Dean found himself in the all encompassing black of the Empty.  He turned around and could see nothing at all. Another round and more of it. The third time there was a carved wooden chair, a throne almost hadn´t the picture of the body sprawled over it been thoroughly unregal. The Shadow sill used Meg´s appearance and just slowly lifted its head.
Dean truly felt empty when they drew the sigil with water, hoping this was what the texts meant with colourless ink. It seemed to be just the right interpretation.
“I haven´t heard that call in a long time and I rarely awakened to answer it. But now … I´m … always …  awake.”
Dean cut the thanks short: “Where is Cas?”
“I swear I will find a way to make this the loudest place if you try to keep Cas.”
Dean felt himself swallow and stepping a bit closer again. What he had seen in the whole span of the wings was mirrored in each individual feather. Sometimes his eyes seemed to have trouble making them out, as if the wings were a solid organism or made out of something completely different but then he could see them clear as day. The quills and what he would later learn was called barbs in the world of Ornithology. Each feather was a sight to behold on its own. Combined they looked so soft and supple, as if  he could sink his hands in and feel something that would give the word tenderness a new meaning. At the same time Dean had no doubt that these wings could break his spine with just one swift movement. He wondered what it must be like to spread them and rise. He would never know but he didn´t need to.
“I made that deal to get Jack out of the Empty.”
“Cas can you just leave the Empty?” Dean worried. His exit plan had been the Empty releasing them.
“Things are changing. And I´m so tired of it, I can´t wait to go back to sleep. ”
“You already are”
“Cas, are you alright?”
“I love you.”
Castiel ignored his question.  “Dean … why are you here?”
Dean took a last step towards the angel and raised his hand, letting it hoover over one of the wings. Just shy of touching it. Castiel seemed to shift a little and the whole wings followed the movement. It was mesmerizing. He could have just taken in this sight for days but as compelling a thought this was it was not how Dean wanted to spend them.
“Anything we can use?”
“But your wings? You could let me see them?”
Dean noticed how his face finally caught up with his words, his brows softening and his lip quivering while his eyes teared up.  Just his jaw kept rigid, forcing his constricted throat to swallow before he spoke again:
Dean watched how the Shadow slowly sat upright into the chair, still slouching over and holding its head up with an arm propped on the armrest.
“What do you mean?”
There seemed to be some bitterness lingering under the nonchalant tone when the Shadow uttered the last sentence. Dean´s knuckles were still white, tension remaining high in his whole body.
Cas turned slightly away from Dean: “I did not want to ... burden you with …. “
“I can.” Cas let the astral projection of his wings wrap around both their bodies and within the blink of an eye they had left the Empty.
“I would, if I could, but this noise has been eating away at me.”
“What you saw was just their shadow … but they also changed, just like I changed. When I raised you from hell they still were pure black.”
Plenty beers and discussion later the three of them had come up with a plan. Destruction or forcing the Empty to release Cas didn´t seem to be something within their possibilities and if they some day found instructions for that, they could still try that later. For now they settled on a bargain.
Dean felt his throat constricting and his blood boiling. Mending the Empty had been their best shot. He could only guess how long it would take to find something they could shatter it with again, now that they were out of Nephilims and ribs. His hand had involuntarily clenched into a fist and he spat: “What?! “
VampMimes, it would have been too good to be true. Unfortunately they had spoken and Dean hadn´t liked what they said. On their way out of the barn the hunter had ripped the mask off one of the severed heads. He was relieved that there wasn´t another familiar face under it.  Seeing Jenny had shocked him more than he wanted to admit, brought back all the memories of people they hadn´t been able to save. He was well aware that what had been standing in front of him was not the human they had failed and he had played it cool, tried to not let the monster know how much this nevertheless affected him.
Dean pulled the bottle out of his pocket. “That´s how and the why … you´re going to release Castiel from his deal and from this place.”
“It´s getting quieter.”
“They are nothing like I remember,” Dean whispered.
“No, there won´t be any sleep for you, if you don´t tell me where Cas is.”  Dean stepped closer to the Shadow that was now sitting straight on its chair. Pain in his chest forced him to stop. He sneered at the Shadow.
Dean felt like he was snapping back to he senses. “Wait a minute … that´s .. this place is different .. right?”
Back at the bunker Eileen greeted them. She had stayed after what initially started as simply another date with Sam. Not all that many days had passed since then but Dean found it harder and harder to imagine the bunker without her.  When Dean had come across the news about the Pie Fest in Akron and shared them Sam had been excited about all three going on a little trip but Eileen had shaken her head: “I´m staying”.  Sam must have signed something like “No, of course you´re coming with us” before they had excused themselves, left the table and relocated into the kitchen. The three of them had spent most of their time in the bunker going through old texts, they all could use some fresh air. Sam especially, since he even skipped some of his usual morning jogs. Sleeping in was uncharacteristic for Sam but Dean found it became him rather well.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Come on.” And he dragged Cas by his blue shirt-sleeve next to the Impala, holding the passenger’s side door open for him with a cheesy grin. He hopped in the driver’s seat, turned the key, felt the engine rev to live under him and obligingly slid the cassette tape into the stereo. “This is the Beatles,” Dean said. “They’re important, for some reason. The song’s not half bad,” he muttered. Thankfully, Cas had long since mastered the art of understanding Dean’s emotional understatements, and he tipped his head back, foot gently starting to thump to the music.
“No.” Dean said loudly, red rushing to his head. No, no, no.
Dean strode forward to meet the angel, cupped his face in both hands and crushed their lips together. Somehow their afternoon of separation felt, in that moment, like years. The press of their bodies together was sweet as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and pulled him closer. A flash of blue out of the corner of his half-closed eyes notified Dean that Cas was wearing the leather jacket Dean had given him. “Hey, Cas,” Dean murmured, pulling away slightly to stroke Cas’ cheek.
He hummed along quietly and turned left when a fork in the road came up. "Where are we going?" Cas enquired.
“You fill up my senses.” Dean repeated, opening his eyes and studying Cas, trying to understand. “This song… this is how you feel?” A small smile was fighting its way onto his face.
“Cas,” Dean said through gritted teeth when he couldn’t take it anymore. Cas’ eyes snapped back to him, intent once more. He sat up, kissing Cas hard, biting and sucking his bottom lip. “Fuck me,” he whispered. He’d never thought he’d be doing this. Ever. Like, really, ever. On the rare occasions he’d wondered what having sex with a guy would be like, he’d always thought he’d be the one on top. He’d always thought, fuck, wouldn’t that hurt? Somehow Cas made everything different though. It wasn’t about the fact he was having sex with a guy, or who was on top or who was on the bottom, it was just about him and Cas.
“Well, it didn’t really… come up,” Dean said, scrunching up his face. “With the whole, he doesn’t eat or understand movies thing.” There had been the bar, and the movie on Halloween, but they hadn't really been... official. And this just felt like something Dean oughta do properly. Even if he had no clue how.
“Mmm,” he breathes out.
“Yeah,” he said, his voice embarrassingly thick with emotion, and the conversation stopped there.
All of a sudden, Castiel’s face did change, and it did so dramatically. Tears welled up in those blue eyes, faster than Dean’s own, and his nose scrunched stupidly and his lips shook and there was all too much feeling there, almost more than Dean could bear to look at. Cas took a step forward and crashed against Dean, tangling his hands in the hunter’s hair, grabbing at his shoulders, kissing him desperately and too hard. Cas’ tears slid down Dean’s face.
Dean doesn’t tell him why: it’s funnier to watch Cas and Sam’s brain circuits fry when he calls Cas his wife. But he remembers that night Cas got back from the Empty, and all he wanted was to see stars. And he remember, too, that Sam runs a damn fine hunter central in his absence. It looks like it’s going to go that way, with Sam’s spellcraft ramping up and him taking on more of a consulting role. Watching Sam makes him ache for Bobby, the old Bobby from their world.
Stamped on the wall of the Grand Canyon are two giant wing impressions and a single hand print, off-center between them. Dean’s laugh came out more as a stuttered gasp. “Yeah, that’ll do the trick.” He blinked, and blinked again. “Defacing government property in the name of love? You sure do know how to show a guy a good time,” he snickered into Cas’ neck, shock boiling low in his stomach. Every time Cas revealed his angel powers, another part of his
Dean smiled, before starting to undo Cas’ belt. “And that’s part of love,” he whispered.
“Like hell I don’t,” Dean thunders, and stands, enveloping Jack in one of the messiest bear hugs known to man. If anything, he might be clinging onto the kid too tight, who bends like a reed in the wind. “I’m so sorry.” The air punches out of him after he says it, and he’s worried it can’t be enough. For a split second he sees Jack sweeping him across the room with his god powers, knocking him against the wall for trying to make it right with words so small. But Jack just pulls away and gives Dean a smile.
They were lying underneath the giant tree, looking up through all the partially glowing branches and inhaling the aroma of pine. Cas' trench coat was spread out underneath them, and it was surprisingly soft. Dean had somehow found himself telling the stories contained in Love Actually. Cas had obviously never seen it, and Dean vaguelly remembered it from one depressing Christmas alone on a hunt, watching cable TV in his motel. Reluctantly, he admitted that it was a classic. A terrible, crappy classic which he hadn't enjoyed. Or cried at. At all. "So yeah, there's these two porn star stand-ins, but while they're filming - completely naked and everything - they start having these weirdly sweet conversations..." he trailed off. "But the one that gets you is these two kids, and there's this epic chase scene at the airport where he's just trying to catch up to her-"
“All right,” Dean agreed. He ordered a fifth of whiskey and half a bottle of tequila – to start them off. The bartender gave him an indulgent yet skeptical look as she handed him two bottles. He watched her meditatively as she bent to get him two glasses. Nice cleavage. Seriously. Nice. And it wasn’t that she wasn’t attractive, just that he was completely distracted and uninterested by the fact that she wasn’t
“Oh,” Cas said shortly, finally opening his eyes. Sweat was already starting to glisten on his forehead and cheeks. He blinked, letting his eyelids stay closed for longer than seemed decent. “Dean, it’s hot!” He looked so godshonest surprised that Dean couldn’t help but laugh.
Dean looked down at him, and ran a hand through his hair. Silky soft and black against his fingers. “I love you,” Dean said softly.
That might not be true: every failed attempt pushes Dean further away. But it’s all they have.
"Oh, really?" I stood, brushing my trench coat off furiously. "Let me tell you something, Dean Winchester. Since I lay a hand on you in hell, since I saved you and felt your soul - I have known. Not what to call it, but I have known. Because you told me so. Not in the things you said, but in the ones you left unspoken. Not in the things you did, but in the way you did them. In the way you can't look away from me. When I was unknown to you, when we have been enemies and when we are friends - this - this bond, it's
“I’ll walk,” Sam said, already out the door.
“Carolina. I wonder if his lover is there,” Cas mused, obviously distracted. He was absorbed in watching the light fall over his hands, smiling when he wiped sweat off his face.
Dean's breath comes back slowly, and when it does, he doesn't know what to say. He watches the white curtain where it came to rest on the floor, and he smiles slightly at the thought that Cas came apart while Dean fell to pieces at his hands. Lost control so much he made a thunderstorm.
“It’s… wonderful, Dean,” Cas said, brow creasing at the sensations.
“Sure you don’t want to take a spin flying or something first?” Sam snorts.
“It’s interesting,” Cas replied. Maybe he hadn’t really expected an answer. “No, it’s… beautiful, I suppose.”
Dean kissed his cheekbone before delving into the duffel bag at the foot of the bed and withdrawing a bottle of lube. One of five or so. OK, maybe the lady at the checkout counter had been fully justified in laughing at him. It paid to be prepared.
Dean wants to laugh, but Cas’ voice is still hollow. “Hey. Look at me. I want you to pick out the things about me that are different to the copies of me you had to kill, to that time. It’ll pull you into the present, OK?”
Dean smiled and took it, letting their fingers brush. He queued it to the second song, pressed play, and music began to fill the car.
. But that night, there was one more thing. One more beautiful thing I wanted.
“Well, I
“Dean,” Cas breathed, voice a mix of exasperation and desperation.
“I just.” Cas is caught in memories, in Dean’s blood on his hands, in the way they went limp at his feet as the life went out of them. “Some of them said they loved me. I don’t think I was as subtle as I had hoped.”
Cas stilled against him, letting Dean draw him backwards into his lap. Dean shut his eyes tight as one of Cas’ butt-cheeks brushed his cock. “Dean,” Cas said as their skin brushed together. Dean ran his hands over Cas. He’d fuck the angel, he’d make him scream and moan, but not just yet. Now he’d kiss Cas through his after glow. “I love you,” Cas said softly. “I didn’t think it was possible to love anything this much.”
“Nah, you should get back home. Get some shut-eye.” There was a fond edge to Sam’s tone that made the suggestion sound more like
Dean smirked.
I kissed his collarbone, treasuring every moment inside him even as the demand for release grew. I looked down at him, and just for a moment, our eyes met, and then he was crying out as I slammed into him, dick spurting semen between us, his hole fluttering around my thick cock. I moaned, and thrust into him even harder. His body shuddered, his cock twitching with the last moments of his release. I felt heat coiling in my stomach, and then I was coming, my hot release spattering the insides of him, ecstasy shooting through me in blinding flashes.
roused them. And after that, one more kiss.
Dean started running the second he saw Cas. Cas looked almost surprised, and then Dean was laughing, laughing as his breaths came quick but steady, as sunlight zipped over his face and he got closer to Castiel.
Also, it will be explained later why Cas changed his mind, never fear.
Dean stared at him, flabbergasted. Blinking, he untangled himself from Cas’ embrace with a quick squeeze to the shorter man’s hand. He sat down next to Sam, fussing with the fraying end of the blanket. Sam looked at him expectantly, waiting for him to say something. Dean managed, “How the hell did you get here?” According to the schedule, Sam shouldn’t have been home until January at the earliest, most likely February.
And once he started, Dean didn’t think he was inclined to stop any time soon. He panted out a litany of
“You’re saying that, when you die, your
"Look, Dean, I know there's things you haven't told me about the night he...died. Might it have something to do with that?" Sam had asked after clearing his throat, hedging his bets.
Cas stiffened, and Dean swallowed. There it was. The confirmation he’d hoped not to get – that Cas wasn’t telling him something.
Dean had laid him down on the bed, watching the slow - too slow - pulse of Cas' throat. After a frozen moment, he'd started to dress Cas' wounds, unbuttoning Cas' shirt, wiping the blood away. The mechanical motions had taken on a tender note he wasn't used to and couldn't deal with. There was no quick quip Cas would hear, no way to say, 'you'll live, quit whining'. Because Cas wasn't saying anything. And he certainly wasn't sleeping, because angels didn't sleep -
"Right, but I... I was wrong." My breath caught in my throat. "You're not broken, Cas. Just human. And a little insane, to choose me over everything."
I had laid myself at their mercy, and pointed out that such an action in itself showed the desire for forgiveness.”
“Dean,” Cas answered. No matter what filthy things they did, Cas said his name like it was something holy. Dean moaned loudly at the fourth finger. He wanted Cas. Needed him so damn bad.
Sam blinked slowly, like a dog about to fall asleep in confusion. He hadn’t asked about Cas and Dean’s sex life. “Okay?”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJb7cBfrxbo
“Well it occurred to me how you’ve never gotten properly drunk when the world wasn’t about to end.” Dean shrugged, and said to the bartender – a blonde chick maybe in her fifties – “Two of everything.” Turning back to Cas, he decided to get it out of the way. “And never gotten laid with someone who didn’t try to kill you, as far as I know.” Cas had frozen, and when the bartender skeptically started pouring shots and laying them out in front of the two men, he downed about three as soon as she laid them down.
“I will always come back to you,” Cas murmured, breaking through Dean’s reverie about how on earth he’d never noticed just how good the leather smelled all the other times he’d had sex back here.
It was like the world lit up, once he was inside Cas. The candles flickered gently, sending waves of light across Cas’ leanly muscled torso, coloring everything in a flood of rosy fire. The air around them crackled with angelic grace and the smell of artificial flowers hung heavy. Sweet Jesus, the feel of Cas pressing all around him, hot and tight and now Cas tasted like salt instead of rain – he could never get enough of this.
“No!” The force of it startles both of them. “Jesus, man, I was asleep on my feet yesterday. One time thing. No holding of any kind.” Dean’s grief twists in his chest, a beast tripling in size with every passing second. Had Cas only kissed him because he was confused, and only held Dean for comfort, not because he wanted to be close to him?
“It’s a camera. It’s for taking pictures,” Cas said.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist and then, slowly, slowly, picked him up and laid him down flat on his back on the mats covering the floor. Cas’ mouth twitched into what Dean could only describe as a filthy smile as he said, “Make love to me.”
Sam returned a few days later, with more than a few comments about the pile of joints Cas had left on the kitchen counter and the bullet-hole in the combat dummy on the far side of the shooting range. Despite the snarky comments, Dean could tell that his brother was in a good mood. In lieu of that fact, and the way Cas had been staring wistfully out the windows at the sunny day outside all morning, Dean suggested a trip to the lake nearby. The one where he’d tried to teach Cas to fish. Sam, once dragged out of his book, agreed, and Cas flopped into the back seat without a word. Dean packed their gear – the fishing rods he’d found in the Men of Letter’s basement, various types of bait from the fishing-and-gun store forty minutes away, Cas’ polaroid camera and guitar (hey, Dean figured he wouldn’t be fishing), folding chairs, and a bottle of sunscreen. Not that he really planned on using that – after so many scars, he figured his skin ought to be tough enough to stand a day in the sun.
inside him.
“I love it,” Dean blurted out. “OK?” And it wasn’t like he hadn’t said this before, or at least implied it, but he had to say it again. “I love that you’re both. That you’re everything.” He reached out impulsively, and held Cas’ wrist in his hand, making circles with his thumb.
,” in his best Castiel impression.
Sam laughed and Cas smirked. “I’ll do my best.”
“I dreamt when I was human. It was interesting.” Cas offered. The silence continued for a few seconds. “Dean, for this to work, our minds and souls would have to… meld, I suppose. It’d be temporary, of course. But this isn’t a light spell.” Dean barely noticed Cas inspecting his fingernails in a little too much detail. This was by far the worst idea he’d ever had. Opening up his mind to Cas, right after he’d finally admitted he loved the guy but before he knew what to do about it? Yeah, crappy plan.
It was also breath-taking, and he never wanted it to stop.
Dean was ruined: Cas' words had planted something that bloomed painfully when he smiled. For the first time, he didn't see his scars as a tally of battles fought, but for the times he’d healed. But Cas was gone.
“Can you really taste alcohol?” Dean asked, personally starting to regret having ordered on of everything for himself. Some of these were pretty vile.
Cas spins Dean around easily, so Dean is on his back again. Cas lays a firm hand on Dean's cock to stop him from whimpering at the loss of friction. With his other hand, he lines himself up, and meets Dean's gaze. Dean lies there, legs spread-eagled, lips swollen from Cas' kisses, waiting.
Dean feels a smile spread across his face, inexorably fond. “Yeah, uh, you know what, hold that thought. Pretty sure that’s just you, through and through.”
Sammy introduces Cas to Elvis.
“Thank you.” Dean said shyly, letting the words tumble off his tongue in a rush.
“Shoot,” Dean said, struggling to keep his eyes open.
"Tomorrow, we're going up against Lucifer. I gotta do whatever I have to to get a shot, you hear me? Feed whoever through the meat grinder I have to." His voice shook. "Cas, you with me?"
This was suggested a while back by Minilin on FF.net. Thank you!
"You know, it occurred to me tonight that there's one thing I don't want to die without doing." He straightened, and cast about as if looking for something to do with his hands. I didn't understand for a moment, not until he grabbed the lapels of my coat and pulled me towards him, our warm bodies flush through our clothes, and kissed me. Not roughly, but deeply. My hands came around his shoulders, scarcely daring to believe this was real. I moaned unashamedly when he flicked his tongue into my mouth and knotted his fingers in my hair. Never, in all my days on Earth, had anything felt so
“Wait, did you just say you’d screw the guy by the pool table?” Dean stopped short, staring at the shot in front of his lips.
Dean sank back down again, swirling his tongue around the head of Cas’ cock and toying with the slit. He lapped up a bead of pre-come. Third circle meant it was almost off the target. Humming with satisfaction, he took Cas further down. Dean relaxed his throat until he could take all of Cas. Jesus, he never thought the ability to deep-throat would be something he was proud of, but fuck if the noises Cas couldn’t hold back were encouragement enough. He liked giving Cas pleasure and goddamnit, he liked the feel of Cas’ cock in his mouth.
He didn't even freeze when I unbuttoned the top button of his shirt with steady, slow fingers. He let his head hang back, exposing his neck to me. I kissed every inch of him. His nails dug into my back, and he ground against me when I had stripped him down to his black boxers. I smiled at the wave of pleasure that coursed through me - yes, such simple, beautiful pleasure. I saw from the expression in his eyes that he was giving into it. Ignoring his ideas of being broken, because if I was, surely we both were. Letting go.
“Good molecules?” Dean asked, taking a swig of whiskey.
They did look entertaining. Perhaps I should acquire some.
“Praying?” Dean’s mind had gone blank, and it was noticing stupid little things, like the way the moonlight fell on Cas’ neck.
“Cas, please, I need it.”
Cas had no such qualms and when Dean caught up with him, he was standing waist-deep in the calm waters, still fully clothed.
Dean swallowed, tears springing suddenly to his eyes. “That’s not true.” Cas didn’t answer. His hands trembled on the angel’s skin. “And even if it was, I don’t break easy.”
to play his mixtape, and Dean had to be pretty damn impressed with that.
“You’re sick,” Cas said. Dean was silent. The angel sighed, and after a moment picked Dean up. It happened so fast, all in one fell swoop, and he was off the floor and in Cas’ arms. He glanced into Cas’ eyes, big and blue and full of way too much feeling. “What the-” he started to protest, but at the sad twitch of Cas’ lip, he broke off.
“I… I know.” Dean said. Goddamnit. This stuff had been all dealt with. All this crap, these
He’s not sure what he’s hoping for. For Cas to say, ‘nothing, I have everything I’ve ever needed right here.’ For Cas to say, ‘yes. I need to kiss you again.’ For Cas to say, ‘tell me you love me,’ and for it to be the hardest and best thing he’ll ever do –
“Eileen?” Dean ventured.
“Yes, Sam?” Cas didn’t move a muscle.
“Dean, why are the pumpkins on fire?” Cas asked idly. His head was propped up on his fist, elbow resting on the open window.
Castiel had his head back out the window again, looking up at the stars. Dean felt oddly naked without his jacket, but hey, he like that Cas was wearing it. Just cause every guy needed to have worn a leather jacket at least once. He supposed it did look good on Cas, hanging a little big off his shoulders, but that wasn't the point.
Cas was kneeling down on the dock, running his hands through the water. Man, he was like a kid in a giant trench coat. If it had been Sam, he would’ve shouted something along the lines of, Get your ass over here and help me unpack the trunk, but instead he let the angel sit by the lapping water.
I'd love to hear what you thought ;)
"Broken," I repeated. The word should have hurt. It just seemed like another fact of life.
for updates! :)
When Cas started to jerk with oversensitivity and pulled out, Dean swallowed without hesitation, just to see the look on Cas’ face. The angel sank to his knees and pulled Dean toward him roughly. “How do you want to come, Dean?” he asked breathlessly, wrapping his fingers around Dean’s dick, like they belonged there.
Blind Faith - Can't Find My Way Home
Cas sighs, and tries to put the feeling of Dean’s lips against his out of his mind. God, he’d wanted to give in and kiss Dean when he’d asked. But he couldn’t. Not if Dean didn’t truly want it. He’d wanted for years without reprieve, he could go on that way.
They spent hours there, Cas seemingly determined to leave no book unseen. Dean was quite sure he used angel mojo to magic books from the middle of lopsided stacks without making the whole thing fall over. Dean trailed Cas around the store, watching his face light up, eyes scan intently over the back of books, long fingers flip elegantly through the pages. It was the second sign today that he was becoming a complete and utter sap – first the Beatles, now the ability to just watch someone, for hours, and not get bored. Then again, Cas was easy on the eyes, to put it mildly. Dean smiled, feeling the flare of possessiveness warm his chest as he gazed on at Cas and thought,
“I did what I woulda done any other day, Cas. We risk our lives hunting all the time.” Dean said, suddenly tired.
“You won’t hurt me,” Cas said firmly, and then sank down.
I grabbed one of his hands in mine, and as the sun set, our bodies aligned in the long grass. I pushed inside him. He gasped as the head of my cock slipped inside, and I kept thrusting into his hot tightness until I bottomed out. I let out a breathless moan. "Dean," I whispered, perfectly still in the core of his being.
Dean kissed Cas, and let himself melt into the other man. They kissed for easily an hour, slow and soft, until they were both hard and Dean remembered his earlier intention. He rutted his hips into Cas, enjoying the brazen moan it produced. “Come here.” He let Cas push him back onto the bed, and climb on top of him, straddling his hips. Cas put a finger to his lips as he made to say something else. He was running his hands over every inch of Dean’s body, more gentle than Dean wished he would. It was like he was contemplating Dean’s skin and muscles and bone like they were some kind of miracle. That reverent look again.
Cas half fell off the bike. “Dean, that was fun.” Fun. What an unfamiliar word on the angel’s tongue.
Dean looked around, and slowly his surroundings started appear. Were they… in a greenhouse? Yeah. That’s exactly where they were. And a giant one at that. Plants grew wild across it, looking like they’d been left there for at least twenty years. Lilies were floating on what had once been a well landscaped pond, pale pink blooms against the dusky static of night. A variety of ivy he’d never seen before clung to most surfaces, and the smell of flowers and earth hung heavy in the air. “Where are we?”
“Thought they were just teasin’,” Dean mutters.
“Were you desiring, I would want to know you carnally.” Blood rushes hot through Cas’ ears after he says it, distracting him for a moment from the hitch in Dean’s breath. "But that's not all it is for me. It never could be."
“Yeah, well, you spend your whole life not crying, and it has a funny way of coming around when you least expect it,” Dean said, his face screwed up. “It’s OK. Trust me when I say it’s OK.” He didn’t bother to wipe away his tears. This was something they had shared, from the beginning of Cas’ time at the bunker. It was all right for them to see each other cry. It was all right to sit shoulder to shoulder and let the tears flow. That, he supposed, was a different beginning of theirs. “In fact,” he said, thinking of where they were now, “It’s good.” Cas’ face melted into a kind of understanding, and he cupped Dean’s cheek before kissing him deeply.
He asked her to describe the shop. A cramped one room store, she described, not much different from any of a number of goth shops all around the south and the seaboard. But the real treasure was in the back room. That’s where he kept the mirror.
He says, “I wanted it,” and then he bites down on everything inside of him, every shit thing, every beautiful thing, every thing he brought from hell and every thing he stole from heaven.
“Of course!” She lights up. It’s in her smile, the bounce of her shoulders. “Sam Winchester, obviously, ‘course that’s your brother. You don’t know if he’s still into the paper mill?”
She nods. Her smile is leaner. She sees better than a lot of people do.
Alerted, perhaps, by the clumsy drop of the bottle, Sam comes into the kitchen. He turns on the light. Dean bows his back against it. Sam says, “Dean.”
On the table he left the bottle of Chattanooga whiskey.
“Well, the photos are shit--”
New Year’s Eve and the kids are in bed and Sam and Eileen are yawning. Dean is too. Nobody’s making it to midnight. Maybe he’s had too much champagne. Maybe he drank a whole bottle all on his own. Every year he sees a little more of John Winchester in him. He looks in the mirror and some sad man with furrowed brow looks back out at him. His face is thicker. He doesn’t shave like he used to.
“Eileen’s fine with it.”
His hand doesn’t tremble. He reads. Every now and then he writes something on the pad of note paper he swiped from a bar in Alabama. Gunpowder, that makes a careful man out of you. Silver, salt. The pen digs in. The sheet beneath has pale crevices worn into it. He writes over those too.
“Gotta check on Aaron,” Sam says. Eileen’s already gone in. Dean waves him off, promises he’ll be in in a couple minutes.
He never figured out how to pray. Never had room for it in the thin and tender spaces between his bones. Not real prayer. Not like how they do it in the clapboard churches and under the big revival tents, the places where prayer comes out like effluence, fetid and fecund all at once.
Eileen signs, “We know,” and smiles that nose-winkling smile of hers, the smile that Sam must have fallen in love with the way that everyone falls in love with a smile. Dean thinks of a slighter smile, a puzzled one. He’ll probably head out on Saturday. In the dark of the morning, before the kids are up.
“It isn’t fucking fair,” Dean snaps, “because it’s not, it fucking isn’t. The, the happy little house, happy fucking family, making, cooking dinner every night, and fuck, it’s--” He turns his face up. He swallows. He swallows. His eyes burn like they’re going to blaze blue-white through his eyelids.
She says, “Hunters gossip, ding-dong,” sounding so young in her thirty years that Dean immediately wants to curl on the ground and die.
Sam persists: “But I think that … she maybe … and I mean maybe, Dean. But I think she may have found something.”
He blows the roof off that joint.
“Thanks, your compliments still suck,” says Sam. “You remember I’m forty-three, right?”
Dean grips the bed and lowers to his knees. His back aches. The right knee twinges and the left snap crackle pops. He rests his forehead against the edge of the bed, where the sheets pulled free of the mattress when he tried a few minutes to sleep.
Sam holds him. He says, “You have it. You can have it with us.”
Bridget’s eldest at five and Sean a year younger. Aaron ain’t more than a year, or at any rate Dean figures he’s not much past one, stuck in that weird nebulous space where a kid could be anywhere from ten months to two years. They’re easy to shop for, kids that young. You just pick up whatever makes the most noise or has the brightest collection of flashing lights and throw it at them like meat to lions. Eileen doesn’t give a shit about the noise but the looks Sam gives him when Uncle Dean plays at Santa, they’re the kind of looks that light Dean up.
Time was Dean would’ve shoved a wet knuckle in Sam’s ear for that. But now Sam’s got the squirts and Uncle Dean can’t be a bad influence unless he wants wet knuckles in both his ears, Sam on the right and Eileen coming from the left.
“You’ll never have his beard,” says Sam, but he turns it into something gentle by leaning away and pressing a kiss to Dean’s brow. A benediction. A baton passing.
Sam, about nine feet tall, forty-three, he breaks up into a seizing comma. Dean pounds his back and gives Eileen a look that says, yeah, okay, nice shot. She settles in her chair, taking a long pull on her beer.
“You don’t know what the fuck you’re agreeing to, Sammy, better read the fine print before you sign away,” in a mean voice, in a mean drunk voice.
Then he’d sprayed Dean with the hose.
He listens. The lake murmurs, or he imagines it does. Somewhere among the trees, a deer starts and her fawn follows. Their bodies hulk through the undergrowth.
It snows in Oregon for Christmas. Dean makes it that year and for his work, when he pulls up on Christmas Eve, he’s put in a red suit and a white beard and the fake pregnancy belly that Sam and Eileen just happen to have for no reason at all, Dean. So it’s Santa who comes in to the house and not Uncle Dean.
He’d found a survivor in an outpatient ward, a skinny, sloe-eyed black woman who sat in front of a window. She twisted regularly in her chair. Trying to find the right angle for a reflection then jerking away when she found it. Her name was Patricia. She was twenty-six. She wore a cheap necklace chain with a good silver pendant, an angel with hands clasped in prayer.
“I thought this might be appropriate, I wasn’t sure-” Was Cas actually blushing?
"So when you stand here and tell me you've always loved me, and when you ask me for the truth, you'd better goddamn know what - " he paused, and ran a hand over his mouth. My gaze lingered over his lips. He searches for the right words, and doesn't seem to find them, but speaks anyway. "You gotta know that we ain't going back from this. That I..." His face contorted, and suddenly he grabbed the lapels of my coat, pulling me to him roughly. I was braced for him to hit me, by force of habit, but instead he kissed me, hot and wanting. I grabbed onto him. Our teeth knocked together and I bruised his shoulder with my grip, but it was everything I had always wanted. His tongue flicked inside my mouth, probing between my lips. It was messy and too rough and I wouldn't take it back for anything.
Cas leaned forward and very deliberately kissed Dean’s collarbone. “That’s all.” He said in a low voice, before shifting slightly closer to Dean. Dean frowned, kissed the top of Cas’ head, and he fell asleep tangled together with the angel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGJTaP6anOU
Then what Cas was saying caught up to him, and he said, “Wait, what?”
“No, I don’t think I will.”
When I Touch You, by Spirit
They were on a winding mountain road in the middle of nowhere when Dean pulled over. Cas followed him hesitantly. Dean watched Cas, heart heavy as the angel spun all around, taking in the land underneath them, and raindrops fell onto his cheeks. Cas grinned in spite of himself. Dean offered a half-smile, and finally, he broke the silence. “It’s not the Alps, but it’s good enough.” He didn’t even know what state they were in.
"Cas, I-"
Dean bit his lip and did something hard. He bent his head and curled against Cas’ side, stretching his arm over Cas’ middle and his leg over Cas’ thigh. Cas shuddered and after a moment threaded his hand to the back of Dean’s neck.
Cas’ jaw set with the challenge. “No.” He said easily.
(See the end of the chapter for
I will return.’
When he came to, he was swaying where he knelt on the dirt, looking up at Cas. The glow was fading from the room, and the giant wing shadows which had stretched beyond the walls of the greenhouse were disappearing. The outer signs of Cas’ celestial being were dimming, and Cas was coming back to him. Cas stared back at him, hair completely disheveled, lips parted and eyes returning from shining blue to their normal ocean depths. And it wasn’t surprising to feel that there was a hot, wet spot in his jeans where he’d come in the heat of the moment, nor was it surprising to see that Cas was in a similar predicament. He swallowed, ears still ringing. When it was over, he’d expected to feel like he was hollow, missing the enhancement of his senses and the overwhelming sense of Cas inside him, all around him. Instead, he felt like he was experiencing the aftershocks of an emotional orgasm.
“Jack...hey, kid...hope the whole God schtick is going well. We miss you down here. Uh. Car rides not quite the same anymore. Yeah. Um. I know you’re out and about in the raindrops and stuff, but it’s about Cas. I guess maybe you woulda gotten him out if you could.” Dean waits. Steadies himself. “Look, fuck, I know I haven’t always been good to you. And I regret it all the time. But I just – if there was one thing...”
It was later that night, and the sun had set. Cas was fumbling over the guitar, wincing when he pushed his fingers down into the fretboard. He was going at it determinedly, and though it sounded pretty awful, sometimes the beginnings of things are that way. Dean lay on his bed, half asleep. He knew Cas didn’t sleep. For the first time, the thought of Cas watching over him didn’t seem… well, creepy. It seemed comforting.
Cas laughed, to Sam’s surprise. He’d been expecting an eye squint. “No, seriously, I mean it.” Sam clapped a hand to Cas’ shoulder and climbed into the back seat. If Dean was aware of their exchange, he didn’t show it. Sam had to admit it felt weird to be sitting back here. He hadn’t sat in the back seat since John had owned the Impala. But he wanted to show Cas that he was… important, y’know. Part of the family and not just back seat material. Plus, Sam had a feeling Cas ought to get used to riding shotgun.
"-see you," he stumbled awkwardly, peeking out from under his eyelids in entirely the wrong direction. I think it was the buzzing of the bees which alerted him to my presence, because he whipped around and saw me. I sat still on the hood of his car. His jaw dropped.
When eventually they turned in, it was past two. They’d been through every single Elvis cassette tape Dean had ever owned, including some embarrassingly sentimental mixes. Dean was positive he’d never live this down in the morning.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deB_u-to-IE
“Well, leaving aside the sins, you’ve probably suffered enough to be qualified as several saints. But I kind of make the rules about that now anyway. They were pretty old-fashioned. But Dean...the Empty has a contract on Cas, on his essence itself. I can make him his old body to bring him back into, but there’s no way it will let him go. If you go in as an angel, after dying, you’ll just fall asleep.”
“Oh,” The angel smiled. “I like this tradition, Dean.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but instead he rose up from where he knelt between Cas’ legs, kissing Cas on the mouth long and hard. He grasped Cas’ cock and stroked up and down while he kissed Cas’ neck slowly. When he looked back up to meet Cas’ eyes, they were closed, his head falling back against the window. Dean gasped. The shadows of Cas’ wings, sprouting from his shoulders and falling wide over the car seats, were clearly visible, dark in the snow-tangled light.
It wasn't like he wanted them to be some Hallmark family, or like Cas needed to know all the values of 'Un-attached Drifter Christmas'. Aside from these facts and the one that Cas was the relationship he'd had over three weeks, Cas meant a whole fucking lot to him. In America, when somebody meant something to you, you bought them too much chocolate and stupid cards with hearts on them and you decorated your bedroom with candles in the hope of getting laid.
It was absurd, really, after so many bullets and scars, that he should come down with a
“Oh. Metatron did it to me.” Dean frowned. “He was frustrated when I didn’t understand his literary metaphors,” Cas explained further.
“Chuck got my father out. I should be able to open a door.”
Dean shudders at the thought of all the times he might not have had to watch Cas die, if they’d got their act together a little sooner. “So Naomi was brainwashing you to kill me?”
Cas looked away. “I’m sorry.”
“I think so,” Dean said, frowning. “Yeah, he knows.”
Dean put a hand to his forehead and drew a long, shuddering breath, not meeting Cas’ eyes. The muscles around his jaw and his shoulders were clenched as if against an expected impact.
"I broke you," he said. And then he laughed, until he started choking. I sat there, frozen, watching him struggle to breathe. Finally, he calmed, and cleared his throat. I stared.
I’m finally following my dreams instead of everyone who told me I “should” do something more sensible or worthwhile, and all I really want is to get my writing out there.
He found the angel leaning against where they’d parked the Impala quickly, when it had been easier to get into than the garage. He snuck up behind the angel as best he could, but just when he was about to drop the snowball inside the collar of his trench coat, Cas spun around and caught his hand. “Really not fair,” Dean panted.
“Temple?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
Jack doesn’t slit his throat, but puts a hand to Dean’s forehead, and he feels all the angelic energy drain upwards out of his core into the hollow his jaw. Jack draws his hand back: it’s on Dean now. Cas is watching him like he’s the dawn of the first day in Eden, eyes darting to the soot wing silhouettes that burned a line across the bunker’s bookshelves.
But Dean had reacted so badly and he hadn’t been able to say any of it.
“Yes, Dean.” Dean hazarded a glance up to Cas, whose lips were parted as his hand glided over his thick cock. Dean could see he wasn’t practiced, but nor was he a total novice. The thought gave him butterflies through his stomach. “Please.”
'I just need you to save me this one last time. Please. I need you.' Dean waited. He’d thought long and hard about what to say, about what he thought Cas would listen to. Judging from the angel’s self-sacrifice, one last mission was what he might wake for.
“You tried to let me go, remember?” Cas said slowly. “I wanted to stay. And for a while, I thought that was wrong of me. That I shouldn’t let myself have what I wanted, as penance. But I did stay, because once, you said you needed me. And I wanted that to be true.”
“With… me?” Dean asked.
Cas shrugged ever so slightly. "Maybe. But I realized there was something
as he could get. “What I meant,” he said running his fingers over Cas’ shoulderblades and watching him close his eyes and shiver, “Is that I want to show you
Cas nodded with a one-sided smile, and he said softly, “Yes. You did.”
“Yes. Do you know he built that Greenhouse, Dean? Our Garden? He designed it to give faith to lost souls. He is a good brother.” Cas looked at his hands for a moment before continuing. “I told them what I could – explained it, to the best of my ability…” he trailed off. “I only got two words out.”
Dean firmly pushed Cas back against the wall of the car using a hand on his chest. The thought dimly occurred to him that there was no way he could’ve done that if Cas hadn’t let him. He kissed Cas once, rough and fast, before he started working his way lower. “Beautiful,” he muttered, not meaning to say it aloud. Then again, he had a feeling Cas might have heard it even if he’d only thought it. He kissed Cas’ collarbone, running a finger down his chest, over his nipples. Cas gasped and Dean smirked against his skin. He sucked a trail of angry, red marks down to Cas’ nipples, where he paused to brush his lips over them teasingly. Then he drew one of them into his mouth, sucking them up before biting down hard. Another wordless moan from Cas. He soothed them with kitten licks, circling his tongue round the pebbled flesh before moving lower. He ran his hands over Cas’ subtly muscled chest. Fuck, he was fucking perfect. His trail of hickeys ended at the angel’s navel, where he paused to palm Cas through his jeans.
When he opened them again, Cas was standing next to him. Without speaking, they stood side by side, shoulders touching. “Man, this song used to make me feel old, you know?” Dean said finally.
Dean bit back his initial response of
Cas swayed slightly against him, hands coming to grasp at Dean’s wrists, holding him tightly. Which was just as well, because Dean felt like he might fall down at the touch of a feather. “You know, I’m aware this won’t be easy.” Cas said. “Things rarely are.”
“Cas,” he said again, voice cracked and broken, “I’m cold.”
“I -” Cas floundered. “I don’t know how.”
He was jerked out of this train of thought by a growl.
Without a word of explanation, he walked across the room, clapped a hand to Dean’s shoulder, and promptly collapsed on the sofa. He gave a cursory grimace to the orange blanket.
Cas jumped as if he hadn’t realized Dean was behind him. Then he resumed his surveying of the lake. “Apologies. I like standing here – I feel like I’m part of the lake. I can think.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Blue Letter, by Fleetwood Mac (My Favorite Fleetwood Mac song!! Ironically written by somebody outside of the group, but still.)
He cut me off with another kiss, and pulled away, growling, "It matters because now we have something to fight for."
“Yeah, well don’t tell Cas that. He already knows all the words to Can’t Help Falling In Love With You.” Dean stomped past his brother into the room with the cassette player.
Blank, glassy shock before murderous hot rage. “They tortured you. As penance.”
Cas took it appreciatively, swallowing a gulp and smacking his lips – a gesture he surely must have learned from Dean. “Mm.”
He’s going to get Cas back, or he’s going to die trying.
Dean was half afraid he’d be angry. “Not all the time. Only when we’re together and I say the incantation.”
“Well… I guess.” Dean had never really thought about it much.
Cas stopped to think. After a moment, he pulled something out of the pocket of his trench coat. Upon further inspection, Dean saw that it was one of the cassette tapes he had given Cas. “You only played me the first song,” Cas said, holding it up.
The night was cold, but our bodies were hot, and I ground against him. It didn't seem to matter that anyone could walk by, and if he didn't care, that was good enough for me. There were lights in his eyes, ones that looked like the reflection of lights on water. I knew they weren't really there, but I watched them intently nonetheless.
Cas smiled, and let his fingers trace down the back of Dean’s neck, under his shirt. “Of course,” he murmured, before his lips were covered with a finger and then Dean’s lips. Dean swallowed, caught up staring at his miracle. Cas. The way the light played over his closed eyelashed, sharp cheekbones and soft lips. Cas, blissfully unaware, tugged at Dean’s hand, trying to lead him back to their room.
"What if something's happened to him?" Dean had asked Sam, frantic.
But it doesn’t break the tension like he’d hoped. Cas shifts his gaze away from Dean, looking like he’s carefully counting to ten. “I’d rather not, if you don’t mind.”
“I guess it is.” Dean shifted his weight. He wasn’t sure what had made him pick this song. He just felt it was something Cas needed to hear. “But it’s got something, you know? Something different.”
"We're all out of books," Dean said. Then, "This'd be a lot easier if you'd just wake up, you know." He waited. The door upstairs slammed and the Impala's engine started up. Baby felt more like Sam's car these days than his. He sighed. Alone in this giant bunker with a Cas whose breathing was still too shallow. "Screw you," he said suddenly. "Screw you for throwing yourself in front of every damn bus you could. Y'know, if you hadn't stuck your neck out for me in the first place, you wouldn't be here. I mean, come on. Rebelling. Cracking open Purgatory. Staying there. Taking on Sam's hallucinations. Trusting Metatron. Trying to fight an angel war. Saying..." he took a breath to steady himself. "Saying yes to Lucifer. I know I said it was the right thing - but I..." He ran a hand over his mouth. "I wish you hadn't."
as much as he wanted that reverence Cas brought to sex, that spiritual aspect; before Cas was pulling him to his feet, picking him up and setting him down on the bed. Dean’s eyes were wide as Cas turned him over, pulled out the lube, slicked up his fingers and began methodically making Dean fall apart. “Yes, Dean.” Cas breathed as he opened him, little strings of praise that showed Cas knew that this, Dean asking for this, it meant something. Maybe that finally, both their barriers had been chipped away and there was nothing left but the spikes of pleasure that Cas’ curling fingers sent through Dean.
, glowing white where their hands touched. And it was like the bubble they were in, the bubble containing them inexorably joined together, started to expand. Wing shadows flashed black across Dean’s vision, stretching, stretching. And it was almost as though he could now feel the flowers as they shook gently, stirred by the sudden whisper of wind, as though he might as well be one of the drops of water hanging from the petals, in comparison to what Cas was. The air around them was shining, and Dean could feel Cas’ senses expanding, could feel
"I wish there were lights," Dean muttered, coming to stand behind Cas, circling his arms possessively around the angel.
It all changed the day the angels left. I felt it like a tearing in my chest, a hollowness. It started raining, and the remnants of my powers, my grace, they were gone. I fell to my knees in the rain, felt real pain bite into my knees, real blood trickle from my skin. I laughed. Cried. Shouted in anger, and oh, my voice, it felt like a roar, but it was so weak. The glass stayed firmly in the windows, the trees did not shake. I cried out to God.
Dean nods.
“Press it for me, pet.” Cas’s voice is soft, yet his eyes are full of steel.
“Oh dear,” Cas murmurs. “That looked like it hurt.”
was perhaps not the first words he expected to hear from the love of his life, but in retrospect, he really should have guessed. And yes, Cas is that, one of his favourite humans, next to Sam and Bobby and a select few others. There can’t be anyone else like this for Dean, it’s impossible; he feels far, far too much for Cas for that. The idea that someone else could rival would mean Dean’s heart would explode, and he’d much rather stay here with Cas.
“I cannot do that.”
The pain lessened slowly.
“Jack equipped me with the power to do so on my own before I answered the Empty´s call.”
“Cas, can you take us home?”
“What´s that supposed to mean?!”
Dean raised his head again, his jaw compensating with clenching even firmer and his eyes feeling like they were locked in place by wrenches.
Until he heard a sudden  “Dean.” behind him.  He turned around and indeed saw Castiel standing in the endless nothingness. Familiar Trenchcoat, twisted tie and all.
“This could benefit the both of us.”
Cas brows furrowed for a moment but then he nodded.  Dean stepped back a bit, whether it was veneration that caused him to do so or to get a better view he couldn´t tell. But he knew that he was in awe after a swoosh sound had briefly filled the air. He didn´t know where to look first.
“Well, I´m here to change that.”
“I could but the result would not be desirable.”
After the brothers had a shower Eileen cued them in about what she had dug up while they had been gone. An early inscription about Sheol  had pointed her to a name that a cult used that worshiped something they called the “Before”, which had rather striking similarities to what they knew as the Empty.  However a language barrier had brought her research to a stop at that point and Sam stepped in.  Dean skimmed through some of the other books they had taken from the archive. Just like the previous days nothing he read seemed to be relevant. Hopefully Sam had come across something.
Dean´s heart was beating uncomfortably loud in his body.  His jaw clenched under burning cheeks.
“Why don´t I just take it from you. “
Back at the table Sam told Dean that they´d go on the trip alone. Eileen feigned annoyance and claimed she could concentrate on their research much better without them being around. Dean directed a thankful nod in her direction when Sam was already putting his attention back to the text he had set aside for dinner. Eileen returned a kind, knowing smile with a hint of conspiracy in the corners of her mouth. Dean wouldn´t have minded her coming along but just him and Sam in the car for once not driving into something risky, he had appreciated that prospect. However, risky had found them but they beat it once more and now that they had returned he would put his focus back on their current task.
Any analogy his mind could come up with felt frustratingly inadequate. No rainbow had ever carried this enchanting shine. The way the oil had caught the light whenever he had spilled some while working on a car and it´s ever changing shimmer had caused Dean to learn the word “iridescent” but now, although it might technically be a fitting description in the end it was thoroughly insufficient to even begin to describe what he saw.  He had seen a lot of oil slick on the concrete being carried away by the rain and dissolving but these wings gave the impression that nothing could even begin to do away with them.
Dean saw that he had the Shadow´s attention, although its tone kept that unimpressed, inconvenienced and increasingly pained tone.
“Have you ever not slept, Dean? Everything is wrong and everything is so exhausting. It is getting worse and worse. I don´t have control over the louder parts anymore. I can´t stand them. I cannot fetch your angel and spit him out before I haven´t recuperated.”
Cas face reminded Dean of the last he had seen of him before the Empty had dragged him out of the bunker. Just that there was more sadness in it, the acceptance and assuredness less clear.
“I told you I loved you and you said nothing.”
“You made it loud”, the Empty´s voice had risen but continued with a less accusatory tone: “You might not want to risk harming feathers.”
by that?”
The Shadow ignored him for another moment before returning its attention to him. Its whole habitus had changed.
“You always had me.”
Just a moment before Dean had thought it would take tremendous effort to make his jaw move again, to let his lips form words but now they came promptly: “You told me that you´re going to die Cas …. That you would sacrifice yourself … I didn´t want you to do that.”
“At least we know the Empty doesn´t get much peace either after Jack´s detonation.”
“Well I don´t see any bottles here, how would I know if you know how to open them.”
The movement the Shadow made with its hand was somewhere between dismissive and placating.
“Why should I trust you?”
“Isn´t every place different in its own way.”
“Why should I trust you?”
“How should I tell you what I don´t know. But don´t worry I can call him for you, the line is still up.  It´s the least I can do ... but I don´t promise that he´s going to answer. I can´t force him, if he doesn´t want to.”
Staring somewhere far behind Dean for a while the Shadow eventually sighed. “Go on.”
“Not burden me?! What do you think, thinking you´re stuck in a place that´s worse than hell is? You being here cause you stopped Billie, for me … how do you think I could live
“I cannot do that.”
The barn had brought back so many memories for Dean. He had almost expected sparks to fly again, just this time they would not terrify him. However nothing of that sort happened. It was a hunt quite like the others, mostly at least. There had been a few close calls. The group of masked vampires posed a serious challenge for the brothers. Dean was glad that he had sneaked one of the shuriken into his pocket before he had put the box back into the trunk of his Impala. Sam´s initial disapproval had faded when Dean had thrown the star right at one of the vampires that was dashing at him. He still shook his head with some amusement when he saw the shiny star sticking out of one of the bodies on the ground. Now that all their heads were cut off they were finally silent.
The Shadow still seemed doubtful so Dean added: “Wouldn´t it stop either way”
“First Castiel.”
His stern face did not match the emotional content of his words, Dean knew that but he could not help it. The only thing he managed to do was lower his gaze, Cas´ shoes adding a bit less to the mayhem in his head.
have to thank you, you …”
Sam shrugged indecisively. “They for sure really liked that .. Before .. the Empty. I can´t find anything that would harm or weaken it .. or even just bind it, they don´t talk about any vulnerabilities. They were all about strengthening it and reinforcing the peace that rests within.”
But they had success this night. The boys had hidden outside the barn and Sam and Dean could bring them back to their mother the following day. Those were the good memories.
“You’re wrong, you know,” Dean says over dinner on Tuesday.
“Turn around,” Cas says. “Put that ass in the air and show me how open you got it.”
Dean laughs. “Told you you’ve got nothing to be jealous over, sweetheart.”
Dean opens his mouth, but he doesn’t get the chance to thank Cas before his hand squeezes tighter in warning.
This chapter is for
“You knocked over my drink,” he says, slowly, “So I said
He probably should plead with her, but instead he turns and storms to the door, slamming it shut behind him with everything he’s got. Before he knows it, he’s in the Impala, parked outside of Cas’ house. He sits there, staring straight ahead, for what seems like ages, before his phone beeps.
“Yes, Daddy!” Dean shouts, heels thrumming uselessly against the bed. “Thank you, Daddy!”
Dean’s shuddering, vibrating, hands opening and clenching on his thighs.
Time passes, and then he blinks against the wall, drawing a deep breath as his knees tell him he’s too old for this shit, his neck stiff and sore. Still feeling small and raw, he does actually think about it. Thinks of Cas’s face when he came home, thinks of the shards of ceramic on the floor, thinks of scalding tea seeping into Cas’s socks. Thinks of Cas opening the door for police officers.
“But you’re not begging for cock are you? You want me to hurt you.”
Really, what good luck he has his pal,
“There you go. You’re amazing, pet. Such a good pet.”
There’s silence for a long, long moment.
Cas has straightened and is looking at Dean intently. “That’s a very good question.”
“Thirsty?” Cas asks, and the concern in his voice is definitely mocking now. “Let me grab you some water, baby. You just sit there.”
Cas has his cock in his hand, and Dean opens his mouth, but Cas just stares at him, fucking his fist and Dean shuffles closer, crosses his wrists behind his back and whines, begging to be used. Instead, Cas grunts as he comes into his own cupped hand and fresh tears flow freely down Dean’s cheeks.
Dean’s face itches, his butt and thighs throb with pain, and he fights not to cry more as he leans his forehead against the wallpaper. Crying will only mean more time spent in the corner. It’s hard though, because the room feels empty behind him and Dean feels so small, so worthless.
“I’m humping the bed, and you’re watching, and I can’t hide, and it’s embarrassing, alright? It’s as if I’m so horny I can’t control myself.”
“I hate it.” Cas looks startled at his own words, cheeks flushing a ruddy red.
They stare at each other.
Dean suddenly can’t make his eyes leave the floor. “Not really.”
So he does exactly what he’d decided not to.
Cas leaves. Dean stays.
His hands work suddenly and he’s pulling Cas’ shirt out of his slacks to try to get more skin against his own, and then Cas growls again, but this time it’s a frustrated noise, and he’s shoving Dean up the stairs. Dean goes willingly, scrambling up the stairs, Cas right behind him. They kiss again on the landing, and Dean manages to untuck Cas’ shirt the rest of the way.
“It’s embarrassing.”
“Thank you, Anna.”
Cas’s hands shake as he smears mayo on the bread. Dean eyes the corner. He’d much rather be there, nose against the plaster, than here, on a chair by the counter, watching Cas struggle to keep it together.
Cas picks up the contract and holds it up to his mouth. “Spit.”
“Hands above your head, sweetheart,” Cas says.
Cas doesn’t tease after that, he’s sucking and licking and Dean holds on, clenching his jaw and arching his back, until Cas comes up for air and Dean tugs his hair, because he just realised Cas is still wearing his boxers and those definitely need to come off
(i love them)
“Didn’t think I’d ever see your face again.”
The sound on the TV goes back up again. Impulsively, Dean kisses the belt before gently placing it on the floor and crawling over to an empty corner. He grasps his elbows behind his back and leans forward, pressing his nose against the wall.
The tears spill over, running down the sides of his face.
Dean closes his eyes and leans back, still breathless, lungs burning, and tries. Goddamn him, he tries to relax, and then Castiel lets his nose go and the breath he’s been holding explodes out even as he tries to draw a new one, the world swimming around him. He’s barely aware that Castiel is nudging yet another set of books away from beneath him, but he definitely notices when the dildo slides even further up inside him.
“Yes, Daddy,” he breathes out.
“Make it really hurt?”
A few minutes later, Cas dozes off. It’s not even five, so Dean lies there, watching Cas sleep. There’s no way he’s sleeping now, body still humming with left-over adrenaline. Cas is gorgeous as he sleeps, hair tousled on one side, flat against the pillow on the other. His nose scrunches up slightly when Dean presses dry kisses to his forehead and strokes his cheekbone. A half hour later, he wakes Cas with soft kisses and Cas smiles at him, wide and joyful.
“That’s not fair!”
When Dad
“You… don’t want cuddles?” he asks, looking slightly lost.
So he does, staring at the carpet and tilting his ass up for all and sundry (Castiel) to see. Fingers smooth over his back, hands palm over his ass and upper thighs for a long few minutes, before pulling one cheek aside to
“Tell me why I punished you,” he says into Dean’s hair.
Cas tsks behind him. “It’s all hard again, boy.”
“Neither did I,” Dean says, and walks over.
Cas makes a pleased sound, which is everything good that's ever happened in Dean’s life packed into one hum.
Dean will hide his feels in his locker
It’s the first real peace he’s felt in months.
Cas cuts the rope tied to Dean’s balls, yanks the chair around and pushes his cock against Dean’s lips, tugging him forward until the rope collar digs into his neck. He starts out soft, but hardens fast against Dean’s tongue, thick and salty as he pushes inside him. Between Cas’s cock and the collar tied to the back of the chair, Dean is helpless and breathless as Cas pounds into him with absolutely no regard for Dean’s comfort. He’s taking his pleasure from Dean’s mouth, using him like a true cocksleeve, and Dean’s heart sings.
“Why not?” Cas ran a hand over his stubble, bemused.
The Impala sat at the edge of the Grand Canyon.
Dean couldn’t believe it. He’s been bruised, bloodied, and broken, and now, as he stared up at the ceiling with a dry mouth, he felt painfully clearly the indignity of his situation.
Cas thought for a moment, trying to form his words. “I’m an Angel of the Lord. Or at least I was. I’ve died a few times; you’ve been to hell. Dean, we’re soldiers.” Dean clenched his jaw. “And you’re being so...” Cas’ lips stayed in an ‘o’ shape for a few moments before he finished, “gentle.”
“Really, cause you seem kind of-” God, who knows what he’d have said if Cas hadn’t interrupted him.
"Yes, Cas," Dean muttered against the angel's jaw. He was uncomfortably rock hard now, and grinded up, making Cas chuckle.
Dean introduced Cas to Led Zeppelin.
Lemme know what you thought! ;)
I licked a stripe along his pink entrance, fascinated by the way his eyes rolled back in his head at the sensation. I circled my tongue around the hole, wetting it thoroughly before poking my tongue inside. He groaned above me. He sounded almost...surprised. I sucked on my finger for a moment before breaching his entrance slowly. His muscles clenched up, but I stayed perfectly still. My own arousal was clouding my mind, desperate to be touched, but I would not hurt him. I wiggled the finger, adding my tongue back to soothe the hurt.
“Dean…” Sam’s gaze flickered between the hunter and Cas for an imperceptible second before he suggested awkwardly, “Are you sure you’re not gonna put this to use yourself?”
“Good.” Sam nodded.
"Dean?" I said his name like it was a magic word that could bring him back to me. (Little did I know I was the one who was lost.)
It took me a moment to realize that he meant the bees. "You're right. I should return them to their homes." I snapped my fingers, bidding them a silent farewell. When they were gone, the field seemed emptier, and the distance between Dean and I was now stark, obvious.
They untangled from each other and then Cas was kneeling in front of him, propped up on his elbows like a goddamn birthday cake. Dean let out a low whistle, before spreading Cas’ ass cheeks with his hands and plunging his tongue into Cas’ entrance. “Fuck,” Cas moaned. Dean chuckled darkly, the vibrations making Cas keen. This was damn near the dirtiest thing he’d ever done – no, this
He gave the Christmas tree a once over, in all its ramshackle glory. He hadn’t expected Sam to be home, not really, but there was still a cold spot in the bottom of his stomach. Damnit, where was Cas?
"Um, yeah, about that..." Dean trailed off. "Whatever, you can borrow one of mine. Come on!"
“No.”
“Dean, what are you guys doing here? My plane’s not til tomorrow.” Sam surveyed his brother and the angel and couldn’t help but notice that they were standing awfully close. Then again, they always did.
Cas blinked once. “I… don’t understand.”
“...Maybe.” But Dean’s rolling over, and Castiel, shield of God, is turning his nature to more worthy work. He holds Dean around his middle and watches him as he slides into sleep.
I didn't hold back. Everything I had lost, every part of myself that was gone, I took it back in him, with seizing hot pleasure and nails up my back and beautiful curses.
Cas smiled and nodded, following him down the hallway. Sam was eating a sandwich by the cooler. He gave Dean and Cas a knowing smile that Dean didn’t like.
“Didn’t it occur to you there might be an
Cas nodded against his chest, and tightened his grip on Dean. “Thank you.”
“We’re happy, aren’t we?” Dean nearly stopped breathing at the simple question. Cas wasn’t even looking at him anymore, he was looking at each leaf like it were a little miracle.
“Garage in fifteen. Got something to show you that doesn’t smell like musty romance novels,” Dean muttered, retreating to his room. He could’ve sworn he heard Sam mutter something like,
"Broken," he ever-so-helpfully supplied, and I saw his face twist when he said it.
Dean’s eyebrows raised. “You mean like, it cosmically balances or something? Like, for every moment of depression there’s one of happiness?”
was cut off by, “You’re into dudes?”
“If you start comparing me to a rose, I’ll-” he couldn’t think of a suitable threat. “I have an arsenal in the trunk,” he muttered.
All those times, Cas had stayed, because they needed each other. Cas wouldn’t leave, not like this, not after everything. Things had changed. He gritted his teeth.
A furrow appeared in Dean’s brow. “They want you as like, a rogue hunter or something? After they took away your ability to kill using your mojo? Are you sure you… I mean, signing up for thousands upon thousands of years of
More tears started welling up, eager to take their companion’s place. “Fuck.” So Cas was gone. That was… that was fine, wasn’t it? Cas had wings. He could fly wherever the hell he wanted, Dean had always told him that, from the beginning. He wasn’t under any obligation to stay. He probably just got bored of Dean’s mortal charms, or something, and was off on an angel safari. And if he was doing that, then there was a chance he’d come back. Right.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed.
In fifteen minutes sharp, Cas strode into the garage. Dean tossed the jacket to him. “Suit up, leave the trench coat here.”
Take another little piece of my heart now, baby.
“I thought you would.” Dean was pretty sure Cas’ pumpkin held an enochian sigil of some kind, but he had no idea what it meant. Instead of asking Cas, he committed it to memory. Dean grinned, and he and Cas’ hands brushed in the dark field.
It was a few moments later when I realize my hand was still on his cheek, and that I was staring at him. He looked back at me, and his expression was mercifully blank for a while. There was a question in his gaze, but I didn't know the correct answer. His eyes were green, so very green. I had gotten lost in them so many times. I didn't move, didn't dare even breathe. Anything could upset this fragile balance, this fragment of time in the course of history which seemed to me more sublime than all the rest put together. I was touching him, he was letting himself be touched; it was simple and human and I did not wish for it to stop.
Dean smiled slowly. “It’s Halloween, Cas. You didn’t know that?”
Dean spits out his coffee. It burns at his navel. Cas heals him, but his ears are still ringing. “Hundreds?” He squeaks.
Cas nodded slowly, a smile forming that looked like it had been carried all the way from hell and back. Which, Dean supposed, it had. It was then that he resolved he would show Cas he loved him in an utterly human way. Small things, every day. No matter how hard it’d be to battle down that wrenching fear in his chest. Almost imperceptible changes to show that damn angel he needed him.
Dean didn’t know the answer. “Cas,” he said instead. And oh, he was ready. Ready to let the words loose and let it all go. “C’mere. I’m cold.”
That was what undid him, that final feeling of being held close while Cas was inside him, while Cas let his wings show, and he cried out
“Cas,” Dean whined.
"Shut up. You were the only angel who loved this world. You did what God himself couldn't do. If you think that’s not
Complete: chapters will be posted biweekly.
"Guess I just wanted to see if any of your marbles were left," he said bitterly.
I wanted him to understand how I felt, but knowing it wouldn't change anything, he couldn't bear that. He was trying to make it something less than it was, something filthy and wrong, and like I was only there for his pleasure.
Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s, his thumb playing over the knuckles. Dean shivered, and not entirely from the cold. He wanted to bury himself in Cas’ light, lingering touches.
“It’s fucking snowing, angel.” Stupid nickname. He thought he caught a small smile flicker across Cas’ face before he pressed his nose up to the glass like a little kid. “Come on, we’re going out.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, and there was an edge to his voice, like he knew Dean wasn’t telling him something.
It felt so good. It felt like destiny, because how could it ever have been any other way?
Dean’s brow furrowed, but he hooked a right and they swerved onto the junction. “The bar?” he asked.
I will be posting more canon compliant, emotional smut in the same series, so hit the subscribe button!
"Maybe you got used to a certain kind of celebration during your years on the road." Dean blinked at the thought that his 'years on the road' were over.
But then, the slight frown melted away from Cas' face and he smiled. Someone who didn't know him wouldn't have recognized it as a smile, per say, because it was so small, but it was there nonetheless. "I know." He said, his voice husky with the morning.
“Mostly.” Cas repeated, squinting.
Dean smirked, and spun around. “Merry Christmas, Cas.” He trailed a finger down Cas’ cheek. It was amazing how second nature these touches had become, these touches that before their time at the bunker had been largely forbidden. He was about to lean in and press a quick kiss to Cas’ lips when he noticed a familiar, over-large frame in the doorway, complete with floppy brown hair. “Sam!” Dean let out a sharp breath, too shocked at his brother’s appearance to worry about the fact Sam had just seen him fucking
Not entirely to his surprise, Castiel was sitting on the floor. Clasped in his hands was a slim book, and he looked almost naked without the long trench coat. Dean stood frozen in the doorway, met with the familiar thought,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipqqEFoJPL4
With a heavy heart, he grabbed his jacket and walked outside. Sam was begging and he hadn't asked for anything from Dean since the start of all of this. Still, something pounded at the base of his throat as he thought of Cas waking up alone. Or... Or worse. He stopped in his tracks in the dark hallway. What if - fucking hell - if Cas took his last breath and he was alone? Dying like a wounded soldier far from home?
Then Cas says, “You kissed me.”
“Castiel,” Dean whispered in a husky voice.
Another shot rang out, and Dean pulled off to ask, “Where’d it land?”
it, so badly. And Cas could always tell when he wanted something. “That would be dangerous. I’m not sure how we could…” Cas stopped. “There might be a way, but I’m far from sure. It could end up killing one or both of us, Dean.” Cas looked away.
Cas looked down at him, chest heaving, cheeks deliciously flushed. And Dean barely had time to think that he wasn’t even
Cas offered a sigh. Dean sat down by his side, and after a brief moment of hesitation Cas shuffled closer, until their shoulders pressed together. The contact felt… safe. Dean chewed his lip for a few moments, before crawling on his knees over to the cassette deck. He knew the cassette he was looking for, even if he wasn’t sure he wanted to find it. He returned to Cas’ side, sitting just as close as he had been before.
“Harder,” Cas growled, and Dean started to snap his hips into the angel, fucking him until he found his prostate, until Cas was babbling and groaning. “Dean, yes, Dean. You feel so good. Inside me. You’re all… oh… yes, fuck.” He wrapped his legs around Dean, letting Dean pound into him.
Dean ran a hand through Cas’ hair, and didn’t answer. He didn’t think he needed to. “I feel like a goddamn teenager,” he said, staring down at their come spattered shirts.
Sam looked at him, sniffed and then said indignantly, “So did you.”
He swallowed hard. "What if we could make him care?"
Sam’s sitting in the corner, steepling his fingers. “What makes Cas Cas?”
“Okay. Let’s get this show on the road.”
The portal was closed. Amara held her brother's head in her lap. All around her, soot-gray vines and flowers grew apace, and from somewhere below he could hear water flowing. He stopped short. She was making her own garden.
he raged silently. There could be a thousand reasons Cas had left. Seriously. Maybe he wasn’t even gone. Maybe he was outside, or was locked in some room somewhere, reading. He hadn’t even looked. Maybe Cas just went out, or got bored of watching Dean sleep – that was perfectly possible, right? Maybe he was off somewhere, watching the bees.
The answer, as it turns out, is enough. Two weeks later, Dean hangs up his boots. He stops hunting. The guns stay only as displays for the walls. When Sam asks about it, all he says is, “I gave it everything, man. For years. Now everything is too much to give it.”
“Yes,” Cas whispered, and his voice sounded strained. Dean tried to blink his eyes open, but they ached as soon as he did so. “Don’t,” Cas murmured shortly, and a cool, dripping cloth was laid across his eyes, encasing everything in a layer of cool, black velvet. Dean twitched his hand from where it clutched the blanket, looking for something, reassurance, warmth, maybe.
Cas nodded. “One minute,” and he ducked into their room to get something. Dean watched him go, the last chorus of the Byrds’ song echoing through his head, and a smile spread across his face.
A short time later, Dean was laughing his face off, rose petals littering he and Cas’ chests. He might have been exasperated that his life was turning into a rom-com, but roses carried a bittersweet feeling for him. Although he now associated them, however reluctantly, with the best night of his life, he could also think of Cas, insane, alone, sitting in the Berkeley Rose Gardens and wishing
Dean was confused for a moment, before he caught Cas’ drift. Clapping the squinting angel on the back, he climbed into the driver’s seat. “You just don’t. K?”
Cas cocks his head to one side. “I don’t think autism can be induced.”
Little drops of rain whisper of the pain
Cas’ lips twitched, but instead of commenting, he slid one of the two rings onto Dean’s finger. Dean watched it with a fierce happiness kindling inside. “I think that means you’re going to have to take mine.”
“Don’t want you bringing any rugrats home any time soon.” He winked. “No, that’s not it,” he relented. “Here.” He handed Sam a smaller box which he’d held behind his back. “Look, I don’t know if it’s really appropriate or not, but even if it’s not, seems like you ought to be the one to have it.” Sam peered inside, and his jaw dropped.
It was New Year’s Eve. Dean had suggested they get a few of their own fireworks and set them off from the bunker roof, but Sam had reluctantly insisted it might damage the warding or attract unwanted attention. Dean had scoffed. So it came about that they stood on the roof, watching fireworks go up as the clock strike midnight, all across Kansas. Sam was grinning like a kid and Cas was awestruck. The light from the fireworks reflected in his eyes, and Dean wanted nothing more than to reach over, tilt his chin towards Dean and claim those beautiful lips as his own. Which nothing was technically stopping him from doing, except the plans he’d have for after that kiss and the fact his little brother was standing nearby. Sam hadn’t been thrilled when he walked into Dean’s room a few days back only to discover Cas on his knees in the middle of a rather intimate act. Since then, the door had remained firmly locked and Sam had glared at them whenever they kissed with anything more than chaste affection, as if to say, ‘Don’t you two start again.’
Cas sighed. “I apologize.” He sat up, and with a wave of his hand, the daisies disappeared. Dean frowned for a moment before he saw the picked daisies taking root again, growing once more. When Dean stared at them, watching them, desperately trying to decide if he minded being compared to them, Cas said, “I resurrected them.”
“There are so many more places,” Cas said, “But the sun sets early, and I want to take you back somewhere before it does.”
I was mesmerized, lost in him. I came in his mouth, undone by the swirling flutter of his tongue on the underside of my cock. I ran a hand through his soft brown hair as he pulled off, licking his lips and looking up at me. All was forgotten.
“Of course,” Dean says, a line appearing between his eyebrows. “What, you don’t remember or something?”
He was certain of it when Dean slumped against him up on the roof and asked if it was OK. Dean needed love and kindness, and like a misguided child, would use whatever means were at his disposal to keep that. Cas wished he could tell Dean that his love was infinite, unconditional, a wellspring that would go on forever because nothing had the strength to stop it up. That Dean didn’t need to kiss him to keep it.
“Tulips close at night and open in the morning. I suppose you’re like a tulip, too, then; hiding sometimes, but other times opening yourself to me.” Dean shivered at the wording. But still, he didn’t understand why Cas felt the need to compare him to flowers. “You’re not just a flower, though. You have the capacity for death, destruction, and great endurance.” Dean opened his mouth, but no words came. “Some flowers will hold on in very adverse conditions,” Cas informed him. “Amazing, really. You’re on fire, Dean. Beautiful. Bright. Fragile and I…” Cas stroked a thumb over Dean’s cheek, and Dean felt the touch like it cut through to the bare bone, soothed the parts of him inside that wanted to protest at Cas’ descriptions. “Imagine it, Dean. A human loving a flower. Loving it to the obliteration, the abandonment of all else, because the human saw something worthwhile, something valuable, some one-in-a million spark in that flower. Saw something that went beyond the mere nature of a flower, something about that flower that made it
Dean pulled away when Sam started cheering, and shot his brother a filthy look.
"I have to." The taller man steadied himself. "You know he might not wake up. And you need to be ready for that." With that, Sam took his leave, clasping the empty whisky bottle in his hand as he went.
I mean, you never get to watch the bees, really, do you?”
understand. But it’s kinda common knowledge you shouldn’t cage something with wings,” Dean said, closing his eyes. That sounded like a quote, but he doesn’t remember where from. Rambling. He was rambling, about his feelings of all things.
Dean woke up in the middle of the night, with a buzzing in his chest. He didn’t know any other way to describe it. He carded his hand through Cas’ dusky black hair, and Cas opened his eyes. Sometimes Dean forgot Cas didn’t sleep. They were tangled together from the night before, Cas draped over Dean’s chest. Dark blue pools stared up at him, lazy contentment slowly swirling away, replaced with honest contemplation.
“Give the guy a break,” Sam piped up.
"No Cas, you were right the first time. But my car's my baby." Cas nodded, his face a picture of deep understanding. Dean let out a low chuckle.
Cas walked deeper into the water until it lapped at his collarbone. Dean followed a little more slowly, but eventually he stood by Cas’ side. “You know, I’d say you’re using the word ‘swimming’ a little loosely,” Dean said into the silence.
They kissed once more, soft and almost chaste.
Dean laughed. “We’re not hunting. There’s nothing miles around, for one thing. Nearest report sounds like a werewolf in the Grand Canyon.”
“And you know what?” he turned to me, a small smile tugging at his lips, rich with something I didn’t understand. “You would’ve still been a virgin. How messed up is that?”
Dean frowned.
“I believe you said something about not going to bed until you’d goddamn kissed me goodnight.” Cas dropped his exaggerated air quote fingers while Dean closed his eyes. Fuck, he was starting to remember that. The worst part about his entire life becoming a chickflick was that he didn’t even seem to mind that much.
“Yes. Isn’t it beautiful?” Castiel asked with a warm smile. “It’s for those who have lost faith, but wish to find it again. I don’t know who enchanted it, but it must have been quite some time ago. Perhaps a white witch with an angel’s assistance,” he said thoughtfully. “They probably died and the enchantment was left, but with no one to maintain it, the garden grew out of control.” Dean stared around, trying to digest the information.
Cas snapped his fingers, and the Impala stereo crackled into existence, a high guitar riff making itself present. Dean laughed. “Is that…”
he was. For what had become of me. I clenched my jaw. I couldn't say it. Not now.
Cas looks less sure now than he did a moment ago. “I felt your fear.”
Cas sighed, and rested his head on Dean’s. The answer hit Dean right in the core of him and still, he couldn’t be angry. Could only watch as Cas stopped him from wiping his own tears away. “Because I couldn’t bear for you to try to stop me, and I couldn’t bear to stay only to eventually slip away.”
Cas blinked and obliged, folding his jacket and shirt in a pile. Dean let his gaze roam across the angel’s leanly muscled chest, the fading marks Dean had sucked into his neck, the soft curls of hair peeking up from below his jeans. Dean smirked when he saw how hard the angel was, bulging in his jeans. Slowly, he reached a hand around his penis and began to stroke himself. Cas licked his lips, and Dean restrained himself from moaning.
“I missed dreams,” Castiel spoke finally. “It was a good dream, Dean.”
Oh, and I do not recommend that you suck off your partner while at a gun range or in proximity with lethal weapons. Although I myself would think that sounds pretty hot. ;)
Oh, Cas. “Listen to me.” Dean said, gritting his teeth. That painful ache in the back of his throat was not tears wanting to come, he was not going to cry now. “You’re a hero.” Cas let out a low laugh. “What you did wrong, you did it because you cared too much. You tried to do right and that’s the damned best thing any of us ever do. So don’t go out there because you think you’re a bad angel and want to get reinstated as heaven’s bitch, and don’t go out there because you think you failed.” Cas’ face morphed into a tiny flicker of a frown.
“That’s joy, Cas.” Dean grinned, and pressed a kiss to Cas’ neck.
Cas reluctantly spun around in Dean’s arms, and clasped his hands at the back of Dean’s neck. Dean blinked, surprised at how naturally the position came. He said, “All right. I know how to waltz, but this isn’t really a waltz, so let’s just start off slow and see what happens.” Dean grinned.
“Well yeah, but you can’t just-” Cas pulled the photo out, and blew on it like Sam had told him, watching the ink dry with a satisfied expression. Dean shut up. Cas was going to do whatever the hell he wanted with that thing if he liked it so much. Cas looked down at the photo, smiled so it made Dean’s heart ache, and folded it before shoving it in his trench coat pocket.
Dean grinned. “I think that can be arranged.” And he pulled Cas on top of him, relishing the solid weight on top of him. They kissed hotly, grinding against each other, every heightened sensation sending thrills through them. Dean came with his jeans around his knees and boxers not much behind, still mostly clothed, sent over the edge by the rough strokes of Cas’ hand. Cas wasn’t far behind, rocking into the hollow between Dean’s hip and his stomach, shooting come over their chests.
“Too much?”
Dean flushes again, but he can’t quite bring himself to try close his legs. He wants too much. Drool drops silently from the ball gag, his jaw aches slightly and the straps are firm around his head. They feel like they’re all that’s holding him together. They feel like they’re an extension of Castiel, firm and everywhere, wrapping him up tight and safe, even as he groans and keens with the fingers in his ass, the dull ache from the stretching making him harder. He closes his eyes and relaxes, leaving the world and himself and everything to Castiel to worry about, floating in the semi-darkness behind his eyelids until Castiel withdraws, leaving him untethered.
Neither of them care about the mess or the sheets as Cas draws him in and Dean goes, burying his face in Cas’s chest.
Dean’s hands feel like lead, but being curled up in Cas’s lap is kind of nice, even if his ass and thighs are on fire, throbbing with pain. When he calms, Cas rolls him over and runs his fingers along what must be spectacular bruises. He dabs alcohol over a few spots where the cane broke skin, making Dean hiss. He arches his back, inviting. A finger slides between his cheeks, rubs over Dean's hole and he knows Cas must be so hard in his pants.
The very first time it happens, Castiel’s not prepared.
!! BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE !!
“Keep talking,” Cas grunts.
Dean nods, shame and guilt warring with the orgasm coiling in his stomach.
“I was going to let you come in my mouth,” he says, and okay, Dean isn’t the only one with a voice shot to hell now. “I was going to be nice to you. Would you like that? Fuck my mouth with my fingers in your ass, like a good boy?”
“Go on,” Cas says, and swats his butt before moving away.
“Good. Now, lick the floor clean, you've slobbered all over it.”
“I can’t get it off,” he says. “I tried, I can’t get it off, Daddy, I couldn’t stand it, I need, I need…” he stops and sobs.
Cas stiffens, then pulls back. Dean’s not proud of the sound he makes, this tiny wet whimper in the back of his throat. Cas waits patiently until Dean manages to look up at him.
“That was a very, very stupid idea, pet.”
“Honey
“Do you want to watch this from the corner?”
Dean snorts. “No ones. Couple’s therapy, remember? No daddy issues in sight.”
The last bit comes out as a shout, and Dean flinches.
“Another finger already? That really is a greedy ass, dear god. Maybe it needs an owner too.” Cas has gone slightly hoarse, but he looks the same, squinty eyes and tousled hair, and Dean loves him so, so much.
“What rules did you break?” Cas is merciless.
He’s never, ever telling Sam about yoga.
Cas pulls back, looking searchingly at Dean. It’s been a while since they played, closer to a month probably, because something, something he can’t put a finger on, is going on. Even now, there’s not the usual eagerness in Dean’s eyes, but a darker, dangerous glint. Perhaps he should refuse, should avoid it, but he doesn’t, curious to see where this takes them. See, the thing is, he trusts Dean. He knows Dean. It’s been two years since that first kiss, that first, slightly awkward, stumble of slightly too much alcohol and a very handily placed wall. They’ve hashed out
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nods. They take turns in the bathroom. Cas makes him eat breakfast, too, but it’s all sawdust to Dean. Then, they move to the living room, sitting silently next to each other on the couch.
They fall asleep like that.
He pushed himself up, keeping his eyes on the floor.
“Hey, fuck you, this has nothing to do with Dad.”
Dean swallows, but doesn’t move. “Noted.”
Fireworks crackle outside the house, distant bangs from the open window.
Cas looks at Crowley, who shrugs, and then Dean is flailing before landing face down, ass up over Cas’s knee. Cas’s hands settle on him, keeping him steady.
“I love you,” Dean says, “I love you, I love you,” pressing the words into Cas’s skin.
Cas steps away. “Now, talk.”
Turning around from where he’d been kneeling on the bed and seeing the cane on the floor,  Cas slumped against their dresser, head buried against his knees, shoulders heaving, he just knows this is going to be another one.
Cas finds him on his knees, hunched forward, tears still stinging his eyes.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Cas says.
Dean nods, but he’s uncertain. “Not as good as you can.”
“Please, no more,” Dean begs.
He pats the bed beside the thing and Dean’s moving without being aware of it. His eyes are stuck on the purple, now five inches from his eyes, and Castiel’s hands on his ass takes him by surprise. Castiel pats his hip.
“Yes, you did. What does that make you?”
He doesn’t speak during the second minute either, only pressing the button after glaring daggers at Cas.
“No, I’m intrigued,” Cas says. “I want to know all about your filthy little mind. Why do you think you need to earn it?”
A week later Dean slams open Crowley’s door as soon as the previous client has left.
The guy stands awkwardly for a moment while the high schoolers leave, and Dean tracks him silently. Then he turns and looks around the coffee shop, before spotting Dean.
“Why wouldn’t it matter?” Cas sounds astounded in a way that makes Dean’s chest ache. “I don’t get how you could think
“When I break the rules, you punish me,” Dean says, confused, lowering his hands into his lap.
Dean nods, avoiding Cas’s eyes.
“Again.”
His need impossible to mistake
Then he does, hands clasped, eyes closed. “Oh Lord, who guides us and gives us strength!”
Dean can only sob in reply, his ass throbbing and pulsing as Cas pulls out his fingers.
“Always.” Crowley grins toothily. “Shall we?”
“Ah,” says a voice from the door. “Hello, boys.”
At twenty, Dean is limp, his back and thighs a deep red, with brighter marks from the narrower whip, sweat nestling in the dimples above his butt, his hair damp - and, when Castiel reaches up to release the restraints, Dean’s face is wet with silent tears. Dean doesn’t open his eyes, doesn’t sob, doesn’t do more than silently and limply tremble as Cas unbuckles the other restraint, wraps an arm around Dean’s chest and takes two steps to a love-seat near the cross. He lowers Dean to the floor - not unkindly, but perfunctorily.
“Nothing, sir,” Dean says. “Nope. Nothing at all.”
That’s when the tears come. Silently and suddenly, Dean blinks and finds he’s leaking all over Cas’s shoulder. He can’t stop. He doesn’t even have words for it, but he’s shaking, breath hitching in quiet sobs.
In the bedroom he chucked his clothes off, only dimly aware enough to shove them onto a chair instead of a pile on the floor. The room was light and fairly large, but the four poster bed made it seem smaller. Neither of them had particularly wanted a four poster bed, but they’d found it cheap and after a few modifications, it’d been an easier option than setting up hooks in the apartment they had rented at the time. He stood naked at the foot of it, reaching out to grasp each post at shoulder height. He’d asked. Castiel had promised. He tensed his shoulders, then relaxed and rolled his neck.
Their therapist flinches in the most miniscule way.
“Why I didn’t tell you?” Dean laughs again, but it comes out more like a sob. “It never mattered before.
“I’ve failed you,” he says wetly, then shakes his head as Dean opens his mouth. “No, wait, hear me out. I’ve clearly failed you, if you don’t think you can, or should, tell me things. I’ve let you run the show, I’ve done as you’ve asked with the kink and the bondage, because I thought we were both happy with that.”
“Well done, pet.” Cas says, stroking his cheek.
“Why did you go see Crowley?” Cas asks out of the blue.
“Good boy,” Cas whispers, and Dean sees him hit a few buttons on the remote.
After clean-up, Cas gathers him close and cards his fingers through Dean’s short hair.
Dean lets his come pool there, obediently keeping his mouth open as Cas’s breathing slows.
“Nothing, nothing, I swear!”
“It’s stupid.”
“Thank you, Daddy,” Dean says, and holy crap, his voice is shot to all hell now.
Dean kneels on the lawn, the afternoon sun warm on his back.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, voice low.
“Much better,” Cas sounds like he’s smiling. “He’s an idiot, but he’s my idiot.”
In a field.
“It’s clearly something.” Cas squints at him. “Do I need to force you?”
Limbs flailing, he bolts from Cas’s lap, scrambles up the stairs as Cas follows, calling for him. He rushes into their bedroom, flings open the bathroom door and manages to toss half the contents of their bathroom cabinet on the floor before his hand closes around a small box.
One stroke, then two, and off he goes
Daddy’s got him.
“You squeeze so good around my fingers. Maybe I should put you on my lap and zapp you until I come,” he muses. “Another time.”
“Yep,” Dean agrees, looking towards the lake.
Cas picks up the bottle with hot sauce, tosses it from hand to hand as he leans back against the fridge.
“Fetch it.”
“On my ass?”
“Swallow,” Cas says, and Dean does. “There’s a good boy. What do you say?”
“Good. Now, talk.”
Castiel climbs onto the bed behind him and Dean hears him settle against the pillows. Castiel hums contentedly.
“I thought… I thought of you like that, living under my thumb, forever… and I wanted it. I wanted to be your everything; your king, your ruler, your God. It was terrifying. It felt as though you were asking the world of me and I wanted to give it to you, but what’s the cost of something like that? I left, because I could have taken it, taken you, and crushed you. I thought...” Cas stops himself again and studies their hands. “I would rather leave you as you are, than ruin you.”
hating it, Cas. If that makes me fucked up, then fine, I'll be fucked up, but can't I be fucked up and safe about it?”
He texts Cas to check.
Fuck.
“Hi,” he says.
talk about this, Dean.” There wasn’t an inch of give in that voice, and Dean nodded jerkily to show he’d understood. Yes. They’d talk about it. They always did.
“Nothing good ever comes out of you googling stuff,” Dean mutters, ducking back in because now he has shampoo in his eye too. Gosh darn it. “Lay it on me, sweetcheeks,” he calls over his shoulder when Cas goes quiet.
“How dare you!” she screams, her blonde hair fanning out around her as she turns. “How
“I can feel that,” Dean grouches. “Ow.” Cas digs in a finger into a bruise and Dean jerks. “No, no, no ‘tude, I swear.”
“Come,” Cas mutters, and Dean does, the world going white and fantastic around him and he spurts into the sheets and writhes as Cas keeps touching him, slips lubed fingers into his ass and rubs his prostate and the tip of his cock in a way that’s too much, far too much, painful and awful and glorious, and exactly what he wants.
Tags: Floggers, pre-negotiated scenes (like, off screen),  they totally have a safeword, Dean's self-esteem sucks, no orgasms, no sex.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Cas asks from behind him, a hand gripping his elbow.
Dean nods. “Yes, Daddy.”
It’s slow, addicting kisses that start out chaste and deepen until Dean’s floating freely, Cas pressing him tightly against the cold door. It goes on forever, but not long enough, and Dean whines, chasing after Cas’s lips when he pulls back. He’s hard as all hell, hips moving in restless, shallow thrusts up against where Cas’s thigh is pressed between his legs.
Dean groans, reaching up for the stupid tie and yanking Cas down towards him. Their teeth click, but that’s okay, that’s just fine, because they’re kissing again and Cas does that thing where he bites Dean’s lower lip and then drags his teeth over Dean’s jaw and Dean’s sure if he had some objection before, he sure as hell doesn’t now. Now that he knows how Cas kisses, now that he knows the heat of Cas’ breath against his own. He’s so, so utterly
“Oh, so I’m not awake right now, because you couldn’t sleep because you’re so horny? I’m not here, watching you grind your needy cock against the bed?”
. It wasn’t like Castiel demanded anything elaborate, or even fucking courteous, just for him to ask, anyway possible. Castiel put his mug down and just... waited, fixing Dean with that calm stare that sent shivers up his spine. It shouldn’t be possible for someone to make him feel nailed to the ground by just staring at him, especially not someone wearing such a godawful sweater, but here he was, unable to move, body tense and one step away from turning around, walking straight out the door and heading to the closest bar, because the only thing left after this was whiskey and a brawl. He grinned mockingly, spreading his arms wide.
“Please sir,” Dean gasps, pushing against that finger. “Please sir, I really need some lube so I can open my fuck hole for you, sir, please. I’ll open it so good, make it really wet so that you can fuck it anyway you want, do anything you want to it.”
hot and hard, so very hard, and his hips against Dean's abused ass and thighs is awful. He's crying again, pleading with Cas in broken words, entirely unable to move.
He falls on the tiles, screaming, the electricity punching through him as Cas steps through the door. Cas stands there, and through the tears running down his cheeks, he can see Cas’s hardon thick in his pants.
“I don’t think you should be this familiar, boy. Try again.”
Slowly, Dean raises them up, Cas’s large hand pinning them there. He groans, thrusting harder, the silk against denim delicious and terrible and amazing and oh, god.
“Therapy, it’s a good idea,” Cas repeats, uncapping his shampoo bottle.
Cas pets his forehead, fingers gentle against Dean’s ear. “See, I have this theory. It goes like this: You’re a dirty boy. You’re going to piss yourself, right here, in the kitchen, and then I’m going to use you while you’re covered in your own piss and filth - and you’re going to love it.”
“Where would I have used it on you?”
“Go on,” Cas says sweetly, “Finish up, then we’ll talk.”
“I want you to discipline my hole,” Dean says. “It’s so greedy, Daddy, it wants you all the time!” On impulse, he turns around and spreads his cheeks, face to the floor. “Look how empty it is,” he whines. “My mouth is empty too, but my ass… it needs you, needs you to fill it and come in it and use it and hurt it so it doesn’t forget it’s manners.” He rubs dry fingers against his hole, whimpering. “I can’t stop it, Daddy, I can’t! I need you!”
He makes it about five steps, when Cas’ hand clenches around his shoulder and it’s only Dean’s desperate wish to not hurt his best friend that means he turns without swinging a punch.
“I didn’t sign up for this.”
Dean’s on fire, he’s one giant nerve ending and he groans around the fingers in his mouth, sucking desperately on them before coating them in as much spit as he can. He’s shaking by the time he reaches back and presses them against his hole.
Dean nods, fervently. “Yes, please, Daddy.”
Dean’s face must show his confusion, because Cas reaches in, turns the tap off, then leans back against the cabinet opposite to the tub, crossing his feet at the ankles.
“That was one for each beep. Ready to talk yet?”
“Please,” he whispers, almost hoping Cas can’t hear him, “please.”
It’s not even a whisper, but Cas must hear him. That’s okay. Cas can have everything.
Cas pinches his nipple again and this time Dean fights it. He’s not tied down. He’s not pressing the damn button, why would he? He yanks out of Cas’s grip and throws the remote across the yard. Cas’s hand wraps around his throat, not choking but a dark promise as he looms over Dean. The wood of the chair digs into his ass and shoulders.
The garage floor cement is cold and hard underneath his knees, but Dean doesn’t care. He’s so grateful to be here, feeling small and fresh and broken all at the same time. Cas’s thumb hooks his mouth open and then his cock fills Dean’s mouth, hot and heavy on his tongue. The back of his head presses against the car door and Dean whimpers from the onslaught of sensation. Cas is inside him, all around him, braced on his elbow somewhere above Dean, one hand keeping Dean’s head steady as he fucks him. It’s not rushed, but it’s clear Cas is seeking relief, using Dean’s mouth to get there.
He groans, as the tongue returns, knees shaking. A finger joins it, rubbing softly over his hole, dipping just barely inside. Dean whimpers, clutching the window sill hard.
“Oh, screw you, Dean. You know what I mean,” Cas says, putting his beer bottle on the sofa table.
makes Dean want to curl in over himself to protect it, to hide and apologise for it. It also makes his balls ache. His hips are still circling, rubbing the wet spot inside his boxers against the tip of his cock.
Dean turns and goes to his knees at the same time, and this isn’t how he planned it, but he opens the box and thrusts it at Cas, and says,
Me: I'm totally not going to disappear for months and months this time
“Is that so? Maybe you should show me?”
He doesn’t tell Crowley goodbye when they leave, because he is still mad at the man, but he does let Cas hug him in the parking lot and if he clings for a good long while, well. Nobody needs to know that.
Dean closes his eyes tight, and rushes out, “You’re awake right now because I can’t control my needy little cock and am humping the bed.”
It barely matters when Cas helps him roll onto his side and pulls the plug out. He’s turned onto his stomach and his legs and ass hang over the edge of the counter, leaving him unbalanced. He accidentally tugs at his balls and whimpers.
“I will, pet. I will.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shakes his head. “I need your cock,” he admits. “Need you to fill me and make it better.”
“It does, doesn’t it?” Cas muses, withdrawing his foot. “What should we do about that, huh?”
. There’s a hand, one of those glorious big hands, palming over his cock over his boxers. Dean’s pretty sure he stops breathing for a second or two, before he keens.
Cas reaches a hand out and Dean hauls him up, even though his own thighs throb dully. Cas’s hands come to rest on his jaw again, thumbs running over Dean’s cheekbones, and then Cas kisses him, chaste and sweet.
“Exactly. You act like an unruly, rebellious, entitled little brat. Do you know what people like that need?”
“I’m afraid I can’t actually let you hurt him in here.” Crowley sounds disgustingly sincere. “Code of ethics, all that.”
“Yes, you are, sir,” Dean whispers, suddenly hoarse.
Dean nods fervently.
“Dean?” Cas croaks as he opens the door.
Whops. That was his outside voice.
Cas doesn’t even look up from his book when he reaches out and pinches Dean’s side.
“Showering.” Cas doesn’t sound impressed. “Is that all?”
“Up against the wall,” Cas whispers.
Pissing with a hard-on sucks.
Cas’s zipper is loud in the quiet room, and Dean forces his eyes open to see Cas stroking himself. He wants to whine for it, but the next shock overtakes him and it’s all he can do to keep his hands raised. They shake. His chest heaves. Once, he’s about to tumble to the side and has to scramble back into position, Cas’s cruel grin a constant threat. The shocks come closer and closer together, and Dean loses track of everything but the pain, wanting to crawl out of his own skin. His balls are on fire. His cock has all but disappeared.
“Anael!” Cas’s voice is warm. Dean seethes. “It’s been a while.”
He’s naked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please,” Dean has no shame left. “Please put your cock in my fuck hole, sir. Please.”
Cas hands him a towel.
“I think it’s too needy though,” Cas says. “Look at you, you can’t even stop now.”
“Both.” Cas nuzzles him. “Wanna bottle you.”
It takes him a moment but then Dean forces out a short, “No.”
Then he shouts and tenses, because Castiel is between his knees, two fingers sliding up inside him and
Dean stares up at him.
“Maybe I need to push my cock in there to remind it.”
“Oh yes, I almost forgot,” Cas says and lets go.
“Up straight,” Cas says as Dean hangs from his fist, body going limp as the shock works through him.
Dean stares at him.
They sleep.
“Will you punish me?” Dean whispers some time later.
. Whether Benny gets it or not, he didn’t know, turning back towards Dean and releasing him.
No way.
“Iwasjerkingoff,” Dean mutters to the floor.
Then he steps away, and there’s sounds behind Dean, but they don’t matter. Daddy will fix this. It’ll hurt, but he deserves it. Daddy loves him, Dean just forgot.
“No! Are you insane?”
... I can't believe that's a warning I needed to write. Whatever happened to "some mild daddy kink for luke". Brain, why?
Dean buys a ridiculously sweet drink with a small umbrella and enough alcohol to kill a rhino. He hands it to Crowley with one hand and gives him the middle finger with the other.
Dean whines. That thing’s huge. It doesn’t matter how much Castiel stretches him, it’s still going to be massive going inside him, splitting him open and
and he doesn’t care one whit. He throws the tie somewhere (anywhere but on Cas is okay), yanking at the buttons on Cas shirt, while Cas slips his hands in below Dean’s t-shirt and Dean shudders.
“What do I do?” Dean asks the table.
“Let’s be very clear, pet,” Cas growls in his ear. “When I say no, I mean
“We’re not repeating the popcorn incident,” Dean objects, and starts up towards the house.
The itch grows.
The there’s a smack and he screams, whiting out entirely, hole clenching shut from where Cas has smacked it with the spoon. He comes back to his face mashed into the carpet, gasping sobs wrecking through all of him.
Naked and damp, he walks into the bedroom, where Cas is already waiting on the bed. Just as he’s starting to go to his knees, Castiel stops him with a raised hand.
Dean’s mouth goes dry and he has to close his eyes for a second, but he shakes his head again and wiggles. Cas lifts up a little, and Dean turns over on his stomach, spreading his legs a little.
Cas hums. “I think you're forgetting your manners. Today, all I want to hear from you is
“Nope,” Dean says, not moving.
Cas’s lamp is blinding and when Cas turns back to him, it’s with his hair tousled and dark stubble all over his jaw. It doesn’t exactly help the situation in Dean’s pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What can I getcha?” a peppy blonde woman behind the counter says, looking far too energetic.
“Alright.”
“Good choice.”
Dean yanks his arm back and scrambles for the stairs. Cas’s arm goes around his waist like an iron band, hauling him back. Dean’s pleading behind the gag, trying to wrench free and kick after Cas’s legs. He needs the damn bathroom! When Cas calmly drags him back towards the kitchen, Dean goes limp and lets himself noodle out of Cas’s grip, flopping to the floor. Cas sighs in irritation, bends down and wrestles grip around each of Dean ankles, turns him onto his stomach and unceremoniously hauls him right back into the kitchen. Dean screams behind his gag, angry and humiliated.
Dean shakes his head. “You were willing to beat me harsh enough to match my feelings, and when you realised there had been a mistake, you fixed it. If anything, you freaking out over the idea of abusing me made me feel safe. Seeing how seriously you took that, how big a thing it was and still is for you, made me feel safe.”
He’s an fully grown man, all six foot tall and used to lugging heavy equipment. He’s reasonably in shape, he could push up and get off easily. It’s humiliating and out of all people in the world, this is not what he wants to show Crowley.
Dean whines as loudly as he can, trying and failing to thrust into Castiel’s hand, which is jerking him so. goddamn. slowly. He’s going to explode, the embers inside him now a roar, the buzzing under his skin unbearable,. He writhes and tries to pull more air in through his nose. He’s soaring, so far gone he doesn’t know if he’ll ever find his way back, but then Castiel’s hand is gone and the other one pinches his nose closed and the world stops. He can’t breathe through the gag, and his lungs are so full. He leans his head back against Castiel’s shoulder, trying to catch his eye, and Castiel looks back at him, eyes warm and soft as though he isn’t stealing Dean’s air at all. Dean’s cock
Cas barely has time to push himself up before Dean regrets everything.
“So…” Crowley says at the end. “What specifically do you want to accomplish?”
Dean stares at him, then strokes his nipples, plucking gently at them. Cas’s nipples aren’t sensitive at all, but Dean’s are. He flicks a dull fingernail over one one, and moans behind his impromptu gag. It takes a long while, but he plucks and pinches, twists and flicks, until he’s gasping in air through his nose, hips restless. It’s so frustrating, because it feels so, so good, but it’s not enough, not nearly enough.
Next there’s a soft clinking sound and then Castiel’s fingers guide his head up. Dean lets his mouth fall open when he sees the gag, the ball fitting snuggly behind his teeth. Castiel fastens the straps around his head, and Dean closes his eyes for a minute to get used to the feeling. It’s always intense, the ball pushing into his mouth and forcing it open, the strap under his jaw, across his cheeks, over his nose and back. Castiel’s hands settle over his cheeks, fingers splayed wide, and he rubs Dean’s stretched lower lip with a thumb. Dean whines briefly, and then he’s falling off the edge, flying, staring up at Castiel and hoping that he can read his mind.
“Please, sir,” Dean whimpers. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
“I don’t know,” Cas says, but he’s laying down again. “You’re being quite the brat. Maybe I should just have you sleep on the floor, that’s less work for me.”
Dean’s mouth is so full of saliva and he swallows awkwardly around Cas’s cock, trying not to jostle it, but Cas groans at the movement of his tongue, his hips making a shallow thrust up into Dean’s mouth. Then Cas twists his ear cruelly, and Dean tries to pull away while Cas drags him forward.
“Sorry, Mr N,” the flustered girl says. “Didn’t see you there.”
Cas pats his butt. “I’ve got you.”
“You’ll be purple for quite a while,” he says, tracing welts.
Dean shakes his head, even as he tries to get away from where Cas’s fist continues to stroke him. The only thing he manages is to rub back at the plug in his ass. His bladder hurts. He’s over-sensitive and whining by the time Cas lets his cock go, only to dig his come covered into Dean’s hair, yanking his head back.
Dean recognises the tone even as he slumps forward, pulling a pillow close, his face wet and snot clogging his nose. There’s no doubt in his mind that Cas’s hard. Cas’s belt buckle clinks, and Dean’s half-expecting to have Cas push slick fingers inside him, but instead Cas taps the belt against Dean’s thighs.
“Dean,” Cas says, as though his name is benediction. “What if--what if you’d driven home, swerved for a cat, and hit me?”
“Dean,” Cas says carefully. “We should talk.”
“Did I say you could use your hands?” Cas grabs his hair in a tight fist, twists it as he pulls Dean’s head back and makes him look up. “Do you even want my cock?”
Enema: Cas forces an enema on Dean, and then watches as he .. um. Evacuates, said enema. Poop is mentioned. Very briefly. Scat play does NOT happen and WILL NOT happen - this is for humiliation purposes only. Nobody touches said poop.
“So, based on everything we’ve discussed, it would seem that Dean here craves the structure and clarity of rules and punishments, especially painful punishments. It would also seem that you, Castiel, feel the need to put him in his place, make sure he knows the boundaries.”
“I don’t want more cruelty,” Cas picks up after a while. “But you’re right, I love controlling you, and Dean - that scares me.”
He does anyway. Consider it, that is.
“More,” Dean groans, “Please, Cas, more, so good, it’s so good.”
“Are you sure?” Cas asks.
Dean shrugs awkwardly. “I dunno.”
We've got some way to go with these boys, but fear not; there's words ahead.
Dean freezes at that, glancing around.
Scratchy twine wraps around his balls, then Cas ties one string to each of his big toes, forcing Dean’s legs into an awkward bend where he can’t straighten them without tugging painfully on his balls. He tries taking a deep breath through his clogged nose, but looks up and chokes.
Tops and doms aren't all seeing, all knowing. Cas is acting as much on instinct here as Dean is. *shruggy shoulders*
Castiel keeps petting him, as though he’s a fucking horse, and Dean would seriously glare, but he’s too busy floating, almost hanging off the restraints. He’s so full. It’s so
“No, no, no,” Dean shakes his head best he can. “I didn’t, Daddy, but I’m so empty, I need something in there, I need to be full, need to get fucked. Your fuck hole needs maintenance, needs to be reminded of its purpose.”
He’s on the floor, because Cas has been asking questions again and apparently throwing things isn’t the right answer. It was only a pillow, but it’s been enough for Cas to wrestle him to the ground and swap chains for rope. The carpet digs into his cheek as he fights the hogtie.
Eventually he manages to get Cas under the covers. Their legs tangle, foreheads pressed together, arms around each other.
“He’s easy.”
!! BEWARE THE TAGS !!
He fails when Cas moves away, hips jerking upward to urge Cas on, but then Cas rolls down on his side next to Dean and that’s okay, that’s really okay, because they’re kissing again and there are fingers undoing Dean’s belt, pushing it open, and then there’s a -
Cas hands find his hair, holding him still and he’s happy to open up as Cas slowly, carefully, fucks himself into Dean’s mouth. He’s remembering now and it’s easy to open up. His chin is wet and he knows he must look so wrecked as he looks back up at Cas, who hisses and pulls Dean off, his other hand going to squeeze the base of his cock.
“Red,” he manages, and once he’s started he can’t stop. “Red, red, red, red, red, red.”
“So good for me,” Castiel murmurs while patting Dean’s thigh. “A bit more now.”
Cas hums, but doesn’t say anything, making a
Crowley dismisses him with a glance.
He blinks, and Cas’s hand tightens in warning.
“Hi,” Dean mutters. “You’re my favourite human.”
When Cas’s key fits into the lock, he slides up onto his knees, hands behind his back and head bowed. His heart pounds in his chest, his hands are clammy as he waits for Cas to spot him.
“Hello,” he says, smiling when Dean waves at him over the back of the couch. “How was your day?”
The next thing he knows is Cas lying on his side next to him, watching; close, but not touching. They figured out early on that Dean doesn’t do well with contact while he floats, it’s a pretty good way to send him spiralling. This is far better, with Dean twitching, then hauling himself to cover the ten inches or so between them to throw a clumsy and heavy arm across Cas’s chest.
“Pass me that paddle, boy,” Cas says, and Dean passes it back.
“Hm, yes. That sounds about right,” he says. “This is what you want?”
“Come on,” Cas says.
“Shame. Well. You can run now.” Cas points to what must be south. “Go on.”
Cas groans, but retreats to the couch where he does, indeed, seem to have built himself a nest from blankets and tissues.
“I drove home.”
Cas reappears right as the microwave beeps because he’s the master of the four minute shower, already dressed in a soft sweater and worn jeans. They take plastic bowls of food to the table, where they eat, Cas foot resting casually between Dean’s own beneath the table. Cas eyes are warm, even as he chews. He doesn’t smell like copy-machine ink anymore, just soap and warm skin, his hair tousled and wet, and Dean definitely only notices because Cas absently wipes away a waterdropplet from behind his ear. Just dinner.
There was a rustle as Castiel set the book aside and got up, coming close to him. When his fingers touched Dean’s jaw, Dean jerked back, fixing his eyes straight forward instead. Castiel peered closely at him, then took a step back and picked up the braided cat o’nine tails that Dean had thrown onto the table, hefting it a few times in his hand. He’d picked that one specifically, but he refused to flinch from it. It was heavy, the ends tied in knots. It would hurt. Castiel put it back on the table, lifting his tea and sipping it again, still standing and just
“No,” Dean whimpers, tries to shake his head.
“Tell me what you’re thinking about,” Cas prompts.
Will there be more chapters? I honestly don't know. I think so? Maybe?
Dean’s cheeks flame.
Dean’s face first into the covers, sprawled sideways over Cas’s lap, before he can protest. He wiggles a little, but even he knows it’s mostly for show.
Resolutely, Dean shakes his head again. “No. I can do this. It’s just... hard.”
“Come on, man,” he says.
BEWARE: New tags have been added. See end notes for details.
“I won’t be nice,” Cas warns him.
“Thank you, Daddy, thank you,” Dean chokes out, getting cold, slimey come in his mouth.
He snorts, climbing out of the car. This has happened before, many times before. He knows how loud the Impala can be, that Cas probably heard him ages ago. The April rain is icy against him. He doesn’t bother ringing the bell or knocking, just walks in and kicks off his shoes.
“Why do I do that?”
you, exactly.”
Dean’s eyes are glued to the little black box in Cas’s hand and when Cas releases his nipple, it’s only to press on the little button there. Pain shoots through him and Dean wants to whimper, but he can’t. Instead he stares up at Cas, who hits the button again, and again, and again. Each time, he has to fight not to scream. It’s as though someone is slapping him, but somewhere inside, so all his muscles contract and buzz. He loses himself in an effort to stay quiet, to breathe.
to Dean’s insides. He knows the picture they present, with him bent over on the floor and Castiel,
“For what?” Dean strokes Cas with his thumb. “There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“Hm.” Crowley looks at Dean. “Is this a safe space for you?”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, barely able to breathe from pure fear.
Crowley is frowning.
The pen scratches against his chest.
“Shutting up now.”
he’s so loose and open. Just as those fingers find his prostate and press, Castiel leans down and swallows his cock. Dean sobs, tired and overwhelmed, as Castiel forces pleasure on him, winding him up like a toy until he shatters into a million pieces. He groans long and hard when the orgasm rips through him, leaving him gasping and shuddering, raw and open and vulnerable.
“Come over my lap, then,” Cas says.
Cas’s eyes widen. “I owe you an explanation.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just moving you a little, sweetheart,” Castiel murmurs. “Your mouth is so beautiful and stretched around that ball, I want to use it.”
“Jesus fucking Christ, Cas!”
Cas nods miserably. “I fought so hard to get out of it, Dean. I can’t stand the idea of going back in.”
“I was just washing!” Dean says, then looks down at the floor. “Uh, I wasn’t, I --”
At some point, Dean’s muscles have all disappeared and it takes massive effort to stand up. The plug shifts and pulls at him, the weight around his balls heavy and uncomfortable.
“I was jerking off,” Dean says clearly, then tacks on, “Daddy.”
Cas nods.
Cas makes an ugly sound and tears his hand away, clambering onto the bed and shoving Dean down. Dean passes him the lube, frantic now, but instead of fingers in his ass, a slick hand wraps around his cock.
“Dude,” Sam says with an irritated frown one day. “Just introduce me to your boyfriend already.”
Finally managing to get his socks off, Cas kneels and grabs his hair, pushing his face into the floor.
Ah. There's a clue. There's also what he’d been looking for - Dean asking for what he needed. They’d talk about that later, but this would do. He roughly releases Dean’s hair, putting his hand on the bound man’s neck and squeezing hard while he catches Benny’s eye across the room. Castiel nods slightly towards Dean’s back, hefting the flogger in his hand. Benny’s eyebrows come together as Castiel tries to mouth
Granted, Cas had caught him on the last one, face down, ass up, four fingers in his ass and hand flying on his cock. The bastard hadn’t even told Dean he was there, until after Dean had come. He’d made Dean tell him every detail, before mounting him and using his loose, oversensitive ass until Dean had cried and Cas had come, biting Dean’s neck.
“You’re going to fuck my face,” Cas says, and takes Dean’s soft cock in his warm-wet mouth.
So long he doesn't stare at Cas's lip
Dean whines. “Please hurt me, sir, please hurt me and use me and put me in my place,” he begs, shame burning in his chest.
Dean lets go, fists his hand next to his hip and stares helplessly down at his cock where it pulses, come drooling out of him while the crest of orgasm disappears in the distance. He shivers harder, knees weak, heat and frustration still pooling inside him.
“That works,” Crowley says above him.
?! This should go right into his hard limits, he’ll have to add that somewhere so he’ll remember for the next one.
Dean nods stupidly and Cas blows him slow and sweet until he’s panting, begging for Cas’s fingers inside him.
“You put him up to this!” He bites out.
There’s a long stretch of silence before Dean sighs.
He narrows his eyes at the other man.
“Two,” Cas says and taps his side. “Hands on the coffee table.”
“No, no,” he says, twisting his face into a smile. “C’mon, Cas. Tell me.”
Cas steps away and disappears.
he doesn’t know what it means, but he swallows and apparently that means Cas can move again, because now there’s a strong hand cupping his jaw.
“One venti dark roast coming right up, what’s your name?”
“Look at that,” he says. “So needy.”
Hands shaking, Dean goes for his shirt first, hoping bare skin will appease Cas.
,” Cas says, slowly and clearly, “condone anything John Winchester did, apart from bringing you and your brother into this world. That man was a pathetic waste of space, and the damage he did… Dean, you brought the belt. Then you put yourself in the corner, for far longer than I would have, and you came out crying. Even after that, you begged for something more severe. I have clearly failed far harder than I thought, and I am so, so sorry.”
Dean yelps, his whole body flinching as the shock travels from his balls and perineum, through the plug and to his prostate, making him clench around the plug.
“Seriously?” Dean hides his face in the sheets, then draws a breath. “I love it when you embarrass me, when you make me feel like I’m nothing, when you make me feel worthless and”--he’s struggling for air now--“when you use me. I jerk off to that stuff.”
Cas pulls back. “Let’s go outside for this.”
They stare at each other. Cas’s mouth quirks, and Dean’s gone, bending over Cas’s lap, giggling. Cas’s arms close around him and he chuckles into Dean’s hair.
That’s why he fucks up.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says and reaches across the table for Dean’s hand.
“That’s amazing,” Cas replies.
“You didn’t know if I’d… let go of you, so to speak?” Cas clarifies.
“I still dream about it,” Cas admits. “You scream and scream, and I keep beating you, until you break apart, blood everywhere. I always wake up hard.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods.
“Mr Winchester,” a voice drawls near him. “Come on, chop chop.”
The first ten across his thighs obliterate any thoughts from his mind. It’s all pain, and he knows he’s screaming even if he can’t quite hear it. Cas gives him a break to catch his breath, then rains down another ten, far down on his thighs, where they bite into sensitive and thin skin. Dean kicks and wails, throat raw.
Cas crawls over the bed, and Dean lies there, legs spread as far as they will go, tremors wrecking through him while the nightstand drawer opens and closes. Then Cas is back, which is equal parts wonderful and terrible and Dean is grateful and scared all at the same time. Slick fingers prod at his ass, and he tenses before forcing himself to relax. Cas surprises him, by gently rubbing his fingertips there until fear passes and Dean is pushing back to meet him. The gentle treatment continues, as Cas fingers him open slowly, one finger at a time, avoiding his prostate until he’s three fingers deep. Dean stares down at him, knowing he’s red eyed and is probably wearing the most stupidly adoring look. Cas looks back, smiles, then adds more lube.
It goes on forever, Cas alternating between licking Dean’s balls, suckling at the tip of his cock, rubbing his stubbled chin against Dean’s frenulum until it feels like it’s on fire. Dean’s openly crying, staring at the ceiling and just trying to survive it, by the time Cas stops.
“Would you like to engage in anal intercourse?”
Dean shakes his head. “No, no, Daddy, please, no more,” he begs.
“Up, up,” Cas snaps. “On your knees.”
“Kneel on the floor,” he says and Dean moves without thinking, flinging himself to the floor and keening from his ass meeting his heels. He stares up at Cas, blurry through his tears, towering in front of him and Dean belongs here, on the floor, hurting and naked and nose clogged and Cas’s, all of him Cas’s.
He sets some bread rising, because carbs will help, and then he oils all the doors in the house for no goddamn reason. He checks on Baby, but she’s already top notch and he’s changed the oil just a few weeks ago. So he oils all the locks on the doors, because why not, bakes the bread and checks the condition of the house from the outside, ending up on his stomach under the patio, clearing out leaves and shit. The shed in the back might need some paint too, come to think of it. Maybe they should get a privacy fence too, instead of just the--
Sam huffs and makes a face. They watch the sun rise over the lake, birds singing in the trees. When Dean’s coffee runs out, he claps Sam’s shoulder, then goes back to his bed and his husband.
“Three.” Cas rolls up his sleeves.
Dean jerks his head up and sees tears in Cas’s eyes. He doesn’t have time to say anything, as Cas’s eyes widen and Dean suddenly remembers, ducking his head again. Cas grabs Dean’s chin, forcing him to look up.
pain. He hates it passionately, with a vengeance bordering on fury. Pain never turns him on. If he’s hard, he’ll inevitably soften if something hurts. Other people talk about pain feeling like pleasure or the heat of a red ass spreading through their entire body, and that’s never been Dean’s experience. Pain is awful and terrible, and to be avoided at all costs.
“Yes. Yes, I am. Now, fuck off back to whence you came and for God's sake, talk to your owner, puppy. Shoo.”
“Are you going to touch me?”
“I’m going to punish you.”
, and Dean’s face gets redder and redder while he desperately wishes it didn’t. His cock twitches.
“You eat yet?” he asks, carding his hand through Dean’s hair.
“Open up!” Cas demands. “I know how greedy you are, you don’t get to try hide it from me now, boy.”
, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, “you know how.”
Cas stares at him, eyes blazing. Dean flinches.
“I want you to think about it, pet, while we do this. Think about how it tastes.”
The door opened behind him. Castiel came over and Dean could feel how much his husband wanted to running his hand down Dean’s back. He tensed and Castiel moved away, the cat o’ nine tails thumping down on the bed in front of Dean. There was a closet door opening and a bit of rustling behind him, then Castiel came back. He made short work of strapping Dean’s wrists in the suspension cuffs, the black leather soft from use. Dean flexed his fingers around the bar of the grip, as Castiel attached them to the rings Dean had set in the posts. Good. The cuffs were good. He relaxed a little more, rolling his head from side to side and shaking out his legs. Castiel had understood, at least enough. There would be pain and there would be a lot of it, and he couldn’t run. The cat o’ nine tails lay taunting him on the bed.
“A dirty, needy, greedy little boy,” Dean whispers.
“Alright, we’ll deal with this in a minute. I promise.”
“I put myself and others at risk, Daddy. I withheld important information from you.”
“I put myself and others at risk,” he says, drawing in a shuddering breath. “I shouldn’t ‘cause you love me and worry about me.”
“Yes, Daddy.”
Dean loves him so much it hurts.
In no time, Dean’s whimpering and shouting “Daddy, Imma come, Imma come, please”, and a hand on his hip encourages him to fuck up into Cas’s movements, and Dean’s gone. It’s a rush, as intense as any orgasm, leaving him shaking and panting after.
, and they get rewards. You? You don’t get anything, I swear to god. Always such a fucking disappointment.”
Then, the heel of Cas’s hand is on his bladder again and this time Dean doesn’t have a chance to stop it. Piss rushes out of his cock, up over his stomach and down his legs. It goes absolutely everywhere and he’s moaning from the relief and pleasure. It’s like coming all over again, until he’s all out and empty and exhausted.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, coming to a halt behind Cas.
Cas comes over, wearing his fugly bathrobe and a pair of old boxers that should probably be burned. He picks up the papers and reads through them.
He kicks, then he screams.
Cas nods. “Yes. A punishment so they--you, remember who’s in charge. Is there another reason?”
Dean blanches. “Uhm.”
One was looking down at Sammy from the garage roof and watching him clutch his arm, crying uncontrollably.
“Thirty-six minutes,” Dean answers, because he checked when he stepped in the door at home.
Cas tuts. “So greedy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stays.
He floats.
The house is quiet when Dean gets home after work. He orders pizza, because Cas has been on some sort of health binge lately and it’s been all bbq chicken breasts and roasted vegetables. He drinks beer. He goes to sleep feeling pretty decent, hugging Cas’s pillow tight.
Cas draws a sharp breath behind him, and Dean turns his head to look back. Cas’s eyes are wide and he’s got a hand on his cock, staring at Dean like he’s never seen him before.
That gets him a smile, and Cas strokes Dean’s wedding ring with a thumb. “Always,” he says, so sincerely that Dean absolutely does not choke up.
“Get up,” Cas says, and Dean crawls his way up onto his knees again.
he wanted to say, but the words didn’t quite make the cut. He flattened his palm, feeling the soft thumping he’d grown to need to hear at night. Cas’ eyes flashed blue, and Dean felt a jolt of electricity run through his arm, something wild and untamed. Light swirled around them and he felt Cas’ skin burn like fire.
Cas cocked his head to one side. "You didn't come back."
Jesus.
Cas just pointed with his other hand and said, “They have seats outside.”
No wonder Sam had been acting so weird. “I’m glad we have you, Cas,” Dean said. “Glad I have you,” he added, running a finger under Cas’ Adam’s apple to feel it bob. “And I promise you, that every day until I die, I will love you, and we’ll learn how this whole life thing works together, and every night, I’ll-” he leaned forward and whispered in Cas’ ear.
Dean gulped. Yes, this was the guy he loved. He reached out, got a handful of shampoo, and worked it through Cas’ hair. The angel frowned, but submitted to Dean’s touches, and closed his eyes. “I’d like that,” Dean said in a low voice. If he hadn’t just come, his dick would’ve been seriously interested in Cas’ words.
"Sam told me," Cas said, not quite meeting Dean's gaze. Dean wondered what words had passed between Castiel and his brother in the fifteen minutes he'd been absent. After surveying Cas for any signs of relapse, Dean handed him the trenchcoat and slung an arm under Cas' shoulders to support him. This time when they walked over the threshold, Cas was firmly awake. Shaky and clinging onto Dean, but alive.
“Yes.” Cas said matter-of-factly.
“Dean?” A deep voice enquired from outside his door. It was Cas. “Are you all right?”
Gone. He turned the word over in his head, staring at the blank wall. By no desire of his own, apart from some half-hope that Cas might be there, or a masochistic urge to see that he wasn’t, he unconsciously turned and started to walk to the cassette room. He stared at the cassette desk. It was a dusty old thing. Some of the plastic was cracked.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean hums.
Eventually, he spoke. “You wanna go inside?” His words were so soft it was like he’d barely spoken at all, but it was such a relief, to find that speaking didn’t shatter that beautiful calm that had settled inside his chest.
They were lying in bed one morning, perfectly silent. Cas was sprawled across Dean’s chest, Dean’s hand resting at the nape of his neck, absentmindedly stroking the black hairs there.
Cas said wryly, “We’re only just getting started.”
A harsh, nasal voice. “Casti
“But I like watching the snow fall, Dean.”
"I know." I said. Wrongs had still been committed, I was still not entirely what I had been before. "But for one sunset, it did." I smiled contentedly up him. "Like flowers that only bloom once."
Later, Cas asked if he could have the cassette, which had a few other songs dubbed onto it. Dean pressed it into his hand wordlessly and Cas slipped it into the pocket of his trench coat. Dean knew they were just like one of Bobby’s old trucks, lovingly repaired but poised to break down at the drop of a hat. For now though, they were driving steady, and it was all right.
he was to me. My exposed member twitched at the feel of his breath on my neck, and I heard his breath hitch in response. Blood flooded into my cock because oh, I
Cas strode across the distance between them, shoving Dean back on the chair he'd been sitting on and straddling him. If Dean's breath had been short before, it left him completely now. Cas was kissing him before Dean had a chance to say anything else, lips hot and soft, just for him. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, sliding his hands over the deliciously bare skin. They kissed deeply, Dean's tongue mapping out the inside of Cas' mouth. Cas moaned into him, and it became all too clear why he was so eager. "Cas," Dean said, breaking off the kiss to brush his lips over Cas' shoulder, "How come angels get morning wood?"
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. The pleasure was building inside him, and he panted hard, wishing he could feel this for just a little longer, that blissful heat, clinging onto Cas, everything ramping up until it was too much –
Dean had prayed himself hoarse every night, had left the Bunker unlocked, his phone on full charge begging for his texts to be answered. He'd driven the Impala around in the afternoons for long miles, pretending he wasn't looking for Cas.
Until he said, "Can you forgive me?"
"You're warm," was Dean's only response. Cas rolled his eyes. "Solid," Dean said upon consideration. "Surprisingly muscular," he added, tracing the lines of Cas' biceps under the t-shirt hem.
Cas doesn’t have a clever answer for that. “You love me,” he says weakly.
Eventually Sam cleared his throat, and Cas said, “It’s the Enochian symbol for protection.” That wasn’t all it meant to Dean, and Cas knew that. It meant something along the lines of, I would die for you. I would die for this newfound peace we have, I would give everything to shelter you from the cold while letting you walk in the rain. It meant I need you, so goddamnit, stay alive. Dean had used to think peace was for losers, to be perfectly blunt. Now he thought rather differently. Peace wasn’t just some old lady tending flowers, peace was that infinite stillness, always expanding up into his chest when he was with Cas; not a negation of the past, only the natural continuation. A soldier taking his boots off when he was finally home. “Thank you, Dean.” Cas said softly.
“I was gonna take you out for breakfast or something,” Dean said, walking alongside Cas as Cas trawled through the aisles, running his fingertip over the spine of each book he passed. “But then you don’t really eat… And I thought maybe a movie, but half the fun of movies is the popcorn and-”
“Elvis?” Dean stared at Sam, jaw not quite functioning. “You got him hooked on Elvis?” After welcoming his brother back with a hug and the usual inquiry if he got laid, Dean had gone out on a beer run. When he returned, Elvis Presley was blasting through the bunker. “Elvis?” He said, as if it might be a new species of monster.
“I – what?”
Nobody owns him. He followed his Dad, and he takes care of Sam. But beyond that, he's his own man. Just him and the Impala and the sweet, sweet open road.
Grand Funk Railroad - I Fell For Your Love
Dean had three fingers in his ass and his tongue, making sinful little movements deep inside him. He could see the faint shadows Cas’ wings cast on the ground before them, blacker than black on the floor. Cas noticed them too, and said softly, “I can’t hold them back. Can’t contain myself when you – ah, when you love me like this.” Dean’s cock was rapidly filling with blood again, and he swayed, steadying himself on Cas. Something about Cas’ words twisted inside him, bringing them ever closer together.
Dean rubbed his eyes. He’d been cataloguing lore for a good three hours, Cas sitting opposite him. While Sam was away getting his rocks off with Eileen – Dean assumed, anyway – they were picking up the research slack. It was boring as fuck. Dean had surreptitiously chosen the stack of books about angels. He knew if there was anything he was curious about, he could just ask Cas. But the more he thought about it, the more he became fascinated with every aspect of Cas. The times he seemed almost human, when he was a full-blown angel, now in his fallen state. He was more than a little curious.
room, the one they'd discovered back in the beginning, with the hidden butterflies in glass and the pool of sunlight right under the window.
“Fine,” Dean snapped hastily. The last thing he wanted was to be seen in his embarrassing predicament.
I know, I know, you wanted fluff with lots of sex. We'll get there. But love between an emotionally constipated dude and an angel who hasn't felt anything since the beginning of the universe is complicated.
And this was the last time he'd be able to ask that, to dare to hope for his prayers to be answered. He took a deep, shuddering breath, closing his eyes. If Cas stayed still, he'd have to walk away. Find some way to quell the ache inside, the sneaking feeling that if he had waited longer, if he had somehow had more to give, then -
The gigantic vampire nest down in Indiana had given him more than enough to think about. The vamps had been tapping into some witchy crap, making them stronger and harder to fight. Peachy, huh? Damn, it was a good thing they’d had Cas with them. Sam and him had been outnumbered, even armed to the teeth like they always were, until Cas had destroyed their power source and took out quite a few vamps. They saved a lot of hostages – living blood bags. One of them had even tried to flirt with Cas, seemingly oblivious to the blood all down his shirt and the fact he looked like he was about to pass out. Dean had cut her off with a snappy, “He doesn’t find the idea of intercourse with strangers appealing,” and all three of them had driven back to the bunker.
