The man cut him off. “Are you planning on spending the whole night apologizing?” He asked frankly.
“Sam’s polyamorous?” Tony confirmed with a raised eyebrow, any longing that had been on his face already gone. Pure amusement in place instead. He was already working on setting down his armful of things, only spilling a bit of the water. Which he proceeded to wipe up with the sleeve of his shirt. Not that it mattered, the table was cheap IKEA stuff, a little bit of water certainly wasn’t going to hurt it.
“Sounds like they might need an intervention.” Tony smiled, stepping up into Steve’s space. “Trust me, we’ve both tried. It would appear that they just need to figure it out themselves. They’re both too stubborn for anything else to work.” At that Tony laughed out loud. “Trust me I get that. Pep will never ask anyone out. And, trust me, there’s nothing anyone could do to change that. If she even got the sense you were trying, you’d get a strong talking to and she’d wait even longer just to prove you wrong.”
“Thanks.” He mumbled, blushing again, before shaking it off. “Let’s just sit down and finish our drinks.”
They went over each other’s lists together. Sharing examples, clarifying as needed, asking follow-up questions. Tony made neat little notes in pencil, after receiving Steve’s consent to do so. Steve was learning that this was seemingly not something to be surprised by.
Instead he threw a throw pillow at Bucky’s face, taking care to hold it up long enough to serve as a fair warning before pitching it across the room. Bucky caught it easily, he’d actually be good at sports if they didn’t overwhelm him, and threw it back, not really aiming for Steve at all.
“Mind if we have the room?” He asked politely, recovering quickly. Bucky looked over both of them for a minute, evaluating. “Fine. I’ll go pester Sam.” He agreed, already getting up and gathering his stuff.
By the end of the afternoon, after they had done most of their talking, Tony had shifted down. Now horizontal on the couch, sprawled across Steve’s lap. “You sure this is comfortable?” He confirmed for the third or so time. “For now. I’ll have you move eventually, love.” Steve pet his hair gently. “I like your weight on me, love.”
And, that was almost enough to discourage Steve. He never had been good at initiating things. Too insecure for his own good. Even he knew that.
“Thank you for telling me. It’s all right.” Steve replied simply, pulling Tony into another firm hug.
He found himself wishing he could tug Tony into his arms and kiss his forehead and just tell him that he was okay. That he was valid and there were so many reasons he’s worth loving, no matter what his faults were.
Regardless, his art is weird. All black and white charcoal drawings, and generally hard to follow. Steve knows that the reason people stop and stare at them for so long is mostly just because they’re trying to figure out what they’re looking at. Hell, he draws the things and he still gets turned about. He gets the feeling.
“Sounds like you speak from experience.” Steve smiled. “Almost always.” Tony agreed, taking the opportunity to lean down for a quick kiss. “Luckily, we didn’t fall into the same trap.” He observed with a quirk of his lips. “Because, let me say, I am very very happy to be dating you, mister.” His tone grew flirty and laden with meaning as he pressed even further into Steve.
It was cozy enough that it forced people close to one another. The kind of place where elbows and knees bump up against one another more often than not. It’s not somewhere he’d want to share with a lot of people. There weren’t many he was okay with having in his space.
He briefly contemplated asking Tony out for coffee. It actually sounded nice. He could imagine the two of them curled up in the corner of his favorite coffee shop, at the table tucked neatly between two of the book shelves, the chairs crammed into the too small space.
He didn’t want to sound needy or desperate or annoying or… Well, long story short, there were a lot of ways he didn’t want to come off to a cute guy he’d been really excited to see tonight. But, he was nervous, worried that something horrible had happened to Tony on the way here. Or, and he forced himself to remember that this was the better option, for all that it felt worse to him, that Tony simply didn’t care. That he’d decided not to come.
“Of a kind.” Tony’s eyes darted down, in a way that almost seemed self-deprecating. Though, his gaze was back to normal in a moment. “My mother loved art.” He said, with genuine fondness in his tone. “And, my father never did.” That was darker, but only slightly. “He’d come to art shows, but only to be seen. And, to talk to all of the right people.” He laughed. Steve thought it seemed forced.
When they did finally talk, it was a week later. They were both in a good headspace for it.
There’s more than one reason that they’ve been such good friends for so long.
Tony didn’t seem to have anticipated the question, but his eyes lit up. “Pep’s the best.” He said happily, munching on a slice of bruschetta. “I think you’d like her.” He sounded thoughtful there, as if he was really evaluating it. “I know she’d like you. Clever, passionate artist. You’re just her type.”
Without the context, an understanding of the coffee shop and what it was like, the invitation would sound trite. Steve had spent a lifetime spurning conventionality; he didn’t want to default to the most standard first date idea ever now.
Tony looked over suddenly, as if surprised. Steve got the impression that he’d startled him out of thought. He wondered what the other man had been thinking about.
Fumbling his phone out of his pocket again, he wasn’t surprised to see the notification confirming that the new message was from Tony.
He had no idea what to say next.
Steve needn’t have worried though. Whatever it was that Tony was struggling with seemed to sweep away, his eyes lighting up. “Of course.” He agreed readily, unlocking his phone and passing it over.
And, from there they kept chatting.
Both of them spent too much time hiding behind masks. And, both were gradually realizing that they didn’t want to hide from one another.
“I’m not interested.” He repeated, louder and more forcefully. And, in a moment Bucky was there. Together they pushed past the guy, moving away quickly.
And, blinked in surprise. Of everything he’d fretted about, he didn’t expect this. Didn’t quite know what to make of it.
It wasn’t a great photo, a bit blurry and badly lit, with random folks in the background. Still, they both had wide smiles and Tony’s arms had fit well around his shoulders. Steve liked that Tony had bothered.
None the less, the man was smiling now. A small smirk, that somehow suited him. He bent his head a bit and looked up at Steve through his eyelashes. An impressive feat given that he was easily a couple inches taller than him.
“And, why the hell not?” He demanded. “He likes you. You obviously like him. What’s the problem?”
“You’re an art fan?” Steve continued, when Tony didn’t seem inclined to say anything further. He’d begun walking about the gallery, taking in the various pieces slowly.
They would be authentic with one another. That was important to both of them. Stating upfront, they weren’t trying to be anything other than who they were. Neither wanted to fill a role for the other. Neither wanted to lose the things that made their relationship outside of any dynamic. They wanted laughter and love and all of the things that made them themselves. Steve wanted Tony’s sass and flirtiness and vulnerability. Tony wanted Steve’s anxiety and sweetness and passion.
Yet, it amused him now. After all, he could perfectly imagine the shit eating grin Tony would give him if he’d told him the joke in person.
“Now I rarely make time for art though.” Tony said, offhandedly. And, sounding vaguely critical. “I ought to. My best friend loves it, but…” He didn’t finish his thought.
If he couldn’t tell Bucky, then he couldn’t tell anyone. And, he needed to tell someone.
But, he kept hoping for Steve to begin to recognize some of his own value. And, he’d hoped that actually getting the boy out to meet other people like him might help.
But, for all this place was billed as one of the best queer kink clubs in this half of the country, the patrons all seemed to be pretty uniformly white gay guys. And, approximately none of them appeared to be trans or disabled, not that you could always tell those things by looking at someone. Bucky knew that perfectly well.
The other man cut him off. “Like what you see?” He asked, shifting in a way that Steve could only call striking a pose, subtle though it was.
Steve smiled. And, laughed. And, sent a flirty response.
Once Bucky left they slipped into more intimate conversation. Moving away from small talk and into topics that they could talk about all night and still have more to share. Not that Steve bared everything. And, it felt like Tony wasn’t sharing completely freely either. There were times he caught himself before saying something, smoothly redirecting the conversation but not before Steve missed the transition.
By the end of the evening the club was beginning to settle down and Bucky had swung by to let them know he was headed out, meeting Steve’s eyes with a meaningful look that Steve knew was to confirm he was all right. He’d only given it a moment thought before nodding almost imperceptibly.
And, it was clear he didn’t. In fact, if Steve was reading him correctly, he seemed quite fond of it. And, not just in the flirty way he was displaying now, but a genuine happiness too.
The man in front of them was gorgeous. Not as tall as the jerk from before, actually not terribly taller than Steve himself. And, not as broad. But, he was lithe and strong looking, clad in a well fitted suit that stood out against the leather and mesh that was more common throughout the club.
“Even with the perfect technique, the art is still very
Steve took in Tony’s appearance while he talked. He was far more … unkempt than the other night. Still well dressed, sporting a button-down shirt in a deep maroon and a charcoal suit. But, his jacket was unbuttoned and he was currently fiddling with one of the buttons on his shirt, seemingly unaware of the fact he was doing so. His hair was messier as well, flying in as many directions as its length permitted it to.
Seeking his eyes for a minute, waiting intentions made clear for Steve’s subtle nod of … of what? Consent? Permission? Regardless, as soon as he had it, Tony was pulling him towards the living room, only doing the slightest double-take when he saw Bucky already sprawled out there as usual.
Bucky knew that Steve could read his own discomfort plainly. He was usually a good actor. Years of social skills training and therapy meant that he could carefully portray whatever he chose to, altering his tone and body language at will to hide how he really felt.
“You never answered my question.” He drawled once Steve’s attention was back on him. And, for a moment, Steve was confused, thinking he’d missed something. Then, he remembered. The man had asked if he liked what he saw.
They walked arm in arm to the bar. Bucky a solid head and then some taller than Steve, but they’ve long since learned the knack of how to fit themselves comfortably together. Platonic physical touch was important to both of them.
But, the man didn’t look disappointed. He looked … bemused. For a moment Steve tensed for the argument he’d hoped to avoid. After all, that confusion could only mean that the man didn’t believe him.
And, from there, they fell naturally into other topics. Barely moving from the table they’d claimed early in the evening. Completely caught up in one another. And, maybe Steve wasn’t really doing his due diligence as an artist. Standing by his display and engaging in uncomfortable small talk all evening. But, he really couldn’t give a damn.
At the car, Tony paused for a moment before opening it. Eyes dancing, he bent his head forward slightly, looked up at Steve through his eyelashes. And, sweet as could be, asked “May I kiss you?”
Steve sighed and moved into a more natural stance, rolling his shoulders one at a time. His binder had already started to roll up, bunching awkwardly about his torso. So, in the absence of anything else to do, he retreated to the restroom.
Too late one night, unable to sleep despite an opening shift the next day, he rolled over in bed, fumbled his phone off the night stand and thumbed out a quick text. Sending it before he could change his mind.
He wondered if Tony had any idea just how cute he was, especially like this. Talking about someone he cared about. Somehow Steve doubted it.
“Pepper is a badass. Comes across as the serious, no nonsense type at first. And, don’t get me wrong, she is definitely a serious woman who is more than capable of getting what she wants. But, she can be lighthearted too.” He sounded fond. “Goodness knows, she’d never put up with me otherwise.” He laughed, and again it sounded slightly tinged with self-deprecation. Steve was learning to hate that.
They both cared for one another in ways developed over years of existing together, the intimacy only growing as they navigate through new things as a pair. He trusted Bucky more than anyone else in the world.
Sure enough, though, there were still no new messages that he magically failed to feel come in despite being hyper aware of where his phone had been resting against his thigh. The last text received was from Tony this morning, confirming the dress code or lack thereof for the evening.
“All right. If you say so. I am still sorry though.” He replied finally, aware that a bit of his confusion had snuck into his voice.
He sighed, shifting in place, trying to get his words in order. Bucky waited patiently. His face softer now. Bucky thought he didn’t do non-verbal communication. And, Steve supposed that was somewhat true. He certainly didn’t naturally show things the way that most people do. But, Steve could still read him.
Sending each other jokes, asking questions, sharing random thoughts.
“It was good talking to you too.” And, that was it. He didn’t say anything more. Didn’t give any indication that he hoped to see Steve again. That they might trade numbers. Or, perhaps even go on a date.
He learned that Tony liked being held, but that he didn’t get it very often. That he leaned into the touch Steve gave him in a way that made him want to wrap his body around the other man. Wanted to give him all of the love and comfort that he could.
“She’s kind. The kind of person who notices what folks need and tries to give it to them when she can. And, she’s smart. Just get her started talking about one of her topics…” He continued to wax poetic about the woman, and Steve sipped his champagne, dry and flavorless as it was, and enjoyed listening.
Checking his appearance in the mirror on the way out, he buttoned his jacket back up as he reentered the art gallery. A few folks had started to meander in from outside, but he didn’t see Tony anywhere. A quick glance at his watch confirmed that it was only a couple minutes past eight though so he tried not to fret.
Honestly, he worried that Tony would judge him. That he’d come across as boring all of the sudden.
“Umm. Yes. You’re lovely. I mean, very handsome.” He stammered, far too awkward all at once. Steve would never be smooth, not like this man, but usually he wasn’t this horribly graceless.
He’d asked, simple and sweet and totally terrifying.
“I want to ask him out. I want so much with him. I just don’t know how.” He admitted quietly, staring resolutely at the carpet in front of him, not wanting to look up.
From there their date actually went well. Steve had been all nerves about letting Tony see his art. All of it was so personal, though complex enough that he wasn’t too worried about Tony working out the specifics.
“You shouldn’t need to.” Bucky returned quietly. And, Steve couldn’t argue with that. He shouldn’t need to. The guy should have listened to him when he said no the first time. He also shouldn’t have been that “friendly” with Steve without any expression of interest in the first place.
This time, Steve didn’t have a chance to agonize over asking Tony out again. The morning after the art show he received a text asking what he was doing the next weekend. Trying not to get his hopes up too much, Steve replied that he was free other than a Sunday morning shift (the worst; the shop would be full of little old ladies coming back from church with too many thoughts about his hair color and piercings and too little certainty about his gender.)
He breathed a quiet sigh of relief,taking in Tony’s seemingly uninjured body. And, honestly, thankful that he was at least there. That he hadn’t been stood up all together.
Bucky looked directly at him, meeting his eyes and clapping a large warm hand onto his shoulder. “We can leave if you like, you know that.” He reminded Steve. “But, I think it might be worth giving it a chance.”
“Tell me about your best friend?” Steve asked, having had sufficient time to think about what to say next. And, curious about the people in Tony’s life.
Their drinks were finally ready, so he retrieved both of them. Passing Bucky his ginger beer with lime before taking a sip of his own gin and tonic. Planning on making a quick retreat back to their table.
“That’s sweet.” Steve said, feeling the need to say something. He hadn’t really grown up with access to art himself. He’d lived in New York his whole life and didn’t visit the Met until he was nineteen. Tony’s mother sounded kind. It was a shame he talked about her in the past tense. Steve wondered if she had passed away or if it was something else.
Tony. It suited him, Steve decided. A smooth classy name.
They didn’t actually get that far though. Some time while they talked, another man had slid up behind them. Far enough back not to have been eavesdropping, but plainly in their path.
"Stand
"Oh?  So then you won't mind if I chat with him," said Gideon.
He turned his head to look at Tony, turning a little in his hold. "No. I mean-- I don't know. I can't tell because there was barely any of him there, you know? Maybe he had distanced from me or maybe he just didn't have enough real emotions for me to actually ever feel.  His brain's all messed up and he doesn't really seem to know where he is or what's going on.  But now he's...asleep."
"I take care of myself," said Tony.  That was perhaps the biggest lie he'd told all day.  He had only begun caring for himself in the last week.  The fact that his physical was going so well was nothing sort of miraculous.  Starks had good genetics; that was the only explanation.  Tony wasn't sure he'd ever had a routine physical; he normally only went to the doctor after getting sick or injuring himself.  Despite the lack of proper physicals, he'd racked up an extensive medial history.  He'd cracked nine ribs in Afghanistan and had a shoulder, the right one, that dislocated periodically.  (He had first popped it out as a teenager on a Ducati, then again snowboard in the Alps in his twenties, and yet again in Afghanistan.)  He'd cracked seven teeth in his life and lost four more, getting them capped by the best cosmetic dentists Hollywood had to offer.  He had had chicken pox twice (once as an adult), chlamydia twice, gonorrhea once, herpes (outbreak free since 2008!), and the flu at least a half-dozen times.  Because he traveled a lot and engaged in risky behavior, Tony's medical history made him out to be a crash test dummy.  Yet all his essential vitals were perfectly normal, and they finally released him with the begrudging admittance that he was in good shape.
"Sleep with Captain America's mate and I ruin you," Natasha smiled, pressing her empty glass into one of the Morgan's hands before she slipped away with a wink, deadly red lips quilted up in a smile. She was probably having more fun than she had admittedly expected to.
She tried to push her way through the crowd toward him, but Steve was already heading toward the back door.
"Can I get two double burgers and a lot of chips?  Like three servings of chip?  And a shepherd pie?"
Just this once, he decided, he could bend the rules.
"Steve? Oh my God, are crying?"
Was Tony right? Was Steve disgusting? He didn't know but he was sure beginning to feel like it, all the hype from the fight dissipating the instant he stepped into lab 9.
Pietro was walking down the street, hands in his pockets, holding two coffees, when an Alpha walked past him the other way.  They knocked shoulders, hard; Pietro stumbled and accidentally stepped into the gutter, dropping one of the paper cups.
Phil gave Steve a look that said,
"Can't you just give him something to... calm him down?  Without fully knocking him out? I don't want Tony to fall asleep," Steve whispered. Maybe it was selfish, but he didn't want to be left alone.
relationship looks like!  ....come on, beefcake.  Obviously, your blood sugar is low.  Let's get you a sandwich," said Tony gently, threading their hands together.  "...wait 'til you see the information packs I got on these conversion therapy camps, Steve.  It's not just cutting out the gland, they do other stuff, too... trying to implant hackles and artificial knots and stuff... it was insane.  Dumping Alpha pheromones into them, electroshock, forcing them to mate other omegas, you wouldn't
Tony felt giddy, almost drunk.  "Oh... oh,
He sat up stiffly to see nothing but sand all around him. The sun burned down on his face and he suddenly felt too hot in his clothes, but it was better than exposure.
Steve slipped into the walk in wardrobe and changed into clothes that were soft enough to sleep in. Then he reappeared and immediately went to refill a glass from the bedside full of water.
Tony was so good with people. Steve really didn't know how he did it. He was charismatic and charming and acted like this was his every day or something. He was adaptable in way Steve didn't think he could ever be but he also couldn't help but admire Tony for it.
"You're looking a lot more bright-eyed than usual," he'd observed.
"A representative from Louisiana, one of the shooting guards for the Chicago Bulls, and Carson Daly."
Gleason was an omega.  That made sense, he guessed.  A bit rounder, with soft, androgynous features.  Probably a mother.
"--people judge omegas.  It's not fair, it's not right, but
Lola snorted into her drink, already quite drunk. Hal frowned. Abby stared down into her wine glass awkwardly.
He reached slowly behind his neck to touch his hackles.  They felt fine.
He slept like a rock.  When Steve joined him later, after saying good-night to the other omegas, he curled an arm around Tony's waist, tugging Tony to his chest and spooning him.  And despite the weird memory foam mattress and the silk sheets, luxuries Steve doubted he'd ever get used to, he slept like a rock, too.
Tony's words washed over him like water. They made him feel cool all over, grounded and centered. His touch felt as light as air as his fingertips glided over Steve's skin, making him shiver.
His hands were behind Tony's head, gripping the headboard to brace himself, to fuck Tony harder, to force the knot in over and over and--
The sun was up, but a glance at the bedside clock told him it was the next day.  Tony's brain did the math instantly.  He'd been asleep for sixteen hours.
"--so why don't you come with me and talk to him about it, since you're the expert?" asked Rhodey.  There was sarcasm in his voice but it was lost on Donner, who actually seemed to consider this.
He remembered what Natasha said. About finding Bucky trying to...
"I guess... that's a good reaction?" David said, not really sure what to say.
"Do you want me to?"
By the time they got to the house, Steve's hair was soaking wet and Tony was literally shaking with pent-up energy.
He kicked a small piece of ceramic, feeling on edge again; his hand reached out automatically and groped for Steve's.  Finding it, he squeezed, hard.
"There is an Air Force division with a mechanical flight suit that might qualify."
Tony laughed a little.  "That's another thing I like about you," he said softly.  "You never heard of me, because you're from, y'know, another time.  So... I get to be myself.  There's no preconceived notions.  You know, most people have heard of me, they have expectations... with you, I get the experience of starting from nothing and... that's kinda cool."
matter and you didn't exactly make your status look very good by having a meltdown when your mate turned out to be an asshole!" snapped Fury.
Gleason's brow furrowed.  "...it's very unusual for an omega to double-bond," he said.  "I've only seen it twice, actually. And in both cases, the Alphas were acers.  ...liked other Alphas," he explained to Sitwell, who looked confused.
"Jarv?" he called thickly.  "Update me on SHIELD."
"Fine.  Fine, I'll come upstairs and maybe, if I'm lucky, he'll actually manage to kill me this time!" snarled Tony, realizing Pepper wasn't going to leave without a fight.
Tony felt like Steve was shoving him away.  Omegas couldn't distance themselves from bonds.  Only Alphas could. But Steve's emotions made it clear that he didn't want to be bothered.  There was no longing there.  Just cold anger.
Steve had run off to be with Bucky.  He was coming back, but Tony was more aware than ever than he was only a "secondary" Alpha.  And he wondered if maybe, in part, this was some sort of revenge. Steve said he liked making points.  Tony had gone out to look at collars with him, and Steve had turned around and run off with some other Alpha... what better way to demonstrate to Tony that Tony wasn't in control?
Donner didn't move.  "I can, too."
"I know my rights, I don't have to answer any of your questions," sneered Freak.
"Two minutes," JARVIS announced monotonously.
"Come for me, omega," he murmured as he pounded Steve into the sheets.  "Show me what a good bitch you are... come for me, come for your Alpha..."  He nuzzled the back of Steve's neck encouragingly. He didn't feel the need to add that he was a couple of thrusts away from finishing, himself; he was sure Steve could feel it in the tightness of his muscles, the throbbing of his member.
And now he was here with his Alpha and it was like a whole new world.
"Can I?" asked Donner, looking excited by the prospect.
The rest of the meal was thankfully without drama. The plates were cleared away and they moved into a drawing room for drinks and coffee. Steve just wanted to go home. But home was a plane journey away. Even Irshad snapping at some big business Alpha about equality in the workplace wasn't enough to make him smile right now.
Sam crossed his arms.  "The guy's a pain in the ass, but let's take a step back.  You run missions with Barton. I was partnered to my wingman.  I don't think it's an issue. We've all been personally involved in missions and we've all been fine.  SHIELD approved him for combat so he's ready for combat. As long as we can turn of the comms so that we don't have to listen to him, I think he's a valuable asset, well worth having around.  And I think we're all gonna benefit from seeing how he does in the field."
And now Tony was snapping awake again.  He was on the floor in a limp heap, freezing cold, dripping wet, a shivering mess of pure panic.  They'd been holding his head under water and he was fighting them, certain he was going to drown, his chest on fire, and whenever they pulled his head up, it was all he could do to gasp greedily, desperately at the cold air for a breath before going under again.
"Yes, sir," said JARVIS genially.  He was used to being yelled at.
"...I'll drink another glass of water."
Bucky had always handled snipers. It wasn't as ingrained into Steve's instincts as it should have been. And he had been out of the game for a year now.  "Thank you," he said to Joey.
and sweet to me and... yeah, I was besotted." Hal's face lit up when she spoke about Steph. It was cute. And it made sense why so she was fascinated by Steve, if she studied the second World War in particular. It didn't surprise Steve that Hal was an academic either; she was so goddamn bright.
The issue wasn't really getting the suit to come to him, but to not cream him when it did.  Tony built rockets; he was great at making things go from point A to point B. But now that he was point B, he didn't really want the thing in question to explode on impact.
Tony laughed, squirming as Steve kissed his stomach.  "What, like I know how the hell to give a blowjob?"  He looked down at Steve's face on his stomach and stroked his cheek gently, smiling back at him.  A pause.  "I've given a couple," he admitted.  Another pause.  "In Afghanistan."  Another pause.  Tony's smiled faltered.  "I'm pretty sure having a gun held to your head isn't how you're supposed to do it, though."  He forced himself to crack a grin.
Christmas-y, the blue speckled with white flecks of snow and a moon in the centre with what appeared to be the silhouette of Santa's sleigh across it. Aria insisted he be festive but 'keep it classy.'
Steve shrugged. "I don't know. Write it down on paper?" Even Sam smiled a little at that.
"...soon to be
"  He sounded almost offended.
"You're kidding, right?" asked Steve.
“...sure,” Steve hummed, trying not to feel weird about all this.  He knelt on the bed carefully near Tony’s head and curled his fingers around the other's’ shoulders.  At least he knew how to do this.  After long sparring sessions with Natasha they often tried to ease each other’s sore muscles.  Whilst they did they would talk and sometimes she would teach him Russian, a little more every time.  She wanted him to be fluent by the end of the year.  Said it was a useful language to know.  And it was good to have goals.
He realized he was tearing up.
to get, through any means necessary.
.  Yeah, you're built, you're jacked, you're well-proportioned.  But that's not what I'm talking about."  Tony closed his eyes again, head lolling back.  "I'm talking about the way you smell.  The way you move.  Your inner artist, the... good-boy, scout's honor thing you've got going on.  It's not your looks, Steve.  It's.... it's how you smell.  You smell
Tony was trying to peek into the chapel; when the woman moved he got a whiff of something... odd.  He looked over at her, examining her critically. She was protesting to Judy, saying she didn't know what this was about but couldn't just hand over the kids to a stranger.
"Don't be sorry.  It's totally not true," said Tony firmly.  "They chose Steve because they knew he wouldn't give up, and that's what they needed.  A guy who wouldn't give up. Status had another to do with it."
Tony had all-but forgotten about Jeanette, at least temporarily.  His interest was completely captivated by Boswell, who had just handed him a drink.  Boswell had aged well, but he was probably in his late seventies and Tony knew he had a son that was Tony's age.
He spared a glance at Steve.  Steve was sitting there, bright pink, blushing, eyes roaming over Tony's body.
He cupped his Alpha's cheeks and pressed their foreheads together. Steve slowed his breath down to try and get Tony to copy it. He squeezed the back of his neck softly, trying to get Tony's dark and confused gaze to focus on his own.
"You're still brutal," said Tony lovingly, who didn't seem to mind her little jabs.  "That's why you were always my favorite redhead."
"Are you kidding?  Think about all the omegas out there who are being corrupted by Steve Rogers, and how much they could benefit from getting to meet his double."  There was something sinister in the way Gene said "meet." It was clear he meant something else. "Besides, like I said. He's been running around with a lot of other Alphas since Gideon severed their bond."
Fury and Steve didn't respond, they were already going over the files again together, heads ducked, concentrating, talking in low voices.
A better mate.  What you said, about not caring about me being dominant... if that's true... well... yeah."  He nuzzled Steve's neck, hanging off his arm.
"Hey, Ty!" said Tony enthusiastically.  "...hey, check this out!" He pointed to his crotch.
heat that didn't involve Bucky and nearly being killed."
Well.  No one ever said being undercover was easy.  Steve hung up on Natasha to clutch his cramping middle and roll around groaning, and at least for a while, his mind wasn't on Stark's upcoming party or Stark's recent near-death experience or Stark's awful fucking attitude, but on his smell, the color of his eyes, and the allure of him as an Alpha.
There was a whoosh, a thunk, and the back of Tony's helmet slammed into his head, knocking him to the ground.
But he was too worn out to get into a big fight about it.  He desperately wanted to sleep; he felt like he'd been awake for a week.  Exhaustion was hitting him, hard.
"Of course I knew!" Banksy pinched his cheek gently. "You're too goddamn pretty."
"Terrifying!" said Tony with delight.  "I wanna laugh and cry and punch someone in the face.  My stomach keeps dropping, I keep getting choked up--"
His ma had just gotten him a set of colored pencils for his 18th birthday. She'd had to save up for so long. He'd loved them.  They were really good ones, the kind a real artist would--
"Project 84.  You'll see," promised Steve.  A smile quirked his lips upwards and his eyes glinted.  "They'll all see."
Passing through the crowd outside the house wasn't pleasant. Steve got to see Bethany punch a good few more signs in though and that certainly cheered him up. He tried to ignore the shouting and jeering, the general rumble of hate that came off of the crowd; they weren't worth it. Steve squeezed Tony's hand a little tighter.
stopped feeling? So yeah...not my best day, I have to admit."
Pepper's eyes were wide and her brow was knotted into a frown. Even in this proximity, a heat shouldn't be doing this to Tony...not with just an employee. Not unless Tony was actually and
"If I can't get drunk I really don't see the point in putting up with the taste of alcohol," Steve said. He'd never liked it all that much. The burn of whiskey had always made him grimace and pull faces before.  Omegas weren't expected to drink but Bucky liked to indulge him, and his reaction to hard liquor always made Bucky laugh. Not patronisingly, more in an endeared sort of way...
Pepper examined the tags, then slipped them into her pocket.  It would be better for Steve to deal with the tags later; the last thing in the world she needed was for Tony to find them and set him off again.
"Yours," Steve repeatedly softy, eyes fluttering shut as Tony's lips were forced to part for air. He didn't question it. In that moment, it was the truth.
"I couldn't tell," Steve replied, tone matter-of-fact and not intentionally mean.
Tony looked down at Steve again.  Was Steve a "good omega?" ...no. No, not really.  Not lately. Maybe he was to Bucky. But not to Tony.  Not by the strict definition of "good" being "obedient," anyway.
Stone caught Steve's eye and smiled.  "So here's Captain Steve Rogers! A pleasure to finally meet you, and congratulations on coming out... you've shaken things up and I couldn't be happier for it."  He stepped around an orchid. "...hell, are these all yours? There must be a thousand."
"He looks sick."
Tony barely glanced at the tickets on the table.  He got invited to conferences all the time.
"No, no.  You really were dynamite.  I swear."  She was on her tablet the whole time, working Steve's Twitter account for him, drumming up positive attention.
"Aria, come on--"
Steve grabbed the tin of water gratefully and downed it. A little dribbled down his chin but he didn't care. He sighed in relief as the cool liquid slipped down his throat. Steve closed his eyes as he leaned his head against the glass.
"If you don't wanna talk anymore, then just goddamn say it, Tony."
Steve huffed thoughtfully.  Hearing himself called "a bonded omega" felt weird.  He had thought he was unbonded.  Discovering his bond to Bucky was still there after all these years was like discovering he'd never lost his baby teeth, or something equally strange.
Dr. Brazinski was the head psychologist for SHIELD.  She was a beta with mousy brown hair and a pair of stylish green glasses.  Her office was cozy, with comfortable chairs and a small potted bonsai tree on her desk.  There were no pictures to hint at any sort of personal life.  The calendar behind the desk had a picture of a lighthouse.
Steve's phone was still going off from the floor.
"Uh... sure.  Yeah, sure, " said Tony, nodding.  He didn't feel like explaining to Steve how awkward it would be to try to reconnect with Aunt Peggy after all this time.  She had been a friend of Howard's, and Jarvis's, too, and Tony hadn't spoken to her in... shit, about twenty years.  It would just be too awkward.  But it was hard to say no to Steve when Steve seemed like he was in such a great mood.  "...you and her, you were close, right?  ...you think she'll be happy you're bonded?  Have you talked to her?  Does she know yet?  I guess everyone knows.  Have you talked to her?" asked Tony.  He had taken it for granted that Steve didn't really have anyone in his life.  Tony had no parents he had to impress, no siblings or old childhood friends who were protective of Steve.  There was the threat of Bucky, of course, but Tony wasn't especially scared of a guy who, even if he was alive, was well into his nineties and undoubtedly mentally compromised.  Amnesiac centenarians were the least of Tony's problems.
"Rainbows," repeated Tony incredulously.
And as usual, Steve had no clue what he was talking about and was not going to let him off that easy.
"Miss Potts is-"
"So... Tony...?" asked Steve, as they stepped over the springy bed of pine needles.
"Very good... thank you, sir... hail HYDRA."  The doctor hung up the phone and turned to the asset, smiling.  "Well, aren't you lucky to see another day.  And I get some dentistry practice.  So it looks like everyone's having a good day... except Pierce."  He chuckled a little and crossed the room to pull open a drawer and grab an armful of instruments.  "Come on, now," he instructed, jerking his head.
In the living room, Phil pushed his half-eaten sandwich out of his nest, feeling sick himself.  Not uncommon during heats. His phone pinged and he checked it. A text from Fury; the World Security Council was
Tony gritted his teeth as Steve looked over his hand.  The cool washcloth felt good on his face. But Tony didn't want to admit how much pain he was in.  Not after his omega had just lifted him up and set him on the counter like a china doll.
Wasn't it?
But Tony knew that the government waited for no man and so he tried to consider himself lucky to be allowed to tag along in the first place.
Tony shuffled out of the kitchen, through the living room.  DeSoto was staring at the television, fingers still in his ears.  Tony wondered if he would sit like that all day unless Tony stopped him.
"Yours? Remember?"
"Hi, Tony.  Happy birthday."
.  "I would never let myself be treated like that again. I swear. And I never wanted to make you look bad. I didn't want for there to be scar tissue left. I wanted you to bond me. I
"Oh no you don't Captain."
"Two hundred and fifty million, give or take a million," said Sam.
"Can we-- can we please not talk about him?" asked Donner with a gasp of pain.  "I-- I want my baby to-- to come-- to come with nice things. You know, like... like... rainbows."
"And, as long as I'm here, I want to know what the plan is for the end of November.  You have another heat coming up and if the asset continues to wake up each time, it constitutes a security risk that the WSC is not especially willing to put up with."
Tony was dead asleep and didn't move as Steve got into the sheets. He shed down to his boxers and then curled up against his mate, trying to ignore the thought of DeSoto outside. It didn't take him long to actually drift off in the end. It had been a very long day...and tomorrow would be even longer. And Steve was worried. if he couldn't get through to
His interview had gone viral and for a month there had been wild amounts of news coverage and speculation and people desperate for more news.  But it had died down to trickle now because there was no new news at all. Steve was gone, and so was Tony, and neither camp was providing any information at all.
Tony pulled Steve into an embrace, putting his hand on the back of Steve's head and letting Steve bury his face into Tony's chest.  As usual, Tony ended up on his tip-toes and Steve had to stoop a little.
The heat was ebbing inside of him. Steve had stopped breathing in the pheromones a while back now. "Now I'm going to go find some clothes and kill everyone single HYDRA operative in this building that I possibly can," he whispered against his cheek, voice too calm. "This is all I wanted. That's why I called Sitwell, I just..." Steve laughed weakly and let his head fall into his hands. He shook his head, still laughing breathlessly. His shoulders shook.  "I just wanted to kill someone. That's all I wanted.  ...I'm just as bad as they are.  ...God, what was I thinking?"
"Well, your subconscious is bringing up your other Alpha.  Which means he might not be dead."
His heart was pounding but he was struggling not to be anxious; he could smell Steve's response, Steve was panicking because he was panicking... he had to be strong for Steve.  Steve's murmured comforts were helping.
Tony was singing along to his music.  A sure sign he was feeling much better.  "...
again. He missed them fucking, essentially. There was no spontaneity at the moment; everything was...safe.
"And they're popular?"
"Dunno.  Don't care.  Hope they fire Gideon's pasty white ass and send him back to whatever hole he crawled out of," snarled Tony.
"I'm having a baby," announced Donner, looking proudly surprised.
Pepper yanked away.
Steve went back to moving cushions around so that Tony could prop his bad ankle up.
"Hey, Pep! I thought you were in New York."
"Okay, great.  ...don't follow me, I can get dressed on my own, seriously, I just need you to tie the tie when I come out..."
"You're going to be sick if I take you back down there," Steve said seriously. Drunk Tony was surprisingly passive.  Way more needy, and annoying. But less of the bullshit. "And you don't want all your guests to see you like this. You'll do something stupid, Tony, and then Pepper will kill me." He was only half joking. The surprise heat didn't put Steve in anyone's favour right now, really.
"Sam, we're headed to you. Tony's calmed down a bit. You need to stay in the cockpit; we don't want you smelling Steve."
The whole room went quiet.
Tony slipped his arms behind his head, staring at the ceiling, the room illuminated by the glow from his chest.  The thin white t-shirt he was in did little to muffle its light.
"Hey, JARV, set a course for... I dunno, east. I don't care, I just need some me time," said Tony.
Tony got dressed and stood up with a noticeable cringe.  He let Steve link their arms together but tried not to lean on him.
Hal shrugged and patted his arm. "There's only one real way to find out."
"I can see that," said Rhodey.
He had mixed feelings about locked collars being made illegal.  Tony had a strong libertarian slant; he generally felt everything should be legal, including drugs and weapons.  He disliked that handguns were illegal in London and disliked the idea that collars could be made illegal, too.
"Actually, I think he's pulling up right now.  Sorry for bugging you," lied Tony, hanging up.
Tony turned his attention to his phone so he wouldn't have to think about mortality.
"Please- please...oh my God. Oh my-" And then Steve felt Tony's cock pulse inside of him and he shuddered and came over the floor, letting out a shaky groan as he was dragged over the edge.
He stayed under for almost two minutes before he rose back up beside Tony, the look in his eyes easy and relaxed. The panic attack felt days ago even though it had been only an hour or two ago.
She rolled over with a groan and checked it.
"As long as I'm allowed to be silently indignant while she spews bullshit then sure, I'll go. It's not like we have anything else to really do and we want to collect as much information as possible, right?"
Steve straightened up. "Did you already
He shivered when Tony nuzzled and licked at the mark he'd left. Would this one stick properly? Surely it would...if it had tasted okay?
Steve smirked subtly and moved to tug Tony towards the bathroom. He left his Alpha to finish his coffee in the bedroom whilst he moved to turn on the shower.
"...how's Donner?" asked Tony conversationally, suddenly.
"...you know, it's weird that we celebrate birthdays.  Every year we're just... closer to... you know.  You ever... ever think about that?" asked Tony, looking up at the sky.  The light pollution in Malibu made most of the constellations invisible, but over the ocean, some stars were out.  In the distance, freighters moved slowly, small specks of light in the dark water.  It was impossible to tell where the line between sea and sky was in the dark.  Far below them, waves crashed against the cliffs, their sound almost drowned out by the loud electronic music floating in from the mansion.  "...like... Stan... if it were, you know, your very last year alive, hypothetically, and you
at him-- that was horrible.  There was nothing Steve could imagine that would ever throw them into that sort of conflict.
"Is Ron the kind of guy who goes to those auctions?"
"Do you ever just... wish you could stop thinking for a while?" Steve murmured. He guessed that was why Tony was hitting the booze hard today; Malick and his parents' up coming anniversary. But Steve couldn't get drunk (right? He'd never really tried to figure out a way to get drunk; the serum dampened the effects of most drugs considerably, as did his size.) There was no real escape for him, not right now.
"I'm just trying to work out, if he left for a specific reason... then that might tell us where he might be headed," Natasha explained, her tone kind and practical. "But as far as I'm aware Steve doesn't exactly have any safe houses lined up."
"Pietro.  Get the papers," hissed the man on the ground.  "Get them to Strucker, don't let--" He couldn't finish; Steve was twisting his ankle too hard.
Fuck.  Pepper.  By now she had probably seen the mansion or read the news.  Maybe it was better to from palladium poisoning than face her wrath.  Ha, ha.
The soldier had made camp in an empty house that was for sale.  He'd snatched a few newspapers and magazines from a local convenience store and had been pouring over them, trying to figure out... well, anything, really.  Some of it he didn't comprehend. But some of it he did.
"But we-- you-- did know, before?"
Fury turned and stormed off, knowing he'd expected too much in thinking Tony's question would have been a serious one.
"That's a bit much, isn't it?" asked Aria, sounding alarmed.
"I called you because you're an omega and I want an omega's perspective on bonding," said Tony.  "Seriously, I have no idea how anything works  Toss me a bone, Barton.  I suck at biology."
"War sucks and it's stupid and no one really wants to kill each other," Steve said, sipping at the syrup.
Tony shivered at the feeling of Steve's tongue on his finger and again at the command.  That's what it was, plain and simple.  A command.  From an omega!  Tony couldn't have ever imagined it; if he had, he would have expected it to be weird and hilarious, except it wasn't, because Steve's tone was serious, his face stern, and Tony could completely believe Steve had ordered around a special unit of Alphas and betas during the war.
Bucky obediently left to wait in the bedroom.
Tony had already picked out at least one restaurant he wanted to eat at.  It was a pub located on Frying Pan Alley and Tony's interest in going there largely had to do with the name of the street it was on, which sounded delightfully whimsical, like something straight out of Harry Potter.  He figured Steve would get a kick out of it.
"Thanks. I'll be in touch," Steve told Rex quietly. "You have a good night, Rex." He nodded and offered Steve a small smile. Then Steve stood and reluctantly left as the omega turned back to his book, knowing the conversation was over.
On the coffee table there was a newspaper.  "Allied Bombers Attack Maastricht; Heavy Casualties Reported," read the headline.  Another article on the same page: "Churchill Arrives in Italy, Pledges Support Against Japs."
"PIETRO!" screamed Wanda.
Tony took Steve's hand and clung to it.  He was feeling thoroughly creeped out.
"I'm just going to call an orthopedic doctor in," Dr. Martin said. "I want a second opinion Mr Stark's foot.  While there's no obvious fracture, I'm still concerned there could be some damage to--"
Pepper rolled her eyes.
"Kind of weird, if you ask me.  Howard Stark's son taking sloppy seconds.  Weird. There's no historical evidence that Howard Stark ever mated him, but let's face it, the man was a cad and Steve was an omega in the forties.  I'm guessing he got passed around a lot. Which is why I think it's ridiculous that everyone acts like him being triple-bonded is such a big deal."
." At some point Steve's knees had stopped holding out and he ended up laid out on the bed with Tony plastered over him.
At the time, she had resented him for doing something akin to what her father had done to her for the first 17 years of her life. That was okay, though, the resentment, because Toni was pretty sure that Steve had resented her right back for not being the last link to his past, as he might’ve hoped she would be.
Idly, he wondered whether that misunderstanding had any bearing on Rhodes’ intense dislike of him, but Steve dismissed the thought as soon as it formed. He knew exactly why the Lieutenant Colonel didn’t have any fondness for him; Rhodes had made his reasons perfectly clear back when Steve and Toni had first started dating…
Steve palmed her breast with his free hand, flicking her nipple, and leaned down to suckle the other one before she could catch her breath from the first sensation. She squirmed underneath him, moaning and arching off the bed helplessly.
Suddenly, a smirk broke out over Tony’s face, easy and amused. Though the tension didn’t leave him, his eyes lost some of its hardness, likely sensing their precipice of victory the same as Steve. “Neither,” the genius admitted brazenly. “It’s from Lion King 2.”
and though the super soldier appreciated the sentiment, it had still been a difficult call to make. No matter that his knee-jerk, emotional response was to take all their heavyweights with him, Steve had been forced to face the reality that he couldn’t simply leave New York completely undefended in the absence of most of the Avengers.
Hi guys!
Toni froze at the familiar sound of her father’s voice, willing herself desperately not to react like the same heartbroken little girl she remembered herself being, who’d kept trying to reach out to a father who’d only looked upon her with disgust.
The urge to laugh immediately died when her father cursed loudly and lifted his hand. It was a pose she was intimately familiar with, having been on the receiving end of that vicious backhand on more than one occasion.
Really, there wasn’t going to be a delicate way to ease Steve into the fact that she was calling him from underneath a fucking building. On the plus side; gotta love StarkTech.
Even so, Steve was hardly intimidated. “Shoot,” he invited indifferently, relatively certain that nothing the army man could say would surprise him. It was already obvious that the man hated him and had deemed him unworthy of being with his best friend; what else was there?
Clint had waltzed in like he owned the place not ten minutes before, commandeering Peter for some or other misadventure and leaving Toni and Steve to enjoy a lazy morning in bed like they’d initially planned on doing. The genius relished in having the complete attention of one Steven Grant Rogers focused solely on her; her lover simply chuckled throatily as she repeated the thought to him.
Steve had been the one who’d convinced him that there was more to himself than a mindless asset; but Toni had been the one who’d convinced him that there was more to
By all accounts, there should have been at least a little bit of wariness between Bucky and Toni, especially since the Winter Soldier programming had been so difficult for the former to throw off. More than that, after the fall of SHIELD, Toni had discovered that the Winter Soldier was responsible for her parents’ deaths. There was no reason for them to get along, and Steve had braced himself for a tug-of-war between his past with his best friend, and his present and future with the love of his life. Against all odds, however, Toni (who had trust issues stacked higher than the Avengers tower) had taken one look at a skittish and apprehensive Bucky, and welcomed him with open arms and easy acceptance. Much later, she had admitted to Steve that, looking at Bucky, it had become obvious to her that there was nothing she could do or say that would punish him more than he was punishing himself, even though it was something he hadn’t even had control over, and she’d wanted to make it easier instead of harder for him. It was, in retrospect, not unlike how Toni had befriended Bruce, by not judging the scientist based on a part of himself that he couldn’t control, but the real surprise had been how Bucky had responded.
“It’s my pleasure,” the British agent replied, smiling softly at him, although Steve was a bit preoccupied to fully appreciate it. Now that he was pretty sure he didn’t hate Toni, and thought that she might actually be among his friends, he had a self-imposed duty to make sure that Bucky didn’t go all… well, Bucky, on her. He loved his best friend like a brother, but the man was inordinately incapable of being in a relationship without breaking his partner’s heart before moving on to the next dame. He couldn’t call himself a friend if he allowed that to happen to Toni without trying to warn her.
“Do you blame me?”
“Too much paperwork.”
As if he’d heard the thought and wanted to prove otherwise, Rogers briskly walked away from the suit, purpose to his movements that hadn’t been there a few minutes ago. “We have a plan,” he announced to Banner and Barnes, only glancing at Jim long enough to get his nod of agreement. Not because he was backing the man up, but because Rhodey trusted Toni. “We’re going to be working our way down while Toni tries to climb and or blast her way up. We can’t afford to be slow, but we can’t be reckless either, so if the floodlights are straining anyone’s eyes or you think you’re flagging, stop and rest until daybreak. Everyone else, keep moving debris and be careful not to get injured or dislodge your platform in the process.”
And for the record, in all the years he’d known her, he was still entirely unable to say those words without the fondest of grins lighting up his face.
“Hey, c’mon, now,” he protested around a laugh. “I really don’t like fighting. I just don’t like bullies more. I understand that there’s sometimes a need to fight, because other alternatives just don’t work. But,” he added, tipping his head at her, “I think your alternative just might.”
Tiredly, she got the suit up and running again, smiling faintly when JARVIS’ voice greeted her again. “What’s the status, buddy?”
“She’s alive! But, oh, it seems the Iron Woman, Miss Toni Stark, has once again put her own interests above that of another’s,” was the clearest and closest voice Steve heard. “What else are we to expect from a woman who parades around acting like a defender, as if the entirety of her life before the creation of the Iron Woman suit wasn’t spent profiteering from death and destruction? A purported Avenger though she may be, today we see the truth as a young boy’s life is tragically lost thanks to the self-absorbed machinations of the one we call a superhero.”
“Sorry ‘bout that, Cap,” he apologized shortly, dipping his head towards Steve before turning on his heel. “Better phone Coulson, Stark,” he threw over his shoulder as he strode away. “SHIELD can foot the cleaning bill. How much does it cost, anyway, getting blood off of walls?”
“I need you to duck your head and block your ears, honey. Can you do that?” she asked, gently coaxing Peter’s face against her neck. It was the only way that she could be sure he wouldn’t see any of the devastation she’d left in her wake, or hear the sounds of the Avengers doing their jobs. Both had the potential to be equally traumatizing for the little boy.
“When you’re healed,” he promised, the barest hint of a growl in his voice that promised their brand of homecoming would be postponed, but not forgone. Toni shivered at the huskiness in Steve’s voice and marveled slightly at how the supersoldier managed to light such a deep-reaching, craving need inside her with nothing more than a few words and those lust-darkened blue eyes.
Steve clenched and unclenched his jaw repeatedly as he stared into nothingness. His posture was ramrod straight and he was unmoving as a statue – in fact, at some point, he was pretty sure that he’d slipped into a parade rest – but his mind? His mind, on the other hand, was positively
For his part, Steve looked completely shattered as he zeroed in on them, all but sprinting to where they were seated. Toni stood up quickly, automatically on the offense and wanting to eliminate the height advantage, but when Steve raised his arms towards her, she couldn’t help the instinctive flinch that drew her back.
Because it was easier to talk like this, Steve kept the other man in his arms. “I’m sorry,” he repeated in a low murmur, his eyes falling shut as he fairly nuzzled Tony’s temple. It was like he couldn’t help himself, now that he was close enough to touch, now that he
The one that stuck in his head the most; the one that he still wasn’t entirely sure he’d forgiven himself for; was of course the time that Howard Stark had crash-landed into their century. Steve still remembered with no small amount of self-recrimination, how he’d greeted the man like the long-lost friend he’d thought him to be. Invited him into their home. Defended him against the one person in the world whose side he should never have had to even think about taking. Steve wasn’t one to cuss excessively, if only because of Peter, but he’d fucked everything up so badly in those two days that he was still surprised Toni had forgiven him.
“I know a little something about legacy, you know,” Tony started conversationally, wrenching his eyes away from Steve and fixing them on Man-Child. Behind him, the armor shifted into sentry mode, but their captivated audience, thankfully, didn’t notice. An expression of pain darkened Tony’s face. “My old man, he rode me hard about it all my life. Legacy, the name, the image… it was everything.”
Toni responded with a fleeting brush of her lips against his. “Take me home,” she entreated quietly. “Let’s go home, Steve.”
At least Natasha had always known she was an asset; Toni had been brought up to know she was an asset, act like she was a spoiled rich girl, and think that she was nothing more than an irksome bug. And if the rumours about Howard Stark were to be believed, that last one had been a particular pleasure of his to enforce.
“Yes,” the brunet nodded firmly, but the softness in his eyes forced Steve to hold on to hope. “We were young, and we had plans and ideas for the future, and it was new and shiny and everything I’d never had before in my life. And then reality kicked in, and we ended up taking a different path to the one we initially thought we would. I remember when that happened, Steve. I remember why we broke up, and I’m a genius, if you’ll care to recall.” Tony made his voice dry, and Steve was helpless against the quirk of his lips. “I don’t make a habit of repeating my mistakes, at least not with the same person. This past week was just a way to say goodbye one more time,” he finished, brown eyes sincere and open in a way that held no space for half-truths.
After a choking swallow, he managed some semblance of words. “Pepper, is she… what did… do you know?” His voice was hoarse, as though he’d spent an entire night screaming his throat raw, which didn’t feel like an inaccurate prediction for the future if the unthinkable would come to pass.
, and took out the entire vehicle I was in. I was the only survivor. All those soldiers… they died because of me.” Whether she knew it or not, tears were slipping from pain-filled brown orbs, and Steve couldn’t stand to be silent a moment longer. Not now that he knew she was blaming herself for that.
“M’fine,” she mumbled blearily, unconsciously curling closer to the warmth of his chest. Before he could call bullshit on that, she waved a haphazard hand towards the satchel that Steve knew held her designs and some tools. “Jus’… need the lithium… lithium dioxide. Silver tube,” she added helpfully, when Steve’s expression morphed into something flustered and slightly panicked.
Had it been anyone else, Steve might have bristled with irritation, but he knew for a fact that Bucky loved Toni; granted, it was in a vastly different way to him, thank God for that, but he cared about the genius as much as he cared about Steve or any of his family.
?” he asked incredulously, unable to wrap his mind around the fact that someone was – insane? Brave? Both? – enough to follow him into the belly of the beast with nothing more to go on than his word. When all this was over, he owed the guy drinks for the rest of his life.
He became surer in his conviction the longer he stood watch over Peter, helpless to do anything against the fitful rest and small whimpers that occasionally left the child’s mouth. Thor had so hoped that regaling the boy with a tale of one of their battles before his nap would provide some reassurance; would, at the very least, serve as a reminder that his parents were Avengers and heroes and warriors of the highest order, and thus capable of surviving far more than a mere earthquake; but it seemed that the fear had followed the child into sleep. Curling his fists in frustration, Thor aimed a stormy blue gaze out the window, set off in the distance as he wished fervently for Heimdall’s power of Sight. If he could just see Toni, just know that she was alive, then he would be far better equipped to shelve his own fear and worry and deal with Peter’s.
If the softening of his eyes was any indication, he heard her sentiment loud and clear.
“There is a tradition in my family, to give this to a new mother,” she explained, and Toni had to listen carefully to the Spanish, lest she lose any of the explanation in translation. “This is a medallion of Saint Monica; she is said to be the patron saint of motherhood. I can think of none worthier of wielding the mother’s symbol than you, Toni Stark.”
The sound of the nickname had lifted her lips slightly, but it was Barnes’ second comment that elicited the first proper smile on Toni’s face. “I leave him with you for a week, Snowflake, and this is what I come back to?” she asked with her best put-upon tone, able to vividly picture the look of dual affection and exasperation that would come over Bucky’s face that Toni’s own nickname for him.
“You’re on,” Tony agreed, some of that softness in his eyes that was usually directed at Steve alone.
The son in question, curled up on the window seat that Toni usually claimed to sing him to sleep, didn’t even look up from where he’d buried his head in his arms, as the door swung softly open. A soft sniffle and the small shudder that rocked his frame told Toni all she needed to know, and she was pretty sure that her heart was hurting worse than when she’d put in the arc.
“You know you’re not supposed to come to the workshop without one of the others, sweet pea,” she whispered softly to him, pointedly keeping her back to her father and ignoring his muttered obscenities. “Where’s Steve?”
How was it possible for a man to look so achingly beautiful? The sun cresting over the city was a miracle in itself, and yet it paled in comparison to the soft smile that quirked full lips. The sky was lightened with the promise of day, but it was shadowed by the sparkle in honeysuckle eyes that lit Steve up from the inside out. Manhattan’s most impressive high-rises were as stunning as Lego towers when pitted against the sharp cut of Tony’s jaw, or the graceful arch of his neck, or the deceptively lean but powerful set of his shoulders.
“What I need,” Steve bit off, voice clipped, “is…”
When she recovered, Toni shuffled back. “In my defense, I kept my promise,” she pointed out helpfully, tapping Nat’s wristwatch. It was just shy of eight-fifteen; not too long after Peter’s bedtime.
But more than that, it had given her the chance to gain a friend…
“What is the matter with you?” Steve finally managed to splutter, after three failed tries at forming words to express his vexation. Toni seemed genuinely undisturbed by her own disregard for pain, and the soldier wasn’t sure whether he was more worried about that, or the bullet that had torn a gash through her side.
What did surprise him, however, was the sudden explosion of rubble behind him and the achingly familiar sound of repulsor boots.
From the looks that Rogers and Barnes and Banner exchanged, Jim wondered whether he wanted to hear the answer.
Toni nodded, albeit reluctantly. “I’m pretty sure you promised me 36 hours,” she reminded him with a smirk, trying not to lament what could have been. And she didn’t just mean the I-missed-you-so-much-sex. Transferring her hand to his face without taking her forehead off his, the genius caressed Steve’s cheek. “This might not mean much,” she prefaced with a faint note of warning in her whispered voice, “but there wasn’t a single second that I didn’t think you would find me.”
Of course, he should have known better than to expect her to agree.
and whatever other dramatic declarations of urgency the SHIELD director deigned to make. She didn’t bother paying it much heed, not when she could instead study Steve’s face and the adorable expressions he made, especially the faint disapproval when Fury cussed or, more memorably, the glint of temper when the man had cussed in relation to her. Steve’s protectiveness was a force not unknown to any of their team, and it was something most of them tried to avoid for fear of their health, especially after that memorable incident when her boyfriend had broken some idiot’s jaw when he’d tried to grope her at an SI gala.
about so many things when all this was over.
Post-serum strength included.
What did it say about Steve, exactly, that he would have taken those insults with a smile if Tony had actually spoken them to him?
The truth in that statement extinguished the worst of Steve’s panicky rage. There was no guarantee that he would have been able to unearth himself from the spot so that they wouldn’t have to keep digging, and the odds were good that he would have hurt himself in the process, which would have stopped him from the rest of the efforts to save Toni. Not to mention that his girlfriend definitely would have had all their asses if Steve had pulled a stunt like that and she’d gotten wind. Toni hid hers a lot better than he did, but she was equally as protective of him as he was of her. He knew that for a fact; he’d seen it up close and personal, after all…
Jokes aside, there was no denying the raw relief that Toni could feel coming off Hawkeye in waves as he carefully hugged her back. “I missed you, too, Birdbrain,” she told him fondly, granting him a soft grin as she pulled away. Then, remembering the conversation she’d had with Peter before this entire mess, the inventor narrowed her eyes. “But you should know, as soon as I’m cleared by Banner, I’m gonna kick your Hawk-ass for teaching my son to climb to one of the highest shelves in the pantry.”
Enjoy! <3
His thoughts were a dangerous thing to get lost in during this time, so Thor strove to keep his mind alert and positive. It wasn’t altogether an easy task, even despite his generally sunny disposition, because for all that he was what many would call undyingly optimistic, the Thunder God was still a warrior. A warrior who had lived a great deal longer than most and who had seen horrors stretching from all ends of Yggdrasill. Thor had seen the best of every realm and the worst as well, and he had seen the mightiest warriors felled by a greater foe than any.
Which was when Peter had had the best idea
“Sure am,” Toni answered, clearing her throat in an effort to dispel the lump that kept tangling it. It was obviously a lost cause, trying not to think of her mischievous little boy, but then, maybe it was best she didn’t. Thoughts of him, of Steve and home, would make sure that she kept fighting. “My son’s name is Peter.”
That Starks
Tony seemed taken aback enough for them both, but no one had ever accused the man of getting flustered under pressure. “Yes,” he answered matter-of-factly after a brief second. Though the answer was delivered almost carelessly, it didn’t escape Steve’s notice that the brunet tensed slightly. “Is that what this is about? You’re… are you…?”
“It isn’t all it’s cracked up to be,” Toni replied, pursing her lips as she regarded her half-empty glass, and the fact that she wasn’t mocking him made Steve smile a little. “Although sometimes, dulled senses are a damned blessing.”
“Good. He’s waiting,” Natasha said unnecessarily, stepping away as Steve wrapped an arm around Toni. The supersoldier was harboring the not-so-discreet fear that she was going to collapse before making it inside; a fear not unfounded, she grudgingly conceded, given her exhaustion and extensive injuries.
The picture inside the envelope hadn’t changed; it was still Steve, bound to a pillar, shirtless and uninjured save for the sluggishly bleeding wound on the side of his head that told the story of just how those cowards had managed to get the drop on his boyfriend. Three red dots were trained unerringly over Steve’s heart, the shooters out of the frame but making their point rather loudly. There was still block lettering in black marker on the back that clearly read:
“It’s okay.” He interrupted, seeming to catch Tony by surprise. “You lost track of time. It happens.” Not that it hadn’t had an impact. Steve would have been lying if he tried to pretend otherwise. But, now that Tony was here and so obviously wanted to be, it felt easy to forgive.
Tony was the one who walked into Steve and Bucky’s apartment, took a look at the papers and water already set up on their small kitchen table, and immediately shook his head. Scooping the paper and both glasses of water up in one hand, his arm holding water glasses pressed against his body. Somehow juggling everything at once, while he offered a hand to Steve.
Which honestly was what first surprised Steve. He hadn’t taken Tony for the kind of guy who kept exceedingly detailed and organized kink lists filled out and updated to share with prospective doms as needed? Truth be told, he didn’t know anyone who did that. And, he was definitely well tapped in to the safer sex community.
And, Steve was momentarily confused, but he played along.
He knew he was overly earnest. He’d received that feedback from more than one partner before. It was important to him though. To be earnest. To say things directly. To never assume they didn’t need to be said. Because often, he felt, those were the things that needed said the most.
“Ask him out.” Bucky told him, not for the first time. His expression long-suffering. It had been a week, but that week has been plenty of time for Bucky to become more than a bit annoyed with his reluctance.
Bucky let him talk. Gave him time. He knew better than most that words can take time. And, Steve was always undeniably grateful for that.
Richard went on to go through series of diagrams, making jokes to try and ease the awkwardness and Steve sort of had to admit he liked him. He didn't make any derogatory comments about omegas, or anyone else, for that matter.  He used horseshoe interchangeably with omega, but Steve had grown up in a time when horseshoe was the normal term and he didn't feel like Richard's use of it was malicious in the slightest.
When Tony woke up the next day, yawning, he took his time in the shower, brushing his teeth and shaving under the warm spray of water, not wanting to face what he was sure was a total clusterfuck downstairs.
Metal fingers closed around his neck and lifted him into the air like he weighed of nothing and all of a sudden Steve couldn't breathe. It was a
"I've seen every episode of your show," said Donner to Boswell meekly.
"Sure Buck. You don't look so good," Steve said even though the last thing he wanted right now was to be alone with him. Dugan was gathering up the money Howard had left them. "You boys buy a round, we'll be right back."
But any fears he had were kept at bay when he slept beside Tony.  His mate.
Tony beamed.  He loved showing off, and hacking into SHIELD hadn't been easy.  Also, bringing up the records had the desired effect; Steve had forgotten all about Tony's eavesdropping.
Bucky would have been a better Alpha than him.  They'd been mated only days and already Steve was in danger because of him.  Tony's guilt was pushing him over the edge; he wasn't equipped, emotionally, to handle these kinds of feelings.
.. Natasha, and Phil, and Clint... and I couldn't.  But I wanna stay friends.  I like how..."  Tony cracked a smile suddenly.  "I
Tony let Steve pull him into the shower and happily made out with him while the water coursed down his body, rinsing off their body fluids.  His hands roamed over Steve's body and his tongue explored his mouth; actual washing was an afterthought.  Any actual washing occurred was mostly thanks to Steve's attention.
Steve's cheeks burned hot with embarrassment when Bucky pinned him so easily against the wall. He didn't say anything. He didn't beg. He might have in private but not in front of this director and scientists. Steve swallowed thickly under the metal curve of his bucky's arm, knowing it would leave a mark if he fought against it. He didn't.
But that was beside the point. If Bucky was out there, hurting somewhere...and Steve had done nothing... and he'd left him alone dying in the snow... screw being a terrible mate, that made him a terrible
turned.
know, I just... it didn't click until I saw you doing your thing.  But I love you, Steve. I love you even if you're a leg-breaking psychopath, you're my omega and I want you to be happy and I think you're a damned incredible soldier."
"Huh," said Tony.
It was no surprise to either of them when they woke the next morning to find it even more swollen.  Tony's first complaint was that he wouldn't be able to work in the shop with his hand so thoroughly out of commission.
"They'll be mad I didn't tell them where Steve was in the first place."
"I don't think I do, Mr. Stark."
Tony looked up; Steve was holding a case, the empty cuffs dangling from it.  At Steve's feet was a hand. A human hand, pale and limp, ending in a stump.
Tony nodded.  "Guess it does," he agreed.  He felt a lump form in his throat at the thought of losing Steve.  Of going back to a life of opulent parties without meaning.  His grip on Steve's hand tightened a little.  "Please excuse me," he said with uncharacteristic politeness, and turned to where Steve was chatting up the president and his wife.
"Give us one minute," Steve told DeSoto and then turned around, gently guiding Tony back into bed. "Right. You're going to sleep, or else you'll feel awful in the morning." He probably would regardless, but Steve figured the more sleep the better. "Don't worry about money right now. Pepper can rant at you in the morning, but if everything goes my way...you won't have to buy anyone at the auction," Steve assured him softly and leaned over to kiss Tony's forehead as he tucked him in.
"What?" he asked, looking down.
Tony settled comfortably in a tan lounge chair on the other side of her desk, looking around curiously.
"Steve?  ...you know I've never ask you to kneel for me if you didn't want to, or to wear a collar, right?" asked Tony softly, not even sure if Steve was awake or not.  Steve had knelt for Tony plenty of times, in private. But never in public. The one time Tony had asked him to, at the Expo, he hadn't, and looking back on it, Tony was glad he hadn't.  "...I don't wanna be like Malick." A pause, Tony still staring at the steady wash of blue light on the ceiling. "...the thing is, when I was a kid, and this was like, the seventies... actually, a lot of omegas still wore collars.  Like, we'd go over to my dad's friends' houses and they would have house omegas that were collared, and, um, at the club, you know, all the omegas there were collared, too. I never actually thought about it. But the thing is you had these... these beautiful blonds, women in sarongs and guys in shorts, wearing these jeweled collars, and... I never thought of it as degrading, back then.  Honestly I thought it was really attractive. When you're a thirteen-year-old and you've got a couple of the Racebrook hotties fawning over you, you're not exactly thinking about civil rights, you know?" Another pause. "I feel shitty about it. I associated collars with omegas and omegas were... they were these attractive, pleasant servants... and yeah. I liked them. I'm sorry, Steve.  I feel so shitty admitting that. I swear, I'm trying so hard to get better for you. This whole situation sucks ass."
Steve had been right.  There were three omegas in the kitchen, a man and two women.
"Which is why it's important to get a second opinion," she countered.
Then Donner walked over and knelt down beside them. It took Malick a second to notice.
put on a towel."
beginning to understand why Pepper was so fond of him.  He gave Tony a quizzical look when he asked for his hand.  “Er, yes, it’s a double espresso, Mr. Stark,” he said, then slowly put out his hand.  There was something different in Tony’s tone.  Something that made Steve not want to question him.  It was a strange, unfamiliar sensation.  One Steve was sure he’d experienced before but not for a long, long time.  “You… need help getting out of bed?” he asked, somewhat confused.
Tony nodded across the courtyard.  A man and a woman, both Alphas, were seated with another woman, an omega.  The two Alphas were having an animated, pleasant conversation and wearing matching wedding bands.  The man's hand was on the omega's thigh; she was listening placidly, one hand over her heavily pregnant stomach.
"If he needs a place to stay, he can bunk with me," offered George suddenly.  "I've got a condo up north and, you know, with Luke gone and one of the kids going off to college, I have room for him."
"I'm sure he'll come back eventually," said Pepper soothingly, trying to break up Tony's pacing.  She kept inserting herself in front of him; Tony simply zipped around her, walking back and forth across the carpeted length of his luxurious hotel suite,
,” said Aria.
Even though Steve had been given more than thirty milliliters of ketamine, he woke before Tony, who had had only eight.
"I don't know if that's-"
"...if he truly loved you, he would have come for you.  Nearly thirty years I've been your handler. And he hasn't come for you yet, has he?"
It was very slightest out of focus and sepia-toned.  Eight men were looking at the camera.  Two of them Tony had recognized instantly.  His father, in the middle, stood out like a sore thumb in a turtleneck and a civilian jacket, a smug smirk on his face.  Steve was there right beside him, clean-shaven, chin tilted proudly up.  Tony had studied the other men carefully, methodically, left to right.  It looked obnoxiously integrated: there was a black guy on the far right and an Asian guy on the far left.  No women, though.  And Tony would bet his arc reactor that Steve was the only omega there.
"Tony, please."
"I'm sorry," gasped Bucky.  He had no memory of making anyone feeling this.  He had rarely been used for interrogation. There were dedicated interrogators for that purpose, men who had been trained for that, whose sole job was to extract information.  The Winter Soldier was merely an assassin and his job was to eliminate targets, quickly, smoothly. Many died before they even had a chance to scream.
Steve moved to lay down on the sofa as Tony nodded to do it, crawling up onto it (not standing.) He swallowed as he moved to lay on his back, head tilted back too his gaze was fixed up on Tony.
"...can I just ask one more thing?"
Tony grabbed the syrup and offered it to Steve, ruffling his hair.
In Westwood, Natasha watched Steve turn.  "Steve.  Please call me, if you need anything, okay?  I've been undercover my whole life.  I know what happens when you get in too deep, how it feels.  We don't have to talk.  If you just want to lay around in sweatpants eating ice cream--"
tasted like nothing he'd ever had before. He didn't even know how, but the bread was
Tony glanced away in submission before he could stop himself.  He hated himself for it.
and today was about just that. It was kind of a big deal. They were finally presenting themselves as a couple in an interview, a united front. Steve leaned his head in his hands as he looked down at his alpha, eyebrows raising slowly in expectance. "Come on. Once it's over we have the rest of the week to ourselves." And then it was Christmas. Steve was both excited and apprehensive. Christmas had never been much of an event for Steve before. He'd always been too poor or sick to really enjoy it, and it was often both. Hopefully this year would be different.
"54985870!" said Maria quickly.
He knew perfectly well it was short-lived, of course.  He'd already mentioned the upcoming quadranscentennial of his parents' death, in a little over two weeks, and now that he'd spoken it, it had begun lurking in the back of his mind like a dark shadow.  Tony usually dedicated at least a week to having a massive breakdown, moping around the house drunk in various stages of undress and playing classical dirges on the piano while Pepper calmly cancelled all his appointments for him.
did, huh?"
"My hand is fine," said Tony quickly.  "No lasting damage. Just a minor little break."  (A partial lie; the break on his thumb was a clean one but it was by no means "minor.")  "I think I had a break-through with the Mark VII. You know, modular, non-gantry, flight-capable armor?  Yeah. I got a whole arm to come to me and self-assemble. It, uh... it had a very small, very
Steve stared down at where their bodies were joined together and eloquently replied, "uhh..."
"I knew you'd feel responsible, because it was just after I left you. That's why I didn't tell you," Steve said and Peggy lightly tapped his arm.
Tony tilted his head back, closing his eyes and gripping the sheets as Steve went down on him.  "O-oh... oh... yeah..." He arched upwards, moaning appreciatively as Steve licking the head, ran his lips over the knot, teased up the underside.  His deep sense of annoyance and inadequacy because of Steve's other Alpha evaporated with Steve's ministrations, the smell of Steve's pheromones and the sensations of his tongue.  "All for you... all for my omega..." said Tony, straining. "Take... take it, omega... good boy... my little cumslut... sweet omega..." He gave a half-cry, half-whine as he came undone beneath Steve, weakly twitching.  Three days of sex had left him drained in every sense of the word, and his ejaculations were small and painful, his body desperate for a break.
Ty smiled faintly.  "Yes. I did. When you were being attacked."
Tony growled and struggled.  "
"I should probably just check on Tony--"
"Shower," mumbled Tony affirmatively, giving Steve a thumbs-up.
... what am I, chopped liver?  ...
Everyone laughed... Yeah, he sold for like, what, seven hundred grand?"
you don't want to mate, you
"Everyone likes the story about the banana. Look. I get it, I hate these parties too. Singers and shit...they're insane. They throw good parties though. You really can't get drunk huh?"
Maybe they were wrong, somehow, the doctors.  Maybe it wasn't what they thought.  Like with Barnes.  Maybe Steve was grossly mistaken and Barnes was dead and buried and not a threat to them.
to hide."
Least Tony could look at him right now. That was a bonus. Last night they'd both struggled with any eye contact of any kind.
Pepper forced a sad smile.  "Yeah, I see. Good job. ...please don't get drunk before noon."
." Steve caught his Alpha's wrists in a gentle grip. "Let the boring man speak and then we can go back upstairs." Tony seemed to be enjoying Steve holding his wrists together far too much; Tony grinned at him, manically.  Steve's touch was hot and firm, a wave of heat went through his groin and his cock twitched in his shorts.  Steve's blush only worsened and he cleared his throat again before glancing over to Sitwell, who did
"Drink?" asked Boswell, pointing to Tony with the hand gripping the glass.  Tony noticed his hands. Boswell's age was starting to show.
Cooper walked over and picked up his sister around the waist.  "C'mon, Lila, I'll swing you. Leave Captain America alone. He's too important to swing you and he'd prolly launch you into space anyways."
"Tony..." said Steve weakly. "Oh my
"I know you can do this Tony," Steve whispered, giving him an encouraging look, blue eyes genuine. "Really, don't look so stressed. You've got this," he said simply, voice soft and gentle. "Just...go save your life and then you can go back to being mad at me," Steve joked weakly with a half smile before stepping back as Tony got the contraption ready to create his new molecule. Atom?  Whatever.  One of the unfortunate effects of being frozen for sixty-five years is that Steve had the equivalent of a third-grade education and was desperately struggling to catch up on all the science, literature, and history he'd missed.
"Everyone's probably a bit scared of you," Haley shrugged and sucked her coke through her straw. "You know, most Alphas in here... they're threatened by you. Mine isn't. She thinks you're cool."
"In the afternoon there's one titled Dominance in Business and that might be good, too, you being a business guy and all..."
Tony let Steve wash his hair, pampering him.  He got the sense that Steve needed to do it, that Steve, as an omega, got some comfort from it.
"...that sounds awesome."
wouldn't get a drink even though they were allowed to in this setting.
Tiberius peered over at the headlines. "You know, most of those papers are intended for Alpha readership."
"Oh.  Oh, sweet Edison, you're kidding me," exclaimed Tony, bending over and retching.
Christine walked over and handed Tony another drink.  He'd switched from beers to double martinis.
Tony almost wanted to give Steve what he wanted, offer him a pleasant, token "please," only because he thought Steve might like it.  But he had always been obstinate, and he was an Alpha, and he thought manners were stupid.  Case in point: moments earlier he'd been drinking from the carton in his underwear while Fury watched.  Tony considered his irreverent attitude a fundamental part of his person.  And a strong Alpha didn't take orders from an omega.  Even if the omega in question was taller, heavier, stronger, and currently had him pinned.
Tony trudged back outside, leaving a significant puddle in the kitchen.  "STEVE! NATASHA'S ON THE PHONE!" he yelled.
-ing.
"Four days?" Steve echoed. It hadn't felt like four days. "I only slept once." Natasha gave him an alarmed look. "The room...it was always light. I had no idea." He shrugged. He wasn't surprised Natasha had been tracking him and he didn't really mind, knowing she'd done it as a friend and not SHIELD. And after everything...he was damned grateful too.
Tony sipped his shake thoughtfully.  He'd never noticed. He wracked his brain and, yes, sure enough, all the clientele had always been Alphas or the rare beta.  Tony couldn't believe, now, that he'd never noticed. Until Steve, Tony had never spared a glance toward omegas, never given them much thought.  Like poor people or Sokovians, they just weren't part of Tony's life.
"Oh.  Well, whatever, still.  She's down there and you guys are both, y'know, stand-up omega role models."  Tony nosed Steve's throat. "We can't hang out under a bed all night." He took a deep, shaky breath.  It was almost ten; he only had to hold his shit together for another two or three hours. He'd have a few drinks, and he'd be fine.
Nothing.
Tony knew he shouldn't relish that, but he did.
"Aren't you coming?" Eric asked, walking back over to them as they weren't heading into the conference room.
"What do you want, Malick?"
"But look, I brought you cigarettes."
"I'll call in some of our bond experts in Bern about this," one of the techs offered a moment later. "Obviously, we don't know the extent that this can be manipulated. Safe-guarding against it, however, might be impossible."
Steve was only vaguely aware of them pulling into the driveway, the group of protestors outside thinned considerably. Maybe because of the late hour or maybe because of today's events. Steve couldn't be sure.
"What if he's not here when we get back?" Sam asked.
being an omega. I'm Captain America
Bucky gave a tiny whine of protest when Steve finally pushed him away.  That was, hands-down, probably the best experience of his entire life. That he remembered, anyway.
Tony gestured in the air.  "But, okay, courtship, that's for pair-bonding, right?  Let's say they're
"You can't go.  ...Steve. Steve, they gotta send someone else.  Why aren't they sending me? They can't send you, you're... busy," protested Tony.  A corner of his upper lip was twitching. "It's too dangerous, you can't go to a HYDRA base, they tried to kidnap you, they
He tried to offer him a smile. It was small but genuine. "It's not like either of us are going anywhere..."
"добрый вечер, солдат."  Karpov turned to the scientists, who looked impressed.  "And
"The super serum isn't going to eventually kill me." Steve said bluntly. This was the Steve Rogers the media had talked about. The Captain who didn't take any bullshit, would say things how they were. He wouldn't dumb things down for Tony, he wouldn't soften them, he wouldn't
Fury nodded and dismissed the others with a wave.  He waited until they had walked a fair way down the hall before speaking.  "You wanna know about your dad."
"Ma'am?" asked Jarvis, appearing behind them.
Joey's outfit was... about as ridiculous as Steve's. But at least when he'd woken up in this century they'd toned his new uniform down a little (sadly only a little) where as Joey looked about as bright and lively as his forties get-up had. Steve supposed he should be 'seeing himself' in Joey or something but right now the guy looked far too... laid back.  Steve had always thought a reluctant soldier was the best kind.  He took no joy in his work, even if he was good at it.
"She does always give me weapons of some kind," Steve hummed in agreement. For his birthday it had been knives, and for Christmas it had been a special kind of grappling hook. Despite being decommissioned, it seemed that Natasha had chosen a theme and stuck to it.
"You're not getting away that easily," said Coulson.  Tony sulked the whole elevator ride down, his arms awkwardly crossed over his chest, armor gleaming.  He tried to look dignified as he opened the door to sub-level three and let his bots peel away the suit's interlocking plates while everyone stared.  He would have preferred to leave the armor on, but he could practically feel the palladium core of the reactor disintegrating inside him and he needed to preserve it at all costs.
"...are you crazy, Steve?  Air conditioning, bro!  That was one of the first lessons I learned from the Mark 1.  Air conditioning is a must.  Otherwise I'd be baked alive.  C'mon, it's metal, do you have any idea what the sun would do it if I didn't have a coolant system?"  Tony hopped up onto the counter, legs spread and dangling, holding the martini delicately.  "The flight went great, by the way.  Oh my God, Steve, this new reactor?  It's the best.  It's crazy efficient.  And also not killing me, which is always a plus.  ...you look great."  Tony sucked an olive off of a toothpick.  He'd learned years ago that a garnish often meant the difference between looking refined and looking like a lush.  He almost envied Steve's lifestyle.  He wished he could get the sort of high Steve seemed to get from exercise.
"You..."  Tony's voice was hoarse.  He cleared it.  "...you made me... breakfast," he said, staring at the tray in front of him.  He looked around the room.  Not his room.  Definitely not.  Tony's room was stark, spartan.  Large but empty.  With an enormous bed, with silk sheets.  This room was... homey.  Comfortable.  One of his suits was standing by the window.  Tony couldn't remember taking it.  Or rather, he did, but fuzzily.  He was pretty sure he'd hit something on the way; there was a few scuffs on one of the suit's shoulders.
"Steve, sweetheart, I've got a liver the size of a basketball.  I'm not gonna get sick," said Tony, who was definitely drunk. He gave Steve a grin.  At some point he'd let someone pop a party hat on him; he was looking quite a bit more festive than before.  "You've got one hell of a voice, Stevie. I love it. I love
He strode over to Steve, kneeling on the bed.  Steve's head was down, neck exposed, posture perfect.  Tony reached out to run a hand down his neck, briefly, an approval, then he waited for Steve to obey.  He hadn't asked Steve to pack the collar but Steve had and Tony held it gently in his hands, warming it, waiting for Steve.
Upstairs, having re-wrapped his leg, Steve had flopped back into the bed to stare at the ceiling.
He pulled the shield away from Steve and crammed it under the pipeline to check the level again.  It was perfect.
The director (for lack of a better term to call the man in the suit) ignored Steve's insult and repeated, more firmly, "Asset?"
"Yeah, that's enough photos," said Tony, trying to yank the album away from Steve.
She grinned wickedly.  "I thought so."
Lila and Cooper both tore down the hall, sliding in their socks along the hardwood floor.
"TONY!" shouted someone; a moment later, Tony was being yanked into a large bear hug.  "My God, I heard you were here but I didn't believe--
"Oh my God!"  Tony threw up a hand in exasperation.  "I
Well.  Not until now.
"I'll get the stuff signed by tomorrow," Steve assured him. Pepper smiled at him tiredly and patted his arm.
"Ask him yourself," said the man who was swiveling on the chair.
"...do you want me to wait for you outside?"
Tony stared up at Steve's face lazily, reaching up to stroke his jaw.
Aria texted Steve to let him know that she and Pepper were both glad things were going so well.  Reading between the lines, it was obvious March was as stressful a time for Pepper as for Tony. She spent a substantial amount of energy worrying about him; with Steve on the scene again, clearly, a burden had been lifted.
He groaned weakly and got up to shower and shave, leaving the breakfast offering where it was.  He threw on a pair of boxers and a t-shirt before heading downstairs; Aria and Steve were chatting, and Tony caught the last bit of their conversation.
As it stood now, he was getting better at getting the armor to come to him, at least.
"Hey. We're not putting any ideas in your head. This is just your sub-conscious, okay? There's not going to be a doctor, or five, triggering any simulations." He could feel how nervous his mate was and he could see it in the way Tony's eyes darted around like a fox. Steve sighed and run his thumb over the bumps of the engineer's knuckles.  It'll mostly be memories or things you've already thought of.  And I can still go in with you, if you want. Either way is fine. It's up to you."
But that could also just be paranoia, or shell-shock.  Steve knew all about shell-shock.  Or PTSD, as it was now called.  He might just be getting worked up over nothing.
"I follow my orders," he said, which was true.  His own opinions and desires did not factor into that equation.  There were certainly missions he liked more or less than others. For example, he had recently (or at least it felt like recently; there were big gaps in his memory, missing time, so he was never really sure when things had happened) had to kill a woman while she moaned for her husband, who was already dead, just to obtain an item.  He hadn't liked that but the mission had clearly stated there could be no witnesses and that it had to look like an accident. On the other hand, though, fucking the blond sounded like both an easy mission and also enjoyable, like being ordered to smoke a couple of cigarettes or something.
"Nothing you do is ever normal.  I'll get Steve an appointment with a omegologist."  She was already pulling out her BlackBerry.
Wait a second.  Gleason's stupid little scout group.
Tony had a million comebacks but they were gone the moment Steve started dropping the gs off the ends of his sentences.
"Woo!" yelled several people when they glimpsed Steve's stomach.
"Okay. Got it, thanks, Maria. I'll be on my way."
“Would you like to sit with your friend or find our own table?” The man offered, turning around. He sounded completely neutral, and Steve blinked back surprise at the implication that he didn’t mind the thought of someone else joining them. But, looking over at the booth he saw that Bucky looked perfectly content, messaging someone, probably Sam, from his phone.
As the words sunk in, so did disappointment. “That’s kind, but I’m not a sub.” He managed to get out without stumbling over any of it, keeping his tone carefully neutral.
Steve shared with Tony too. Talked about his anxiety and panic attacks. And, the fact that chronic illness is an absolute bitch and he’s pretty much constantly in pain. Talked about not getting enough sleep or food, not because he didn’t remember, but because he didn’t always have the money to. Talked about being trans.
He reviewed Tony’s lists that evening. And, took the initiative to make one of his own, following a similar format. Often his own negotiations had been less structured. More fluid. But, Tony clearly took a more organized approach. Steve wanted to meet him where he was at.
Steve nodded his agreement, before realizing Tony was still looking at the pictures. That he wouldn’t have seen the subtle motion. “I don’t.” He replied, not certain whether to sound annoyed. From most that would have been a sneer. Again, from Tony it merely sounded like an observation, maybe a question.
Steve texted back.
They’d teased at it some. Tony more than Steve. He was a flirt. And, sometimes a soft intimate moment felt just on the edge of power exchange.
But, he thought he’d like to get close to Tony like that. Close enough that he could feel the heat of the other man’s breath. Close enough that if they wanted, and they dared to ask, the two of them could slip their hands together easily.
His worries were cut off. “Precise chaos. I like it.” Was Tony’s final evaluation. And, that at least clearly was a compliment. Steve smiled, suddenly touched. Most folks’ comments were more generic. More about impressing him or putting him down. More about the interaction, than genuine perspectives.
“I’m sorry.” He apologized, for the second time that night. Just as painfully earnest as the first. “I should know better. Of course…”
.” And, that was the most puzzling statement of all. Had Tony seen something in it? Or…
“That would be lovely.” The man agreed, gorgeous smile splitting across his face again. A moment later he’d acquired his own drink, just a beer, and Steve belatedly thought that maybe he should have offered to pay.
Dress code was flexible. Steve had no patience for respectability politics anyways.
They hadn’t really talked about kink yet. Not since that first night. And, even then they’d only barely glanced on the topic.
Tony asked him to dinner. Promising the best burgers and milk shakes in town. Steve smiled to himself and told Tony he’d better deliver on that promise. Bucky, absolute jerk, looked up from where he’d been reading in the corner long enough to say “I told you so.” Steve flipped him off.
He didn’t blame Steve for being uncomfortable. Not that he ever would blame anyone for something like that. But, yeah, he wasn’t the most at home here either. Somehow he guessed that a lot of the people here wouldn’t think that being ace and aro was really queer enough. And, if that didn't tell you something about the vibe of the place, then Bucky didn’t know what would.
So, Steve collapsed face down into the couch, determined to hide from the world for the foreseeable future. But, before that he thumbed out a brief message on his phone, pausing only a moment before pressing send.
It only took a fraction of a second before Steve got with the program, taking control of the kiss and pressing in as close as he could manage. The sexy little moan she gave when he deepened the kiss made him want to hum in approval, but instead, he just kept savoring the unique taste that was Toni and dragging his teeth along her bottom lip just to hear her gasp. And then swallow that sound right up, too.
“You need to get those cuts checked out,” Barnes blurted, and it was the most obvious deflection in the world but it was still enough to turn Steve’s ire on himself instead of Tony. “They need bandaging.”
“Obviously not,” Howard nodded, and Steve’s temper cooled slightly until the man continued to speak. “If she’d been an experiment, she would not have been such a resounding failure.”
Now, he pulled back, but only so far that she could look into his eyes and hopefully see the burning truth there. “I spoke without thinking, and I’m sorry for that. It was stupid of me. But that’s exactly what you do to me; you drive me completely crazy and you make me stupid and you infuriate me because you keep treating yourself like you’re expendable when you’re the best fucking part of my life.”
Toni grinned, rocking her chair until it was balanced on the back two legs and propping her feet on the desk. “Oh, J, I love it when you talk dirty to me.”
such situation wherein his death or imminent death is guaranteed, to inform you of the nature of his
It was everything she needed to hear without actually being told.
“I love you,” he whispered, almost frantic for Steve to hear the words, to understand, to realize just why he couldn’t do shit like this to Tony again. “I love you, I love you, I love you.”
He was sorely tempted to call her on it right then and there, but another thing that the years with Toni had taught him, was when to push and when not to. The genius had a way of seeing multiple possibilities and charting several possible outcomes to a single action, so it was more than likely that her worry was based on a worst-case scenario, and none of them needed to be reminded of that possibility right now. It wouldn’t help Toni and it certainly wouldn’t help their rescue efforts. So Rhodes kept his mouth shut.
Steve, I’m just like my father! Everybody says so, even him! I’m going to…”
There was rage… but there were other things too. The ability to identify and care for family. The desire to protect. The presence of mind to follow orders and yet still act independently.
His words had the desired effect, and Toni laughed as she touched the front legs back to the ground, swinging her feet off the table. “I’m a woman of many talents. How goes the recon?”
Toni shifted just so much until she could watch over her sleeping son. A maelstrom of emotions all battled for dominance inside her. Absently, a thought waylaid her simmering emotions, and as she pondered it, and applied it to a more realistic reasoning approach…
He had been struck with a blast of longing so fierce, he had almost forgotten to breathe. In his defense, though, he had been presented with the scene of the woman he loved, holding a child that he knew he was going to be crazy about; a picture of family that would complete the one he and Toni had built in the Tower. He hadn’t known that it was something he’d wanted; certainly, they’d never spoken about it; but seeing it in that moment? The very picture of a future with the love of his life? There was nothing Steve had wanted more, with the obvious exception being the time when he’d been pining over the genius herself. It was the tangible promise of forever.
About JARVIS, but also about the rapidly depleting oxygen in the air bubble they’d managed to get caught in.
Judging from the brief grin on James Rhodes’ face, Steve was guessing that he wasn’t far off.
(See the end of the chapter for
Toni knew that she was taking something of a risk, using some of the battery power of the suit to call home, but she also knew that it wasn’t something that was up for debate or second consideration. Her watch; still displaying solid vital signs for the sleeping Maico; clearly told her that it was approaching eight-thirty PM at the tower, and that meant that it was closing in on Peter’s bedtime, and that meant that she needed to call to say goodnight to her son.
“No praying for you?” she asked curiously, conversationally. “No pleading?”
And one of the things that she loved most about Steve, was his ability to recognize when she was nearing the end of her tether. He was the only one that she felt safe and comfortable enough with, to let her guard down and expose the cracks in her metaphorical armor, and he took that honor seriously by always somehow knowing just when she needed a boost or a shoulder.
"Maybe we
Suddenly Tony's eyes welled up with tears.
SHIELD had screwed them both over, really, and yet here they both were, about to work for SHIELD. Maybe Steve was an hypocrite. Maybe he was an idiot. But they were his best option right now, weren't they? Who else could he turn to? Steve wanted to fight for the right thing and he couldn't do that by himself, could he? Maybe he was with the charity thing...but that was in politics, in media. SHIELD went that extra further step so no one else had to...
"Is that safe to do, while he's in preheat?" asked Pepper with alarm.
"The sequence was triggered by a memory of the Winter Soldier from last time," Natasha explained calmly. "This shouldn't really have anything to do with survivor’s guilt." She was speaking to both of them, but she didn't take her eyes off of Steve.
"You boys are supposed to be taking a break!" Pepper let out a noise of frustration. "But I suppose, if it'll make you happy...I'm sure they use very good caterers," she sounded sarcastic but it was genuinely Steve's idea of a good time. Free drinks and food, all whilst undermining the Alphaocracy and hanging out with some, what he was sure would be, lovely omegas. Maybe he could take them on a night out or something, away from their Alphas.  Convince them to be as "unruly" as he was. Oh, that would be hilarious.
A female omega opened the door and blinked at him.  "Can I help you?" she asked.  Clearly, she didn't recognize him.  She was wearing a pair of silk pants and a long black tunic with embroidery around the neck; she had on reading glasses that magnified her deep brown eyes.  She was pretty in the understated way that people who like reading nooks tend to have.
gets any less gross," he muttered, mostly to himself, rooting around in his chest.  He popped out the old core; it was a mess of corroded metal, glistening with discharge.  He popped the new one in and, without thinking, automatically, grabbed the blood analyzer on the desk and pricked a finger.
tell her I said that... but that Tijuana vasectomy was pretty sketchy..."  He lapsed into silence.  He'd been 19, and drunk, and had gotten it with encouragement from Obadiah.  It occurred to him, later in life, what a clever move it had been.  Tony's lifestyle was hopelessly reckless and if he died, Obadiah was poised to take over the company; the concern was that Tony would have an heir.  It was a ruthlessly calculating move and later, in his late twenties, Tony had found himself regretting the decision.
"Speaking of-- she's trying to call. Catch up later, alright? It was good to hear from you."
"He doesn't
Tony set his cards down.  "Fold."
yelled Tony.  Steve's smell had all but evaporated, thought Tony was aware, for the first time, of the taste of blood in his mouth from biting into Steve's neck.  Inside of the armor, there was a metallic, almost coppery scent combined with the VOC that a lot of people would probably associate with new cars. Tony had a lot of experience with that smell and in his opinion it was somewhere between a tennis ball and gunmetal just after firing.  It was incredibly grounding. It smelled nothing like an omega in heat.
Tony liked Eric.  Also, Eric was correct; wearing the collar was rubbing his hackles uncomfortably.  But there was nothing he could really do about that. He'd have to try not to get upset; he could only imagine how much worse it would be if his hackles were raised.
feeling anything other than drunk, smug, and productive.  There's nothing to work out, is there?  You and I had earth-shattering sex, which we both agree should be kept a dirty little secret, and I'm gonna go home now, and you're gonna go rub shoulders with your super secret league of justice or alliance of liberty or whatever the hell it is."
"Pretty much.  Is this normal?"
"They haven't spoken since Dubai," replied Arcadia.
"...I'm not mad at you."
When Steve was finally in front of Tony's cock it was hard and leaking. He licked a bead of precum away from the head and then blew over it, watching with delight as it made his Alpha squirm. "Patience is a virtue," he reminded him.
"I think we will eventually," Steve murmured. "But we haven't spent enough time together yet.  Besides, my cycles are all messed up. I barely had them before. I guess we'll work this out together," he said and nudged his nose against the other's jaw line. Steve let his eyes slip shut again and breathed in the comforting scent of his Alpha. Safe and with him and all around him. It was like they were in a bubble.  A safe, impenetrable bubble.  "We have another five or six months at least until we have to deal with it," Steve assured him and shifted a little, getting comfortable but making sure he didn't nudge Tony's sprained ankle. Steve could feel sleep tugging at his bones.
The bastard
to go out there?  You're Tony fucking Stark, isn't what you always say?  You're invincible.  You're just giving up on your pair-bond?  ...Tony?"
"'C-cause I'm s-scared of the dark."
He'd dressed in black jeans that Aria had packed him along with a soft blue shirt that was suited to the warm weather outside. He preferred looser things to more fitted clothes, especially after Maria and Joan had been squeezing at his arms.
"Did it just drop like ten degrees?  JARVIS, put on the heat!" he hollered.
"I met the president twice, you know. Back in the day. Not now, obviously," Steve murmured. "The first time was before I went to overseas. I was so honored and excited. Not a lot of omegas got to meet the goddamn president... I was like a child.  But then when we got there, they just wanted to show me off.  What the serum had done to me.  And he barely talked to me at all.  And when he did... he told me I'd make a brilliant Alpha. I didn't really know what he meant. I just told him that it wasn't really my style. He laughed, thought it was funny...and then he slapped my ass and went on his way. I didn't really know how to feel.  But the second time was different. I'd killed people, seen people die...I realised war wasn't what I thought it was. I'd learned that my status didn't mean shit out on the field," Steve whispered. "Mr. Roosevelt asked me how it was all going, and I told him. And then he tried to touch me again and I caught his wrist and just said: 'Don't.'  And then I walked away. I was shaking, I was so hyper. I couldn't believe I'd just done that."
"When was your last flu shot?"
"You don't like feeling out of control, and this is your way of trying to regain it, isn't it?"
So he was Steve again.  "...yeah, Tony?" asked Steve.
ed.  Tony slipped a proud arm around Steve's waist and leaned his head on Steve's shoulder, shoving the napkin back against his face so he didn't drip blood on Steve's clean white t-shirt.
"So there's more than one? asked Sam, looking just as unsettled as Natasha.
"I mean, obviously, minus the baby bulge and the knock-off Armani jacket," added Tony.  Under his breath, he muttered, "Yeah, obviously it's knock-off. You're not fooling anyone, pal."
"Tony? What's your status? Progress on getting us down these stairs?" demanded Steve impatiently.
Tony nearly dropped the glass when he heard Steve call his name.
ought to shut him up.
He slipped out of his chair and limped over to the stairs, exiting the shop and climbing heavily up the stairs.  "Unmute.  So, seriously, how's it work, can you guys knock each other up?  Female Alpha and male omega... who sticks what where, exactly?"
to us.  You don't get it.  You're not an Alpha.  When you walk into a room, you size everyone up, you check out everyone's dominance standing without even thinking about it.  And when you're like me, it's... it's hard, it's rough. Now I've got the best omega in the world and he's out of control and he's bonded to another, more dominant Alpha... you think people aren't talking?  You think people aren't interpreting that, judging me...? You have any idea how hard I worked to keep these scars secret so no one would realize what a failure I am as an Alpha? God, I bet Dad's spinning in his grave with how I turned out... I would trade all of my money, all of it, just to have the kind of standing Bucky does."
Banksy sniffed. He was drinking his wine a little quickly, but Steve didn't comment on it. "It felt like the right thing to do," he whispered. "I... I wanted to show how much people could change, you know? That Alphas can change."
Then he glanced up.  The reactor's blue light flooded Steve's face with light and Tony realized why his heart was beating the way it was.  His omega was creeped out.
"Donner. I said come over here now."
Tony decided that fortune favored the bold.  "I'm gonna be blunt. Are you a beta?"
He turned on his heel and started to walk away, and reflexively, Steve reached out and caught his wrist. Gently pulled Tony back against his chest and wrapped his arms around the smaller man to keep him trapped there.
He flicked his gaze towards her as she came to stand next to him, somehow managing a tremulous smile. “And yet you keep coming anyway,” he replied, drinking in the sight of her like it was the last time he ever would. Which seemed possible, now, even likely.
“Aw, c’mon, Toni,” Bucky wheedled, and it started a round of playful bickering between them. Steve felt strangely content as he watched on in amusement, Toni’s threats getting progressively more ridiculous while Bucky countered with reminders of little things he’d done for her before Steve had even got there.
Toni rose to straddle her lover, smirking down at him from her position on his lap. The evidence of Steve’s arousal was pretty hard to miss, but as tempting as it was to grind down on him like they both wanted, the inventor thought it would be infinitely more satisfying to tease him first. He had certainly taken a great enough pleasure in doing so to her.
Torment imploded inside Steve, choking him like something visceral, worse than any pain he’d ever endured.
Which was how Toni knew, irretrievably, that she was
“You couldn’t,” Toni replied with quiet conviction. She dragged her fingertips down his spine and back again, happy when he relaxed on a soundless sigh. “Trust in how much I trust you.”
Her face was smudged with dirt and blood, and usually bright amber eyes were now murky brown with a mixture of pain, disorientation, and probably a bone-deep fatigue. Steve knew that there were injuries he couldn’t quite see from his vantage point, and there was probably going to be a whole lot of comforting to be done on many counts, but she was
Laughing slightly, because Clint seemed to have that effect on her even now, Toni took pity on the archer and explained. “They’re working on it.” She knew they were; could still feel the occasional trickle of dust and dirt falling on to her and the kid, threatening ominously to bury them completely. It was enough to make her go close to crazy with tension and anticipation. “I’m using the suit’s backup power. It’s a long story.”
Steve let out a strangled sound at her words, but Toni was too wrapped up in the anguished thoughts that it might perhaps be better for Peter to live with a normal, loving family. One that wasn’t contaminated with Stark blood.
It was ridiculous that Steve had possessed and explored her body more thoroughly than anyone in the universe, and yet Toni still somehow blushed whenever he called her ‘baby’.
He might have been a little choked up, but as she always did, Toni made it better. “Hey, sexy,” she called up, voice croaky and hoarse and weak, but blessedly vibrant with life. “You come here often?”
“I can’t lose you,” he growled, sounding wrecked when he forced himself to pull away. “I won’t handle that. I wouldn’t want to.”
“You’re playing with fire, Stark,” Steve warned her lowly as he, too, rose from his reclined position. He replaced his fingers with his mouth, kissing her deep and messy as he wrapped an arm around her waist to pull her closer.
Steve anymore,” he whimpered through hitching breaths. “He… he y-yelled at you, and he li-… likes that horrible man more than u-us.”
The same way he had, Bucky repeated the diagnosis, as if hoping that saying it aloud would make it any less scary and dangerous. “Palladium poisoning, huh?” If the look on his face was any indicator, speaking the words didn’t help Bucky any more than it had helped Steve. “Fuck, Stevie. I was wonderin’ why Iron Man stopped coming on missions as much, but I didn’t think for a second it was somethin’ like this.” Shaking his head, he drained his glass, looking worn and agitated. “Toni, you stupid reckless genius.”
Using her teeth and her left hand, she ripped off her button-up blouse that had once been fitting, tasteful and pearl white, and used it to clumsily wrap her bicep. The white cotton tank top she was wearing underneath, which had somehow also gotten dust and grime on it, would probably have absorbed the blood better, but the thought of raising her arms long enough to get out of it was painful in and of itself.
She threw herself at Erskine even as he yelled, seeing something that apparently everyone had missed, and both of them went down with a misted spray of blood that turned Steve’s stomach. Somebody screamed and he vaguely registered Peggy shooting at the man who was now hightailing it from the room, but his first priority was the duo still on the floor.
The words, said with no heat, finally released some of the tension that both men were carrying. Without a word; not needing them; Steve stepped forward and grabbed Bucky into a tight hug. Not for the first time, a shaky breath of a relief shuddered through him, tormented still as he was with thoughts of what might have been.
That was totally her defense for employing Plan H. The H being for Hell in a Handbasket, of course.
Suddenly, she was grateful for the half-dozen SHIELD agents that Coulson had sent with Howard.
Didn’t she owe him that much?
For all that she tried, Toni couldn’t help the way her lips pursed at the title. She’d told everyone – Steve, more than once – that Peter was not her son. She was not the kid’s mother. She had taken him in as her ward, sure, and she was his legal guardian, but she was
Of course, the one big problem was that it would hinder her movement trying to get out.
Her son wasn’t the only one who needed to be reassured.
Gratitude and overwhelming love threatened to rob her of any semblance of composure that she was desperately clinging on to. Before it could strike, Peter hiccupped, the words falling from his mouth still muffled as he refused to lift his face from her neck, but changing from the constant stream of ‘Mommy’, which had been the only word forthcoming from the little boy.
They’d signed their own fates with it.
He was special. So special, and so incredibly unlike anyone that the super soldier had ever known before. He’d always known as much; of course he had; but when was the last time that Steve had expressed any of that appreciation? Was that why Tony was
After a moment, she pulled away, a smile in place that was familiar, but didn’t look quite right to him. “Just fine,” she replied, voice equally soft, and Steve couldn’t help the feeling that he was missing something. Then she was kissing him again, more deliberate this time, and Toni’s mouth against his was one of the top five things Steven Rogers thought made his life worth living, so it really wasn’t a wonder that he lost his train of thought.
