“Don’t you know? Everyone knows Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes are on terrible terms with each other. Heard there was a sort of sibling rivalry that’s been ongoing for
One of the soldiers covering them suddenly flinched back and fell to the ground, twitching. Red was blooming on his clothes from a bullet wound in his neck. His eyes stared upwards into the sky, terrified, before the light suddenly went out of them as he bled to death.
The man snatched up his cup of tea and plopped into his chair, avoiding John's eyes. They sat in silence, the tension building until John finally had enough.
He tried to smile, but it wouldn't come and with a last look into Sherlock's eyes, he shouldered his bag and walked away without a backward glance. He took only about ten agonizing steps before Sherlock suddenly called to him.
Greg suddenly tapped John’s shoulder. “I’m gonna round up the first years and try to find Hagrid!” he yelled over the wind and rain. “You go on ahead!”
“I met Sirius Black when I was 6 and deduced him as well, touching upon his family issues. I suspect he continues to hold a grudge against me because of that. I skip meals because eating is boring and digesting reduces brain activity so I tend to avoid it. The same goes for sleep.”
"I know," Sergeant Brandon says again. "But this is the unfortunate situation we're trapped in right now and we need you to help fill in the position of medic until the replacements arrive."
"I'm only going to help patch up the soldiers, I'm not going to be chasing down the terrorists." Now it was John who gave him a look.
He followed the corporal to the line of vehicles waiting by the gates. His unit was waiting in one. "Nice to see you show up, Watson," the driver, a man named Batista, called.
Students were already crowding the station platform, some sprinting for the nearby horseless carriages while others milled around in panicked confusion, all desperately trying to stay dry.
“I had the situation under control,” Holmes snapped. “I would’ve taken care them just fine if you hadn’t come barging in.”
Holmes scrunched his nose, looking disgusted, and the fevered light died. “No. No, that was not. Mycroft is in Slytherin and I’m
Lestrade clapped him on the shoulder and looked him in the eye. "I might not see you again before you go, so I'll just say this now in case I don't. Be careful out there, John. Don't do anything stupid and come back in one piece. Sherlock's not the only one who's going to miss you."
“I would have thought it was obvious, based on my wording. ‘If’ and ‘would have’ being the most telling.”
Sherlock's silvery eyes flashed with anger and his features twisted. "When were you going to tell me this?" he hissed.
, which Sherlock usually butchered while he was in one of his moods, but was now flowing beautifully. John closed his eyes, soaking it in. It will be a while until he could hear Sherlock playing again.
"No, no there was definitely something more than that," John said, following him up the stairs. "No one looks like that because of a fortune cookie."
“Then maybe that’s a sign that means you should stop being so nosy.” John gave him a pointed look as he disappeared into the bathroom amidst Sirius, Remus, and Peter’s chuckles. “No, really,” he said, poking his head around the door. “Lily probably just isn’t comfortable with the amount of attention you keep giving her. Maybe you should back off a little and give her some space.”
"I know." Sergeant Brandon looked upset. "But the British Army is requesting you to be deployed back to Afghanistan for a short period of time."
"Hold on, hold on!" John said quickly. He grabbed Batista's arm to stop him and the vehicle jerked to a stop. "I have to get to him."
"I thought it couldn't be more obvious," Sherlock sighed. "Put the groceries down; it doesn't make sense to bring them all over London."
He sucked in a deep breath, closing his eyes, thinking and debating. He was happy here in London, finally happy. He was happy in his little flat sipping tea and reading the paper, happy chasing criminals and visiting crime scenes in the dead of night. But he began to hear screams, begs, terrified wailing amidst the sounds of gunfire and explosions and a heartrending ache grew in him. Sherlock's face abruptly flashed behind his eyelids and his heart trembled, saying a silent apology. "Fine," he croaked, his voice was abruptly tight. "Fine, I'll do it."
John stiffened with surprise when two Slytherins came out of the shadows. Both were sixth years and seemed tall and imposing in the darkness. The shorter of the two— a wavy-haired girl who looked familiar although he couldn’t place where he’d seen her before— stepped forward into the light of the torches. She was holding a slim black book and smiled enticingly as she approached.
Anderson pulled out his wand and pointed it at John. “Stay out of this, Watson, and don’t you dare breathe a word about what you saw here or—”
Singh watched him for a few more seconds, then swung himself back upright. "You might want to finish that letter now," he said from above. "Mail ships out tomorrow afternoon."
She shrugged. “I dunno. I don’t know much about any of the Holmes brothers, to be honest. Most of what I heard was from the grapevine.” She made as if to steal another tart, but John held it out of her reach. “Fine, be that way. You better get on to bed, though, before you get caught after hours.” Sarah waved goodbye and began to walk away.
"What about your fortune?" John held his hand out for it, but Sherlock had already swept away towards the cashier.
But Lily shot him a look that could’ve frozen the rain to hail and didn’t reply. “How was your summer, John?” she asked instead.
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary; quite extraordinary.” John looked down at himself with wide eyes, still a little disbelieving that Holmes managed to catch all of that just by his watch, his hands, and only a glimpse of his fighting skills.
The three words, posed as an almost innocent question, struck John like a Bludger to the head. For the first time, he began to have a sense of how lonely Sherlock must have been before and after he arrived at Hogwarts. His mind formed an image of a young boy with black hair and big blue-gray eyes, reading textbooks all alone in his room, no one to play with and no one who he could share his brilliant mind and talent of deduction with, who people probably hated because of his uncanny ability and social ineptitude, and his heart ached for him.
They spent the ride in silence, not looking at each other. John stared unseeingly out the window, fists clenching, wishing he or Sherlock would break the tense quiet. But he couldn't think of anything to say. Something banal or something heartfelt? Should he say the common, cliché words of parting and tell Sherlock to take care of himself while he was gone? Or should he be daring, and reveal his feelings for the man?
Then suddenly Singh threw himself on top of him, shielding their heads with his arms. There was another earthshaking explosion and dirt and sand showered over them and John flinched as it landed in his eyes and mouth, reflexively closing them. Singh let out one terribly loud, pain-filled scream that echoed in John's ears. Then there was nothing but silence.
The carriage rolled to a stop ten minutes later and they all piled out. John apologized to Remus and Peter for cramming them in there, which they shook off with good grace. The rain hadn’t abated at all and they ran inside as soon as they jumped out of the carriage, shaking off excess water once safely ensconced in the Entrance Hall. Lily left for the Great Hall right afterwards, bidding a “see you later” to John as she walked past James, who watched her go out of the corner of his eye.
The other students have already filed into the dungeon by the time the late bell rings and Sherlock walks in after them. John watches as he chooses a seat in the corner, away from the others. Nobody gives him a second look.
And then Batista was there, grabbing him and the wounded soldier and dragging them away towards their vehicle. They make it in and they were moving, away from the battlefield back towards their base. They were safe. They made it out.
"Sorry." John ducked under it and they walked to Lestrade, who was standing to the side talking to Sally Donovan.
As he laid in bed that night before lights out, his thoughts wandered to 221B. Was Sherlock playing his violin or was he out helping Lestrade solve a particularly difficult case? Is he eating? John had made sure Mrs. Hudson would be there to shove food down Sherlock's throat if necessary, but that doesn't mean Sherlock wouldn't manipulate her into leaving him alone. Well, even if he managed to do that, there was still Mycroft to contend with.
“But what you did just now was very Gryffindor-ish. We all have qualities of the different houses within us, some more prevalent than others, which is what the Sorting Hat determines. You’re right that I have some Slytherin qualities, several of which are quite dominant, but the Hat sorted me into Ravenclaw for no doubt my intelligence and my eagerness to learn. You, on the other hand, could have easily gone to Hufflepuff but was Sorted to Gryffindor, more likely because of your aversion to injustice and your bravery and chivalry. I suspect it might have caused some confusion as your peers got to know you, but it doesn’t matter what they think. What matters really is where you feel you belong. If your gut instinct tells you you’re a Gryffindor, then Gryffindor it is.”
"Captain!" one of them yelled as John slid into the tiny space next to them. "We haven't been able to get a good shot. Small got shot in the hand—"
"That's weird," John said, frowning. It wasn't like Sherlock to pass up on a murder case. "I'll go up and get him." He unlocked the door and bounded up the stairs. "Sherlock?" he called as he entered their flat.
He snapped to attention at the sound of his name. A young corporal was jogging towards him. They exchanged salutes. "Sir, they're waiting for you at the south entrance," the corporal said.
“Managed to get the first years sorted out,” he said, shaking the rest of the rainwater out of his hair. “They’ll be coming soon.” He waved to John and went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.
Something thick caught in John's throat and a sharp pang pierced through him, stinging and stealing his breath away. He winced at the pain, shifting almost imperceptibly.
"Know also that my brother holds you in extremely high regard, Dr. Watson. Your loss will undo him. For his sake, I advise you to consider your actions before undertaking them."
Dessert was served soon afterwards and John helped himself to ice cream and fudge, feeling sleepier as his full stomach lulled him into a state of peace. He glanced, again, at the Ravenclaw table and this time saw Sherlock Holmes sitting next to a pretty brunette who was chatting with her friend and who seemed to be studiously ignoring the first year. In fact, nobody seemed to be willing to interact with the boy and the expression on his face wasn’t one of disappointment or sadness or even resignation. It was one of disregard, like he didn’t care that no one wanted to talk to him.
But John did not miss the tiny but entirely delighted smile that spread over Sherlock’s face once he thought John wasn’t looking.
Sergeant Brandon now looked grim. "There has been an increase in attacks from the terrorists over the past three months. They've been taking prisoners, pushing past our defenses on the front lines, and using guerrilla warfare to set surprise attacks on our camps and transport. Our soldiers could barely keep up. As a result, there has been a drastic decrease in medics and replacements will not be available until April of next year."
But the person who stepped out wasn't his best friend's older brother. Instead, a woman with stony features and a distinct military bearing got out of the car and went to stand in front of him. "Captain John Watson?"
"Move." He checked for a pulse, tried resuscitating him with CPR, but it was too late. "Damn. Damn!"
“No.” She straightens. “Please come with me, John. There’s someone who would like to speak with you.”
Sherlock made a face. “Fine,” he muttered. “And the house elves aren’t even making roast chicken tonight anyway.” John ignored the last comment.
John was about to join her like he usually did, but something stopped him. He looked again at Sherlock, sitting all alone in his corner, and his chest panged to see the little first year— or third year, as he skipped several years— by himself and his feet automatically carried him to Sherlock, who looked startled as he sat down next to him.
“John Watson.” Again, someone called his name. But this time it wasn’t posed as a question. It was lower and more aggressive: a demand for attention.
Mycroft scoffed. "Then it is your burden to bear." He looked at him again. "I will not pretend to understand your misguided feelings of honor that led you to make this foolish decision, but I will not stop you. I will only wish you well."
He blinked and the fantasy was gone. Sherlock's smile wavered slightly. "Be careful, John," he said. "Try not to be reckless."
"Would you like another cup of coffee, dear?" Mrs. Hudson asked, already getting up from her seat. "Or another piece of toast?"
Singh snorted. "Could've fooled me." He watched as John tapped his pencil against the paper as he ruminated on what to write. "So who is it?"
— who are dying in some godforsaken desert when I could've saved them and didn't lift a finger to help them. I couldn't save some of them before, but maybe this time I'll be able to. Maybe I'll fail, but I won't know unless I try. I
Holmes bit his lip once he stopped talking, searching John’s blank face for any clue of what the older boy was thinking. The silence stretched between them, seeming to go on for hours.
John had been in Afghanistan for four months now. Four months of cold, slushy snow, and blood. He shouldn't be complaining— he volunteered to come back— but he was even sicker of the battlefield than before. The guilt continued to gnaw at his insides while the cold bit at his extremities. Sleep had started to elude him and he could feel weariness dragging his steps and pulling at his eyelids, even if his mind wouldn't allow to rest.
“Not you too,” Sherlock complained. “My brother has been quite bothersome about this. I would like you to refrain from doing the same.”
He shook his head. “Mycroft always wants to control me and limit who I interact with.” He turns big blue eyes onto John. “Are you going to leave?”
John waved his thanks and stuck his hand out for a cab. To his surprise, one came immediately and he got in. "221B Baker Street, please."
She put her hand to her head in a salute, which John mimicked. "Sir, I am Sergeant Joyce Brandon, here to give you this." She holds out a plain white envelope with his name on it.
Two soldiers nearby motioned to him, indicating they would cover them. John nodded and on unspoken command, they rushed towards Batista's vehicle, moving as fast as they could. But the soldier's lame leg hindered progress and John's bad shoulder started to burn from the strain. The vehicle wasn't far, however, and they were getting closer.
“Both of whom have been introduced to my brother through you. Their friendship was also grudging, as I recall, and was only initiated due to one Lily Evans and you.”
"You know, Mycroft said something similar." John frowned. "But that can't be right. Sherlock won't be that upset. He barely notices when I'm gone. I know for a fact he talks to me even when I've been gone for hours."
“I told you, I was trying to apologize to you so I poked around a bit to see how I could approach you.”
"Is there anything else you need to bring? Scarves, mittens, extra socks?" Mrs. Hudson's hands fluttered, itching for something to do to stave off her nervousness. "Toothpaste?"
Lestrade awkwardly coughed. "Well, er, the bodies are inside the dining room." He gestured towards the house.
He nodded, suddenly unable to speak due to the lump in his throat, and she released him, smiling in a rather watery way. John smiled back at the woman who had been like a mother to him and turned away to pick up his duffel bag.
John stopped, frustrated. The words weren't coming to him. Everything sounded so bland and unremarkable. While war was by no means an exciting escapade, he had hoped he would have more things to write about before he sent news back home. He knew he should send something home now, to reassure them that he was fine before the fighting started and he would have fewer and fewer opportunities to write.
"John," Sherlock interrupted, not looking at his face and instead staring at his right knee. "You do not need to explain yourself. Mycroft has already informed me of your reasons for accepting the request. I…" He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before saying his next words in a fast rush. "I believe that what you're doing is extremely noble and I would like to apologize for my earlier behavior."
. A smile spread over his face. It was only a fortune cookie, hardly worth putting any stock in, but somehow the little slip of paper made his heart soar. "Huh, wrong again, Sherlock," he said, looking up. "Looks like—"
They sit in silence for what feels like hours, feeling the weight of the world bear down on their shoulders until Ross finally sighs, stands, and claps John on the shoulder. "You're a good man, John."
Remus ordered his bishop to capture John’s knight. To counter it, John took his rook with his queen and smirked. “Check.”
Sarah Sawyer sees John and waves him over, pointing to the empty seat next to her. “John, over here!”
John rolled his eyes as he stuck his toothbrush in his mouth. It was hard to tell who the bigger drama queen was sometimes: James Potter or Sirius Black. He finished brushing his teeth and climbed into bed, ready for sleep. “Goodnight,” he mumbled, letting his eyes droop shut.
John dimly registered that Lestrade and Anderson had left, leaving the two alone with the bodies. "I was only told today, when a Sergeant Joyce Brandon approached me while I was walking home from the market. The Army has been sending me letters and sending people to talk to me, but Mycroft has been intercepting them. Because of his interference, I only have two days before I have to go."
"Cookies tend to be ironic at the most unorthodox times," Sherlock said, smirking. "Mine will say that I'm about to have a chance encounter with someone from my past."
Sherlock shook his head and John sighed. "Alright. But don't do that to Mrs. Hudson. You know how worried she gets."
“Your brother doesn’t have to do with anything. I’m just saying what you said was… ruthless. It was something like what a Slytherin would say.”
“You presumed I was which could possibly be why you were trying to follow me around for the past two weeks, although now I know that you weren’t trying to harass me, even though your attempts to approach me were bothersome.” His eyes narrowed. “Why were you trying to talk to me? I could try to deduce it, but as you’re here, I might as well ask.”
James groaned and Sirius seemed stunned as he watched Holmes lope over to the applauding Ravenclaws. “How did you know?” James asked John, fishing his money out of his robes.
And that was the closest to an apology John was ever going to get. He smiled reassuringly, however. “I believe you.”
"I got you." John quickly got out his kit. "Look at me." He gave the boy a quick slap when he started to black out. "Tell me your name, age, anything." He hurried to treat the wound before the boy passed out.
"I'm not mocking you. I think what you're doing is incredibly brave and noble, but damn." Lestrade looked slightly sick. "You're going on the front lines, John, and it's extremely dangerous."
"It's really nothing to worry about, John," Sherlock said once outside. "It was just an unexpected surprise."
year Slytherin, her boyfriend Philip Anderson from Hufflepuff, and two others John didn’t know were standing around a crumpled body sprawled in front of a toppled desk. Pale blue-gray eyes and curly hair confirmed that it was Sherlock Holmes who they had shoved into the desk.
But he faltered, as he saw that Sherlock had gone rigid. His eyes flashed and his lips were pressed tight. The fortune was clutched in his hands, half-hidden and stretched taut. Sherlock suddenly blinked, took a quick breath, and looked up. "Did you say something, John?" His voice was pleasant, but there was a slight strain to it that would have been virtually undetectable by anyone not John Watson.
They had to get out. But John couldn't move for some reason. He tried to look around, but the only part of him that obeyed any command was his eyes. Batista was to his left, unconscious. The wounded soldier was stirring feebly, groaning.
James looked disappointed. “That’s it? But she knows about your sister and you know about hers. And what’s the ‘usual stuff’?”
Sherlock hadn't sent any Christmas presents, only a letter atop a box of Mrs. Hudson's biscuits— which were a huge hit amongst John's unit. But he didn't need to send a present to make John happy. Just hearing from him was enough.
The lights were on when he got up there, but Sherlock was nowhere to be found. John could hear water running, however, and assumed he was in the bathroom cleaning up. Deciding it was better to start with a peace offering, John put the kettle on for tea and leaned against the counter, staring into the distance.
He only nodded. There were no words he could offer that would give her any comfort, so all he did was hold her and wait for the sobs and tremors to subside.
“I’m trying to book the field as soon as possible,” Gaines was saying around a mouthful of steak and kidney pie. “But I know you guys will be wanting to adjust to your new schedules first.”
"When am I deployed?" She retrieves a second envelope from her pocket. "All the information you need will be stated in here."
"I know," John said, spotting the cringing soldier. He examined Small's hand, and winced as he saw that the man had lost two fingers. He wraps up the bleeding stumps and sends him on his way to get better treatment.
"Goddamnit, Sergeant!" John yelled, abruptly angry. "You can't just dump this on my head and expect me to come up with a reply on the spot!"
“Is something wrong?” Sarah Sawyer, a fellow third year and the brunette who was sitting next to Holmes earlier, asked kindly.
The faint sound of violin music pierced the air and he looked up again to see Sherlock at the window, his lissome hands drawing the bow over the strings while pressing on the fingerboard at the same time. Panic suddenly overtook John and he shook. He didn't know how to tell Sherlock he was leaving in two days' time for war. He didn't want to know Sherlock's reaction; would he be apathetic or would he be enraged? Would he call him a fool, much like what Mycroft did? Would he even care that John was going back to the battlefield?
He sat her down at her kitchen table and explained why Sherlock had disappeared. By the time he's done, Mrs. Hudson had tears in her eyes. "Oh, John…"
"You're okay," he muttered as he finished tying off the bandage. A medic, a man from John's barracks whose name he forgot, grabbed the boy and hauled him away.
They fall into silence, staring at a painting of a trio of witches in gaudy purple and gold robes snoring as they sprawled over the little sofas they were seated on. John turned to look at Sherlock, who seemed to have gotten his breath back. “How did you find me when I was being interrogated by your brother?”
"I have your mail." Ross handed over a creased envelope and John smiled despite himself, seeing Sherlock's familiar script printed on the front.
“Then we’re friends.” John turned to Slughorn, who had gotten over the shock of seeing Sherlock and John sitting together and had begun teaching.
A smile broke across John's face. "I'll be looking forward to it too." He shook Sherlock's hand, wishing for more, wishing he could grasp his shoulders and pull him down or pull himself up and kiss him until they were both breathless and gasping and John could finally know what it was like to taste Sherlock and feel the imprint of Sherlock's lips on his, their bodies pressed together—
“Oi, lay off of them,” Sirius Black snarled while Remus thumped John hard on the back. “Go find someone else to bother.”
A slightly hysterical laugh bubbled out of John’s chest. Of course. Only Sherlock. “Your brother is a prat.”
“Hm. Well, I suspect you heard the rumor that Mycroft and I are not on good terms with each other? Soo Lin Yao approached me about it and as it’s not a subject I wish to discuss with strangers, I deduced that she is involved with a criminal organization and her boyfriend is cheating on her with one of her friends.”
Once they did, Mrs. Hudson leaned back and wiped at her damp cheeks. "I'm so silly," she said, laughing. "Crying all over your jacket."
“I’ll bet you anything the little tosser will be in Slytherin as well,” James said viciously. “Just like his snot-nosed brother.”
“But that’s typecasting,” Lily protested. “This Sherlock is going through the same thing you did when everyone thought you’d land in Slytherin and yet you defied all expectations and got Sorted to Gryffindor. Sherlock might also be an exception.”
“Professor McGonagall’s looking for you,” the fifth year said. “Not sure what it’s about, but you should hurry.”
“Must be the brave and daring streak in me,” John said, grinning. “Why did you skive Astronomy? And why are you taking classes with third years?”
Worse than that was the homesickness. He missed Sherlock. He missed him with a desperate, aching, longing sadness that crushed his heart and drove the air from his lungs. When he closed his eyes and could finally dream, he dreamt of warm nights in 221B by the fire, sipping tea and laughing with Sherlock about one thing or another. Sometimes Sherlock would be playing his violin. Other times, his fantasies would emerge, and they would be kissing, with John's hands cupped around Sherlock's face or lingering at his narrow hips, holding him tenderly. Sometimes they would move on to more than kissing, but that's when his imagination fails him. He couldn't imagine what it would be like to be with Sherlock.
“I wasn’t going to fight them and I don’t have to. I wouldn’t resort to such plebian acts. I would have destroyed them another way.” There was a new chilling quality to his voice. “I can take one good look at them and deduce their life’s story in under two minutes. I could’ve stripped them raw, left all their secrets out in the open. I could ruin them without even lifting a finger.” There was a raw, burning light in the depths of those bright eyes. “I could have brought them so low, they never would’ve been able to crawl out of the pit I put them in.”
His head was fuzzy. His ears were ringing. He was disoriented. For a moment, he remembered Singh, right before he died.
Attempts to corner the boy had been failures as well, for Holmes always managed to slip away once class was dismissed or whenever he and John were in the same vicinity. If John didn’t know better, he would’ve thought Holmes was trying to avoid him. But there was a niggling feeling in the back of his mind that said that that might actually be the case.
John’s friends gave him concerned looks. “Thanks,” John said, fighting down the worry and apprehension. The fifth year nodded and walked away.
John laughed. “I suppose people would say that. So with Donovan and Anderson, you would’ve said worse things about them?”
A few seconds later, the bullets stop hitting the sand bags and John and the soldiers immediately fired back. They managed to gain the upper hand for a second, but someone on the enemy's side threw a grenade.
John got up and left before the soldier could say anything else. The death left a bitter taste in his mouth and he felt a stab of self-hatred pierce his heart. But there was nothing he could do but move on to the next injured soldier.
"I would never," Sherlock said fiercely. "I…" He paused. "I need my blogger," he said quietly, looking uncharacteristically pained. "You keep me right, John Watson."
"I got into a fight, obviously," Sherlock said, all arrogance and disdain. "Surely you can see that."
They gorged on little dumplings and leaf-wrapped sticky rice. Sherlock amused them both by making small, harmless deductions of the other patrons that John laughed at or commented on. A small, satisfied smile would appear on Sherlock's face each time and John made sure to commit it to memory. He wouldn't be able to carry a picture of Sherlock with him to Afghanistan, but this would be enough.
“Your relationship with your brother is slightly harder to read. Your vehemence against Donovan and Anderson, both bullies, say you harbor a strong dislike of them. Could be that you had experience defending others— most likely your brother; familial ties are far more revealing of a person— from bullies. Then there’s your watch. It’s cheap, hardly worth more than a few Muggle pounds, but it is well taken care of so it’s worth some sentimental value to you, so it’s a gift. Your parents could have bought it for you, but adults tend to spend a little more money to show their care and would’ve bought you something more durable and fancy. This watch, being so inexpensive, must have been paid for with a child’s pocket money so it must be your brother, if he’s around your age, who bought it for you. Your vacation abroad is shown by your tan. England this summer wasn’t sunny enough for sunbathing so you must have gone somewhere else for a decent length of time and, as you’re too young for business trips and your parents wouldn’t have brought you on one anyway, it must be vacation.”
Icy pale eyes, colder than the autumn rain, glared up at him. The boy got to his feet, ignoring the proffered hand, and swept away without a backwards glance. John turned, staring after him, but the boy was lost amongst the crush of bodies rushing towards the opposite direction.
“Accidentally knocked him over at the train station a while ago. Thought I’d bribe him with treats so he’d forgive me.” He held up the little bundle of tarts.
The boy grudgingly picked up a roll and began nibbling at it. “I don’t see why you always have to threaten me,” he complained. “I do listen to you, you know.”
"Queen and Country." John rolled the words over and over in his mouth, remembering when he himself had gone to war for this very reason, and shook his head. "What a load of shit."
"Have you any idea," Mycroft said, an undercurrent of some indescribable and painful emotion in his voice, "what this will do to my brother?"
John’s jaw clenched, but he didn’t turn back around. “Who I befriend and who Sherlock befriends is none of your bloody business. And you’re a bloody terrible brother for trying to bugger this up when it’s
“People always say that,” John said, shrugging helplessly. “I get along with everyone and I’m nice and patient and trust-worthy.”
The Sorting finished soon afterwards, with “Ullman, Terrence” sorted to Ravenclaw and Dumbledore stood, beaming at them all.
"Yes, sir." Akbar scrambled away and John bound his injured leg before getting up. His shoulder still hurt, but the pain had lessened and he was able to move it if he was careful. He picked his way towards the wall of sand bags. A group of soldiers were having trouble. They huddled behind the wall, waiting for a chance to retaliate.
She handed it to him. "If we had been able to approach you sooner, you could have had a week to prepare in advance. As it is now, you have only two days."
During dinner after the third day of term, John had attempted to approach Holmes again, but he had been missing. In fact, the boy rarely showed up during mealtimes and every time he did, it was with a resentful look on his face as he picked at his food. John also saw, what nobody else did, that whenever Holmes showed up for meals, Mycroft Holmes also looked a little smugger than usual.
The doors burst open and in strode Professor McGonagall leading a bunch of skittish first years, about thirty at most. The first years were all peering nervously around at the enchanted ceiling, the floating candles, and the curious faces of the seated students with fear and astonishment. However, only one of them was glancing about him with a look of almost disdain on his face. It was the boy John had knocked over in Hogsmeade Station.
“I’ll see you at breakfast tomorrow.” He smirked at Sherlock’s disgruntled expression. “Good night, Sherlock.”
Lestrade let out a shaky breath. "You idiot." He dragged his hands over his face. "You absolute idiot."
“Er, among the people I know, they just talk about Quidditch and schoolwork. The older boys talk about girls.”
Sarah laughed. “Anyone would’ve thought you’re a Hufflepuff rather than a Gryffindor; you’re so nice and caring.” She pointed towards the doors. “Holmes is gone; popped up like a weasel out of his seat and disappeared like the devil was after him. Probably was too.” She discreetly pointed towards Mycroft Holmes, who was quietly talking to a young woman next to him while twirling his signature umbrella in his hands.
"It's good." He looked down, hiding the sudden tears that came from the onslaught of emotion. "It's good."
“I’m not letting this go, Sherlock. You better be at dinner tonight or I’ll hunt you down and shove roast chicken down your throat.”
John stared at him, eyebrow raised, but his flatmate did not deign to give him an answer. "Alright, if you're not going to say anything I'll just go." He turned to go upstairs.
But Sherlock didn’t look concerned. “You’ve been watching me quite a bit,” he commented, raising an eyebrow.
Peter, John, Remus, Sirius, and James continued on their way to Gryffindor Tower, feeling full and soft after the meal and eager for rest. “
“He did have a dog when he was a child, but that is irrelevant.” Holmes fixed him with a stern glare. “Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock?”
"Two days," Sherlock breathed. He had stopped pacing. "Two days." He stuck his hand out. "Let me see the letter."
“No worries, John,” James said carelessly. “We’ll just pop down to the pitch during lunch tomorrow and practice a little.”
“No,” John said, his voice raspy. “They’re just curious, that’s all. Give it a few more weeks; things will die down.”
"Watch out!" Singh bellowed and John was tackled from behind. He was knocked to the ground, his face pressed into sand and dust and blood. And not a moment too soon, for a grenade exploded barely ten feet away with an earsplitting noise and a cloud of dust.
John yelped, then swore as he recognized the curls glinting under the light of the torches. “Sherlock. What are you doing here?”
“He even sleeps in the third years’ dorm,” Sarah Sawyer said to John one day in Care of Magical Creatures. “Everyone avoids him, though, even though a lot of people would like to pick his brain; he’s so gifted and smart. But I heard that Soo Lin Yao, the Ravenclaw Prefect, tried to talk to him once and he sent her away in tears.”
“Everyone’s staring,” Sherlock said dryly after a long beat of shocked silence. He was right: every single person in the room, even Professor Slughorn, was staring at the two of them. Sirius, James, and Sarah looked especially startled, but Lily was starting to smile.
But Sherlock ignored him. His eyes were moving incredibly fast over the paper and it took him less than half a minute before he stuffed it in his pocket. "Where's the other one?" He seized the second envelope from John's hand and again read at superhuman speed. "Two days," he snarled when he's done, his eyes wild and his face caught somewhere between rage and despair. "Two DAYS!" he roared. He turned and stormed out the door.
John sprinted to the soldier's side, in an awkward half crouch. He skidded to a stop next to him and the soldier looked up at him pleadingly. "It's alright, you're gonna be alright." John lifted the soldier's hands away from his leg and withdrew a tourniquet from his med pack, strapping it around the leg. "Okay, let's get you out of here," he said, hoisting the soldier up.
But on his way there, he suddenly heard voices coming from one of the abandoned classrooms on the first floor. Though muffled, he could tell the voices were far from friendly. Then there was the sound of something hitting a hard surface and a crash.
Lestrade looked uneasily at the house. "I don't want to know how Sherlock's going to take this. You realize he's going to be insufferable without you here?"
“Lupin and Pettigrew would not have approached Sherlock on their own terms,” Holmes said dismissively. “You were the only one who would have voluntarily extended the hand of friendship and you have.”
Sherlock was silent for a worryingly long time. “No one ever liked me,” he whispered. “Not Mummy, not Father, and certainly not Mycroft.”
"I have everything," John assured her. He grasped her hands. "I'll be fine," he said, smiling. "I'm only gone for a few months; I'll be back before you know it."
“Might as well. We’re doing the Confusing Concoction today. I suppose I’ll put a few drops in Anderson’s pumpkin juice tonight, just to see how much more of a fool he’ll be able to make of himself.”
Confused, John takes it. "What is it?" He opens it to find a letter addressed to him from the British Army.
Sherlock seemed to finally get himself together and gave him a sincere smile. "I'll be looking forward to the day you come home." He put forth a hand.
James, Sirius, and Peter had Ancient Runes homework and Remus and John decided to keep them company by playing a game of wizard’s chess. If Sherlock was with them, the game would have been decided in about five moves even with the combined efforts of John, Remus, Sirius, and James. John grinned, picturing the smug smile his friend would wear after one such match.
"I got it." Akbar pushed it back with a swift, hard push and John let out a shout as his eyes blurred from the pain.
But the boy let out a snort. “And my grandmother’s a hippogriff. Trust me on this, Remus. If there ever was a pureblood family more attuned to Slytherin than the Blacks or the Malfoys, it’s the Holmeses.”
John burst into giggles as he panted, chest heaving for breath as he bent over. “Okay. That was ridiculous. That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
He read it over, checking to see if there was anything else he should put in, before folding it up and sealing it in an envelope that Singh had clipped to the back of the notepad. He quickly penned another letter to Harry before passing the pencil and notepad back to Singh.
John took his time answering. "Because sometimes I still see the battlefield in my dreams. It haunts me, but what haunts me more are the faces of all the people I couldn't save. Some of them were too young. A lot had family and loved ones. I came back… because this is my second chance to help." He shrugged, but it came off despairing instead of nonchalant. "Maybe I shouldn't have. Five… five men died today because I couldn't save them."
Holmes, who had picked himself up from the floor, looked coldly back at her and opened his mouth as if to say something, but had she already looked away and was stalking towards John.
"Oh, yes. I'll make sure of it." There was a look in her eye that made John shift back, suddenly very nervous of the little old lady. "And if— Oh!"
Sherlock chuckled and John found himself desperately staring at him, drinking him in, trying to remember every single detail from the way the light turned his eyes a pale green and caught the brown in his hair to the shape of his lips with that delectable Cupid's bow and the glimmer of white teeth as he laughed. He was beautiful, so incredibly beautiful. Too beautiful for the corruption, hate, and pain John has seen and experienced. And yet John loved him so much it hurt like almost nothing else he'd experienced before.
As they watched, a seam in the Sorting Hat seemed to split open as the patchy thing came to life and started to sing its customary song.
"Watch over him, would you?" John abruptly asked. "Make sure he doesn't get killed doing something stupid."
“Wondering why my brother was bothering you.” Sherlock’s eyes met John’s, then looked away to a point over his shoulder. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
“She wanted to know if you accept my apology. I said yes.” John looked swiftly at him. “If that’s alright. You never said if you did accept it.”
Greg snorted. “You Gryffindors. Always risking your bloody necks looking for some harebrained adventure. You’re turning out to be as bad as Potter and his friends, John.”
John didn't think he wanted to know the answer. He didn't think he'll be able to take it if he left for Afghanistan with a broken heart.
There was a buzz of conversation after the name was called. This was it. The second child of the Holmes family, finally come to Hogwarts. Several eyes flitted to the Slytherin table, where Mycroft Holmes was shrewdly eyeing his younger brother.
As the rest of the students began to settle down with the occasional stomach grumble and friendly greeting towards classmates and acquaintances, John noticed Professor Flitwick bring the Sorting Hat and stool to the front of the Hall. The Sorting was starting soon.
The vehicle plowed into the ground, jarring its occupants. John smacked his head into something, probably Batista's arm. It hurt. He probably got a concussion.
Lestrade had gone by the time he came back out and Sherlock was climbing into a cab. "What took you so long?" he demanded, glaring.
“Good.” John abruptly ruffled his mop of curls and Sherlock shoved his hand away, scowling. “Do you want me to be your friend?”
Batista jerked the wheel to the right, performing an awkward U-turn. The convoy was in chaos around them. The unanimous unspoken decision was to retreat, but some were fighting back. John spotted a man huddled behind one vehicle, his face screwed up in pain as he clutched his right leg, which was covered in blood.
“Oi, pick on someone your own size!” John said furiously. He hated bullies. They reminded him of how the Muggles back home tormented Harry for liking girls before John found out and pummeled them to a pulp for it.
John gaped at him, but Sherlock's face did not change. "I, er, well, I wasn't expecting that," he muttered.
“You probably have a bit of it in you, then. Sirius Black did say your family was more Slytherin than most.”
an enigma. I hear a lot of stuff about you from loads of people. Sarah Sawyer says you’re brilliant, but you made Soo Lin Yao cry when she tried to talk to you. Sirius says you’re not ‘natural’, as in you’re not like normal people. You skip meals, sometimes for days on end, and when you do show up, you’re usually reluctant to eat. People, er, well they make an effort to avoid you in class and you skived off Astronomy after the first day. Hey!” He glared at Sherlock. “Why aren’t you in Transfiguration right now?”
Ahead, Sherlock was already holding up the crime scene tape. He looked over his shoulder when he saw that John wasn't there. "Hurry up, John!"
Someone pulled him away from the sand bags and he struggled until he realized it was Singh. The man was yelling something, but John's ears were ringing and he couldn't hear. He blinked in bemusement.
“We’re watching you, Watson,” she said, sticking her face close to his. “You’re going to regret this.”
John laughed as he opened the door and led the way to the dungeons. “By the way, there’s something you got wrong in your deductions.”
"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said from his spot by the window. "Mycroft will send a car."
He gave her a sharp look, but didn't say anything. Instead, he shouldered past them and disappeared upstairs. John gave Mrs. Hudson a helpless and frustrated look, then sighed. "I'll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Hudson."
The convoy being sent out today was to head southeast, aiming towards a little village that was occupied by the enemy. They capture that, and a whole swath of territory was theirs. John was there as medic, although he would also lead his own small unit.
The sixth year boy standing outside did not stop John as he stormed away without even bothering to think about where he was going. His mind was racing and he was unbelievably angry with the posh, pompous pureblood. Later, he might think it wasn’t such a smart idea to turn his back on such a powerful enemy, but he didn’t care. He hated the way Holmes spoke to him, like he could be enticed into spying on Sherlock for money and a set job in the future. Like Sherlock wasn’t good enough to be his friend or he wasn’t good enough to be Sherlock’s. Like he had the right to control Sherlock’s life. Screw that. Sherlock was his own person; he could make his own decisions.
Without further ado, they turned and dashed away as quickly and as quietly as they could. They pelted up staircases and veered around corners until they finally slumped against the wall in a corridor not far from the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
John nodded and went to get his gear from inside the tent that served as the barracks. The unit he was in had moved away from the base three months ago to a temporary encampment they'd set up at the edge of enemy territory. Every day was spent in heightened tension, waiting for the enemy to strike while they sent convoys in, going deeper and deeper, trying to gain as much ground as they could.
Sherlock, with his standoffish attitude, was harder to approach. John, however, was bombarded on all sides by people wanting to know everything, from whether John was pretending to be Sherlock’s friend so the Ravenclaw could do his homework for him to whether he and Sherlock were secretly dating. The last question, posed by an especially nosy 7
"The fortune? Ah, yes, it just hit a little too close to home, that's all." He airily waved his hand, brushing it off as he stood. "I was wrong about your fortune then? I'll get the tab. What does it say?" He snatched it up. "Rather far from the mark this time, wasn't I? Pity."
John looked at him sharply and Singh shrugged, or shrugged as much as he could while practically upside-down. "Not a problem if you're into blokes, Watson."
Holmes stared coldly down at him, then looked ponderously at his umbrella. “I must confess, your loyalty to my brother is rather unexpected.”
This was the eighteenth letter John had written since the first one and he wearily watched as it was taken away with the others to be shipped back home for friends and family to read.
John only half-listened as his eye roamed over the rest of the first years, wondering which of them would be put into Gryffindor. So far, none of them seemed to fit into the whole “brave and courageous” thing except for Holmes, who continued to look unfazed while the other children were entranced by the Hat, wonder and terror on their faces. But John had a good feeling Holmes wasn’t going to be Sorted into Gryffindor.
When John didn't reply, she clenched her jaw. "Please, sir, injured as you may be, your services are greatly needed—"
Sherlock looked angry, but it was the misery underneath it that made John’s heart clench. “Sherlock?”
She blew her nose and dabbed at her eyes. "John, listen to me." He crouched in front of her. "You must come back to Sherlock as soon as you can. He'll be devastated when you're gone, I know it."
"Why?" John balled his fist, feeling the empty envelope crush in his hand. This wasn't happening. This shouldn't be happening. This was impossible.
Sirius, James, Remus, and Peter have already made themselves comfortable by sprawling on their beds or finishing the last of their unpacking. Remus looked up as John came in. “Where were you?” he asked. “You disappeared after the Feast.”
"Sherlock?" John said again. "No." He shook his head. "No, Sherlock won't be 'distraught'. He'll probably miss me a bit, but he's definitely not going to be torn up over my absence."
Someone else bumped into him, forcing him to take a step back. Wide green eyes framed by damp auburn locks looked up. “John!” Lily Evans shouted. “What in the blazes are you doing standing around in the rain?”
like you,” John said, almost fiercely now although keeping his voice low to prevent eavesdroppers from hearing him. “And you’re my friend, alright?”
John let out a sigh of exasperation. “If you don’t eat, I’ll make Greg Lestrade give you detention.” The threat has worked before, as the Hufflepuff prefect had also befriended Sherlock and worried about his health after realizing the boy did not eat as much as he should, but it had resulted in Sherlock actively ignoring John for two days.
They stared at each other, lost, until John cleared his throat. "Well, er, I guess this is it." He shuffled, desperately trying to think of a way to break the awkwardness of the situation.
John grinned and turned to go. Before he disappeared around the corner, however, Sherlock spoke up, calling out to him much like how Mycroft Holmes did before.
With that, he turned on his heel and stalked back into the classroom, slamming the door behind him. He let out a long breath, feeling his hand throb from punching Anderson and examined it. If he was lucky, it wouldn’t bruise much. John felt a rush of pride sweep through him as he recalled the terrified look on the bullies’ faces as he dragged Anderson out of the room. They weren’t going to bother Holmes again, he was sure.
Sherlock Holmes managed to evade John for a full two weeks, which was a feat in itself, as the first year was taking almost all the classes John was.
He saved many, but there were still several whose deaths he couldn't prevent and afterwards, John sits on his bunk and stares down at his shaking hands trembling around the rumpled fabric of Sherlock's scarf.
The boy choked something out, but it was muffled by the noise and the chaos. John only registered the pain in his voice.
“He was at the kitchens, eating crystallized pineapple,” Sherlock said to John, his voice contemptuous. “You can tell by the traces of sugar on his fingers and moustache.”
Before Lestrade could say any more, Sherlock abruptly appeared next to them. "Your murderer is a 40 year old man with a prosthetic arm and two dogs; a French Bulldog and a Shih Tzu, to be precise. He used to be a car mechanic, but lost the arm in an accident and is now working a desk job, which he's unsatisfied with. The husband is his current boss, which is why the murderer killed him, and the jewelry was stolen as a poor attempt to pass it off as a robbery, although the murderer could also be hoping to pawn them to pay off his gambling debt. John, anything else?"
“You don’t have to,” John said, frowning a little in puzzlement. “You don’t have to do something for someone to be friends with them. You just have to like them and trust them.”
“Arithmancy and Care of Magical Creatures,” John said. “I don’t think I’ll have much use for the subjects in the future, though.”
“971, in fact, but most have been forgotten or disregarded. If they weren’t, however, you would have been facing six days’ worth of detention for leaving your tie loosened.”
“Hufflepuff patience,” Sherlock countered. “If you were Gryffindor you would’ve snapped a long time ago and done something drastic like sent up fireworks during breakfast that spelled out ‘Sherlock Holmes, please forgive me’. That being said, if you had any common sense at all, you would’ve gone to the Owlery and sent me a message; it would have saved so much time and energy.”
He let out a disbelieving laugh, his expression both furious and skeptical. "Is this a joke?" He brandished the letter. "Is this a bloody joke? Is this Mycroft pulling my leg?"
Sherlock Holmes was a small gangly boy with delicate but sharp features. His cheekbones were set high, his nose straight, and his jaw was already starting to be clearly defined. No doubt he will be very handsome in the future. His hair lay limp and flat, plastered to his head by the rain, but John could tell it would be a mop of ink-black curls once it dried. His eyes, still as icy as before but now a pale blue-gray under the candlelight, flickered around, drinking everything in with a calculating look that was certainly not typical of an 11 year old boy.
Professor Herbert, a well-liked former Auror, smiled as enthusiastic applause swept through the Great Hall.
His head hurt. He could feel himself slipping into darkness. He wanted to rest. He shouldn't. He had to get out. Had to get back to Sherlock.
year girl by the name of Kitty Riley, had almost killed John, who choked on a lima bean during dinner.
"I'm sure. It wouldn't do for you to catch pneumonia or worse while you're away. Mrs. Hudson would be furious."
"Er, I'll go take a look." He walked into the house and went to the dining room. Anderson was crouched over the bodies, taking pictures and collecting samples.
Dinner finished soon afterwards and Dumbledore cheerfully sent them off to bed. James and Sirius led their little group out of the Great Hall, talking loudly about the recent Quidditch match in New Zealand. Sherlock lingered at the back, unwilling as ever to go to his dorm. He never said why, but John knew as well as the others that it was because he was alone and friendless there where he wasn’t anywhere else in the castle.
“It’s very useful,” Sherlock said with a touch of pride. “For example, I created a room in my mind palace ten minutes ago using this classroom as its basis and filled it with information I’ve gathered about you.”
As John wheezed after coughing up his bean, Sherlock eyed Kitty Riley, who had scuttled back to the Slytherin table. “I wonder if I should mention that—”
John nodded, thinking of whenever he saw Holmes in classes. Every person who sat next to him or worked with him always looked highly disconcerted and whenever there were spare seats, everyone always made sure not to sit next to him. John occasionally wondered if Holmes was lonely, but the boy never gave any inclination he was.
"It's alright. There isn't much I can say to help anyway," Ross says. But the sympathy in his eyes was more than enough.
Sherlock was standing by the doorway, dressed in his coat and scarf. "You're coming?" John asked, feeling hopeful.
“I’m not afraid of him. I’ve watched him with James Potter and the other two and he’s even more of an idiot now than when he was 9. Typical of Gryffindors, from what I’ve seen.” Holmes suddenly eyed John, looking him up and down. “Except for you. I would’ve thought you were a Hufflepuff.”
John crouched nearby, his gun at the ready as Singh worked on the Corporal. A cry of pain caught his attention and he turned to see a soldier writhing on the ground, clutching his leg. Two bullets have hit him in the thigh and the fabric of his trousers was crimson with blood. "I'm going to go help!" he called to Singh, who nodded.
“But John it’s so obvious her boyfriend— what’s his name, Edmund Skeeter— is only interested in sleeping with her. I actually feel I’m doing her a favor by telling her. On second thought, I
He was so engrossed in his thoughts, he almost didn’t notice the slender figure standing in the shadow of an alcove until it stepped forward.
He stood in the living room of 221B in his uniform, rifling through his bag to check if he'd missed anything. Sherlock stood nearby, watching with an inscrutable expression. His face had been carefully blank all throughout the entirety of yesterday and this morning from the moment John had walked downstairs to a feast of a breakfast prepared by Mrs. Hudson to now, only three hours later.
Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him. Though substantially shorter, there was a power in his glaring eyes that suddenly made John feel very small.
"More like touched in the head," a lieutenant behind him muttered. "What took you so long? We almost had to leave without you."
John ignores the chair and instead walks past it until he stands only a few paces from Holmes. “This is about Sherlock, isn’t it?”
“That, right there, was a lie. You do lie. A lot. And the longer you spend time talking, the less you’re eating. Eat.”
Sherlock now sat with John at the Gryffindor table during mealtimes, even though it was generally frowned upon, as sitting with one’s own House was symbolic of tradition and House-loyalty. But Sherlock, not giving a whit about either, simply sat next to John during lunch one day and ignored everyone else. Instead, he spent the time prattling on about a Potions experiment he wanted to try until John stuffed a chicken wing into his mouth.
“I just wanted to apologize for knocking you over at the train station at the beginning of term,” John said. “I tried, but you just brushed me off so I thought it was right that I made a second attempt. Now tell me how you knew all of that.”
But Lestrade didn't laugh. "You keep him in check, John. Without you, half the Yarders would've strangled him to death by now. You didn't know him before… he was completely obnoxious with no sense of sympathy and thoughtfulness. I mean, the sympathy thing is still missing, but he's a lot more compassionate. If you saw the difference like I do, you'll see that it's like two completely different people."
John reached into his breast pocket, touched the folded scarf stuffed into it. It was ragged with use and rough and faded from the detergent he used to wash it, but it was Sherlock's.
“Instead of doing that, you should’ve just given me a heads-up.” John crossed his arms, glaring. Sherlock looked slightly disconcerted, but John sighed, letting the indignation fade. It was obvious Sherlock still did not know how to cooperate with people and this independence was hard to let go of. “Just let me know about these things next time,” he said wearily.
A flicker of unease passed over Sherlock’s face, but it passed. He shifted and stood straighter. “I knew Mycroft was going to come after you sooner or later, so I put a Tracking Charm on you the day we became friends. He took longer than expected, though. He’s getting slow.”
“I know what it means,” John snapped. “It’s just that earlier you said you could deduce Donovan and Anderson’s life story in under two minutes. That’s not possible, unless you know how to read minds or something.”
John snorted. “No you don’t. If you do, you’ll drink more milk, have a healthy diet and regular sleep pattern, and stop trying to blow up my cauldron for one of your crazy experiments.”
“I don’t envy the first years,” Greg Lestrade said grimly as he glared at the moving rivulets of water running down the glass window. “Imagine having to cross the lake in this weather.”
John nodded and despite his panic from Sherlock's departure, he managed a smile as they pulled each other into a rough embrace, clapping each other on the back. "I'll be fine. Watch over Sherlock for me, would you? Make sure he doesn't get himself killed or worse."
it! What does it matter that we are on a piece of rock floating in space revolving around the Sun? The knowledge doesn’t benefit me at all. So I deleted the information, spoke to Professors Flitwick and Dumbledore about my views, and I was allowed to remove myself from the class.”
John grinned and Sherlock smiles back, a little confused by the delight in his expression but pleased nonetheless. He opens his mouth, presumably to ask about it, like he always did, when a very distinct sound came from somewhere around their ankles.
“Come on, don’t exaggerate.” John raised an eyebrow but Sirius didn’t look like he was joking. Much.
She sniffled and he held her closer. "It's so dangerous on the front lines. You could be hurt or killed." Her fingers clutched his arm. "You must be safe," she said urgently.
"Thanks," he huffed as the pain subsided. He pulled his arm away as Akbar tried to put a makeshift sling around him. "Get back to the others."
“Welcome, welcome to Hogwarts!” he cried. “There are a few announcements I would like to make before we dig into our excellent Welcoming Feast. First of all, our caretaker Mr. Argus Filch would like me to remind you of Hogwarts’s ban on more than a few magical items, the full list of which would be found in his office. Secondly, the Forbidden Forest is, as its name implies, forbidden. I strongly advise you not to enter it, at risk of your own mortal peril. Thirdly, I would like to remind you that only third years and above are allowed to enter the village of Hogsmeade with a permission slip signed by a parent or guardian. I expect they will have been handed in to your Heads of Houses no later than tomorrow evening. Saving the fourth and the best for last, I would like you all to give a round of applause to Professor Herbert, who will be joining us for a second year of teaching the Defense Against the Dark Arts class. I daresay the jinx on the position might have finally lifted!”
"What was that?" Lestrade asked, giving him an odd look. "You've never yelled at Donovan for calling him that before."
"No really, I'm not. But Sherlock is the only exception." Unbidden, Sherlock's words wandered into John's mind:
"I'll be fine! Get back to the others!" Leaving a dislocated shoulder unattended was risky, but there were more people he had to help.
He paused just outside the door. There was something about that farewell that sounded… despondent. But that couldn't be right. John was the one leaving, not Sherlock. He looked back at him, but Sherlock hadn't moved and instead was watching him, his face unfathomable. "Goodnight," John eventually said and turned away, feeling inexplicably sad.
“Beware,” the Fat Lady warned before the portrait door swept open to reveal the comfortable common room. Students were settling down at tables and armchairs to finish up homework or hang out.
Sirius and the other Gryffindor third year boys had soon accepted John and Sherlock’s friendship. Granted, James only did so because Lily had been quite supportive of them and Sirius accepted it because Sherlock (forced into it by John) had apologized for the insensitive deduction he had made during their childhood. Remus was as supportive as Lily, and Peter generally went along with whatever the group did.
John scowled again. "So you think I'm stupid for going back? First Mycroft, now you. Is there anyone in London who isn't going to mock me for this?"
"Because I know you will accept." Mycroft finally looked at him and his eyes were like ice. "I've said it to you once before: bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity."
Peter nervously tightened it. Sherlock let out a soft noise of derision. “Don’t be ridiculous, Pettigrew. The rule has been disregarded since 1793.”
"Sherlock's… fine," he said, and even to his own ears his voice sounds strained. "Mycroft's watching over him. Er, look, there's something you have to know…"
John hesitated, knowing what she was asking. But there was nothing but kindness in her eyes. "Yes," he said eventually. "Yes, he makes me very happy."
“Professor Dumbledore elevated me to third year because of my intellect. I already knew all the first and second year material, partly because I read all Mycroft’s textbooks while he was at school when I was a child and mostly because I am smart.” He said it with no small amount of cockiness, but John made no comment on it because it’s true, Sherlock
Sherlock's eyes narrowed slightly and John fully expected him to demand an answer, but to his surprise, Sherlock turned away and looked out the window. "Very well, John. Out of regard for your feelings, I will not pester you, but your behavior is concerning and I would very much appreciate it if you would tell me what is bothering you."
"Yes, that's me." He looked her over, briefly wishing he had Sherlock's powers of observation so that he could deduce what she wanted with him.
“If he continues eating so much, he’ll get diabetes or something,” John said. “You don’t like him much, do you?”
John nodded and he wished he could see Sherlock's true face one last time, but the façade would not crack and it was futile for him to wish it would so all he could do was say with finality, "Goodbye, Sherlock."
A relieved smile broke over John's face. "You scared me there. I thought you were throwing me out of the flat."
"Afghanistan can be very cold during winter," Sherlock said, smoothing the scarf so that it rested more comfortably around John's neck. "Hopefully this will keep you warm."
They stared at each other in silence for a few long moments. “Remarkable,” Holmes said abruptly in a soft voice. “Sherlock has always managed to push away anyone who wishes to associate with him. However, he has yet to deter you.”
The mask had broken and he looked conflicted. His hands were shoved into his pockets, but John could see the fabric moving as his fingers shifted. "I…" Sherlock closed his mouth.
“As well as ever.” He only just caught the gloomy tone. “Tuney’s head of her class at school and she’s been rubbing it in my face all summer along with all the usual stuff.”
But John thought they were being unfair. Holmes certainly was radiating a distasteful arrogance about him that was characteristic of several purebloods like Lucius Malfoy or Evan Rosier, but there was an inquisitiveness and clarity to Holmes’s gaze that made John feel he would be better fit in Ravenclaw.
Sherlock grins. “Don’t tell me you’ve never gotten into trouble like that before, not with James and Sirius as your friends.”
"Non-binding it may be, but it's still a promise to help save lives with the best of my ability and we both know I'm still more than capable of doing so, even with a bullet wound in my shoulder and a limp in my brain." John sucked in air, trying to think through the anger. "You don't know what it was like during the war, Mycroft. More people than I could count have died under my hands. But for every man I couldn't save, there were others I
A shudder ran through him at the sound of Sherlock's baritone voice and his body relaxed. "Yes?" He turned around to see Sherlock standing behind him.
Holmes smiled thinly, but there was no warmth nor humor in it. “Very astute, John. I see you’re already picking up my brother’s powers of observation and deduction.”
The sudden rise caused Holmes’s slight form to disappear amongst the crowds and John thought he’d lost him. He ducked around the table, keeping his eyes fixed on where he last saw Holmes.
John stared at the security checkpoint, suddenly frozen. He couldn't move, even to turn his head towards Sherlock. His mind raced. What should he say now?
He frowned. Something didn’t feel right here. The question, spoken by anyone else, would be taken as concern for a younger sibling. But Mycroft Holmes was not known for being a caring older brother; quite the opposite actually, given the rumors of his and Sherlock’s feud. John did not know the brothers well enough to confirm or deny these rumors, but he supposed there was a reason why Holmes had taken the time to draw John out and get him alone to interrogate him about his younger brother. It may be that Holmes did care for Sherlock after all.
“Trust me, Evans” Sirius said with an ugly look on his face. “I’ve met Sherlock once in the past when he was only 6, when he was a kid. I’m telling you; he’s not natural. With that attitude, he’s definitely a Slytherin.”
Dessert materialized on the platters and John looked pointedly at Sherlock, who let out a loud sigh and helped himself to a bit of custard.
John knew what Lily meant by ‘usual stuff’. “Well she can’t be better than you,” he said encouragingly. “She may be top of her class, but you’re top of our year. And no one else’s as brilliant as you are here in Hogwarts.”
He had no idea what was going to happen and that scared him. Sherlock was a mercurial man when roused and the impulsiveness of his actions had been one of the first things that attracted John from the very beginning. But right now, he would've given anything for even a shred of predictability from the man. Anything for John to know how the confrontation will play out and how he could keep his head and not do anything rash like kiss Sherlock senseless.
He whirled around to see Sherlock striding after him, whipping his scarf off his neck in a move that was so devastatingly seductive that John had trouble keeping himself from jumping at Sherlock when he finally reached him. To his astonishment, the scarf was looped around his neck and the warmth and scent seeped into him, making his head whirl. "Sherlock? Wh—"
A waitress placed the tab and two cookies on their table when they were finished. John selected one and grinned at Sherlock. "Guess what my cookie says."
Sherlock whirled around and began pacing. "I should've seen this. Your nervous behavior in the cab, the letter in your pocket, the woman's perfume," he ranted. "Oh, there's always something! When were you told? Why so late? When are you leaving? How does Mycroft know already? Tell me NOW!"
The food vanished and Dumbledore stood to bid them goodnight. As one, the students stood to leave and John could hear the Prefects calling for the first years.
He got in without complaint and found Mycroft Holmes staring straight ahead, a cold look on his face. "So, you accepted," he said as John closed the door. The car pulled smoothly away from the curb.
A burst of static in their headphones startled them. "Possible IEDs up ahead. Proceed with caution."
Thousands of miles away, Sherlock Holmes stood over a body at a crime scene at Canary Wharf and wondered at the feeling of dread he suddenly felt.
The Gryffindors and Ravenclaws ascended the staircase together, on their way to their separate towers. When it was time to part, John waved goodbye to Sherlock and threatened to do bodily harm to him if the boy didn’t show up for breakfast the next morning. Sherlock rolled his eyes, dismissing it like always, and left with the ghost of a smile on his lips.
Dull. They wouldn't want to read about that. And he sounded like a child reporting back to his parents.
"Oi, Watson." He looked up to see his bunkmate, a younger man by the name of Tobias Singh, passing him a pencil and a notepad.
“The brother you mentioned is actually my older sister, Harriet.” John laughed again as Sherlock froze completely, as if he had been hit by a Full Body-Bind Curse. “I honestly don’t know why you thought I had a brother anyway, since nothing you mentioned in your explanation indicated with certainty the gender of my sibling.”
“Yeah, it wasn’t much. Just had a few things to take care of, that’s all.” John sat back down in his chair. Remus eyed him speculatively, but John only grinned. “What did I miss?”
"No you didn't. My cookie said I'll find happiness in my life. You said my cookie told me to make new friends."
The cab stopped and Sherlock leapt out, leaving John to pay the driver. His mind was still whirling. What did Sherlock mean by making exceptions for only him? Despite his confusion, however, warmth was sweeping through him and a smile tugged on the corner of his mouth.
“Not the time nor the place, Watson!” She grasped his arm and began to drag him towards the carriages. “Come on!”
John scowled. He hated it when she called him that. "Don't call him a freak," he snapped. The three looked at him with surprise, but he kept his eyes trained on Donovan, who looked taken aback. She fidgeted under his glare, then grudgingly muttered an apology and hurriedly walked away. John watched her go, refusing to look at Sherlock, who he could feel was staring at him.
Sherlock nods. “He already sent me a couple invitations to the Slug Club, but I burned them. Nothing Slughorn offers interests me.”
Finally, they stopped in front of a nondescript door somewhere on the third floor corridor. Anthea knocked six times, then let herself in. The sixth year boy shoved John in after her, then closed the door.
“Alright!” John shouted back. “See you at the Feast!” He turned and began to run for the carriages, but someone was blocking his way and he accidentally rammed into the small figure, knocking them both to the ground. “Sorry, so sorry! Didn’t see you!” John scrambled up, ignoring his aching knees and the scraped heels of his palms, and held out a hand for the person still sprawled on the ground.
"That's because I am." They cracked open their cookies. "If you're wrong, you're paying," John warned.
"Be quiet, Sergeant," he said sharply and Sergeant Brandon snapped her mouth shut. "I'll need to think about this."
John fished it out of his pocket and Sherlock snatched it from his hand, nearly ripping it in his haste to open it. "Careful," John said weakly.
“Don’t bother. I’m not someone who can be bought or bribed into doing something I don’t want to do.” He whirled around, stalking towards the door which Anthea was standing next to, engrossed in her little leather-bound book. But before he could reach it, Holmes called out to him.
John knotted the napkin before tossing it at Peter, who fumbled to catch it. He pulled his pajamas from the trunk and drew the curtains around his bed before changing out of his robes.
The five boys followed the rest of the students into the Hall, managing to get good seats near the front. Sirius and James immediately began crying for dinner to appear. John looked around for Greg Lestrade and was relieved when the older boy appeared a few minutes later, wiping the rain off his Prefects badge.
year looked away. He turned to Holmes to ask if he was alright when a sudden heavy blow struck him in the head. Anderson had hit him while his back was turned.
Sherlock looked bored. “We’re turning hedgehogs into pincushions in Transfiguration. I could’ve done that when I was eight so I saw no reason to attend class.”
John looked at the remaining three tarts in the napkin and sighed before walking after the last of the students leaving the Great Hall. He followed two Gryffindor seventh years up the stairs and through the portrait of the Fat Lady. Almost nobody had stuck around to chat and the common room was close to empty. John walked up the stairs to his dorm and opened the door.
“Er… Anthea.” The girl fiddled with her book, trailing slim fingers over the leather cover. There was a vague expression of amusement on her face.
John snorted again. “What a load of shite. Well, that’s very nice of you.” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “But no.”
Mycroft Holmes watched as John warily approached him. “Have a seat, John,” he says in a pleasant voice as he gestures to the chair sitting in the middle of the room.
After Care of Magical Creatures, Sarah left for Transfiguration while John was left with a free period. He spent it sitting by the lake, ruminating over Holmes and the past two weeks. The first day of classes, he had been shocked to discover that Holmes was in his Potions, Charms, Arithmancy, Defense, and Astronomy classes. (The last one, though, Holmes had disappeared from after the first day and no one knows why.)
He stood up and dusted off the back of his robes, thinking he’ll go down to the kitchens for some sandwiches before Potions. James and Remus had shown him where they were in their second year and ever since then, John had always visited several times a week for snacks. He even had a few friends among the house elves.
“Not everyone has the time nor the patience to do that, Sherlock. People usually prefer to do other things.”
"We sent letters to your flat, but they have been intercepted. Attempts to approach you before have been deterred by… outside influence."
“No. I won’t watch you waste away to nothing in front of me.” John put lamb chops and a few dinner rolls on his plate. “Eat or this time I
He pursed his lips and was quiet for a few seconds. “Your father’s military career,” he said eventually. “Your fight with Anderson proved that you are well trained in hand-to-hand combat, which is much more common with Muggles as Aurors rely on their wands more than physical prowess. I doubt you paid for classes, as your robes are secondhand and thus proves you came from a poor family, so someone you know trained you— the ready way you recovered and retaliated is indicative of rigorous training and familiarization to surprise attacks, so someone you live with taught you. Could be your brother or an uncle or even a cousin, but I doubt it. Whoever it is, and I am quite certain it’s your father, they would have been professionally trained, so he must have been in the Muggle’s Army. A teacher might have taught your father, but because he
“My mind palace,” Sherlock said, tapping his head. “It’s a memory technique also known as the method of loci that allows me to quickly and effectively categorize and recall information in my brain through use of spatial memory. It’s child’s play to go into my mind palace and delete the Solar System from my memory.”
"Okay. I'm set." He stood straight and checked the time on his watch. According to the instructions given to him by Sergeant Brandon, he was to take a commercial flight at 11:15 a.m. to Germany before being deployed to a base in Afghanistan from there. "I have… six minutes until I have to leave for the airport."
Holmes sat on the stool and the Hat was placed on his head. It slipped forward ‘til it covered those cool eyes, but the boy pushed it back up, a mildly irritated look on his face. There was another buzz. Nobody had ever touched the Hat before during a Sorting besides having it placed on their head. Nobody had ever dared.
“You can’t know that,” Remus said in a placating voice, ever the mediator among his friends. “Who knows, maybe he’ll be different like you, Sirius.”
“Slughorn is a collector and purebloods are notoriously powerful amongst the Wizarding World. He already has Mycroft in his House, don’t you think he would’ve been a lot more satisfied if he also got me in there?”
John snorted. “Right. Four bullies bigger, heavier, and stronger than you were about to beat you up and you ‘had it under control’.”
He laughed again, half disbelieving, half sorrowful. Of all the times the Army had to ask him to come back to the war, it had to be now. "Oh, this is great. This is fantastic. Great, great, great." He shook his head. "Just great. Absolutely wonderful."
The Ravenclaw boy was actually supposed to be with his other first year classmates, but rumor had it that Holmes had been bumped up to third year because he was already so advanced. There was no evidence to support it, but Holmes had certainly been able to keep up with the curriculum with no trouble.
The kettle whistled and John prepared the tea before bringing it to his armchair. Sherlock's cup was put on the little table, but John sipped his while pensively staring out the window into the darkness. He waited.
The front door had opened with a loud bang and John and Mrs. Hudson dashed to the hall to find Sherlock slumped against the wall. There was blood coming from a cut on his forehead and from his nose, his jaw was bruised, and his hands were shaking. "Sherlock!" John shouted, running forward. "What the bloody hell happened to you?"
Sherlock smirked, then his face slipped back into that vacant mask. John hated it. Sherlock was a man of not just logic, but emotion, no matter how much he denied it. His expressions, whether angry or ecstatic, were testament to how tempestuous he could be and the mask he wore now was nearly everything John disliked about him: distant, heartless, condescending, and coldly analytical. He wanted to punch it off, sink his fist into that perfect face and bruise that pale skin, but it was almost time to go and he didn't want to leave knowing he'd injured his best friend. He wondered, however, why Sherlock had left it on for so long.
"We're trying to help you," John wanted to say. But they wouldn't listen, no matter how hard he'd try to talk to them, and all he could do is help bury the civilian casualties, patch up his fallen comrades, and head back to camp.
Moonlight streamed in through the window, but it was weak and dull. The only other light came from a single candle sitting in an old-fashioned brass candle holder resting upon a desk. A tall figure stood next to the candle and the wavering light shone upon a familiar face and manicured hands folded over the handle of an umbrella.
"Of course he'll miss you," Mrs. Hudson whispered, taking his hands in both of hers. "He's so happy when he's with you, it's such a joy to see."
“Lucky guess,” John said, pocketing the money. He couldn’t see the younger Holmes from where he was sitting, but he looked across the room towards the Slytherin table. Mycroft Holmes wasn’t even looking at the Ravenclaws. Instead, his gaze was focused on the Hat, which had just Sorted a brunette girl named Molly Hooper to Hufflepuff.
"Call Harry, for starters," John said, his voice sounding a little too husky for his liking. He took a large gulp of tea. "Pack my bags, take care of some things."
She gasped and her hands clapped together. "Oh, yes! I've forgot about those!" Her sadness forgotten, Mrs. Hudson beamed and patted his arm affectionately. "I'll be sure to send some of my biscuits; I know how much you like them."
Sherlock didn't look convinced, but something on John's face must have persuaded him to change the conversation. "What are you doing tomorrow?"
Bullets slapped the ground next to him and John immediately returned fire, feeling grim triumph when he noticed that none of the enemy bothered them again afterwards.
“Or what, you’ll bully me too?” John said, his voice rich with scorn. “Go on, then. Beat me up. I’m not scared of you.” The hard, blazing look in his eyes revealed he was telling the truth.
He couldn't breathe. The crash of the vehicle falling to its side shattered the glass. Shards cut into exposed skin.
“No, not really. Mostly I stayed out of the way with Remus and Peter and tried to stop the chaos from spreading. Failed miserably though.”
Some other gifts he'd received from home are mostly in the form of food. Lestrade had sent a woolen jumper around Christmastime, saying it was the most hideous one he could find. It was a horrible shade of olive green with white pompoms splashed on top of it in a facsimile of snow while a horde of misshapen reindeer ran across the bottom, dragging a red rectangle of a sleigh with black runners behind them. Ugly though it may be, it was warm— made of alpaca wool— and almost presentable once John took off the pompoms. The reindeer and sleigh were woven into the jumper, however, but since he wore it under his uniform where no one would see it, he didn't mind.
smarter than almost everyone he knew. His intellect might actually be on par with Dumbledore’s in a few years. “As for Astronomy… I don’t care about it.”
John wearily looked up to see Arthur Ross, another army-doctor-turned-medic, standing in front of him. "Hullo, Ross," he said.
John lightly shoved him, exasperation clear on his face. “If you won’t sleep, at least try to rest. Your dormmates complain enough.”
They started again, though at a much slower pace than before. They were coming up a rise in the land and John scanned his surroundings suspiciously. This was a good location for an ambush.
“Because you’re an idiot,” Sherlock said and John looked at him. “No, no, no, don’t look like that. Practically everyone is.”
They laughed a little and stood in silence, basking in the warmth of their friendship. And John realizes, then, that Sherlock had, somehow, become his closest friend in only a few weeks. Not even James, Sirius, Remus, or Peter had managed this; the four always getting into some scrape or another while John held back from joining them. It wasn’t to say the Gryffindor third years weren’t close friends— far from it, actually— but with Sherlock, it felt slightly different. The trust and companionship between them felt closer, better even.
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place.”
John stared at him as ice shot down his spine. Holmes meant what he said, every word of it, he could tell. At that moment, he could see what Sirius had meant that the boy wasn’t ‘natural’. “That was incredibly Slytherin of you,” he eventually said.
Anderson faltered, cowed a little by the rage in John’s face and voice. But then Donovan shot a hex at John, which he just barely managed to dodge. “Or we’ll make sure your life will be a living hell,” she said coldly.
They turn to see James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew (the last two looking disgruntled as they were squashed against the other side of the carriage) staring at them. Lily let out a quiet groan.
In the end, the most John could do was tell them he'll think about telling him once he got home. They shook their heads, but left him alone. They had bigger problems to worry about. Even though many invalidated and discharged soldiers agreed to return for a brief tour, it still wasn't enough, and more and more men were being sent home again each day.
A faint smile curled Sherlock's lips. "No, I imagine you weren't." He put the undrunk tea down and laced his fingers. "I do sincerely apologize—"
They lunge for the nearest carriage and cram themselves inside. Lily let out a sigh of relief after John slammed the door closed behind them. “That was—”
The bullies now looked a little nervous, seeing as they weren’t able to intimidate him into submission. Donovan looked at Anderson, then turned to Holmes and sneered, “Good thing you got your boyfriend to rescue you, freak.”
Sergeant Brandon nodded and snapped into a salute. "Your country thanks you for your service, Captain Watson."
“I can see what you mean by unnatural,” Remus murmured, eyeing Holmes as well. “The look in his eyes…”
He snapped on a pair of latex gloves and quickly administers the anesthetic to the crying boy on the operating table. The boy's legs were missing, torn away by a land mine, and John tried desperately to staunch the bleeding, salvage whatever's left. But within ten minutes of being under John's ministrations, the boy died from his wounds. The scene was far too familiar to him and he trembled, but could not grieve, because another soldier was placed on the table and John had to hurry to stitch up the gaping wound before the man bled out right before his eyes.
Although John was asked to fill in as a medic, he found himself working his usual position of army doctor during their first battle.
John's jaw dropped at the unexpected thoughtfulness of the gesture. Sherlock looked at him. "Not good?"
“Not quite.” Remus’s pawn took the queen and John grimaced at his mistake. His pieces shouted abuse and the king shook his fists at him.
A bomb detonated nearby and John was hurled off the ground. He flew back and hit the ground hard. His head snapped back and he found himself staring up at a clear blue sky with a bright sun that beamed painfully into his eyes. He squinted and groaned, both from the light and from his aching body. He'd scraped and banged his leg and one shoulder was dislocated.
"You're fidgeting and your voice is at a slightly higher pitch than usual. You're nervous. What's wrong?" Sherlock's bright eyes roamed over him. "Is it the letter in your left pocket? Or the woman who spoke to you today?"
“Protecting and befriending Sherlock Holmes is not a wise decision, John Watson. You should know what is good for you and what isn’t, before it comes back around to bite you in the arse, to put it rather indelicately.”
John shrugged. “No idea. We just started talking about Charms one day and we’ve been good friends ever since. That’s all.”
John dismissed the corporal and went to ride shotgun. "Aw, were you all waiting for me? I'm touched."
They wandered through the castle, taking twists and turns and going up and down staircases. They did not encounter any ghosts or prefects, nor did they come across Peeves or Filch and Mrs. Norris. The paintings they passed by all held sleeping occupants. No one would know the three of them had been there.
At that moment, Professor Slughorn, the enormous Potions professor and Head of Slytherin House, came puffing down the corridor. “Sorry I’m late! Everyone please go in.”
Mrs. Hudson laughed and John quickly glanced at Sherlock, but the mask did not drop. He was, however, staring out the window with his hand clenched around the curtain. As if sensing John's gaze, he looked around. "Mycroft's car is here," he said quietly, his voice subdued.
Something heavy settled in John's stomach. "Mycroft texted you, didn't he?" Damn him. Did he think John wouldn't be able to tell Sherlock himself? Damn him.
“Finally, I can hear the sounds of the insatiable beast, Hunger, snarling within your stomachs. The time now is not to talk, but to eat and thus stave off this monster. Tuck in!”
Mycroft was silent, looking straight ahead again. John looked out the window, struggling to keep his emotions under control.
John sighed. "Yes, I do." He groaned and rubbed his eyes. "If Mycroft hadn't interfered, I would have days to get ready."
This time it was a man with a hole going clean through his torso. John cursed as he examined him. "No good, we have to bring him back to camp." He signaled for another soldier to help him and they began to drag him away.
If he didn’t eat anything, then he’ll starve. John reached for a couple of tarts and wrapped them up in a napkin. He remembered the angry glare that was directed at him at the train station. Maybe Holmes would be more agreeable to accepting his apology if he had some sweets first.
“Family name, I suppose. Wizards do treat pureblood families with more care as we have a substantial position in Wizarding society and many of us are involved with the Ministry. I also suspect Mycroft’s reputation prevents people from approaching me. You and Soo Lin Yao are the only ones who dared to. Also, people are naturally intimidated when faced with someone far more intelligent than themselves. You are, again, the exception.”
"Yeah, Mycroft's watching over him; says he'll be home in an hour." John ran his hands through his hair. "I should go."
"I wouldn't be so sure of that, Dr. Watson." The car pulled to a stop in front of 221B Baker Street. John stared up at the second floor. He could see a tall silhouette moving around inside and his heart panged.
“John, I just wanted—” He cut himself off and John looked back to see Sherlock looking frustrated. “It won’t happen again,” he eventually said.
There were a lot of things left unsaid in the letter, things that John would have mentioned if it was anyone other than the focus of his unrequited love. He didn't write that the scarf was now folded into a pocket on his uniform right over his heart, or that every night he closed his eyes and summoned forth a mental image of Sherlock's smile or played a scrap of violin music from memory to lull him to sleep. It was all quite sentimental, and John felt that even if he had the opportunity to write such things to Sherlock, he wouldn't.
"'Separate'?" John asked, alarmed at the word choice. His heart sank. "Sherlock, are you telling me—"
“Very well.” Holmes straightened. “I understand you are Muggle-born and, because of age-old prejudices, would have to work twice as hard to ensure you have a stable career after Hogwarts. I am willing to ease your way, as well as give you a monthly stipend until your graduation… for a price.”
"Children, enough," John said, rolling his eyes. He knelt close to the body of the husband, examining the neck and chest. "Right. The slashes are jagged and clumsy, so the murderer either probably used his prosthetic arm, which he isn't used to, or his less-dominant hand."
"Sherlock, really, it's okay," John said. Sherlock's gaze flew to his and John held it. "It's fine."
The other soldiers were always encouraging John to confess, having guessed on their own his feelings for Sherlock. "Do it now, in case something happens. Then go home and snog the living daylights out of each other," one man said.
John snorted. “You forget, I share a dorm with James Potter and Sirius Black,” he said, reminding them of the trouble the two got into on a daily basis. “Go on, give me your worst.” He balled his fists. If it came to a wizard’s duel, he would lose. But if it came to a physical fight, he was more than sure he’d be able to thrash them.
Whatever it is though, John wasn’t letting up until he finally got the chance to properly apologize to him.
“He said being friends with you is going to bite me in the bum one day and a lot of shite about you not having friends. Did you really have a dog when you were younger?”
"All the people you couldn't save today, it's not your fault they died. Sometimes we can't do anything for them. We're not God." Ross spoke like he'd said the words one too many times before.
“Based on what prank you intend to do,” Sherlock said, hands pressed together under his chin and his eyes closed, “you will break anything from an estimated 136 to 642 school rules. My suggestion is that you don’t involve any permanent plumbing damage or anything involving a winged pig.”
John had been walking home from the market, enjoying the cool October evening, when he noticed a sleek black car with tinted windows coming to a stop at the curb next to him. Rolling his eyes, he stopped and waited, arms crossed and a frown on his face. "What is it now, Mycroft?" he asked, feeling annoyed. He was looking forward to a quiet night at home and had no desire to be kidnapped and taken to some obscure part of London.
Left alone with his thoughts, John started tapping on the paper again. What should he write? Not much has happened so far besides boot camp and a test to make sure they were still fit for the battlefield. John had passed with flying colors and his job at the clinic had deemed him ready to once again perform his duties as army doctor. Maybe he'll write about that.
They dived for cover, but the grenade smacked right into the sand bags and the explosion shook them. John's teeth rattled from the shock and his ears nearly popped from the noise. For a second, he couldn't hear anything.
Sherlock already had his signature coat and scarf on and was striding out the door, brushing past him. "Come on, John, don't dawdle."
He shook his head, still looking incredulous. "Why me? There should be hundreds, thousands, of other discharged soldiers in England who you could ask."
John grinned as he led the two of them down the staircases to the dungeons. A group of people had already congregated in front of the door of their classroom, among which are Lily Evans and her friends. Her eyebrows rose in a pointed question as she saw him and Sherlock approaching.
Mycroft let out an annoyed sound. "Don't presume I've forgotten about your military record, Dr. Watson."
“I can’t,” Remus said in a resigned voice. “Once they’ve got their mind set, there’s hardly anything I can do.”
John pulled the curtains back so he can look at the other boy. “I knocked him over in Hogsmeade Station earlier tonight and thought I’d bring him some sweets to apologize, since he didn’t seem to want to accept it earlier. But he left before I could reach him. Sarah Sawyer said he probably didn’t want to talk to his brother; said something about sibling rivalry.”
.” Sarah looked at the bundle of tarts and managed to filch one before John could get a firmer grasp on them.
"Lights out in five," someone called and there was a scramble as everyone started making the final preparations for bed.
They sunk to the floor, John’s knee on his back while he bent Anderson’s arm in an awkward angle. Anderson yelled and flailed and John got off him. “Coward,” he spat at the cringing boy. “Ganging up on a younger boy half your size and then attacking me from behind. I don’t know how someone like you ever got into Hufflepuff.” He picked him up by the scruff of his robes and dragged him outside, where he found Donovan and the other two staring, shocked. “I’ll make sure to report this,” he hissed. “And I’ll have a word with Greg about you, Anderson.”
