“’m here, no need to stand up,” he blinked slowly, his long lashes fluttered, as he approached the blurry figure on the rocking chair.
Look at me, his mind implored, and as if Steve could really read his mind, the piercing blue gaze found his own again and a smile, softer than before, spread on Steve’s lips. Good, he felt better already.
With his mind and body already relaxing at the idea of getting into bed near his husband, Steve stepped into the living room of their quarters, only to stop again, that time surprised by what he saw.
Talking with him and releasing some frustration against two punching bags, made him recover sufficient calm to confront his Omega. He stopped for a shower first: Tony didn’t like when he showed sweaty in his lab, and the Omega’s mad already. Better not to make it any harder.
“Uh-uh,” Peter said, warily, and Tony urged adding: “We got a bit distracted with, with, uh, well Petey came out with this brilliant idea and I swear Steve, it needs only some few improvements-”
“Steven Grant Stark-Rogers!” The Omega shouted, roaring as loud as he could. There weren’t much else he could do, and screaming at his Alpha helped somehow, to release the tension.
He had a nightmare about the two most important people in his life: there was Bucky falling from the train, but in the meanwhile the figure of his best friend mixed with the one of his lover, until it was Tony Stark who was falling without his Iron Man’s armor.
Steve memorized the scene, to draw them exactly like that, a warm image of the loving Stark-Rogers family.
The Alpha rolled his eyes at his Omega’s absurdity and explained to their daughter what patronize really meant. He was holding her, like it happened more often than not; Mary truly adored his Omega parent but wouldn’t miss a chance to be his Pops’ little Alpha. It had something to do with her being still a pup, she felt reassured in Steve’s strong arms.
They both improved a lot and everything which had looked too strange, almost impossible, far away from their kind of lives, like being in a strong, sane relationship, building a home and a family…they allow themselves to have all of those things, and so much more.
“Daddy and I will talk about it,” Steve answered, before Tony could react again. His Omega gave him a severe look, mouthing a ‘no’ without saying it.
Oh, the time they had in the past forty-height hours. They left the kids in care of Carol and Rhodey, as Mary’s new Captain Marvel jacked and sweatpants, which she was wearing, and the Captain Marvel action figure, which she had in hand, stated. For Steve and Tony, that meant a lot more of free time, and they made the best of every minute.
Steve let go of his leg, but he continued to hold him with a firm arm around his waist and Tony was very relieved to share his own weight. After all, he hadn’t mated a super soldier for nothing. Then they pressed their foreheads together, Tony still mewling and moaning slightly, out of breath, Steve with the warmest gaze and fondest smile.
“Do I have to sleep too?” Asked Peter carefully, eyeing Tony first, then Steve. The older Omega huffed a laugh and looked at his high-tech watch to see what time it was. Peter had still half an hour before his bedtime.
“Welcome back,” his husband whispered, tilting his head in that adorable way that made Steve wanting to kiss him all over.
“Because,” Steve chanted, moving towards the kitchen, leaving behind a pretty aroused and confused Omega. “I’m making you breakfast, you haven’t eaten yet. What kind of Alpha would I be if I didn’t feed my mate before bringing him back to bed? To rest, of course”
I’m not alone, his mind brought out. He wasn’t. And maybe he wasn’t fine either, he felt anxious, and concerned, and frightened, and wanted to talk the shit out of it and just leave with his family, but having Steve at his side, belonging to him, meant it was okay to not be okay and he could deal with anything without hurting himself or the people he loved the most. Help me face it, he demanded, to Steve probably, but he didn’t need to say it aloud because the Alpha was already doing that.
“Don’t you mean a movie marathon?” Tony snorted, looking down to pet his son’s hair with Steve. Peter nodded, pressing back with his little head, making their hearts squeezing when he purred.
Muffled sounds filled the kitchen: Tony’s rasping purring, Steve’s coaxing rumbling, and moans they didn’t know who belonged to, probably Tony’s, they were lovely, honey for Steve’s ears, sparkles of excitement making him pulsate painfully.
“You’d better come along sweetheart, or we’ll leave without you!” Steve shouted back, without stopping, getting nearer to the kid still waiting on the middle step of the airstair.
“If we don’t lose him in the crowd,” Tony murmured to himself, “Just saying,” he added, shrugging with fake innocence at Steve’s suffering long look.
When Steve pulled away just enough to bit at his bottom lip, his mouth fell open on a sigh, letting his mate shoving his tongue past his lips again, to taste him selfishly. It was becoming hard to breath, even more when Steve’s other hand slid under his sweater and it settled on his belly. That gesture alone was enough to made Tony melt trustfully against him. He had an Alpha, and he was about to give birth to their first, beautiful, perfect son.
Steve shook his head twice, and with a sad sigh he got up to get more food. Twenty-first century made him an emotional eater, he coped drowning everything in maple syrup.
“I’m. I’m fine sweetpea, very, very fine, no need to worry” Tony reassured their daughter, panting a bit. She worried about the sudden change in the Omega’s scent and way of purring – w0rked up, agitated – and misunderstood the excited thrill with
Tony’s heart fluttered as Steve closed the distance, abandoning the helmet on a nightstand and sitting behind Tony, spreading his legs to wrap both him and their baby boy in his embrace. Maybe Tony’s eyes wetted a little, but no one was givento know.
A wet giggle escaped from Tony, and his entire body shook because he was trying to not laugh. A fist bumped Steve’s shoulder, lightly but firm.
, the nectar of the gods – even though they didn’t have coffee on Asgard – that he wasn’t allowed to drink anymore. They said he would have gotten used to not drinking it anymore, but those people didn’t know that Tony’s body was made up for the 60% of that brown, hot, delicious beverage.
, created by the long, skilled fingers of his Alpha squeezing his back. Fuck. His shameless body had started loosening at the slightest attention, lasted approximately fifty second, and outdoor. He’s done worse during his younger years, but nothing has felt like that moment. The embarrassment burned through him, made him twitch longingly. He forced himself to move, just a little, to smooth the tension. Don’t stay still, he ordered, trying to convince his own body to obey him, not the memories of soft touches that made him desire to bow, for his Alpha.
Steve would lose his satisfied smirk if only Tony’s growls weren’t the cutest he had ever heard. In fact, he loved when the Omega growled, even at him. He took a deep breath, a bit dreamily, looking at how his mate and daughter jumped up and down on his chest.
“No!” Peter answered stridently, almost scared by the idea. “I enjoy kissing Pops,” then he glanced at Steve with the most adorable pout, an evidence he obviously inherited the sad and wet puppy look from the big Alpha.
to let him go; with his fast reflex, the strength, and the perfect knowledge of Tony’s movements, he could’ve blocked him on the spot before he even moved. Wouldn’t that be…fantastic? No, no no no, that was still his body talking. More specifically, his ass, still sore, but apparently extremely fucking thirs–
They finished their breakfast in peace, Steve still focused on attacking the food and Bucky looking at him with a wry grin plastered on his face, sometimes chuckling and shaking his head, as if Steve was definitely beyond help.
me with that tone, Alpha,” Tony whispered threatening, pointing a finger to Steve’s face. At least he didn’t yell, probably for the same reason Steve didn’t want to say the wrong thing, “And yes, that would’ve been helpful, a good starting point”
He continued cutting the vegetables with a soft smile on the lips, letting Tony adjusting behind him, his arms tight around Steve’s waist. The Omega got up on tiptoes and rubbed his nose against the back of his neck, breathing deeply, then rested his forehead a little lower, and sighed absent-mindedly. Someone needed comfort from his Alpha, and Steve didn’t bother him until he settled and was content with his position, enjoying patiently the sweet touches, rumbling quietly in return.
Suddenly he was straightening Tony up, manhandling him a bit, giving him more room between his own body and the shelf. He kept the hands on him though, not ready to break contact yet.
When the Alpha moved his gaze away, looking at something distant beyond Tony, his entire world seemed to fall, and every inch of his skin quivered, demanding the attention back.
“Hello, my favorite, beautiful Alpha,” Tony sang, lightly pushing on Peter’s back to make him get off his laps, where he was curled.
“I want coffee, Steve,” He blurted, much less firm than he would have wanted. The fact was, he was trying really hard not to melt in the touch and purring out load.
“Mh-mh,” he rumbled low, walking close to him, and Tony felt the urge to back off, or to throw himself to the Alpha, he couldn’t decide. He stayed still eventually, not trusting his own legs–He didn’t notice he started trembling at some point. Steve knew, from the feral smile that lit up his face and the dark, predatory way he was looking at him, no, admiring him. Tony realized Steve knew every one of his thought, and also the reason little tremors was shaking his body.
Steve rested his head on the armrest to roll his eyes up without the Omega seeing him, and rubbed again his fingertips onto his mate’s scalp, stroking his hair fondly. Both of them were letting their hair grow, and Tony’s head was so fluffy and soft the Alpha enjoyed a lot running his fingers through them.
“Alpha?” He asked again, sounding breathless, panting for the terror more than for running. “What- What’s going on?” He raised his voice, since Peter was still screaming his head off in his papa’s arms.
“I know you aren't taking me seriously,” his husband continued, pressing his chin onto his sternum, to look into the Alpha’s eyes, “but I’m really mad”
“Not one, mister Rogers,” more giggles followed the words. Steve couldn’t blame him, Bucky’s method worked, eventually.
Tony felt his heart floating, and the butterflies in his stomach. No matter how many years passed since the first time he met Steve, since he got to knew him and he fell in love with him completely and helplessly: seeing him with an expression like that, outside their puppies’ room, still could make him feel like a teenager struggling with his biggest, memorable, first love. In that moment, he thought he’d went through all the troubles, all the pain, all the misunderstanding and all the risks all over again, because it meant to get to that exact point where they were happy, madly in love, and with a beautiful family. Maybe not perfect, but they weren’t perfect themselves: they fit right together.
“That’s right, Steve,” Tony breathed out against Steve’s lips. The Alpha wanted nothing but to claim his mouth again. Tony seemed to have the same thought because he nipped at Steve’s bottom lip with submissive purrs.
Steve opened the present, and it took his breath away for few instants. It was an arc reactor, slightly different from the last one that Tony created for himself, but he would have recognized its light and shape in every way. It wasn’t just that: half of the top of the tool was covered with a plaque that didn’t hide the vivid glow, and it was painted as half of his shield.
“You won’t,” Tony urged answering, cupping Steve’s face with one hand, “You won’t Alpha, I’m not going anywhere,” he reassured, looking directly at him. The room was dark, they couldn’t look at each other in the eyes, but the movements were so familiar they didn't really need to see.
- hold that thought, by the way. The point here is: they’ll need it too, sooner than you think if they have inherited my chaotic nature, my impatience, my, uh, my impulsivity,”
“Tony kicked me out from our bedroom last night,” he said, making a vague gesture with his hand — something he took from his husband — and talking like it wasn’t a big deal.
Holding the Omega in his arms, worried about whatever was going through his mind, insecure if he could talk about it, if it was okay to let his Alpha know… It made Steve feeling as if they didn’t get even one step forward. But that thought lasted only a mere blink of an eye, because they did, didn’t they?
“Listen, brat!” Logan’s voice thundered, and he pointed at Wade with the cigar in hand. “You give any trouble, and this time Colossus’s not gonna save your ass”
Jesus Christ, Steve developed a thing for exhibitionism, and he showed it off rarely, but when he did…Tony might need a change of denims later, considering the warm rush of slick that coated the tops of his thighs. He held his breath and clutched his ass tightly, while he should’ve stopped his Alpha, but after the two wonderful days they spent together, his body wasn’t following his mind.
Steve woke up from a nightmare, shivering and covered in cold sweat, desperately searching for air. He felt his lungs compressed, as if he had gone to bed with something really heavy on his chest.
He opened his mouth, but Tony shushed him. “Are you willing to risk adding something else that could put you in more troubles?”
“And he was looking at me with his big Bambi eyes, which reminded me of yours, pretty Omega. How could I resist?” He run his nose through Tony’s hair and gave him a kiss, rubbing slow circles over the back of his head.
“We had two days together, without our children. I love to spend my time with them more than anything, but,
They said nothing for a while, finding comfort in each other, gazing in each other eyes and cuddling together, bumping noses and stroking lips. They needed to make sure they were really there, and at four in the morning it was highly possible they were only hallucinating or dreaming. But the breaths, the quick beats of their hearts and the sweet, secret words they were exchanging confirmed what it’s seemed impossible only a few hours before.
The air inside was warm, the atmosphere peaceful; it was pretty soon in the morning, shortly after dawn, and a Sunday no less. A lazy day by textbook, that even Sam and Nat were probably still asleep or quietly reading a book, and they were the most morning people of the team, after himself.
“That means you care about him, right? You seem a good kid Wade, and I want my son to be happy. I’ll do anything to make him content, and to prevent bad things from happening,” his voice assumed a warning inflection, softened by a small smile. “I hope you’ll do the same. As Alphas, we have to take care of Omegas, whether they’re our friends or our family. We protect them, and son, you can be sure there’s nothing I wouldn’t do for Peter, especially if somebody will hurt him. You could be a Beta, an Omega, an alien even. You hurt my child, and you’ll have both Iron Man and Captain America coming after you. Do I make myself clear?”
They stopped caring about anything else in the world, everything was fine just like that: Tony’s purring, Mary’s laughing, Steve’s heart beating hard with love. He stole more kisses from Tony and from their daughter: Mary’s were sweet, light and playful, and he loved every one of them, while Tony’s were lascivious, avid, wet and a bit quivering, they sent bursts of excitement down on his groin, but they were also a lot shorter than they would have if they were alone.
“Love you,” he whispered, searching his lips again for another kiss. They exchanged more of them, sweet, soft, making snapping sounds every time they broke off. Tony felt Steve’s smile growing kiss after kiss, on the lips, on his cheeks, on the tip of his nose; they bumped their noses together and when the Omega was too tiredalso to make the smallest movement, he let his Alpha in charge, enjoining feeling their tongues swirling together.
Another bite, on his neck, gentler than before to leave a mark that would’ve gone away overnight. That thought made Steve roared, totally displeased. His Omega should’ve worn dark blue marks and red bites of love all day every day, where people could see and understand he belonged to Steve, that he was for the pleasure of his Alpha only.
He knew Tony cared about their child as much as himself and was trying to quit bad habits like not eating enough, or not getting enough sleep, because he was too focused on something else.
Tony run the fingers of his other hand through Steve’s hair, smoothing the back of his head, while raising on tiptoes placing a light kiss on the corner of his mouth.
Steve sighed with a mix of desperation and tenderness at his mate’s ridiculous behavior, and Tony buried his face more into Steve’s big chest. They’ve been “arguing” for a while, but it was very difficult to remain serious when they were lying on the couch, the Omega sprawled on him, chest to chest, and their little daughter comfortably curled above Tony’s back. Also, Tony was purring and melting into his arms, rubbing his nose and hiding his face in the space below his chin. But if asked to the Omega, they were arguing. Totally. Undoubtedly. Even if Mary was giggling, and Steve was petting Tony’s hair, his other arm asleep as it remained caught between the small of the Omega’s back and their daughter.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Steve sealed his lips over his throat and sucked lightly on it sending a shiver through the Omega who exposed his neck more, submitting to the Alpha. “Sweet, sweet Omega,” he rumbled, and bit down hard, making Tony
“Oh baby, it isn’t yours either. But you know the rules: you can’t re-frame the future with daddy, if you haven’t finished your homework yet,” Steve recalled quietly, still giving Tony the disappointing eye. “Why don’t you go finish them now, while we get your sister to bed? If you don’t need our help”
Tony seemed surprised at first, then he smiled and lay down, bringing Steve down with him. They bot lay on a side, with their fingers still interlaced. JARVIS turned down the lights, but they was still able to see each other in the eyes.
The Omega blinked and lifted an eyebrow, then his gaze snapped into Steve’s, who was already a few steps ahead of him, and was glancing back over his shoulder. For half a second, he didn’t have words, he looked confused, and his neurons swirled crazy around everywhere. The Alpha wanted him to stop, to not go nearer the other Alpha, and judging from his glare, he was this close to roar at the Omega, telling him to settle.
Steve’s on full alert, he thought suddenly, finding himself no more nervous. That swift change didn’t have sense, except that it had, so Tony’s body complied and remained still, and his mouth snapped shut. Steve was trying to protect him, and the kid in his arm, from another Alpha he didn’t trust completely. It was a rather usual situation, but unless the Omega was close to his heat or injured, Steve knew very well how to put his instincts on hold. Tony had still a lot of time until the next heat, but he wasn’t completely fine either, right? There was a reason if he thought he needed to change jeans as soon as they got on the jet, and Steve wasn’t the only Alpha present who could scent it. His arousal.
They stayed quiet for a while; Tony couldn’t hear anything else than his own heartbeat and Steve’s, but he knew it was different for his Alpha. With the super-soldier serum enhancing his hearing, he could hear their baby’s breath, and Tony let him do precisely that. In the worst-case scenario, a piece of them will always live and shine in their beautiful son.
Tony finished to dress and stomped to the kitchen of the Tower’s common floor. He decided long time ago to use the common floor, not only because the rest of the Avengers gathered around there, but also because he had a valid excuse to walk. It didn’t matter that most of the time he had Steve carry him all the way down. Anyway, that particular morning he wanted to make everybody hear his unhappy, heavy steps.
It wasn't much, but Tony understood. Steve’s path to learn how expressing emotions, rather than repressing them, was still long, travailed. His selfless Alpha spent too much time thinking he couldn’t lean on people, he only had to protect them. He was showing them at least, while only a few years later he would’ve vented all the rage and frustration at the gym.
Sadly, on that particular day his beautiful look and the thought of his Peanut safe inside him weren’t enough to cheer him up.
He purred louder than Peter, and Mary curled more in Steve’s embrace, agitated. She was already asleep, unable to resist the rocking movement of Steve coming down the stairs: he always chose the stairways on that purpose.
Steve nodded in acceptance and looked at Tony, who did the same, crossed arms and not watching anything in particular. He was grateful Steve talked to Wade as they decided, and a warm sensation spread in his chest, full of pride and…relief, maybe. Yeah, a little of relief, not enough to feel safe yet. Give him time, he thought, with a twist of lips. Give it yourself, and trust Steve. He could do that: trusting his Alpha was as normal as breathing. He always kept his promises, he reassured Tony and made him strong. Stronger.
“You don’t need it, I know, but I’m doing it, whatever it takes. You're my Omega, my family, my world. I’ll do everything I can to keep you safe,” he finished with a kiss on the Omega’s forehead, lingering his lips there for few seconds, stroking his tight with the hand that was holding his legs.
“Come with me,” Tony took one of his hand and pulled, bringing him to the rocking chair present in the room. “Wait a little, hm? I’ll be right back”
“Because she’s the prettiest,” the little one chirped, hiding his little lovely face in Steve’s neck. Both parents looked delighted by that statement, then Tony made a told-you-so face and kissed away Steve’s following pouting, that time with more emphasis, but always innocently.
“And it’s not like I don’t get all hot and bothered when my Alpha put up a show of protectiveness,” he yelped when he got another light slap on his rear.
“I bet he’s calling Colonel Rhodes to give you one of his shovel talks” Clint joked, even if that would have been a realistic situation.
Instead of talking, he did what any Omega in love would do: started looking up at him halfway through his eyelashes, tilted his head to side, showing his neck where Steve put his mark when he claimed him, and purred low in his throat until the Alpha growled deeply.
, to be taken, to be enjoyed, and sometimes, when Steve needed him, when he was feeling overwhelmed and felt at the edge of power, sometimes the Omega was his to be used, to held down and amazingly fucked.
“What?” He asked breathless, feeling his lips plump and swollen, making Steve feeling his bright smile by pressing his mouth against his neck.
“Fine! It’s bedtime story! Go get ready Petey, we’ll arrive in a moment,” Tony called out before Steve had a chance to say something he’d regret and clapped his hands to get Peter’s attention. The little Omega, still too young to read and to feel certain Alpha behaviors, squealed excited and climbed off Steve, but he suddenly stopped before closing the door, to look at Tony with a serious look.
“You’re still sleeping on this couch tonight,” he purred playful, low and sweet, and Steve fought a smile himself, failing. Tony was such a sweet Omega, no matter what he said, and he was
Satisfied by her daughter’s reaction, Steve’s rumbling changed in a coaxing sound, so she knew he was proud of her. An Alpha snarling at him and showing off in front of his Omega? Was a dead Alpha. But his daughter, oh little, bold Mary, proving herself and wanting to protect her daddy. She was the best.
“It’s stupid,” Steve whispered after a few seconds. He kissed Tony’s neck, and hid his face, so the words came out muffled, but the Omega understood anyway. The difficult part was to stay focus on Steve’s problems, because the Alpha rubbed his nose where he marked him a long time ago, sucked his skin and scented him, and Tony just wanted to purr shamelessly, inviting his Alpha to do more, to bit him and to claim him, leaving him trembling and speechless-
“Scratchy,” was the first word Tony said that wasn’t a sigh or a declaration of love. He wrinkled his nose as Steve stroke his full beard against Tony’s neck and cheek, that time voluntarily, just to see him squirming.
“Yes, I did. I’m a master strategist, I’ve planned to get you mad just to make you remember how good I am at removing shirts and do declarations of love,” he joked too, easing the atmosphere.
“What,” he rasped, panting warm breaths into Tony’s neck. He forced himself not to follow the sharp curve of his jaw with kisses, or to latch onto his earlobe and suck it into his mouth.
He saw Steve’s pupils flaring, his lips parting a little when he understood what Tony was saying. “You like the name?” He asked, voice full of hope.
“Breath, Omega” Steve suggested, a sigh in his voice. His hands slid on Tony’s hips to give him more room, and to keep him steady. The Omega nodded quickly, and bit his bottom lips, rubbing both hands up and down Steve’s back in slow movements, to feel his Alpha’s presence. He breathed, eventually.
Alpha and Omega were pet names, yet also so much more: they were statements, promises and declarations of love. They used them as much as they could, through low, sweet whispers and shouts of blissful excitement
He was demanding a kiss, and Steve huffed a laugh, but he wasn’t really laughing, it was full of fondness as he gave Tony what was due him. “Cute Omega”, he whispered, kissing him carefully, cupping his jaw gently, his thumb brushing over his cheek.
Peter gulped, and searched help in the other Omega’s eyes, who got the inquisitive look from the Alpha.
“That’s enough from you two!” Tony snapped, interrupting what he probably thought was a fight, while it was just his two silly Alphas proving their
That was new for Steve: he knew very well Tony could ramble disconnected words for minutes when he was nervous, but he was never wordless. Steve couldn’t remember a time when Tony had to search for words, instead of having a million of them already on the tip of his tongue, ready to talk a mile a minute.
“They’ll always need you. I can manage their math’s problems and their scientific or humanities’ questions, but you are the righteous one, you know which limits we shouldn’t overcome. Sure, sometimes I don’t like when you keep me in line-
How many times Steve wished to hold Tony so tight they would’ve melted together, and he would’ve been safe and protected?
Always so sincere, those big eyes. Steve loved them, loved watching them, and loved drawing them. He hoarded lots of sketchbooks in the years, and Tony’s eyes were present in all of them. They contained an emotional spectrum as big as his beautiful mind, and Steve learned how reading them. He learned how
“You could control yourself ‘til the little one left, that was enough. You know you can always let it out with me, right? Don’t beat your gorgeous self up, I’m here for a reason too”
Tony saved his life in more than one way: first driving a nuclear missile through a wormhole, then giving him a home and his first real family of the 21st century. Well, he should have been grateful also to Nick Fury for the Avengers, but everyone knew that without Tony’s kind heart and generosity, they would have been apart.
When he finally sat, straight-backed, eyes still fixed on the Omega and wary, Tony wiped his knuckles on his right cheek, where tears have fallen earlier, giving him an affectionate look. It was a rare sight, his Alpha so openly hurt, heartbreaking but still beautiful.
“What if I’ll bribe you, mister Rogers?” He asked affectionately. They both changed their last names after the wedding, and the complete version was Stark-Rogers, but every variant was like honey for his ears.
“I doubt it,” he muffled, having his mouth filled in with his breakfast. He was eating his usual huge number of pancakes, bacon and a spinach omelette, but instead of having a quiet breakfast, he was devouring the food as if they attacked him personally.
“We’ll look after him,” Steve assured Logan glancing back, but the mutant was already back in the car. They both frowned at Logan apparently indifference: he had a soft spot for the adopted child, or he wouldn’t have adopted him at all, but it was very difficult to see it in public.
“Great,” He murmured, nuzzling into Steve’s neck. Stay awake, he told himself, rubbing his nose against his husband’s throat, where a guttural rumble vibrated in response to his cuddles. Steve was the biggest teddy bear ever, who could transform into a grizzly if he had to protect his family.
He didn’t know how much longer he stood in the room, cradling Peter and whispering a lullaby. He would’ve probably spent the last few hours of the night in the same way. He needed the contact, having his baby in his arms and watching him sleeping peacefully in the dim lights JARVIS turned on.
, Steve saw it in his dilated eyes, and felt it in the last stream of scent he emitted, full of Omega excitement, that hit directly between his legs. He’s wet, he thought wetting his own lips, Tony was always wet when he talked to him like that, his body preparing to please the Alpha, and Steve twitched, putting much pressure on his neck.
Be a better man, his mind tried again. Kissing Tony never failed to leave him senseless, willing to make more, to give him more. Tonight, he recalled, and fighting his own instincts, he grabbed Tony firmly by the sides of his shoulders and turned him around again, in a sudden movement that had the Omega yelping undignified. He had to cut off what they were doing before he had time to realize the loss.
“Okay, but I’m expecting awesome tonight,” he blew a kiss, charming and sweet, and turned around to step out of the room.
“Good?” The Alpha asked, looking down at him. Tony was a second away from dozing off: Steve was warmer than the blanked, his chest was soft but also super-toned, his whole body was solid, powerful, and all for him. Also, he smelled great, he smelled like Tony, or maybe it was him smelling like his Alpha. He didn’t want to remember a time when their scents weren’t mixed.
He heard a soft gasp from Tony, then strong arms circling his waist, and the profile of the Omega hiding below his chin. He fit there so well, the first time it happened it made Steve stop searching for a sense of belonging; he found his home.
“We’re not at war, honey,” he kissed him again, on the lips that time, as sweet as he could. “And even if he were, and one of us... Alpha, if one of us didn’t make it, we’ll never be alone”
“I’m fucking lucky,” the Omega admitted, another authentic laugh escaped his lips. He wasn’t crazy, he was so happy he couldn’t even stop himself from showing it, and the most charming smile lighted his face up. He cupped Steve’s cheek with one hand, the other hand’s fingers spread on his chest, right above his heart.
«Hey, hey, Steve breathe. Honey, came on.» He rushed back on the bed and he cup Steve’s face with his hands, sliding one of them through his hair, that were practically wet, to pet them.
Steve hummed, carefully pulling Tony’s hands away from his face, but keeping them in his own, so they were staring into each other’s eyes. “I’m calling Logan,” he said, ducking in to press a kiss on his forehead.
Steve couldn’t believe Bucky’s questionable method worked, for that reason he took a few seconds before reacting. He had his Omega completely relaxed against him, his delicious scent was filling his nose and he could sense a rush of Tony’s wet slick pooling between his thighs. Fuck, he could already feel the delicious taste on his tongue.
Steve tried to hug both his mate and their daughter by squeezing them with his long arm, and they yelled, asked him to stop and to squeeze harder, filling the room with tinkling laughs and risked more than once to drag all of them down on the floor.
Then he remembered having one of the best date out with Tony, that concluded with both of them very naked and, after, very exhausted. They had incredible sex on most of the conceivable surfaces of the penthouse, and Steve used the last energies to change the bed’ sheets with fresh ones, because Tony deserved a good sleep in a clean bed. As always, it has been fun and a bit frustrating, because a post-orgasm Tony meant a totally useless man that didn’t move any muscle on his own.
“O-oh,” Tony stammered, stroking him over his pectorals and down to the abdomen, following the marked lines of his muscles. “God, you’re gorgeous,” a purr from the Omega, vibrating though his body and curling the edge of the words.
Tension rose when Peter left the room, the Omega felt it on his skin. After a few seconds of heavy silence, he heard snarls ripping from the Alpha’s throat, his jaw set in a hard line, his instincts were surging and he felt the need to stop him, to reassure his Alpha everything was fine, no one would’ve taken away his children from him. Tony ran to gather his mate close, running his hands soothingly over his body, and murmuring into his ear. He kissed Steve many times, on his earlobe, on both eyelids, on the tip of his nose and finally on his lips, hearing the growl reducing kiss after kiss.
, so he settled for bumping his nose against Steve’s shoulder and inhaling the Alpha’s heavy scent with a quiet sigh.
“You developed a kink for exhibitionism?” He guessed with a twist of lips, sniffing the familiar, fierce scent of his Alpha.
Tony moaned sweetly, wrapping both arms around Steve’s neck and pulling him closer, feeling instantly very pleased. The irritation that usually flooded him after being exposed in that way never brushed him, because it was
“That would be the third one. This month only” Considered Natasha, without even trying to hide the amusement note in her voice.
Steve went from zero to turning his Omega around to block him between his own broad body and the kitchen shelf, shutting whatever sound Tony would’ve made by forcing his lips to part for him, for his tongue that slid inside and twisted around the twin in a velvet caress.
The Omega had the word Alpha on his mouth, Steve knew he would say it, in a moan, delicious like a plea, and it would’ve been enough to make him get up on his feet abruptly and bringing Tony with him in the bed, to make him hot and bothered and
Tony looked into his mate’s eyes, which were adoring and fantastic as always. Them alone were enough to made him feel loved and cared, the most important person in Steve’s world. And he was distracting again, but how could he not, when the Alpha’s big hands were one on his belly and one through his hair. His head had been his weakest spot for a long time, but it wasn’t the only significant anymore.
. If they were on a date and he saw any kind of puppies, tears would fill his eyes even in the middle of the street. He went crazy when someone said they weren’t watching WALL-E for the 18th times, and he forgot his anger just a moment later, when Steve started telling stories to their baby. Given the circumstances, his mate didn’t deserve his current outburst, but it was too hard to control his emotions.
It wasn’t fair: Steve entered in his worried and very hot dad mode, which was still kind of new for Tony to refrain from instantly melting. It also meant that he could have been able to effortlessly obtain an extra dose of cuddles and a massage. He had to shake his head to keep his thoughts in order.
“Honey?” He stepped close, cupping one of Steve’s cheek, making eye contact. His Alpha looked hurt, lost, like the day he lost Peggy for the second time, like he had been after the first battle against the person he once considered his best friend. “What happened?”
“Easy there, monkey,” Steve helped her sliding down to sit on his arm, then she got two kisses on her forehead and cheek from both of her dads. “And great job, I knew you’d make it.”
It took a lot of time for both of them to work on their issues, and they made it, because they were together. They learnt to trust and to stand up for each other, they communicated and of course they still had fights from time to time, but at the end of the day the always kissed and wished goodnight, knowing that it would have been really good.
“Can we talk?” Steve asked, hoping to get a real answer. He stepped nearby, sitting on a swivel chair and leaning forward. He didn’t want to impose on his Omega, hence being on a lower height than him usually helped.
That was one of Tony’s biggest improvement: talking his problems over, instead of acting recklessly or locking himself up to not think at all.
His Alpha was doing something about it: group session, they worked according to him; Tony himself had his huge share of issues, but he chose a private therapist to set them straight.
Tony moaned again, stirring like a kitten against Steve’s muscled body, so soft and firm at the same. The Alpha also had the best scent: Tony’ sense of smell was badly affected by the whole maternity thing, but his Alpha’s scent just got better day after day.
“I… Yeah, I feel like that. Don’t look at me so incredulous, in a few years I won’t be able to help them with their scholarship program even if I want to, and they’ll realize they can’t count on me, because I’m just not-”
“I need Jason Momoa’s number. Steve and I didn’t have any fight, why would you think - Listen Pep, light of my life, I need his number, please just do me a favor? But I am asking nicely -
“I’m sorry,” the Alpha whispered, clenching his jaw again, like the words were too difficult to tell.
The kiss lasted long that time; they kept it chaste, soft lips moving across each other’s with a light caress, every little movement expressing every bit of love they had for each other. It was an amazingly big amount, and they felt it all. Tony tilted his head back, and the Alpha growled possessively at how perfect his Omega was, at how he tasted so good, all for him.
“Let’s see, have you two… been to space? Joined an alien boy band?” He faked thinking about it, while circling Tony’s thin waist with the arm that wasn’t holding Mary’s legs. His mate pressed himself against Steve’s side, nuzzling on his cheek while purring low and steady. They could’ve spent hours wrapped around each other like that, talking and laughing with their kids.
“Oh my god,” Tony exhaled, before Steve had a chance to finish his sentence. His eyes widened as he glanced at Bucky, then he found his mate’s gaze and his mouth opened in the most stunning smile he had, the one that created little wrinkles at the corners of his eyes.
“You can have all the coffee you want, if you’ll pick up the mug,” He added, with a smirk. Then, he put the mug on the floor at Tony’s feet and he crossed his arms, after he returned straight, as to state how much of a little shit he was. His gaze never left Tony’s fuming face.
“Uh, you’re a big Omega then, staying up ‘til late with your friend,” Steve praised, his voice soft, coaxing his family with a gentle rumble from his throat.
“Yes!” Tony squeaked, at the same time as Steve asked, “We?” with a smug grin painted on his lips, never letting go of his Omega.
, Rogers! You’ll see,” Tony threaten harshly. Then he moved to pick his favorite mug from the shelf, the one with Captain America’s shield on it that always made Steve smile, but the real Captain moved faster and stole it before Tony had the chance to catch it.
And as the demanding Omega he actually was, he needed much more than kisses. Fuck, he needed his mate to put both hands low on his ass to pull him up and pin him against a wall, then leave love bites on his exposed skin, ripping off his pants and pressing a knee between his legs, so he would have been blocked, and panting, and desperate.
“I appreciate the effort,” he joked lightly, his voice shaking a little. “You should go back to sleep too, honey”
Tony’s eyes opened wide, not in awe but preoccupied, knowing that once the kids were awake, nothing could’ve made them sleep again, until night. Steve froze, with his suit open but still on, then his mouth curved into a bright smile.
Then Steve moved and Tony followed him to Mary and Peter’s bedroom. They walked in silence, and it was perfectly comfortable, but the Omega noticed something’s off: Steve had one free arm, and he wasn’t holding Tony by his hand or by his waist, even if he was on the side of that arm. It’s probably nothing, but they’ve never missed a chance to have their hands on each other for more than a decade, and Tony had an eye for details, especially the ones regarding his gorgeous Alpha.
Tony didn’t stop smoothing his back and kissing him, keeping his little head under his chin where the purrs vibrated, until all he could hear were innocent hiccups. Peter’s small fists relaxed, then his entire body, and with extreme carefulness Tony put him back in the cradle, between his favorite stuffed toy: a golden pup, and a bear with a red and gold metal arm, made from an old iron man suit.
“Uh-uh, piece of cake. I’ll do them suuuuper quickly,” the little Omega climbed out Steve, all scrambled and way too enthusiastic, and the Alpha let him go with a soft chuckle.
Tony jumped, his mouth falling open on a gasp, and Steve took advantage of it, shoving his tongue past his lips, digging his fingers into his hips to keep him still, in a possessive streak.
Steve nuzzled against his cheek, scenting him and licking his bottom lip until Tony gave him access meekly, humming in satisfaction as the Alpha slid inside. When they separated again, Steve bit gently the bridge of his nose, and the Omega almost burst out a laugh, that came out as a muffled giggle since he hid his face into Steve’s shoulder.
“It’s about the children’s homework,” Steve blurted out, even if it seemed hard for him. Tony watched him curious and slid a hand through Steve’s gold locks to massage him with his fingertips. He perfectly knew the points where to caress and where to press for his Alpha to relax, and his clever fingers found them immediately. Steve rumbled grateful, really sweet until Tony smiled.
The Alpha’s gaze laid immediately on him, beaming in the view that was his mate covered by his own clothes; Tony was a thief, that’s been clear since the beginning of their relationship, and even after many years of marriage Steve still felt his possessive side being teased by it.
Sadly, peace and quiet didn’t last long. Tony had as many enemies as Iron Man, and one particularly dangerous showed up just when he and Natasha found the first trace of the Winter Soldier. They destroyed a part of Washington, while Tony and Rhodes saved Pepper and the President, and the nightmares returned.
He still did that, he has so many people he wanted to keep safe - a thought still unfamiliar sometimes - and he could spend several days and nights in a row without resurfacing at all, surviving only thanks to Steve and JARVIS, or another friend if Steve was out for a mission. But it was his work and what he liked to do, not only a way to disconnect from everything else and vent his stress or insomnia.
In fact, Bucky had joined Sam and Clint, who were already mates, after having experienced the free life twenty-first century allowed, while he had had his eyes only on Tony since he fell from a wormhole in the battle of New York.
“As a good Alpha, you should. But…” Tony tried again, pouting in the way he knew Steve couldn’t almost resist.
“Hey,” he breathed, turning his head to face the door. He was too startledand tired to elaborate something more, as he should’ve, since Captain America was looking at him as if he found a beautiful oasis in the middle of the desert, with the brightest smile over an exhausted expression.
“The baby’s fine,” He reassured, and Steve’s body relaxed. “But I’m not, Steve, I’m carrying around a pretty big responsibility here, my back is aching and you weren’t there when I woke up- I know that you need your morning routine as much as I need my lab’s hours, and your scent was still on the bed so I didn’t really feel alone or bad, but, uhm, but, my point is… I - I’m rabbling.” He sighed loudly.
Tony winced and Steve went still, horror filled their eyes as they fixed their gaze on Wade, who was showing the brightest and naughtiest smile. The kid’s crazy, was the only thought he had the time to elaborate, before throwing himself at the Alpha, who looked like tremendously ready to snap and tearing Wade apart, keeping him from doing something he would regret.
He believed Steve until he saw the expression while he tugged Mary’s covers and caressed her face. The Omega grabbed him by the shoulder, and searched his gaze looking at him intensely, then furrowed a little his brow. Steve answered to his silent question by shaking his head once, but then he seemed to reconsider, because he took Tony’s hand and guided him to the living room next to the kitchen, with the children within earshot.
“You don’t need to hide from me. Be apprehensive Tony, be afraid, because I’m too. We are his parents and he is our little boy, it’s our job to be worried and we have still a lot to learn how raising kids. We don’t have to be perfect. They don’t expect that from us; we are allowed to make mistakes,” Steve placed another gentle kiss on Tony’s temple, then on both cheeks, and then he made him bend his head back to bump their noses together.
“Listen to me sweetheart, I’m sorry I left you and Peter alone after promising I wouldn’t. I made it clear with Nick on the way back, I’m not leaving your side for the next month. You’ll grow so tired of me you will come up with something to simulate an attack on the city, just to distract me”
Tony raised his head and looked confused at the sudden halt, but all Steve could see were his red, swollen lips that he couldn’t wait to taste again, and again, and again.
“Oh Steve, you know I wasn’t serious before, right? You are such a good Alpha to me, the best, and you will be a great dad, and - and -” He was switching from talking to kissing, touches light as butterflies. “And - You are putting me on a chair. Why are you putting me on a chair, honey? I, well, I’m still very flexible but this position seems excessive also -
That little, feminine voice clearly didn’t belong to Tony: his was deep, a little rough and honeyed, appealing even, and Steve could’ve listened to him talking forever. Mary’s voice was higher, firm but still gentle, and sounded so worried it pulled them out of the rouse-induced haze.
“Omega, no,” Steve used his Alpha’s voice, the one that had made Tony’s legs tremble since the first time he heard it.
Tony’s mouth fell open as he stared at Steve’s back, who first scooped the forgotten mug and Starkphone up off the floor, then he totally focused on heating the waffle machine. Then, the Omega started to babble and to stutter words, glaring at his mate who answered docilly, patronizing him just to keep him quiet and get him to eat.
At least, that was what he thought he looked from the outside. If asked to the two Alphas in the room, they would have said that Tony looked like a tiny and pouty ball of frustration, with the cutest fluffy head.
Steve grunted in response, a deep sound that came out of his throat, and stabbed an innocent piece of bacon. They stayed quiet for a while, Bucky poured himself some Cap’n Crunch cereal and milk in a bowl and sat at the kitchen’s aisle in front of his friend. Steve was fuming, and stabbing, and swallowing without chewing a pile of innocent pancakes.
“Oh Tony, we discussed it so many times. You can’t have it, it ain’t healthy for the baby, and for you either” His words sounded tired, and maybe that was because the argument came up once a month, at least. But Tony didn’t want to focus on those pointless details.
,” The Alpha whispered, and the Omega released a purr at that throaty tone. “My beautiful Omega, I need you.
«Wanna talk?» He asked in a soft voice, when he felt Steve’s breath stabilize. It was no time to show his worries, his boyfriend needed him to be strong and solid for both of them. It always was such an honor to be someone on which Steve could count on, it made his skip a bear every time he realized that.
“It’s what your Pops is doing, instead of making things easier for his Omega, who’s only trying to, uh, ugh–Nope, not like that, why is your head so annoying?” Tony was making a show, he knew that, but it was all Steve’s longer hair fault, which didn’t stay the way
Tony loved when she called him sweet Omega, it made him scrunch his nose and feeling a warm sensation in the chest. Nat had always been the coolest, after him, and if she had been less scary, taller, more muscular, blonde, and… Well,
“Yes, you are, Petey,” the young Alpha responded seriously, while also climbing her Pops. Steve wasn’t sure why she always did that, trying to get over his shoulders or his head, it was just funny and sort of cute. His cute little monkey.
Steve thought about it for a moment, gazing in his Omega’s smug eyes. They weren’t fighting, but that little argument was keeping them from having some other kind of quality time together, and after two days he needed more than chaste touches.
“Sleep, I’ll bring you to bed later,” the Alpha talked, sounding more imperative than tender. Unfortunately for him, Tony has never worked well with authorities, he was aimed at proving them wrong.
Tony’s answer was to purr again, knowing how he affected the Alpha. But Steve needed answers and growled back with a bit of a warning. The Omega pouted, so adorably the Alpha had to resist kissing him again.
“Of course I did. You’re upset Omega, and I let it happen, allowing Peter to invite an Alpha to our trip: the first Alpha he’s closed to, who doesn’t belong to our family. I really want to make it up to you,” he hugged his Omega back, tight and comforting, rumbling low and making him sigh in satisfaction.
, and, well, Rhodey, Pepper, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, JARVIS, that Omega girl at the reception of S.I… It surely was a long list, but only one of them had promised to take care of him in every way possible. And Steve made him swear off caffeine. The father of his baby, his life mate, his Alpha. Made. Him. Swear off.
,” He had his mouth wide open and was gasping for hair, without stopping his hands which were creating imaginary shapes in the air at Steve’s abs height.
“We got it,” He managed to say through a soft whisper. He felt too overwhelmed by happiness and his voice broke into a cry when he repeated the words: “We- We got it”
Tony approached him putting a hand on his shoulder, got up on his tiptoes and whispered words so sweet and intimate they had to be declared with the sweetest voice, as if they were something sacred and they had to protect carefully them.
Tony hummed thankfully when Steve guided him to his throat, knowing his own scent helped the Omega settling his nerves. He restrained himself to lower the hand from Tony’s head to his neck, one of the most sensitive part, as he didn’t want an angry
“Keep an eye on him, J.” murmured Tony, watching his kid run away. He sighed happily and rest a shoulder against Steve’s chest and a cheek under his chin. The Alpha supported his weight, steady as a rock.
He would have always called the baby ‘Peanut’ in his mind, but the little creature needed a real name. Tony tried for weeks to convince Steve that they were famous enough to choose an extravagant name, but eventually the baby wasn’t even the size of a peanut anymore. And he wasn’t really as much frivolous as he used to show, maybe just an 80% of it.
,” Tony mumbled against his lips and Steve put both hands low on the Omega’s ass to yank him up, closing the distance.
Steve nodded, and brushed his lips with Tony’s before to actually kiss him. It was only a light touch, but it was enough to send all his love to his boyfriend.
“What’s happening?” Clint’s head popped up behind the door. He seemed confused, but one look at the bickering couple and at the mug on the floor were enough to understand the situation. “Uh,” He sat near Natasha, but on the table. Clint valued his life to interfere, but it didn’t mean just observing would have been less fun.
“I-It isn’t- It isn’t d-daddy fault,” the bottom lip of Peter trembled alarmingly, and Steve sighed, pressing a kiss on his forehead and hopping him a little, since he was sitting on his arm. In another situation, Tony would’ve melted: his Alpha’s chest was large, he had brooded shoulders and his super strength,
under the pressure, and Steve took away his next rambled words with a long, lazy kiss, taking advantage of his mouth already open, shoving his tongue deep inside him, while Mary kissed him anywhere she could reach, Tony’s cheeks, hair and even his closed eyelids. The little Alpha giggled and shouted at her Pops to live her daddy alone, and that she wanted to be kissed too, while wiggling on top of Tony’s back that would hurt later. The Omega was focusing completely on melting on Steve’s strong body, which was still supporting both of them, the Alpha so happy he didn’t mind Mary’s yelling and twisting, because that was pure joy.
Tony huffed a soft laugh, while Steve let his head drop onto Tony’s shoulder, still looking at Peter, and growled quietly to calm him. Their children were the only ones who could interrupt them during those particular moment, without suffer the consequences. Steve made anyone else regrets that choice, even if unintentional like in most cases – and Tony’s rage was no better: never intrude while they were
A two-day mission wasn’t the longest time he spent far from home, however coming back felt strangely like returning after an entire month of radio silence. Every hour he spent without his family was wrong under many aspects, especially during cold days, when all he wanted was to wrap his arms around his Omegas and little Alpha, cuddling with them while watching a kid movie—he almost forgot any other movies still existed.
“Hey,” Tony breathed, while lowering to Peter’s level. “You know who is very old?” He waited for Peter to shake his head, the added: “Your Pops is, he’s almost
Tony sniffed and caught Steve’s mouth with his own, pouring all his needs and feelings in the passionate kiss. His husband was a sentimental, stubborn guy, and he loved him so fucking much.
They crushed their mouth together in a hard kiss that muffled every sound for a long minute, and when Tony’s leg went around Steve’s waist, the Alpha automatically helped him resting his leg up there, pressing a hand under his thigh. The Omega’s purring echoed in the room, and he got his fingers tangled in Steve’s blonde hair, tugging enough to make the Alpha groan.
Thinking of his daughter helped to remember how to breathe, he didn’t even notice he was holding it. Still, there was something weird, incorrect, and his mind caught it already, he only needed to see it again. It was right there, in front of him, on the tip of his tongue, or at the edge of his cortex, whatever, but he couldn’t seem to grasp it. The children move closer to the two big Alphas, circled them, already impatient to go, and Tony’s gaze followed them, until he saw it. It was Steve, of course, he couldn’t miss anything related to his Alpha.
“Nevertheless, he gets kisses every day: by me, by you and Mary, sometimes even by aunt Tasha and uncle Bucky. Oh, we aren’t supposed to know the last thing, so keep acting like you don’t when Bucky’s here. Or don’t, if they feel their Alphaness threatened because we know they kiss each other, that’s their problem,” a cough interrupted Tony’s rambling, who smiled and continued.
“Uh, your future child? Peanut, Tony’s excuse to make us do what he wants whenever he wants. Seriously Stevie, what’s going on?” The corner of Tony’s mouth quirked up in a satisfied grin, before he really thought about Bucky’s word.
He plastered himself at his Alpha’s side as close as he could, with Steve’s free arm around his waist, and the hand firmly pressed on his hip. Both Tony’s hands were tangled in the blond, rebellious locks of his husband, intending to get them done, but he was just soft stroking them. Mary was apparently trying to help even if she was only gently patting her little hand onto Steve’s temple.
“Go forage for-? Do you see me as a caveman?” Steve repeated furrowing, then huffed a laugh. Sometimes Tony was just ridiculous.
“What, you wanna ask if I’ve slept and eaten enough for the baby’s health?” He sounded strongly bitter. What would’ve been so terrible about that, anyway?
Tony’s scent instantly surrounded them, sweet and yet powerful, leaving Steve amazed. It was the scent of a pregnant Omega: it smelled like fresh, beautiful flowers, with something of warm and tantalizing brought about by his arousal.
“Send me Mark 47’s gauntlet J. I have an Alpha to blast,” He commanded, with a guttural growl. They were only wasting energy, energies that he didn’t have, because Steve didn’t allow him to drink his fucking coffee.
“I really need it, and I - uh, I - had JARVIS buy a new coffee machine earlier” He wanted to cover his mouth as soon as he spoke. He wasn’t supposed to tell that! He was supposed to stand up and fight for his rights!
“Hate that doctor. He do’s anythin’ Cap tells him” Tony grumbled, and Steve nodded with proud. “’s just a scared little sh-” Steve let out a cough, disapproving the poor choice of words, stopping him.
One of Steve’s blonde locks fell as he leaned over to growl in Tony’s ear, and it brushed the Omega’s cheek, but it felt more like a slap, enough to bring him back to reality and remember how to breathe. He gasped Steve’s name, or maybe Alpha, sucking in a breath, eyes fluttering and going wide as Steve’s hand let go of his neck, making him feel empty, suddenly cold and shivering.
Tony abruptly snapped out of sleep with a gasp, and it was possible to see the fear in his eyes, because the room was suddenly illuminated with mood lighting.
With his heart beating loud in his ears, he focused on the devastating loud crying, sitting down with a gasp, searching for his husband with the other hand without even thinking. They’ve slept together for so many years, he didn’t notice right away the mattress wasn’t curvedunder the weight of Steve, and he wasn't tangledin his strong arms.
Steve hugged Tony back as tightly as he could, straighten himself and lifting the Omega up with one smooth movement. Tony instinctively wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist as he did, without even a flinch, and still with his face hid in the Alpha’s neck.
“I got A for my art project,” Mary interrupted, kicking lightly again to move from her current position.
“Irritating Alpha, you know I can’t bend over!” Tony cried. “Is this the kind of respect you have for the father of your son?” He waved his hands like crazy. It would have been adorable, if he wasn’t getting so angry.
Being adorable and calling him by his name. His Omega didn’t want to leave, but there were responsibilities even him couldn’t ignore. Steve had to take the correct decision for both of them and as badly as he wanted his mate, their children came always before their libido.
The Alpha allowed himself only a deep breath of Tony’s hot scent, rumbling deep in his chest, a coaxing sound that had his Omega purring in response.
“At you,” Steve’s voice was final, leaving no room for confusion or misunderstanding. He cupped Tony’s cheeks, gently, he didn’t force the Omega to look back at him but he did, and Steve kissed him on the lips. Tony wrinkled his nose but kissed his Alpha anyway, digging his fingers in Steve’s biceps and using them as a lift when he raised on tiptoes.
He decided to play it cool, and even if he couldn’t focus on what Steve told Logan after a quick handshake, or what the kids where doing together, he nodded in Logan’s direction when he supposed the Alpha’s eyes landed on him for a second. He didn’t know when he put down Mary, she might even have asked him to do so, but almost every sound reduced to nothing but a background noise.
Almost was the key word, and the Alpha yanked Tony toward himself until their noses where only one centimeter apart, growling low and warningly. One inhale of their mixed scent, and the Alpha wanted to lose it again. Tony’s eyes widened, then he leaned over, sticking out his tongue to kitten lick Steve’s bottom lip, purring in a soothingly, apologetically way.
They both established a routine for nightmares: Steve had to think only to good things, one at a time, while taking long breaths. He did it, like all the other times.
Steve felt the familiar fabric of his mate’s underwear, he stroked the fancy, delicate lacy and Tony kneed when the Alpha squeezed him tighter, kneading at the hot flesh of his ass. “I did miss you,” the Alpha let out in a growl, lifting him up with one quick jerk.
When he felt Steve relaxing, he stopped talking and kissed him lightly on the forehead, where he paused for few seconds.
The music stopped without warning, and two pairs of huge, chocolate brown eyes looked up to meet the most tender and stunning blue gaze they had ever seen in their entire life. Well, one of them was only 9 years old, but he was sure his Pops’ eyes were the bluest, the kindest, and the loveablest- the most loveable that ever existed.
“How could I ever be bored with you? I want to spend every day taking care of you, baby or not on the way. You’re the one I love, the one I want to grow old with, laughing at terrible jokes and worrying for your life every time you put yourself in danger to save others,”
“Pops!” Mary chirped, lifting her head and looking stunned at her dad. Peter followed her right after, opening his chocolate eyes and smiling excited. “You’re back!”
Tony started to say he hadn’t really meant it, that it was just his silly pregnant self speaking, but then Steve’s teeth landed on his neck, over his bonding mark, over his heart beat, digging in enough to make him gasp. Nothing made him feel as defenseless as his Alpha’s possessiveness.
Mary growled challenging, leering at him with her bright blue eyes. The color was lighter than Steve’s, but equally intense. He roared back deeper, making her wince, but Mary was the daughter of two brave, stubborn people and as a 4-year-old full of life she always wanted to play, so she slid forward and rumbled again, loaded with enough
What a pompous, mouthful title, he thought with indignation. I should go visit them, to talk about names and their importance. That wasn’t the point anyway: he was the one who wanted to giggle, really. Like the first time he and Rhodey saw those videos, they laughed so hard Tony fell off the couch, and Steve’s blush reached its highest level, covering him well beyond the deep V neck of his sweater. The same night, also Tony became that red, just not on the face though.
Steve tore his mouth away, and it hurt, it felt like someone took away the most important part of himself, but there was something wrong with his Omega, and even the most animalistic part of Steve couldn’t ignore that.
He found another way to cope: it wasn’t alcohol, strangers in his bed, or reducing himself to a hot piping mess. He removed his shirt and pick up from the crib his adorable, little coping mechanism, also known as Peter, and hugged him skin on skin.
“Oh, I’ll tell you what’s going on,” Tony snapped, pulling out his Starkphone. He wasn’t going to lose or changing his mind that time. Perhaps he already forgot his withdrawal from caffeine, but there still was his pride at stake. He couldn’t believe his Alpha would have left him die of thirst… Or worse, that he mocked him about his pregnancy.
“Peter’s waiting for you, Omega, and someone told me I should go forage for supper,” he teased a little, hoping to make Tony’s furrowed brow relaxing again.
He brought his free hand up and settled it onto the back of Tony’s neck, keeping him steady as he sealed his own lips on the Omega’s throat. He heard his name again, his first name. He’s not calling me Alpha, he realized. He heard it again, together with his hair being pulled. Tony’s whole body was shaking with purring, heated by his Alpha’s attention, yet he was sending twisted messages by calling him Steve, and even if moaned with ecstasy, it sounded still wrong.
Then, he felt Steve’s smirk opening on his neck, and he smacked him on a shoulder, telling him to be good. “Behave, Alpha,” Tony smirked too, and cup Steve’s face with both hands to meet his eyes again. The Alpha hummed and rumbled teasingly, and Tony quiet him by kissing his lips with playful pecks, light as butterflies.
“Can’t I change my mind? I bet you wouldn’t hold it against your child!” He yelled in Steve’s face, who was looking more worried second after second.
Steve sighed and put more pressure with his hand, massaging Tony’s scalp in the exact points that made the genius relaxing.
Steve groaned again and fuck, it hurt more than being shot to get Tony’s hands off him. He brought them to his lips and kissed the back of both, first one and then the other, slow and gentle, without interrupting eye contact with his Omega.
Steve sighed lingeringly, tilting his head and looking at that perfect ass leaving the kitchen. He rumbled coaxing, until Tony glanced over his shoulder, showing Steve his million-dollar smile, and the time stopped for a moment. The Alpha could see only that grin, which melted his heart like ice on his hot body. Damn, how was he supposed to cook in the condition Tony left him? As if it never happened before. Maybe he had time for a quick, cold shower, whilst the savory pie baked.
Steve gave him a lopsided grin, while Tony murmured something, stuffing more food in his mouth. Bucky recognized the words “cruel Alpha”, “troll” and a swear - Not a very bad one, they had been banished since Tony was seven months pregnant.
Tony’s eyes widened as his purring lowered, a lot, but it didn’t stop entirely, so Steve could still breath- if he made his husband furious, nothing could distract Mary enough. Not that he was so worried of what his beautiful daughter could’ve done, he just didn’t want her to monopolize Tony, trying to protect him, or he would’ve slept alone that night.
“At myself, mostly, I suppose. I’m just kind of annoyed, no big deal really. Just tiring. You should get back to make dinner, don’t you have mouths to feed? Go forage for our supper or, whatever”
“We were there, you and me, and all the other Avengers. There were hundreds of us, faces I couldn’t recognize, fighting by our side,” his arm tightened around his waist, his lips placed a kiss on the top of his head. Tony paid him back kissing him under his ear, stroking his hair to comfort him.
So many things changed since they had met. He spent almost all his life being adamant about not being matched, fighting all the Omegas’ stereotypes, revolutionizing the way they were seen, rejecting every Alphas and Betas’ bullshits. He was considered the living example of thriving, successful Omega who fulfilled himself without a mate. When he met Captain America and they started living in the same place, he didn’t want Steve to act like an Alpha, also detesting being called Omega by him. And still, he had been such a good man to him…
“Wanna tell me why you were mad?” He nuzzled his nose in the Omega’s hair, stroking his back and shoulders gently.
They looked each other in the eyes, then the Alpha sighed in disapproval and closed his eyes for few seconds.
Steve picked him up effortlessly, both arms under his knees and his back, and for once Tony didn’t complain at all. He always had a thing for Steve’s show of strength.
The Omega wasn’t scared of him, he was hyper conscious of Steve’s power and aroused by it, but never terrified. The Alpha acting so jealous was another proof of their wonderful love, and Tony never loved so much to be an Omega.
Steve’s hand was soon on his abdomen, and he was frowning. “Is the baby fine? Did anything happen while I was running? JARVIS didn’t tell me any-” He spoke quickly, already worrying so much.
“Hey, how come after seventy years I’m still teaching you how to court pretty Omegas?” He sounded a lot accusatory for Steve’s likings, with the pointy spoon in his direction.
He did it carefully, Peter was sleeping, and as soon as he had his son pressed against his chest he felt a tight knot in his stomach starting easing up. He wasn’t aware he was holding his breath, but when he looked at his baby’s cute face, the only visible part since he was wrappedin a soft, Captain America blanket, the air started filling up Tony’s lungs again.
The Omega muffled a surprised moan, but followed his lead smoothly, intertwining his long fingers through blonde hairs. After a long, innocent yet very affectionate kiss, Tony’s mouth opened for him, and Steve bit down at his bottom lip, harder enough to make him yelp, before sliding inside with his tongue, swallowing the delightful sigh.
Steve wasn’t even supposedto be far away more that ten feet from his family, he was on leave as they had a son, but the villains in Europe didn’t seem to mind enough. Rude.
The Omega buried his face again in Steve’s neck and nodded, still stroking his fingers over the Alpha’s muscles. “’m fine,” words muffled by his position, but Steve already knew it, anyway. “You smell good,” he mewled, stroking his lips against Steve’s skin, making the Alpha groan, his eyes falling shut.
His Peanut was almost ready to be born, one another good point of being pregnant, together with a shinier and smoother skin, and the undivided attention of all the people who gathered around. Most of them used to think he had to be helped to do everything, since he was almost nine months pregnant.
“Well, what are you’re going to have, Captain?” He asked, with a voice as tempting as the fully kissable mouth that formed the words.
The genius readjusted the baby and pressed himself against Steve’s large and warm chest, keeping his head turned on one side to hide in Steve’s neck. He inhaled deeply, and under layers of earthy smells he recognized the one he loved, and his world seemed to revolve again at the right pace.
I’m going to die. He’s going to kill me, and he’s never been so sure of anything in his entire life, as he turned to watch Steve walk away from him. He didn’t have a dangerous heart condition, not anymore, but he pressed a hand to his chest, trying to calm down, and took deep, long breaths, closing his eyes to focus on inhaling and exhaling, to avoid the almost certain heart attack.
“I know what you’re doing,” the Omega blurted out, somewhat accusatory. The Alpha huffed a laugh and pulled him closer, his other hand found Tony’s hip
That night, Tony found his boyfriend curled up on their bed, with his gift next to his head on the pillow. He wondered how Steve was able to sleep with the glowing blue light directly on the eyes, but actually, he slept in stranger places.
“Hey yourself,” Steve said in a soothing voice, placing one hand on Tony’s that were holding Peter, and the other stroked Tony’s cheek.
“-belly,” Steve finished, glaring at his friend. “Next thing I know, he’s pushing me out of our bedroom, growling at me and yelling that I didn’t want him anymore, I was only interested in the baby,” three stabs followed his words, and his mouth was full again. His body required an incredible amount of food when he had to deal with Tony’s sudden mood swings and is pregnancy logic.
Hard as rock, he thrusted against the Omega’s length, and raised his head from that talented, addictive mouth to look at Tony with dark eyes, of a predator who was going to assault his prey, as hungry as the first time he claimed him.
“Do you also know why?” He asked then, after releasing a deep rumble, not doubting his Omega already figured out his intentions.
, he thought, and he didn’t realize that he was calling Tony’s name again and again, with a more loud voice. He was also shaking him, with his trembling hands - he was all shaking, but he was focused only on the genius.
He found his body with his hands, it was warm and real, he was also able to hear a little snoring that sounded more like purrs. But without the light of the arc reactor, all he was able to thought was that something was really wrong with Tony. He felt danger, and he didn’t like it at all. Even less when he reached Tony’s chest, and there were only scars.
“You’ve planned dis,” a sigh from the Omega, who sniffled. “You’ve planned to make me cry,” another sigh as he went on with his accuses.
Steve’s nose nudging at his check brought him back to reality. He inhaled sharply and sniffed annoyed, his upper lip twisted up, but then he let out a sigh and turned his face a little, so their noses brushed gently together. There was no way he could resist such a sweet gesture, and he didn’t want to. All the attentions from his Alpha were precious, even when Steve irritated him.
He was, and he continued, looking at the Alpha with a sweet expression, his nose a little wrinkled, a lovely pout on his lips, half twisted in a smile, and intermitted purrs devoted to worship the most important person in his life. He wasn’t really that annoyed; he was a genius, he would figure out how to resolve Steve’s new fashion choice. He wanted longer hair? Fine by his Omega, since he looked hotter than Tony could’ve ever imagined. And Steve started from a very hot base, so he was talking about a serious hotness in there.  If only they cooperated a little more with his fingers.
“… and Steve,” he added, sinking his face in their daughter’s gold hair, but keeping eye contact with his mate. He watched as Steve’s lips parted in surprise and disbelief, and Tony chuckled before circling his neck with both arms.
“Silly Alpha. Only a fool would believe our children won’t need you. They’ve so much to learn from you, one lifetime will not be half enough. Uh, uh, uh, don’t interrupt me. You’re intelligent Steve, you’re sharp, astute, and wise. Your stubbornness doesn’t make you give up on anything. You don’t avoid responsibilities and- And the most important thing, your best feature is- You make them feel loved.
“They aren’t turkeys, you know?” Steve smiled, sniffing Tony’s scent. God, it was a mix of love and sex, and he wanted nothing more than biting him.
Peter giggled and run toward the Alpha, instantly forgetting the project he was working on with Tony. The children could stay in the workshop only supervised by their parents, and only for a few hours- One member of the family addicted to that place was enough. And besides, Tony worked slower if he had to keep attention to them, even with JARVIS’ and the bots’ help. He didn’t really trust the bots to watch the kids; they were babies as well, so he often spent whole the time playing instead of working.
“Not smart enough?” Tony interjected again, and Steve nodded uncertain. They pressed their front together, one breathing the air of the other.
“It’s still very early,” Tony commented, exhaling again, while Steve strolled toward the kitchen, carrying the Omega with him. “There are high chances they’ll be asleep again for a couple more hours, if we can stuff them with as many pancakes as possible.”
“Let’s- Let’s make children… I mean food, let’s make it. Oh god, let’s make it,” and really, there weren’t anything more lovely than a flustered, rambling, mind blown Tony. Steve was finally at home.
He wanted to keep Tony safe with all his heart, and the reality slammed in his face that the dangers were waiting for them, just around the corner.
- rolling up the sleeves that finished well over his wrists anyway, and then he wrapped himself in a blanket. A long yawn accompanied him while he dragged himself back to his husband; being a superhero, an inventor and a CEO was less tiring than having a little child, that’s for sure.
Steve had his fists clenched, his expression ruined by guilt and remorse. He wasn’t looking neither at Peter nor at Tony; he moved a little further from them after the Omega took the child from his arms, and stood there, looking down at the floor, his square jaw clenched, and shoulders tensed.
“Again? Hmm, I think Prince Charming woke up Prince Tony too many times this week. Let them sleep peaceful together, tonight I’ll tell you the legend of Tony of Locksley, a heroic outlaw, also known as Iron Hood,” he made a gesture with a hand to make him get out, with an encouraging smile on his lips.
“Hey, don’t say more, give him to me,” as soon as he took Peter from Steve’s arms, he started gently cradling him, leaving kisses on his soft head and purring quiet and steady, soothing him with little bumps, whispering sweet words. Skin-to-skin contact always helped to reassure the baby.
Tony circled Steve’s neck with both arms, and looked at him directly in the eyes, for real that time. Steve waited, gaze awed by the beautiful face he was observing, and the Omega stuck out his lips, closing his eyes and leaning forward.
them? It’s just- You’ve just made things worse for yourself,” a rush of irritation shook Tony, who pointed a finger in Steve’s direction and growled the words by pure instincts, feeling outnumbered. Tony had never been someone that backed out if surrounded by Alphas, quite the opposite actually.
to send a little shiver through Tony’s spine. Steve’s mouth curved in a feral smile, teeth in the open.
“That’s right Tony,” Steve breathed the words into his mate’s neck, praising him with soft kisses and small bites up to the soft spot behind his hear. “You’re so good like this sweetheart, so pretty. Sweet, perfect and submissive for me, aren’t you?”
“Then, my pup, nobody can be too old to be kissed. Kisses have no age, just like me,” he concluded with a big smack on Peter’s cheek, making it sound loud on purpose. Peter nodded and run to Steve, he climbed on the sofa and then on the Alpha, and they hugged tightly right after the little Omega gave him a kiss in the same way he received the previous from Tony. A peaceful rumble from the Alpha made Peter relaxing, who responded with little soft purrs. He hasn’t learned to control them well yet, they came out instinctively in those sweet moment, and only with his parents.
“Like telling Peter he can’t invite Alpha friends over?” he asked after a moment, in his tiny voice. He was pouting then, but the sadness left his eyes, and his heart.
Steve’s heart melted. He took a deep breath of his family’s scent, looking at them with the most devoted gaze. He was the luckiest man on earth; his family was beautiful, they made him happy, and cherished, they were everything he always wished he could have when he was only a young soldier, but didn’t think it could really happen.
“Wade’s here!” Peter squeaked; his voice high-pitched enough to capture the undivided attention of both parents.
“You threatened me to raise our son with another man? Another Alpha?” Steve roared the words on his ear, and the he held his breath when the Alpha put a possessive hand at the back of his neck, the eyes sliding dark blue.
They got close to the car, where Peter and Ned were welcoming Wade showing him their new complicated and unnecessarily long secret handshake. Logan was exiting the vehicle, with dark sunglasses on and a cigar between his lips. He nodded toward them, and Tony found his path blocked by his mate’s hand.
for him, and Steve was almost gone. He was reduced to an Alpha with the only desire to take care of his Omega, making him happy, to pin him to the floor and to devour him.
“Noo,” Peter giggled, like his dad was really silly. Then he halted, looking up again with a questioning look. “Do aliens play music? Could we join their bands?”
. Mary is proving to be as smart as him, and one day they’ll be as brilliant as you… It made me recall the other day, when she asked me about the millennium problems, and in less than an hour she already knew more than me”
The Omega closed his eyes, sighing as he relaxed completely against his husband. They kissed again, slowly, lazily, then Steve left his lips in favor of his hands, he brought one to his mouth, and the last things Tony remembered were adoring kisses on his knuckles and on his wrist.
Then Tony slid his ands over Steve’s neck, caressing his shoulders and down on his arms. He stroked his exposed skin and went back up again on his face, where he gently press a thumb on his bottom lip and he searched for his eyes.
At that point of their lives, his bad dreams where full of people falling, and falling again, and he was so helpless that he always woke up in the middle of them feeling at the edge of a panic attack.
The little Alpha was very sensitive to her daddy’s emotions, and she needed to have physical contact with him when she sensed Tony’s upsetting. Usually, she also tried to keep Steve away from the Omega; luckily that time the reading was distracting her enough, and besides, the Alpha wasn’t exactly free to go anywhere.
Tony wasn’t scared, he treated his Alpha gently in the way he knew he could bring him back. Steve’s anger was weaker only than the anxiety to frighten his Omega, and luckily for him, he was that Omega.
Tony shook his head, resting it against the back of the sofa. “I prefer what I’m doing now,” he said with a smirk, desire coming out of his eyes as he was ogling at Steve’s massive body. “Mmm yes, slowly,” he murmured, slightly parting his lips.
Both of them groaned and swallowed each other’s sounds in a passionate kiss. The Alpha found his lips already parted and slid his tongue inside, squeezing and kneading the perfectly round curve of Tony’s rear, until the Omega whined and spread his legs further, wriggling closer so they were fit tight together.
“Good. It doesn’t mean you can’t get anxious, though. You are his father, and… No, that’s not it. You love him”
“We stayed up past midnight, watching a Star Wars movie running!” The little Omega squeaked, looking so excited for doing something for the first time.
Tony really tried to find the correct answer, but it didn’t exist, there wasn’t anything right to say at that point. He screwed up, he freaked out instead of reflecting and then his head became too fuzzy to actually think. He opened the mouth and closed it right after, because he would have just made things worse.
He resisted for fifty-five seconds, feeling all the tiredness coming back. Steve’s hands found the sway of his hips, the curves he once said were madejust for him: they curved right for his hands to rest on them. The Alpha still didn’t talk; he needed to do something about it.
“I got to–Gotta go, so… later. The suit. This…us. Later. Gotta go to bring Peter home, remember?” Tony barely slurred the words, both his mind and body clearly somewhere else.
“Christ, you’re beautiful,” Steve breathed the words on Tony’s lips, eyes half-open and fingers laced in dark, short hairs. “I’m still trying to figure out how to make you understand…”
The Omega kissed him on his lips, and as Steve leaned over, they rested their foreheads together, looking at each other from the close distance. Thousands of thoughts swirled in Tony’s head, but he held them to let Steve talk.
The only thought made his chest warmer, like only a sweet kiss from Tony, or a good sip of hot chocolate, could do.
“Yesterday I told the kids you were coming home early. They woke me up one hour ago, begging me to let them stay awake until your arrival,” the Omega explained, gently moving one of Mary’s blonde lock away from her gracious face.
Remember. He did, of course, his eidetic memory was perfect, or close to perfection at least. He remembered everything: the first time he thought of Tony not as an Omega, but as
“Someone wanted to say hi, before going to bed,” Steve almost whispered in a low tone, with a soft smile. He was holding another kid, who was sitting on his arm and resting his head against his shoulder, eyes were already closed. They could hear nothing but at little rumble coming from her.
His husband had the helmet of the suit in one hand, the shield still on his shoulders, and his clothes were in a terrible state - Tony would’ve scolded him later - but nothing mattered except that he was home.
That got him two excited squeaks, and an involuntary purring from his still slightly upset husband. Tony loved when he used the Captain’s voice, and he might or might not have done it intentionally.
Their soft and watery chuckles eased all the weights on their shoulder, and they returned to kissing and cuddling on the floor of their bedroom, with the fruit of their true love still asleep and safe in both his dads’ arms.
Omega. The smells and sensations he felt the first time he knotted Tony; the marvelous sounds Tony’s body made. What he talked about at his first group therapy session, where he went to be a better man, for the people he loved. For Tony.
He sighed of relief when his passcode opened the tinted glass door: Tony threatened him more than once to change it without letting his Alpha know, and Steve thought, that time, he could’ve done that for real.
The Alpha smiled tenderly, and he leaned to kiss the top of his head, finally pressing a warm and protective hand on his back between his shoulder blades. “Of course, pretty Omega” he reassured, rumbling quiet.
“I’ve a better idea,” Steve started, and his smile became a grin. He pressed one fingertip under Tony’s chin to made him lift his head up, their lips separated just by an inch. “One that will put your sweet mouth to better use”
He didn’t need to see his face to know Tony fought against a smile, hiding his face in Steve’s neck, one hand squeezing at Steve’s hip and the other clenched around his shoulder.
“Can’t argue with that,” whispered the Alpha, while Tony pet delicately his daughter’s hair, murmuring shh and sweet words.
He groaned, low and deep, feeling a shudder through his mate. The Omega was being very good, moving his head to follow Steve’s angle, pleasing him with sweet whines and mewls, knowing his Alpha loved hearing them.
Alpha, and as Omega all his instincts were irrationally screaming that the Alpha would have done everything if he was submissive enough…
«It was just a reflex. You know I’m happy that you had it removed, right? It was the right decision.» Steve said, brushing his thumb on the back of his hand. He tried to smile, but the moment his head touched again the pillow, he felt the exhaustion get back again.
The alpha sighed dreamily, remaining silent, watching Tony with the most intense and fondly look. Tony’s hand in his hair stopped, but just to wrap his head with both arms, hugging it tightly against his sternum.
,” he breathed, with a hint of finality in his voice, softened by the fond smile which appeared against his will.
“Your heart is so big, and you always put it on the front line, but still, my sweet Omega you forget how much it’s exposed, and that it’s so easily breakable,” Steve whispered the words against Tony’s temple, and pressed his lips in a lingering kiss. He rumbled soothing, until the Omega made a soft noise that might’ve been a hum, might’ve been a purr. They didn’t really start though, and the Alpha wasn’t pleased.
He knew it was just a bad dream, he had them since the loss of Bucky. Being a super-soldier helped, because he didn’t need to sleep every night, so he could have avoided frightening memories. It went better through the years, of course they still were in war, but at least he moved on from that particular guilt.
“Sweet, perfect Omega,” he murmured, nuzzling at Tony’s cheek, squeezing his ass, while his mate got to work on his neck, nibbling and licking to the soft spot. Steve rocked his hips, pressing against Tony’s own hard flesh, and they both moaned loudly, like two horny teenagers that couldn’t control their instincts.
. Your heart it’s what made you the strongest man, and the best dad any kid could ever desire,” the last words came out a little broken, Tony’s voice wrecked and trembled, and he patted few times on Steve’s chest with a fingertip.
Steve tried to ignore the tightness in his pants; as badly as he wanted to bend his Omega over the nearest surface and resume the previous night activities, for the sake of his marriage he forced himself to settle. Bucky’s method was dangerous, having Tony’s pliant in his arms was making him forget he had somewhat hurt his Omega.
The Omega thought about his answer, then shook his head. He pressed his forehead at the center of Steve’s chest and lowered both hands at the base of Steve’s spine, watching down. He didn’t feel like falling without his Alpha’s support anymore, but he wasn’t ready to leave him either.
When he ignored the Alpha, also turning on another side, he felt his own skin burning. Steve hated when his Omega pretended, his Alpha’s instincts required full attention.
, his lips were plump and swollen, his tongue skilled, laced around his own, his hands everywhere over Steve’s muscles, squeezing and digging in with his slender fingers. Still, something was bugging Steve.
“He got upset, accusing me to not liking him as before, that I only want to touch his-” That time Bucky interrupted him, with a screech of the spoon against the bowl.
“All right kids get in the jet and wait for us. We’ll leave soon,” Steve instructed, turning around to face Tony with a mischievous grin meant only for him. Fuck, Steve knew; did he learn how to read mind? Or was only Tony’s own so clear for him?
“I knew we- that we won, but I lost everything,” he breathed, holding Tony closer to him, hiding him completely from the rest of the world. The Omega had nothing to complain about it, he was in his favorite place, surrounded by the two people he loved the most.
They left the lab while talking; Tony was leaving a trail of delicate kisses on Steve’s neck and jaw, sometimes rubbing his nose against his skin to scent him. Steve was just gladly enjoying all those sweet attentions and couldn’t wait to reach their floors to reciprocate.
Tony wasn’t sleeping in their bed, curled on Steve’s side, his face pressed on Steve’s cushion, fluffy bed-hair sprawled everywhere. He was crouched on one sofa, working on the StarkPad, wearing a big blue sweater that was falling down one of his shoulder—definitely not one of his own—comfy, old sweatpants and a pair of socks with a pattern made by little Steve’s shields.
He tried to calm down, and to think only about the most positive effects of his situation. While looking at himself in the mirror, examining the freshly trimmed goatee, he caressed absently his big and round maternity belly. He didn’t think he was fat, because he
The Omega felt the heavy gaze of his Alpha on himself, brushing on his hair, giving him goose bumps on the back of his neck, but both of them said nothing else, and he was grateful for that. He had time to metabolize a stranger Alpha presence, hadn’t he? If only he hadn’t avoided that, though.
In any other time, Tony would’ve smiled at the bear, remembering that funny little story behind its arm. That night though, he stroked his baby’s head one last time, beaming at the view of him sleeping quietly, before turning toward his husband.
Laying down the knife, he turned around without breaking his mate’s embrace. Their eyes met only for a second, then the Omega buried his face in his chest. Steve held his head, massaging his scalp in slow circles. There wasn’t need to show his concern, Tony needed his time to open up, and the Alpha was there to support him.
“Thank you, my sweet Alpha,” he whispered close to her ear, brushing a lock of hair behind it. Mary released a satisfied growl, more similar to his purring mixed with a sigh, and tighten her arms around his neck.
“Then who are you angry at?” He wouldn’t have let that down, and Tony got it, given the way his forehead furrowed.
“Dad, Pops! Are you coming?” Peter’s voice made them groan and growl in disapproval, but Tony didn’t stop leaving a trail of warm kisses up to his jaw, purring louder to keep the Alpha’s focus all for himself.
“No, I’m not. Patronizing you would be letting you have your way with my hair, which I’m not doing, only to bring back to normality later. Actually, I’ve asked you to stop messing with them since we left home”
Steve indeed put his Omega on a chair, one protective hand swirled over his belly, then shut him up with a long, deep kiss. Steve proved many times that his tongue alone was able to make Tony speechless, in more than one way, and places.
“Don’t put those kinds of ideas in my son’s head,” Tony threatened him, trying to glare, but still looking all soft and cute.
The Omega didn’t really like that ‘you can’t have it’, because if he needed something, he would obtain it, no ifs or buts. He glared at the Alpha with his chin up.
“I don’t,” he clarified, but then he thought about it for a second and winked in interest, adding, “Now that you mention it, though…”
“What if–What if we call Happy, send him to pick up the kid,” the Omega’s eyes were still lost in the arousal daze, he couldn’t take his hands off Steve’s shoulders, biceps and everywhere he could reach, being kept at arm’s length.
“Are you fine, Omega?” He must’ve taken only one step farther, because after a second or even less, he had Steve’s hand on his back again, in a more appropriate spot. It didn’t feel teasing that time, the big palm was warm and supporting; if he had lost his balance, he was sure that hand alone would’ve kept him standing.
Tony was working on a 3D holographic model of an iron man boot and he didn’t turn around to face Steve, he acknowledged his Alpha’s presence only by stiffing for a second.
“’Cause it’s true! I know when you said I love you, in reality you mean the baby. I don’t matter anymore, and you’ll get rid of me eventually,” that only left Steve with the most ridiculously baffled expression, with open wide mouth and eyes.
“It works with Sam ‘n Clint,” he spoke while chewing, and it wasn’t pretty. A memory soothed Steve’s spirit: Bucky used to lose his charm when there were only the two of them.
“Why does Mary get all the compliments?” A low, trembling growl resonated from Steve’s chest as a warning, but it wasn’t threatening. Steve’s rumblings were playful, peaceful, aroused or of warning, when he thought his Omega was exaggerating, but never hostile, not addressed to his family. Peter giggled too and purred a little.
“You can’t stop me,” He growled again. He had no intention to give up. The rational Tony, who knew that he had to resist the urge to drink something bad for his Peanut, was suffering from withdrawal and wasn’t able to think clearly.
“Hey Stevie, Tony. What dat waffle did ya?” Bucky showed up some time later, finding his best friend sipping milk, sat next to his Omega, who was stabbing an innocent waffle.
He thought about Bucky, and remembered that he was safety asleep with Natasha, in their Tower’s floor. They found Buck not long after Washington’s event, and Tony and Bruce worked really hard to remove everything that HYDRA put inside his head to control him. Steve could have never left Bucky in more trusted hands.
“You missed me,” the Omega retorted laughing, a sound that filled Steve’s heart with more love. He should’ve always laughed; it made his eyes wrinkle at the corners, and the cheerful smile took the Alpha’s breath away.
Steve rubbed noses with the sweet Omega in a fond motion, waiting for Tony’s lungs to fill with some air again, and when he rumbled in his ear, he felt his mate melting against his body, purring until the Alpha bent to devour him again.
Steve chuckled, shook his head and pressed his lips on his Omega’s forehead, keeping them there. “Silly Omega, I would propose to you every day”
“I asked him if I could wash him, a proper bath with scented salts and all the products he likes, and he,” Steve rumbled in distress again, filling his cheeks with all the food he could.
He entered the new Avengers compound and slid his shield off his shoulders, setting it aside on the floor. Sometimes also Captain America could be a little messy, by leaving the shield anywhere, or the dirty dishes in the sink, or putting coffee grounds in the disposal. Nothing that Tony didn’t know already.
Loud screaming woke up Tony in the middle of the night, and as soon as he opened his eyes wide, he brought one hand over his heart by instinct. The arc reactor wasn’t there anymore, but he still had a mild heart condition, and being woke up by baby yelling didn’t help his disease.
Among many things, Steve learned a healthy way to express his emotions, starting from actually showing them. He didn’t need to carry all the weight of the world on his shoulders only, he could lean on people. He could share all his burdens with his Omega, and he accepted he was very handful too, but Tony’s clever hands were there for him.
Instead of answering, he circled Tony’s waist with both arms making him bend over, following right after, kissing him
Steve had to restrain himself from smiling: Tony’s pout was one of his most adorable expression and made Steve’s chest warm. Anyway, he knew he knew something really bothered the Omega, the proof was right above both of them, reading
The Omega gasped and struggled for breath, stolen by Steve who licked right over the sensible bonding mark, grabbing possessively his hips and pressing his fingertips right there. Two of the sensations Tony loved the most: feeling the Alpha worship the particular spot on his neck, while leaving light bruises below the waist.
“I had some pleasant days, as a matter of fact. Helped me to relax,” he answered nonchalantly, moving one hand in the air in a frivolous movement.
For a moment, he thought Bucky was smiling at him, a sweet and amused grin, but it went away quickly as he appeared.
“Hi,” he said playfully, when he heard nothing but Steve’s regular breath. “I’ve lost you for a moment”
Tony seemed to forget his anger until one hour later. Steve was cooking, cutting vegetables for the savory pie, his favorite genius was getting ready to go get Peter, who has been at the Leeds’s place since after school, and their little Alpha was making a drawing for aunt Carol and uncle Rhodey, who promised visiting the next day and babysitting both kids. Steve was sure his mate spent fifty minutes in his lab and ten minutes showering and dressing, only because JARVIS remembered him what he had to do, but that was him, getting ready.
“Did Wade say anything else?” Steve asked curious, his tone very calm. Tony knew anyway he was more worried than he was showing. They couldn’t never let their guards down with Logan’s baby.
“You’re both babies, that’s it. Now that the case is closed, let your father be a good husband and kiss me properly,” Tony got up and hugged both Steve and Peter—since he was still attached to the big Alpha—making a comic kissy face.
“You put - You put -” Tony looked down, looking so hurt that Steve almost went down again to get back the mug.
“I know you can, that doesn’t mean I may be snappy and growly around you,” a corner of his mouth quirked up at the end, and Tony was sure he said those words first.
Maybe he shouldn’t have done it barefoot, wearing sweatpants and an old AC/DC long-sleeved shirt, but that was his husband’s fault, who didn’t let him install an Iron Man armor inside their bed!
Steve’s hand pressed on the back of his neck, and Tony found himself unable to look away from his deep blue eyes, suddenly conscious of everything: of every breath, in and out, of every heartbeat pulsing incredibly loud, of the hot burn centered low in his belly and of the inevitable damp sensation between his legs.
Another heavy breath from Tony, one with Steve’s name in it, another lewd rush of slick that teased all the Alpha’s instincts, letting him know the Omega’s body was
That morning, he decided to pick up again the project to find a name for the baby. They knew it was a boy. He could never have waited to know the sex, and even if Steve had been initially quite interested those gender reveal baby shower, Tony already knew the only curiosity that could ever have competed with his own belonged to his mate.
“Did you take off your shirt?” Bucky asked, bringing Steve back to the real world. He stopped with the fork mid-air, his lips already parted to take in the next enormous bite. He probably looked like a fool, mouth open and eyebrows furrowed, but he couldn’t process what he heard.
Tony had closed his eyes hiding again, but he was purring, almost inaudibly though. It’s fine, Steve told himself, he would always hear his Omega.
Wade’s eyes were wide open as he looked up at both of them and nodded, a little pale and intimidate. Good, you should be scared, he thought, fixing his gaze on the kid. Those were his hormones talking, clearly. With those messy, ash blond hair, eyes as clear as the sky and old scratches on both cheeks, Wade was kind of adorable.
Playfulness lit up Tony’s eyes, who smirked consciously, challenging his Alpha. He understood eventually and nodded once before stepping back a couple of paces.
, and Steve had assured he didn’t want it. He could even recall the fucking time when they had that discussion–in which Tony accepted Steve as his Alpha, clarifying he would never give up his independence, just reshaping it a little. And Steve agreed, he didn’t want to take his Omega’s freedom away. He was the opposite of a toxic Alpha and Tony knew it better than anyone else.
“When I asked Peter if he wanted to invite a friend to go to Disney World with us, I didn’t expect him to ask for both Ned and Wade,” his rumble was low and soothing, vibrating through his chest to make his Omega focus on it.
JARVIS turned down the lights as the two parents exited their children’s bedroom, and when Tony didn’t hear Steve’s steps behind him anymore, he turned around to look up at him. The Alpha was resting his hand on the door handle, a lovely smile on his lips.
“That’s right Mary, growling at the person you love is wrong. You’ve to kiss them, and hug them tightly,” a wink in her daughter direction, and they wrapped both arms around Tony as best and tight as they could, his own circled his waist and Mary’s went around his neck and shoulders.
“Mary, don’t take after your Pops. And you, oh you’re so in trouble. Encouraging my daughter to impress an Omega by snarling at them?
“No, I didn’t. Why the he- Why would I say dat?” An angry glare from Steve made him rephrase the question.
He had a point anyway: Steve hadn’t exactly been polite to Tony’s gynecologist at first, or to the nursing staff, even if they had chosen only Betas. He hated leaving his Omega in someone else’s care and he snapped all around without control. The gynecologist had to sit down with Steve and let him know with extreme precision and caution the next steps he would have done with Tony, until the Alpha regained his senses. Then, he gave everyone his golden boy smile, flexed the biceps – he didn’t, but that’s what Tony used to say – and made his excuses with the biggest puppy dog eyes. At that point, it was Tony’s turn to get jealous.
He sighed feeling Steve’s hands placing harmlessly on the small of his back. “Do you want a kiss too, cupcake?” Tony opened an arm toward the little Omega, but he looked down to the floor and didn’t get close.
Peter nodded and curled into his Pops’ big chest, sitting on his laps, just like Tony did more often than not.
His posture wasn’t rigid as it should, and he was all smiles to the kids, and furtive glances to Tony, not posing, not growling low, not threatening the other Alpha to leave quickly, pushing him away, like a fierce animal defending his territory. Why wasn’t him?
“Wade said we are too old to get kisses,” he muttered, so low the parents almost missed the words. They exchanged a confused look and Tony freed himself from Steve’s embrace, to reach his baby.
Tony couldn’t blame her, of course. He felt safe too, wrapped in his Alpha’s arms. They were there for him. Being hold by Steve made him feel like the Omega he was, in a deeper, more intimate way than anything else. It was a bad thing at the beginning, the thought coming from a remote part of his head, and his stomach twisted a little in discomfort.
Steve growled playfully, planting a rather loud kiss on his Omega’s lips and blocking Mary’s legs before she could hurt him.
Revising all the names he and Steve chose during the past months, he asked JARVIS to elaborate the data to examine different names that were still comparable to their favorite ones, and among all the choices he read ‘Godfrey’. That name was immediately wiped out from the hologram slide, but for some reason, it remained stuck in his mind.
Sometimes, he wasn’t able to fall asleep without making sure that the light was the last thing he saw before closing the eyes. Tony mocked him, but he also slept without a top, and on his back, or at least not in any position that could have covered the glow.
, allowed him to hold easily both their 9- and 4-year-old kids and still have agility to move almost effortlessly. Tony could’ve jumped on his back to be also carried, and the Alpha would’ve brought all of them upstairs.
“Tony. My Omega. I’ll go hunting in the wild streets of Manhattan for you, but let me hear what’s annoying your wonderful mind first,” he made Tony’s name sounding severe like the look he gave him, clearly not impressed by his attempt to change topic, to shift the attention away of something important, because he decided it wasn’t significant for Steve.
There was a second of silence, during which two pairs of sharp blue eyes stared into each other, then Steve reached out and Wade took it, sealing the deal. Tony didn’t miss the little shake of Wade’s hand before the holding, but his gaze was certain, understanding.
“Are you joking?” Steve let out another growl, a warning that resounded in the room. Bucky provoked his instincts by joking about his expecting Omega, and about the fight they had, as weird as it could sound. The other Alpha didn’t wince, he shrugged and dunk the spoon in the milk, while pouring more Cap’n Crunch.
Maybe he really hurt Tony, he wasn’t only being over-dramatic or throwing a tantrum for his hormones out of whack. Steve had been patient during the past weeks, always support his Omega during the pregnancy: he prepared in time, he did all the lectures - and made Tony at least listen to him reading them - and asked JARVIS to find useful information on internet. There was too much trash over there.
Bucky was improving day after day, and they were all getting used to his presence in the tower. For Steve, it meant getting re-used to his ways of doing, and trying to keep separate what he remembered about his best friend and the person he became. They were two different people, even if Bucky had full control of his mental faculties again, years and years under HYDRA influence changed him at his very core level.
The Omega opened his mouth to talk back, then he changed his mind and just stared at Steve, with an unpleasant look, and let out a sigh.
Where they always should be, beneath me, he thought, releasing a deep rumble. The Omega’s fast heartbeat was booming into Steve’s ear, such a thrilling sound.
Then, he woke up one day and he discovered he slept for almost 70 years, and everything started again. His nightmares were full of water, strange technologies and aliens. Often they came all together, even if he slept once every four days and not for many hours.
«Yes, thank you. Tomorrow sweetheart, I can hear your gears working already.» Steve giggled a little and Tony rolled his eyes at him.
It wasn’t the first time that Steve or himself woke up scared, and it wouldn’t be the last. They weren’t used to it, but at least they knew what to do and how. Steve needed to feel him, and to listen to his voice.
“Did you really mean what you said before? About, about the suit,” he whispered, and Steve knew his voice was low because he didn’t trust it remaining steady. He was asking about the suit, but that tone said a lot more and the Alpha heard it very loud.
Steve turned around in that moment, with the biggest smile on his face, that it rapidly became a furrowed expression.
Steve held his breath: he wasn’t afraid of his daughter per se, but he really, really didn’t want to sleep alone that night, with the only idea of a squirming, trembling Omega in his arms.
Steve’s smile was big and bright, the kind that only Tony could make him do. He started moving slowly, the weight of his Omega was almost non-existent but in real he didn’t have a place in mind where to go. He just wanted to keep hugging Tony, soothing him with feather-light kisses on his cheek and gentle rumbles.
“Goodnight sweetpea,” Tony purred, pressing a last kiss on a little hand clung to Steve’s white t-shirt.
He sat on the floor leg crossed, despite having the king-size bed in the room, and stroked Peter’s forehead with a fingertip, leaning forward to nuzzle closed the baby’s cheek. He calculated every movement slow, wanting to avoid waking him up ahead of time.
Only a beat later, Tony closed the distance between them, removing his shirt and tossing it on a dresser. His previous panic already forgotten, replaced by the need to quiet his child and support his worried husband before a complete meltdown.
Tony bit his bottom lip, forcing his gaze to stay into Steve’s and not going down on his tasty lips. “Tell me what’s bothering you first,” he requested, and the demand sounded more like a plea. He knew Steve was trying to distract him, but he cared too much to let also the minor doubt bothering him.
“Don’t waste your time here, I did, I did. I slept all night and ate everything you left, and I also watched a documentary about giving births, Jarvis will confirm it. It was disgusting, by the way. The documentary, not the food. Now that I think about it, also the food wasn’t that good. Clint had to remove every little piece of mango from my fruit salad. Why did you put it, were you trying to poison me?” A rush of words hit Steve, leaving him disoriented and confused. Tony was talking and moving agitated, and the growls Steve was hearing weren’t a good sign either.
“You smell incredible,” he stated breathlessly. He was overwhelmed by how good the Omega smelled, and his hands, both on Tony’s back hugging him tight, twitched to grab two handfuls of his swell ass.
He saw Steve raising a questioning eyebrow. He probably had that look on his face more times since Tony became pregnant, than in all his life. The Omega knew his pregnancy wasn’t the quietest of all, exactly the opposite: he was having a lot of pregnancy cravings, and half of the times Steve provided him with the food he desired, he ended up rejecting it because of a bad smell or a sudden change of heart. Then, the hormones,
After Sam finished laughing at him for being both dramatic idiots - Steve didn’t get upset anymore, he was quite used to it and limited to roll his eyes - he tried for real to help a friend in need.
When Steve went in their bedroom the night after, he found a present on his nightstand. It was red, with a flashy gold ribbon on the top. There wasn’t any card, but of course it was from Tony, he was always so subtle.
His brain processed in less than one second that Tony was indeed in their bed, but the room was too dark for him to be fine.
After he was calmer about his best friend, he thought about the love of his life and searched for his personal light. Since he got up and he was sitting on the bed right next to Tony, he turned to see the glowing blue light of the arc reactor. He was used to search it as first thing, because it was the symbol of Tony’s safety and that he was there with him.
“Stop interrupting me,” the Omega’s growl was intimidating enough: he was trying to make a speech, a serious one. And for once, he wasn’t fishing for compliments. The Alpha just settled with a docile rumble which satisfied Tony enough to continue.
will have my own breakfast,” he said suggestively, having no doubts Tony would’ve taken the hint. In fact, his Omega looked very interested, even as he tried to maintain a straight face.
New situations always made Tony restrain himself, at the beginning. The complicate citadel that was his mind has lowered most of the protective walls, not all of them. Steve would always be there to help him do so.
He shook his head once, then looked at Steve again, and then he seemed to find vaguely interesting the puff pastry lying on a kitchen counter behind Steve. The Alpha gave him an encouraging squeeze.
After breakfast, Steve joined Sam in the gym, and actually asked for suggestions. Sam’s moral compass often led him to a solution; he trusted Bucky with all his life, but they still had very different ideas about relationships.
, and that was probably the first time he admitted it to himself. He wouldn’t have said it out loud of course, or he should have stopped whining.
“What?” He sounded hopeless. He needed all the help he could get to make Tony happy again. Tony’s anger was bad for both of them: his Omega was on edge, he was feeling the need to hide from his Alpha, and Steve couldn’t take care of his lovely Omega.
“Steve doesn’t like that kind of talk,” he intruded and cleared his throat, trying to gain some control back. Steve looked at him funny, a bit exasperated, with a glint of a warning in the eyes and both hands on the hips, and Tony gave back the mischievous grin of before.
aroused Omega in his arms. If the Alpha teased the right points, he would create irresistible urges for his mate, and that wasn’t correct.
Tony’s eyes went from the Alpha to his mug and backwards, warily. He had different tactics to win a fight of course and annoying his enemy as much as possible was one of his favorites, together with talking until they felt disoriented. But he also knew better, and Steve Rogers never surrendered so easily, neither in the battleground nor in his everyday life. Especially not with Tony.
“What I’m trying to say is,” he couldn’t restrain himself from laughing genuinely, and Steve pushed back his head to look at him with his brand confused-puppy look.
He walked closer to the couch, stepping out of his shoes along the way, just to be stopped by the finger Tony held up in front of them.
Wade’s here. He stopped the movement of putting his red sunglasses back on. Wade, Peter’s friend Wade, Peter’s Alpha friend Wade, the same Alpha friend who was coming on a weekend trip with them. The Alpha friend. Of his Omega son.
“I do…but I won’t,” he answered, quietly. “Peter will never have to ask permission to live his life. To have friends. I want for him to have the very best that life can bring”
“Ew,” both the kids whined, Mary curved against Steve’s shoulder, with her upper body dangling from his back and her feet almost kicking Tony’s face.
“No Steve, everything’s not okay. And you know it,” He growled, waving both hands in the air. Not a single Alpha in his life had ever stopped him from growling, he wasn’t scared to deal with any kind of person.
Bucky stopped, and a quick glance at his friend was enough to imagine how Steve’s morning went. “I should’ve known better than saying something as controversial as good morning,”
” His words raised above the loud crying; his heart was racing as fast as his steps. He was in Peter’s room in less than two second, already reaching out with one hand to get the first gauntlet of the most reachable suit JARVIS should’ve just sent.
He felt something break inside himself, like when all the TV news reported Tony’s possible death due to the Mandarin’s attack.
“I’m hungry,” Peter announced, just when the Alpha was leaning down to kiss Tony again. He couldn’t resist the Omega when he acted sternly.
“Yeah, we. He already changed our lives and he isn't even born yet. Dat child will have secret agents, spies, a god, super soldiers and men with the greatest minds of the century as family, and still, he’ll hold all of us right there in the palm of his small hand. I already see ya both: the softest dads, head over heels in love with a baby that’ll have Tony’s genius and your ability for gettin’ into trouble.”
“Trust me,” the Omega whispered again, shaking his head with a bit of exasperation, pushing him down. Steve Rogers was the most stubborn Alpha, and that only get worse when he was under his instincts.
“Always, Sir. I will make sure Peter will conclude his homework,” and the A.I. calling the kid by his name always brought back memories to Tony’s mind, that made his throat dry and his heart skip a beat. Jarvis,
