John was not so blinded by rage that he tried to leave. As he had stated, he knew Mycroft’s spooks and Lestrade’s colleagues were lurking, keeping an eye out on him. Eventually, he found his way down to the morgue, the only place he could think that was quiet.
?” Violet crossed her arms, looking like a furious headmistress.
“That would do it then,” Mary nodded in approval. “Alright, go on. I need to get back, in case Mrs. Hudson awakes or something, not to mention taking care of the dogs. But do be careful. I’d hate to explain to Sherlock why you disappeared.”
“Oh,” Violet said. “Who did he expect to see you with?”
. And it doesn’t dredge up too many uncomfortable memories, does it?”
Sherlock arched a bushy eyebrow. “Oh we’re not deviating from our plans, John.” He started walking again, in his long-legged hurried gait he used when he was particularly angry. But at least he had started walking forwards instead of in circles. John found himself jogging a bit to keep up. “This is a most cleverly plotted mystery, intricately detailed and planned with precision. But Rucastle is an idiot. He is pompous and self-congratulatory. He feels the world owes him recognition for his brilliance.”
red hair,” he ran his hand over his own ginger locks. “If I didn’t look stupid bald-headed, I’d shave this off at once. But I’m getting distracted. I told the Earl I didn’t want the American. He told me it would impact Holmes on a more emotional level if she was murdered, so perhaps… I’d prefer you instead? And once he told me who and what you really are, I said
“I see,” Donovan sounded nonplussed, dropping her hands.
Sherlock knew the polite thing to do would be to protest. Instead, with a drowsy smile, he shamelessly watched John pull on his jeans sans pants, then rummage through Sherlock’s chest of drawers for a T-shirt.
Postscript to Include a Recently Discovered Fact: Jennifer told Maggie she had proof Marissa Watson had not died but had been abducted. After paying a visit to the recently departed Nurse Boyle’s flat this morning, there is no sign of this proof anywhere. Either the proof was stolen or it never existed. If it never existed, then someone had panicked and threw this entire plan into motion instead of Doing Their Research.
“Bring him and you back,” Violet whispered. “OK?
John snapped at his best friend in his head. Then both he and Wiggins snapped to attention when they heard shouting. Angry shouting. Rucastle. Yelling his head off at Mrs. Toller because she was supposed to make sure that Toller had gotten that old cow outside by the pool, trussed up and ready to go, “Fifteen minutes ago,” Rucastle shrieked. “Fifteen fucking minutes ago! So now we are completely behind schedule!” Rucastle screamed. “And why is he not in bed?”
“No,” Mary looked pained. “I’m going to the Harry Potter exhibit to get the girls.”
has to pick with you. There’s the money you had stolen from them, not to mention the other people you had killed during your exile in England.”
As Violet displayed her left hand, the diamond sparkling in the afternoon light, Sherlock called to Wiggins, “Never speak of that case again. If not inconvenient, come assist us with the luggage as Mrs. Watson has packed cinderblocks.”
Sherlock popped open an eye. “Why did you burn Agent Mitton?”
Rat Boy drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. “We’re sure there’s only the two guards on the main floor, right?” He tried to sound casual, “Just those two guards?”
Sherlock’s fingers grazed John’s. “It was stupid and maudlin of me to make such physical overtures, not to mention selfish. But I perceived that you have been desperately unhappy, even resorting to taking anti-anxiety drugs since what you really needed to combat your depression was a nice, exciting case full of murder and midnight chases throughout London as the thrill of hunt pumped through your veins.”
I didn't want to wreck it all
“Hang on, I’m her supervisor,” Mason suddenly became very red in the face as Alex took Sherlock’s card. “She should be sending her research to me for review.”
But he closed it again upon observing Sherlock, realizing that his usual haughty façade was absent. Lines creased Sherlock’s normally smooth face. His lips trembled ever so slightly. The usual manic light had left his omniscient eyes, he wasn’t deducing, wasn’t observing… wasn’t
“How like you, Mycroft, to care about things instead of people.”
Molly dropped back down to her knees and resumed putting full pressure on Mary’s wound. Her tears spattered down on Mary’s chest, a chest that barely moved with each strenuous breath Mary took. Her color was horrible now, a ghostly pallor. Even so, she could not let Mary and the new life within her die either. So Molly bowed her head and prayed to a God she was never sure was there for a miracle while keeping pressure on Mary’s wound.
“Shut up,” Sherlock hissed, trying to listen to Dupin over the earpiece. Then he blew out a long breath. “One of his Militia was disguised as a nun. She told them that the cloisters are under renovations.”
But Sherlock shook his head. Then pointed to his Smartphone “I prefer to text,” he forced himself to whisper.
Then he got up, stretched and went to his duffle bag to retrieve the freezer bags and latex gloves he had Violet pack. “Now if you will excuse me, I have evidence to collect. It’s so convenient that all the guest rooms in The Copper Beaches have a mini-refrigerator.”
Her attention to detail had been one of the things that attracted her to him.
She didn’t have to run far to see the platform looming. There were only a few passengers waiting on it, but still… more witnesses. Not good.
After stealing the rookie’s Washington Redskins ball cap, Violet had brazenly walked out of the apartment and into the cab with a confidence she didn’t feel. She calmly told the cabbie to take her to Georgetown University.
That frightened John more than anything else. He finally lowered his gun but did not let it go. He did not sit down either, but rather stood by his armchair. Felt bile rising as he watched the Professor escort Mary to the sofa, even helping her sit down. “Now, I’ll be ‘mother’ but before I pass out the refreshments,” he pulled out his mobile. “You probably want proof to what Mrs. Watson said? That Susan is being watched?”
“It’s over then?” John found himself hesitating when Violet put her arms around his neck and shoulders. After all, she had seen him and Sherlock snogging at Baker Street. He felt a flush creeping up his neck to his cheeks, thinking about Sherlock bursting into his room at Saint Charles and locking the door…
John and Dupin popped their mobiles into the proffered bag but Sherlock shook his head, taking his own mobile out. “I also learned the hard way,” he showed them all the black case protecting his precious iPhone. “After the last time I fell into the Thames, I purchased a waterproof case.” He clipped the mobile to his belt, then with a dramatic swish of his coat, headed back to the bleak train tunnel.
Sherlock opened his eyes, smiling a little at her shocked appearance. “I never considered what it felt like to be in your shoes when I butted into your cases.” He ran his eyes up and down her slender frame, from the top of her curly black hair down to her crimson painted toe nails. “The deck was stacked against you from the beginning, from your skin colour to your gender to your socio-economic status. I never took the time to appreciate the challenges to you had to endure, the racism, the sexism to get out of the East End council-houses and into the Met. Then here I come gate-crashing your cases, the epitome of white-privilege and old family money. The rush of being right outweighed your professional reputation as well as your feelings.”
“Which we shall,” Sherlock assured the woman on the computer screen. “We’ll be in touch. John will email you our schedule of fees and regular status reports. Good day, Mrs. Fowler,” and Sherlock abruptly bounced up from his seat and made his way over to his desk and ancient desktop computer, powering it up.
Answer the question – SH
“That’s in California, you twit.”
And she had no idea how to re-create a moment like
“Wellllll… I may have made a miscalculation.”
“So,” Sherlock spit out, desperate to break the dark, oppressive mood. “Will you turn invisible when you put that ring back on?”
John twisted Sherlock’s scarf again, “And… and she’s… we’re expecting again. I can’t leave.”
“Put your finger on the trigger.”
“Puns aren’t your forte, Jim.”
“Yes, get your little pets under control, especially the want-to-be
“Oh my God,” John cried out. “You think that Peters had Sally buried
“Carruthers…” Rucastle mused. “You know, I think I heard about this on the news. Your old boss was actually murdered, wasn’t he?”
“You are, however, an absolute
“Based on his knowledge of her past, he had requested Mrs. Watson to perform a task she found odious in nature, so she declined. When she refused, he raped her.”
“Mm, I wouldn’t go as far as to call him clever. But the man does possess a rat-like cunning.” Tossing the necklace up and down in his right hand, he surveyed the room, looking up and looking around. “But where would he hide…” he pursed his lips together as his left hand rested on his hip. “A door… a safe…” he whirled around, a motion made far less dramatic as the Belstaff was absent. Sherlock looked up again, and then he looked down at the floor. Then he inhaled sharply.”Ahhhh….”
Now the one blasted time he actually needed John to be here, at Sherlock’s side, he vanished.
“Move! Get out of the way!” Violet didn’t bother to be polite, but she didn’t push anyone into the street. Most people, spying her gun, were more than happy to get out of her way. Other people, having seen Jim’s face had already bolted. The 999 switchboards were lighting up like Christmas trees. The entire street descended into pandemonium.
And he hadn’t drank very much tonight.
“You dumbass,” Violet shook her head, thinking,
“Sherlock, we don’t have to do this,” Violet clutched the two Mag-lite torches she had grabbed before following Sherlock to the garage. It had been dubious if his father’s Ford Fiesta could make the drive on the slick roads, but Sherlock had driven slowly and steadily. “Let’s go back before we get stuck here. We’ll come back another day.” Her breath was frozen puffs of air.
Her arm fell, the hairbrush hanging limply in her right hand. She lifted her eyes back up to the cracked mirror and saw his reflection in the mirror.
“I don’t think we have to spell out what Magnussen did next,” Sherlock intoned before Violet opened her mouth.
. “This will all be over soon and then we’ll be on our way.”
,” she teased him as she did whenever she felt he was getting too overprotective. “My appetite’s off and I’m tired all the time but…” she shrugged. “No use getting worried until I get checked out, right?”
She was, after all, in the one of the most dangerous neighborhoods in Chicago.
“No, just tea,” Sherlock rotated his head, stretching his neck as he absently rubbed his wrist.
“It wasn’t Seb, not really,” he whispered. “Not directly.”
“I could take it.”
Saw a familiar homicidal glint in those sapphire eyes.
His sons thought he was boring. She thought he was lovely and delightful.
Sherlock felt the phantom-pain of a bullet rip through him again.
Violet stopped wrapping up his hand. She lifted her head to find him studying her intently again. But his face wasn’t molded into its usual implacable mask. He looked sad. He looked human.
“Yeah… and how many slang words do Brits have for penis?” Violet deadpanned.
“The theft was a fact. Carson and his team were selling state secrets to the enemy. Secrets that got American soldiers killed!”
“Some sort of destructive cult?” Sherlock furrowed his brows then shook his head. “You’re going down the same erroneous road as DI Mason and the rest of the incompetent fools at The Met. Minus Sergeant MacDonald of course, she is a bit less stupid than the rest.”
“Paramedics!” announced the vicar, his funeral vestments flapping around him as he ran ahead of the paramedics. Then he moved aside out of their way, still goggling at the Gothic melodrama unfolding in his humble little chapel.
“Sherlock?”
“Is he OK, Sherlock?” John burst out, not able to help himself. “Did they hurt him, did they?”
8 August 2015
“Where is the dog?” he muttered.
That smile was burned into his memory for infinity.
John jerked his gun back up, pointing it right at Professor Moriarty’s face as he guided Mary into the lounge, towards the sofa.
“Find a wheelchair,” Sherlock hissed at Chibs. “Not a stretcher; that might trigger him. Then get him the hell out of here.”
“What kind of information?”
Rucastle had also avoided showing them the master bedroom.
She hid her surprise. “He is a wealth of information,” she said dryly.
perfume hit her like a slap when Mrs. Toller had found them. “There better be a good reason for this, Miss Smith,” she had sniped. “Why are you even here?”
Chapter Five: The Tell-tale Heart
12 August 2015
“That’s dreadful,” Sherlock whispered back. “Try faking a stomachache that day.”
However, misery loves company so he knew he wasn’t alone.
Sherlock wildly thought, not completely mastering his emotion quite yet.
an imbecile,” John finished.
Then Wiggins had rebound John’s sprained ankle, then slathered his hands with the sanitizer gel before changing the bandages covering the dog bites. “Bloody hell, man,” Wiggins had breathed when he removed the old bandage on John’s arm.
thing
“But,” Violet smoothed the sleeve of his rumpled dressing gown. “We are going to catch Moriarty, whoever he is, whether or not someone assumed his name when he took over the RHL or if somehow ‘Richard Brook’ survived a self-inflicted gunshot to the head, we’re going to catch him. He’ll go to prison or get killed but we’ll get him and then we’ll be rid of him,” Violet proclaimed with a certainty she did not feel.
Violet let go of Sherlock and buried her face in her hands.
Plus, she didn’t want Mary to start prying into
“Of course. Violet?”
“I won’t ask either. It’s none of my business. You and I… you’re my best friend. You’re single-handedly the most important person in the world to me. You’re the best and wisest man I’ve ever known and I love you with all my heart… but, we’re not a couple. Not yet. Not until I can slough Mary off of me for good. It’s not fair for me to expect you to be faithful to someone who was an idiot and married someone else.”
“Spot of tea wouldn’t hurt.”
, he impotently fumed.
Soon there were more voices surrounding her. Now she could clearly distinguish the voices.
After Violet’s flat had exploded (courtesy of the
“He’s my friend, nothing more,” Sherlock somberly informed her, as he turned his back, acting like he was taking off his coat, but actually, he was hiding the spasm of pain contorting his face. He faced Mary once he got himself under control. “Our relationship is strictly platonic. I have no intention of enticing John to return to Baker Street.”
Mycroft looked completely unperturbed. “Vivian is seven years old now I believe. She likes horses and reading.” Mycroft found her pressure point and pushed. Pushed
“By the way, love the Bride-of-Frankenstein hair, it’s a really good look for you,” John teased Violet as he turned to leave. He ducked as Violet chucked a pillow at him.
Isolated Pawn
1:15 AM
Violet finally stopped retching. Her head was bowed and she still clutched the toilet bowl for support. She took deep breaths but still trembled.
“In a manner of speaking,” Sherlock sidestepped her question. “Hurry,” he looked at his watch again and frowned as he pushed her into the blackened room, slipping his mobile into her hands so she could use that as a torch.
“Just wanted to let you know, I’m sorry what happened to your mate,” Jack hated how formal he sounded. He tried again. “Awful thing to have happened, it wasn’t right.”
“Don’t care,” Sherlock added blithely.
“Yeah,” John turned his head again to look out the window. “It is rather fresh and beautiful out here, isn’t it?”
He usually didn’t drive in London because he had the worst case of road rage imaginable. The stupidity of motorists and pedestrians on the roads would inevitably wind him up into such a frenzy he would be intolerable to be around for days.
“When we were small, Mother would plan these elaborate treasure hunts for our birthdays,” Sherlock tented his hands, remembering. “We would have to figure out the clues that would lead us to our birthday present. You see, my dear Violet, she meant for me to find this.”
During the dramatic stand-off, Lisbeth had skulked unnoticed around the table. Her tiny body had been completely blocked by Vibart’s frame.
221B Baker Street
tired all at the same time. My mind wouldn’t shut down so I took another half. When nothing happened, I took another half a tablet. That’s when the drug rebounded on me, instead of feeling sleepy, I started feeling really agitated, almost paranoid. Like there was someone outside watching, but that was stupid, of course someone was outside watching, it was Mycroft’s people.” John rolled his eyes at his own stupidity. “But I was pacing around my house, like a caged tiger, I just couldn’t settle down. So I decided to have a drink after all. There was an open bottle of wine in the fridge so I had that instead of the scotch I bought. The problem is…” John’s fair silvery brows scrunched together as he struggled to recall. “The problem is I think I might have taken another half a tablet, but I can’t remember for certain.” He shook his head. “That’s when things started going tits up, whenever it was I took another half, I had forgotten I had already had one-and-a-half tablets already and those tranquilizers are
“Of course it’s OK!” Mary gave her a warm smile. “Just, let me grab my coat before you leave with the pram.”
Sherlock had also noticed John barely said three words to him that day. He had also been extremely quiet all day yesterday as well.
was the one who turned traitor. I am telling you without a shred of doubt and without an ounce of proof, this is a lie.”
“Sherlock,” John clutched Violet’s iPad, telling himself he could not bash Sherlock’s head in with it. If it had been his iPad, he might have considered it. But since the tablet belonged to Violet, he restrained himself. “Have you ruled out the possibility that Moriarty could come here? Be on his way right now?”
Suddenly her arm became too heavy to lift. Someone had replaced all her bones and muscles with concrete. It took all of her strength and concentration to perform the simple action of breathing. Blood continued spilling out from the stab wound, soaking her jumper, her scarf, creating a puddle on the floor.
She felt tears prick her eyes as a curvy, older woman about Mrs. Hudson’s age modeled some horribly tacky diamante jewelry on QVC.
“Twenty-two,” Sherlock said as a muscle twitched in his cheek. “She wasn’t homeless, not any more. After she fled from her stepfather’s untoward advances, the Network sheltered her. They gave her the leg-up she needed and she made something of herself. She’d just finished her degree in social work. She only moonlighted with the Network nowadays. Mostly she acted like a den mother. Got her degree in social work, you see. Made sure the younger members had a safe place to go until they could fend for themselves.”
“Liar.”
me on the rooftop that fateful day. This one,” he jostled Violet’s wrist again. “Still hasn’t figured it out either. But you have,” he smiled at Sherlock as if they were best friends. “Sherlock, Sherlock, don’t let me down. I know you’ve finally solved that particular mystery.”
Meteorologically, I suspect that tomorrow will
6:51 PM
“My daughter was kidnapped, stolen from this very hospital,” Mary took another step towards Maggie. “What makes you think your silence can
7:10 PM
Mary barked a soft, bitter laugh, “Thank you for setting me upon the correct course.”
Sherlock had flared up, “No doubt you think you are complimenting me in comparing me to Dupin. Now in my opinion, Dupin is quite inferior indeed. That trick of his, breaking in on his friends' thoughts with an apropos remark after a quarter of an hour's silence is really very showy and superficial.  He had some analytical genius, no doubt; but he was by no means such a phenomenon as you appeared to imagine*.”
“We could take the mask away from you, dipshit,” Green stood tall and squared his shoulders.
she moaned to herself.
Sherlock watched Mary sleep for bit while he pressed his fingers tightly against his lips. Then he dug into his coat pocket for his mobile, wincing as his cut knuckles grazed the fabric. He thumbed a text to Mycroft:
“Yes,” Sherlock said tensely.
Mary had just taken a fresh loaf out of the bread-maker when John and Sweetie entered. “Hi, love,” she beamed at him. “Could you set the table?”
“Speaking of escaping,” Violet let Sherlock lead her away from the chaos. “The girl? And Wiggins and Mrs. Hudson?”
Violet placed her trembling hand in the crook of his elbow. As they walked off the Wobbly Bridge, she said, “We’re on the same side, you know.”
Mary was Molly’s personal attendant. Lily’s mother was her matron-of-honor. Lestrade’s brother was his best man and that was it for the wedding party. Molly and Greg’s wedding was not as grand as Mary and John’s. Both decided not only did they need to save for the coming baby but also to purchase a larger flat or even a proper house when they outgrew Lestrade’s former bachelor pad… which looked less and less like a bachelor pad these days.
“Oh dear,” Mrs. Hudson looked at the Alsatian snoozing on her sofa with new respect.
“Oh ignore him,” Sherlock rested his chin against the violin. “Granted, the translation is incorrect. But Big Brother is just bitter because it was an American agent who had discovered the existence of the Cult of the Consulting Criminal and not a Briton.” He then started playing
Living with SH
“Now, the boring questions,” Rucastle sighed, sinking back into his seat. “When can you start and how much do you expect for a salary?”
and Henry deserves to know you. Not
Mary let herself in and walked up the narrow staircase with trepidation. The walls had been recently whitewashed, but Mary could still see the faint outlines of gang symbols.
, she had continued to push on ruthlessly. Back then, she had still been unsure if he was her friend or her undoing.
won’t stop until everything you love is ashes and they’ll set the world on fire to accomplish that if they have to,” she inhaled deeply. “Go home Sherlock,” she ended her speech with a whispered. “Go home to London and your cases and John,” she ran her thumbs over the thin skin of his hand. Then she lifted his hands to her lips and kissed his knuckles. As she lowered his hands, she added, “And to your son.”
“Perfect.”
Once in the bedroom, he stripped off her soiled jeans, jumper and socks clinically, as if he were a doctor removing clothes from a patient. But when her eyes fluttered open slightly, he softly told her to go back to sleep as he spread his duvet over her. Then he pulled on a suit jacket and a pair of shoes so he could take Gladstone out for a brief walk after he had relieved himself. His bladder felt near to bursting and he knew the dog had to be suffering a similar condition.
Then he softly exclaimed, “Aha,” when he saw an ad that read:
“What if I need a pee?”
Violet had been in Piccadilly the Day Moriarty Asked the World: “Did you miss me?”
“To frame John,” Sherlock said calmly again.
Violet Hunter never liked tea in the first place. But she when she’d “gone native” to stay alive, she learned to hide her distaste for the stuff. After Rucastle and the Tollers (unsuccessfully) tried to poison Violet Smith by putting arsenic in her tea, she used that as her excuse not to drink tea again. Ever. The emotional trauma and all that…
“Banana walnut is my favorite,” John groaned as her fingernails lightly scraped the outside of his thighs while she nuzzled his neck, planting kisses.
“Check her laptop or tablet,” Violet sat up in her bed, wishing to God she could be there, to be a part of the
Mary hugged herself, betraying how utterly terrified she was. She remembered Holy Peters all too well. He had been one of the few people she actually had been afraid of when she a gun-for-hire. “Do we have proof of life for Violet?”
“Steady, John,” Sherlock said as he started walking towards the carnage. “Steady.”
sent the letter, not what the letter
Read her brief text again.
Mitton sighed as he got out of the car. He opened the door to the back seat. “Get in, hurry,” he whispered to them as the driver rushed out to pick up the bags John had dropped. “It’s not safe out here. We have to move, now.”
“Oh,” Susan swallowed. “Well, then she… she can get a transplant, right? She can have one of my kidneys. Mine work just fine, and you only need one, right?”
“Yeah, back pocket and I wasn’t
“It means 95 percent positive,” she spit out at last, her dark eyes narrowing.
But Mary’s mind had skipped over outrage, “Why are you telling us this?”
When Sherlock sheepishly nodded again, Victor grinned “You’re always surprising me, Sherlock. Just when I think I’ve got you figured out…”
They didn’t, of course, except for a group of carolers on one street corner. The carolers were dressed in Ye Old English costumes, apparently to invoke the spirit of Charles Dickens’
“Yes, they would, wouldn’t they? And they weren’t tremors. They were clonic spasms.”
“You’re the most observant man in the entire goddamn world,” her voice was almost a growl. “You tell me.”
“Yeah?” John didn’t bother getting off his bed when he heard the knock on his bedroom door. He didn’t bother looking up from the football mag he was reading either. “It’s open.”
“Ah, thank God,” Dupin beckoned to them. “Hurry, all the tourists are gone and the monks have been evacuated as well.”
in the heat of the moment or I dunno,
Mary’s stomach plummeted. She knew what kind of “entertainment” these men had in mind for her. So she felt no guilt when she whirled around and slashed the blade across Gang He’s throat. As he gagged on his own blood, Mary reached inside his suit jacket, pulled out the pretty silver pistol Rucastle had given him a few moments ago. Her creamy exposed skin and snowy white dress now were spattered with scarlet flecks.
John swallowed a sigh. “It’s true. Mary and I are going through a difficult time.”
) Violet and her Alsatian (a former police dog called
Blissfully unaware of what was happening across the pond, how his best hope to clear Violet’s name was about to be gunned down in Washington DC, Sherlock laughed silently as he cupped Violet’s face with both his hands. He closed the space between them and tilted her head up for a kiss just as Violet rose on her toes to meet him. He threaded his fingers through her fiery hair, still damp from her shower earlier. Meanwhile, she started blindly  unbuttoning his shirt, keeping her eyes closed and lips parted.
Mycroft suddenly looked very weary. Despite being only thirty-one, Mycroft looked like a tired old man. The beginnings of a receding hairline and the barest beginnings of crow’s feet around his eyes didn’t help much either.
He closed his eyes, feeling very spread thin indeed.
Mary’s description hadn’t done it justice. The “cluster of cottages” consisted of only twenty little brick houses, a quarter of  which stood empty. Violet spotted at least eight “For Sale” signs in the front gardens of both occupied and empty houses.
And she knew Mycroft had done nothing to stop what the Earl was doing, even told Sherlock to keep the abuse a secret. That part she hadn’t sorted out yet, why Mycroft had allowed such atrocities to happen to his little brother. In the meantime, she and Sherlock had come to an agreement: if it didn’t affect her safety, she didn’t need to know about his personal life.
“I’m supposed to take him for a walk around the block,” Violet had said through clenched teeth, “As if he’s a
“Oh, well,” John blustered, “I…” he shrugged helpless while shooting Sherlock a
“Brother mine,” he breathed into Sherlock’s ear while Victor spoke to Mrs. Holmes, charming the socks off of her. “A word? In private? When convenient?”
Victor took a deep, steadying breath. He held up his hand and said “What I was told… what I was told, was they would only get rid of your girlfriend. They told me she wasn’t what she seemed anyway. That she was actually a criminal who was using you to save her own skin. That it would be doing you a favor to get her out of the way. I didn’t know about the rest of it. About Mrs. Watson, your pregnant friend and most definitely not your mum or John.”
Obvious. It’s July. Everyone is out to escape the heat. Either on an extended holiday or at the nearest lido.
She had screamed, she had kicked and she had thrashed around. She tried to work the zip-ties free but she had so little room to work with. She started counting backwards from one hundred In an attempt to calm down.
“I can’t take that risk, not with the lives of my sister-in-law and niece on the line.”
“Does…does it bother you?”
“Yeah… I guess,” John sounded sheepish. “But that jibe Mycroft made at her expense? That crack about ‘planning a wedding’? What was he playing at?”
He remembered her looking at his bookshelf after his terrace house had been burgled…
John's big "worth a wound" revelation is from "The Adventure of the Three Garridebs." Sherlock and Violet's aliases "Neil Gibson" and "Grace Dunbar" comes from a very underrated ACD short story "The Problem of Thor Bridge." While excellent in it's own right, it sadly has nothing to do with Thor Odinson.
.” She gave Natalie a bitchy little smile while Mary sniggered, Lily looked confused, the other aunt looked scandalized and Molly blushed, her hand unconsciously running over her belly.
Mrs. Holmes opened her mouth to protest, but felt tears stinging instead.
How the hell was she
Happy New Year everyone!
“What?”
But he just smiled politely, “Miss Smith, let me reassure you that you are perfectly safe here.” He set his bag on the bed and opened the clasp. “As a show of goodwill,” he pulled out her Smartphone and held it out to her. “Your handbag and your other things are in the lounge, although I doubt your coat and scarf are salvageable.”
“Well, drop an old man a line now and again. Would like to hear from you time to time.”
John took Mary’s hand, more to restrain himself as Bodley flipped through several pages of paper. “Ah, yes, this way,” he said, leading them again as if he really did know where he was going and what he was doing.
“Maybe later,” Sherlock closed his eyes, enjoying the sensation of Victor’s fingernails roaming up and down his back.
Violet did not realize a baby could be
“Mm, headache, just waiting,” he picked up a small white bottle next to him. “For the ibuprofen to kick in,” he shook it, the remaining pills inside rattling. “Nothing to be concerned about.”
The guillotine was, of course, as always, Mycroft.
William solemnly studied his mother in that disconcerting, intense way of his. Eventually he nodded his assent, apparently done speaking. He let his father help him to his feet but scurried away as fast as he could. As he darted past his mother, Lettie asked, her voice shaking, “Will? Could I have a kiss goodnight?”
“What?” Violet very carefully turned her head towards Sherlock.
When she practiced yoga in the privacy of her shitty studio sublease, she discovered she had to focus and struggle to make her left pointer finger and thumb meet so she could make the simple
“Y and Z on Double Letter Score, and also on three Triple Word Score square, so 1,296 points I believe. Oh… and bonus 50 points for using all seven tiles in one turn… so that brings the total up to 1682 points, yes?”
“Little,” William whispered. “Like me.”
“A twin?” John giggled, an actual giggle. He sounded sweet and boyish, but only for a moment. “That’s rich. No, that’s really good. That’ll be one for the blog for sure.” Then as he looked up at Sherlock, a mean little smile crossed his face. “Maybe you had a twin too. Maybe you’re not the real Sherlock Holmes after all.”
5 August 2015
The Mousy Woman regarded Jim for a moment. Then, just as quickly as Jim had tased Violet, she trained her gun on his forehead and pulled the trigger.
“I won’t leave her until you’re
… but even after all this time, 221B still felt like home.
“Dunno, she’s at Bart’s now. Lestrade told me to fetch you. We need to go, now.”
The irony was the high number of churches populating the tiny neighborhood.
This was true. When it came to
“He threatened the life of Mary Watson, John’s wife, who was pregnant at the time.”
Sherlock obeyed, with a black look clouding his face.
“And they were OK with that?”
who she says she is and she’s not dead. I also think Holmes had something to do with Magnussen’s death. He had motive and he
Two days later, she was on her way out of DC with another college student driving. This one was a smiley idealistic college girl with long blonde hair like a hippie from the Sixties. She wore awful, oversized glasses from the Eighties, a flannel shirt that invoked Nineties grunge and the terrible skinny-jeans that were popular now. She needed someone to help split the cost of the moving van, gas and hotel rooms as she moved back to her parents’ house in Vegas.
There had been something odd about Miss Smith as well, besides the fact that she seemed to willingly date The Freak.
“That’s exactly why I wouldn’t help you,” John snapped. “You know she’s not a criminal. You were supposed to clear her name so she could go home and resume her life in America. But thanks, by the way.”
Sherlock withdrew and with a flap of his coat, stalked down the dripping alleyway, as if he and John just hadn’t shared an incredibly intimate moment, physically and emotionally. “Now, let’s get the matter of the severed ears sorted out at the Met. As I said before, it’s a Four and that’s stretching it, but once body parts start falling, the Met loses its metaphorical head. At any rate, this case will at least provide a solid entry in your blog. I’m sure your fans are tired of reading about what life is like living without a spleen. Don’t forget to get prescriptions your refilled and your immunizations up to date as you will be traveling abroad. I assume you need to take a low-dose antibiotic for the rest of your life?”
John and Sherlock flanked Dupin. John could now clearly see the name inscribed in the stone: Marie Arnaudine Rogêt. There were some other words, but they were all in French. The date of birth and date of death were covered up by a rather fat stray cat, sunning himself, purring.
Mycroft glowered at him. “Sherlock, this is a matter of national se-”
That one little syllable chilled Violet to the core, but she didn’t let it deter her. She let her hot, fiery hatred fuel her resolve. “Can you talk?”
“You’re a monster,” Toller said blankly, “An utter monster.”
Remember, I'm a needy writer who needs comments to feed my ego.... OK, not really, but I do enjoy reading and replying to comments so please don't be shy!
“Are you hurt?” he tilted Violet’s chin up, peering into her eyes.
she had fallen behind on the payments. Clara had no idea.”
John replayed the scene again. This time he saw her fingers wrap around the glass and the glass slipping from her hand as if…
“They’re here,” the handsome dark-skinned man said simply.
“Call me if you need anything,” Molly said. “I promise I won’t bore you with honeymoon or baby talk anymore.”
“Enough,” Papa Bella said firmly but softly. Unlike his children, his accent was nearly non-existent. A few trills and a sibilant hiss was all that was left of his Italian accent after almost sixty-five years in the United States. “Help your sister, then both of you meet me in my office.”
Adrenaline flooded her body. Her dress rustled slightly as she slowly made her way down the hall. She didn’t like it that she didn’t know where Rucastle or Mrs. Toller were.
Violet, in the meantime, just gripped the armrests and swiveled her head. She kept her eyes trained on Mycroft. “What is it?” she demanded, her voice a dark and growling thing.
The Copper Beaches was indeed a handsome, impressive piece of real estate. As well as six bedrooms, it boasted of a spacious lounge, an elegant dining room and a gourmet kitchen that would have made Gordon Ramsey and Anthony Bourdain drool in envy. Detached from the house was a four car garage, constructed with the same sandstone bricks as the main house.
Besides, she knew the things that had been in Sherlock’s bathtub. The koi fish from last summer still rankled. Plus John had said he came home one day and found pig intestines in the tub. “Or at least I think they were pig intestines,” John had shuddered at the memory.
Such a lovely, little word.
“Yes.”
John knew he was a Man of God and all, but it made him want to punch him in the throat.
“Goddammit,” Violet stepped on the gas when Mycroft’s headlights came closer.
“Fine,” the boy huffed, crossing his arms, nearly squashing the puppy. The pug yipped and struggled to get out of Edward’s arms.
He finally understood why Mary never wanted to talk about the beautiful and intricate tattoo of a delicate butterfly with sapphire and periwinkle wings inked on her lower back.
As if he hadn’t been afraid before, the panic finally reached its crescendo as John’s imagination spiraled out of control. Recollections of horrors he had witnessed in Afghanistan bled into memories of The Fall and the aftermath of Sherlock being shot, producing fantastical horrors of his own imaginings of what could be happening to Sherlock
John’s mouth opened in astonishment. “Violet, I ca-”
Sherlock shrugged. “Irrelevant.”
“Yeah, you. I really think you and Sherlock have a chance, a real chance to be something more than a fake couple. More than just
“I know,” Sherlock breathed, his impervious mask cracking just a little.
“How I dress?” John let his arm fall as he turned his head towards Sherlock.
“I have a feeling Sherlock has another use for you,” he had muttered and Mary had shut up.
Sherlock scowled but then promptly forgot about his nicotine craving. “We must divert the trouble from Paris to somewhere else. Moriarty must not have an audience.”
“Wrong. He has average intelligence, but his narcissism clouds his judgment. When I had that tedious dinner with him last night, I could tell he desperately wanted to brag about
“That’s a redundancy. The M stands for machine.”
Sherlock watched something hard and dark dissolve in her hazel eyes to be replaced with a softness and light he had never witnessed before.
bombing had been reinsured by GBF… Donovan had tried to read up on what that meant, but gave up after an hour and a pounding headache.
She draped an arm over his chest. “When my name is finally cleared and I can finally be me again, I… I want to go back to the States.”
Violet idly stroked Gladstone’s head. Once he realized there was no real threat, the Alsatian had rested his head in Violet’s lap. She had absolutely no words at the moment.
“Good boy,” she told him.
While he was still in hospital Sherlock faithfully visited John in person thrice a week; more if he could when time allowed. But The Work never stopped plus John suspected strongly that when Sherlock wasn’t working cases for Lestrade, he was looking for Violet. When John came home, Sherlock pared his visits down to twice a week and John wished he hadn’t. Truth be told, when Sherlock came to visit, it gave Mary something to do other than to fuss over him. Still, no matter what else he had going on in his life, like clockwork, on Sundays and Wednesdays, Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson arrived at six on the dot for dinner. Mary always made too much food and sent leftovers home with the both of them. John sadly suspected most of Mary’s culinary efforts ended up in the bin once Sherlock got home. But the regular meals did add some much needed pounds to Sherlock’s rail-thin frame.
you were back in rehab again. He made a point to tell me after delivering a dire warning how I’m supposed to stay away from you once you’re out blah blah, you know, the usual.”
“Was it Jimsie that… asked Susan to leave?”
. You’ve already shown me that you do, with your noble,” he crinkled his perfect nose, “
“Hmmm.”
“No, it wouldn’t, seeing you’re not going to around long enough to drink it.” Janine dug in her handbag for her keys.
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Sign of Four. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co
John ran his hand down his face as his stomach growled.
He wasn’t only looking for Violet either.
And, he had bought her a piano.
24 December 2015
) escorted them to their seats, Grace prattled on excitedly about her purchases and how “amazing” everything in Paris was and how she was having so much fun.
John felt his heart stop. Felt his lungs stop. Felt his breath stop…
“Change of plans,” Jim peered out the back window, looking for Violet Hunter. “Somebody showed up who wasn’t supposed to be there. But,” a calculating smile quirked up his lips, “I do think we can use this to our advantage.”
… he feared
“It’s like what you see on TV or the movies…”
“Did they ever find the owner of the second ear?” Mary finally asked.
John sighed and leaned back in his chair as Mary refilled his coffee mug. Even though today was a bank holiday, both John and Mary had risen early. John out of his old military habit of course. Mary because she a list as long as her arm of chores and errands she needed to accomplish. Her housekeeping had gotten neglected due to the events of the last month.
The roly-poly one-year old held onto the padded railing with her chubby hands and giggled. She had blonde wisps of hair and enormous cornflower blue eyes. She could stand, but not unassisted. She was eager to take her first steps soon though. She bounced enthusiastically and giggled again when Anthea’s CIA contact swept her up into her arms. The agent couldn’t help but smile as she held the girl up high, making zooming noises as she did so to make her laugh. As the blonde child giggled again, the agent held her close.
“Oh, yeah, like a horse. Her dress showed a lot of skin, guess I should have noticed she was pretty much all muscle, but…” she trailed off, thinking about that sparkling diamond ring. “I was distracted, I guess.”
?” Violet squawked. Then, painstakingly slowly, she typed out an email on the prepaid, cursing her sprained fingers as she did so:
How could she have been so
“Perhaps you could solve that little mystery for me?”
She mentally apologized to John and decided that karma was a bitch.
“Probably not the best idea for you to have brought your man along,” Toller droned .
Lestrade’s stomach started doing flip-flops as they neared the lift. He cudgeled his brain, desperate to know the right thing to say to someone who has lost a child… not even a child, not really. The promise of a child and all that could have been.
“We’re not going to do that,” Mary pressed herself into John. Together, they presented a united front. “We’re not going to help you.”
And Jim Moriarty was who Sherlock was supposed to be hunting, not wasting his precious time at wedding dances or mooning over his flat-mate.
“I’m not the MI-6 mole!” Anthea burst out in a panic.
Violet’s hands didn’t twitch from malnourishment. That was her “tell.” They always shook when she was frightened or enraged. The tremors were normally slight, unnoticeable to the average eye, to the unobservant. But lately, they’d been worse.
Like, where did Miss Adler scamper off to, for starters?
“I’m going to murder you in your sleep and make it look like an accident yet, I swear to Christ,” John whirled around, resuming his stomp back into the bathroom.
“If you say so,” Sherlock smiled.
“Oh,” John felt incredibly stupid, “Right.”
She blew the dust off the top and leaned against John’s bed as she sprung the latch.
quiet?” She pressed her hand against her belly, feeling the baby kick again.
Even still, he murmured “Hello John,” without looking up as John hovered over him.
darling
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Did You Miss Me?
She had pointed a gun at Sherlock. Pulled the trigger. Point-blank range.
“Good,” John snapped, snatching up the cutlery and stomping off into the kitchen.
As if the dead cared.
Just as he wiped his sweating face with his hand, the door swung open. Sherlock looked up, recognized the sergeant. He struggled for his name (
“Oh, I can drive, the doctor said I could.”
“Right,” Mycroft’s voice was clipped. “We’ll hurry.”
5:45 PM
“And… I thought Mary would be a better companion for you than me,” Sherlock finished softly, then chuckled, “Before I realized she was an assassin, of course. Even after we learned the truth, I thought she’d still be better… I mean,” he tilted his head towards John and gave him a sly smile, “She does cook for you.”
“John,” Sherlock shifted so John had to move. He took John’s face in his hands, even though it was still not light enough to see the blue of John’s eyes. “I
so don’t get drunk and carried away like you did  with the Toni Pandy girl. Christ what a mess that was.”
“Until she died.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. While making them all wear the deerstalker. There is no point being so hateful when your brother is trying to
Just then, Sherlock’s mobile pinged. His brows lifted high. “Lady Hilda made the requested call. The trap has been baited and set.”
“Immensely.”
Henri Fourange
Everyone offered save Sherlock. But he had sent a text before John walked in the building:
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock said coldly. “The point is even though only you, John and Lestrade know the full details about my unique relationship with Molly, the world knows she is a trusted confidante of mine. Just as Moriarty and his network abducted Marissa Watson, they will surely come after Molly’s child, regardless of who the father is, just to hurt her and me. But because he is my child, I am not going to sit on my backside and wait for those predators to take him, be it the
“John, for once, I have been very honest with you. More honest with you than I am with most people, especially with my interfering adrenaline-addicted brother so listen closely,” Mycroft put the tea cup down again and leaned forward. “Moriarty is very alive and even more dangerous than you can possibly imagine. My brother cannot afford any distractions. Distractions like Victor Trevor. Or your charming wife.”
“Missed picking on me, you mean.”
To Violet’s astonishment, Lettie’s face twisted in distaste. “Oh sweet Fanny May, are they really? I just really didn’t like her at all. She was pleasant enough but so secretive. Shady. Hmm, well, none of my business, I suppose, even though if she thinks she can hide the fact that she shot my son from me, she’s got another think coming. I plan on giving her a piece of my mind the next time I clap eyes on her. But at any rate, I’m off to Bedfordshire. Good-night and Happy Christmas,” she pecked Violet on the cheek and trundled out of the lounge.
Her mobile vibrated:
Peters knew this job was punishment.
“It’s not just cases,” two red splotches appeared on Mary’s cheeks now. She was properly angry now. “You do his bidding no matter what. You didn’t have to go with him to Appledore!”
“He died by his own hand. The autopsy proved that without a doubt… the autopsy that was recently leaked to the press,” Sherlock’s eyes twinkled now. “Someone was not pleased that the Senator’s death was being passed off as murder.”
When they had lived together, John naturally had been the one in charge of the housekeeping… and the dishes… and the dusting… and the laundry… and taking out the rubbish… and doing the shopping.  John wasn’t even sure if Sherlock really knew how to use a broom. He dropped his shoes and socks into a pile next to the door. As he peeled sodden black jacket off, John took a good look around the lounge. He heaved a sigh when he counted all the towers of books and sheaves of paper stacked on almost every imaginable surface. But he was oddly relieved when he saw that wall behind the sofa and noted that the hideous Victorian wallpaper with the bullet-holes and yellow spray-painted smiley face was actually visible for once. However, his eyes widened at the sight of an antique Okinawan sai impaling the loathed deerstalker to the fireplace mantle, next to the skull.
“You weren’t always. You’ve been listening to Mycroft too much. He got into your head at last. Made you cut out your heart. Probably forced you to eat it too, while it was still beating…”
Faint, bluish light from what would have been the nursery spilled into the hallway. Violet motioned to Sherlock to stay put then she slipped inside the room.
“He preyed on people like you.”
“You’re right, that’s not a lot to go on in order to find the letter,” John scratched his head. “How long do you think it’ll take for us to locate it, if we can locate it, that is?”
John opened his mouth then shut it, feeling idiotic.
Mrs. Hudson just sobbed uncontrollably. The only intelligible thing John could hear was “I knew England would fall if I left Baker Street.” Then there was more wailing.
22 July 1983
“It happens,” the young lady shrugged, apparently recovered from the coarse language. “At least you’re not having a bad night alone, yeah?” She deftly refilled their mugs, gave them both a friendly, encouraging smile and went to check on her other tables.
I absolutely loved it. It exceeded my expectations and my expectations were high. It didn't feel weird at all to have the "modern" Sherlock set in Victorian times. The one liners were fantastic. I still giggle when I think about "I like your potato." and "Why don't you elope already?" And Fatcroft and Molly's stache FTW.
“Not right now,” Violet admitted.
“You really didn’t know?”
varied, depending on what produce and protein was available that week. Quality varied from
“Well… OK, you caught me out.”
“Your family has an irritating habit of rocking the boat,” Sherlock pointed out. “’The roads we walk have demons beneath and yours have been waiting for a very long time.’”
Hope Santa is good to everyone! XOXO
Sherlock tucked that fact away in his Mind Palace. “What was your compensation for this job?”
Mary gratefully took a hit of the maximum dosage and sank below the pain, below the worry, below the fear, deep, down into a dark, sweet, soft place. Morphine was the medical equivalent of throwing the duvet over one’s head in a cool, darkened bedroom on a rainy morning and sleeping soundly until the storm had ceased.
Plus her arrogance had just royally pissed him off.
Saturday night
Yes, I subscribe to the theory that Sherlock made a copy of the memory stick. It would be very un-Sherlockian of him NOT to investigate!
“John, if you’re wondering, yes, people are most definitely going to talk.”
“Oh… I didn’t think it was…” flustered Violet looked to Sherlock for rescue.
perfume.
“Oh, Jacky-boy changed our bylaws about membership before he stepped down as President. You remember T.O., he was the President of the Grim Bastards?”
“Hey.”
Violet looked at the four-poster bed she lay in then ran her fingers over the linens.
Thursday afternoon
“No one would believe me anyway,” Lestrade sighed, “A gang of kids running a counterintelligence organization that would make MI-6 green with envy? People would accuse me of having a brain injury if I even hinted something like that existed in the slums of London. Besides, think of all the court cases that would get overturned if it was found out that evidence had been gathered by hackers and street punks instead of by proper police procedure.”
It wasn’t, of course.
. She studied the contents of her bright pink cup, turning it in her hands as if she were a potter and the cup clay she was spinning into a vase. Finally, she lifted her head, “When did it happen?”
Sherlock thought it might be… kinder… to let John sleep.
What he and the Professor and what was left of the
“Well, you are his older brother,” Mrs. Holmes scolded him. “You need to be the one to make the effort to mend fences. Easter was dreadful enough, I will not tolerate another Christmas dinner with you two snarling at each other over the roast goose and boiled potato-”
A wife he had made love to three times to today, thank-you-very-much-by-the-way-
Also, Mycroft is a jerk, Sherlock an idiot, Violet is furious and John's worried...
“No, I’m good,” Violet waved her hands and Bill got out of her way. Together, they walked down the narrow hallway of the Empty House, feeling the façade vibrating as an Underground train zipped through underneath them. There was a brief flush of heat as the lights flickered but the heat soon dissipated. “Thank you for asking, though.”
“I’ve never been with a girl, isn’t that the definition of virginity? It is to my brother at least.”
The pediatrician had still looked doubtful and clucked over Henry’s low weight. Then had looked dumbfounded when he saw where Henry was at with his monthly milestones. He wasn’t just meeting them, he was exceeding them. He sat up at the four month mark instead of six. Also at four months, he had started babbling “mama, baba” as well as laughing and cooing, which Molly found delightful. She never thought she would ever find something as charming as watching a child grow and progress…
“It is,” Sherlock studied the buildings with his hands loosely clasped behind his back. “This is the ‘where”.’ Here is where we will discover what is motivating Rucastle to commit murder, who is the villain actually planning these murders for him as well as how he murdered his first wife, Lady Elise. Not to mention why he continues to drug his current wife. He is giving her far more than a seven-percent-solution I assure you,” Sherlock suddenly produced a brilliant smile. Despite the heat, despite how both the Earl and Victor Trevor had encroached onto his life, despite how Mycroft continued to threaten him and despite how the spectre of Moriarty continued to haunt him… he
“Yes John,” Mycroft had warily eyed John, feeling as if he was about to be set up for a trap. Like his brother, he found John Watson unpredictable. Unlike his brother, he did not feel any particular fondness towards the doctor.
“What the fuck does that mean? ‘Positive-positive’?” When Lisbeth didn’t respond immediately, just kept fiddling with the cigarette, Rat Boy burst out, “Listen you little Swedish freak-”
Violet shook her head, “I’m sorry, no. I don’t.”
Mycroft wondered if John had given up the comfortable, hideous jumpers as well. He flicked his eyes down at the bit of the shirt sleeve hem peeking out from the old black jacket. No jumper but rather a green and blue plaid print dress shirt, expensive material, quality stitch… brand,
something.
So, really, it was alright that Sherlock didn’t come. Especially since Patricia and her entire family thought he was straight and his family thought they had successfully prayed away the gay.
She managed to twist herself so she belly-flopped onto her face instead of landing on her back. She tried to catch herself with her hands but when she landed, she felt another jolt of pain, this one radiating from her knee, causing her to actually cry out. As her temple made contact with the old wooden platform, she felt the burn and scrape of wood against the tender flesh of her cheek as well as a throbbing in her skull.
Trager then looked over his sunglasses at Violet. His eyes were bluer than the bright ocean behind him. “And the money?” he arched a black eyebrow.
“I asked him for a job with MI-6.”
“More fascinating than my bits and pieces?”
Sherlock waited for him outside a handicapped stall. He pulled the door open and pointed.
All the while the clock ticked down, beeping with every second lost…
But her Smartwatch had flickered out at exactly four o’clock in the morning.
“No, he couldn’t have,” bewildered, Molly looked back and forth from Sherlock to the MI-6 agents. “After we learnt of the miscarriage, John said he was going to sit with Mary in the recovery room… he… wouldn’t just
Just as she was about to give up and slip away, at 4:56, a florist van trundled along the crappy road. Violet peered through her binoculars, spying a “donut” instead of a regular tire.
“Thank you so much. Have a good night,” Violet had gushed.
Pay for their visas, initial and renewal fees
She got responses back from them immediately.
“I am NOT fussing! This is stupid and you know it! You are risking your best friend’s mental stability to be Mycroft’s errand boy!”
“Thank you, Miss Tey. It would be redundant to say we will take your case as we are already investigating this case for NSY but your information has been most useful.”
The warmth that now coursed through his veins as well the heat that made his skin sing reminded him of being high, a really fucking good high. A heroin high…. Well, not quite a heroin high, nowhere close, actually. But it was a distant reminder of a heroin high…
“What, now? Why?”
“Can’t we just proceed with Operation Magdalene and be done with it?” Anthea pleaded.
John had tried to keep it together, tried to stand up but his legs just wouldn’t cooperate. Then he had started to sob softly and uncontrollably. He hadn’t been thinking about how suspicious his daughter’s death was… he had been thinking how unfair it was that she died in hospital. That she never got to see anything pretty or lovely, that she never got to grow up and have fun. Make friends and fall in love. That her world consisted of a stupid plastic isolette and wires and tubes… and how bloody fucking unfair it was that she never got to meet her mother… and Mary could die next… and despite his assurances that he was
“Other than first-hand experience?” she dryly quipped. Then she grew serious, “My thesis paper was on the short and long-term effects of PTSD on federal agents. I interviewed several agents who were at Ground Zero on Nine-Eleven. I also did my internship at Walter Reed.”
“Where else would I be?” John says, picking up Sherlock’s hand. His eyebrows crease in puzzlement.
“Mycroft is a pompous power-hungry asshole, but I can’t believe that he’d take part in hijacking an airplane, but the way he reacted…and the fact that he’s not here… He’s not a criminal. But nothing is making sense. I can’t figure it out, and I don’t like that. I always figure things out.”
“Just after you saw me last, down in the bunker, I was drugged and woke up in my apartment a day later. It took us almost twenty-four hours to dig up the fact that a shell company owned by a series of shell companies and ultimately controlled by Jim Moriarty had purchased an uninhabited private island off the coast of Maine a month ago. The owner was the estate of a wealthy businessman who had built a bunker and an airstrip there during the cold war. It all fit. And you know the rest. Most of it anyway.”
Sherlock covers his face with his hands as John spreads him open. “Ah,” he hums in satisfaction, “plenty left. You’re slick with it.”
Sherlock picks his head back up and opens his eyes wide.
John took his food and went to sit at the table between Louise and Mike Stamford. When he glanced back at Sherlock, he saw that he had opened the box and was picking tomatoes from his sandwich.
John shakes his head slowly. “That. Was. Amazing.”
“They break your heart, man, but they’re worth it.”
“Rarely. He’s insufferable. Although I do enjoy eating dessert when we dine together so I can watch his face. He’s always dieting, and I don’t gain an ounce no matter what I eat. It’s childish, I know. But I like taunting him. It’s one of the few advantages I have.”
“They say you’ve gotta hit rock bottom before you know you need help, and I did,” George says. “Well, I’m working hard. I’m in AA now,” he pauses and reaches into his pocket. Daniel is in motion immediately, and George holds up both of his hands, empty except for a silver coin pinched between his thumb and forefinger. Daniel’s shoulders relax, and he backs up to his former position. George shows them the coin, about the size of a poker chip with a "24" in the center.
“Did you ever think of me?”
His heart is full, and his thoughts are bouncing around in his head like kernels in a popcorn machine. It’s like Martin said—
He crawled over to Sherlock’s spot. He’d taken his briefcase, but maybe he’d left something behind. At least the Sharpie marker. Jackpot! The marker was sitting atop the
“Does anyone still have their mobiles?” John said, and they all shook their heads.
“So good,” John answered, pulling him close for a kiss.
want a cigarette. His body does, anyway. It would feel so nice to hold it between his fingers. To feel the comforting, warming feel of the nicotine hitting his bloodstream. But he doesn’t
He’s always been a generous dom, but he senses a difference this time.
Sherlock didn’t press the issue but sulked angrily. As they picked their way slowly through the forest, John tried a few times to lighten the mood with jokes or casual conversation, but Sherlock remained unresponsive and brooding. The next hour passed in awkward silence.
“Is that good?”
“John…” he tries to speak through the mask covering his nose and mouth.
“This is a surprise,” Sherlock says to Ms. Hudson. “John didn’t tell me you were coming.”
The only bright spot had been the electronic guitar tuner that had arrived in the mail from Myc.
“No wanking!” John shouted through the bathroom door as Sherlock was getting into the shower. I’ve got to go out for a bit. Harry called and needs me to help her with something this morning. I’d like you to do some hoovering while I’m gone. Same rules as yesterday. Be back soon, love."
“D’you suppose they’ll turn out the lights, Stamford said. I need dark to sleep. I usually wear a mask, but it’s in my checked luggage.
“Boyfriend then?”
sees the back of a frame. He turns it over carefully, and it isn’t a painting after all. It’s a periodic table, but not like any he’s ever seen before. The names of the elements are printed in bright red, blue, and yellow. The atomic numbers and weights are depicted in dots and bars, in a way that makes a lot of sense but is still beautiful and engaging. It’s a piece of art. Even if you weren’t interested in chemistry at all, it would draw you in for a closer look. His mom didn’t understand his fascination with the periodic table. He had taped one to the wall of his bedroom, just a single page torn out of a discarded textbook when he was in elementary school, and he spent many nights falling asleep while looking at it. He would talk to her about elements and electrons and reactive nonmetals, and he knew she didn't understand a single word, but she always pretended to be interested, asking questions and repeating his answers.  And, for a few years, his birthday and Christmas presents always included a new chemistry set. He loved them, but it meant even more that she took him seriously.
“Sherlock Holmes?” The tall man addressing Sherlock is younger than John
His name is called along with two other men not long after breakfast.
John thanks them and starts off in that direction. When he finds it, the door, which has an “Authorized Personnel Only” sign on it, is ajar. He pushes it open and takes a step inside. It’s a large room, and dim like the rest of the basement. There are pipes everywhere, large and small, running vertically and horizontally, snaking throughout the space. It reminds him of the “pipes” screensaver he used to have. A faint smell of...
It was not Mrs Hudson; it was Stan Hopkins. Stan’s nose was swollen, and he had ugly purple and yellow bruises around his eyes. He did not look happy.
Billy the garrotter doesn’t answer.
He’s driven to this bar for a reason, to get high, but he can’t get out of the truck.
Everything that has happened today, the vibrator, driving the car, the crawling, the crop, the spanking, especially the spanking,
********
I’m going to punish you in a way that will help you remember. You’re going to stand in the corner and think about what you’ve done. Do you need to use the loo?”
At least the last book was set in the present and he could identify with the main character.
He extended a hand and helped Sherlock to his feet.
“Maybe I should get one of those magazines and have you autograph it for me.”
Sherlock shakes his head, trying to dislodge the thought. And then bury it down deep.
“Oh, I absolutely would, although I’d take no pleasure in it.”
John gives him a light slap and, as he involuntarily clenches, Sherlock gasps at the way the plug shifts inside of him.
Sherlock senses John’s movement away from him and stops himself from turning to check just as John says, “Remember, don’t move.”
********
” just beneath it.  He grunts a greeting to Sherlock without looking up from his paper.
“I’ve met someone.”
“What’s the matter? You don’t sound right.”
), the conversation turned to girls, and who had done what with whom. Each boy bragged about girls they’d kissed or felt up and who had the best tits. Even Victor had a story about French-kissing Suzie Ferguson under the bleachers in the gym. Sherlock felt that most of them were probably lying as he tried to stay as quiet and unobtrusive as possible
Sunday means another lazy morning spent snuggled together. Sherlock is in the fuzzy, in-between state where he aren’t sure what is real and what is merely the lingering images of his dreams. Sometimes, in his dad’s house, he would wake confused and panicked, sure that Victor lay cold and unmoving beside him, and he would fling his arm across the bed only to find empty space where his friend should have been but would never be.
“Well, happy birthday then. I do have a gift for you, though; I hope you’ll like it.”
“Your mom… would… ” He hesitates again, “understand you. I just don’t, but I know she would have. I fucking miss her, Sherlock.”
Sherlock has wiped the tear from his cheek and now feels calm and more confident. “Yes. It’s what I want. It’s a dream come true. And I might get into Cambridge University. I can hardly believe it, Dad. Cambridge!”
He scans the crowd, pretending not to, and can’t hide his grin when he spots John, looking hot as hell standing in the aisle close to the stage. If it weren’t for the three-thousand dollar suit, he could be somebody’s uncle. He winks at him, and Sherlock feels the flush turning him bright red as he looks down, hoping no one notices. Nobody’s ever winked at him before. By the time he looks up, the senior band has started tuning up, and he sees Myc taking a seat in the back row. He catches Sherlock’s eye and gives him a slight nod. Sherlock feels himself stand up straighter, and nods back, thinking,
********
“I worry about
“That’s what you were thinking, wasn’t it?” she says.
Wiggy’s eyes grow wide.
John withdrew, wrapped his arms around Sherlock, and kissed the back of his neck tenderly. “I guess your tobacco list has some value after all,” he whispered.
“OK, good. We’re getting somewhere. Usually, unless it impacts their health, a patient’s sex life is none of my business. This time, though, I think it might be significant. When did it happen?”
He’s loading the final plate into the dishwasher when he sees John leaning against the door to the study, watching him with arms folded across his chest.
MH:   And you’ll tell me everything?
John stood, dropped his pyjama bottoms to the floor, and sat back down in his chair.
GL:   Diamonds!  How did you figure that out?
Sherlock winces. He hadn’t studied hard, hadn’t stayed away from drugs. He’d been sort of true to himself in his relationship with Victor, but not completely. There was always an undercurrent of denial and shame about his sexuality. Until this summer. Until John...
SH:  Bye.
Sherlock relaxes some and feels quite pleased that John considers him sophisticated enough to take to the opera. And now, his curiosity has been triggered. “Who’s Harvey Milk? What’s the opera like? Will it be in English? Which opera is it? What’s it about?”
Sherlock looks straight ahead, embarrassed, and John takes his hand. “Told you I’d have to fight them off.”
“Sherlock. My sweet boy, my good boy.”
“If they get what they want from Mr Einstein, maybe they’ll let us go,” Anderson said.
“Do you expect me to believe that?  Jesus, Sherlock, why are you doing this to me?  Did he see you like this?
“No.”
“I don’t know, honey. I really don’t. I’ve been doing this a long time, and it seems some things never change.”
“I’ve got you Sherlock. I’m going to take care of it.”
“Don’t be silly!” “Nonsense!” Annie and John speak in unison, and then Annie continues.
Sherlock looks up. John’s face is calm but severe.
“You OK?” John asks, his hands still on Sherlock’s shoulders, holding him steady.
“Do you understand these rights I have just read to you?” The words seem faint and indistinct, like background noise, having nothing to do with him. “Mr. Holmes?” prompts a voice, louder and close to his ear, startling him, and Sherlock realizes that it comes from the officer behind him, the one who has just cuffed his hands. It dawns on him that a response is required, but can’t remember the question. It doesn’t matter, so he just says, “Yeah,” and slips back into himself.
“It was a team effort, but yeah, he’s clever.” John looks toward Sherlock’s bedroom. The door is still closed. “Look Myc, I’ve really gotta go, but I’ll call you later. I want to know what I can do to help.”
Everyone but Anderson nodded. He looked at John suspiciously but kept his mouth shut.
This isn’t sexual, not yet anyway. It feels comfortable and intimate and…sublime.
The plane was riding more smoothly now, and rain no longer pounded in torrents against the windows.
There is no way he’s going to say anything else but green. He’s ready, eager even, to take this punishment. To embrace the pain and conquer it. And afterwards, John is always so attentive and tender, not to mention hungry for him.
Sherlock runs his fingers over the smooth links of the watch, and when he turns it over, he sees that it’s been engraved.
on the list there would be a “Y” next to it, though the thought makes him both nervous and excited. He'd had many fantasies, but would he have the guts to go through with it? He can’t help but visualize being fucked by John and this makes him hard again. The frustration is not just that he wants to jack off, it’s that he could! There’s nothing stopping him. The idea that he’s doing this to himself, just because John wants him to confounds him.
And finally, at Louise, at her wide tear-filled eyes. And he saw Eurus instead. So young and innocent with her whole life ahead of her. And it was in his hands. He swallowed hard.
“So you enjoyed Pride?” John asks as if reading his mind.
“You have every right to be angry. You did a good thing. I’m proud of you for protecting your friend.”
Wanna get a drink, or smoke some weed?” She taps her purse.
“Don’t get used to it.”
“I’m waiting,” John said.
John glared at Sherlock and one side of his mouth twitched. “What?”
“Yeah, all right.” John removed his wallet, keys, and handkerchief from his pocket and handed them to the man, and then gave him the duffel.  The big oaf patted him down, but fortunately, stopped at John’s thighs.
Sherlock approaches the house and notes with some relief that his father’s blue 1998 Ford F-150 pickup is not in the driveway. He unlocks the front door, enters the dark, empty house and goes directly to his room, locking the door. Kicking off his shoes, he sits on the side of his bed, holding the envelope and staring at it while biting his lip. Finally, he opens it, takes out two pieces of paper, one handwritten and one typed, and begins to read the first, written in a bold, sloping script
“What?”
Sherlock continues the story. “John confronted him and things got ugly. John lost his temper and Jim ended up with a bloody nose. John says Jim goaded him into it on purpose. That way, Jim would have evidence of an assault, but John would have no proof of what he’d heard.
and his mouth was lush
After a few minutes of rubbing and spanking, not hard enough to hurt much, but enough to make his skin warm, John steps away. Sherlock assumes that he is picking up the red and black whip and he holds his breath and tugs a bit at the cuffs. Being so completely restrained and vulnerable isn’t scary but thrilling. Having chosen to be at the mercy of someone he loves and trusts is so
Sherlock walks into the living room in a robe, drying his hair with a towel and sees John and Myc deep in conversation. When they see him, they stand.
. The performers are close enough that Sherlock can see their makeup, and he’s amazed enough again to grin at John and  mouth "Thank you
. “To Molly too,” he adds. It’s getting on towards eleven-thirty now and everyone says goodnight.
Readjusting the pen in his grip and looking at a sharp line he made when he put too much pressure, he let out a long breath in attempt to calm himself before going back to the experiment.
"When?"
They had decided that visiting Sherlock in 221B after months of silence would be an appropriate approach. John had worn the engagement ring and brought along a bouquet of flowers as a small token of apology. Usually when he knocked, Sherlock would open the door for him, but that day, it was Mrs. Hudson, who had a shocked and sad expression on her usually vibrant face.
him, not that that would help John feel any less nervous but it would make him feel less lonely in the situation.
“No need to thank me. Now come along, the warmth of home should do you good.”
"Just you," he said quickly, not letting her finish the sentence for he knew what she will say. He gave a pleading smile, and she responded with an understanding one.
"Not planning to," before John tried to mutter incoherently, he shut John up with a deep kiss, giving John the dominance of exploring his mouth with his tongue while Sherlock was enjoying his dominance over John's body, worshipping the beauty that's writhing for more contact under him. All the friction made their cock throbbing and leaking with precum evidently seen pooling a little on John's abdomen and yet it wasn't enough. John wrapped both their cocks with his hand and began fisting in a fast motion, causing Sherlock to let out a sharp cry before forming a string of moans at this sudden decision for John to take charge of situation.
"You still don't understand it, John. I love you, in a romantic way," he put down the pen as if anything linked to John at this point burns to even think about at that moment. He needs to avoid this shameful confession. John cleared his throat, obviously wanting his attention.
Mycroft glanced at Sherlock's sleeves and back up at him. "John Watson, an ex-army doctor who had moved in with you four years ago in 221B Baker Street. He's your best friend," he briefly explained, just in case Sherlock couldn't take in too many confusing information considering his current mindset, thanks to Moriarty.
“John. When you said that I am someone important, someone
"Any of those pesky women you dated been this good? This... delightful?" he flicked his tongue on the tip before citing the last word and smirked when he hear the ragged breath from John.
“Sherlock. Leave, please? Before you ruin more of my life,” his tears wouldn’t stop falling. He needs to feel numb. As soon as possible. Numb was a good alternative for the pain he’s feeling then and there. He practically ran out of the room and aimlessly trudged around, trying to find a solution to all of these shenanigans. But he knew that would result in nothing, because memory loss that long were usually permanent. He couldn’t do anything, but to try and calm himself even if were illegally.
“Are you okay?”
“Sir, are you a family member?”
“John, he’s getting away!” Sherlock screamed as he used his signature blue scarf to push down the knife wound on his left thigh. John, recognizing his queue, ran after the 6 foot tall culprit on the slippery rooftop. It wasn’t at all a good idea to have a chase on a rooftop after a rain but this culprit was a serial rapist AND killer so they had to push aside all worries to catch this monster. He was close, oh so very close, when the criminal decided to turn around and swung the knife in mid air, just a few inches in front of John, startling him. The guy must have seen the lack of defense and the guard being put down for a moment so he decided to run back where he came from, forgetting that Sherlock was in that exact direction. He sprinted past John and pushed him aside, hard. By the time he reached Sherlock, he was pinned down with a full body weight of a 6 foot, bloodied detective. While keeping the criminal lying helplessly, he searched frantically for a familiar silhouette of his beloved doctor, his newly-declared partner.
"I don't know anything, except who we're here for,"
were all confiscated. He proceeded to sit up and get out of bed while rubbing his red wrists that was irritated from the cuffs before turning his head to what was on the other side of the glass wall.
“He-he fell when he was chasing the criminal after I was… wounded. My leg had already treated but I’m afraid for John. I don’t know how bad, even the doctors couldn’t tell on the spot,” the little child in his hands hugged tighter upon listening to this revelation.
from this past life and make up his mind. It felt important. This...
"Did this brainwash you went through made you stupid, Sherlock?"
"John?"
And the more logical thing to do now, while he's not around, was have a proper toast to him.
His hands literally started to tremble in fear as he secured the ring in his coat pocket before going down the emergency stairs nearby.
"What do you mean by
The first word he uttered since being in the car, was when the slow, barely subtle gasp of the private doctor was heard from behind him. He just don't get why they need to be so surprised when they treat a lot of patients, mostly bloody work. A simple criss cross on his back, and some burn marks shouldn't be new to them. There were two deep lines of wound on his back, and too fresh to handle a great pressure on it. The nurses and doctor assigned to handle Sherlock practically had to peel off the shirt off of Sherlock because the wound started to excrete both blood and pus from the lack of care of the wound. Sherlock might've not seen it so he wouldn't really realize how bad it was, but eventhough the liquid release wasn't much, it wasn't a pleasant sight.
way," he walks closer to a bewildered Sherlock who was trying to make sense of the sentence. He must think this was just some trick, still. When he's at arm's length, he was about to reach out to grab Sherlock's hand a little too quickly because he saw how he flinched at the movement. Both with sorry in their eyes, John properly took one of Sherlock's hand and crouched in front of him so that he wouldn't need to look up at John or in a way forcing him to meet face to face.
"Really? That's amazing! Who's the lucky person?"
He gave Mrs. Hudson a small smile and a soft pat on her frail arm before making his way upstairs, two steps at a time. The very second his knuckle had hit the door of the living room, he heard a loud thud. Surely that wasn't his knock, right? He barely put an effort in the knock and it shouldn't have made such a loud sound. Now he was panicking. Mrs. Hudson knew that something was wrong, and she had the right to think so.
and the best he had. But tell you what? None of that compared to what you had before, Sherlock.
“I think I’m… in love…?”
“It was already so painful, John. I don’t see why-” He sighed, hoping to end this conversation soon.
"Of course. You can have all the food you need," he grinned and held out his hand to John, which John happily accepted and just savour the warmth of the other man in his gentle grip. It was just a simple moment, but it personally felt a lot to it than just a walk in the park. He felt
"Who is he?"
“Why is there a new apparition? I didn’t take any hallucinogenic drugs recently. You shouldn’t be here,” he turned his head slightly away from John, but he managed to cup his face before he completely looked away.
Four more people need to be eliminated because they were overthrowing Lord Moran from his position in the government. He went cautiously to the third political person, codename : Antartica. The whole pathway toward's this person's office, the whole vibe of his steps was strangely familiar on his way towards the underground office.
"What? More news?"
"Yeah, he always does that. It's not like it never happened," he knows he's familiar with the voice, but that must be impossible, right?
I have a busy weekend ahead of me, so I put no such promises to make a daily (or every two days) updates on this.
“O-oh. I’m sorry Sher-” Sherlock shook his head and pointed to the wedding ring on John’s finger.
“Dr. John Watson had undergone a successful surgery, Mr. Holmes. No complications during the entire operation but a close eye will be kept for a short period of time to ensure no unwanted after effects to occur on the said patient. He should be awake soon, so you may enter his room and stay for as long as you like, considering that you are indeed his fiancee. Congratulations, by the way. The medical report is on the desk inside the room for your purpose of reading, as per request,” the doctor nodded at him and proceeded to lead the way to John’s ward. Upon reaching, the doctor held the door open for all three of them to enter, but Sherlock just stood still, confused of whether he wanted to see John’s condition or just be there for John. Rosie was the one to drag him in because she wanted to see her father so badly, just to make sure he’s alive and breathing. She ran towards the bed and released a breath of relief when she held the hand of his father, which was evidently warm-sign of life.
"Oh are you?" he stood up from the chair and faced John, looking down at the doctor. At his friend. "Or is this just another unwarranted guilt and misplaced emotion, like what happened last night?"
“What do you think? It’s not even just once you cancel out on me.
"Sherlock, I was just in shock,"
"Why not? It's what we do, isn't it? Just that I'm the one doing the job and you make sure I'm safe from a distance," he put one arm around Moriarty's shoulders and gave a soft pat, as if giving reassurance. He didn't know why Moriarty was making a fuss about him taking a job that would require him to fly to London at a moment's notice. At least not yet. He knew London was where his last sense of humanity resides for whom he thought was worthwhile completely moved on from his 'death'. Moriarty proved to him how much of an unimportant little presence he was in their lives, and so he decided he should move on from whoever the three person was. All he cared about around that time period onwards was to make Moriarty proud of how well he did in the job. It was the least but the best attention for him throughout his service.
Sherlock's response was merely a plea, a desperate attempt to tell John that it's okay now. "But I'm back now. I heard you-you wanted me to not be dead and now I'm here! What's the fuss? We can just go back to the lives we left behind," he said, grinning like a child that wanted to prove he had done a project perfectly. And he did, because he's back to his Boswell. To hell the scars and trauma. John always makes things better. Right?
He could hear John's tired footsteps up the stairs, seemingly ready to nag at Sherlock. It's not even dinner time, so he must have cancelled out on his date. If it were a more tense or angry footsteps, then just maybe it would be because
"Why wouldn't I be?" he replied with a forced grin, ones that daredevils would often wear after a flawless jump to prove people wrong.
“Will daddy be okay?”
Told you this chapter would be shorter than the last.
"Yes, we are. Tell me why, Sherlock," now he's near pleading for a reason to why Sherlock is much more emotionally distant now towards the only person he had ever trusted enough to show his true self, his quirky side and his sweet side. He misses them a lot, even though he have Rosie now to occupy him with such behaviors but he just want to tear down the wall Sherlock had miraculously put up when John was in a way, neglecting him. Even in the hospital when they worked on the Culverton Smith's case, Sherlock was hesitantly playful towards him, and it hurts.
"No. I just put him back in his place,"
A pause. A long unresolved tension hanging in the air between them.
John probably took more time than necessary to step back to 221B to give even Mrs. Hudson a visit, because only five days later he dropped by Baker Street after work. It was fairly late in the evening, and without looking at his watch, it probably was a little past 7pm when he arrived the doorstep. The sky isn't showing yet the hints of the light blue disappearing, and for John it was somewhat metaphorical of how the light shimmer of hope isn't yet to fade and be blown away by mere slip of the tongue.
"Go back to Rosie, John,"
“Wait, Sherl-”
“Uhm… nothing of importance,”
"I learned to move on, Sherlock. Maybe you should too," and that was John's goodbye before he left Sherlock alone.
Mrs. Hudson sat down on Sherlock's chair, opposite of John. And John somewhat doesn't like seeing someone else on that chair but Sherlock, but Mrs. Hudson deserve a comfortable seat and not the hard wooden client chair. It's far more appropriate. She thought that John at least deserved to know what she does.
"Sir, are you in?" he casually asked through one side of the door while looking at the rest of his teammates, nodding when he heard movement from inside the office. In sync, all of them raised their gun and pointed it towards the door, ready to kill as per ordered.
"When you could prove to me that Jim isn't coming for me,
"I don't know. The future remains mysterious. Who knows what will happen," a pause. Reminiscing the risk he's taking and the fate he's expected to accept. "I
been in love!" those words just spilled itself out of John's mouth, no second thoughts and from the looks of it, no regrets either.
Half past one, and John was still up. Awake and reminiscing. Was he being a little shit to Sherlock earlier? That bastard deserved it. John just felt like he was being played with when he grieved for a living human being. But Sherlock had listened to his little speech, to his plea for him to not be actually dead. In a way, Sherlock was granting his one wish before he left to god knows where. Is that apology-worthy? It's debatable. It's hard for John to actually decide if it's worth it or not. But at least he could offer a little visit tomorrow, like Mary said. John felt very lucky to have Mary, because like this situation, she sees ahead when he's stuck in the past. And she's also his future wife, is she? Will Sherlock coming back disturb this future?
"Maybe... like a married couple," John winked at Sherlock. His face was getting so red, because who would've thought that Sherlock himself could have someone that would marry him, let alone the man of his dreams? "Y-you'd bear with me for the rest of your life?" he subconsciously had one of his hand on his mouth, being embarrassed.
"Make you... love me," he said in barely a whisper but it still echoed in the room enough for John to hear it. He looked down at his hand with the pen he had gotten some time ago from John.
When he pushed the door open, he noticed that Mrs. Hudson was away, probably with her friends playing bingo or poker somewhere she never ever mentioned before to the boys. But the whole building was strangely... still. John just brushed the thought off as maybe from not being there for such a long time. Maybe the air changed in the place, a bit of a foreign feeling to him. The building wasn't always occupied anyway. He made his way up two steps at a time, showing a bit of excitement to go and meet Sherlock, proving to him that hey, it's just like the good old days. A whole script was already prepared in his mind-about work, about the newest case Lestrade had been fussing on, about Mary, about the wedding, and about a dog he's about to get because he knew how Sherlock loves dogs even when he wont admit it. All those just flew out of the window of his mind when he saw how the door of their... well,
domesticity was what he wanted. But he probably would like to keep it as to only on important occasions, like her birthday and Christmas day. He will make sure he can visit then. But he didn't tell the missus this. Because worst case scenario is that he wont be around to even visit. That'll just break her.
Lestrade was working on a cold case, because suddenly the criminals in England was surprisingly idle, but he rarely ever managed to solve a cold case without Sherlock. He needed his brains, even after two sorrowful years. Flipping through the files he had on that particular case, Anderson came in to tell him that a car was waiting for him outside New Scotland Yard. He was partially bewildered, because he didn't order pizza, he didn't have anything planned for the night, and he certainly didn't have any date even on a last minute notice. But he got up anyway, because he wasn't progressing on the case he had on his hands. He grabbed his coat and left the files on the desk for further reading.
“Is it because… I married Mary?”
He tiptoed behind the door so that he won't be seen first hand when they pushed the door, and in position to attack whoever that'll see him. He fixed his mask back on his nose and mouth to absorb any unnecessary sounds he might make, even the sound of breathing, that could spoil anything he planned. His finger was ready on the trigger and his gun was fully loaded. A refill was in his tool belt around his left thigh in case there's more people than he expected.
lie to him about an important information of your survival, but he will be happy that you are alive. Not too well, but still alive," both of them let out a long breath. This interaction was wholesome.
"I was quite alright, I suppose. After Sherlock 'died', I tried to get my life back together again, even managed to meet someone too for a few weeks, and then
"John said that I'm a consulting detective. Is that what people see me as? The detective who ran around solving cases you and/or my brother throw at me?"
he couldn’t finish the sentence because the worry he felt had already got stuck in his throat. When the criminal was cuffed and dragged by the Yarders, Sherlock took the ring-John’s ring-along with him while frantically deducing clues to John’s where about, and stopped at a struggle mark, at the very edge of the building. With eyes filled with panic and fear, he slowly looked over the edge of the building and never had he screamed on top of his lungs like that.
,” his breath were now shallow and it was obvious that he was putting an effort to control his breathing but wanted to give up breathing at the same time.
John was awestruck after Mrs. Hudson explained about Sherlock leaving for missions after missions. And that forcing Mycroft to tell him of Sherlock's whereabout would be near to pointless, because Sherlock wont just be working under Mycroft alone, but the general British authorities. John felt like he was letting go one side of the rope, of the bond they both had. At first he thought Sherlock was the one to forcefully cut the rope off, and letting the rope hang tense single-handedly by John. But he never really registered the fact that even when falling off the rooftop, Sherlock was trying to keep his hand on it, and most probably also when he was off in some dungeon being tortured for information. A part of him, deep inside, was still blaming Sherlock for what he did, but it's not as overpowering anymore.
“I can’t tell you for sure. But if he wakes up and he sees us, I’m sure it will make him feel better, okay?” At first Rosie was just pouting at him because obviously it didn’t calm her down as much as she hoped but after a few moments she suddenly tensed upon looking over Sherlock’s lain head. She was comically frozen, and that made Sherlock bewildered.
“Sherlock, dear. I came as soon as I can after that lovely detective Lestrade contacted me. He thought someone should be there for you in case anything happened,”
”All the compliments you have given me over the years. Are they sympathetic attempts that are actually hollow in the inside?”
"Right. You're right, you always are. Which is why I need to know the end of your sentence, so I can tell you if that statement is also right," There's an awkward pause as Sherlock looked at John, almost angry that he had to say it.
When his breathing became a lot more even, both of them calmed down greatly and Sherlock had seem to regain some life in him as well.
He had had Sherlock’s trust for so long, letting him feel special for once in god knows how long, only to break him with the one word he never would’ve thought would come out of his own mouth. It was like a forbidden word for him because even if Sherlock doesn’t care about that word, it would’ve hit him even just a bit, because if it was John in Sherlock’s shoes, it would hurt him. And the thought had broke his heart even more ; what if Sherlock just doesn’t care anymore because it’s been spoken out loud to him too many times? That John’s compliments had been the one that made him realize that compliments were still valid for Sherlock? The simple compliments John had given Sherlock meant so much more that he’d anticipated, enough for Sherlock to risk himself every single time for John; being dead for two years, running into a bonfire, telling him to exit a bomb-filled train for his wife without him, shooting an important man because he wanted Mary for John. Too much he had done but too little John had did to properly repay him back.
“You can say goodbye to your
He just needed to find where this next victim was and deal with him, before leaving for the fourth political man, but there's not much he could deduce because there's no indication that this man had any appointment outside of the building. Most probably going to be back soon in the room from the loo or someone's office, so he proceeded to look around for anything at all in this room that would help him remember why this room felt familiar.
The first week, he walked in on Sherlock high on cocaine. That very weekend, he got noted that someone spotted a scrawny man sending off a package to 221B, to which Sherlock himself had claimed. Second week, there was three or four different types of opioids in that flat was was regularly used, known mainly because Greg
“I don’t care if I’m not under your skin, but I don’t want to be under your wrath,
“There is nothing not crazy that we do on a day to day basis anyway?” Sherlock countered his reasoning.
But this,
“LIES! Everything you do is lie, Sherlock! Don’t involve Mary into this. I bet if you solved a case without me, you’d finish faster because you wouldn’t have to explain everything to me all the time. I’m just there as someone to listen to you and make you feel good aren’t I?” There. If you listened closely, you could’ve heard the sound of whatever remained of Sherlock’s heart shatter. The only plausible reaction he could make was to break eye contact before John could read the hurt from his eyes and let him know about it as subtly as he could.
"Why are you here?" he cut Sherlock midway, and put the cup of tea on the table right next to the door.
"Will he be back soon?" and the conversation was left with silence in the air. All Mrs. Hudson had to offer was a shrug and a headshake. She had no clue either. And all that
after having hallucinated him from taking some hallucinogens
do. I just wanted you to know everyday or every second, of how amazing that is,"  John would be lying if he said he wasn't awed or flattered by this, because he was, very much.
"Well, it's my turn soon. I'll tell you how it goes, alright? Then we'll figure this out,"
"He said that Moriarty saved him. That's just absurd," he frowned as he turned his head towards the computer monitor on Mycroft's desk that's now turned towards them. Greg must had turned it over out of curiosity of what was happening inside the cell.
gave me the war, and he saved me by doing just that. I owe him some saving too, Mycroft. Now tell us, what are we supposed to do?" John leaned back on his chair and sighed, looking at Mycroft with a tired expression while awaiting a response. A rational one.
"Sherlock. I am your brother and no matter what Moriarty had said of me, I
Two murders.
Going back for a second visit directly the day after seemed a bit too forceful in John's mind. So he let both Sherlock and himself breathe some fresh air away from each other. But he never expected the other party to literally get away far from him.
“The doctor said that he’ll be alright. If he wakes up seeing us, he’d be fine,” he tried keeping his voice calm for Rosie’s sake.
"Sherlock Holmes is dead. It can't be him," as if on cue, a few armed men came out of the prison and walked near them and gestured them inside.
Lestrade subconsciously nodded, agreeing with the statement. "Did he remember you?"
He exited the room where Sherlock was to be confined in for a while.
“Because, I should have deduced that our feelings aren’t mutual,” Sherlock frowned for a split second before giving him the softest smile he had ever had the privilege to see.
“What for?” Sherlock countered the gratitude with a question.
left me for dead! If it weren't for Jim I would,"
“Wh- what-”
"Honeymoon, Sherlock. It's
"Sherlock told me to give you this. He gave one to me too," she didn't mention about hers being more full of flowers, though. Might break something inside him if she did. The flowers exchanged hands and John just gloomily looked at the flowers, feeling it being heavy when in reality it wasn't. It was the weight of guilt and separation that add up to his hand feeling heavy from the flowers.
“Why would someone risk his life multiple times for someone if… If it weren’t for… love?” he smiled shyly and looks at his feet, avoiding eye contact for the time being. He continued when John wasn’t giving his piece of thought.
"Then why are your eyes red and puffy? Your pupils very much dilated? Was it cocaine or marijuana?"
"Yes, okay," he answered and locked his eyes with Sherlock's. He nodded to allow Sherlock to continue, which he did-slowly. John let out a long moan when Sherlock is pushing all the way in. He looked at John to make sure he was still alright and John upon seeing this, nodded to telling him to go on.
obvious?” he chuckled softly, almost sadly.
Sherlock was silent for a bit before asking, "You're... Lestrade?" and got a simple nod as an answer from the man.
"You don't even understand how it works," he huffed a breath, finding the idea amusing.
If people ever said about time being still as a ridiculous metaphor, they’d obviously never experienced anything like at the exact moment. John had said everything out loud, inside the perimeter of the crime scene and in front of the present Scotland Yarders. It wasn’t embarrassment that Sherlock felt (well maybe a bit) but the emotion that clouded everything was betrayal, fear and despair. The giant, gray, cloud of hurt. Everyone stood still, mainly because it was a sensitive situation, so fragile that one careless move could cause so much more than a catastrophe, but Sherlock, the self-acclaimed sociopath and the seemingly cold machine, was unblinkingly still, unmistakenably as if having a malfunction. Suddenly all of Sherlock’s scars started to ache, because the betrayal he felt rooted from the two horrific years of ‘hide-and-seek’ as John had poetically called it, and the bullet scar in his chest which resembled of his effort to restart his heart and of Mary’s scar which took her away from John and caused him to be a subject of mental abuse for being the sole cause of her death. For John being a widower and for Rosie being left without a mother. His eyes started to feel itchy from the dam threatening to spill out all of his hateful tears, to expose his vulnerable sadness. His right hand that held the signs of PTSD started to tremble slightly at the fear he felt deep in his chest. Why does it hit him straight to the heart, like a blunt dagger that had to be repeatedly thrust in to reach his heart? Why must John’s words hurt, so much.
"Mycroft offered me the usual job position in the MI6 for me. Technically I never left or resigned, but now my name's back in the team for larger operations,"
Im sorry this chapter is shorter but the next (and final) chapter is a lot shorter because my thought processes are blocked by many other works soooo :)
“Will he be alright? Will John be okay?” he asked the nurse on his left, who was keeping a close eye on John’s vitals.
“I-yes. I’m his… fiancee” he declared but he couldn’t be proud of the title. Not then when his John is in god-knows-how-bad condition. The medical crew asking him the familial connection question seemed partly shocked, perhaps because the
"Oh, I didn't interrupt your shower," he neared his lips to John's ear. And honest to god, John shivers a bit at the hot breath against his earlobe. "I only interrupted your act of arousal," he smirked and licked the sensitive spot under John's ear, which sensation only jolts down to his penis.
Apologies for the lack of enthusiasm in my writing for this chapter. I was highly motivated to finish this chapter but my mind and eyes wasn't cooperating. Frankly speaking, I was a bit sleepy and exhausted writing this after midnight and I have plans for tomorrow early in the morning. But a writer gotta write.
The words died at this throat before he clicked his tongue, attempting to reevaluate the situation. "He showed me that none of you fucking cared nor wanted me, so he made me into something I was born to be. They would usually nickname me as Erebus or Azrael. Sounds familiar?" with pride painted across his face, he faced Mycroft, awaiting for any sort of reaction to the name.
"You were depressed for losing him! You were devastated like there was no tomorrow and now he's back, this is the treatment you're giving him?
"You want me back to being who I was just so you can leave me alone again?!
"I think you went too hard on him,"
He reached the door at the end of the memory hallway and pushed the door open. It was clearly a spare bedroom, barely used. Judging from the stuff left there, it must be where Harry would be sleeping in when she visits her little brother. He took in all the information of the room and he went to the mirror only to be shocked at how exhausted he looked like. The darkness under his eyes were visible, the flush of pink on his cheeks from the cold and the shadowy depth of his cheekbone was clearly showing how badly he took care of himself. He smoothed out his frizzy hair and at that moment glanced at a worn out paper on the table.
"My brother, Sherlock Holmes, was never dead. He had to fake his death in order to protect you, apart from his dear landlady and second mother figure, Mrs. Hudson, from Moriarty, who had snipers set on all three of you during the time of the fall. Sherlock went to various countries, almost always with minimal weapons or means of survival, went  undercover to destroy the network web by web, strand by strand," he had to pause, and get his breath back because saying what comes next internally hurt him to do so. "He was... unfortunately been taken in by Moriarty during his mission and was
He sigh because he just didn't know what else to do but pretend the conversation never happened, and it's as if John though the same because he wasn't running after his girl even after almost a quarter of an hour Sherlock was with Rosie. A few moments had passed and Rosie was sound asleep again. The air was also lighter, so perhaps it's appropriate to come back out to the kitchen/living room area again and confront John.
"Oh I kind of got interrupted while I was proposing. Where's Sherlock?" he tried changing the topic because he's there to talk to Sherlock. Not talk about Mary.
“Dr. Watson,”
"That doesn't make it better, Sherlock! It's not about the what if's, it's about what
"Is that a mistake?"
"Like it, huh?"
happens".
"Get in, Sherlock. I know you were pushed down to the floor, and from your stance it's obvious that some of the wound might've been affected. Just, get it treated properly this time," he practically pleaded for Sherlock to do as he says. People who knows Sherlock would be well aware that he doesn't really like being treated by doctors, no matter how severe he was beaten, unless he couldn't treat it himself and a treatment is needed. But even that would cause a fuss in the hospital. Sherlock begrudgingly stepped in the car, but not making any more eye contact with anyone. He felt like this was defeat for him-not being able to do things on his own. The whole time in the car, the only voices that echo in the hollow vehicle was of Mycroft's. Asking, reassuring, and trying to pry any information out of Sherlock. Basically anything to get Sherlock, that includes annoying him.
is a bit out of the blue," Sherlock looked away, and his expression rather blank.
"It's already an hour. I should probably go and see him,"
"He's taking a shower. I'm just waiting on him because I needed to change his bandage," she said plainly, but the happy voice still present.
Judging by the still noisy street filled with car engine and useless chatter, it's more probable to assume it's around 8-9 at night instead of around midnight. Mrs. Hudson would come upstairs to check up on him in a few, because bless her, she always made sure to keep him grounded and not stay in too deep in his thoughts. Gulping the last drop of water he used to swallow the pills, he walked back out on his way to his bedroom but was too much in pain and fatigue to move too far, so he slumped onto the nearest alternative he could reach; John's chair. It's comfier than the kitchen chair, so this would do. Maybe he'll ask for Mrs. Hudson's assistance to move back in his bedroom.
"Oh you like this don't you?" he groaned while he slows down his hand but adding some twisting movements to it.
"You make the best noises, I like it,"
"How would we even tell you that we cared if we never knew where you were all these time? Tell me, Sherlock,
The visits started to see how Sherlock react to the people who he presumably saved before working with Moriarty. It was the search for the truth for him, and it wasn't anywhere near easy.
"So, Doctor Watson, Detective Inspector. I have some...
, did you bring along an enemy behind you to come and kidnap me and my daughter for hostage? Because that's your favourite way to be contacted by your enemies, wasn't it?" he hissed every word with seething pain and anger, that it took him a while to realize the tense in Sherlock's body, and the blank stare towards the piece of photograph in his hands that he had gripped hard at the sides as a sign of containing or holding back the hurt and the tears threatening to spill.
“She-Sherlock, are you really saying that? You expected to die? You wanted to stop seeing me? Sherlock, let me tell you that I would risk my life to prevent that from happening,”
“Yes, I’m ready. You forgot your scarf, though,” John said while he held out the well-known blue scarf towards Sherlock, but he didn’t make a move to take it. Instead he just… bent down so he was eye level with John. An invitation.
"Just make sure that wound is taken care of. It would take weeks to heal and months to properly disappear or form a painless scar"
“YOU FUCKING SHOULD BE! *sigh* John, I’m surprised you never register that any of what I did was for you. I died for you, I killed for you, and I’m broken for and by you. What do you fucking want?! I had done all of that because I thought you were actually the one that genuinely liked my peculiarities. The quality that had repelled so many others, I had honestly thought you liked me for me. Evidently I was so wrong. Maybe you’re just here for the fame, or maybe for the money or prizes we get after a solved case. I don’t even know, anymore. And I fucking hope I shouldn’t worry anymore because I’m just tired of all these bullshit, John. It’s like having literal years of my life wasted on someone who had only been holding off the word ‘freak’ because he had to! Maybe Mycroft was the one to convince you to not hurt my feelings or else you’d be incarcerated or something. Well guess, what John? No need to pretend anymore, because I’M DONE!” Sherlock had said all that with so much fear, anger and resignation, that it couldn’t be delivered as swift as his usual deductions. As he said, he was done.
“Why do you say that? Whenever you needed me, I helped you,” then there were a pause. Like a moment of realization.
my dinner,"
“That you really do love me,” that was not wrong, but it had caught the air in John’s throat. Acknowledging it had seemed wrong, out of place, considering of what he had done to Sherlock. And yet, Sherlock had accepted him back in no matter what condition, because, what? Because-
, and my brother is apparently in the government. What's in it for me, huh?
"John, you're so tight and so warm," he grunted before curling his fingers to softly press his prostate, whispering love and reassurance to his ear when John was moaning loudly, desperate to feel Sherlock inside him, especially when he began to add his third finger.
"If he didn't take me in, I would have died in an instant. He made me his best assassin. The sharpest tool in the shed,"
"I'm only telling the truth," he looked up from his microscope to see an aggravated expression plastered across John's face, so he raised one eyebrow in question as to why he's denying the truth he had spat out. All he got as a respond from John was a grunt when he turned around to leave the flat as quickly as he can, trying to flee from Sherlock's remarks.
He pushed the door open slowly and the sight was very dull and kind of sad. Everything was… pale. White. White walls, white floor, white bed, white desk and tables. One of the only vibrant colour in that room was a blood-red apple on the table which seemed to be untouched for at least two days. The other was the dark, silky curls of Sherlock. He was lying on his back on the bed just… staring at the empty ceiling. He himself was as pale as the white clothes he was wearing. The short sleeved top had emphasized his now-thin figure and even his pants seemed baggy. He approached Sherlock slowly and when he was close enough he could see the continuous marks on the crook of his hands that had proved his recent drug abuse. He took the chair on the desk and brought it next to Sherlock’s bed and just sat down, studying his expression. He was empty. As if he was actually lifeless. He tried to reach out to take his hand but stopped midway, afraid if it would startle him.
"A... chance?"
familiar.
John thought that clarification would’ve eased the tension between them even just a bit, but he could only see Sherlock bowed his head down, maintaining his gaze on his dress shoes. The sight of a tear falling from Sherlock’s face onto his black shoes had tensed John and sent goosebumps down his arms. Sherlock doesn’t cry in front of people. This was wrong. Very, very wrong.
