“I’m listening to and cherishing every word you say, darling.”
Steve took a shaky breath. “That last one is the one that pulled me through to the finish line. Had it been up to your Auntie Nat we would’ve taken the safer route, but then we wouldn’t have made it in time for Christmas. In time to be with you and your Dad and all the others.”
“Oh, no, we did-“
With his breath quickening a little as he scooted towards the edge of the couch Steve threw their son a challenging look, eyebrows raised.
, having to endure a possible deadly sickness. But with Peter’s big, sad eyes and Tony’s arguing that they are one big family and have spent enough time over the last months together anyway, he’d caved eventually. He’s adamant on at least keeping their distance, though, which isn’t really a hardship with all the space the common floor offers.
Once they decide to retreat to the penthouse and bid everyone good-night, Steve overly realizes Peter’s on a precarious edge, hovering either on the keyed-up side or the overfatigued and tired-out one. Sometime during getting into his PJs and going to the bathroom to brush his teeth it’s a weird mix of both. As soon as he’s tucked in under the covers, though, he’s out like a light.
“Uh, sorry. I’m a little overwhelmed. This is…” He clears his throat, taking in the mechanical picture yet again. He’s almost as moved as the first time he’s lain eyes on it. “This is so… awesome, I can’t believe you two really made this for me.”
“Then you should thank God your hair doesn’t gray.” Tony smirks at him before he leans in for a kiss, all soft and with feeling. Pete makes a strange noise they both ignore before pulling apart and resuming the cuddling.
“Valerie is still a thing?” Out of the blue Natasha has appeared by their side, a steaming mug in both her hands. “I thought he’s given up on aiming higher than what’s on his shelf.” She takes a careful sip, though the smirk is clear even around the cup’s rim. They share a laugh until Bucky leans down closer to Natasha’s hands and sniffs.
Steve groans. “No. Absolutely not, you overbearing, spoiled only child.”
Peter blinked a couple of times, eyes darting over Tony’s face and their surroundings as if he couldn’t look his Daddy in the eyes. He buried his face in the Cap doll, like he wanted to block everything out, but a moment later he had to come up for air. The question rushed out right after, totally ignoring Tony’s questions.
James Barnes sitting in the middle of Tony's workshop. Why was it always Tony? He tapped his desk, cast a glance to the monitor that showed him his lab, and looked around the room. For whatever reason, there was a dead man in his lab, who'd done something to Jarvis because so far Jarvis hadn't responded to him. He'd wondered if he should call someone, but Barnes hadn't done anything yet and Tony may be a genius but he did dumb things. So, he went down and oh boy was it a good choice.
No one can tell Tony he didn't try, and for fuck's sake he literally hadn't done anything this time. The man wasn't there a majority of the god damn time. When he did appear, he sat in his lab and watched Tony work like some goddamn ghost. He was quiet, didn't ask for anything, and Tony didn't pay him any mind. Really, all Tony had done was make sure there was food and tinkered with his arm once or twice. But, still the flowers persisted and Tony choked and spit around them. Anytime a full one came up, he crushed it and threw it away. No, he wasn't angry at Bucky but at himself. Was this how it was going to be? Coughing up flowers for anyone and everyone that fucking looked his way?
Tony starts preparing for his death at only fifteen years old. He keeps building, writes a few letters and tries to make a few amends. It's no surprise when Rhodey notices this strange behavior, and keeps a closer eye on him. Still, when he wakes up in the middle of the night choking around a flower with tears in his eyes, he doesn't change his mind. At first, he worried about his parents - but then realized they'd be perfectly fine without him. Jarvis and his mother would mourn, but he wrote letters for them to try to help. That doesn't mean he let his grades drop. No, no, he wanted to be able to rub in everyone's faces that Tony Stark was still a genius even when every breath aches. Even when it's harder to get up every morning, and every breath brings tears to his eyes.
Tink. He knew about the flowers.
Not that he had much time to think about it when the Accords came along. The woman had thrown him for a loop - her innocent son was dead and underground because of Tony. How could he do nothing to try to help out? But, of course next to no one agreed with Tony, how could they? Steve himself said Tony was wrong, and they'd trail after him no problem. But, Tony tried even though all this talking weighed on him more than the bouquet, and getting up in the morning was becoming a real chore. Hell, he'd even involved another kid, how fucking stupid was he? Peter shouldn't have gotten involved in Tony's shenanigans, but here he was.
This took way to long, so sorry, but here's more suffering on a platter.
from the inside out, and he smiled around the slight burn in his chest. Even if Tony did want to put more distance between him and the doctor, it seems it wasn't meant to be.
Be prepared
Tony likes to think that's the reason why the first time he meets Steve in real life he feels nothing but burning jealousy and resentment. He knows, deep down, that Steve is a good guy and he doesn't deserve this treatment. In reality, it was a good thing he'd gotten Hanahaki and removed it when he was young because Steve didn't deserve Tony. Tony was a mess, and Steve deserved someone he could love back. Not someone who was selfish enough to develop flowers he couldn't give back.
Or, that's what he hoped would stop the flowers but he should've none - not even strong, beautiful, Pepper could stop the flowers from coming back. The doctor was so nervous and jittery when Tony had first met him, and even though the smile on his face when Tony complimented him was small, it was there. It made Tony
Rhodey had left when Tony refused to say anything, just stared at him in defiance. But, he was there when a week later Tony asked him to come over. It'd been a while since he'd drunk, he'd been trying to get better for Pepper, and somewhere deep down trying to get better for Bruce as well. But, tonight was an exception as he had Rhodey hold him - drunk and crying, choking around flowers yet again. With the reactor, it was too dangerous to have surgery to remove the flowers. The only thing that could help was time and space, and he remembers Bruce's face when he made up some excuse on why Bruce had to leave. Hurt, hurt, betrayal, pain, love and oh god was that love Tony saw?
"Look at him Tony," he said, gesturing towards Bruce. He could feel Bruce watching them, not knowing what they were talking about, but knowing it was about him all the same. Tony didn't want to look if he did he'd cough and Rhodey would be right.
It was bad luck and irony that had him develop Hanahaki for the same man as his father, only four years later. Tony grew up on stories of Captain America from his father. Stories of his bravery and how Tony was unbelievably different from him. It was the only time his father spent any time with him, and Tony would take those few moments. Even when he turned on Tony and spoke of how much better Steve was. Even if Tony was only eight, and nowhere near a grown man. There was jealousy, but there was also the great feeling of awe.
Howard wasn't happy - when during one his few sober moments when he was telling a story about the Captain - when Tony started choking. Something tickled the back of his throat, light and unnoticeable if you weren't paying attention. Tony had ignored it, and later that night when he had a small coughing fit, he saw nothing wrong just yet. It was only after another story from his father, that the signs really showed. Howard had been drinking while he told the story, and at the end where he told Tony he'd prefer Steve over him he hit Tony to the ground. But, Tony wasn't in pain from the slap, the pain blossomed from his chest until he heaved and coughed. Bloody Lilacs and Delphinium decorated his palms, and he heard his father's breath hitch. But, he didn't hit Tony again and instead stood and left the room without a word.
But, there was a very
He supposes, watching the snow fall down on him as cold seeped into his bones in a Siberian bunker, he deserved all of this happening to him.
This will be a short chapter just like this flower
He was rambling - back to James Barnes, or Bucky, which ever you choose. Tony didn't know much about the guy, Steve rarely spoke about him and when it did it was during vulnerable moments when Tony felt wrong asking questions. Moments when Steve's face was so soft and his eyes downcast, with his voice so quiet Tony thought it would carry on the wind. Sometimes it did, sometimes he'd stop midsentence and stare off into the distance long after you'd taken your leave. He hated when Steve did that, hated how something curled in his gut other than burning jealousy that this was the man his father loved and not Tony himself. But, James Buchanen Barnes was dead, Howard Stark was dead, Steve and Tony were like cats and dogs, so everything was the same.
It stresses him out beyond belief, and he sees just how much he stresses over it when Pepper shakes his head at him. She thinks he’s stressing for no reason, the kid loves him and Tony’s a great man, so why worry? (Every time she says he’s amazing he thinks of Bruce and Barnes and - how dare he bloom for someone else.) But, that’s in the past, long in the past. Barnes has fucked off with Steve and his fam- team and Bruce left.     So, instead of when she says that, he brings up how he brought a kid into a battle with super adults. He shoves that guilt into the back of his mind, tries not to acknowledge it. Time continues.
(See the end of the chapter for
But, then a jet was crashing into the helicarrier, there was yelling and roars and rage, so much rage. There was no time for Tony to think about what he wanted to do with his flowers. He was fighting, gods suddenly existed in the world, and now he was standing in front one.
A new horror, because that was his mom and dads car driving down that street. Then, that was Bucky's arm around his
f     ell
He nearly dies the moment he hears about his parents' death. It sends him spiraling into shock. There's not enough breath coming into him, and he passes out from hyperventilating. When he attends the funeral, there's so many unfamiliar faces and fake smiles. He takes comfort in Jarvis and Obidiah's presence and places flowers on his parents grave. They try to take him out of MIT, but he insists on one more year. It'll be his last time to see Rhodey, he doesn't have long left. It makes him happy to see him again, and he's glad Rhodey doesn't walk on eggshells around him. The teachers do, they coddle him and suffocate him. In comparison, the students get harsher and eventually Rhodey starts walking Tony to every one of his classes.
Watching Bruce move around the lab, Tony knew this would end bad.
James Buchanen Barnes - the shadow of Steven Grant Rodgers. Or, he was the shadow of Steve in Tony's eyes. As well as his father's eyes - after all, he wasn't Barnes's friend, he was Steve's friends. In his father's eyes, he was one of Steve's closest friends and this directly clashed with Barnes being Steve's best friend. A best friend Steve took on ever mission to hunt down a Hydra base, who had a need for a famous mechanic on such a ride? But, maybe Tony's view and information on all this was bias. After all, he got all this information when he was seven or so from a drunken father in a dark lab with broken objects all around them. There was also the fact that Tony may or may not have gotten some brain and liver damage sometime in his twenties from the alcohol. But, he was still a genius and still very much alive so what did that matter?
Then he was falling, he could feel glass in his back and see the droplets of blood in front of his eyes. Tony was tired, he was so tired of blood, but there was no rest for the wicked and his armor closed around him. He had honestly thought he'd die in space, alone and freezing. Endless darkness had floated in front him forever, only interrupted by the nuke going off and flames. Somewhere he had looked forward to seeing if space would suffocate him first, or his flowers.
"How can they when they're too busy fighting you and your infectious love?"
"Well, you know one in --"
Christmas Eve is almost as hectic as the whole of December, never mind the year since the pandemic started.
“He’s not listening,” the boy whispers into the phone and now Steve actually has to turn away because the smile splits his face. He hears Tony’s soothing timbre, but can’t make out actual words. What he can hear, though, is his kid saying, “You can count on me, Daddy” with utter conviction.
“I knew you could beat Auntie Nat, champ!”
“There was even one that made me cry. The video you made FRIDAY record without your Dad knowing it.”
“No!” the boy interrupted what would surely have been a heroic speech. Tony was speechless given Peter’s sudden outburst. Steve wasn’t any more articulate, though Tony was spared his mouth standing open.
couldn’t reach the nail that they’d put there a few years back and hadn’t taken out since where that damn twig needed to go.
we go grocery shopping? Or do we have to ask FRIDAY?”
“Did you just roll your eyes at me? I could
let some stupid (and potentially lethally dangerous) virus destroy their favorite time of the year.
“And I thought he was exhausting when he was barely two.” The way Tony’s lips move over the bare skin of his chest makes ripples run down Steve’s spine. He almost can’t hear his husband’s muffled words, so distracted is he.
“I know, buddy.” He pulled Peter back into an embrace. “I know. I’m sorry, too. And I promise I’m not going to worry you like this in the future again.”
“Are you talking to Papa?”
“Papa, you’re supposed to stand
Tears were welling up in his eyes. He turned away for a moment to not let Peter see them. It was enough that Tony himself knew how hooked he was on Steve. Pete didn’t need to know how bad it actually was. He had to be strong for their son, trying to lift the worries from his small shoulders. He was only
Still grinning, he held out his hand. Tony was still so struck that for a moment he didn’t know what to do. Steve had already raised his eyebrows when the genius’ brain caught up with the fact that he was still holding the mistletoe in his hand.
“Not now,” he whispered, half-way into his Captain America voice, and Tony knew something was deeply wrong. Something that Steve didn’t want to address. But Tony wouldn’t have that. He knew what it looked like when his husband was severely injured and as much as he obviously tried to hide it, Tony saw right through him.
Steve knows he’ll love it. It’s Peter and Tony’s after all.
Wide eyes with tears in them stared at Tony. They studied him for a second, probably trying to determine if he could believe him or not, but in the end, he only started struggling again.
“Merry Christmas to you, too, buddy.”
you rolling your eyes at me, Mr. Stark-Rogers!”
“Valerie?” Is she still a thing? Steve has to be honest and say he can’t remember if Sam is still interested in the woman working the front desk.
They’re all on their last legs, but Steve’s proud and happy to help wherever he can. Sadly, that means he’s not really in the mood for Christmas yet. Doubts that this year he will get there. But apparently his son has taken it upon himself to drag his Papa with him and out of the circles of darkness that has settled around Steve without him noticing.
“So you like it?”
In the arms of his husband, their son squeezed in between them, Tony couldn’t help but feel his heart fill with light and warmth and love for his family. He wouldn’t simply forgive and forget. They definitely had to discuss Steve’s involvement with SHIELD -
everything sooner or later came down to Howard and Maria’s death. Now Tony’s throat had closed up for good and drove the tears to the corners of his eyes.
Steve needs a moment to make the connection in that joke, but when he does, he can’t help the chuckle and the fond eye roll.
Cursing colorfully he fully focused on the screen, was ready to yell at his AI why she hadn’t alerted him that the kid had taken a walk through the penthouse when a small voice behind him made him pause.
“You’re not allowed,” Pete murmurs, part sullen, part crestfallen. If there has ever been an expression Steve had never wanted to see on his son’s face it was
The words are the most serene call if Steve has ever heard one, never mind that Steve would follow his husband to the ends of the Earth, and even beyond. Has already done that, actually, so it’s not a hardship to be led out of their son’s room and, after a short detour to the kitchen where Tony presses a hot cup of punch into his hands, out on the balcony.
No over-priced presents for either of their birthdays or Christmas. A solid ground rule that has been in place for over ten years now. Most of the times Tony has managed to follow it, the only exception being their wedding rings, but that’s mostly because they’re part Vibranium and that still is the most expensive metal on Earth, so Steve has allowed it, albeit with clenched teeth.
Peter was still staring at him with big eyes, but in the end nodded.
“I loved each and every video you two sent me. They made me feel like I was with you, even though I was miles away. And that last one…” His voice trailed off along with his gaze. Tony frowned. Which had been the last video he’d sent Steve? What in it could’ve evoked that reaction from him?
After a late breakfast Bruce arrives, arms full of groceries, and bans them from their own kitchen, but Steve can live with that. He’ll get a full three-course-meal out of it after all. Tony makes a little more fuss, even though he hasn’t set a foot in the kitchen since Peter’s grown out of complementary food, but the kid drags him off in the direction of the elevator, probably to make some last touches to the gift they have for Steve. He watches them go with a broad smile.
“You’re going to love it.” Tony’s fingers dance back from his side to his stomach. Steve feels one of his eyebrows jump up.
“Something he’s surely inherited from his father,” Steve quips, but immediately earns payback for saying that.
“Sam?” Steve asks next.
For a moment time stood still. All that was missing was Steve.
“My lips are sealed tight.”
He opened his arms, beckoning the young boy to climb into his lap.
Pete’s eyes widen, fearing that his Daddy will tell after all, as Tony chirps into his ear, “Only Santa knows.”
At closer inspection of the box Steve finds the original drawing is included, too, all messy brush strokes he’s been used to for years now, has seen them what feels like forever next to his own paintings in his studio.
“Definitely,” Bucky agrees, but his smirk is overly present again, though good-natured.
“Oh, don’t give me that look.” Tony pinches his sensitive side in a way that makes Steve’s whole body tense up. He’s buried under the two people he cherishes most in life and he’d hate to jostle them around.
Peter didn’t talk to him for the rest of the afternoon, burying himself in his room and occupying himself with toys and tools alike. The grim expression that looked totally wrong on the kid’s usually so happy face stayed.
“You believe me now that I got and watched all the videos you and Dad sent me?”
and with his Cap plushie tightly clutched to his chest, his eyes wide and staring at Tony innocently.
“Papa, shhh!”
sent you and-“
Dropping his hands Tony got the feeling that it wasn’t anything bad, per se, but something he tried to hide from his Daddy. “Pete?”
Steve didn’t leave his personal space while stretching up to hang the mistletoe. Under different circumstances Tony would’ve found it hot that he did it one-handed, but the accompanied flinch made him pause and frown. Steve never flinched, at least not from simple physical tasks like hanging up a damn mistletoe.
“I’m sorry, honey, but I don’t think so. Papa will call when he has the time, though. You know that.”
At that Bucky laughs out loud, full-bodied, a hand over his chest and with his head thrown back. “No! No, he’s taking a couple of vets out for lunch. Do something nice since most of them are pretty shaken up by the events of the year. But I’m sure Valerie’s with them, too.” He winks.
“Is it allowed to come in yet?”
“And I’m sure
He sighs, dragging a hand through his hair, hoping Peter doesn’t see the lines on his forehead. He’s not going to admit seeing Peter like this breaks his heart every time he does it. Has done so ever since the boy watched Tony do it and saw Steve crumble almost immediately, each and every time. (It’s a weakness, he knows, but when Tony gives him this stare he can’t help but want to do anything in his power and beyond to get rid of it.)
The boy settles soon, though, when Steve good-naturedly rolls his eyes, which probably says something about how often he does it when Tony evades an answer. Another thing he has to get a grip on, apparently, if he doesn’t want his son mimicking every mannerism his Dad has developed over the years.
When he’d calmed down somewhat Steve added, “Only you, Tony Stark,” he came closer, still showing off those perfectly white teeth in a huge grin, “can manage such a sentence while your brain short circuits out.” His hand landed gently on Tony’s cheek and pulled him closer. Tony let him, mistletoe in his hand completely forgotten.
Steve smiled down at him. “Every single one.”
“Come here.”
“Yes, I’m sure Daddy’s got it covered, Pete” Steve added for good measure and yet again Tony was glad to have him by his side where parenting was concerned. He had a way of stoically delivering bad news, or at least news that Peter didn’t want to hear about. Like right now, when he looked disappointed that the grocery shopping was already done. Tony didn’t know where he’d gathered that strong interest in buying food, but he had it.
“Well, Pete-“ he tries to explain, but gets interrupted rather quickly.
Tony sighed. “Don’t fool me, kid.”
None of that he could show on the outside, at least not in front of Peter. Tony could take not seeing his husband for two weeks, nearly four as of right now, even though it was hard. He could understand that. But Peter didn’t, and how could he? All the kid saw was that his Papa was away on missions all the time. Missions he didn’t need to do because Tony was a fucking billionaire! Not that that counted where freedom and justice were concerned. Tony understood that, too, to some degree at least. He didn’t have to like it, though.
“You’re not going to find anything,” Steve whispered into Tony’s hair and that didn’t sound reassuring.
“Promised to be here in time for dinner. He still has
“You’re not that company’s CEO anymore, Tony. I remember you passing that position on to Pepper explicitly to avoid situations like this.” He doesn’t mean to sound accusing, but there’s a sad tone underlying his words nevertheless.
“He’s not going to call. Right, Daddy? He’s not even-“
“And the drawing on the fridge, I know.
They spent about half a minute in silence until the kid shoved the mistletoe into Tony’s hands, saying something about hanging that in the doorway. Tony was still suspicious/worried where the kid was going with this, but did as he was told nevertheless.
Gently, his hand landed on Steve’s left arm. The flinch this caused had definitely been worse than the previous one. Tony frowned, worry rising high in his chest.
“-and I was so
The kid doesn’t wait long for their reaction, though, and instead scrambles right back off the bed and out the door, probably hoping his dads will follow him. It takes them another minute to move. Steve pulls himself up first, much to Tony’s displeasure.
Tony has to hear his throat closing up because he lowers his voice to this soothing timbre that washes over Steve’s mind and body like a warm blanket. He isn’t really listening for exact words; just Tony’s voice is enough to make his muscles relax.
The kid nodded after thinking it through for a moment, clearly sensing the diversion, but accepting it nevertheless. He picked Peter up even though he was heavy and Tony wasn’t the youngest anymore, much to his dismay, and closed down the holo-screen in front of them. They would get through Christmas time somehow, even without Steve.
“Anytime, darling. You know I love reducing you to mush.”
. Actually, he was this close to getting a freaking stool when Peter said in a quiet voice, “You should let Papa help you.”
His thumb gently traced the vibranium-titanium alloy band that made up his and Steve’s wedding rings. Best damn nine years of his life, he decided. And, if it were up to him, the first of many, many more to come.
“Yeah, Daddy!” Peter chimed in and for a second Tony was disappointed. Pete was his kid, he was spending most of his time with him, helped with self-imposed homework that you didn’t have in preschool yet, but that Peter wanted to do nevertheless, and now he sided with his Papa? Disappointed didn’t even cover it. Tony felt
Steve most certainly hasn’t. Bucky’s gaze shortly darts between Steve and Nat, but ultimately lands on the woman again.
Sitting on the couch, his nose buried in his son’s soft hair, Tony whispered, “I know you miss him.” There was a quiet trembling running through the small body in his arms. “I miss him, too, you know?”
“Listen, Pete,” Tony repeated. “I don’t know what you think you’ve heard. But I do know for sure that Papa watches the videos. When he has the time he calls. Which sadly isn’t often, but it’s what we have. But he definitely watches the videos, trust me on that.”
Sharing a look and a smile with his husband, Steve took two careful steps and pulled Tony against his side, pressing his lips to his temple before letting their son pull him away towards the tree that was still missing tinsel and the star on top, as Peter happily informed him.
So much for pulling up a façade for the kid. Steve keeps the smile up nevertheless. Peter deserves nothing less than smiles, even when his dad and papa are practically the worst right now.
“Pete, I don’t have favorites. I loved them all very much.”
Steve also knows Peter hates to see his Papa mope around like this. He’s informed him of this several times before, for almost two years now whenever he notices it. And Steve can’t deny that he’s moping. It really has to be rather obvious, especially if his boy gives him this long hard stare, eyes narrowed to slits.
this year is different, but he can’t - he
His smirk meets that of his best friend. Bucky still looks a little ruffled, but ready for some down-time.
Wait. Had Peter just said he’d sent videos of his own? Tony’s eyebrows shot up towards his hairline. His son and his AI must’ve collaborated behind his back on that because Tony certainly wouldn’t have approved any of it.
“Christmas miracle,” Tony says quietly, sliding his hands around Steve’s middle and resting his chin on his shoulder. Steve agrees with an equally quiet hum. Peter will always be their little Christmas miracle. They were able to sign the adoption papers just three days before Christmas, only four months after the boy’s birth. Ever since, this time of the year is doubly special for them.
“I don’t hate many things, but it hate that I wasn’t there that day.”
“Hmm?”
“Got a surprise for you,” Tony whispers into his ear next, voice hot and promising. Instantly Steve feels a pull in his middle. “Follow me.”
Tony had enough control over his emotions that he didn’t outright start bawling. But he couldn’t help squeezing his son back and burying his nose in the soft brown locks.
“Papa? Did you watch the videos?”
“The serum’s already taking care of it. Stop worrying.” Again, whispered into the side of his face where Peter couldn’t hear. The boy was already babbling in rapid fire speech he must’ve inherited from Tony, wasn’t really paying attention to the two of them, but already planning out their Christmas anew. Tony only glared at Steve when Peter had finally turned his back on them, bouncing happily over to the Christmas tree and dragging his Papa along with him, now that he finally had him back.
“I love you, too.”
Sighing heavily Tony took a couple of steps back and eyed his work. Tilting his head a little to the side his hands wandered towards his hips.
“I just…” Nope, enough of feelings for the moment. Change of topic. “Pete’s having a real hard time. He accused me of siding with you because I dared to say that you actually watch these little recordings we’re sending regularly and that you think about us as much as we do about you. He apparently doesn’t think so, at least not anymore, and frankly after two weeks of total radio silence, I kind of start to think that, too.” He sighed. “I guess he misses his Papa. I -
“Yes, we did. Both negative. What do you take us for?” Bucky sounds a little hurt at Steve’s words, but one can’t be too careful these days. Besides, regular testing is SHIELD policy. Steve knows that, but it doesn’t hurt to ask.
Time flies by lightning-fast. Steve absorbs every moment like a dry sponge, every laugh, every smile, every shared conversation, every almost-touch. Every actual hug he receives from his son. Every kiss he shares with Tony. It’s easy to forget the world’s going down outside the doors.
“Then we need to finish the tree! Come on, Papa!” Peter dashed off, back into the living room.
Before he can think about it properly he’s scooped the kid up in his arms. The way he clings to him says so much that Steve doesn’t want to think about further. He just wants to make it go away, wants to lift all the sorrow he’s bestowed on the kid’s little shoulders.
Tony groans again. “Is it bad to think five-year-olds are tiring?”
That the kid has to resort to measures like this to get Steve to pay attention to him is unacceptable, no matter what Tony and he, and all the other people out there helping where they can, are going through right now.
“Hey.” Tony turned him around in his arms so he could look at the boy. Gently, he framed Peter’s face, softly brushing the tears - goddamn tears! - running down his cheeks away with his thumbs. “None of that. He’ll be here. He promised, remember?”
“Papa! You’re back!” He only reached up to Steve’s hips, but he managed to bury his face in Steve’s abdomen immediately nonetheless. Tony clearly saw him wince in pain this time.
“What are you two up to?” he asks skeptically.
He tried to make light conversation, cheer the kid up a little, or at least distract him, and for the most part of the afternoon it worked. Until he brought over the fresh branches, including some mistletoe.
“Hey,” Tony chimes up, instantly sounding more cheerful again, “last time you said that, you were more enthusiastic.”
Daddy.” He stresses the
Steve follows the glance only to find Tony placing a finger over his mouth as if he wants to shush their son, but actually says, “He wouldn’t allow me to give you anything else. So you have our ball of sunshine here to thank that you won’t get a private island this year.”
And dropped everything and rushed past Tony into the kitchen. Which could only mean one thing: Peter wanted to help. Which was both adorable and exhausting. As much as he was trying to help most of the time Tony had to stop his enthusiasm before it got out of hand.
“Yes, my immensely talented son Peter. I think you met him the other day. He’s hard to miss, really. Brown hair, hazel eyes, roughly reaches your waist. Extremely bubbly. A very lively kid.”
It’s a mechanical version of one of his most favorite scenes: Peter, Tony and him, standing around a decorated Christmas tree in between a mountain of presents. It’s… animated, for the lack of a better description. The tree’s lights are blinking in different colors. Steve’s wearing a Christmas hat whose bobble changes lights from red to blue to white. Tony’s waving his hand at him, a bright smile on his face. The small figure that is clearly Peter has a smile that’s the biggest feature on his face, showing how happy he is being pulled up by his dads’ strong arms from time to time. Sometimes even one of the presents under the tree lights up.
for Tony.
Thirteen days. It had been thirteen days since - Tony knew not to count, but he couldn’t help it. Thirteen was… it was a lot, ok? They had taken more before, sure, but it was December for God’s sake!
But this year he just… doesn’t feel the Christmas spirit like he usually does. He’s so busy, trying to help the people less fortunate than Tony and he are, who have to fight for their jobs, their homes, even for the next meal, never knowing if it’s going to be the last warm one for a while. He’s been reminded so much of the times he’s grown up in lately, it’s scaring the hell out of him at times when he lets himself think further about it. Tony usually reassures him that they’re helping, all of the Avengers are, as much as they can, funding charities and shelters, raising awareness of how dangerous and deadly Covid-19 really is.
“Come oooon!”
Peter only shook his head, shock of hair flying around wildly. Absently Tony thought the kid should get a haircut soon. He watched, both suspicious and intrigued, as Peter seemed suddenly
Until he suddenly asks, “Steve?” (or not so suddenly, Steve can’t be the judge of that. He’s sitting on the couch with his eyes closed, whishing his husband was by his side).
“You’re not allowed to mope. Daddy says so and I say so, too.”
Immediately Peter’s face falls. “No,” he breathes. “No, Daddy, you can’t…” He even scrambles closer to the phone Steve’s still holding out to him.
Suddenly Tony remembered the last video and blanched. FRIDAY, the traitor, must’ve sent it on her own because Tony certainly hadn’t. He wouldn’t have shown Steve the obvious sorrow he caused not only his husband, but most of all his son with his continued absences. His eyes darted to Peter.
, kissed the top of Peter’s head and beckoned Tony to join their hugging.
“Hey darling.” He paused. He actually had no idea how to say what he wanted to say. A rare occurrence in and of itself, Tony Stark not knowing what to say. He sighed, dragged a hand over his face, threw another look at the monitor where FRIDAY had displayed Peter’s room. The kid was still playing and he was still sullen. Damn.
“Somehow I’m starting to doubt that.”
Tony didn’t know what to say, was lost for words, and that was a rare occasion as it was. He couldn’t believe that what he’d actually hoped for, the only thing he’d wished for this year, seemed to become true right that instant.
“No, really. Guess what.”
Peter beams at the phone, and simply keeps on talking. Steve leans back into the cushions, watching his son with a fond and loving smile. Again, he isn’t listening, just letting both their voices and the warmth in them wash over him.
“Oh, Pete, that’s not-“ Tony took a deep breath. Gently he turned Peter around in his lap, brushing Peter’s cheeks softly with his thumbs. “You’re not- It’s not because of you, baby. I just… I was…” The words got stuck in his throat and wasn’t that just wonderful. “I… I just miss Papa.”
He should’ve seen the outcome to that, really, but he’s surprised by Tony’s fingers tightening again.
“I have to tell Daddy something!”
It broke Tony’s heart to see his son so crestfallen, even though he bravely nodded. And all just because he didn’t know what to say. The anger probably showed in his heated stare he threw over Peter’s head into the camera. Steve should by all means see that Tony was unhappy with him being away for such long periods of time most of the year. So long in fact that it started to affect his relationship with their son.
Slowly he felt his eyes drifting closed more and more often. The blinking of the tree drove him crazier than he liked to admit, but with his eyes closed he could concentrate on the warmth around him.
Tony sighs. “Honey, I have a company to run-“
But that was a talk between the adults, once Steve was finally back from that damn mission. Now, Tony had to make light small talk with the camera for their son.
This year everything’s different. Peter knows that. Everybody knows that. A global pandemic can’t be argued away just like that after all. Knows that his Dad is away a lot lately. He sees him on the news more often than personally and sometimes Steve wants to deck his husband really hard for it. Then he tends to remember all the charity work he himself is doing, all the times Peter is in the care of other people, even though they’re their family, too, and wants to be angry at the world at large at the unfairness of it all and apologize profusely to his son and his husband and every member of his family for ever thinking that.
“This is for you. From me
Even through Steve’s normally constantly high temperature he feels the cold and is glad for the warmth the cup gives off. It’s below freezing temperature out here. Snow is softly falling around them. For a second Steve wants to mouth off about Tony not wearing a jacket over his sweater, but his husband’s only pulling him close with his free hand, a brilliant smile on his face, and presses a long and languid kiss onto his mouth in a way that steals Steve’s every thought.
“Yes.”
With a smile he thumbed the remaining tears and stains from Peter’s cheeks. The little boy shook with the amount of air he greedily sucked into his lungs and actually was silent for a couple of moments.
“Then you should be getting checked over all the more!” He couldn’t help that his voice sounded shrill, even though he was still only whisper-shouting.
“Hi,” Steve breathed, a careful smile on his lips.
it’s going up on the fridge,” Steve finishes, dragging his hand over Peter’s head again before he gently pushes him back towards the tree to open his presents. This time the kid goes way more willingly. Moments later he’s all absorbed with unwrapping. Steve’s glance finds Tony’s across the room and mouths, “Love you”, earning himself a smirk and a finger beckoning him closer again. As always he doesn’t hesitate a second.
He looked like a deer caught in headlights. “Nothing,” he squeaked.
He tells his husband about it later that week and they both laugh. They haven’t really spoken in two days, both being scooped up at their respective works. Tony’s working the great tour, traveling the whole country with Pepper in tow to spread the Christmas spirits of Stark Industries and the Maria Stark Relief Foundation wherever they make a stop.
disappointed their son like that - the first Christmas the kid might actually remember and one of the most important people in his life was missing! “And honestly? I don’t know if he’s going to make it.”
Tony altered between watching his husband and their kid snuggled up between them. Everything was so soft and warm and not for the first time in the last years he thought that he was dreaming. It was all too perfect to be true. A man in his arms that he loved, who loved him, and a child to protect and take care of in a way he’d never thought he’d want, never mind get. Christmas had been a red rag for most of Tony’s life. First spending it without his parents and with the Jarvis’ instead, then all alone when they were all dead, killed, or spent at parties where he could lose himself, be one of many instead of the center of his own attention. Drowned in alcohol and sex most of the time, to forget that he was indeed alone, even in large crowds. But now… The last decade had replaced most of those bad memories and Tony couldn’t think of anything that made him gladder, happier.
“You were talking about something hard,” Peter interrupted, looking much too serious for a preschooler. “You were talking about being alone. I heard, Daddy. Am I that bad? If I am I promise to be better. I can be better, Daddy, I know I can. Just please don’t be sad anymore.”
Peter didn’t seem to get what he’d done to him. He only kept on babbling happily.
, he’d said.
, with his son safely wrapped in his arms, but the traitorous nook in his heart missed another pair of arms slung around him so badly. He knew that it was a big parent no-no to rely on your kids for comfort, he’d read that in the countless parenting books years ago, and Tony would reverse their roles back to normal in a second, but for that one moment he just clung to Peter in his arms.
“Hi kid.” He needed a moment to clear his head enough to forget his previous panic about Peter’s whereabouts before he motioned for the kid to come closer. Which Peter did without hesitation. Thank God for small miracles.
. This year it’s Clint’s.
“How has Clint lived through this three times?”
That had been nineteen days ago. And Tony hadn’t heard a word from him in thirteen now.
“I’m sorry I’ve been moping, Pete.” The small arms around his neck only tighten, which, no. “I promise I’ll try not to anymore.” Anything in his power.
“I see you got it covered, kid. Totally like your Papa, taking command of everything immediately.”
To exactly no one’s surprise Peter threw first Steve and then Tony a suspicious look. Obviously he was trying to find another excuse to get out of the house, totally unaware of the crowds of people that would be out doing exactly what Tony had learned to avoid: last minute shopping, be it groceries or Christmas presents.
“A little to the right,” it finally came. Tony nodded before stepping up to the tree again and pulling it a little to the right, just like his son had told him to.
“Don’t know what to say.” His voice was barely more than a whisper. All Tony could do was tightening his arms around his son for comfort.
“Well.” Steve took another moment before he continued. Tony could see the tension in Peter’s shoulders rising with every beat.
He expects the kid to be all excited about it, but Peter only frowns. Before he can ask what that is all about, though, the kid quietly says, “It’s Uncle Clint’s turn.”
“I’m not-“
Over the course of the afternoon their whole family arrives at their headquarters in various states of stress and hustle and bustle, but all with smiles on their faces and presents in their arms. Peter’s delighted.
“Tony, you know what we agreed on.”
Obviously Tony asks to talk to him again because shortly after, Pete shoves the phone at him again.
. He had to cling to that promise, that hope that he would still show up. Even through two weeks of radio silence.
Together they got out the Christmas decorations and started to turn the boring green thing into something to rival Peter’s Uncle Bruce - spectacular and full of color. On the outside Peter was excited, but Tony could sense something, or rather someone, was missing dearly.
“I can’t pick one because they were all wonderful. They kept me going-“
They can hear Pete call out, “Presents!” somewhere down the hallway.
Steve’s stunned silent as soon as he lays eyes on his present, even before he’s put a single finger on it. For a second he doesn’t dare to do so in fear of breaking it. But then his son asks him to get it out, Papa, and who is Steve to deny the kid?
Out of the corner of his eyes Steve glares at Tony, but that only makes him laugh, too. So this is what his life’s come to: his husband is laughing at him, making fun of him, all at his expense, and in front of their son, too, who only nestles closer to him. It’s a small comfort Steve cherishes nevertheless.
Steve was clearly amused by that snide remark. Tony could see it already that he wanted to agree with the kid, out loud, and precautionary sent a deadpan look his way that dared him to say something to that. Being the little shit that his husband was, though, he took a careful breath and said, “You really should get to it, Tony. You can’t loaf around all afternoon. Someone needs to cook dinner.”
He never returned from the spacecraft, flew up and up and never returned. Tony couldn't blame him, all he seems to inspire in people is hurt and disgust.
“I’m so sorry.”
The first time Tony saw Hanahaki - believe it or not - was from his father. He was the epitome of steel, unmoving and harsh even to his own son. In front of the camera, he was a perfect father and loving husband, but he was the opposite at home. Maria and Howard rarely spent time with each other let alone their son. Of course, that didn't stop Tony from trying to get their attention when he grew older. Instead, he was taken care of by Jarvis and kept busy. It was a shock when Tony stumbled upon his father in the lab at four years old. He wasn't supposed to be there in the first place after he'd broken something important when he was a baby, and Howard had lashed out. Small bloody footprints were left after him as he stumbled across flowers stripped Carnations and Daisies - following the sound of choking. The closer he got the more he grew scared, but even when Tony was little he didn't let fear stop him. Howard was doubled over a file - Steve's file he found out later on - coughing up blood and beautiful flowers.
They'd fallen asleep like that, Rhodey didn't complain when he woke to the sound of Tony choking and instead got him a cup of water and helped him through it. The next morning, Rhodey begged him to get the surgery. He couldn't stand to watch his best friend die just because Rhodey saw him as a brother. Tony refused, but after two days of Rhodey begging and the mental and physical strain of the flowers, he agreed. The surgery was quick and confidential. He was afraid when he came out, he'd think and look at Rhodey with that same numbness he did Captain, but he didn't. There was still love and fondness - just not the fondness that wrapped around his heart and strangled him.
Tony doesn't remember much of that night other than him wailing loudly. He didn't know what was wrong with his father - and his only instinct was to cry out for his mother. It only grew when his father turned on him in a flurry of anger and harsh words. There was pain and red and Tony fell to the ground with the flowers. That night he was put to bed by Jarvis with bloody petals in his fist and a red cheek from his father.
Tony let him go. The very next day, Bruce had his bags pack and even though they hugged, Bruce avoided his eyes. He promised he'd be back, once everything was passed, but Tony knew lies when he heard them. He'd been hearing lies since he was little, but maybe it was for the best. They kept a distant friendship up after that, not the close friendship Rhodey and Tony had kept up. It made him wonder if they could've been something if Tony had tried to change himself for the better. But, even that distant friendship ended eventually. They created Ultron together, things went terrible, and must Tony ruin everything he touches?
Tony found himself in the doctors the very next day, first thing in the morning when it was practically empty. Jarvis's hand was steady on his shoulder, warming his body from the lack of both his mother and father. They'd said they were too busy, but he knew they were disappointed in him, they always were. But, the doctor said nothing and Tony was escorted into the room. When he left, the awe he had when he thought of Captain was no more. It was more of an empty feeling like something should be there, and as the years continued it was only filled with negative emotions. His father spent the rest of his time avoiding Tony and mentioning the Captain near him. The second his father had the chance, Tony was shipped away to MIT four years later. Tony couldn't blame him, especially when new flowers threatened to choke him. When they died, he could only mourn the people he wished they'd have been.
A nod.
(See the end of the chapter for
The kid, oh the kid, how did someone like him look up to Tony? For every apology, the kid would just bounce back up with a smile and a, “It’s okay Mr.Stark! I understand!” He hated it, he really did - or well, he tried to convince himself he did. But, he always felt himself relax with relief afterward - he’d throw a smile, a pat on the back, ask him some questions as he brings the kid to eat. .      Eventually, he realizes that he doesn’t hate it, he hates the fact that he doesn’t deserve it. He thinks of people he apologized to in the past, who he needs to apologize to, and sees nothing but broken bridges. This bridge, with the kid, if it were ever to break - Tony doesn’t see how he’d fix it.
In came Thanos - Tony hates being right, he hates the way his chest constricted out of panic and fear at the sight of the aliens. Everything was falling apart, and he didn’t even have the fucking guts to call Steven Rogers. How pathetic was he?Pathetic enough to not realize just yet, that the kid would get involved. Pathetic enough that he couldn’t even send the kid home properly. If he died, it’d be on Tony and Tony’s well aware of this. Looking at the kid with fear, worry, and everything in his chest hurt. But, the longer he looked the more he saw himself in the kid and he finally realized what type of love the flowers in his chest were for. The relief crashed with new horror, and he didn’t want to see the outcome of this trip.
Of course, all trips end one way or another, don’t they? He knew it wouldn’t have been easy, but damn. The wizard and Tony had made an okay team and made a good plan with the space team. It was all following the plan until Quill was punching Thanos and who was this Gamora? When it fell apart, Tony was left with a bleeding side and no idea what had happened. The wizard had given the stone up for Tony, and he looked over at Strange. Strange refused to look at him instead of staring up at the sky. Peter’s as confused as everyone, and he looks to Tony for guidance. It was quiet, which was why it was even worse when everyone slowly went up into dust. He was alone, with his kids ashes in his arms, and his last words echoing in his ears.
Then Bucky himself was on Tony's side, and everyone he'd known and held close was fighting and
Rhodey looked at him with a solemn, "It's no ones fault those flowers exist Tones."
He sounded so heartbroken and guilty, how could Tony not spill every secret he'd been holding thus far? Tony expected to be pushed away, ignored and left to die. But, instead, he was hugged tighter and pulled closer. At first, he didn't understand the apologies that spilled from Rhodey's lips, but when he did he wriggled far enough away to look at his face.
Rhodey apologizes while Tony drowns.
"You think he'd want this Tony?" Rhodey was begging now. "I didn't want you to die because of me, do you think he'd want you to?"
I promise I love Tony guys
Tony never believed he’d be a good father, hell he still wasn’t a father really. He is, however, a mentor to a kid - and helped another kid out in the past. Really, with his past experiences when it comes to family and being a figurehead, all he could do was try. So, he tries to do everything his father didn’t, when interacting with Peter. .               Sometimes it doesn’t work out, sometimes he’s a bit too harsh. Usually, when he’s a bit to harsh he spends the rest of his day wallowing in guilt and self-hatred, before forcing himself to apologize to the kid.
When the man disappeared, Tony mourned as stupid as that fucking sounded. He didn't know the man personally, hell all he knew was what he got from the articles. But, he knew the man's mind and he mourned the loss of that intelligence. Even when he felt the faint tickle of something at the back of his throat, he didn't worry. Bruce was just an idea in his mind, not a physical thing the flowers could latch onto. If he'd ever met the man personally, he'd have worried. Especially, when years later after clawing his way out of Afganistan, when he no longer has a heart but instead a piece of metal in its place.
So, he starts doing his best to watch after Tony without risking his grades. Honestly, Tony appreciates it and absolutely hates it at the same time. He knows he's in danger when his heart flutters when Rhodey throws a smile his way. It's dangerous and reckless to keep going this way, but distancing himself won't help. Either way, close to Rhodey or not, he's in danger. The first time he slipped under Rhodey's radar, he found himself cornered in an empty classroom. If he went back to the door that afternoon with a limp and bruises, who's fault was it but his own? It only takes a few more incidents like that, before a few worried and confused looks from Rhodey, drew him right back.
It was only Steve's fault for only informing a few members on the team that he was looking for Bucky, and not include Tony. There was also the fact that Tony lived to please. And the man in front of Tony who looked incredibly different from the pictures of Barnes he'd seen, and an incredible looking metal arm, well what wasn't there to please? He narrowed the tickling in his chest down to the excitement of the arm and danger of the situation. But, he knew what it was and there was no way he could avoid it really. It was either avoid new people the rest of his life or deal with the flowers blooming for no reason. All they did was get worse after every dismissal of them.
"Don't blame yourself," he begged. "It's my fault."
It sweet - Rhodey is sweet - and that's how Tony finds himself crying into Rhodey's arms. He'd had a nightmare involving his parents, watching them die and being able to do nothing about it. There was no air entering him, he was sobbing and drowning on his own love in Rhodey's arms. When he choked on a flower and spit it up on Rhodey's lap, Rhodey's arms tightened. He didn't say anything until Tony was done, and by the end of it, Tony was no longer shaking from the nightmare or effort.
He was more cautious with Bruce after that, even if he knew the flowers couldn't grow back after being coughed up. Bruce came back to the tower after Tony invited him back - guilt, hate, and shame burned in his veins when Bruce looked happy to see him. They went back to their routine, even if things weren't the same. Sometimes the conversation would trail off, glazed over eyes would wander to the other as they thought, and touch was limited. It was for the best, at least that's what he believed until he walked in on Bruce coughing bloody Gladioluses onto the floor. He'd tried to help but:
You thought you'd get a happy ending didnt you?
More suffering~! Up next: Bruce Banner
Seeing him in action as they bustled around the lab made him tingle and grin. He couldn't help how more relaxed the doctor looked when they worked - whether it was from Tony or being in a more natural environment. It was amazing, and he knew right then that this flower would bloom quickly. Relief and irritation raged a war within him when Steve entered - relief for distracting Tony, anger for even showing his face. Proving him wrong about Shield brought Tony nothing but happiness, especially when Bruce backed him up.
The kid dragged the back of his hand over his nose and dragged up the remaining snot. “’M sorry.”
“It’s almost Uncle Bruce’s birthday and we haven’t,” he heaves all the stuff in his small arms on the table, “started making presents yet!”
The fondness turns into a full-on smile. “I did roll my eyes. You’re an incorrigible man sometimes.”
Steve can’t help the huffed out laugh and the fond shake of his head at the boy’s sleeping form.
“I’m missing you,” Steve counters, his own smile first freezing, then falling a little.
busy with the decorations that were supposed to go on the tree.
Carefully he pulls the construction that comes into view out of the box. The second his mind takes it all in Steve is close to tears.
“Woah, woah, slow down, kid.”
“Can’t wait to see what you’ve come up with,” he whispers against Tony’s morning stubble.
Tony shivers and tries to bury himself deeper in Steve’s arms, but he doesn’t allow that. He only cups Tony’s cheek again, drawing his face up so he can look him in the eyes. There are snowflakes glistening in Tony’s hair, on his eyelashes even, running a race with the glow in his eyes, and for a second Steve can’t breathe until Tony gives him back the air he’s stolen in form of another kiss.
“I bet he’s dying to open his presents.”
When little arms closed around his chest, the Cap plushie squeezed between them, it didn’t lighten any of the pain that had started to make itself a home there. And it had nothing to do with the usual hole from where the arc reactor used to be.
He frees himself from Peter’s embrace only to crouch down and return the gesture, hugging his little frame close to his chest.
“Don’t I get a hello kiss?” Steve motioned to the mistletoe still in Tony’s hand, long forgotten. Dumbly Tony’s eyes wandered to the branch, then back to his husband. It finally spurred his brain into action.
“No! Papa has to do it!”
were sure. Like
A slow nod until suddenly the kid broke out in tears and stormed into Steve’s open arms. Burying his face in his Papa’s shoulder Peter sobbed his heart out, words spilling out of him without end.
. Bless this child.
“The one where you told Dad about how Billy ruined your shared project and Ms. Knight didn’t believe you, was the one I watched over and over until I could recite it by heart because I loved the sass going back and forth between you so much.”
“Daddy?”
Peter had desperately wanted to share the events of the afternoon, but when they had sat down to record a message, they were both still too wound up. The mission of ‘telling Papa about what a douche Uncle Clint could be’ had been abandoned shortly after, but the squirt had insisted they sent the video nevertheless.
They were four days away from Christmas Eve and Steve had
Peter’s a little alarmed when his Papa embraces him with tears running down his cheeks. For a moment Steve gets lost in the way Peter’s heart beats against his chest and subsequently against Steve’s cheek right now. How warm and soft his skin is under the PJs he’s still wearing. How much he loves their talented, beautiful son and his equally talented and beautiful husband.
When he comes out of the bathroom he hears them whispering animatedly in the living room. Probably some last, finishing touches. Steve halts near the doorway.
remember I’m still the face that’s plastered on all the promotional posters, along with my name.” He falls silent for a moment, before saying the words Steve knew he would say next. “Nothing against Pep and her many wonderful ways, but… you know the press coverage is higher when I do the charity work.”
At times like these, when he had to look at their son and the heart-broken look in his eyes, his quivering bottom lip and on the verge of tears, Tony could throttle Steve, scream at him, hammer against his perfectly shaped chest. Tony shouldn’t be doing this and his husband should damn well be at home, spending his time with them!
“I think I haven’t been under such stress since trying to find a suitable daycare center.”
As they all sit together at the table (almost doubled in length this year to make sure everyone’s maintaining their distance), Steve for the first time since Buck’s birthday in March feels normal. Or at least as normal as it’s going to be for a while longer. Tony’s by his side, sliding his hand on Steve’s thigh from time to time to ensure both of them stay grounded. Not like their son. Peter’s practically buzzing, vibrating in front of their family, the decorated tree and all the presents lying under it.
“Ok,” was the first thing Steve said once he’d gathered back his ground. Tony saw that Peter suddenly didn’t seem all that sure in his accusations anymore. Steve surely wouldn’t back down from what he wanted to say. There would be a heroic speech after all.
They’d worked a mission up until well in the morning (whatever SHIELD had thought pulling two Avengers off for something they could achieve in two days; though maybe that was exactly why they had done it, making sure that it was over before Christmas).
“Hey Pete, what’s wrong?”
Encouragingly he nudged Peter towards the screen. “Well, then go on.” He tried to smile, for Peter’s sake, but the boy didn’t even look at him. He only stared at the screen. In the reflection Tony could see his worried face, even though it was still halfway buried in his Cap doll.
“Someone needs to, Daddy. You just stand around and do nothing!”
For days, Steve expects the worst.
When their lips finally met Tony couldn’t help the happy little sigh that escaped his lungs. He’d missed Steve’s lips and his mouth and his everything so damn much, he just wanted to crawl into him and stay there forever. But Steve, the spoilsport, kept the kiss chaste. Much to Tony’s anger and simultaneous relief because as he wanted to lose himself fully in the kiss, Peter made some strange noise.
Tony notices like he notices everything. “Hey.” His hand lands on his shoulder in comfort. But all that achieves is giving Steve the last push.
“God.” It was out in a whisper against Peter’s hair before Tony could stop it. “You’re only five - how can you be so insightful?”
In his growing anger Peter only pushed at him harder, started hammering his little fists on Tony’s chest.
“How long have you been standing there watching me making a fool on myself in front of our son?”
Steve sighs and looks away, hoping the kid doesn’t see the twist around his mouth. God, he
“Uh oh. What did I do?” He tries to sound funny and fond instead of the actual panic that settles in his chest at the thought of having fucked up and having hurt their kid in the process.
Tony thought he hated that, too. It’s not that he’d needed his husband, but the last years it had been easier. Especially concerning not to spiral down to dark places like he’d had before their relationship had started.
Tony chuckles warmly when he hears Peter’s overenthusiastic greeting as well as his babbling. The boy’s basically reciting what he’s done over the last couple of days minutely.
It made Tony and Steve chuckle at the same time. Which finally seemed to convince the boy that they were covered for the holidays, at least as far as food was concerned.
Peter was already pulling out pots and a pan to put on the stove when Tony joined him.
Instead of giving an answer Pete throws himself at him, encircling his legs.
Tony didn’t exactly flinch back, he was much too reluctant to pull away from his husband for that, but Steve was enough of a parent that he made the decision to not completely lose it
. Deeply, deeply betrayed.
They share a bout of laughter, absorbed in each other, until Peter nudges his way back into their circle of warmth.
This Christmas is different. Everybody knows that. But like every Christmas before, Steve thinks, it’s special. Because it’s theirs.
He pulls up a smile, waving Peter over, but the kid only stares harder, even puts his hands akimbo.
“Anyway, Natasha is,” he motions over his shoulder, “pestering Bruce in the kitchen.”
“Where can I get one of those?”
“Daddy!” He sounded scandalized beyond compare and Tony already thought something had happened, but then the kid basically screamed, “Dinner!”
rather pointedly, along with throwing his Dad an equally pointed look.
“I could have if I’d known you wanted one so badly.”
“Well, we can’t have that, now, can we?”
For Peter’s sake he leaned in closer again, pretended to embrace Steve, but in reality he methodically checked him over for wounds and bandages.
For a moment Tony was struck. He hadn’t said that - or had he? He couldn’t remember. Far worse though, was that Peter had obviously heard it. Now, he had to save what was left to save.
“Steve, what’s-?”
When he tells Peter as much the boy looks at him with wide eyes.
Tony chuckles. “It’s Christmas.” He leans in for another kiss and only shortly pulls back to whisper, “And I love you” against Steve’s lips.
Tony had put off setting up the tree for as long as possible. But now it was Christmas Eve, already past noon, and Peter was getting restless, seeing as the tree wasn’t yet up.
Tony couldn’t decide what emotion weighed out the others. Hurt, anger, disappointment and worry all swirled together in his stomach. It was a bad time getting in front of a screen and recording a message, he knew that, cognitively, but he did it nevertheless.
The tension was still there, but grew more and more restless by the second. He didn’t know where his Papa was going with this. Tony did. He tried to hide the smile and all his love for the man it stood for in his shoulder.
“Do you…” Pete’s voice is too small for having achieved such an incredible feat. “Papa, do you like it?”
Peter pouted, his bottom lip quivering. Yeah, he’d seen through that lie right away. Tony hadn’t expected it any other way, wouldn’t want his son any differently. He was on the brink of tears, though, and Tony knew he couldn’t help his baby’s sorrow right now. There wasn’t a lot out of his reach, being Tony Stark and Iron Man, but sadly, this was. Tony would’ve given most of his fortune without thinking about it twice to make that wish true, but he… couldn’t.
Steve knew his kid is quick, but he’s still surprised when he throws himself at Steve in a flash, grabbing for the phone. Steve’s so perplex that he almost lets him, but in the end holds out a finger, indicating Peter should wait, and when the boy does, puts Tony on speaker.
At times like these Tony could almost hear Steve chuckle in the background and tell him that Peter was definitely Tony’s son. That smug tone screamed Stark in such a typical way, it would be obvious to everyone.
In Steve’s humble opinion three islands in various oceans of the world were
The kid had been awed when they’d flown to Laniakea (don’t ask, curse of a billionaire owning an island in the Pacific, naming it tacky things like ‘immeasurable heaven’) last year. Had his husband really seen the need for another one the kid would’ve been flabbergasted and not mischievous. He’s even trying to hide the giggles behind his hands and that’s enough to tell Steve he’s on the wrong track.
at his VA center,” he adds with another smirk at Steve’s raised eyebrow.
“Where’s Nat?” Steve asks. “You didn’t come here together?”
“Listen, Pete,” he started, but was interrupted right away with another round of ‘no’s and little fists hammering into his chest. It took Tony awhile to get ahold of the small hands, but in the end he had one of the kid’s gently in his.
Thankfully Tony’s there to soothe him, pressing close to him on the couch and running his left hand lightly over Steve’s stomach. Peter is on his other side. They both decided to use him as a pillow while watching Rise of the Guardians (which Tony has declared the best Christmas movie since How the Grinch stole Christmas, but Pete’s still too young for that) for the third time this season.
