“Don’t tell me you’re the type of guy who waits ’til marriage?” Dean asks, levelling an incredulous look in Castiel’s direction.
“No,” older Dean licks his bottom lip. “It’s not that. I mean you’re never 100% out. I never thought I was, and that’s fine. I still get involved here and there. It’s not- it’s not about hunting. But you’re right, I do find you kind of hard to look at.”
“Remember when I was looking after you in the nuthouse, you know, out of the goodness of my heart, there was that guy, Peter, really had it out for you, tried to convince the other patients not to talk to you. And I said I would do something about it, poison his food or something, and you told me not to. Do you remember what you said to me?”
“I’ll go order, are you having anything to eat?” Dean asks. Cas shakes his head. “What about to drink? First round’s one me.”
“And you know, it wasn’t all terrible. I wasn’t uncomfortable the whole time. Some of it was even… I dunno, some of it was nice I guess.” Dean admits, eyes fixated on his fidgeting hands.
Dean goes over to his bed and pulls out a box from underneath. He doesn’t have much he can offer Castiel, not nearly enough to equal what Cas has given for him, but it’s something. He opens up the box, the top lined with a few faded tops that have certainly seen better days. “God, after a life on the road you wouldn’t think I’d turn into such a hoarder. This place is not good for me,” Dean remarks.
Cas clambers in beside Dean, still in a dress shirt and slacks. At least he’s not too out of place next to Dean who’s still in his jeans.
Dean’s almost dropping off when the finally reach Sioux Falls. He’s jerked wide awake when the realisation dawns on him that he now has to put on this horror show for Jody. His stomach drops like a loose elevator from the top floor of a skyscraper.
Sam approaches the door where Dean’s crumpled up and stands in front of him, looking down at the mess of his brother. “So he wasn’t there, maybe he’s not on duty today,” Sam offers, voice cool.
The spell is simple to assemble, but requires quite a few ingredients. If it weren’t for the Men of Letters’ bunker, they’d probably be out scouring for days to gather them all. Sam makes quick work of adapting the spell, with him being 98% confident that it’ll work as planned (with the other 2% concerned that it’ll make Cas blow up).
As Dean is slowly wrenched back to reality, he cycles back a step - “Wait. Do you really think my shirts are crappy?”
Cas meets Dean with a determined glare. He takes the end of Dean’s index finger in his mouth and slips off with the relish, relishing the moment as his gaze is locked with Dean’s. “Mm,” he hums, with a tone Dean almost mistakes for sensual. “That is good.”
“So…” Eileen starts, kicking Dean gently under the table to get his attention. She jerks a head in Cas’ direction and wiggles her eyebrows.
“You-” Castiel’s soft expression slowly hardens into a frown. “Dean, you idiot,” he snaps, whacking Dean gently on the arm unbefitting playfulness. “
“Rise and shine, Sammy,” Dean says, trying for energetic but landing on limp and dejected. “Have a good night?”
“As I said,” the angel says, his voice soft and low. “The punishment for trespass is death. So you ought not return,” the angel finishes.
“I just-” Dean licks his bottom lip; a nervous habit making quite the showing during all this. “This is all… a lot. You got a kid and stuff, so… I’m probably better off dealing with this alone.”
“Asshole,” Dean tuts. “I want pancakes.” He starts to get out of bed, but freezes before he whips the covers off. “Oh… Sam get out I’m not wearing underwear.”
“You go first,” Jo offers, collapsing onto her cot, letting her bag drop onto the floor with a muffled clatter of steel blades and soft clothing against hardwood.
“Of course,” Cas nods his head and gives Dean a knowing smile. “There’s still so much I don’t understand about being human. I’m lucky I have you and your brother around to help.” Cas swipes up bother plates and moves them into the sink, with that taking complete care of breakfast.
The other three immediately transition into frowns of disbelief. “How exactly is that a safe location? That’s knee-deep in angel territory around their
“Yes,” Cas says, matching Dean’s breathy tones. Cas is still in the game - he takes his hands cupped around Dean’s jaw and holds his face there, locking their eyes together in a tight stare. “How about you?” Cas asks, lips about an inch from Dean’s to the point that they’re sharing oxygen.
It all feels so… strangely cosmic. That Dean should meet Castiel exactly when he needed to. When he was at his lowest point, peak desperation, and he found the answer to all his problems in Castiel. If he were a man of faith he’d cite divine intervention, or fate, or something. He’s not, so he calls it a really fucking lucky coincidence, but he can’t help thinking about the way Castiel’s grace had reacted to his initials in that tree, and think that there’s something so much bigger and grander about all of this.
Sam blinks blearily up at his brother’s face as it fades into focus. “I feel— I think I feel… good?”
Castiel is prepared for his death. He has been since the moment they were taken captive, if not before. He’s ready for the blade to be plunged into his gut, to feel the cold silver and to feel it burn like frostbite, spreading through his entire body, tearing him apart from the inside out.
The citadel is clean and orderly in a way that the outside world is not. The world outside the walls is huge, open and chaotic, and in that way it’s teeming with life and opportunity. The city of angels is, like angels themselves, immortal, eternal, and unchanging. It’s lifeless, dead.
Victor cuts him off with a pat on the shoulder and a, “Yeah, sure.” He allows Cas to step back, and pulls the angel’s body out of the bushes. He makes quick work of marking him with the wards, then he and Dean throw the body back into the cover of the bushes
In just over an hour since Sam’s revelation, they have everything they need. Dean merely watches in awe as the four of them work together like a well-oiled machine.
“Why’s there two of you?” the boy asks, reaching out a tiny hand and placing his fingers, wet with suds, onto Dean’s cheek. Dean’s breath hitches at the touch, he recoils like he’s a toxic substance.
“How’d you know about this place?” Jo asks, running a hand down the wood of the doorframe into the kitchen.
“Good guess, but no. We will, in due time, but not us and not now. Kevin says that his piece of the tablet alludes to a way to seal every living demon in hell. We’d need the other half to do it, but we have no leads on that at present. What we
“Nah, angels aren’t so tough. Besides I got one batting for our team, so we’re good,” older Dean waves a hand and finishes the last of his whiskey. “Look, I don’t know why you’ve been sent here. When I got blasted to the future it was- the angels were trying to get me to change my mind about something. They wanted me to see how bad things would get if I didn’t do what they wanted.”
“We don’t have any relatives and we’re all out of friends,” Dean says, the grim reality of their limited options clouding over them. “Where the hell do you even go to hide from angels?”
“Oh,” Dean breathes out. If Cas is saying what he thinks he’s saying, then Cas… wanted him. Dean wonders when he wanted him. He doesn’t have to wonder for long.
“Oh, I didn’t say it was less dangerous,” Cas remarks cooly. “It’s just more possible. Trust me, even with the four of us, capturing a commander is not possible. Against an angel like that it’s kill or be killed, no room for third options. And in all likelihood it would be the latter.”
Castiel definitely doesn’t posses the willpower to resist, so he lets Dean pull him in close. There’s an immediate regret as Dean splutters at the feathers in his face. The two swap and Castiel brings Dean into his arms, holding him tight like he might slip through any moment.
The ‘middle-aged dad and a book fair’ comment swims in Dean’s mind. It wasn’t something Dean spent a lot of time carefully concocting; just the first thing that popped into his head. But all the pieces make sense to him; the homely, inviting, scholarly quality. He looks like a guy who uses his head more than his hands, like he wouldn’t look out of place with a ring on his finger and a family to go home to. He doesn’t look like he’s trying to impress anyone, or be anything he isn’t.
As his mind’s gears begin to shift and his surroundings come into focus, Dean is wrought into consciousness and the weight of another day ahead drags at his gut. He shifts his eyes over to his side, where cast in streaks of cool morning light Sam lies across the room, peacefully resting, chest still rising and falling gently at the steady rate of sleep.
Castiel is left alone for the night. He no longer sleeps at all, which gives him plenty of time to think. Not that it particularly achieves anything, Castiel’s thoughts running round in circles.
When Castiel was wrought back from the empty only three days ago now, he was clothed in his usual attire; the suit and trenchcoat ensemble that’d more or less become his entire identity.
“Right. ‘Cause he’s an asshole,” Dean remarks cooly, returning his attention to the literature selection.
For a good amount of time he had simply watched out of the corner of his eye as the man surveyed him from the shadows. As the man crept between the shelter of the trees, in the shallow cover of the brush. He watched his slow, measured movements as he skimmed between leaves and branches. For a good while he watched— it was the most interesting thing he’d seen in the months. At least since the eggs in one of the nearby trees whose development he’d been carefully monitoring had hatched, and he’d been able to watch the mother tend to her chicks every day until finally they took to the skies on their own, independent beings of their own will and way.
Castiel has a knife. It’s Dean’s hunting knife; the angels never removed it from his person following the trial. Not that they would have any need to; a simple steel blade poses no threat to an angel. Castiel wonders what threat it poses to him now. For a moment, his mind pressured and hazy, he just stares at it’s gleaming surface. The light doesn’t bounce off it cleanly like it does an angel blade, minuscule imperfections in the material’s surface deflecting and diffusing light in an uneven scatter. The edge is the cleanest part of it, smoothed down into a sharp, precise point. Castiel runs it against the pad of his left index finger. It stings; it’s a sharp spike of burning pain, that quickly decays into a dull feeling.
Dean shores himself up and then, before he can overthink it, pulls Castiel in for a kiss. It’s more than a peck, but it’s short, just a reassurance of intent, and a promise for more later on. “Meant that too.”
Sam looks down at his hands in his lap. He takes a slow breath in and a long exhale out. “It’s okay, Cas,” he says. He looks up to meet Castiel’s worried gaze. “Maybe I’m just not someone who can be saved. You tried, Dean tried. But it’s okay.”
Bobby nods. “Okay.” It would appear Bobby is as undecided as Castiel as to whether his life has any worth in its continuation. Castiel doesn’t take it personally; even this response is far more than he deserves. “Are you human now?”
Jack was sitting on the ground crying as Cas knelt by him looking up at Dean. “I could, but I’m not going to,” he stated.
“Dean, please,” Castiel jumps in again. “You and Sam should just get somewhere safe. That’s what matters.”
Stepping inside, the store is dimly lit and piled high on shelves along the walls, and tables separating the aisles, are a seemingly random assortment of items. There’s little rhyme or reason to the layout, aside from the very back where there’s some larger furniture items, and a bookshelf near the front window stacked up with old books with cracked spines and yellowing pages.
Castiel collects up the blades, promising to re-sharpen them after the abuse he’d put them through this afternoon. They head back inside and Castiel helps Bobby unpack. There’s food, and a lot more booze, but Castiel doesn’t comment.
Dean, as soon as he had placed the two bottles down on the table, leant down to plant a quick kiss on Cas’s lips. As he pulled away, the girls could see Cas smiling up at Dean, his gentle gaze soft and sincere, while Dean looked back at Cas like he was looking at the most precious thing he’d ever laid eyes on, which he was.
Dean slotted his hand in Cas’s and started towards the stairs, Cas trailing behind him. Dean turned back to Cas as they stood outside the closed master bedroom door.
For one impatient moment, there’s silence, and Castiel almost drops into darkness. But then there’s a faint shuffle, and then a louder shuffle, and the door swings open, and there stands Bobby Singer.
The following morning is an early one. Luckily being in a populated town they were all excused from watch, provided they all kept a weapon within arms reach while they slept, which Dean always does regardless.
Moving into a new place, starting a new life, for a while every morning was refreshing. Whatever feeling spring water ads were trying to convey, that’s what waking up felt like in that bed; Dean and Cas huddled together in those crisp sheets, fresh spring air drifting through the window, the sound of the rustling leaves and the chirping birds.
Azrael’s face turns from it’s flat baseline for the first time as he stares at Castiel with a mix of astonishment and disgust. “You?” Azrael spits in contempt.
“Yeah, that’s me,” Jo says, stumbling forward and raising a hand. “It’s great to be working with you, uh, sir. I’ve heard a lot about you, y’know, around.”
“Not even close,” Cas sighed, half distracted as he gazed lovingly over Sam’s shoulder at Dean laughing with little Jack. “We had make a trip back to the bunker halfway through; we forgot some stuff.”
Castiel doesn’t protest as he drops his first pick back in the bag and pulls the navy blue around his shoulders.
“No, I don’t know,” Sam rolls his eyes and slams his book shut. “Dude, why do you smell like a meadow?”
“No buts, I know you’re technically my superior officer but you’re no use to anyone if you fall asleep on the job.”
Dean sighs into his pillow, eyes closed and his brain begging for sleep, water, food and death all at once. He really doesn’t have it in him to argue, and whatever, the kid’s got a point. Saves him a trip anyhow. “Mm-hmm,” Dean groans into his pillow again. Sam gets the message and heads out.
Sam’s in the backseat before Dean gets a chance to warn Cas to keep his hands to himself, leaving his only available option a stern leading look, which Cas will inevitably ignore - the guy’s determined.
“I’m fine,” Castiel protests, attempting to push himself full upright, and failing miserable. Eventually he lets himself flop back down. There’s a painful sting that spreads through his entire body like a live wire as his back hits the cushion.
“Whatever.” Dean takes a sip of his beer in the hopes the cold liquid will cool down his face which has been rapidly heating up. “For the record, I haven’t lost yet.”
“It wasn’t,” Sam says with a grimace. “I had to get the strong stuff, I’ve been getting really bad headaches lately.”
“Why else would you keep coming back? I mean what could you possibly have to gain from this? You can’t possibly believe you have any hope of getting past me, and I could kill you as easily as breathe. Nothing could make a human take such an insane and stupid risk ad infinitum.”
Dean turns sharp. Cas stands there in the doorway in his pyjamas, his face confused but tinged with concern.
“No you’re not,” Bobby says. “Not really. ‘Cause as much as you wanna blame yourself, there’s a part o’ you that knows who you’re really mad at.”
Their faces are inches apart and they’re sharing oxygen as they breathe shallow. “Show me,” Castiel says, letting Dean close the distance between.
“I know. Eurgh. Now I get it with you, and that’s a whole different kind of weird,” Dean adds with a small grimace.
Cas sighs and presses his fingers to the bridge of his nose below the crinkle between his furrowed brows. “Alright,” he says, resigned. “I’ll grab some blankets for the couch.”
“Me and Cas are together now,” he rushes out. He whips a hand over for Cas to grab, which he does. “Romantically. We’re a couple.”
“Only thing that can kill an angel. And pretty much anything else for that matter. Notoriously hard to come by, so don’t lose them,” Victor warns, stern. His cautions fall on deaf ears as Jo takes one from the case and holds it gently in her hands, stroking its length with a stunned reverence. “You guys are pretty much here for extra muscle. We need people who can face up against an angel and maybe not die. Cas is here for that too, but he’s also our resident angel expert and second in command. You report to me first, then him.”
“I didn’t see him after they brought us to the citadel. But the angels told me they— they executed him. Too.”
Cas’ hair is still wet from the shower and he’s missing his top layer, walking about in only a black t-shirt and jeans. “Do you mind?” Cas gestures to Dean’s bag open on his bed with one hand, while the other rubs a towel over his hair.
“I know you and Cas are not really a couple,” Sam states. “I literally never thought that you were.”
Dean’s been waiting for; a chance to make a real difference, to end this war, to find peace. And to kick some angel and demon ass along the way.
“Thanks, angel,” older Dean smiles, placing a hand on Cas’ side and pressing a kiss to the side of his mouth, leading Dean to finally avert his gaze.
Once he’s cleaned himself up, Dean tosses the washcloth onto the floor, too exhausted and mind too lost in a swirling sea of bliss to care. He crawls into Cas’ arms and sighs, his head heavy and inviting him to drift off there. Only he doesn’t want to, preferring to be here, in this moment.
if he’s married, I couldn’t see a wedding ring from where I was sitting, but I was pretty far away.”
Every movement his older self makes seems deliberate, so relaxed, it’s hard to believe it’s really him. He’d never really believed the idea that people just naturally come into themselves as they get older. It always seemed like the same lies people would tell you about high school being the best years of your life, or that everybody finds love in their 20s. But then, Dean was here looking at living proof that one day that tension in his shoulders would melt away, that fear that accompanied every decision would disappear. Or maybe he just learned how to fake it.
They walk back to the house in silence. When they enter, Cas seems to have recovered his wits and is sitting at the table with a glass of water. His hands are clean, but his clothes are stained in deep red. As soon as he catches sight of him, Dean’s chest heats up in an indignant rage.
The angel looks around, frantically as Victor, Dean, and Jo emerge from the shadows. “What?” he breathes in panic, eyes blown wide in horror.
His thoughts are all of Sam, of the hope of seeing him fit and healthy once more. It’s hope he’d dashed for such a long time, even as he worked tirelessly to bring it to fruition. A part of him had believed it would never come. After all how could he, failure as he is, possibly succeed in something such a gargantuan task? Looking after Sam has always been the one thing he could look back on and be proud of so it had only felt right that it too would fall apart in his hands one day.
Once the three were fed, showered, and dressed, they’d convened in the back yard. Cas knelt on the grass beside his flowerbeds, planting some lavender as he’d heard it was a favourite of the bees. Jack was there beside him, passing over tools and shovelling soil over the bulbs with his bare hands instead of the trough Cas had given him.
“Yes, for three hundred dollars,” Cas says with a grin. Dean opens his mouth to protest but Cas cuts him off. “Sam’s coming back.”
Cas sighs and stands from the table, placing a warm hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I’d like to go to bed, if that’s alright,” he says. “Like I said, I won’t force you to stay, but if you do, there’ll be coffee waiting for you in the morning.”
“Okay, I thought so,” Dean nods, solemn, but not quite sad. “I mean he’d have to be for any of this to happen, for either us to… be ourselves.” Dean instantly grimaces at his own words, still thankful he hadn’t said the first thing that had come to mind, which was
Cas’ eyes widen. “Um,” he pauses between sips of his drink, which he does genuinely seem to be enjoying. “I- I have to confess something Dean,” Cas says.
Dean is glued to the spot, standing there in the empty entranceway. Sure, Dean hadn’t been sure what he expected, but this is so much further afield from anything he could have ever pictured.
“Okay, sap,” Dean scoffs. He kisses Cas, because he wants to and because he can. And Cas kisses him back, because he wants to as well. There’s no reason to pull away, so he doesn’t, he just keeps kissing Cas and Cas keeps kissing back. There’s nowhere to be but here and it’s good.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and looks away, Bobby’s expectant gaze overwhelming him. “I’m sorry,” Castiel manages to get out. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. It’s— it’s all my fault.” Castiel doesn’t realise he’s crying until the first tears makes its way over his cheek and down to his chin.
The early autumn brings with it also drizzling showers, filling the air with damp and dusting all their clothes with tiny raindrops, not quite absorbing into the fibres, but sitting atop. The air hangs heavy with moisture, the dirt on its way to turning into mud.
“I mean, not to be judgemental,” Sara added. “But how do you know he’s not like a typical misogynistic macho type?”
“Woah, hold on,” Sam holds a hand out to stop Cas as he starts for the door. He presses his lips together and sighs, his brother’s weird fetish be damned. “If you don’t wanna wear Dean’s stuff we can get you something else to wear.”
“Go ahead.” Dean slides the bag over to Cas letting him rummage through. He pulls out a purple plaid shirt. “No, no, hold on,” Dean dips into the bag himself and pulls out a plain navy blue. “This one. Suits you better.”
In other ways, he’s lost everything. He’s lost his identity, his power, his faith, and his purpose. And he lost the first and only thing he’s truly cared for in all his millennia-long life.
“Noted,” Dean nods. He surveys the angel before him— his posture is proper; poised and firm; but his face is soft even as it’s screwed up in indignation. “Well, uh—” The angel’s gaze in unflinching and simultaneously transfixing and terrifying. “As you were.” With a backwards step and a slight stumble, Dean retreats back into the trees, all the while Castiel watching him leave.
Everything in Dean tightens up. He feels as though his throat’s about to close completely. He hadn’t thought about what Bobby would think. Or his dad, but that’s a much deeper and much darker can of worms. Jody says Bobby would be proud. Dean thinks she’s probably right, if it were real anyway.
“I can heal you now, if that’s an acceptable amount of contact,” Cas says as he enters, dropping Dean’s duffel, which he had carried in from the car, onto the bed.
Cas turned his head sharply back to her, he tried to reach out but in a second of blinding white he was gone.
“No. Tell you that I-” The words stop dead at Dean’s throat and his breath catches. He watches as Castiel’s eyes widen, his lips parted in shock and understanding. Dean’s heart pounds against bars of its cage. He didn’t say it all, but he said enough.
As the three of them file out the back door, Dean could swear he notices a little exchange of looks, of meaningful nods, between Bobby and Castiel, but he doesn’t remark upon it.
With that the older Dean is gone. Cas sighs, sending a look of pity Dean’s way before following suit. Dean sits there at the table for a moment longer. So his older self hates him. Well that’s something they do have in common.
There’s a gentle rap at the door that snaps Cas back into reality. He turns his head but simply stares at the closed door in silence. Eventually the knocker loses patience and pushes the door open, slowly peeking a head round.
As the older Dean shifts his gaze to Cas, his expression softens and he looks almost sad. He shifts his hand to take Cas’ in his. Dean looks on, the two are silent, but he can tell that there’s a wordless exchange going on that he’s not privy too.
“No way in hell,” Bobby protests, firm. “I know— I knew those boys better than anyone, and they’d never wish that on anybody they cared about. I mean, the two of them were notoriously self-sacrificial bastards— I can see why you got along.” Castiel is silent. Bobby adds, “The angels wanted to punish you by letting you live. And yeah, I get it, life can be a bitch a lot of the damn time. But, and I don’t mean to sound like some sentimental novel, there’s a lotta good to be found in it too. Don’t you think it would really stick it to those bastards if you went out and found it?”
“Ah, so says the layman. It’s important for a warrior to know the shape, feel, and weight of their weapon,” Castiel places a hand around Deans and begins to work with him to twirl the blade around. “To be able to control it with as much precision as if it were an extension of their own body.” Dean can feel the stubble on Castiel’s cheek against his own. “For angels, it’s literal. Our blades are a physical manifestation of our grace; what you’re holding right now is a part of me—”
If only Cas could believe him, if only it mattered whether or not he did. Cas looks into Efram’s frightened eyes, sees his quivering lip and hears his sharp and shallow breaths, and can only feel sorry. “I’m so sorry, brother,” he says, and he means it, sincerely.
“My son,” Cas answered as a matter of fact. “Well technically he’s Lucifer’s nephilim that I suppose I adopted.”
When Dean awakes he finds himself alone. That’s not unusual for him, but it always seems somewhat uncomfortable waking up alone when you didn’t fall asleep that way. He trudges downstairs to find Jody in the kitchen alone.
“Do I?” Dean asks, looking over at his hand without pulling it out of Cas’ grasp, and spotting the small gash. God knows how he hadn’t felt that. “You gunna heal it? Or anything else? I’m suffering here.”
Sam sucks in a sharp breath and settles. After a moment he looks up at his brother. “Dean,” he says.
The angel freezes with an expression of disbelief. At what, Dean has no idea— and  Dean figures that attempting to read the intricacies of angelic emotion is far beyond him.
Dean stops fiddling with his bedclothes and stands up straight to address Castiel. “Hey, no,” he says, soft. “How many time do I gotta say this? You saved Sam’s life. And you know, maybe if you hadn’t come along, who knows, maybe I woulda got desperate enough to make a deal. So, Cas,
Castiel is careful all the way to Bobby’s. He takes the same back roads he had taken before, if anything to avoid terrifying the civilian populations with his bloody, beaten appearance.
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s not worth it to shove him off. There’s no need for Cas to be pushing right this second since there’s nobody else around. But then, that significantly lessens the itch to protest as well. So Dean continues preparing breakfast, dragging Cas along behind him like a human-, or angel-shaped cape.
“So,” Victor starts, clearing his throat. “We’re gunna be working together again. I’m looking forward to it.” He turns to Jo. “And looking forward to working with you too.”
Dean blinks as his eyes adjust to the daylight streaming in through the open doorway. Standing there, backlit by the morning sun, is the unmistakable face of Victor Henrickson. He’s smiling a crooked smile and leaning in a confident stance against the doorframe. “Can’t say the same for you if you’re up at the crack o’ dawn,” Dean quips back.
Cas frowns and makes a ‘one-minute’ gesture to Sam. He gets up and drags Dean up by the hand. “Come outside for a minute,” he says in a flat tone. He doesn’t tug Dean, but he easily could. Dean sighs and rolls his shoulders back in annoyance, but follows anyway. Cas leads him by the hand out to the back of the diner. Dean slumps against the back wall with Cas opposite him.
“Dude, you went up against an angel today, quit arguing and take the fucking bed,” Dean insists, his kind words delivered with spite.
Sam seems happy too, he’s laughing and joking and teasing again, which naturally is the best thing Dean’s seen in ages, even if he has to put up with his the full brunt of his brother’s sass once again. Sam and Castiel seem to get on, mostly by being on the same kind of weird nerd wavelength; Sam has a billion questions and Castiel apparently has all the answers— like,
“No, no, a personal one. Dean?” Sam stares expectantly at his brother, watching him stew uncomfortably under the attention.
That’s the thought Castiel lingers on while the night hours tick on through. A few hours after the new day dawns, the cyclical pattern of thinking is interrupted by Bobby knocking at the door. Castiel lifts his head, but doesn’t answer. So Bobby knocks again. When he gets no response, he enters anyway.
Castiel remains baffled. He’d never considered himself a rebel of any sort, more so a defective piece in an otherwise well organised machine. He supposes he could see how Dean might make the comparison considering the characters in all the novels who stand up as a single voice against an unjust authority. However, that assumes that the authority is indeed unjust, and how can the host of heaven be unjust when they are the ones who determine what constitutes justice in the first place? Then Castiel’s opposition is not noble, it is at best misguided, and at worst it places him alongside the abomination, Lucifer.
“Hey Cas, come here I’m meeting the neighbours,” Dean beckoned Cas closer and placed an arm around his waist. “This is Carol from next-door.”
Castiel is up and about before Dean the following morning. Far from him not to be a considerate housemate, he quickly busies himself in the kitchen preparing some breakfast for himself and Dean, whom he expects to be up any minute.
“Not losing,” he mumbles, starting to realise that the wine he’s drunk has affected him more than he thought. Who would have thought a girl’s drink had such high alcohol content. “’S nice,” he adds quietly.
“No, I really don’t. I think- if you want, we can just be ourselves this evening,” Cas says, taking another small sip of his drink and making a small comment to himself about how it’s ‘surprisingly enjoyable’. “Of course the rules still apply, and if anyone asks-”
“Just… with how long this place has been abandoned I— I was just thinking…” Jo trails off, most likely catching Cas’ fearful and panicked expression and realising her folly. “Never mind, it doesn’t matter.”
Sam sits frozen in place, brows furrowed and lips slightly parted as though poised for words that never come. “You went to the angels for help? You?” Sam pauses. His tone is more of surprise than disappointment. “What did they say?”
“I mean, Cas wears one shirt, washes it, gives it back, then you wear that same shirt,” Sam says, fingers pointing along an invisible line of cause to effect. “Considering the amount of stuff you own- I don’t know it seems like something you’d have to do deliberately.”
Dean heads to the stove to dish some soup into a bowl. He notes a large bottle of the headache tonic sitting on the countertop. “Jeez, Sam, how much of this stuff did you get? Can’t have been cheap.”
,” he says with emphasis. “Not that I got anything against the suit and trenchcoat, but you’re a human now, you gotta join us down here in the muck, be a little bit more like normal a dude, down-to-earth.”
“We need someone on watch tonight,” Victor says, re-entering the room after having a quick wash in the bathroom (which doesn’t have any hot water, Dean asked). “Cas can I assume you’re volunteering.”
“Yeah, I never do,” Sam says. Dean shrugs, not caring to protest that blatant lie, and makes his way out.
“Oh sure, new-age mommy blogs where they tell you that kale milk is the best alternative to cow’s milk, because regular milk will kill your kid.” Dean mocked. “I could handle this stuff when I was eight years old, I’ll manage. Besides, I’ve got Cas now, and he’s the most responsible, sensible guy here.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, quiet. “It’s cool of you to, you know, be gay and not ashamed or whatever. Makes me look kinda pathetic that I freaked out over just pretending.”
“You know what, fuck it, I could do with a laugh,” Dean says, putting his burger down as they get to business. “So what is it then, the highest stakes game of ‘gay chicken’ ever?”
Just a man, ‘nobody’, or so he says. Yet in just a few fleeting encounters his effect on Castiel has been profound. It’s not that Castiel has never questioned his duties before— he’s been reprimanded many a time for hesitation, and deviation from orders. Yet in all that time his choices had never lead him so close to failure, to death.
“Oh, uh, I got lost,” Dean says, as firm as he can, heart racing as he spies the angel’s free hand perched at the hilt of his sheathed blade.
Dean turns to follow Cas’ eye-line, and lo and behold there’s Sam pulling into the parking lot. “Fuck. Shit.” Dean raises a hand in a signal wave. Cas smiles and waves too.
Cas runs his hands down his face and lets out a lengthy exhale, letting go of his lingering thoughts and pasting on his brave face. “Yes,” he replies, pushing himself up, checking for his blade as he always does, and heading out of the tent.
Victor twists his mouth. “Hmm, nah. We’ve had them on it since we first got wind of this and so far they got nothing. It’s all good, I’ll talk to Cas later and we’ll figure out our next steps.”
The heat and panic building in Cas’ chest reaches un uncomfortable peak. “Not anymore.” He looks up at Dean’s face, watching him expectantly with wide eyes and softly parted lips and he just can’t. “Excuse me.” Cas shoots up, leaving his empty plate and heading into the cold, dark living room and closing the door behind him.
Dean does not sleep soundly that night. In fact, he hardly sleeps at all. Even when he manages to wrench his thoughts away from Castiel, he only ends up back on the subject eventually. He thinks of Azrael, ruminates on how he had looked at him, studied his face like it was a puzzle. How he had said there was something ‘different’ about him. It’s hardly much of a leap to say that Azrael had been suspicious, probably followed him, probably reported on Castiel.
Dean was sure he didn’t need any help when they left the house. It turns out hauling heavy baggage through stifling heat that seems oppressively viscous as you move through it is slightly more taxing than he had anticipated. That said, he’s certain he doesn’t want any help from
“If I’d known you wanted to wake up next to me, I certainly would have stayed in bed,” he says, practically growling in Dean’s ear. Dean fumbles the whisk and almost sends the bowl flying. “You seem uncomfortable?”
Dean feels a tug on his hand as Cas pauses in front of a display of potted plants. Knowingly, Dean shoots Cas a weary look. “Which one?”
Cas swallows and tightens his jaw. Every step he’s taken closer to the citadel he steps further into the muck of his past. His legs had barely wanted to move, as if moving through viscous liquid with every step. But here he is now, and the questions have started coming.
“Trust me, they don’t,” Cas stresses. His attention shifts back to the rest of the group. “If they did we never would have heard about it, they would have buried it and its existence so deep no one would ever find it again.” Cas sounds a little bit more commanding now with his voice steady and assured.
stupid. Pastor Jim came by, said he saw you leaving town. Plus, you took dad’s knife with you and you were gone for hours,” Sam snaps, leaning forward but remaining seated. “What was it this time? Witch? Shaman? Don’t tell me— not a demon,
on duty. Right here and now, there’s a man in front of him with green eyes sparkling in the twilight and a smile that draws him in and makes Castiel forget himself and he could say no, easily, but he really doesn’t want to actually.
The next morning dawns not in streaks of glorious golden sunlight peaking over the horizon, but instead with a slow rise from black into grey. Dean awakes to the low pitter patter of the rain outside the cave.
Sam’s never too happy, though, because Dean always finds an excuse not to buy anything he asks for. It’s always “Sorry, Sam, forgot to take a list”  or “Sorry, Sam, there’s no reception in the store I didn’t see your text ’til I left”. Sam could be petty about it, but instead he goes round and makes the effort to ask if anyone wants anything before he heads out. He goes to find Dean to make a big song and dance of how courteous he’s being, but when he gets to his room he instead finds Cas standing in front of the wardrobe with a puzzled expression on his face.
He leaves Victor to assemble all their supplies before they’re due to head out, while Cas sits, a million thoughts swimming in his head, swirling and crashing like tempestuous waves. Victor doesn’t ask what’s wrong; these kinds of episodes are not unusual for Cas— former angels may not dream but apparently they are tormented by visions and flashbacks during their endless waking hours.
Dean’s face dropped into a weary expression, though really he was always humoured by Cas’s snide remarks.
Cas tried desperately to hide his flustered blushing, Dean enjoying watching him fail miserably. Dean took the apron from Cas’s hand and held it up in front of him, looking it over.
“I actually invited you out… as your friend,” he says, looking genuinely guilty. “I- Sam told me you were in a bad mood this morning.”
Dean folds it over, concealing the bloody smear and heads for the laundry room. The lights in there are bright, disorienting to the senses like a 24hour superstore where night is day and day is something else entirely. Under the harsh white light the mark is a deep scarlet.
“If we’re really gunna die, I should probably tell you that I told Sarah Cole that I would go out with her if she went to the dance with you and that’s why she asked you.”
“Wow, uh, awesome,” she says. “What’s it like going up against an angel? I mean, what should I expect?”
When Castiel hears the telltale rustle of leaves in the brush, he catches his breath, fighting back a smile. As much as possible, he maintains the cool exterior of a dedicated sentry, giving Dean the room to try whatever hare-brained scheme he’s cooked up for today.
“Wow,” Sam says, slow and patronising. “That is amazing. You know I’ve been buying fabric softfener ever since we moved in here, right? You just never use it.”
“Just release it near to your brother, it obeys my will and I have willed it to heal him,” Castiel explains. He reaches out to grab Dean’s forearm, making a harsh line of eye-contact. “I did not help you. Do you understand?”
They don’t travel far in the dark, stopping on a forest path just a few towns over. Down a less travelled path they find a small cabin. Dean knows better than to ask who this place belonged to, opting to leave these ghosts undisturbed.
And then there were the other patients. Even as he mellowed out, his own guilt and anguish warping the ghoulish visions of Lucifer into a kind of desperate passivity, the other patients had been put off by him. They avoided him, talked about him when they believed him to be out of earshot. They didn’t like to talk to him. Even among those who would be the last to call themselves ‘normal’, Cas was too far gone, too other. And so when one particular patient had turned hating Cas into a spectator sport for the other patients, Meg yet again offered her support. But Castiel, in his fierce aversion to conflict, particularly in service of him as if that hadn’t caused enough pain, had said,
Sam is also expressing regret through a facial expression that is a Frankenstein’s monster of shock, horror, disgust and an unidentifiable fourth thing. “I take back all my words of congratulations. I’m not happy for you anymore. Please stop.”
The words feel like tar in Castiel’s throat. Even the thought, the very notion of a purely selfish want is so alien to an angel it feels like blasphemy to even consider it. But even still, the thought is there, lingering in the back of his mind always. Castiel knows what he wants, that’s never been the problem.
There are bruises on Dean’s body that are gunna be paying him back for a good few days, he reckons. At least the one thing this place has going for it is a steady supply of booze. If there’s one thing you can apparently always get in a crummy Men of Letters camp, it’s beer. He usually misses out on the hard liquor— the commanders always get first dibs and unless your own squad leader is particularly generous there’s never any left for the plebs. What a bunch of stingy alcoholics.
different,” Castiel presses, turning his body towards Dean to look him in the eyes. Hoping, in his muddled mind, that his closeness and eye-contact conveys his sincerity. “Spending time with you isn’t frivolous.”
“Sam,” Dean placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I know you worry about the kid, I know you miss him. But me and Cas, we got this. And just watch, Sammy, when you and Eileen finally have a kid of your own and me and Cas are already pros, we’ll be the ones giving you advice.”
Uriel shakes his head. “No. For now we’re taking precautionary measures to monitor the situation. While this post of yours is mostly inactive, we’d like you to keep an eye out as always.”
Cas pulls away and sits up, running a hand down Dean’s chest. He pauses there, taking him in, with Dean looking up at him doing the same. “You’re beautiful like this,” Cas says, his voice sounding one part gentle and earnest, one part devilish and hungry. Cas’ hand ghosts around Dean’s upper thigh, and area Dean
Green tea had become a favourite of his; it was simple enough not to upset his sensitive taste buds, while still having a delightful warmth and aroma that made its consumption worthwhile. Dean teased him for this too, though that was mostly a case of Dean still being stuck in his ways of masculine posturing-
Curled up in a corner with his knees to his chest is Sam. His face is despondent and empty, his eyes fixed on the barred window, searching the view outside.
Cas removes his hand from Dean’s thigh as he takes the tape from Sam. Sam spots the hand placement, but says nothing, settling back in his seat with raised eyebrows.
But the guards at his sides push him down on his front and hold him there. He squirms in panicked confusion, but they’re holding him tight. Turning to the side he can see Dean’s face, his protests and his furrowed brows, but all goes silent. He can’t even hear his own screams as he feels the blade at his back, not plunging into his heart, but instead slicing, hacking, at the join between back and wing.
“Lookin’ good, Cas,” Dean notes with a whistle, turning back to check on his eggs, popping and sizzling in the hot oil. He does look good, the cool colour palette is flattering for Cas, and he looks good, he looks
Castiel says it so calmly, so matter-of-fact but Dean’s heart breaks for him, for this miserable existence that is all he thinks he deserves. “So… after all that time trapped at that fucking wall, you get out just to end up trapped in some fucking cave somewhere?” Dean throws his head back, as if gravity could keep the emotion down. “You should have just fucking killed me the first time you ever saw me. Woulda been better off.”
“Do not say that,” the older Dean warns with a pointed finger. “Seriously, weirds me out. Gives me fucked up déjà vu.”
“Cool.” Dean nods, tapping his fingers nervously on the side of his mug. “So how is Sam? I’m surprised he’s down to help, isn’t he, like, a lawyer now or something?”
Cas tilted his head, recalling his time with Meg in the hospital as she helped him through his borrowed trauma. There were times, towards the beginning, that were hazy even for Castiel, as the fading visions of Lucifer hanging over from Sam’s mind still blurred his senses to the world around him. Those times were particularly difficult, not just for him, but for Meg as well, as she would often have to fight him in all his angelic strength just to get him to settle down and be still. They were also times when she was the only person in his corner, as Sam and Dean had left him there to deal with the fallout of his actions, and the medical staff were at a loss and frankly fearful of his outbursts. If it weren’t for Meg’s staunch advocacy, he certainly would have been carted off somewhere, god knows where.
Dean isn’t even sure why he walked in there. His mind told him to head to the garage to get under Baby as soon as was humanly possible, but his legs apparently have a mind of their own, transporting him to the room where he’s most likely to find civilisation. Meaning most likely to find Cas, he supposes, for a second before he banishes the thought.
The air is a little cooler now as the season shifts gracefully into early autumn, and the forest floor is beginning to take on the beginnings of its leaf-carpet, though they haven’t yet taken on that satisfying crunch. As Dean approaches the end of his self-made path, he slows, wary of the fact that Castiel may not be alone anymore. He lurks as far back as he can, further back than any time Castiel had spotted him previously (in that sense he’s lucky to have had the opportunity for ample practice). He can see the Castiel’s lone figure in front of the blank white backdrop of the stone wall, so he approaches.
They slip into bed and lie there, Cas’ head in the crook of Dean’s neck. They lie there, Dean gazing up at the ceiling in the dark as if it’s an inky black sky.
Except for Dean Winchester, and his better half Castiel, who had been up since the sun first began to peek over the horizon, packing, stacking and taping boxes in the bunker. Several chaotic and disorganised hours later, all was packed and prepped, and here they were; home. They’d seen it before of course, but this was the first time seeing that house become their
“We’ll run through all this again in more detail and make preparations tomorrow morning. For now, are there any questions?”
Dean snorts. Jo’s too observant for her own good and she knows Dean far too well. He can scoff and dismiss her all he wants, but he’s lucky to have her here with him really, as much as Ellen dismayed at her decision to follow him into the Men of Letters. If it weren’t for Jo being around to pick him up, Dean can’t be sure he wouldn’t have packed up years ago. There are only so many kids you can watch die, so many people whose deaths you can shoulder responsibility for before you go insane. Maybe he is a little jealous of this Cas guy, ‘cause at least he seems to get results.
“It was alright.” Dean sits down at the table carrying the orange juice carton from the fridge. He then proceeds to back it all straight from the carton.
Dean gets up, sweeping his jacket off the back of his chair. “You never stopped being a kid to me, man. ‘Sides, I’m your big brother, it’s my job to look after you.” Sam rolls his eyes, but doesn’t object. “Except tonight; I’ll be back late, don’t wait up.”
There’s a record-scratch moment in Dean’s head. He sits upright and watches Cas, who’s looking down at his hands in his lap. “Cas, what?” Cas doesn’t say anything, it’s not much of a question anyway. So Dean tries again. “I mean, that’s cool, I just had
Cas nods slowly, his smile still sly and mischievous. “Okay,” he says, tapping his fingers on the table, nonchalant. After a few more minutes where Dean avoids continuing the conversation by checking his messages from Sam, Lucy returns with their food. “Thank you,” Castiel says with a smile. “Oh, and I just wanted to say, we
The whole situation is rather unfortunate, at least from Cas’ perspective. There are several hours to kill and a whole heap of nervous energy poisoning every second. Despite his reputation for being aloof, Cas actually prides himself on being a kind and attentive commander. Those who have worked with him know that, it’s just that not many people have actually worked with him. In a situation like these, he’d usually be quick to jump in a reassure his teammates. Today he is no state to reassure anybody of anything, since he’s brimming with the same level of anxiety, only for a very different reason.
Not a word is exchanged between the brothers as Dean immediately turns to leave without taking so much as three steps into the room.
A female angel steps forward, stony faced with a stiff and formal poise. “So the rumours are true,” the angel says, addressing Castiel with a pretentious condescension. “The once righteous Castiel. How you have fallen.” She passes a scornful eye over the Winchesters. “And for humans such as these. I’m disappointed.”
Dean finds him bedroom empty when he returns from the shower. He’s not sure exactly what he expected or wanted, but his stomach drops nonetheless. He looks over at his bed. As nice as it would be to be unconscious right now, Dean knows he won’t have much luck in that regard, so he makes for the kitchen instead, opting for a night cap to help put him under.
Dean laughs, an honest laugh, as he allows himself to be taken away from his own romantic woes. “Atta boy, Sammy.”
“This area is restricted; it’s off limits to humans,” the angel says. The angel keeps a startlingly solid eye-contact throughout. It almost makes Dean itch, desperate to look away, yet paralysed by fear. “The punishment for trespass is death.”
Yet in just one movement, just the snap of a twig, it became unavoidable. Castiel snapped his mind back to his duty, knowing all that which it entailed. But then, as the cold metal of the man’s blade had struck him, he had fought back a smile. He had coveted the sensation of its sharpness, the energy and momentum of the blow.
“Dean Winchester,” the first, a tall brunette man with silvery wings says. “The man who turned the head of an angel. I expected more.”
He begins to take shorter, quieter breaths as, for the first time, he feels the weight of real danger. He eschews all his racing thoughts and anxieties for the moment and focuses on taking slow, gentle steps back into the thicket. As soon as he feels he is a safe distance away, he hightails it back to town without a second glance.
“You should start believing, Dean,” Cas said, his other hand placed gently over Dean’s. “Good things do happen.”
Yet when he looks upon the gate yet again, Castiel is gone; the gate is unguarded. Dean’s eyes widen as he slips through the foliage only to spy in the corner of his eye— the overwhelming shadow of black wings beside him, blacking out what little light filters through the canopy.
“Perhaps a few thousand years of angel training and you’d be fit to serve in the garrison,” he teases.
“Yes, most likely,” Castiel says, completely resigned. “They’d probably stop actively hunting me eventually, but there’d likely be a kill-on-sight order on me for the rest of eternity.”
“So, uh, Garth, what’s this all about?” Dean asks, leg bouncing in anticipation to get out of here before all the beer is gone.
Dean’s movements are slow and measured, he daren’t rustle even a single leaf or he’s made— and an angel would never be so flippant as to write off a potential threat. No, angels are precise, unfeeling and always deadly. In normal circumstances they’re not worth the risk.
It’s the afternoon when Sam finally comes to. Dean, sat on his own bed opposite Sam’s, springs to action in an instant. Sam groans groggily, bringing a hand to his face, shielding himself from the daylight.
“Seraph Castiel,” the angel at the centre of the bench, Naomi, addresses Castiel. As an angel Castiel can match the face to a name, but her position, her rank, elude him. Whoever she is, she is important enough to be shrouded from the common knowledge of even Castiel. “Former commander of the sixteenth angelic command, former watcher of the north-north-western gate. Do you accept this statement of identity presented before the court?”
“Hell yeah, I’m game if you are,” Dean responds, placing a hand to Castiel’s arm and moving it in a subtle rubbing motion.
The burning smell that accompanies a banishment has long-faded, but there’s an unpleasant static lingering in the air. Perhaps it’s the remnants of the wingbeats of a few dozen angels, crashing down on this place. Or it could just be the feeling of unwelcome, of guilt and anger and grief that overwhelms Castiel as the tight walls close in on him. The feeling builds up exponentially until it beats upon Castiel’s head like a hammer on anvil, like fire licking at his skin and direct sunlight searing through his mind.
“Awesome,” Victor says, stretching. “Then for tonight we can eat and sleep. We gotta have somebody on watch at night due to our location. Lucky for you guys, Cas has volunteered.”
The cynic in Dean wants to say that he expected this. One night was never going to change anything, no matter how amazing it was or how much it meant to them both. Castiel said it himself; angels are constant; once an angel, always an angel, and there’s no choice in the matter. This feeling, this sinking misery, it’s just what you get when you fall for an angel who can never fall for you.
The two were alerted by the familiar rumble of the Impala (driven over by Sam much to Dean’s chagrin as he and Cas had driven over the night before in the U-Haul) to Sam’s arrival. Dean stepped out onto the front path as Sam pulled into the drive. Sam clambered out the front seat and greeted Dean with a quick hug.
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” older Dean says, stepping back. “And definitely don’t do anything I
Cas brushes his thumb over Dean’s jaw, leaning down to kiss his lips, quick and gentle. “Of course.”
“No. Well, yes, a little. It was when you pulled your hand away. I never know with you Dean, how close you want me,” Cas says, frustration evident in his voice. “When we’re alone you don’t have a problem with me touching you or being near you, but as soon as someone can see it, you shove me away. You’ll be resting your head on my shoulder one minute, then Sam walks in the room and you’re three feet away. It’s confusing, Dean. It’s
“Nah.” Dean waves a hand in dismissal. “It doesn’t matter, I wouldn’t have left you here alone anyway. That’s rude. ‘Sides, we’re having fun.”
Castiel catches Dean’s staring and leans forward, inviting. Dean’s not one to turn down an open invitation, and leans in to meet him. Castiel’s lips are soft and sweet and tangy with the hint of the berries left behind. Dean shuffles back, pulling Castiel along with him, pressing his back into the sturdy trunk of Castiel’s oak tree.
The angel does not retaliate, or even flinch. He would appear as sturdy as rock, though the knife definitely cut through something soft. Dean’s face drops, his head lifting slowly to meet the eyes of the angel looking back at him with expression unreadable.
For the next few days Castiel is antsy. Now every motion could just as easily be Uriel as it could be Dean, or God forbid, both at once. When he his attention is grabbed by movement in the trees Castiel can only wait, anxious, for today’s caller to reveal themselves.
Dean doesn’t sleep particularly well that night. He doesn’t sleep that well a fair few nights, so it’s nothing out of the ordinary, but it does fuck up his morning when he finally wakes up proper and really feels the effects of waking up every hour panicked and sweating. He can’t remember exactly what he’d been dreaming about, the visions slipping away as his eyes adjusted to the dark of his room.
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Dean,” Jo says, exasperated. “We’re not here to be main characters, you know? And we’re not here for our interrogation skills either. Yeah, I woulda preferred to be in the room, but you know, I trust Cas, so like Victor I’m gunna back his play.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean trudged over and handed Jack over to Cas, whose arms were already outstretched ready to take Jack and smother him with kisses.
“Live at a- what does that even mean? Shut up.” Dean’s attention turns to his breakfast. “Hey can you pass a-” Cas sloppily drops a knife and fork onto the counter beside Dean’s plate. Dean bites his tongue on any further remarks as he carries his plate over to the table. The two eat in silence aside from the soft tick-tock of the clock on the wall counting up the seconds since the last word.
“Woah, woah,” he says, his voice faltering into a higher pitch than he would like, hardly able to match the other Dean’s gravelly tones.
At best, considering his (partially earned) reputation in town, it’s likely that many would simply assume Sam’s sickness was all a part of some scam to get free stuff. At worst, people would be
“You guys are so sweet,” Sam says, voice strained and face forced into a smiling grimace as he tries to make himself to believe it. “Can we go though? Are you guys ready?”
Castiel is quietly preparing himself a cup of coffee when Dean finds him. He’s still in his night clothes; one of Dean’s old t-shirts and some plain pyjama bottoms. He looks so remarkably human; tousled bedhead, a little excess stubble, a tired look in his eyes and the weight of sleep still hanging on his shoulders.
Dean is visibly taken aback. Castiel wonders how often Dean really forgets that he is, in fact, an angel. The wings are a constant reminder, of course, but there’s a look in Dean’s eye whenever Castiel takes a strong stance, a combination of fear and awe. It’s nothing like the soft and jovial looks Dean usually gives him. It’s as though Dean sees him as two separate entities, unable to truly consolidate the two, to see all of Castiel in his humanity and in his grace.
“Sam?” Dean asks, groggy, holding his heavy head as the headache slowly fades. “What happened? Where are we?”
Dean slams bread over bread, enclosing the smoked meats between. His first instinct is to lie, to bury yet another failure, but the disappointment in Sam’s eye burrows into him. Any lie he might devise is at this point worse than the truth. “I went to the citadel.”
“I feel so special,” Dean scoffs, still smiling. He looks over to meet Cas’ gaze. It’s warm and friendly, just like it always is. And Dean doesn’t shy away from it, sure he’s probably giving an equally soft look in return. Oh well. “Alright, I gotta get some shut-eye,” Dean says, gently shrugging Cas’ hands off of him, not with any irritation or immediacy.
still recovering. Though he may seem happy and fit and healthy, he’s been sleeping crazy hours and been pretty weary at times. So, as much as it begrudges him to leave, Dean starts to pack up their things.
“I had a dream last night.” Cas’s excitement didn’t really come across in his tone as, just as a human would be first thing in the morning, he was still ‘booting up’ so to speak.
Dean would usually be all over this. He thinks. Even though he really can’t remember the last time he actually hooked up with someone. Not that he doesn’t get hit on like this a fair bit. He can’t even be sure what usually goes wrong between this stage and getting to bed. It doesn’t matter right now, though, because Dean glances over to his table where Cas is twiddling his thumbs waiting for him.
“Oh, hey, by the way,” Sam calls, catching Dean before he goes. “Eileen’s coming over later. We were gunna go out but our reservation got cancelled. Family dinner?”
“It’s not just that,” Dean explains, licking his bottom lip as his eyes dart in Cas’ direction for a moment. “It’s also, you know, the bar, the not hunting, the- the kid. It’s everything, man. I’m an open-minded guy, you know; time travel? Sure. Angels? Might need some proof on that one, but after time travel? Okay, sure. And yeah, maybe there’s a universe out there where I’m… where I’m
The group nod and begin their trek through the dense thicket. It’s an overgrown mess, wild and untempered. There are no paths here, not even those made out by frequent hikers, instead forcing Cas in the lead to be constantly pushing and cutting back branches and weeds.
At this point Dean isn’t embarrassed or flustered, he’s just tired. Announcing the same thing over and over no matter how you feel about said thing gets boring real quick. “Yeah, it’s not a big deal,” he says, dismissing any further discussion with a flick of his wrist.
Dean’s mouth is perched open as his brows scrunch together in an affronted frown. “Whatever ‘floats my boat’?”
“I banished them,” Castiel explains, voice low and shaky. “They— they won’t be back for a while, but they
“Nah, come on, man. You did good today, so what do you want?” Dean pokes Castiel’s chest with his pointer finger. “To drink,” Dean clarifies after a pause.
“Prayer was never intended to be a two-way line. I can pray to a specific angel to get a message to them, but an angel can’t pray to a non-angel to send any response.”
Dean rubs the back of his neck. Pastor Jim’s known him since he was a kid— got him out of a few messes too— he’s a hard guy to lie to. “Yeah… I’ve been looking for something to— to help Sam.”
“Hey man,” Dean said, smiling as the excitement of showing his little brother round his new house bubbled up. “He give you much trouble?”
Bobby turns off the lamp as he leaves, leaving Castiel lying alone and wingless in the dark on Bobby Singer’s couch.
“Uh,” older Dean searches for an answer. “Jack, why don’t you go upstairs for a bit, okay?” He places Jack back onto the floor and is met with a childish pout. But Jack obliges and trudges up the stairs.
“It’s—” Dean tries to answer but his throat feels like it’s constricted to nothing. He swallows. “So are you back now?”
Cas rolls his eyes and goes to the sink to get both himself and Jo a glass of water. “Morning drills are important. As is team building.”
He flops over to check the display on the clock by his bed. Fuck, okay, no wonder he’s alone. It’s 2pm. A little late for breakfast traditionally, but Dean’s lifestyle is anything but traditional. That’s what he tells himself when he rolls groggily into the kitchen at 2:30 (because it took about half an hour to will himself out of bed). He finds Sam there. Having lunch. Yep.
“Being an angel isn’t a job; you can’t just quit,” Castiel laments. He adds wryly, “If I could I would have turned in my notice the second we crossed paths.”
. He wants so desperately more than he’s ever wanted before. More than he’s ever wanted to serve, which is his only true purpose in this world. Ever since Dean he’s dreamed— an
in my life, ‘Dean’,” he stresses, with air-quotes to boot. “And my duty is to defend the citadel against potential threats. Simply put; you are not a threat.”
Castiel flicks open the lighter and watches the tiny flame dance and flicker in the minuscule breeze. Bobby hands him a small bottle of lighter fluid and gestures towards the brazier. Castiel takes it in hand and splashes it over the bloodied robes. He lowers the lighter to the top of the pile and steps back the moment it catches alight.
Dean is practically frozen solid. A tad more solid that he’d like in some places, which he’s trying very hard to ignore. “O-Okay then.”
Dean’s pulse jumps in an instant, his heart now racing as thoughts race through his head in tandem. Castiel had told him to keep the grace a secret, and he has done. Nobody except Missouri knows about Sam’s miraculous recovery and there’s no way in hell, heaven, earth, or anything in between, that Missouri would sell them out. So how could they know? Unless… they don’t.
Well, he ain’t Dean Winchester if he doesn’t know how to diffuse some tension. He reaches to the back seat and finds the box of cassettes exactly where he’d expect - he swears he sees a teddy bear down on the floor too - he picks out a tape and the rest of the ride is scored by Deep Purple.
The barn doors crash inward, an angel with partially outstretched wings stood in the entryway. Cas stares him down, steadfast.
“No, I just watched him from afar.” Rachel sighed dreamily, recounting the man’s devilish smile and angled jaw in her mind.
“Thats… a long story,” Cas replies. “And a complicated one. But, Dean, it’s always been something you
The older Dean clenches his jaw and glares at his younger self, there’s rage bubbling up in his chest and it’s on the tip of his tongue. He can’t, he just
Still even crappy watered down beer is a welcome sight after the week he’s had. After three days tracking a pack of rogue demons, when he and Jo and the others finally caught up to them they were halfway through sacrificing a group of six people— a family. It was messy, miserable and most definitely calls for a heavy drowning of sorrows.
He’s like a broken bone that’s never healed the same, or scar tissue upon scar tissue. His own older self seems kind of like that too, but at least that was something he’d expected to see. But seeing Sam like this is jarring. As much as his heart warmed to see Sam embrace his future self so eagerly, his heart also hangs heavy in his chest as he looks upon the inevitable result of his own selfish neediness.
“Hey, uh, Cas, you got a minute,” he murmurs to Cas, whose attention is fixed on a map of the area, pencil poised over the trails he’d been marking.
This evening is different than usual; his frequent flier had made his return. Castiel has somewhat expected this— no man whose reaction to being let off easy is a profound disappointment would be so easily deterred. Castiel cannot be sure whether he ought to admire or fear the man.
“Hmm,” Cas hums. He places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, pushing him onto his back. Cas leans over him, tracing a hand down Dean’s side, Dean bristling at the gentle touch as they send tiny sparks through his skin. “I think you overestimate your allure. I can go pretty far, can
Dean gives a meek nod. “Uh-huh, yeah. Got it.” Castiel releases him and Dean moves to walk away, but not before adding. “Seriously, thanks Cas.”
At first, he’s not sure where he’s going, but as if on autopilot, he finds himself in the second bedroom upstairs. The floorboards all creak the same, the old mattress squeaks the same when he sits on it, the wall is marked with the same stains, if a little faded. Cas falls back on the dust-covered mattress, springs digging into his back, but it doesn’t hurt. It doesn’t hurt at all.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean can see the guy move on without a word. Cas doesn’t seem particularly bothered, but then Cas never has particularly cared about upsetting the sensibilities of the random humans he encounters. Dean wonders though, if the souped-up God-powered Cas would have totally smited that guy. He likes to think he would have.
Dean feels himself deflate, like a plug’s been pulled from him, allowing all the tension drain away, leaving him empty. He watches Cas leave, not able to form the words in his mind to express his disappointment in a way that doesn’t give the wrong idea. It’s not like he
“I wasn’t thinking we use it for you,” Sam continues. “I was thinking we use it on Cas. If we could get Cas up to full strength, he could zap baby Dean back to 2005, right?”
Dean shook his head wearing an expression of disappointment and shock as he turned back inside to grab the first-aid supplies. He handed them off to Cas without a word.
Dean closes the distance between them and kisses Castiel. Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand where they’re joined as he lets himself fall into the kiss.
. But then if he had, who could really blame him? Cas’d bring them back from the wash smelling like fresh lavender, feeling like brand new, but with something else comforting and warm infused into the fibres, and it touched his skin like a soft caress. Every shirt Cas brought back was just infinitely better than all the other ones hanging up in that stuffy old closet.
Eileen hovers there for another moment, smiling at Dean and eyeing him up with a smirk, like she’s picking out stuff to make fun of later. But she doesn’t say anything else before she swivels back round to join Sam dredging through the books.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks. “Makes sense, I thought the same.” Dean pauses for a few seconds, chewing on his bottom lip. “And hey, for the record,” Dean clears his throat, trying to force the words out. “You were right; I was afraid of what people would think. But I, uh, I don’t think I am anymore. So, you actually kinda helped me, in a way.”
“What about you? You’re hot as hell— bad choice of words,” Dean fumbles. There are really no words to describe something as heavenly and beatific as Castiel. “You’re gorgeous.”
Castiel’s barely listening, he’s just feeling the weight of the book in his hands, the texture of its hard cover, the faint smell of paper and ink and linen. “I’m sure I will enjoy it,” Castiel says when Dean finally manages to stop himself from speaking.
During the day, Castiel’s focus is marred by a phantom static, his thoughts blurred and ill-formed. The forest ahead is just a smudge of green with flecks of brown in the shadow. The wildlife of the forest’s edge are all just vague blobs of motion— no differentiation between squirrel, mouse, vole or hedgehog; they’re all just small and brown.
Dean stands outside the barn, scuffing his boots along the dry dirt. He’s sheathed his blade since it doesn’t seem like he’ll be needing it. He’s pissed to say the least. His big mission and it seems like he’s only here for set decoration, left to stand around like a lemming while the grown ups work.
“I… yes I’ve heard,” Castiel lies, keeping his face steady in his surprise. Castiel is unsure how he could have missed such reports, though he hasn’t exactly been attentive as of late.
On that note Cas leaves, leaving Dean to wonder Cas is deliberately trying to throw him off or genuinely likes that shirt. He doesn’t think about it at all while he continues to work on Baby. (He thinks about it extensively and exclusively).
“I ought to review the wards,” he states, stepping away and out of the room. As he steps into the empty living room he finds room to breathe. They’ve been there for a couple of hours now, undisturbed. The wards may buy them some time, but there are alternate, more basic methods of tracking. Castiel may be able to hide behind wards and sigils for a time, but a man with gigantic feathered wings is a rather conspicuous thing and it would be naïve to assume that they had not garnered any notice on their way here.
Dean stays for a few hours and the two talk. Dean gives him a choice of three books to tackle next— Castiel picks the one that about a ragtag group of rebels in a fantastical world—
He thinks of how humans interpret the clouds as moods, emotions. In the novels he’s read now, at some point an overcast sky was used to portray a sense of foreboding. He wonders if that’s universal among humans, and thinks how strange it is, since heavy cloud cover precedes rainfall which is necessary for life to thrive and could only be considered a good thing as far as he’s concerned.
The purpose of the angels’ presence on Earth is, supposedly, to suppress the insurgent demonic threat. It seems that defending the lives of any individual human is purely incidental in pursuit of that singular goal. From a human point of view; angels are just kind of around— and they’re dicks and you definitely shouldn’t piss them off or get in their way, because most of them seem to have no qualms about doling out retribution as they see fit.
” he says, apologetic. “My contact wouldn’t agree to meet us if there were significant risk for himself in doing so. The closer we are to the citadel, the less suspicion he will draw.”
The drive is thankfully pretty calm and quiet as Sam recounts what happened in the graveyard while he was burning the bones. Dean remains quiet, though with some difficultly, when Cas places a hand on Dean’s thigh. With his attention fixed firmly on the road, he can almost forget that it’s there, but not for long. As soon as the realisation hits proper, his face is definitely flushing and honestly, thank god it is because at least all his blood is rushing to his face and nowhere else.
“Nah, it’s cool. I don’t wanna make anyone talk about bad shit from their past,” Jo says with a shrug. “Especially ‘cause Victor said you don’t really like to.”
“You don’t understand,” Castiel spits, frustration bubbling over. “You make me forsake my duty— my only purpose is to serve. If I can’t do that then what am I?”
“I know I’ve made many stupid, naïve decisions in my life. Choosing you is one of the few good ones. I don’t regret it, any of it.”
They also set out demon wards and devil’s traps as a precautionary measure. It’s highly unlikely that a demon would stray so close to angel territory, but Cas’ policy is that it’s always better to be safe than sorry, especially if you have the time.
Crazy Jim’s crap really hits like a hammer on anvil. Dean isn’t sure whether his body has the fortitude to make it to the bathroom to throw up— hell, he’s not sure body even has enough energy to throw up in the first place. Regret.
Dean clenches his jaw, his face tightening as he tries to ignore the pang of shameful guilt in his gut. “Yeah,” he mutters to his chest. He fucked up then, and yeah he fucked up again and got Cas screwed over again and again after that. He can’t do it again, he won’t. “Well, uh, you should wear something and keep warm. You’re human, that means you can get sick. And hey, take some extra blankets if you need as well.”
The angel jerks the hand holding Dean’s knife forward, urging him to take it. “Go,” the angel orders, harsh and loud and emphatic. Dean needn’t be told twice. He flees back into the thick wood, his mind a long way from his intended task. He doesn’t dare look back, not even to see again those eyes, ancient and powerful, that looked upon him with a kindness undeserved.
“Okay,” Jack said, bouncing up off the ground and running toward the door. As Jack ran over the threshold between the grass and the patio, he caught his foot on the side of the stone slab, and with all his momentum came crashing down to the floor.
Dean’s face has firmed, biting on his bottom lip. “Okay, yeah, I get it, it’s dangerous,” Dean quietly concedes. “But— I don’t care.”
“Two weeks. I gotta last two weeks then I win,” Dean explains. “If one of us backs out then we pay up. Oh, and we got two rules; no kissing and no groin touching. Breaking them’s an instant forfeit.”
The two make it to the meat section where Dean stands carefully eyeing up two different packets of beef mince. Cas’ arms are wrapped around Dean’s upper arm as his hands are occupied with mincemeat.
“Hmm, maybe,” older Dean maintains his calm, but seems genuinely perplexed. “We're definitely gunna need help on this one. Why don’t you stay the night and we can head over to the bunker in the morning. I’ll call Sam.”
Since they’ll be outside of human civilisation for a day or two, the group needs supplies; food, water, perhaps even firewood. And worse— they’ll have to carry it all on their backs since the cart will be too slow and conspicuous. Of course Dean and Jo get stuck on the supply run while the big boys talk strategy.
If demons are coming, here’s hoping they at least manage to take a few winged assholes down to damnation with them.
It’s completely insane when he really thinks about it, to have successfully hit on an angel. To have played tongue hockey with a holy warrior of God. Kissing Castiel had felt divine, but Castiel himself felt so… down-to-earth, like he could see him and touch him and have him if he wanted. Dean dares to think that maybe he could, heaven be damned.
Cas looks at Dean with unwavering attention. His eyes are welling beneath his furrowed brows. Dean’s barely keeping composure himself.
The first thing Castiel comes to understand about his new marginal existence is that he still doesn’t eat. He tries at first to force down the soup Bobby gives him, but he just never feels hungry. Initially he chalks it up to guilt; the kindness he’s being offered is far more than he deserves. But as the days go on and he sees no adverse effects from his lack of input into his body, he concludes he simply does not need it.
The man closes his eyes tight, cursing his failure, before turning tail and pulling himself through the trees, hands pressed against the sturdy trunks for support.
All they’d been able to grab from Bobby’s was enough food to keep them going for the night.  The boys tuck in as Castiel eyes their surroundings, scanning for all potential entry and exit points, areas of cover, etc.
The angel twirls the blade in his hand, holding it out to Dean hilt-first. Dean eyes the hilt, then shifts his gaze back to the angel’s face. The angel’s expression remains hardened and blank, unreadable, only now Dean sees his eyes; eyes that bore into him, innocent eyes that betray the fearsome being to which they belong.
“Thanks,” Dean manages to get out before he turns tail and silently slinks up the stairs with Cas in tow.
Dean is only half conscious, his face blooded and beaten, his features indiscernible under the mask of streaked red. His guards throw him to the ground with a callous force and he crumples to the ground, barely catching himself on his hands and knees as they crash against the hard marble.
Eventually, at Bobby’s behest, Castiel migrates to the upstairs bedroom. He suspects it’s more to do with Bobby wanting the couch available for him to drunkenly crash on than anything else, but regardless, Castiel obliges.
Dean works his jaw. Sure, he could come out with a whole laundry list of good reasons not to place blind faith in the guy, but Victor and Cas are heading over before he gets the chance to start.
Jo passes Dean a sharp look. The message is clear; get your shit together ASAP. Dean slumps his shoulders and huffs in protest but eventually drags himself up and over to his trust clothes pile to find something that smells like it might be clean. As soon as he’s dressed he steps outside to where Jo and Victor are waiting, and lets Victor lead the two of them over to one of the big tents in the centre of the camp, usually used by commanders for strategy meetings.
“Then what is my word worth? I can assure you these men have had no involvement with demons.” Castiel takes a short breath. “I healed Sam Winchester.”
Sam has always been particularly in-tune to the weird little things Dean does, usually more than Dean himself. So yeah, maybe Dean
Castiel spends hours of his watch every day on edge, eyes darting up in hope at every rustle or passing shadow. More often than not it’s just some of the local wildlife. But sometimes, the rustle is just too big to possibly be anything that lives this close to the forest’s edge, and then Castiel’s hopes are fulfilled.
“Well have a think on everything, an’ we’ll figure out what the hell to do about you boys in the morning,” Bobby says, getting up with a groan.
Cas returns to the kitchen, sliding a hand over the older Dean’s lower back as he slips past him so casually to the sink, where he pulls out the plug to let the water drain away. Dean watches them from his front-row seat. He can’t hear them talk, as they do so in hushed tones, but he’s not particularly interested in what they might be saying anyway. Instead, he’s transfixed at how cooly their hands seem to drift around each other. A hand on the waist, the hip, the shoulder. And the glances; the soft, loving looks and the smiles. Their bodies are so close, shoulders brushing together, Cas’ head practically sitting in the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean feels almost like he shouldn’t be watching this. It’s so innocent, yet so
Castiel’s head drifts to one side in an alien tilt. A scoff just shy of a chuckle escapes Dean as this ancient and powerful celestial being stares at him with furrowed brows.
Cas sets the two mugs down on the table and sighs. “Dean and I are probably the most qualified people to help get you home you know.”
Dean sighs. “It’s a stupid story. A code-name for the human resistance against the demons, and the angels probably. I don’t even know if they were ever real.”
.” Dean buries his head back in his hands, his head swimming, heart racing and his breath shallow and shaky. “I can’t do this.”
Box after box, Dean and Castiel ferried their life from its transit state into its permanent home. With only one box left, Cas began to unpack and sort their contents on the empty living room floor, while Dean went to fetch the last box. The sun now sat directly overhead. This, paired with the strenuous back-and-forth, had lead Dean to ditching his flannel over-layer a while ago.
With a towel thrown over his shoulder like a true domestic goddess, older Dean walks over and places a plate of steaming hot lasagne in front of Dean. He sits down beside him, with Cas joining them a moment later.
“You don’t gotta decide right now, but you’re… you’re better than just sitting around wasting away in this crap-shack.” Bobby drops his gaze down to his hands. “I don’t think Sam or Dean would want that for you.”
“Dean!” Sam yelps as the other angel, male with short blonde curls and pale blue eyes, yanks Sam over to him and holds him at knifepoint.
“Man,” Sam sighs, feeling comfortable to broach the topic after a couple of beers. “I really forgot how much you’ve really changed.”
Dean lets himself fall back against the wall and brings his hands to his face as he blinks away the tears of relief. He sniffs, swallows. “Missouri, you can’t— you can’t tell anyone about this. Please.”
“How the hell were you navigating this place in the dead of night?” Sam asks, pushing an overhanging branch out of his path as they continue on through the deep woodland.
Dean rolls his eyes but doesn’t bother with a comeback. He doesn’t cry in the shower, in fact it’s an entirely utilitarian shower because he has some common courtesy and hot water is a bit of a luxury around these parts.
“Actually, you started to pull your hand away six milliseconds before I did.” Cas retorted playfully.
“He’s been glaring at us for some time. I believe he’s bothered by,” Cas gestures between the two of them. “Us.”
Dean’s hands go exploring over Castiel’s body, pawing at his hips, cupping his sharp jaw, slipping around his shoulders and finding his fingers mixed into a soft bed of feathers. Castiel twitches and Dean pulls back. “Is that alright?” he asks, naturally unsure in this new territory.
Dean pays little attention to Cas as he flings his duffel to the ground and starts rapidly shucking clothing. He drags an old t-shirt and a pair of pyjama bottoms adorned with hot-dog illustrations from his closet and clambers haphazardly into them, almost falling over as he attempts to get his right leg in. He rights himself, then notices Cas staring.
“Well at least I was there; you got one thing right.” Dean said, grinning before planting a kiss on top of the angel’s head.
“Ooh, you okay? That’s gotta hurt,” Pastor Jim says, taking Dean’s hand from him to inspect the damage. “You’re half a world away today, son. You got somewhere to be?”
“Uh… whoever wrote this book is pretty convinced that Cleopatra was a, uh, demon,” Sam answers, exasperated.
Dean sits down in the passenger seat and looks over to his own hands placed on the wheel. Then he notices, “Are you married?”
“Yes, Dean. I’m sorry, I should have asked before I left, but I realised once I had already taken you back that it was what I had to do.”
In many ways, he’s lost nothing. A couple of months ago he had nothing. He was in the lowliest position, doing a menial task, with no love or care for anyone or anything, and receiving none in return. He used to spend his days standing by a gate, staring aimlessly into the sky, and now he spends his days lying in bed, staring aimlessly at the ceiling.
Castiel stands guard at the mouth of the thing, staring out into the forest behind the blur of the falling rain.
“Oh, right,” Dean says with a nod, observing the fallen feather in his hands, twisting it and watching the rainbow patterns form and shift in the light over the dark surface. “Can I keep this?”
It’s still as grand as he remembers; a lot of white and gold, pristine and pearlescent shine. It’s horrible, actually, Castiel decides. The only foliage here is tame and unblemished, untempered by wind and rain and rot, only growing where the angels have allowed it, in neat lines in pots and ordered curves around pillars.
Dean mumbles out an approximation of the words ‘thank you’ then drags himself up with great difficulty to take the painkillers. The tonic is syrupy in all the wrong ways, and definitely requires Dean to follow up with
Dean demolishes his breakfast muffin in less than a minute, the speed of such rapid consumption meaning he wasn’t the most precise - his first real mistake of the day. Cas wipes a thumb over the corner of Dean’s mouth to catch a splash of sauce. He pauses for a moment, his cool eyes locked with Dean’s panicked ones, as he deliberates whose mouth to put it in. He plays it safe and licks the sauce of his own thumb with a low hum.
And that’s it. Jody starts for the kitchen busying herself getting everyone drinks while they toe off their boots and shuck their jackets. It’s remarkably painless. All except for that comment. ‘About time’. It rolls around in Dean’s brain like clothes in a dryer. Suddenly what people think of him and Cas
“Okay,” Castiel says after a weary sigh. “But if something happens, if another angel catches you, pray to me directly, and I’ll come.”
Preparing breakfast doesn’t take long. Cas releases Dean, leaving his back feeling cold at the sudden absence of Cas’ body heat. He sets out plates for everyone (with the exception of Cas, who simply nurses a coffee) and they all sit down to eat.
“Huh,” Dean huffs, frowning as if confused by his own action. He bites his bottom lip and meets Castiel’s bewildered gaze. “No one deserves to die, right?” Castiel reaches out slowly to retake the blade. He doesn’t yet sheathe it, but he holds it low at his side. Dean takes a couple more steps back before turning tail, walking quickly back into the trees. Before stepping into their shadow, he turns his head back for a moment, their eyes meeting briefly once more.
badass, too good to be true. Dean always believes in what he can see, and he’s never met the guy, and only heard about him via drunken soldiers in the mess hall or gushing fangirls and fanboys— he apparently has a lot of those. It’s hard to take a guy like that seriously, especially when every rational bone in Dean’s body tells him that there is no way in hell this guy lives up to the hype.
Bobby is the first to intrude just a minute later. “I’m heading out to get you boys some supplies. I don’t want any part of whatever this is, so you boys can discuss amongst yourselves. Whatever the two— or three of you decide, I’ll back your play.”
In theory, yes, but Dean’s mind drifts to the angel Castiel. The angel who had looked at him with as much confusion and wonder as he had levelled back at him. The angel who had shown him mercy, a trait angels are not traditionally known for, not once or twice but now three times, despite his flagrant disregard for angelic authority.
Dean collapses onto the bed as soon as it’s in reach, burying his face in the sheets with a groan. “Hate this,” he grumbles.
Carol clapped her hands over her mouth in a melodramatic gasp. “Oh! A husband of course! My bad! How long have you been married?” Carol said, frantically attempting to recover from her faux-pas.
Dean and Sam, too, are pushed down by heavy, immovable force down into the mud. Dean can hardly bare to raise his head, to see Sam and Castiel like this, helpless and at the angels’ mercy.
Apparently Castiel’s angelic instinct hadn’t been drowned all the way out, as in a moment, Castiel’s hand has a vice grip on Dean’s forearm, in which hand he’s got a hold of Castiel’s keys. Castiel levels a look at Dean. “Did you really think that would work?”
Dean gives her a death glare and works his jaw, but it’s not worth keeping the argument going, so he concedes, “Yeah, whatever.”
“Apologies,” Cas says, withdrawing his hand. As he glances over, Dean notices Cas sporting a small pout, bitter at being bested. A glance in the rearview mirror and he sees Sam smiling at the two of them instead of minding his business and looking away respectfully.
Dean steps towards Cas, who’s feebly attempting to wipe clean his blade with leaves. There are already a few blood-stained leaves discarded at his feet. Dean rounds him and places a hand to his shoulder.
“Yeah, so what,” Dean snaps. “Don’t mean I gotta talk. I can handle my shit on my own, you got your own life to live.”
The whole house smells nice, actually. It’s not like it’s scented; it doesn’t smell like flowers or air freshener or candles or anything like that. But the kitchen smells like home cooking, and the living room? Well there’s a scent in the couch cushions that’s enveloping Dean as he snuggles into it. Dean can’t quite put his finger on it, but it smells homely, like, and he feels stupid as hell for even thinking it, but it smells like love, like family. It kinda smells like that Cas guy…
Older Dean opens the door and steps over the threshold. Dean follows, feeling a wave of warmth as he enters. He can hear the sound of clinking dishes and sloshing water from the kitchen. His mind instantly pictures a smiling woman in a sundress with pink rubber gloves who’ll come bounding over to plant a kiss on his older self’s cheek and gasp with melodramatic girly shock at baby Dean standing at her door.
No sooner than he had uttered his final goodbye did the angel Castiel find himself enveloped in darkness. In every cardinal direction and more there was empty. The only thing he could see were his own limbs, illuminated by some directionless yet omnipresent light source. The elation he had felt just moments ago had faded fast as Cas was left only with the echoing consequences of his loving sacrifice, feeling like a fitting bookend on a life lived in service of others.
“I have to carry you bridal style. Anything else would probably be quite uncomfortable for you,” Castiel explains. Dean’s not happy with the arrangement, but he’s not exactly unhappy either. “Hold on to your lunch.”
“Oh,” Castiel’s blue eyes widen. “That’s a very kind offer. Angels don’t have any need to eat, but… it would be lovely to sit with you while you take lunch.” Castiel’s eyes are locked with Dean’s as he answers, as if the words belong only to him.
helping me in the garden. And he’s not very helpful honestly, though I do enjoy his company. And he gets very messy.”
“Well I’m not gunna say no to that,” she says with a shrug, heading back upstairs to get out of her pyjamas.
“How can either of you be okay with this?” Dean snaps. “Because he’s not human, is that it? Sam, Cas saved your life once and you don’t even wanna return the favour?”
Stephen shuffles away back into his shop, and there’s a distinct feeling that he’s not wanted inside. To be fair, he was a frequent ‘customer’ back when he was a kid, but it’s strange how the people of Lawrence see him now. They’ll seek out his services but still never invite him in for coffee, happily receive his labour but always act as though they’re doing him a favour.
Cas raises a hand in apology as he notices Sam’s expression. “Oh, no, I don’t think it looks bad on- on
Castiel immediately perks up. “Yes, I did,” he says, energetic. “I liked it very much. I enjoyed the protagonist’s roguish charm and his bravado contrasted with his softness— he reminded me very much of you, actually. I can see why you like this story so much.”
“Yes.” Castiel presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. Lying there with Castiel is almost pleasant enough to make Dean forget the situation they’re in. It all comes flooding back, though, the moment Dean dares to ask himself why he can’t just have this.
Dean sniffs and nods, regaining his composure and raising up typical cool exterior. “I, uh, got you something. Y’know, to say thanks.” Dean’s rubbing one hand against the back of his neck as he sheepishly presents the book to Castiel.
“Yeah, that sounds like him.” Dean strolled up to Baby, un-belted Jack and pulled him up into his arms. “You miss me, kid?”
“Shower and a change o’ clothes and we’ll be good as new, trust me,” Dean says, steadfast as he drops into the drivers seat.
Jack, with a devilish glint in his eyes, started poking at Castiel’s arms and torso, whispering “Dad, dad, dad, dad.”
As far as first impressions go, weird is definitely understating it. Dean doesn’t know what he expected, probably someone big and muscular and rugged, who looks like they could take you apart with their bare hands, someone who could command a room with their presence. This guy is… not that. He’s small, and slim and looks pretty unassuming. Dean can’t help but wonder if at least half of his reputation comes from the fact that people who lay eyes on that sharp jaw, tousled hair and big blue eyes have an inclination to exaggerate his prowess.
Dean returns home late as always. By now, Sam’s given up on waiting up for Dean, and (almost) given up hounding him for his misguided evening activities. Instead, Dean finds him sleeping, his breaths uncomfortably shallow.
Somehow without ever asking it aloud, Dean’s question is answered. Dean doesn’t want to say goodbye either. All he can do now is hope that it’s the kind of answer he can kiss away. He leans into Castiel’s touch and kisses him.
Castiel smiles, but it’s a solemn smile. “That assumes a level of freedom that is not afforded to angels. We are soldiers; our only purpose is to serve, to follow orders absolutely. There isn’t typically a great deal of room for personal growth in such an existence.”
Dean tests the waters with his tongue, and Cas’ lips part, letting him in. Dean loses his grip on Cas’ jaw, his hands slipping down to grip the fabric of Cas’ shirt, then slip further down to hold his waist. Conversely, Cas’ hands ascend, taking Dean’s face in his hands, then sliding his fingers into Dean’s hair.
Dean shrugs. “Hell if I know. Not like anyone ever tells us big picture shit, they just point as at some omens and say ‘go deal with that’.”
He skulks off to get his hands and his mind occupied and successfully buried under the hood of a car. In the belly of the beast he has plenty of time to clear his head. It’s always the best place to
“Good,” he repeats, making his decision and taking Cas’ face in his hands and kissing him.  There’s a desperate pressure, and an unthinking urgency to it. It’s messy, a little too hard and there’s no room the breathe, not that it matters since both are holding their breath.
At the outside of the shop under the awning there are a few old and run-down furniture items; a chair with faded and fraying upholstery, a cabinet missing a knob and in dire need of a re-varnish. They’re not antiques by any stretch of the imagination, and the price tags reflect that.
Castiel wishes he could take the time to be sentimental. Dean’s the only friend he’s ever had and he’s sure this would be a beautiful moment that he would cherish for the rest of his eternal life if Dean weren’t being so monumentally stupid.
“Oh,” Dean says. He doesn’t say anything else, but walks past the guy carefully avoiding eye contact. If he wasn’t aware of Cas’ hand before he’s very aware of Cas’ hand now, not sure if that awareness makes him want to let go or hold on tighter. There’s a large sum of money on the line, so he opts for the latter.
As Castiel sets Dean down, he drifts, unaware, towards the tree. It is at glance just an ordinary oak, but there’s something about it that draws Dean in. He places a hand to it’s firm trunk and feels a spark spread through him from the point of contact.
“Well if anything’s gunna do it, it’s this stuff. Crazy Jim said a whole bottle of this’ll make you go blind.”
Cas returned a few minutes later, two paper bags in hand and big grin on his face. Once he’d clambered back into the Impala and dumped the food in the back-seat he said,
They pull up outside a small farmhouse on a quiet country road between the two towns, silent and still aside from the odd owl call or passing fox. The four of them unload and bring their bags into the house.
“How do you feel?” Bobby asks, standing in the doorway to the kitchen, keeping a respectable distance away from Castiel as he observes his new self.
Dean’s interactions with each debuted look is more or less the same. There’s the initial up and down scan, the first thought that Cas looks really good, the second thought of why was that his first thought, the third thought that maybe this does look better than the flannel though. Castiel doesn’t look like a hunter, and he doesn’t look like a Winchester. If that’s the case then he’s just Cas, who lives in the bunker with them because that’s where he wants to be. But what is there for him here?
“Oh yeah, you can wear that one,” Dean gestures to the shirt in Cas’ hands. “I don’t wear it much; it doesn’t really suit me.”
“There are angels patrolling human settlements? That’s—” Castiel contains his surprise. Uriel’s flat delivery evidently did not convey the severity of the situation. If the angels are sanctioning patrols of local towns then they either don’t know how large the threat is and are taking extra precautions, or worse, they know
The wound is small, the beads of blood seeping from it are bright. Castiel presses his fingertip to his lips and sucks on it for a moment, stopping to drip-slow flow of blood. The pain fades somewhat, and when Castiel takes his finger back, all that remains is a slit in the skin, a clean cut through the swirling pattern of his fingerprint.
Gently, Castiel helps Sam to his feet and leads him away into an armchair in the living room, away from the tension of the kitchen.
Sam’s too busy rifling through Dean’s box of cassettes to have noticed any of the thigh-grabbing transpire. He picks one out and leans forward between the two, “Hey put this on for me, will you Cas?”
“Cas, man, you look tired as hell,” Dean says, stepping closer, making every muscle in Cas’ body tense up.
The journey is short, only a few hours so they expect to arrive just after sunset. The best place to capture an angel, as far as Cas is concerned, is in their own back yard. Angels tend to be less defensive in their own territory, especially around a low value target. The town of Ashland is only short distance from the angel-held town of Hastings, a relatively innocuous town at the edge of the angels’ western territory.
Cas doesn’t want the other bed. He gives another bullshit excuse about not sleeping much. As pissed as Dean feels at the guy for the shady shit he pulled in Hastings, he really can’t stand to see the way this guy refuses to take care of himself.
Sam’s shoulders drop and his brows furrow. “Uh… I don’t know,” he says with a shrug. “I just buy whatever’s in decent condition. So much of our stuff gets torn to shreds or covered in blood anyway, doesn’t hurt to have a lot of the same.”
at least tell him that we’re ‘together’,” Dean says, scuffing his feet over the tarmac like a scolded child. “I don’t wanna have to do that shit.”
“Sure, I love casserole.” Dean shrugged, humoured somewhat by this strange, incredibly enthusiastic woman.
Sam shrugs. “Hate lying in bed,” he answers, pouring the still warm water into a cup. He passes his eyes up to Dean, dressed and ready. “You got a job today?”
“I got back in because I needed to get back in,” Sam answers, artfully dodging the specifics. “That’s it really.”
sensitive.” Sam shakes his head and continues on eating his soup. “But seriously, you seem happier. Maybe than I’ve ever seen you. So I’m happy, really.”
He finds Victor inspecting their supplies, measuring up their small supply of holy oil. “Hey, Cas, you good?” Victor asks, nonchalant, not drawing his eye away from his work.
Dean’s face twists into outrage. “You people don’t answer,” he spits, an accusatory finger pointed at Castiel. “Sam’s
“So? You dirtied it, you wash it,” Dean retorts, shaking the water and suds off his hands as he finishes up his own dishes.
“Ha, yeah, that’d be nice.” Dean takes a swig, grimacing, before passing the bottle over. “I mean I always wanted to but I couldn’t leave Sam and he was too sick to take with me. Besides there are at least a couple of people who give a crap in that place, and without them I never would have been able to look after Sam, so…”
It’s Dean’s turn to scoff as he leans nonchalant against the ivory brick wall, arms crossed. “Really?” he asks, incredulous.
The two began to stare at each other in a mix between a loving gaze and a challenge. Cas intensified his gaze.
Dean’s face freezes as he’s confronted with the obvious question he hadn’t yet asked of himself. “I- Well I got plenty to share. ‘Sides, letting him wear mine it’s like, welcoming y’know? Making sure he feels like he’s welcome here.”
“I think I fell into a wine coma. I knew opening that last bottle was a bad idea.” Sam responds, groggy.
“No, that’s not it,” he slides a cooked egg off the spatula onto a plate in front of him. Cas licks his lips before continuing, “Those are
“Not particularly.” Cas grabs Dean and drags him up the bed so that his head reaches the pillow. He grabs the wastebasket and takes out the bag, leaving just the metal bucket by Dean’s bed. “I’m glad you enjoyed yourself. I had fun too.”
A wide, empty boardwalk painted amber by the setting sun, slipping over the horizon, basks a 26-year-old Dean Winchester in buttery warm sunlight. The air is cool and calm, a light breeze brushing over his cheeks. Like in a dream where one flits from place to place in a hazy instant; no journey, no decision, only destination; Dean finds himself there in the middle of the road with no clue how he got there.
“I don’t know, maybe. Cas got the information we needed though, so, yeah I dunno.” Jo shrugs and moves to pat the horses.
“Dean!” Jody exclaims, beaming as she pulls away from her hug with Sam. Dean lets himself be pulled into a tight hug.
For Cas sleep was entirely optional, furthermore it was something that up until recently he hadn’t physically been able to do. Learning to sleep for an angel was less about the procedure, which was simple enough (lie down, close your eyes, wait, profit?), but more about the completely alien idea of letting your guard down so completely and switching off your faculties. It was something he had so far found he was able to do only with Dean beside him, or more specifically, holding on to him for dear life. That was the only time he felt truly safe and at ease enough to be that vulnerable. Dean didn’t seem to mind being the angel’s living, breathing body pillow at all.
“So how do you make sure that you’re contacting the right angel and not just broadcasting our location to every one in the area?” Dean asks.
“I’m not giving up, Dean,” Castiel says, leaning forward, serious. “I have no intention of ‘throwing myself to the wolves’. I will fight, I might be able to find somewhere remote where I can hide out.”
“As for the human,” Naomi shifts her gaze to Dean. “He has evaded justice for far too long already. This man has enraptured the heart of an angel of the Lord. The punishment shall be befitting of such a crime. As for now, he is sentenced to immediate execution.”
Dean’s made aware of the advent of a new day by the uncomfortable brightening of the room as the sun beats through the thin curtains painting the room with a sickly orange glow. The first thing he sees is Cas sitting in the chair angled towards him, head lazily perched in his palm propped up by the armrest.
“To this charge,” Naomi says, drawing out the words as if relishing every moment. “How do you plead, Castiel?”
“If you roll your eyes any more they’re gunna fall out your head,” Dean says, catching his breath a little as the adrenaline subsides. “And I think you mean
“Efram said that the angels are looking for the tablet. We have zero leads, if there are any to be had at all, the angels will have them. Besides, if the angels are looking for it, we can’t afford to be even a single step behind.”
Castiel isn’t sure what response he expects from Dean. Disappointment maybe, at the revelation that Castiel is a failure of an angel. Or perhaps pity for his pathetic predicament. What he gets, and certainly not what he had expected, is a fierce smile, buzzing with excitement.
And so Cas understood Meg’s frustration. His thoughts would mean little to her, because she wasn’t saying that he hadn’t been her friend, and she wasn’t upset that he hadn’t tried to bring her back. She was frustrated because he hadn’t appreciated that - and he had come to realise this now - that Dean Winchester must have loved him in a way that was different and deeper. Because Dean hadn’t moved on before, he hadn’t looked back fondly, he had only looked forward at a future besmirched by a void. An absence in the heart. A future that was empty.
“If it’s beyond you… does that mean I’m still dying?” Sam asks, slow and with a low warble in his voice.
“What are you wearing?” Dean asked Cas, feeling like an insecure teenage girl going to her first party.
Castiel stops in realisation. Dean came back. Just to give him something; a gift. And he intends to come back again and give him more. Castiel has received many things from humans; fear, worship, obedience, respect; but never this.
“I think that’s an excellent strategy, Sam,” Cas agrees. “But if we do it this way, then I don’t believe we’d ever be able to do the spell again, since we’d already have tapped into so much of my past. So if we do this now, that’s it.”
Castiel frowns. “No,” he says, less than convincingly. He pulls Dean in and kisses him, soft.  He pulls away and presses another gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek, then hovers his lips by Dean’s ear. “I just think they’d look better off.”
“If it gets your ass out of bed, yeah,” Bobby says. Castiel rolls his eyes, but drags himself up out of bed. “What’s with the attitude?” Castiel shrugs. Bobby narrows his eyes. “What are you, a teenager?”
“There’s no need, Dean. It’ll be faster if I do it.” Cas replied, his voice earnest as he offered his help as always.
“I didn’t go to the angels,” Dean grumbles. “We both know they don’t help anybody. Remember that last guy, Sergei or whatever? He said that the only thing that could purify a blight this advanced is magic derived from angelic grace. So I was gunna see if— I don’t know, I thought I’m pretty good at sneaking in places, used to steal all sorts o’ shit when we were kids—”
Once the sigil is carved, Dean finds a stray tarp and lays it over the angel’s corpse, the only respect he can really offer here and now. He slips out and closes the doors behind him, taking a moment to gaze up at the clear sky, take a breath, and let the cool night air wash over him.
It’s getting harder and harder to lift his feet. He hasn’t stopped bleeding from the wounds at his back and he’s starting to feel lightheaded, especially as the setting sun sits at eye-level, attacking him with it’s searing light. His legs might give out at any moment, but still he continues on.
Jo blows out some air in a dramatic huff. “Okay, Debbie downer. Go shower and cry about it in there where I don’t have to hear you.”
“You know if I’d known you were moving in today, I’d have made a casserole,” Carol began to ramble. “Do you like casserole? Oh, everybody likes casserole. In the next few days, you’d better expect a casserole.”
“What so I just stay away for a while? Until when, huh? I mean how am I supposed to know when I can come back?” Dean shakes his head, pressing his lips together. “I’m just saying, all of this only matters
“He’s the kid of a friend of ours,” Dean half-lied. “She died when he was born so we took him in; me, Cas and my brother.”
Dean looks over to Cas, who gives a small reassuring nod. He really hadn’t told older Dean anything then, huh?
“No.” Jack asserted confidently before bursting into giggles and burying his face in Dean’s shoulder to stifle his laughter.
Castiel searches for some micro-expression of deceit, but sees only sincerity in Dean. He tries to find the words to respond, but comes up blank.
Cas’ face is even closer now, the distance between their mouths so minute it’s immeasurable at this point. There’s barely just a ring of blue around Cas’ eyes, and Dean can’t help but wonder if he looks just as fucking helpless. One of them is about to lose this bet, and like this it’ll be pretty much impossible to tell who. Dean can’t bear it, he-
Cas chuckles nervously, it’s almost cute, not at all what Dean expected from a guy with such a vicious reputation. He keeps passing glances to Dean as well. It’s all very off-putting. “I suppose I do have quite a reputation,” he murmurs.
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean rolls his eyes. “I just mean you can borrow whatever you want. As long as you wash it after, y’know.”
“Dean, you took out, what? Maybe two? Cas took six,” Sam says, snarky, as he slams the trunk shut and makes for the shotgun position.
“And if he was alive, well, then he must have just left. Finally got sick of me and just left, And I thought, he doesn’t care about me, right, and god knows Sam doesn’t need me. So maybe it’s for the best that I go.”
Castiel leaves the kitchen before Bobby can add anything else, retreating behind a closed bedroom door.
Dean works his jaw to try and work his frustration out before he says, “Yeah, well I don’t mind. There’s your proof.”
“Okay.” Dean presses his lips together into a line, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet for a moment. “Victor said you’re not a fan of personal questions. I get it. So, uh, sorry dude.”
The angels are gone now. It’s unlikely they’d return, Castiel thinks, surmising that he could just stay here, curl up under the covers of the bed that was never his and wait for the lights to go out.
Castiel takes a moment to catch his breath, which he’d been holding apparently, before he follows on.
The blade hits the ground with a sharp clatter that echoes against the smooth marble floor and wall panels, Castiel’s eyes locked with Naomi’s in a steely, determined glare. Castiel brings his free hand now to cradle Dean’s face in both, passing a warm healing light over him, the blood fading, the cuts closing, the bruises clearing. “You know I could never,” he murmurs to only Dean.
Castiel rests, allowing himself as close to sleep as an angel can really get. Dean’s breathing, the feel of his pulse, they relax Castiel’s anxieties to a low hum. Like this Castiel can hardly think about leaving, only able to think about being here, now, with Dean, warm and sheltered in his arms. Dean’s safe there, but he won’t always be.
“Hey, you know I don’t need a pity party. It’s fine, I’m just saying it would have been nice. That’s all.”
“Right,” Dean says, elongated with a shallow nod. He’s closer to the angel now and the angel seems to have taken notice of his advance, eyeing him warily. Yet the angel does not move to strike, standing so still he’s almost statuesque— his high cheekbones and marble-cut jawline only adding to the illusion.
Dean turns sharply. “Okay, and? You’re not my keeper, alright? I thought you weren’t gunna wait up?”
“Cas made up the couch for you. Don’t even think about bolting, Cas doesn’t sleep.” he continues, stern and serious, pointing an accusatory finger.
loved, was the best feeling in the world. While for many years he absolutely couldn’t have admitted it, it was one thing he’d always craved; to be held, to feel someone’s warm skin against his own rather than scratchy, questionably clean motel bedsheets. The safety and comfort that he hungered for, that lead him to sleeping with one hand on the trigger of a gun, now took the form of the angel snoozing beside him.
The drive was quiet, with Dean mostly stewing in anxiety, which then lead on to guilt that he didn’t trust Castiel enough, which lead to more anxiety that he was being noticeably weird. Of course, he was, and Cas didn’t miss a beat in saying,
Eileen leans against the table and makes a phone gesture with her hand and holds it up to her ear mouthing “call me”, which elicits a snicker from Dean, which grows into a laugh when Sam turns to Eileen to see what Dean’s laughing at and she holds her hands up, innocent.
“Charming,” Dean snorts. Cas catches himself in a snicker, before he remembers himself, and returns to hauling bags over to the spacious kitchen table where he begins laying out a marked up map of the area.
“It’s bad, Dean. The demons are advancing on the citadel and the angels are gearing up for an all out war.”
Dean’s just setting down his equipment and leaning his ladder against the wall when he spots him— a man with shoulder-length black curls and two large tawny feathered wings folded at his back. There’s an angel in town.
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean is indignant. “You don’t have to apologise to anyone. If it weren’t for you Sam would be dying or dead. I’d take these consequences over those any day of the week.”
They stumble in eventually. Dean’s the level of drunk where you feel more or less okay (if a little unsure on your feet), at least until the second you lay your head down and close your eyes and you realise your head is spinning and you’re spiralling into oblivion.
“Sam, for fuck’s sake— will you listen to me for five fucking seconds?” Dean snaps. “I went back. A few times, actually. He’s— he’s not a bad guy— angel, whatever.”
“What about you, though?” Dean asks. Castiel tilts his head to one side with furrowed brows. “Is sitting here having a picnic with us an example of you ‘following orders absolutely’?”
The angel, without shifting eye-contact for even a moment, pulls the knife from his chest, its blade clean and bloodless. Dean firms himself for his end. Death by angel sounds far too grand for a life as small as his, and in some ways far too just.
Jim exhales and shakes his head. “Yeah, okay Dean, I’ll drop it for now. I just care about you is all.
“Me? Cooking?” Dean scoffs, smiling out the window as his older self pulls away from the curb. “Angels and time travel I could get behind, but that?”
Dean is still stood awkwardly by the counter, notably separate from the family unit. He feels like an interloper, like he himself is the elephant in the room, but Cas gestures at him to sit down, so he does.
Castiel leans forward to kiss him again. He groans as he pulls himself back in a fight against his own desire. “I wish I didn’t have to go back,” he says, voice tweaked in a whine.
“I don’t know about that, seems like you made a friend,” Sam says with a grin. “Tell your angel buddy thanks from me.”
“Wait, but your son’s four?” she continued to work through her thoughts aloud. “Oh, is he from a previous relationship, or?”
It’s moments like these that Dean remembers why he keeps working despite the fact that the money he makes is barely a pittance. Helping people and fixing things; it’s the only part of his life that works. And when he’s here, his mind occupied with the methodical completion of the task at hand, it cannot wander through thoughts of what’s becoming more and more inevitable.
The guards hold Dean tight, Castiel’s own guards holding him in place even as he tries with all the strength he has left in his being to wrestle free of their ironclad grasp. Another angel rounds Dean and in a flash of silver and red Castiel watches on, bloodied and broken on his knees, as his world ends.
“No I don’t,” Cas snips back. “What I mean is; you’re good enough as you are. You’re certainly good enough for me, I mean I’m no prize peach.”
“We’ve got some money left, should we get something for everyone, do you think?” Jo suggests. “Might be nice, I dunno…”
Cas balls his hands into fists and closes his eyes. He firms himself to look over at Dean, whose face is entirely serious, with a hint of vulnerability. “You’re right,” Cas admits. And he is, because whoever this Dean is, and however he came to exist or came to be in Cas’ life, the fact is that he’s here for a mission. They both have a job to do, and whether Cas likes it or not they have to do it together.
He’s definitely not winning any Oscars, but Sam is still smiling and saying words of congratulations that Dean’s not listening to, so he must have done enough. Once Sam shuts up, they all move to clamber into the Impala, and while Dean’s zoned out from the conversation, Sam and Cas evidently agree to a switcheroo. And that’s how Dean ends up in the front seat beside Castiel. Awesome.
Cas nods. He gets up and heads to the hallway where there’s an old mirror mounted on the wall. He twists awkwardly, and somewhat painfully as he stretches the newly healed over skin, to try and take a look.
