Gabe and Crowley were there though the demon looked out of breath, his face covered in bruises. The messenger threw Tamael on the wall breaking it while Cas gripped on to the woman, bending down to support her. Blood spilled form her mouth, for that moment the angel tried his best to help her but he couldn't, he asked "Why? I...destroyed your family."
Dean coughed, trying to clear his throat, and looked back at Balthazar "Just a little distracted is all. vous disiez quelque chose?"
They both breathe heavily, Dean held onto Cas hand, his other hand goes around Cas cock to pleasure his angel. Their hands get sweaty with time. They reach their climax, as Cas comes on Dean's hand while Dean's load shoots up to the condom.
Both angels nodded, Cas wiped her tears smiling through his tears. He held Claire's face in his hands amd said "I'm so proud of you for doing everything on your own and I know Jimmy would be too, love. Not the stealing part though."
Cas turns around and pushes his ass on Dean's cock making it wake again. Dean blinks and laughs lightly as Cas' eagerness. He bunches the back of trenchcoat and tells Cas to hold it. Both his hands go around Cas to unbuckle the pants all the while rutting the Angel's hole.
Cas nods and picks up his short-kimono blue robe, throwing his glasses at Zach who splutters out of the pool, the goggles heat his head as Cas starts running for his freedom oblivion to the fact it's already taken from him.
He squeaks when Dean comes at him again, his arm barricading Cas hip, fingertips barely touching his. Cas gazes at the Alpha with wide blue eyes not understanding the smug look plastered on the handsome face. "Sorry, can't do that."
The older one is so tired that he doesn't even protest just falls into his numbness. He turns to Dean who kept watching him like a hawk, ready to tackle Cas if the omega tried something "Please...take them to the healer."
But when nimble fingers came at his cock palming it, he couldn't stop and he gripped onto the omega's waist invading his tongue inside Cas's warm mouth. He growled taking both of omega's hands and pinning it over his head.
Cas bites his lips and steps away from the shower, still keeping the shower head on, he takes the soft towel from the rack and dries himself.
Tears stream down his eyes as cries of Castiel ring in his ears, pleading, begging them to stop Naomi.
he says with a sigh "Cas, I know you miss them but after what happened yesterday at the station, it has messed with the Angel radio, and now I'm sure Raphael knows of our whereabouts. We are walking on thin ice brother, we can't afford to show ourselves."
He paused, rasing his eyebrows at Castiel who was guzzling down on the food like he hasn't eaten for months, which on it self is rare. "What's up with you, babe?"
When Cas opened his eyes again, he thought everything was a dream maybe he had too much to drink. But obviously he was wrong when he sees the Alpha in front of him. The man is crouching looking at Cas with a worry making Cas utterly confused, the Alpha holds an ice cube to his lips.
"D-dean..." Cas moans his name so beautifully that Dean starts leaking, wanting to fuck the omega right on the chair. He groans and starts jerking his hand up and down over cock. He slides between Cas's stretched-out legs, other hand gripping onto the seat behind Cas.
Dean snorted "No, he is not." Of course, Cas wouldn't, they were in public and his omega has a very shy demeanor, he would never-
He stops to let his brother-in-law catch up with him, he smiles as the bees and butterflies attach themselves to his hair. Sam huffs at being left behind but when he sees Cas giggling and playing with the animals, a look of awe and happiness in his adorable face, he stops his nagging.
He crouches near Cas's seat and puts a hand on the bare knee, looking at his ocean eyes with concern "Are you alright?"
Cas felt his slick wetting his hole. He should die, how can he feel aroused by a Barbarian King who kidnapped him.
The omega was burning with embarrassment. Yesterday night was something he wants to forget but it seems like Dean is to happy to remind him again.
But Dean doesn't even look up from his phone a second, they thrive from shop to shop but he ignores Cas. Cas was happy at the beginning but he is getting frustrated as the time goes by. He sees Benny's and other bodyguard's hands overloading with bags.
"I'm not. Dean surely asked me, but I gave no information and he accepted it. I only came here because of Jo and only that." The fondness by which the words were said, the omega had no choice but to believe his cousin.
Cas who is talking to a bee sitting on his finger, looks up at the chortle. He laughs when a dark oringish fawn snuggles to his stomach. "Gabi..." he whispers again leaning his head on the fawn's, who hops around him disturbing the insects laying around.
He doesn't look at Dean, staring at the pillow at his left. He heard Dean's snarl as the man breathed heavily on his neck, Cas felt goosebumps rise, as Dean hisses at him "If you hit me again.."
He feels coldness on his bump, meaning he is being sat over the car's hood. He can hear more noises but can't decipher them. He puts his hand on the car hood, they are itching to remove the fold but he stops.
"Oh good your here," Sam came back directing their attention to him, he asked "I have to report to Dean, will you be with Cas?"
"Cas?" Dean leaned forward caressing his omega's hand lightly, Sam and Benny looked at each other before nodding and leaving the couple for some privacy.
Putting a hand over his mouth, Cas tried stopped the bile rising in his throat. He breathed through his nose at the overwhelming terrifying pictures littering his mind. "When Dean found about it, he was burning with rage and thrust for Roman's blood. He thrusted the rod through Dick's windpipe without even a flinch and I watched him to do this, when it was all over i felt... pleased... relived."
Have you ever thought of the day, someone suddenly scrolled through your phone and realised that you had no life except Destiel?
He decides to fake his confidence since he has already shown his vulnerability, rolling his eyes at how the irrational part of his brain seemed to enjoy Alpha's closure so much. He picks up his wardrobe slipping it over himself, it's a red maxi dress showing his back, with a slit down his left leg. It's too much eye catching and with his heels nobody is gonna think he's about to escape.
"Like hell, I can't. I'm not leaving you with that Winchester." Gabriel shrieked shocked that Cas even thought that the older one is going to leave him.
The angel looked up innocently and honey dribbled from his chin,"I'm hungry and I have a baby to feed now too."
Groaning lightly he picks up his heels in one hand and opens the door "Dog poop" he curses when the door creaks, born into a holy Christian family Cas has not been very good with slang and curses most of the best he has learned is from his brother Gabriel and Michael prohibits any bad language. He contemplates for a second thinking maybe the shadow would come back but nobody does.
As he moved towards the bar downstairs, he recognized the person tending to the drinks and it was no other than Rowena herself. She smiled toothily as he reached her
The demon beside her chimed in "You can say that. But-" he gave a dramatic looking at her in question "What were
He got up swiftly, groaning as he stepped out of the room with his files to meet the dealers. He didn't want to leave his omega and he wished if everything happened in another way, with Cas unknown to his mob life.
Cas feels the rock beneath his feet shaking, in mere seconds it leaps upwards as hot raging lava touches its ends. Cas looks at his husband wide eyed shaking in fear. Dean gives him a last look of determination before the slight block of lock turns into an eagle like creature, thousands of size bigger than Cas. Its wings flowing with magma feathers as it let's a high growl, breaking rocks mixed with hot magma.
So many people has tried to bring the leader behind the bars but the govt. services never have enough evidence. He realises the notorious leader police is trying to catch is none other than his captor, Dean Winchester, the Alpha's Alpha.
Jo lets out a shaky breath, her hands behind her back standing straight "Dean he provoked me. He said that-"
Cas let's out breath after breath, water blowing through his lips, he's sitting on the shower floor, letting the water making him feel some sensation because he needs it. Needs it bad, he's back in the room he got out of. He can't believe that all of this is happening to him.
Sam grinds his teeth and Adam curses knowing what's about to go down "Then what are you good for? Just eating donuts and drinking coffee."
Cas laid his head over Dean's chest as the man circled his right arm over his shoulder, he noticed a stiff bulge over Dean's trousers. But the Alpha was doing nothing about it and he was too tired and embarrassed to do something but he kind of wanted Dean to tell him to touch him.
He looks down, cringing more when Balthazar groans, and curses the father of the Winchester clan. "Those boys are nothing but trouble, and you're still rooting for them."
up." Dean snapped, his voice ringing in the room. He was not surprised when Alastair's mouth sealed closed. Dean breathed out, his eyes bleeding black and red.
But even of that, Cas didn't get out from between Dean's hands just stayed there letting the Alpha appreciate his adorable future mate. Dean was going to thank Charlie later for doing this for him, but right now he had an apple pie to enjoy with his kitten.
Cas stumbled flushing adorably as Dean glared at his cock-blocking brother "If you hate third-wheeling so much, then find a beauty for yourself, Sammy. Don't ruin my fun."
Free... it's a delightful feeling and that is what Cas feels without the suit Jimmy used to wear. Cas never knew he was claustrophobic until the black-white combination left his body. Dressed in a black tank top, checkered grey flannel, black shorts, and black shoes having time of his life.
And if he rejected Max then it was an obvious sign that Cas has agreed that he belonged to no one but Dean. She thumbed her hand to the music watching as Cas and twins danced gracefully, laughing now then. Max spun both the omega and his sister in each of his arms. They all had delighted looks on their faces which was good.
Dean licks on the bruises he inflated on Cas' neck. He pulls out slowly making a smacking sound. He blinks when a handkerchief is dangled infront of his face. "I didn't pick you for the type who kept handkerchiefs."
He pouted at how there scent mixed together like a sync even without being mated. Only true Alpha pair has this kind of profound bond, and Cas was so far on believing that him and Dean could be that. His thoughts were silenced by the said man entering the camp making Cas tense and touch the dagger.
He doesn't want to make space for Dean in his heart but the Alpha is so frustrating. When Cas is sure about running away from the man, Dean pulls off this caring side that makes him go all gooey. He sighs in exhaustion feeling another round of headache coming up. It seems like this is his life now fainting, waking up, fainting and waking up again.
Cas sniffles and wipes tear from his cheek giving no reply. Dean continues "I promise it will be good year. I just need to react quicker, 'cuz I lose my vigilance when I'm around you."
Cas backs up a bit when the blonde jumps from the bed ruthlessly staring at him "You are no angel, you're a
Shaking his head he looks outside in awe at the beautiful scenery, trying to decipher what place is this? A flock of birds fly over the mountains, the breathtaking glaciers going over the clouds, he gasps looking at the sky. He can't even describe the feeling of the beautiful scenery, his blue eyes shine when a train passes by the mountain creating a picture-perfect landscape. Even without thinking words fell out of his mouth "...Wow" He whispers in wonder sliding the glasses down.
Cas takes his hand back just as fast holding his breath, listening if Dean woke up or not. When there's no reaction, he frowns and pokes the man again but it only gets him a loud snore in retort making him annoyed. Cas closes his eyes huffing and just shakes Dean's shoulder. What comes next is
Cas couldn't believe it, it was this easy to get away from the Dean's clutches. He felt like he was on top the world, he got out of Dean's hostage. Knight of Hell, his foot, Cas scoffed as he skidded towards the woods.
Cas looks at Dean, who is looking at him with a patient expression. This is the first time, he's seen this look on Dean. He nods puts his leg back over Dean's lap who raps a bandage around it.
He looked over to see one male and one female with tanned skins getting comfortable in their seats. He hunched over himself, as he looked at them suspiciously. They were both Betas but still stronger than him "Hi, I like your dress."
A knock came on his door getting him out of his thoughts, he stood up to open it but not before covering Cas with the comforter. Sam was at the other side with seven files in his hand, "It smells like a brothel in here."
. Stepping down the stairs he moved towards the dining room, peering through the slight crack in the door. His stomach dropped when he saw the number of people present on the table.
The omega was so close to moaning, the roughness of Dean's shirt was rubbing on his back, the plump lips mouthing at the Neko's neck lightly. "W-we shouldn't be doing this, Dean. Anyone could come." He said trying to get out but the Alpha has him covered from all sides.
His fate was decided just the day he was born and he excepts it fully with wide arms. He can only wish that his husband treats him right, not just as some broodmare. For an Omega, Cas can fight better than any Betas, but not Alphas because those are born for it with blood raging with fire and aggression.
He gasps when he feels a breath on the back of his neck "Do you want to touch it?" Oh yes, Cas does want to touch it, he holds back a whine when Dean's cock comes in contact with his ass crack. His hand itches to touch his cock, but he doesn't. He perceives that Dean wants to show how much he is affecting Cas but the omega's not going to back down.
"I know. But we need to keep a watch on him, Cas isn't the brightest sometimes but he's smart enough to slip away." He said sharpening his first blade, it was made of jawbone of Cain who was posing as a donkey when Dean slammed his sword through the head of the man, he broke the First Son' bones part by part for the crimes of killing.
The omega bit his lip, the picture was too mindblowing. His pinkish hole clutched around nothing when he thought about Dean's tongue rubbing on his tits teasing them before he nipped at them with his sharp teeth.
He flushed at the compliment and also at the fact how easily Rowena understood that he was trying to please the Alpha.
"I don't..Sam gave me, now clean....me. Pleeeeease Deeean." Dean can't say no when Cas looks back at him like this, his eyelashes covered in tears ocean eyes shining, the angel is gorgeous like apple pie with whipped cream on top.
Swallowing Cas licks the wipcream of his lips, and whines "I don't know, I'm just hungry. I came so I can ask you to check what's happening with me?"
Dean shrugs patting their shoulders and moved towards Cas who was glaring at anyone and everyone while trying to get out of the cuffs. Dean's demeanor changed to worry on seeing the bruises forming over the sun-kissed body from minutes ago.
Cas grunted snapping his sword in the enemy's chest and pushing forward, "You okay?" He asked Gabriel, who has fallen when a soldier jumped at them from nowhere pushing him down. The younger one helped his brother up, their robes have gotten all ripped while running and they don't even have enough time to put on their armor.
"Shhh Angel." Dean whispers and pulls Cas for a long hard kiss. Cas moans in the kiss as the couple exchange saliva and pleasured noises. Dean grasp on Castiel's tie sliding it down and pushes him back on the wall of the closet.
After moments of awkward silence, Cas has decided to look around. The place contained several rooms, a big kitchen, basketball coat, gym, swimming pool, and a
omega." He says gazing over his sleeping beauty. Rowena claps him on his shoulder instructing him to call her before she's out the door.
After she left, Cas kept packing but he can feel Gabriel's eyes piercing him like needles. "You know, I need to do this," Cas whispered, his eyes started watering as he pulled the crown from his head, his father told him sacrifices for the family never goes vain. Pressing his lips in a thin line he contained his tears but when Gabe's warm hand rested on his back he started sobbing.
She nodded, her hair swinging. Cas liked her aura, having another omega was somewhat comforting even if she is part of a deadly organization. "I was wondering when could we spend some time together, I have been begging Dean to let us meet but everytime he just says that he doesn't want you to get overwhelmed."
"Castiel" Lucifer glared at him wearing the mask of Samuel Winchester. "Did you just Molotov my brother with holy fire?" Cas flinches back a little scared "Uhh... I'm sorry?"
Dean's heart clinches at the despair in Cas's voice "Hey, Hey. I got you, angel." He lays Cas on the floor before he goes back to the Demon and punches him making blood rush out. He picks him up and knees at the Demon's stomach before pushing him to the wall head butting him. He sees red and keeps punching before he feels pair of arms dragging him forcefully.
It was like a huge rock lifted off her shoulders, Charlie's whole face lit up making the omega's heart melt. She started "Good, let me give a tour of my workplace. Or we could watch rerun's of Game of Thrones. You like GOT right?"
Balthazar let out a huff of cheer and raised his cone to something over his shoulder in a toast-like manner. Dean frowned and was about to ask what it was about when the politician asked confused "Is he going to bathe in the fountain?"
He walks straight into it, chiding happily. Letting out a very warm breath of air towards the ceiling to unfreeze the salactite. Hw watches in awe as a drop of water falls from it to the unfreezed lake. The moose stares at the lake without blinking, holding his breath for the miracle to happen.
"I-um...Yeah, everything's fine." He made his voice high-pitched cheerful, to make his brother believe in his lie. Even though he would be the worst liar in the whole world.
Cas stripped of his clothes, he knows Dean's eyes were on him watching him with a desire. The omega has never felt like this but tonight he's over it, he wants to be touched, kissed, fucked and so much more. It has been 9 weeks since he was brought here, he was getting antsy looking at Dean.
Cas looks up through lashes and smiles as he kneels down. "I learned it from the babysitter." He says still looking at Dean who is gazing down at the angel lustfully.
The Alpha snarled, pressing his body to Cas more. The omega's hands were crossed behind his middle by the Alpha in a tight grip, the metal of Dean's armor scratching against his naked back burning the area. "Cas, not for nothing but the last person who looked at me like that. I got laid." The Alpha snarks with a cocky grin and a wink.
"It wasn't me who changed you, it was the maid." Dean says in a comforting manner like that makes everything so simple. Cas clinches his jaw hugging the blanket to his chest, though he is relaxed that the twisted man didn't lay his hands on him.
"Shut up Michael, the seats were too harsh on my back." He says feeling the soreness in his bones and making him numb from the long flight. Right now he just wants to lay for a bit but obviously, his brother is having none of it. Michael pushes him off to sit up and says "Hey don't sleep, it's your Birthday get ready."
When they were infront of a big gate, Cas was a little confused. The room looked big enough to not just be for a mere guest even if the said guest was King's future mate. "Alfie made some changes so you could feel at home more." Dean directed as he held the door for him.
Cas sighs happily carding his fingers through Sam's fur. His eyes snap open when a chilly wind blows against his face. He pulls away from Sam as they both look towards the entrance, a long path of snow covered road, trees lacking their leaves.
"Well your sensing correct, but my apologies if I sound rube but I am sure we are not here for the topic of second genders." Cas knows he shouldn't talk to an Alpha or the man who he has to condict business with like this but it pisses him off when people talk about his second gender during business meetings. They are here to do a job not drinking beer like old friends. He continues "And about why you
Gabriel nodded thinking his brother was finished but then he said something that made his a rock drop in his stomach "Call the sorceress." He looked at Lucifer with tear stricken eyes biting his lip.
Dean gulped, he was on the edge of taking Cas but if he did, he would never be able to forgive himself for the fact that he took advantage of someone's state, especially
"Give us a name" Crowley banged his hand at the table and for some reason Claire mimicked him shouting "Yeah, Bitch give us a name."
"Yeah, Dean I can't believe you kept it in your pants." Sam says skeptically as other snickers around them.
He glides his hands up towards Cas's underwear, feeling the grip tighten on his jacket. Skimming his fingers up Dean strokes his omega. He feels delighted with the hitch of breath Cas gives him. Then he hears something that he wants to listen on repeat.
But he is surprised when exhaling Dean nudges on his neck before nibbling his earlobe. Cas gasps letting out a broken moan as blood rushed down. Dean's hand comes up at his jaw, he closes his eyes at the gentle hold.
Cas let out a huff of laugh watching the three people run, he looked over his shoulder at the grave one last time. A soft wind blew past him like Amelia was here.
He looked at the man through his eyelashes, giving Dean a luring look as he touched the hard chest, running his fingers over the warm body before he pulled away knowing how much it irritated the man infront of him as he said "Or else you will never see it again."
Frowning back Cas looks down at himself, checking inside his trenchcoat jacket "I don't see any changes. Maybe it's because I'm an archangel"
"Um...Joanna can you leave, I need to talk with my brother?" Gabriel asked the girl who looked reluctant to leave the future Queen of her kingdom but a smile and nod from Cas were enough for her.
Cas sits up, keeping his gaze down at the floor. He presses his lips in a thin line, trying to reason with himself. He fairly misses the comforting heat from Dean's body but does not show it, he looks at his barely covered lap in fright gasping for breath, his lips shaking in terror when he hears Dean's voice "I-I'm sorry Cas."
He exhales when there's no annoying creak this time. And walks out the door proudly before scooting back down. He takes steps down the stairs, his bare feet hitting the tiles, he takes different direction because last time got so amazing for him.
"Yeah, it was my colleague. She wanted to confirm about Benny." He smiled secretly when Dean hovered over him like a lost puppy just watching him cook with a pleased smile. After putting the pie inside the oven all they had to do was wait...Easier said than done.
Cas's blue eyes fixated on the muscular Alpha, Dean didn't look like the type who speak his heart but the Alpha did to
"We are so screwed." Balthazar confirms, turning up more desserts for new baby mama who eats the food like a pig, but a cute one at that.
Claire practically jumped on his lap, cuddling and wailing in his arms as the angel ran his hands through her hair rocking in his chair. "I promise to find your mother okay?" He suggested.
The only sound coming was of his breathing, and people walking outside. He pondered his thoughts the idea of Dean with someone else nagged at him, before he shook his head and sat up determined to get his answers.
"My name's Dean. Dean Michael Winchester. Ruler of Kansa Indians and I have come to take you with me, Cas."
Dean's blood boils when the guy's hand straight up goes Cas's waist. He feels a hand on his shoulder and was about to snap at the owner. Then he sees Sam looking at him in sympathy though his eyes are defined shining with amusement. "It's alright Dean, that guy's gonna die anyway."
"What's there to hide? We both have the same parts...wait do you have boobs? Or you suddenly grew testicles?" Cas shut the door on his brother's face, Gabe had no filter, doesn't he understand that it is not right to talk such things so openly.
" The man's voice is low and softly deep. Dean likes it, it soothes him, he looks at figure who is still smiling "Stay for me."
Benny lowered his gun and slowly took steps towards Cas taking the omega's hand. "Let's get ya outta here, 'kay?" He said putting a coat on his shoulder as he led him out.
Dean smirks, as Bobby turns red. He glares at him "And he stitched it back up, Idjit." Dean shrugged uncaring, Bobby gripped Dean from back of his head as he said worried "Kid, you know this is wrong. He doesn't
When he is on board, Dean looks around and his eyes focus on pretty little Castiel. The omega is sitting at the far end of the jet, away from all the rest sulking.
Sliding off the bed, he slowly walks towards the window. He looks down and feels a chuckle engulf from within himself. There are Sam, Benny and 2 women with Dean. Sam is laughing after throwing cream pie over Dean's face, and others are also doing the same thing. There is a redhead with her hair covered with cake who looks close to the woman Cas saw in his Macbook some time ago, she jumps on Sam's shoulder smearing the cake over him.
"Ow, Ro-Ro" The girl wailed but the redhead didn't even blink. "We were trying to get to know our new pack mom" The boy said doing his best to get out from Rowena's grip.
The omega was speechless, looking into Dean's eyes that held so much truth. Biting his lip Cas turned away laughing "I didn't took for being this cheesy." He mocked elbowing Dean's side lightly though from the bulging muscles on the blonde man's body it would only feel like a low breeze to Dean.
Now, he was somewhat calm. He registered the air around the camp, everything smelt like Dean, the Alpha had an earthy scent to him, mixed with woods and apples. Everybody used to tell Cas how his own scent was something like honey, lavender, and everything pure.
Both Cas and Claire were on the food just as it was placed, Gabriel said frowning "Claire I can understand but Cassie have some
Sam nodded, that was ethical after all hustle created because of Cas's arrival in the compound. "Can I know what is the file about?"
"Well Jo is out of question, and others are busy." He grunted out, "Garth is the only one who looks like isn't gonna pounce on my mate."
Cas nods along but it surely comes to him as a surprise that Dean is involved in politics. Though the Alpha did say he's wealthy which means good financial banking. But this is also so disconcerting, he asks worrying his bottom lip between his teeth "Is this 'friend' of yours is also...involved in your...mob business and drug trafficking?"
Dean shot her smirk but shook his head to the silent question going on her mind. He wasn't interested in anyone but Cas.
Benny smiles at the cuteass couple infront of his eyes, Dean is too selfless and Benny can bet his life that there is nobody better than Cas for him. And he promises to protect this nice, warm ray of sunshine named Castiel, who is about to be welcomed into their dysfunctional family. "Well, I will leave you two love birds alone."
Castiel threw the holy oil at Michael lending him on fire as he screamed in agony before vanishing. This could give them some time while Dean tried to bring back Sam. Dean looked at Cas incredulously as he asked "Assbutt???" Cas shrugged his shoulders as he said quickly breathing heavily "He'll be back and.... upset. But you got your 5 mins"
Alistair, his dad used to trust him. He was their right hand man but when he stole from his family the first time instead of killing him, his dad let the bastard go. Big mistake!!!
Cas was right, Dean Winchester is an assbutt. His hand caught on a pillow which he threw at the Alpha who laughed and fell back in the bed grinning as Cas sat up sulking. "How can you laugh like that, Dean? I was so scared."
He sighed and undressed, getting under the shower to get his thoughts back up. He grasped on the fact how little he knew about the Alpha's love affair in the past.
He steps out and says "Let's catch this assbutt." Dean chuckles and looks up to comment but it dies in his throat when he looks at his angel. Hot Damn, Dean nods unable to form words. He follows behind Cas trying hard not to focus on the distance between the angel's ass and his cock.
Gabriel's playful voice broke out a chuckle from Cas, he has missed this even of being in someone's captive, his mood seems to lighten up just by hearing from his siblings.
"Suck it..." The Alpha orders softly, passing the cold ice cube past his chapped lips. The man's thumb caress his lips, his fingers lingered on Cas lips far too long for his liking. Cas can feel a tinge of whiskey on his tongue from the ice "You had a bad reaction to the sedative. I didn't know you had a heart problem."
"Oh Really? You can survive without a horse, any food or... water, just alone..." Dean asked him with a raised eyebrow, Cas held the deepest urge to punch him right now. He was going to get exiled without a drop of water, that is so unfair.
If the Alpha had done the last one then Cas was more than happy but luck is never on the omega's side so when he opened his eyes fully Sam and Benny were staring right at him with big smiles. "Its lunch time, brother-in-law."
Bobby looks at him unimpressed, if the boy thinks he is soft like Crowley. Then he ain't fellas, he isn't gonna falling for their childish antics. He shakes his head and hisses "Dean, my boy how did you let him get to the gun? He could have
Cas eyes catch water droplets going down the glorious abs, as his eyes inches down. His blue eyes settle on something thick, long, and broad surrounded by thick black curls. Cas feels his own cock harden just by looking at Alpha's girth, he turns away feeling ashamed of himself.
"I'm hungry." He says pushing out his lips in a moue, Dean looks down at Cas's hand and then back at the shorter man. Nobody has ever done this, they would've probably had their hands ripped off before even coming two arm distance. His eyes shot in mirth, annoying Cas more who pulls his hand back, folding them behind his back not looking at Dean, he plays with the green grass beneath their feet sullenly.
Cas looks up at Dean stunned, he throws the comfort off him and gets out of the bed flailing, the bed is too high for him and snaps "Depart? Where to? What are you talking about?"
Cas feels like he is gonna pass out from oxygen deprivation, he whimpers as thoughts go through his mind, he is kidnapped on his vacation to Sicily, by a guy who is hot as hell but is also
The ringing on the other side continued before he heard a click meaning that someone has picked up his call, he had barely let a word out when Michael's shouting reached in his ear
Dean calls out for a maid to change Castiel's clothes. He takes his own clothes from the cupboard and leaves the room instructing the maid to clean up and remove the previous items present there.
The blonde man's posture was screaming that he wanted to storm towards Cas and pin him to the wall but he was resisting because of their deal. His green eyes bore in every muscle of Cas's body making the omega moan.
He scowled pouting when he saw Dean's wolfish smile. Sam looking away pressing his lips together to not smile, Benny hid his own smirk turned away from the omega and Jo was holding in a snigger behind her hand. Cas felt so dumb, why did he chose
His lips part letting out a choked sound when Dean nibbles his ear and pinches his tit at the same time, pulling at it. His length starts filling up when Dean's thumb flick to play more with the hard nube.
Then Dean points upwards beyond the tree line, Cas looks up to see another breathtaking view of stars aligned on the night sky. Cas breaths out, feeling blood rush in his ears and cheeks, tears forming beneath his eyes. He bites his lips, thinking of ways to hate Dean but it's getting harder and harder.
Nothing about this is funny to Cas, he was thrown around like a rag just minutes ago. He makes to pull the trigger looking at the Alpha in his eyes, but Dean's hand comes down to his wrists thrusting the gun away ringing the shot above the mantle, he twists Cas' arm behind his back, pushing him to the wall.
When Cas woke up, he felt a warm presence beside him in the bed. His eyelashes flickered adjusting to the light coming from the big windows.
Dean was with him, in his bed. Laying just inches away, with arms folded under his head, all bare-chested without a shirt on. Cas resists the temptation to ogle at the handsome Alpha but it's so hard.
What the fuck is happening. “Uh, sure. Yeah.” Cas said, rubbing the back of his neck, trying to figure out what to do and say.
With each number, it felt like they were getting farther and farther from Jack’s voice; it also felt like they were falling. Dean’s vision gradually grew darker, until he could only see black and felt like he was being whipped forward. It sounded like straight angel radio but now it was all around them, encompassing the both of them and making it impossible to try to talk or distinguish any of the sounds. Then all of that stopped in a sort of pop.
“Dude, what the hell is going on here? How do all of these people know who we are? I keep feeling people staring ever since we entered the diner.” Dean said while fidgeting in his seat.
“Hold on tight!” Dean yelled as he twisted the key and the engine started. It was really loud and Cas didn’t have a chance to answer before Dean started to take off and Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s stomach.
Meanwhile, Sam and Dean were figuring out what kinds of clothes Dean and Cas were going to wear from that era. Dean, believe it or not, could pretty much wear exactly what he wore every day. Cas on the other hand, would seem really weird if he was walking around in a suit and trench coat, in any time period. So, they had to figure out what he could wear. They ended up going to Lawrence to see if they could find any thrift stores or Goodwills that would have what they were looking for.
“Oh, yeah, hey Hester I’m fine. I think it’s just the lighting or something in here. I didn’t really recognize you when you came up to me.” Cas said, stumbling over his words as he tried to seem just mildly confused and not completely bewildered and overwhelmed like he was actually feeling right now. Why does everyone know who he is and why isn’t this Anna like the Anna back home? It feels like something was incredibly wrong but Cas just couldn’t put his finger on it.
Dean had already sat his menu down and was looking around for a waitress when someone who he’d never thought he’d seen again came walking over to their table.
“Wait why are we going to the park?” Jack said, tilting his head to the side like a lost puppy. He was still getting the hang of colloquial talk but he was coming around.
“Okay. Let’s go out back and you can fly us somewhere away from all of these people. Then we can go through all that happened.” Dean said and Cas nodded in agreeance before Dean grabbed hold of Cas’ wrist and pulled him along to the front door. The light breeze outside felt a lot better than the heavy warmth of the overly crowded house. Dean let go of Cas’ arm when they got outside and he walked around the house where there wasn’t anyone to see them disappear. Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and thought of going to that motel they had seen when researching for a place to stay while they would be there trying to find and retrieve the weapons.
“Oh my God Cas! I’ve been looking for you everywhere! I had to ask around town to figure out if anyone’d seen you. A girl walking over here told me that ‘Castiel was supposed to be at the Delta party down the street’. And Lisa? But it wasn’t Lisa, she acted a little off and how could that be Lisa, Cas? It’s 1965 not 2018! And is there any reason people actually know you by name here too?” Dean said grabbing onto Cas’ arm and dragging him out of the way of someone drunkenly sloshing their drink in his direction.
Hester seemed very content and was looking at him in a way that seemed way too intimate for someone whom he had just met. Cas stopped dancing. It was Dean, right across the room, and he was staring wide eyed at a girl who looked to be Lisa. The Lisa that Dean had to leave behind so that he could keep her and Ben safe, and to continue hunting. He pulled her into a long hug, and then started talking emphatically about one thing or another.
“Come on Cas, daydreaming over there? Let’s go grab a booth and eat. I’m starving.” Dean said interrupting Cas’ train of thought.
They started slowing down after a while and Cas opened his eyes to find them in front of a pretty decent looking diner.
Cas jumped, there was a girl with curly blond hair tugging him back where he came from. “Who are you?” Cas said. The girl stepped back and tilted her head sideways, her eyebrows came down into a frown and she looked as confused as Cas felt.
Dean was wearing his usual clothes; gray undershirt, dark-blue and white flannel, his brown leather jacket, a pair of blue jeans, and his brown boots. Cas walked in then.
“You okay there buddy? Ever been on a motorcycle before?” Dean said, with that stupid grin splayed all across his face. God help him he loved it still.
‘I’ve got to figure out what’s happening and where Dean is. Now.’ Cas closed his eyes and rubbed his temples, trying to think with the noise of many extremely rowdy and drunk people laughing and singing along to the Beatles around him. He turned around and accidentally ran into a shorter, red-haired woman. Cas realized that it was his sister. Of all people his fucking sister Anna.
“Here’s two regulars for both of you boys. A cheeseburger with French fries and a milkshake. Enjoy you two.” Ellen said, barreling through Deans attempted, pathetic confession and making him lose any confidence he has mustered up to even get that far. Cas noticed how Dean deflated, the wind taken out of his sails and how sheepishly he glanced at Cas.
Cas used this distraction to slip away from Anna, who wasn’t his Anna, but Cas didn’t know why. He started making his way toward the window to try and see if he knew the person on the bike.
None of their leads were working out, and it was a pain in the ass finding new ones. Dean asked Cas if he’d go up to heaven and ask someone upstairs if they could help at all. So he did.
“Nope I don’t know who’s here.” Cas said distractedly as he continued to crane his head over Hester’s head and look around the room in search for Dean. There has to be a way to get out of this insufferable conversation so he can figure out what happened. He needs to make it somewhere that isn’t this crowded so he can fly to Dean and see where he went and what happened to him.
Crowley breathed heavily he was sitting on top of the Gregori's dead body with blood painted upon his black clothing and face. Gabe exhaled cleaning his knife and wiping blood form his face, the rogue angel has gotten powerful by feeding all these years at lost souls.
Cas doesn't make any move again, not trusting any of the people. He gasps when he hears click of the gun, Dean has thrown from his hand and the first time he actually held a gun. He hears Dean ordering someone.
Cas and Claire both turned to him confused by the outburst. The messenger of Lord declares "If you forgot Castiel, you're now the Mother Mary carrying Father knows how many fledglings. You can't just puddle around Earth in this condition."
The archangel glared at his older brother when Claire looked down sorrowful that she again lost the last hope of finding her mother. He stood up from his chair and shouted "Yes I am"
Cas recognizes the blond hair from the night, there's a burned scar on the woman's head. Her hair is tied in a neat ponytail, but what is more dreadful is he realizes from the scar and hair that this woman is no one else but Joanna Harvelle, the well-known assassin with unknowing kill counts but no proof to take her into custody.
"Come on baby, take me to my angel." He starts the car and steps on the accelerator. He looks for the creepy empty houses, barns, or anything straight out of Conjuring.
Cas came out after a long time, he can understand the excitement. He can't wait to see his brother's reaction when he sees his Consort again after so long. He yelps when feels something wet in his winkle, he looks down and sees a small fawn looking him mischievously, Gabriel.
Dean laughs out loud when he sees the comical expression of his brother, he jokes how Gabe and Sam got too wild in the wilderness, while Gabe chews on Cas' robe for exposing his secret.
me? You have never even been to Kansas, where are you going to live? And what about your job here? How are-"
His eyes snap to the Alpha when he hears a crunch, his eyes bug out of his socket seeing he broke Dean's nose. Is he really
Dean frowns trying to form equations in his mind that what Bobby is talking about, he is sure half the time the man himself doesn't know what he's talking about. Dean opens his mouth to reply something, but comes up with nothing. He grins showing all his front teeth "No, I got nothing. What are you talking about?"
His heartbeat rocketed, he felt bad for lying to his siblings. They were the only people he has and Lucifer too. And he felt so bad and guilty for worrying them, he breathed heavily putting the phone away for a second before he said "I have been offered a job here in Kansas and it's going to be a 1-year contract."
'I'm waiting for my punishment.' He knows its not right way to treat someone but he can't help and yawn already bored by her antics. Shutting off his phone Dean stares out the window, the city lights illuminating on the car. He remembers when he was little, his mom tried to fool him by saying these are fireflies. His mother was an amazing person, she was an omega but she had more authority than Alphas. She was one of the best fighters.
Squeezing his eyes Gabriel nodded and smiled pecking his brother's cheek "Get well soon. Since Cas isn't here, I only have you to play pranks on."
That audacity triggered Cas in both good and bad ways, Good because he wasn't going to go back and bad because Dean's rough voice made him want to submit to the Alpha.
The omega was grateful that he was leaning on the table because his legs were about to give out when Dean's pressed to his back. "D-dean...what are you doing?" He asked staring at the bowl, he didn't turn to look at the man because he was sure that the Alpha was so close that they might kiss if he did.
Cas came back and quickly laid on the bed, he didn't even realize it was Dean's bed. He snuggled to the pillow and let the tears fall, he feels so broken, it is like he lost his wings again. Stupid human emotions!!! He feels tired, lost, hurt, it's too much for him. He snuggles more in the pillow and falls asleep.
The expression on the girl's face conjures in understanding as she nods "Well, I'm sure you will be a great parent. And with your looks, you are killing it."
Cas chuckled looked down at the dance floor before he looked back at Dean again cupping the Alpha's cheek "You don't know me, Dean. I am a little rebel and I never go along with what I am told."  He took Dean's hand and put it over his erection, to let the Alpha know what his presence done to Cas.
Cas tilted his head when the only look matched his cousin's face was confusion as she replied "I gave no such thing to the King. I know you think of me as the lowest right now, but I would never go this far."
"I still don't get it, Cassie. We can just make stuff for the baby, why do you want to buy it?" Balthazar asks raising his eyebrows at the chubby girl who stares at them intensely.
okay, so i wanted to ask you guys that what should Dean gift Cas, in series Castiel doesn't want much but that he serves for people's benefits and help everyone but it doesn't turn out the way he wants. So i am in dilemma so please give some suggestions in the comment section.
Without thinking Cas embraced his sister, crying as he said "I missed you." Anna's small hands rubbed at his back as she kissed his head.
Cas' feels his legs tremble from the flush coming from the sun, Dean's lips twitch in amusement "Maybe you should accept the adventure fate has decided for you."
Sam takes a bite of some salad in his plate, nodding his head like he hasn't just told Cas, he is meters away from his vacation spot. Cas thinks over while chewing on the bacon, if he's in America, he can already take a car or bus for going back. But he doesn't have money and anything else is already taken from him, so he isn't sure how long he can go if he did ran away. He looks at Sam in fake confidence trying to sound not caring "Can you be more specific?"
When I wrote another one of my fanfic I was not decided on anything, my main goal was about Cas finding out about his life but then as I just started writing more I realised that I also want a character development for Dean.
Cas looks down at the little girl, waiting to see what is she going to do. She says lowly staring away from him "...I-I'm s-sorry."
And I was thinking about writing another Destiel fic, this one I'm gonna make Dean extra-extra possessive and they're gonna be medical students. So what do you think I should write about it or what?
Cas doesn't show his irritation at the reply he gets, Sam piles some bacon on Cas' plate with scrambled egg, crossaints and other exotic fruits. Cas doesn't touch the mouthwatering dishes, he just looks at the little brother and asks "Where am I?"
"Just something for work." Cas explained with his hands on his hips "And you better not lose it or I'll make Dean sick you for that."
When the shadow is gone, Cas waits for some more minutes before he stands up taking support from couch arm and walls. He looks at his heels, he knows saving himself is important but they are so pricey. If he left them, he would be going in a guilt trip.
He let a stray tear fall from his eyes biting his cracked lips so hard that he could taste the metallic taste of blood. Dean snapped his head away from looking around to looking at Cas when he smelt saltiness of tears and blood. He licked his lips not knowing on what to do next, he was better with actions then words so he leaned down on Cas's bare neck nuzzling at it. The omega stilled staring ahead but did not move away, the feel of Dean's light blonde stubble felt good at his cold skin.
"Come on, Cas." He looked at the hand Dean offered to help him get down. Cas ignored the hand getting down on his own, but his dress caught with stirrup. He yelped ready to get his face planted on the rocks and dirt but the blonde Alpha caught him around his shoulder and waist.
The man is testing his anger, he takes three striding steps infront of Alistair, puts his foot on the boulder leaning his arms no it, with his expression hostile "You will be erased." He voice was barely above whisper but stronger than a growl, as his hand twitched to lay more punches "There would be no trace left of you...like you never existed. That will be your..... punishment."
Cas rolls his eyes at the humor of the people in this mansion. He tells Benny to wait as he goes back in his room to fix his hair and dress, applying a little to no makeup. And hooks his arms with Benny's starting their walk to wherever Dean is.
Benny smells like a Beta and is also mated, he has a soft scent to him that relaxes Cas and apparently, the man also recognizes him. When the bulky man sees him first, there's a slight smile on his face even though he's covered in blood. His accent is a bit weird for Cas since he has never heard that before "It's good' to see'ya again, Short-cake."
and you are asking me to fucking calm down." Lucifer gritted through his teeth, glaring daggers at Gabriel beside him.
He sighs and turned his head away from Dean. Dean looked at Cas with a frown, he is doing everything for his Cas but the cold demeanor of his omega is getting on his nerves. "I have to take care of something. And I would like for you to join me." He holds his hand out like a gentleman for Cas to take.
He perks up when he hears Mich's protest, bickering with Gabe. Then Gabriel starts talking "Don't let this mother-hen ruin your fun bro. Enjoy yourself, being single is awesome. Go do everything you didn't do with Zach's roly-poly weight on yourself."
The omega groaned when the dough became more sticky getting in his fingers, it was Charlie's idea and that girl isn't even helping him. Mindful of being an omega, his cooking skills are 'rusty' he can cook many things but some, like right now he is having problem with the pie dough.
Cas steps back and looks at the man with an unimpressed eyebrow. He isn't gonna let the Alpha affect him, it has been so long since someone has made his knees go weak this way. He looks at the man up and down before his eyes lock back with him. Cas pouts angrily at the smug expression playing on the man's lip but from the perfection radiating off of him, the man is someone to not mess with, and lucky for Cas he's not looking for trouble.
Cas was proud of the Alpha's courage to say his emotions out loud since Alpha's tended to be ferocious beings loathing any show of emotions. "Does...Dean knows about what happened...with you?"
Cas opened his mouth but no words came out, there on the floor were his brother and brother-in-law lying on the floor. Lucifer's armor was covered in blood but he was breathing and beside him, Michael had a deep gash on his forehead but what made him sob was the tip of a sword pointed to Mich's belly by a Beta soldier.
All of them glared at the man who crumbled and shouted "Peter Holloway, he told me to recruit candidates as payment....he had a specific type young but lost..wouldn't be missed."
Looking into his brother's eyes, Cas said calmly "No, you don't understand. If I'm alone then I would have a lot more chance of getting away"
Cas has been grown thinking that Alpha's were terrible people, with overraging anger issues and he believed that until Lucifer came into his and his brother's life. That Alpha took care of him like his own child, never made Cas or Gabriel feel threatened. And most of all he made Michael feel like he was the most rarest gem in the world.
"My Lord, the prince is not in his room." One of the guards explained he was terrified, he failed on finding the King's desired, the man could slaughter him without blinking. Behold stood Dean Winchester tall in his dark clothing and armor with animal fur around his strong shoulders piercing at the Beta in front of him, his jaw grinding.
"Lucifer! Michael!" Gabe screamed behind horrified trying to get away from the Alpha holding him but the hold was too tight for him to get away.
His voice was low and threatening, he felt in control when both of them stepped back before Charlie mustered up the courage to come forward with a toothy grin as she said "But it
He opens the door to his apartment smiling, today is his and Zacharia's anniversary. Its been 3yrs of their relationship, he sighed when he saw hallway light was off. He thought maybe Zachy has a surprise planed for him as he kept walking towards the living room. What he saw annoyed and frustrated him to no end, his boyfriend was being a couch potato, movie playing on LCD, his laptop on his lap and ears attached to the headphones.
"Will do Cassie, Byeee." He hears the beeping sound and sighs throwing his phone beside him. Hugging his knees to his chest, he looks towards the window. The curtains are slide to the side. The sky outside is dark, but the essence of nothing is somewhat comforting.
He looked over his shouldet the group behind him, easily recognizing Dean's muscular body. Red eyes glaring at him, he just poked his tongue out in a mocking way and buzzed at Alpha. He scoffed, what did Dean Winchester think of himself? He wasn't going to return back, ever.
"Oh don't you dare hey, me young man. Where the hell have you been? You made quite a show of throwing Zacharia in the pool and just vanished. When we came back to check up on you, you weren't in your room just a message saying you are taking your own
Dean looks at Cas one last time before he picks up a black envelope from the coffee table holding it to Cas. Cas looks at the Alpha with a questioning look, considering to take it or not. At the end he does and opens it.
Dean patted his brother's shoulder "No need to pout, Sammy. I know Cas, he will never leave his family to get killed." Yeah, Cas was like an angel. Too selfless for his own good, he motioned the soldiers to bring in Miracle and sniff out the angel of Dean's dreams. Sooner Cas will be in the place where he belongs, in the Alpha's arms.
Cas realizes how close they are, the Alpha's breath is fanning his cheeks. Cas flushes from the heat of the moment. The man is beautiful, with a sharp jaw cascaded with shaved stubble, plump pink lips, freckles dusting his nasal bone, his eyes looking down at Castiel with something so...possessive? His thoughts are broken by the man's breathy rough voice.
Suddenly they hear a blood curling scream. "Cas" Dean is confused, Cas is an angel, a vampire has no chance on him. They quickly gather their weapon and silently go to the back of the house.
John Winchester was Henry's only child, he lost his father when he was 11 yrs old but he still had his dad's trusted sidekick. When he was 27 years old, he met an omega named Mary, the love of his life. But her family were not fond of John. Don't think that Mary was some damsel in distress, for an omega she could fight better than the Alphas. So they ran away together and got married.
“I know! I think it’s just terrible! You know there are rumors that he raised his brother because his dad was a deadbeat, but I think it’s true.” Hester said. Damn, this girl couldn’t go one second without gossiping about someone else’s life could she?
“Oh. Yeah, sorry Dean.” Cas said removing his arms from Dean’s stomach and trying, but failing, to get off the bike and stand up. The second his feet left the motorcycle, Cas lost his footing and stumbled forward. Dean kept on laughing.
Cas nodded, coming back to their current situation and followed Dean toward the back corner of the diner.
“What? No that’s not- did you think- are you- what?” Dean sputtered. Well that didn’t really come out right.
“Okay. Let’s go somewhere we can figure all of this out and get something to eat, I believe that I’m hungry.” Cas said, and his stomach growled, right on cue. Dean chuckled and patted Cas on the shoulder.
“Mhm. Okay so what do you both want? Dean, you want your usual?” Ellen said, already writing something down on her notepad.
“Dean I think you have forgotten how old I actually am. I was alive when drawing was invented and I believe I’ve had enough time to perfect my ‘drawing skills’.” And with that, Cas stood up to take his new clothing and place it into his duffel.
“You think you did okay?” Anna said. She took a step toward her and Cas didn’t think he had ever been this uncomfortable. Anna was his sister, but what’s different here? There’s definitely something very wrong with how she was acting and speaking.
“This is the only thing that actually looks like it might actually work. We’ve been reading the same damn books for months, acting like we’re gonna see something different. If we have a shot at something, I need to jump on it now.” Dean explained.
The raven-haired man brought his sword up, he was not going without a fight. But it never came to it though, two overlarge figures stepped from behind the animal. One of them was too tall and other one was too muscular, Cas and Gabe's hackles raised when the air around them only told one thing, Alphas.
Standing up from his bed he pulled his blue cardigan over his nightdress-covered body. He again thought about staying in the room but his stomach protested,
The purrs loudened as Cas held Dean's hands smiling, the Alpha didn't even feel the scraping of claws on his hand. The delight in his omega's face was everything to him. He let out his strong pheromones to calm his omega more, he frowned at the high temperature on Cas's body and decided to run a cold bath for his omega.
This is the first time, Cas has heard the demon stutter like this. He hugs the man around the middle who hugs him back sniffing "Why am I going so soft, all of a sudden?"
"Cas.....Talk to me." He hears the angel sigh before a reply comes "You realize we still have a vampire to hunt. This is not an appropriate time for discussion." Dean seats on the chair and drops his head on his hands thinking about what he said wrong to Cas.
He strolled towards the BMW X6 parked beside the jet swinging his hips, heels click on the pavement with each step. He figured that he was giving quite a show to Dean of his ass because the man grunts "Cas"
Gabriel walked inside with a roll of his eyes and sat down beside Cas on the window seat muttering "Your hopelessly innocent, what will you even do on your wedding night?"
Cas sighs in relief when none of the bodyguards are behind him. He trudges down the streets, completely lost. He can ask for help from the people but the way they are looking at him with a sneer, it's so disturbing that he tries to find someone else. Humid air blows in his face as he looks around for anyone that can help him.
Michael frowns but continues "Oh, I was saying. Don't you wish Gabriel was here?" His eyes downcast and lips turn in pout whilst Cas chuckles fondly.
The omega finally snapped out of his shock when he was seated, now he registered all eyes on him. No, he is not ready for this on top of finding his cousin is alive and has been working for the enemy. He knew enough manners to not start shouting at the table.
After handing him a glass of whiskey, Rowena left to have a look around the Coven, leaving Castiel in lonesome. As he took a sip someone slid on both sides of him.
Dean rolled his eyes at the drama queen of a brother he has when the ginormous boy walked towards the door in a blur of his Rapunzel hair, giving him the finger. "Don't spend your whole time being somnophilic and get dressed."
The Alpha was irresistible, the intercourse would be heavenly. None of Cas's past relationship even comes close to Dean, the Alpha was hot, overpowering and the green eyes was enough to make Cas wet uncontrollably.
"D-Dean I-I would like to do something for you." Cas says shyly looking down. Dean raises his eyebrow "What?"
The omega smirked as he watched Dean vanish into the darkness. Circling his finger along the lines of his glass, he thought if Dean wanted him si mich then why not play a game. He asked the twins with a mischievousness dancing his eyes "Let's see how good of spies you guys are."
Cas is happy for his brother, they did not have the easiest relationship, Lucifer is an atheist and Michael is the exact opposite. It's not a big problem with them, it was with their parents. He and his little brother Gabe were the only ones actually supporting it in the beginning.
Cas blinks awake, his head hurts so much, like someone is banging it with a hammer. He sits up grasping the fact he is still in the hands of his captor. He flinches back when he finds a figure sitting to his left.
He trails off, looking away. He doesn't know what to say maybe he didn't want to die, maybe he didn't want to see his brothers, maybe he didn't want to see trouble making Winchester brothers ruin his family. "It's difficult to explain, why not I check you first before we talk some more?"
Cas looks up at him, even from the less lighting Dean can make out the reddened cheeks giving him an urge to mark Castiel as his and only his. But he is not going to do it, he taught the angel free will and he will choose Death (not the person) before he took that from Cas.
When the woman nodded and walked away, disclosing Cas again. Dean saw a hardness pass over his omega's beautiful features, he felt warm knowing his kitten was jealous and that made things so much more pleasing.
"That rotten bitch." Gabe grumbles, a headache coming on his mind. He is sure half of the Heaven is already with the healer and other half is confused but after some discussion they can help still there's a chance of them breaking with the baby's news.
Cas took small portions from his food, eating only to keep his strength so when he got out he wouldn't faint in a second. After they were done, he felt like Dean knew what he was doing but kept it to himself like he already knew that Cas wouldn't be able to go too far from him.
Sam nodded modestly before his eyes moved to Cas then Dean with an air of mockness "You guys fucked?"
He looks down blushing embarrassed, legs still around Dean's waist, skirt hoisted up with one of his shoulder strap falling. He doesn't know if he should cry or shout.
"We did got some photos..... though its not clear." Sam says opening his Macbook, Charlie their tech engineer can hack in any device. Sam passes his laptop to Dean warning him to not break it in a fit of anger. Dean just rolls his eyes and looks at the picture, there are three people in it, he zooms in the photo of a guy whose wearing a mark on his arm, he looks closely its a 'Z'.
Dean takes off Cas's panties with one swift move. He licks the tip making Cas's head fall back into the bed making an O shape. He pulls Cas towards him a little making him lock his ankle around Dean's as he clutches onto the sheets and pillow desperately "Deaaaaan" Dean swallows Cas whole making angel groan and pant heavily, his mouth still ajar. In a moment Cas feels a sensation on his lower stomach. He is not sure of what it is but before he can, he's cumming on Dean's mouth but instead of choking, the hunter swallows it grinning at Cas who gapes at him "Dean, is...it alright...for you to do...that?" He asks concerned for the righteous man.
Cas nods because he knows he has too, he has given them lot of chances to strengthen the bond, but it just can't. He straightens his back getting out of his brothers grip, his skimpy bikini top lining his upper chest as he says confidently "Yeah, I Castiel Novak is not gonna let Zacharia treat me like a some old CD player. I'm gonna break up with him."
The Alpha is angry, and he keeps it locked up, all his emotions and everything which makes him so guarded. Dean smiled at Cas's faith, it's the thing he lacked the most. Faith, for him it was like a power, he had faith in his guns, in his anger, in his lust for destruction of who ever came in his way.
The girl scoffs "It's called being a human, I don't judge whatever a person does in their goddamn life. And You should too, you can't molest our customers. Please leave."
"Ouch." Cas rubbed his head, which was thundering like the worst hangover he ever had but according to his memory, he didn't have a lick of wine yesterday.
He can see horses running in the Alpha's mind, regarding his question "Somewhere safe?" Cas stares at Sam with a dumbfounded look,
Well if he ran, they wouldn't be able to follow him just in seconds that's for sure. But the real problem is Dean, how can he distract that guy. He looks at himself, in the mirror wearing a white suit that has a V, inside he is wearing nothing. Literally nothing, the material is very soft on his skin, his pectorals are showing off from the V, the suit pants hugs his ass all in right positions. He looks at Dean who is busy lashing out on someone in another line of his phone, Cas looks at him menacingly but it doesn't get him anything but a chuckle from the guards. He pokes his tongue out to them naively.
"I'm pregnant" Cas smiled, rubbing his belly lovingly while the girl stared him incredulously "I might be 5 weeks along now."
But even they couldn't just kill without a meeting, and these little affairs were not always the main topic in sit-downs. His eyes snapped to Cas who ruffled and turned in bed, his calm facial features were now distressed and scared.
You know the drill my lovely destiel people, don't forget to comment and also check out my new fanfic 'White Mustang(Why am I staying?)' By Gay 1235.
Cas breaths in, takes a big gulp of air closing his eyes. He sprangs up running for the door, as the fast as he can taking the chance. But Dean is faster than him, catches him with an inhuman speed and strength. This time Dean holds him by his waist, pinning him at the nearest column of wall.
Cas knows he probably should try not to offend the Alpha after all the ruckus some time ago but the moment is far too pleasing, and it is far too enjoyable mocking the Alpha.
So, I changed some things, and again I'm not familiar with how Mafia works so this chapter might be a bit repetitious for reading.
Cas looks at the man with ferocity wanting to punch that smug look off his perfect face. But he's already tired and is not ready to get thrown again so...he just fake grins at Dean and says sidestepping the man "Goodnight Dean~"
Instead of guessing, Cas quickly called his brother, jittering with excitement. Just as the phone clicked he exclaimed "You're pregnant?" It came out as more of a statement.
After some more minutes of throttling through the woods, Cas started getting tired and had fallen asleep on Dean's chest and here Alpha couldn't bring himself to stop smiling at his little angel. Yeah, Cas is an angel, angel who saved him but doesn't know.
But now, the omega feels like he was wrong. Dean is different in some ways, he is threatening, ruthless, aggressive but he is also nice, caring, funny and even if Cas tries hard the man makes him smile.
He tried not to shout at the omega for even getting out of the room in this state. Dean growled at his omega who was laying little pecks on his jaw, if this was some another time he would've jumped at the chance.
. Cas guessed she was an omega from her scent, she beamed at him pushing him towards where his death lies "I thought you would be shorter."
The omega seized his actions pouting sadly at Dean. The Alpha licked his lips when his cock twitched at the lustful look in Cas's eyes. The pupils were dilated to showing only a ring of blue. He looked ahead to not crumble so fast to those innocent eyes.
On the plane, Cas listened to Dean's playlist which was full of songs he loved. Without realizing he started humming and singing to the tune of 'Heat of the movement', everybody turned to him with equal looks of amusement.
Does he think about Why he didn't tell his brothers about his current position or call the police? Well ,yeah but they wouldn't be of much help since Dean has them under his thumb and if he did tell his brothers, the Alpha has all information on him. He can do anything to hurt his family, shaking his head he tries to remove gruesome images littering his mind.
He wants to run to Dean, wants to be held in those strong arms, wants to be held like something precious as the diamond. Whimpering, Cas bites his lips to not let the tears out. Then he sees her, the woman Dean wants and tears fall on their own as he hides behind the tree even though nobody can see him.
Cas swallowed large gulps of air before shouting "Don't you have any manners? Barging in like you own this place?" He scoffed before thinking over his words, that was dumb.
Disclaimer that I forgot:Mention of Rape and Abuse, also Dean is kind of toxic so it might be not everybody's cup of tea to read this.
"Fine." He can hear her pout over the line as she asks "When are you going to be back? Azazel keeps throwing all his work on me, I need my favourite colleague with me."
He puts on his swim suit and robe back up and tip toes towards the door, he jingles it to see if its locked or not. He wants to bang his head on it when its locked, but it would be like axing yourself on your own feet if he did. He doesn't want to have a headache over his already sedated mind. He can't believe the people living here, they have so much trust issues.
Cas looks at him with excited eyes and nods beaming through tears "Yeah..I do. It's my baby after all." He turned back to his middle, cradling it like there was already a full-grown 9 month baby in there.
Alistair looks wide eyed at Dean in fear, he knows that Dean is not just gonna torture him, he will make an example out of him.
He kisses down from Cas nipple, beholds on to Castiel body as he kisses down the middle to the navel making the angel arch his back and groan. Dean's mouth hovers on Cas's cock covered by Jean's. He quickly does the job of removing it. He is surprised to find the panty still on. He looks at Cas who notes his lip and says "We had a vampire to catch remember?"
"Oh, that is a weird fetish." Cas blinked uneased by the information but the two siblings just laughed.
And yeah, I removed the attendant blowjob scene because my god that was too horny and gave us literally no information whatsoever.
There was nothing about Dean, simple mentions of Jo, Sam, or Benny. His phone pinged startling him from his research. Opening it, he saw a message from his brother Michael and Lucifer having enlarged grins on their lips, the background looked like hospitals.
The Alpha let out a breath of laugh "I'm not for Chick-Flick movements but...with you,Cas..." He blushed when Dean put both of his palms over his cheeks, rubbing on the cheekbones "It's natural. You are my kitten."
Before it can get further, his savior Rowena was there, she gripped both boy and girl's ears with each hand making them wince and Cas slightly confused and giggly.
"What is your favorite color?" Cas blurts out, he can feel Dean's smirk on his ear. The leader kisses the curve on his neck before relaxing back on his chair, the omega sighs relaxing on his own. He was not ready for what was about to go down even though he enjoyed it.
"W-well I'm not a lot of p-people" Cas looks away and bites his lips to not make a sound when his body tenses on having Dean so close, the man sniffs the area below his ear, he thrashes his hands trying to wiggle them out of the cuffs. Goosebumps stand on his body, he bites his lip to hold the moan when Dean's lips follow down the curve of his neck making Cas arch desperately, his stomach heats when teeth graze on his neck.
The guy splutters shocked how such a tiny creature possess this amount of strength "Not so fast." Cas, Claire and Crowley somehow settled themselves on the other side.
So instead of that he slides to his phone camera like some stalker, and leans forward, the seatbelt hugging his chest. At the perfect angle, Cas turns around towards him the blue eyes shining with his hair blowing from the air ventilation. Cas looks back just as the click of camera goes off, making him very annoyed. Dean looks at him smiling and clicks the camera button again for Castiel's adorable angry look.
He was woken up by the sound of someone opening his door, it has gone dark around them so maybe they have stopped to put camp somewhere. Squinting his eyes, he stared at who opened the door. It was Benny grinning at him "Come on, let's get you to real bed eh?"
He wants to trust Dean, but something in his mind keeps bugging him. He looks over his shoulder to confirm that the Alpha is not staring at him and yeah he is not instead Dean is staring straight at the wall, his hand clasped on the tile so tightly like he is trying to force himself down from doing something.
He looks around, there are so many alleyways that he is forgetting which way he came from. He opens his phone to call an uber. He gets to the resort safely tucked in between his brother and Lucifer like a child with their parents watching reruns of GOT.
meaning the other person is someone he knows, the possibility of being kidnapped for ransom is fading.
Dean sees a moose and a fawn at the end. He frowns why does his husband want him to meet animals, the animals are not very fond of him he knows that and the feelings mutual. Whereas Cas likes to eat grass, Dean is more of a meat-person.....god.
The demon king groans rolling his eyes "I was here for a negotiation, but then I saw you cry and inner mother just sprang out like a bitch."
He winced pulling the phone away from his ear, maybe that wasn't the best thing to say to his mama bear kind of brother.
She chewed on her lips nervously "But I was low on money, so I started... stealing strangers...and yesterday was 3rd time I got caught."
"Morning Sunshine. Lunch?" Dean asked sitted on a rock, his eyes moved to Cas's limbs attached to the two men with a frown, both of them stepped back quickly since they held no death wish. Cas rolled his eyes but settled himself beside Dean, the trio sat themselves on the ground with Jo trying to steal Benny's bacon.
When Dean pulls the car over, Cas finally finds his breath. Still clutching to his seatbelt, terrorized staring blankly at his lap, never in his whole life, Cas had felt this close to death than he has felt in one ride. His body is trembling, as he blinks, it dawns upon him that the man has taken him to the middle of nowhere.
Gabriel stares at both of them and decides to rescue his brother from an awkward converstion "About that...since Cas is an angel, we are genderless so you know how it goes. We can be girl or...a boy, sexuality is sooo not a problem with us"
He looked at Dean sharply  and demanded "Are you blackmailing me?" Dean gritted his teeth, the man was signing his own death certificate. Dean smirked as he said smugly "No, I am warning you of the fact what I am capable of since you people seem to be
He turned to the redhaired who bit her lip, trying to keep her tears in bay. Cas rubbed her back reassuringly as she stuttered "The company didn't have many omegas, it was like 1 out of 10 in each sector. One day, i forgot to take my tablets for hiding my pheromones and our boss, Dick got the hang of it." Their was anger and vulnerability in her tone that raised cas' all protective instincts.
"I will talk to her." Before anyone can get a word out, Charlie was on her feet speeding where Jo had gone.
Cas huffs and lays back on his chair, as Sam continues eating his salad. He snarls at the man, biting harshly at the crossaint "I get it, you're a person with no moral values. Just tell me how the hell Dean has my portrays lying around the house if I've never seen him in my whole life." He probably screams the last words impatiently.
Lifting his right hand up, Cas touched Dean's face lightly arching neck "Just a couple of dollars of yours."
After his shower Cas raps a towel around his waist, putting his luggage on the bed and looks for what to wear, Dean has said that they are going out shopping, to god knows where. But he sure is gonna have the perfect chance to runaway, but he has to dress up the way that nobody can guess it.
Clutching on to his sword he turned around only to gasp at the huge wolf-like dog in front of him. But it was not a dog, it was something more faunal than those cute creatures. His eyes were blazed red like a fire were dancing around them, a thick coating of blood and saliva around his muzzle dripping on the floor but the worst was he only had his angry gaze set upon Cas.
Dean gulps down his whiskey with a grimace and warns "She can but if she touched Cas again, I would have to put her down."
Dean's voice was rough but the music fitted his tune perfectly. He whispered turning back towards the wall "Thank you" His Alpha kept singing lowly making Cas sigh in comfort. He snuggled back to his chest, his stomach was in flutters as he put his hand over Dean's, inter wining them.
Benny was down before any of them engulfing his smaller omega in his arms sniffing him, nuzzling him. They made a very cute couple that was for sure, behind him Dean joked "Don't get down to the business right here, brother."
Cas feels fear build in him as he looks at the top of the Volcanic mountain. He climbs up feeling dreaded, he bites his lips when he is on the top. He looks down at and sees no lava, he tilts his head and slides down, the smell ashy and the wind warm.
He tried not to laugh at the nickname as Dean glared at the woman but it was harmless. Rowena chimed in scolding her
As he started eating, Charlie asked around a mouthful "So are you ready to have another movie marathon, this time its Harry Potter?"
Yeah, Raphael was right. Explaining freedom to angels was like teaching poetries to fish, but Cas has given a lot to stop this war, his brothers and sisters have also died, and the Winchesters have given so much. No, it will never happen.
"No way. You are still my baby brother who ran around the house lecturing us about free will at the age of 5." Michael snickers remembering how his baby bro ran naked after his baths, slipping from their parent's grips.
The Alpha tangled their legs together and the omega has no problem with that as he closed his eyes. Dean's warm body was like a drug to him and he wanted to get drunk in it more and more. He registered when the man pecked his bare shoulder murmuring softly "Good night, kitten."
Cas keeps his poker face, the man sighs "Okay, when I came I did come with my own motives...But now, I'm changing that to listen to your story. I won't judge, promise. Bobby Singer also broke my heart so..."
He turned to Charlie whose eyes were glimmering like she has been provided with her favorite thing in the world and Cas wasn't sure how to feel about that, but kept his mouth shut. "I was wondering if you would like to spend time doing something..."
He withdraws when Claire storms past him out the door, slamming it on the way and that is when the archangel breaks. Cas sighs feeling like he's being choked out as he closes his eyes tightly, Claire's screams still ringing in his ears. With a gasp, he falls to his knees keeping his tears in the bay. Angels aren't supposed to cry.
Dean grunts heavily, his breathing hard as he looks at the teary eyed angel. Cas is so freaking beautiful, his blue eyes shining with tears of pleasure, the redness of his cheeks, his chapped pink lips now red, drool and cum slipping out of them and his oversized trenchcoat slipping off his shoulders. "Baby you're...so beautiful." He growls and tries to pull Cas back on his feet.
"Okay, go get yourself cleaned up. I will take Riot." Cas said taking the puppy from the overgrown human puppy and shooed them towards their rooms. He looked at the doggo in his arms while Riot stared back "Looks like it's just you and me."
"Stop." Cas was about to scream more loudly when the weight was wrenched off of him and it all happened in seconds Dean was in front of him with two guns pulled out towards the man who had assaulted him. He looked around to see every Hunter soldier has pulled out their weapons aiming at the other party. He felt his knees go weak, terrified.
The guy exhales panting "I don't know her." Gabe punches the guy in face for a good memory push, "I met Amelia, but she was the last one."
Cas breaths hard, it's already hot in closet, he bites his lips and reaches down to remove the "gun" on his own since Dean is to busy criticizing the world. But he does not find any gun just a bulged out tough jeans surface. He palms it to feel more and know what it is. "Its...not a..gun Dean."
Cas's mouth tasted like the chocolate ice-cream, Apple pie, and everything Dean liked. His omega groaned bucking himself up to Alpha's girth. Parting for breath Dean came into his sense, he forced Cas away though his omega wanted to stay close and his kitten looked so beautiful misshapen beneath him.
Cas doesn't snarl because it is said good-naturedly but he tilts his head confused "Short-cake?" His tilt intensifies when the Beta laughs before holding out his hand for Cas to climb the stairs.
Cas nodded, licking his lips uncomfortable at the undivided attention Dean was giving him. "Well... I do have siblings, 2 exactly. They are kind of the reason for my job."
Cas glared at Dean's cheery grin as he said his a challenging tone "Oh, I have something better planned, Alpha." He picked up the now empty plates and strutting out of the office swinging his ass with a mischievous grin. Tonight Cas was going to give the Alpha a heaven of a show.
The Beta's lip form into a harsh sneer directed at Castiel and he couldn't help but cower under the disdain look. With help of Sam, he climbs inside of a luxurious crossover SUV. He smiles back at the tall Alpha who gives him reassuring smile back.
Shaking his head he again turned to the mirror, feeling confident this time. He looked gorgeous, the robes had spaghetti straps and were backless showing his sun-kissed skin in a good manner. The crown his father presented him when he was born atop his head, had a set of wings on adjacent sides. The gems complimented his dark hair, there was a rumour around the tiara, whoever wore it held a big resemblance to the Angel of Tears.
Cas wants to retort or show his anger at Dean's words but somehow he couldn't. He looks up in question when Dean clutches his knee "Cas, I know that there are two sides to everything. So, I ask you to not indulge yourself in petty fights."
Cas does not need to guess that the Beta forgot about their anniversary....Again. But Cas ignores it for spending some quality time with his boyfriend. Their relationship has become unstable but Cas has faith that it can become better with time. He leans on the couch spreading his arms over Zacharia's surprising him "Hello Zachy." He says sweetly taking off the headphones before nipping at his boyfriends earlobe moaning to entice him more.
Cas looks at his boyfriend who dugs his hands inside his pockets and shrugs "You know I was with clients."
Dean was frustrated and was about to snap but the picture of Cas's behind was far more pleasing. A chocolate coloured apron was wrapped around his waist and the dress was so short that the Alpha can feel his mouth watering watching Cas being all domestic.
" Dean cursed, he was on his feet immediately, running out of the office with his gun held to the side. He has to resist himself from knocking his entire door down as he raced down the hallways towards his mate.
Dean kneeled beside Cas and kneaded gently on his head to soothe any oncoming headaches. Suddenly, Cas was very playful and splashed him with water giggling. Spitting out water to the side, Dean opened his eyes to see his omega looking mischievously at him.
He looks at his brother, who is red from either the sun or anger, looking at him sharply "Yeah, Mich you were right. But its..not..like..." Cas sighs at the end of his words because really he has no excuses to make.
They both looked at him with raised eyebrows to which Cas replied with a smirk. He got up from his seat and the twins followed his lead with a matching Chesire grin as they walked past some patrons going upstairs. Cas has to say that the Hunters have excellent skill at blending in.
He cries more as the demon pats his head, "I'm not going to say It's going to be fine because it's not, the guy you gave everything up for just doesn't see it. It hurts, it's...painful and cruel....but we can get pass it right?"
Gabe sighs, he can't believe their Father Almighty chose Dean as the righteous man. Putting his head in hands, the archangel groans thinking on what to do next? He looks back at Cas and smiles when he sees the new archangel caressing his non existant baby bump lovingly.
He picked up the dress set aside by Michael for this day. With a heavy heart he breathed out touching the light blue robes, blue was his colour. Many complimented him on how he blends with it so beautifully, many but none of them ever acknowledged how much philosophy he had, how much knowledge he acquired. Maybe Balthazar would, maybe...
Cas buzzed his tongue right in Dean's face "You cheated." He said confidently and held his head high proudly but it just made the Alpha smirk more.
Cas tightens his jaw, his eyes burn. He has heard this before, Dean has told him this before. But the hunter has also said that Cas is like his brother and he can't forget that. He raps his hand on Dean's wrist "No, it's not. Dean, I know you care for me, and trust me I am grateful for that. But it's not what I want. And if I remember you were one of the horny men sitting there."
Walking along the sidewalk to their hotel, Cas turned many heads with his sexy drenched look. The omega held his heels to his side and didn't even try to hide his smug grin.
Cas splashed water on his face, choking on his cries. Dean was forcing him to marry, how can he do that? He leans his back on the bathroom wall and slides down gasping for breath. Since he was 12 and hit his first heat, he knew his marriage was not in his hands. So he accepted that, whomever his brother chose for him can't be bad since Luci cared for him so much.
"Don't know about the dress but I'm very much fond of the person wearing it." The omega flinched away at the gesture, was he getting hit on? Does Dean know about this?
"A man I can respect, then," Dean said wiping his mouth with the napkin. "I think it's time for the meeting."
He looks at the blue eyes running his hand on the high cheekbones as he says "Cas, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything, I'm sorry I hurt you, I'm sorry I made you feel used, I'm sorry-" Before he can finish Cas puts his forefinger on his lips
Cas shrugged, happy to see his garrison still cared for him "Well he just threw me far and when the vessel's soul was gone, it may have triggered with the Angel radios."
Where he is standing in the Heaven of a man who drowned in 1953, It's a place where most angels come for a sensation of good. And right now Cas also feels very calm, it's strange that he wanted to untie his shoes and run around the green grass naked feet.
Dean is sitting beside Cas looking through his messages when he smells a mouth-watering scent of Apple pie coming with wind, he looks beside him at Cas whose eyes are glued to the terrain outside, he smiles at the awed look in his omega's magnificent blue eyes. His hand itch to draw the wonderous look of his omega's features. He wishes for his sketchbook. And he desires to touch Cas, to hold him in his arms, kiss every inch of the omega, rap the traditional mating choker around his neck but he can wait, because Cas is worth it, worth every second of this 1 year.
No, he was not. Dean was forcing him, he couldn't hold back the Alpha that will be impossible. The blonde man was bigger and taller than him, he can't overpower him. But he was not going to make this easy for Dean, the Alpha has him pinned to the bed with both of his wide arms on each side of Cas's head. "Look at me, angel."
Gabe bites his cheek, scraping the skin off. The hate for Winchesters just grew on him. What did his brother do with them? But in the end, all the hurt is delivered to him. He jokes "Wow, you're such a sap."
Dean turns to home with a fit of confused anger, Cas continues keeping eye contact "No paradise. No hell. Just more the same."
And yeah Cas trusts him because he knows the hunter will. He nods and settles on the pillow biting his inner cheek while Dean squeezes a good amount of lube on Cas puckered hole and his fingertips. He puts one finger inside Cas making him scrunch his face a little, Dean's lips hover on Cas's temple as he starts doing an in and out motion. At some time the angel's face morphs into pleasure so Dean adds another finger scissoring inside Cas.
He washed his face with a wet cloth and pot of water set aside, the sweat and blood has caked to his body as he rinsed them off. Drinking some water from the jug, he dressed in a pastel pink dress and sandals while planning how he is going to get out. It would be difficult seeing the number of people in Dean's troop.
"This is the problem Dean, you want to know what is wrong with our bond? then listen. I am in love with you but you see me as nothing but your punching bag. When you have no one to blame there's me when there's some problem you remember me. Sometimes..sometimes I feel like I am nothing but your slave." Cas stands up and vanishes leaving Dean to gape at the empty space.
"D-Dean. Let me go, you are not doing this right." He cried out when he felt his bones break a little from Dean's strength.
When he is at the top, he feels sick, he puts his hand over his mouth at the horror of the scent and scene infront of him, everything is covered in thick molten lava. The crown overtop his head has ruined, the petals turned to ashes, Cas licks his chapped lips, tears forming underneath his eyes, he has to stop Dean. In order to avenge his brother, he has gone insane in anger.
Now he realizes what Dean was doing, the Alpha was taking returning him with the same thing he did to the Alpha in the morning.
"Go get ready, Cas. We are leaving." The Alpha grunted making the omega grit his teeth as he turned away with a scoff hurrying towards his room with Gabe on tow suggesting plans.
The man stepped forward and Cas raised his sword higher ready to puncture it through the man's soul. But the Alpha showed no sign of remorse or fear just circled him like they were the only ones there. He felt like looking away when the blonde man eyed him up and down with a pleased glee in his eyes.
The Alpha snorted thinking about the secondhand embarrassment Cas is going to go tomorrow on remembering the things and activities he performed today, the show of his pink butthole will be Dean's favorite.
"I am coming with you. Is that not enough?" Cas spat at the vulgar human being in front of him, how can he say something like that? Dean looked away with a sigh before nodding towards Sam who picked up Michael in his arms though Cas was uncomfortable with that.
With that said, the Beta picked up the raven-haired omega in his arms running for Dean's tent. His worry for Cas got stronger when the omega whimpered helplessly, Sam who was coming back from patrolling with other soldiers saw Benny carrying Cas and hurried to them "What happened?"
Cas really underestimated Dean Winchester by thinking of him as another Alpha knothead, just as he leapt Dean caught his hand with a cunning smile "You really thought I wouldn't know, Cas. Jo told me everything about your little
Sam looks at him and leans forward like he's sharing some secret, he licks his lips eyes dancing with an unknown look as he says "Look Cas, I know you're a sales director. Moving around from place to place is your daily thing and I don't want to make it easy for you."
"Well not my problem that I have a life and you don't." Dean bites back shrugging miss8ng his brothers glare and sits back down looking at the redhead. "Now start talking you two faced Demon"
They both turned to each other. Sam nods dejectedly and they both start walking towards him though they can't see him. Both half brothers walk past him and Cas is left there looking at the window in front of him sadly.
His eyes raised up at the voice to see Anna standing with her jaw twitching as she glared at him. "Anna, who do you think I am to need your permission? "
He shudders thinking of the headlines on the newspaper of people's who got lost in different countries never be found again, he yelps when the dogs bark. He stops for a while and leans on the wall, breathing heavily "I'm such an idot." He mutters lowly and goes other way. He turns around and starts running the other way.
Cas puffs his cheeks in anger when both Sam and Rowena chuckles at the word. Are these people gonna stop saying he's cute, adorable or squishy, he's already had enough of that with his parents and siblings.
"Cas..." The omega couldn't help but lean back to Dean feeling the Green eyed Alpha's breath on his now blushing body. "I am not much for chick-flick moments but I want you to know, I will love you with my whole heart and take care of you better than anyone
Just because he took water from the man, does not mean he will also eat. "I'm not hungry." He said determined, but it drowned when his stomach protested making him stare at it betrayed.
Cas doesn't give a reply shrugging, anxiously his eyes flicking to the window and the rest of the group.
He frowned when his body started feeling unnaturally warm, his breath started to quicken as he brought up his hand to his forehead to check the temp. He was burning up, Cas gulped as he figured out what was going on with him, he was going into heat right. this. moment.
Their eyes lock into each other. Before second thought, Dean leans down and presses his lips onto Cas. Case hands move around Dean's neck, he feels it's better than the abominations kiss, it's not forced, there's a choice to pull away.
"My Grandfather. He passed away in II war between us and Abaddon's Kingdom." Dean said stopping beside Cas to look at the portrait with a sad but proud look "He fought till the end, before a soldier gutted him in the stomach. I thought he abandoned my father but... he never did."
Cas gulps as Gabe starts putting pressure on his stomach, focusing his grace on certain areas. The new archangel gasps when he hears a soft coe. He hears several gasps from Balth and Gabe, which means they also heard the coe.
Dean smiles, damn Cas is his soulmate. He rubs back of his neck as he says awkward "Cas....I don't have lube or..condom." He laughs nervously, well he didn't plan for this, he thought if he ever got the chance to be with Cas, their time will be spend in security of bedroom.
Realizing he has hit a nerve when Dean regards him with a harsh glare, he looks down playing with his cuffs smugly and smirking at the Alpha now and then. He arched his eyebrow when Dean gives him a dark look and gets up from his seat.
The man nodded and continued "One day I saw him tie up some of them...he cut them and inhaled something...and I was out of that life..."
Still, he didn't want to tense his older brother more with these thoughts. Lucifer already has a lot on his shoulders with the oncoming wars conducted by other clans and a pregnant mate. Castiel's brother in law, Michael was also an omega but unlike Cas, he wasn't given a choice just sold off by his uncle Zacharia like a cattle.
He kept walking through the jungle of snow covered trees. He can feel the weight of snow tiring him as he shakes it and starts walking again. He stops and looks at cave, he huffs happily at finally finding the place.
He doesn't believe it but it felt good when someone said that, like his sins were cleansing somehow. Cas isn't sure if he is an angel but he doesn't care because if being angel only means being someone like Tamael or Raphael, then he is as good as he is with his newfound family and his little fledglings inside him. For now he is happy enjoying a butterscotch and chocolate parfait with the people he loves and cares for...
Cas breathed in and out the air, looking down the airline runway. He can feel Dean's body heat behind him, it was surprisingly pleasant. Snapping on black Persol glasses over his eyes, Cas stepped down the stairs gripping the railing.
Anna passed the phone to Benny, the Alpha commented grouchily "Is this necessary? What can even be in this thing?"
"Breakfast is ready, Castiel," Sam says as a butler arranges plates after plates on the table. Crowley and Rowena had gone after their tea saying goodbye to him and Sam. For people associating with Mafia, they surely have better manners than his office associates.
Cas backed away and acted like he was searching for his clothes from his trunk. He looked up at the blonde Beta who bowed to him "Consort." Awkwardly Cas bowed too and greeted "Morning."
"I quited that day...but it wasn't enough...He was still on me." A calm expression morphed in her face as she smiled "Then Dean was there...he wanted my help on finding some dirt on that asshole. And that bastard was...experimenting on fucking children, that motherfucker was a fucking Cannablist, eating them, raping them and nobody raised a finger."
Jo snorted, she was glad that her plan to push Cas onto someone else failed. The omega was certainly serious about Dean. And it's the only thing she wishes, her brother's happiness.
Here they were standing in front of grave of Amelia Novak, a loving mother, wife and woman. It was a beautiful grave decorated with flowers, the marble reflected 4 people.
problems even after doing checkup he found out its not such a big issue. He fainted because he didn't eat that day and the sun was boiling him.
It was a beautiful mare with a long black Crest, bulged out shoulder and was looking at him with her wide black eyes. The omega steeped towards the mare his hand held out and put it over the black beauty's head. The horse huffed deflating to Cas's soft touch.
Sam rolls his eyes, if it was even possible in this form and nips at the fawns neck, who ducks at the right time running for Cas, chortling. Sam runs towards Gabe, telling him to not disturb Cas.
Cas simply smirked at them both and handed the cone to Balthazar nursing his upper lip and winked walking away.
Cas grimaces that seems to calm him down. He cradles his hurt wrist in his hand and follows the man. He doesn't make to run away because even he did, he doesn't know how is he gonna pass this large guy.
Just then Zach comes strolling in, dumping his bag on a chair "Hey baby." And suddenly Cas feels all the confidence leave him. Zach leans in and goes for a kiss but Cas turns his head away but it seems the guy was not getting the hint since he starts pecking his cheeks. He frowns when he smell,s some underlying scent of Jasmine, it's definitely not his scent and Zach doesn't use something like that too.
The raven-haired omega scrambled away from his sibling and said while pushing his brother out the door "Get out. I have to dress up."
When everybody left, Dean was alone in the room gazing out the glass sipping his whiskey, Sam left to deal with the papers with Benny escorting him while Bobby reported back to Crowley.
Sam gets to his feet, nods at his brother "Dean". Dean flashes an easy smile to his brother, patting his shoulder. "I hope you took good care of Cas for me Sammy."
The door opened and there Dean standing, freshly showered with a towel wrapped around his waist. He blinked gawking at the disrupted omega in front of him.
After his stroll, Cas settled himself on the bed with his laptop to search more about Dean. He scoffed at how less the information on Hunters or anyone involved with them was present there, only a line of death but no proof that they were involved.
What he saw enraged him, it seems like Cas didn't learn anything. The raven haired omega was on his horse, beautiful black mare named Impala. The horse was Dean's life and death, it was gifted to him by his father. He wasn't shocked that the omega managed to coax her since Cas was very fond of animals and his scent was attached to Dean's.
The doors to the castle was open and Cas saw many figurines standing at the gate but the most astonishing thing was when he smelled an omega, a pregnant one at that. "That's Samandriel, Benny's mate." Dean informed him as they came to a stop.
omega. He pulled away from Cas's hand, cupped him around his jaw gently to make his omega look at him.
Cas blushed ducking his head, it seems like the news of his arrival traveled like a wildfire. They talked for a while before she had to tend to her other customers. Cas thought that it has been over a minute where was Sam? He chewed on his bottom lip, should he go see Dean for himself? The Alpha is not going to get angry with him, right?
He can feel from the shaking of Jo's hand, that she is too. Cas whimpers when her nails dig more harshly on his thighs "Dean, he was-"
Cas shakes his head "No...no...Dean-" He gets cutoff when his husband growls loudly, creating a big avalanche, Cas knows when his husband's angry he doesn't have control of himself, drawbacks of being a God.
Dean crunches his already broken glasses more on his hand, his knuckles popping. He hated it when his sister was holding Cas, the way she manhandled his omega. Nobody is allowed to touch Cas except Benny or Sam. He has made the instructions clear and when Jo hauled his omega in her arms something twisted in his stomach, seeing his omega so terrified and crying.
Minutes later, Cas has fallen asleep and Dean has changed him into one of his Band T-shirts since they didn't the omega's luggage. He has also changed into sweatpants and a T-Shirt.
"Cas...I'm...sorry...baby..." Dean says, his voice coming as gurgles, his eyes downcast. Cas smiles still and climbs over his husband shoulder, running his small hands through the hair.
Gulping, Cas thought over. Will Dean even let him go anywhere without a permanent need of monitoring? "I don't know. Work...is hectic here and I'm settling in so it might be difficult."
The old lady came around the table and put her warm soft hand on his head as she said "Look, honey. This has been a lot for you and I know everything seems unclear to you. So I am gonna give you a tip that I gave my boy Dean."
Dean raises his eyebrow suspiciously, what is Cas gonna have that requires his assistance, Drugs? Guns?....Bombs?
He can see a gleam in Dean's eyes, looking him up and down. Cas was in a drawstring side crop tank top with blue ripped jeans and brown flats. The Alpha asked waving at the plate "I know I am an Alpha but I can't eat that much, Cas."
They look around the dimly lit area, few customers on some booths, drinking bear or eating food. Cas passed Claire to Crowley so he can ask the woman on the counter but was stopped by the demon "Oh satan no, you're not going to talk. I will handle this."
The half burnt out sign read “Ellen’s ROADHOUSE DINNER” in pink and blue neon writing and the parking lot only had a few cars parked in it, so it was fairly empty.
“I have no actual idea what the city is called. I know they are in Northern California in a ‘college town’ as you would say.” Cas said with air quotations and all.
Cas had come back from heaven before they got back from shopping and was waiting in the map room when they walked in. Dean gave Cas all of the clothes so he could go pack them in a bag, and followed him back to fill him in on the plan.
“That sounds like a good idea. Cas, Sam thinks that Jack should send us back so you’re mojo will be at full power, are you fine with that?” Dean said, hearing Cas walking down the stairs into the war table room. Dean turned around and looked at Cas. He hadn’t ever seen Cas in anything other than his trench coat and suit. I mean he saw Jimmy wearing some sweaters but that wasn’t Cas.
“No, Dean I’m serious. We don’t need to fuck with time more than we already are so, be careful. Please.”
Heaven had lost track of where a lot of the weapons were after a garrison moved them to a warehouse in California. Then they were taken by Balthazar during the first apocalypse, and there was no way of knowing that all, or even any, of those weapons were still there.
“Wait! No, I’m fine, I don’t need a drink.” He called after her but Hester either didn’t hear him, or didn’t care and was going to get him one anyway. Cas took this opportunity to try and find the door so he could get out of this place. He kept an eye out for anyone else that he knew that might be mixed into this crowd somehow, but he didn’t see anyone. It was so crowded that he had barely made his way across to where Hester had disappeared into the kitchen when his arm was grabbed and he was wrenched back the way he came.
“I went back to heaven to see if they had any more information on the area and I was shown this picture. This is where we need to go.” Cas explained.
“What? What is it? Did you hear something?” Dean asked quickly. Cas shifted around, eyes not quite meeting Dean’s as he mumbled something.
“Wait, when I was zapped here from the bunker, I had a key for that motorcycle in my pocket. Check your pockets for anything that could help us out.” Cas went and dug through his pockets bringing up a few things. A wallet with 47 dollars and some change, a credit card, a student ID with the name Castiel Novak on it, a library card, a couple receipts from coffee shops and grocery stores, and a license also in the name Castiel Novak with a picture of someone who looked identical to the Castiel sitting in a booth, in a diner, in 1965, so far away from home or anything that felt like home besides the man sitting across from him and he felt so small. So human. He pushed all of that aside for the time being to get back on track and pushed the wallet across to Dean. He also found some lint, two quarters, seven pennies, and a key. A key to some no name apartment on 10th street.
Dean left shortly after to go pack his own bag. He just packed a few flannels, undershirts, a couple pairs of jeans, and his worn brown leather jacket; it was Dean’s usual clothes so there was no complaining there.
“We need a visual of what we are searching for and it isn’t like I can print out a mental image, is it?” Cas said with a grin. He looked relaxed actually. Cas was always so clinical and detached, so seeing him smile or crack a joke was, not natural, but also nice and something he could get used to.
“I think we’re ready Jack.” Cas said as he put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. They had to do this every time they went back to a different time period; everyone had to be connected in some way.
Cas crossed the room and had to gently push people out of his way so he could go towards where Dean was standing. “Dean? Do you know what’s going on? Something here doesn’t seem right.”
Cas put his bag on the table and opened it. He grabbed his journal book and carefully tore out the drawing. He went over to Jack and handed it to him.
“I’ll have the same.” Cas said folding his menu closed and taking both his and Dean’s and returning them to their original spot. He folded his hands over each other on the table and smiled up at Ellen.
He was so tired of just sitting on his ass in the bunker, reading lore books over and over again. Dean felt like his eyes were bleeding from not leaving a book for the past two months. Now that something looked like it might work, he really wanted to see if it would pan out or not.
“Yeah, yeah. If you’ll excuse me for a second I need to ask Dean, something.” Cas said, brushing her hands off of him as he tried to get away from her and to Dean so they could figure out what the actual fuck was going on.
Only thing is that it’s a really high stakes trip and Dean really didn’t want to fuck it up. This might be their only other shot at killing Michael. For good. Fuck. He needed to make sure this worked out.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut and grabbed onto Dean even tighter, feeling the cooling sensation of fear that was making its way throughout his entire body.
They needed something to work, but they didn’t need another thing going wrong; that’d been happening a LOT recently. Dean always just wanted to jump right on it; he never wanted to stop. Sam thought that he really needed to take a step back, he’d been possessed by Michael. Twice now. They didn’t even take one day off. Maybe he needed to feel useful; to do stuff to keep his mind busy.
He gave Jack a hug also. They’d become really close, Jack was like a son to Dean and he was going to miss him as much as he was going to miss Sam. A lot. But they needed people to stay here. They’d be fine here until Dean and Cas got back.
“It’s a key to an apartment on 10th street. Looks like it could be a good place to sleep and figure out where the weapons are at and maybe what’s happened between the jump from the bunker back to here.”
“Ellen?” Dean said, eyes wide open. It really didn’t click when they had pulled up to the diner Ellen’s ROADHOUSE. He didn’t think twice about the connection until she was standing right infront of him waiting for him to tell her his order. Cas finally looked up when Dean had said her name, and the recognition was clear on his face as well.
As Sam and Dean were walking back to the car, Dean thought about the “trip.” He really didn’t want Sammy to stay behind, but he needed him to. Sam was one of the only people he really, truly trusted to get him and Cas back if shit hit the fan.
“I’m fine, Dean. Let’s go inside, it's freaking cold out here.” Cas stated, wrapping his arms tightly around himself and shivering.
They’ve been to different time periods before, so it wasn’t like they had no idea what they were doing. However, it wasn’t like this was a “normal” thing. Every time that they had done something like this before, it had worked out relatively well for them. So this SHOULD work out fine.
Sam blew out a breath. This was getting fucking old. Dean wasn’t trusting Sam, like, at all anymore. Sam had already gotten left behind once before and now Dean wanted to do it again?
Jack stared at the picture for a solid 30 seconds and then looked at Cas and Dean and said “I’m ready whenever you are.”
“No! No, I know how much you enjoy your endeavors with the female population and I didn’t want to assume anything about you. Either way it does not matter to me in any way. God does not have any discrimination against sexuality or gender identity and neither do I.”
a bright yellow one, and a toned down forest green one along with some others and a few short sleeve button downs in some staple colors for hotter days. Sam found some trousers in a few different colors and some comfortable shoes. The store had pretty much exactly what they were looking for, and Dean was happy that they didn’t have to stop somewhere else to get any more clothes.
All that came out of that hell hole was an angel telling Cas the same shit that they were getting from all of their books.
‘Um, Cas? Are you really that drunk already? It’s me, Hester?” Hester stepped forward swaying a little bit towardsD him, really close, and her hands started worriedly ghosting over Cas’ arms and chest, and Cas really needed to get out of this situation.
He was wearing the light blue sweater, a pair of brown trousers, and the pair of dark brown shoes that Dean found. His hair was messier than it normally was and he looked a lot more comfortable and personable. He looked nice.
The only mode of transportation Cas had ever been in was a car, and this did NOT feel like a car. It felt a little bit like he was flying, but more like he was always right at the top of a rollercoaster, everything about to drop out from under him. It was exhilarating and terrifying all in the same moment.
“I don’t know what is going on but, um.” Cas said uncomfortably. He looked like he really didn’t want to say anything about whatever it was he knew. That was too bad because Dean really needed to know what Cas already knew.
“Cas? Did you hear me? That’s Dean over there. Oh my God, isn’t he so handsome?” Hester asked Cas and pulled on his sweater’s sleeve to get his attention.
‘Where the hell is Dean?’ Cas thought, eyes frantically searching the room for anyone who looked like him. What happened, where was he, and how did he get separated from Dean? This is really really not good.
Throwing his shoes to the side, Cas moved to the bathroom grinning at himself in the mirror. He didn't know what had possessed him back in Central park to act like that, he would've never been this assertive but the look on Dean's face was well worth it.
The man of the talk appears beside him looking irritated and Dean had the idea how the meeting has gone, he grumbles directing towards the other party "Fucking assholes."
You can say finally I 'snapped'. I'm tired of Dean not considering my feelings, always sliding me to the side. So yesterday I saw this woman dance on TV, I realized I need to have fun too. Meet new people, have a boyfriend and for some time forget I am angel bunking with two supernatural hunters. So I am doing this with the help of Sam and Todo. BTW, Todo is the snake, it took a lot to get him agreed to perform with me, he's very shy in front of a lot of people.
He is about to argue when Dean starts talking again, explaining "I own a few... companies, bars, hotels, restaurants. It's like a corporation and I'm the CEO. The whole is a part of a bigger operation, but the details are useless...and dangerous."
Cas leaned down when she gestured for him to come close, she whispered "But I know it, he just wants to keep you for himself." The omega blushed, speechless, Dean was very possessive over him but hearing it from someone else's mouth made him feel tingly and all funny.
Again, Jo cuts Sam off with a bite directed at him "Shut up omega, you will do as you are told and if you ruin this deal then I will fucking end you. You
Cas looked away towards the awe-worthy site of Angeles, yeah he wanted to marry the person he loved but that person was far away from his life and now Cas wasn't even sure if he loved
Rolling his eyes, he sidesteps the man and starts going towards his friends. Something stirs in him, he bites lips and looks back for just a little peek...nothing more. His bones chill to the bones when he sees the man has vanished into thin air.
Even when Naomi was exiled Luci gave her food that can survive two months and a horse too. He pouted and replied "No..", he looked up at Dean through his dark eyelashes when the man started kissing his fingertips keeping the eye contact. He blushed feeling his tummy churn in delight. This feeling was new to him, He has had suitors before but none of them ever came even an inch close to him since his royal guard was under strict orders of Lucifer to not let anyone with malicious intentions approach him.
Benny tries hard to not give in to those innocent blue eyes but in the end he losses and starts talking "Well, I got this job before Dean became the head of the family..." he gaze turns distant as he continues "you see I fell in love with this girl, her name was Andrea."
Cas stared up at the man, jaw set with a look of disgust, his hands were trapped under Dean's strength behind his back. The Alpha's hands were rough and Cas can feel scars burning on his skin, but he didn't bare his throat to the Alpha. He will never do that, give his submission to this man who claims to be his friend but still hurts him.
"His job is to show a path, it's our decision on what we do next." Cas said optimistically, he wasn't a total Choir boy but being a born in Catholic family, his parents were very religious. He had his beliefs, but he can see where Dean is coming from.
They were on a witch case, Castiel and Dean came to investigate the abandoned church, what they didn't guess was the witch would still be here. Now they are hiding in the closet while the witch is trying to seek them out.
"Cas, why don't you call Dean for lunch?" Charlie asked grinning, the raven haired omega had a little assumption she was plotting something but it was just about bringing Dean for lunch, he can do that. He will knock on the door, shout over it and then run back.
He blushed the compliment but it did not affect him as it did when Dean praised him. The boy persuaded again with a side smirk "What do you say about a dance?"
She turns to him with an eye roll when the demon coughs suspiciously and muses loudly "I'm sorry for calling you a monster."
Cas speaks up "I forgot to tell you tomorrow Raphael is taking full control of Heaven, he wants to get Apocalypse back on the road."
His lungs ached making it hard for him to breathe, leaning his head back on the couch Cas lets tears run down his cheeks. His stomach groaned unpleasantly making him shudder. The room was cold, he wrapped the cardigan more tightly around him for some heat.
Cas pants harder and harder with each word coming out of Dean's mouth, as he keeps kneading the omega's cock pleasurably. He can feel his cock leaking some precum, Cas just wants to reach out and tug himself, "Look at you, still denying it even though you want it."
was." Breathing heavily, the angel grumbles. Just as they landed on the ground he has dropped Sam like a rag, and the man is sprawled on the grass still snoring.
With a smug arch of his eyebrow he asked, "Do you really think Dean become the boss because of our dad?"
The closet starts rocking from the commotion happening inside it. Dean pumps faster with every Cas' moans. The angel is so needy for the hunter, finally Dean is his as much as he is Dean's.
? Maybe you were the one doting on Dean all along and now he has me, you feel threatened that Dean will never be yours?"
On the other side of the curtains, Dean locks the traitor of a women between his arms, she turns around looking far from scared if the hungry look is anything to go by. And Dean Winchester hates 2 faced people more than anything.
He huffs and crosses his arms over his chest like a petulant child. He looks at Dean who has amusement in his eyes, the Alpha ducks his head chuckling, Cas wants to strangle himself when he feels a pleasant sensation in his heart for making his-NO- the Alpha happy. So he settles for scowling at the man instead.
Gulping he takes steps towards the door, there seems to be no shadow peaking from the gap meaning nobody is just outside the door. He examines his chances to run away, if he stayed silent then nobody would catch him and if he just avoided heels this time, then that would be fantastic.
Cas breathed in relief as the pompous Alpha got out of his sight, he was so scared when the man ground on his ass talking in filthy ways. He was grateful that Max and Alicia were with him, they only looked young but certainly were as dangerous as the other older hunters.
His eyes still look at the fire as he speaks "What I am about to tell you is so incredible..." he paused and shook his head in disbelief and continued "I didn't believe it until I saw you at the airport."
With a smirk, the blonde strides in front of him, taking Cas's hand smacking a kiss on the back. The new archangel blinks with arched eyebrow "What are you doing?"
He gazed into the green orbs, shining in the orange light. Dean was truly handsome with a stubbly jaw, pink lips, dirty-bloned hair, broad shoulders but that was the thing, he only looked good, he was
He strided towards the red haired Beta who bared her throat in submission, exhaling through her nose. Sighing Dean softened his gaze and took hold of both her small forearms as he said "Anna, you and I both know if he would've stayed in Angeles then what would have happened. "
The man in question stood up from the bench and strolled towards them with casual steps, holding the ice cream cone. Cas stopped a few feet away from them, wiped his fingertip over the cream on his bottom lip before sucking it with a noise that went straight to Dean's dick "Are you talking about me?"
The new mother tilted his head, but he is pregnant the proof is right in front of the girl then he realised he probably shouldn't have said that since to the girl whose father's body he has possessed.
The omega gulped still gripping onto his dagger pushing it towards Dean. They were laying close, Cas's body flushed to Dean's, he hissed when the grip on his hand became more stiff. With another sharp smile Dean took the weapon out of his hand and threw it aside with a clink. "Stop your little tirades, angel. Trust me, You don't want to see me
Sam grimaced "You know that Cas can easily manipulatee him, Have you seen those blue eyes?" His mind had the clear image of Cas using puppy dog eyes that could even beat his.
The omega didn't want to take anything from the Alpha's hands but his throat was aching for it. So he took the glass, ignoring the pleasant filling when their fingers brushed. The wetness covering around his throat was Heaven to him, he downed the water in one go before putting it back and licking his chapped lips.
Cas decides this would a good time to know more about these people. "So, Benny tell me about yourself since I'm gonna stay a whole year in this place, I should get to know the people, right?"
He heard a whistle behind him and jerked forward a little when the black mare stopped. Why did she stop? Now is not a time for break, he is running away. There was a roar that chilled him to the bones, he realised it was none other than the King Alpha "BABY!!"
Dean storms out of the house because he knows Sam is right. He has not realized but he has hurt Cas, emotionally, mentally, physically. But the guy still comes whenever he calls. He remembers Cas's words when he came back after Leviathan.
“Wow Cas. I didn’t know you even knew who he was, much less had talked to him before! I have no idea where he is. I think Lisa invited him though. I told her that she shouldn’t have told him about tonight. You know they dated in high school? I heard they broke up because-” Hester shuffled even closer to Cas “he’s a homosexual.” She whispered into Cas’ ear.”
“Alright. Let’s get out of here. Time traveling always drains all of my energy.” Dean grumbled while grabbing enough money to pay for the bill and tossing it onto the table and striding out toward the parking lot where the motorcycle is parked. Cas sighed, pulled himself together, and followed.
Dean was still looking incredulously at the license and other IDs in the wallet when Cas held up the key and jangled it to get his attention.
I’m sooo sorry it’s literally been forever since I’ve been motivated to write anything, and I think the spark is coming back. If I don’t update sometime soon, yell at me.
Cas started sketching. Dean realized that he’d never seen Cas draw, or really even write for that matter. And damn was he good. He started with just a rough outline of a box. But after a few minutes of sketching, the warehouse they were looking for took shape on the paper.
“Okay. I’ll have that right up. You. Play nice with him.” Ellen said pointing at Dean and then over at Cas as she walked away from their table to presumably give their order back to the kitchen.
Cas almost laughed, but he caught himself just before he did. He must have let the surprise flash across his face though.
It was freezing cold with how fast they were going on the bike, (Dean, following the speed limit? Absolutely no chance.) and Cas was quickly starting to shiver. His sweater was knitted and the wind whipping around him, easily slicing through the tiny holes between each stitch.
“I’ll be back soon,” He said into Sam’s shoulder. “Don’t you dare fucking touch anything in my room.” Sam laughed and clapped him on the back.
They browsed around for a while and Dean ended up finding a couple nice sweaters in Cas’ size, most notable the light blue sweater that would complement his eyes,
“Sam, I think someone should stay behind, in the bunker. Someone needs to be here in case shit goes sideways. Also, someone needs to be here to help the other hunters and they listen to you a hell of a lot better than they listen to me.”
“That’s him.” Hester said, jabbing Cas with her elbow. Cas barely heard her though, he was watching Dean. He hadn’t seen Dean this happy in a long time. He looked about 15 years younger, and he could tell just how much he had missed Lisa. It made him incredibly sad that Dean had to give all of that up to keep them both safe.
“Killer party, huh?” she said. What the hell is happening? Cas shook his head, still utterly and completely confused.
They'd been researching for months now, pouring over all of the books in their extensive library and reading any (and all) angel and archangel lore books that they could find. The same things, over and over again; an archangel’s blade or one of the archangel’s other weapons was the only way to kill Michael. Well, with the Lance of Michael snapped; no archangel to use the blade; and the “egg” that Ketch mailed them, literally melted, the different ways of killing Michael were dwindling.
“I believe that would be a very smart idea. It isn’t that hard for me to do so it should be a walk in the park for Jack.”
Dean shook his head. Sam was right. They didn’t need to come back to a time where they were never born, or something even worse, like his Baby never being made. Dean shivered. Shit, that would be worse than going back hell.
Dean led the way to the door, holding it open for Cas to walk through first. Cas walked on through into the warmth of the diner and took it all in. The diner had the typical diner feel, smelled like grease and beer, was warm and had a cozy feel, and had the song Jailhouse Rock playing while people chatted amongst themselves. Cas had always loved Elvis. It was one of the few musical artists of any recent century that he really enjoyed listening to. Of course he loved all of the classic rock that they listened to while in the Impala, but that was mostly because of Dean. It was mostly the way Dean screamed along to the songs he replayed over and over and over until each one was engraved into Cas’ brain for the rest of eternity. Cas had a stash of Elvis records underneath his bed in the bunker. He didn’t want to take them out and set anything up permanently because the bunker wasn’t his. It was Sam and Dean’s and he didn’t want to get too attached so that the next time he was kicked out it wouldn’t be as worse of a hit as it was last time. Last time it really stung and Cas didn’t want to get hurt like that again.
Dean ended up seeing a store called Wild Man Vintage and thinking “what the hell”, drove around the street so he could find a spot that Baby could actually fit in. They parked a few blocks away, in a small parking lot that was across the street from Lawrence University.
The first thing that needed to happen was figuring out the exact location of the weapons. Cas could probably figure that out from some of the other angels so that’s what he was off doing right now.
“Yeah it’s me. Who else did you think was gonna be here? So. Who’s your friend?” Ellen said. She leaned onto the booth Dean was in and jutted her thumb over toward Cas.
Dean looked over at Cas who was already looking back at him in the sort of confused way he looked after he’d had any interaction that wasn’t with him, Sam, or Jack.
“Dean, I think I’m human? I can feel emotions, I have been over the past half hour, I thought maybe I had been tired from traveling through time because that is normal, even for an angel, but everything is so strong. And I can’t fly.” Shit Shit Shit. Why does something have to happen to them every time they try to do something?
“Well, at least we’ve got a little more information than we already had on it. We can make that work.” Dean needed it to work. They’d make it work. Cas walked over to the table and took a pencil and a notebook nearby and sat down at the desk in his room. His room wasn’t really decorated that much. It was very cold looking, except for the pictures of Sam, Dean, and Jack that he had up. He really needed some more things in there to actually make it feel like the home it was for him. Cas started leafing through the pages until he got to one that wasn’t filled up with notes about old hunts and other things that Cas wrote about. Dean liked to write down at least something about every hunt they go on; be it a new way of killing something or just how everything went and it seemed Cas had adopted the practice.
He looks at Dean who sits up and says confidently "You'll change your mind." Cas stares at the person in front of him in utter annoyance, rolling his eyes inwardly thinking that someone forgot to teach Dean the meaning of 'No'. "You just have to help me with something here."
"Hold tight, kitten." The omega falls back on the seat, as Dean accelerates. Cas sees his life pass before his eyes when Dean skiis the Impala around the corner laughing. The man is certainly going to be the death of him.
Dean was standing with his hands inside his pockets, not at all affected by Cas' scream "Get out. Get out or else.."
Cas took hold of her, hugging her to his chest murmuring meaningless sorry's but it was of no use. He can't bring her husband back, and he is at fault for this. "I'm sorry, I promised to protect your family but I failed."
He growns at the errection forming down his pants when he thinks about his blue eyed angel in it. The pink lips turning red from how many Dean will bite it, the sun kissed skin flushed with sweat and heat blending perfectly with the red of the lingerie, those messy dark locks getting more messier with how many times Dean will grip on it tightly. He groans when the phone buzzes again.
Cas looked at Dean in disbelief, his jaw tightening as he says frustrated "She came at me, Dean. She talked down to me, disregarded me with my second gender. I'm not going to back down, I can't believe you're on her side."
Dean closed his eyes sighing heavily, he was about to turn around and go back to do his work but both of them blocked his entrance making the green eyed man's jaw tick. But he wasn't about to lash out at the red haired omega, she has already been through too much but he surely can glare at Garth who stepped aside.
He gritted his teeth angrily on seeing the door still open to Cas's room. There was this pleasant feeling that he is omega's first choice on trusting someone with his heat but there could have been worst consequences if another Alpha was nearby and have sniffed his angel.
Dean lifted his mug of coffee to his lips, staring at him with raised eyebrows "Didn't I explain about getting to know you?"
He held the cold metal handle to his lips thinking about the family he has left. After changing into a pastel shade nightgown he hid the dagger beneath the pillow and acted like he was sleeping while he waited for Dean to be back.
Castiel enters the office room, a tall man is sitting at the desk, his hair is grey like his long beard, there's an air of pride and discipline around him, an Alpha. Cas knocks before entering "Mr.Grace, I'm Castiel Novak. Sales director in Bullfire Co." he says extending his hand.
"Hey, which one?" For a guy who is not envious of the baby, Balthazar surely is bad at showing it. He keeps showing Cas these cute little onesies for the baby, the one he is lifting up has
Dean takes hold of both of Cas's legs circling them around his waist as he slides inside Cas slowly. Cas gasps when he feels pain, he grips on the sheet as the flies onto Dean's back, scratching it. "Deeeean" Cas can't stop the moan as he looks at the man on top of him with closed eyelids eyes.
The Alpha stopped when a knock came from the door, leaving Cas in the bath wasn't an option but he had to. He stood up taking a towel as he dried his hair and opened the door, the room service was there with his meds frowning. Dean recognized how much the room is smelling like wedding night right now and to add up to it, a loud sound between whine and gasp came from the bathroom "Alpha."
How can he marry the Winchester, he has a fiancee. What will happen to Balthazar? He thought over maybe the French accented Alpha would come for him, save him from Dean. His attention was snapped to the door when there was a loud bang "Cas, I know you're in there. Come out."
Cas looked up at Dean, his cheeks stuffed with pasta. He swallowed embarrassed when Dean chuckled and wiped sauce from the corner of his lips.
He saddled on the mare who nidded her back leg getting adjusted to the companion riding on her. "Good girl" she hicked as Cas ran his fingers through her hair. Cas clicked his tongue and gripped to the rope as he directed the horse to move outside.
With a smile, the man leaned down bumping Cas's pinkish nose with his making the omega nibble at his bottom lip adorably as Dean said "We are home, Angel."
With a firm set of the jaw, Dean held his hand and led him out of the VIP room to a free space along the railing. He held in a moan when Dean mouthed at his neck before saying in his ear "You look
He chuckled at his silliness and took the pill, moving to the bathroom. While he scrubbed the soap on his body, his mind lingered on Dean. He wanted to dug a hole and die in it, whenever he thought about how he had displayed his body to the Alpha but instead of taking advantage, Dean tended to him kindly.
Phew, I finally completed another chapter. I hope you liked this. Don't forget to give your opinion, 🥰😘
Nodding they part and Cas wipes his cheeks with the sleeves of his trenchcoat. Before in a second he is grinning again puzzling the blonde angel at the mood changes "Let's go, Balthy."
With a flutter of wings, he was gone. Gabe groaned flipping the demon who snorted. "I think Cassie's in Mama Bear mode."
. You kidnapped me." His finger push over Dean's heart, now after all of this he doesn't even care that the man can kill him.
Balthazar regards him with a smirk and lights his cigarette "The problem is after the election..this whole deal might blow up."
"And maybe, you can come after I settle down. I promise you will also fall in love with the place." He said hopefully, but he isn't even sure that Dean is even going to let him meet his family.
Cas raises his eyebrows because What the heck? He is someone's wet dream, what imagination is the Alpha going on about?
She nodded at him making the omega feel happy that finally he has someone who doesn't know him from before.
After coming his thoughts are only on one person, he blinks and there he is behind Dean, watching the man sweep up dried leaves. Again there is ache, but now he understands it better than ever.
blood. The Alpha's eyes turning worried green from raging black and red. Cas gasps before his eyes roll back to his head and his world turn dark.
"Or else...I won't shower." Cas says triumphantly, feeling proud at finally having something to say. Dean laughs as he says "Don't worry kitten, I don't mind if you shower or not. I won't care if you dipped yourself in cow dung, you will still smell like honey to me."
Paranoid much! Shaking his head he starts walking again, he turns left but then sees it's not the way, rolling his eyes at his knowledge of direction, Cas turns around to go back to ask someone's help.
They nod at him, he jumps and goes back sliding the curtains to which both Bobby and Sam rolls their eyes. They know Dean has the bad habit of including his nether regions with work. They both put headphones on their ear.
"Luci, Calm down. You will open your wounds again." Gabriel said over his brother's voice. The King has woken up and Gabe now regrets saying about Castiel's abduction.
"Benny" Dean gritted through his teeth, the calmness in his Alpha tone scared Cas more than his anger. There was so much power radiating from Dean that it easily bends the guests to their knees.
He pulls his fingers back. "Be patient angle." He let's out a breathy chuckle at Cas' irritated sound. He spits on his hand and covers his cock with it, the already sputtering precum is also helping. "I'm going in Cas."
The ride back home is silent with 'Solitude' playing in the background and Dean driving with more caution. The soothing music coming from the stereo laced with Dean's comforting scent and trimming of fingers is making his mind hazy, more sleepy but he doesn't want to hoisted by Dean again after the incident on the top of the hood, so he tries to control his body to not shut down.
"Don't say it like, you weren't eye-fucking my brother 2 secs ago, Deano," Gabriel says raising his eyebrow as Sam nods consenting to his boyfriend's statement.
I started writing because it brought me a sense of focus, peace and desire to do better. But after my first book was viral that feeling of peace and love faded and I craved for hits and likes which is so wrong of me. I am so ashamed of myself that I even let that greed take me, the one thing I hated the most...I just became that.
Cas grimaced as they entered the dining hall "Look at this kitten I found wandering around" His heart was booming when every single person, even the cook and maid turned to him like he is Kim Kardashian.
Chuckling Cas throw more pieces keeping one year for listening to Mrs.Butters "Oh dear, you don't seem so sure."
Gabriel snorts and wipes tears from Cas's cheek that he did not have fallen "Look at you, still caring about that little brat. She's with Crowley."
"They are welcoming the King's bride." The omega's cheek tinged pink as Sam passed by them saying teasingly with a big smile. He arched his head up glaring at Alpha who was laughing too. Suddenly Dean also looked at him, it was phenomenal when forest green met ocean blues.
They both turn to him at the same time confused. Crowley looks at Cas's face before turning to Claire with a raised eyebrow, the girl grumbles something before she walks up to Cas.
do business with our company...your industry deals with trading and most of our branches are located in best trade market places, and since both of the companies also has Transportation business don't you think it will also be beneficial for both company workers?" Castiel asks pleased with his antics. He looks at Mr.Grace who is his assessing the words left by his mouth before looking at him pleased.
"I see you got your strength back." Dean says smirking, Cas huffs and looks away, his jaw twitching as Dean commands "You will get your cellphone and laptop when it's the right time."
Cas was so broken because he thought they were getting better but at last minute, Zacharia pulls something like this. He didn't come back whole night and even in the morning his side of bed was cold. He opened his phone to know about his boyfriend's whereabouts but there was no reply, instead his phone was being bombarded with Birthday wishes from his brother, cousin, parents and some office friends.
. I am going to search for my mate on my own." He barked striding towards the room kicking it open and eyeing the place, he groaned at the sweet scent around the room, Honey and lavender. Yeah, he was in the right room because nobody smelled this sinfully pure except Cas.
Rubbing his eyes, he yawns again. He stretches his arms, the bones crackle he is soo tired. Right now, he only wants the soft pillow beneath his head with lots of chocolate icecream and spicy potato chips.
They cuddled each other for a few seconds before Lucifer pulled back and looked at Gabriel eyes wide as he asked "Where is Michael? Is he okay? Is o-"
He wanted to hurl when the Alpha put his nose on his neck taking a sniff. "Mm, you don't only look delicious but smell good too, angel." Dean groaned with closed eyes.
So after Michael graduated, he ran away with Luci. After 2 yrs of living through harsh conditions, they were still with each other. The two little brothers helped as much as they can and finally their dad accepted, though it took a lot of criticizing from their mother Naomi for him to get back his senses.
This got me many likes and good review, that made my loneliness decrease, made me feel good about myself like Yeah, I am doing good. When I saw Supernatural, I liked Destiel and started reading more fics on that but there always...wasn't enough. So I wrote my own and the pride from my first fictions was still there eating me. I craved for more...so that atlast I forgot why I started this. There was a time I hated someone for commenting about how I am luring people thinking how could they say that about me, but as that anger subsided I loved that person for being honest and giving me a mirror.
