,” Steve replied.
“That thing will tear you to shreds if it can get up to speed,”  Steve said sternly.
Title is from the song Payphone by Maroon 5
“In case you needed to kill me. Yeah, I know,
“Yeah I had a feeling. I really just want to sleep,” Nova said.
“I’d probably just cut the wire.”
“Yes, well I’m sure he hasn’t been completely honest with you either. I don’t have to tell him anything,” Toni said. “I don’t see how any of this is your business anyway. Just drop it Banner.”
“Phil is actually a really nice guy, but your mom doesn’t seem to like too many people,” Natasha said.
“How’s it looking in there?” Toni asked.
As the three adults watched Nova, her skin slowly started to turn blue, but no one mentioned it. Along with her skin turning blue, markings started to come out from under her skin. Nova began to scrunch her face; she was attempting to concentrate harder. She stuck her arm out and created an image out of nothing for the others to see.
“However, after the child is born, it will be taken to one of the other realms to live its life. You two will not be allowed to see or hold the child after its birth,” Odin said monotonous. Loki screamed out in sorrow and her knees gave way. Thor, who still had a hold of her, held Loki up as she cried; he had started crying as well. Frigga stood in the same place as silent tears streamed down her face.
she cried.
“I’ll miss you, too… Super Nova,” Toni used the nickname again.
“How will your friends have time for me, when they are busy fighting you?” Loki asked. He took the scepter and poked Toni’s heart, only to hear a ding. Loki tried again and the same thing happened. “This usually works.”
“What’s going on?” Toni asked and she rushed into the room.
“Pepper what’s going on?” Nova asked. Pepper only looked at her, mouth slightly ajar, and shook her head. After Rhodey and drones saluted the audience, a loud noise came from outside. Off in the distance, a flying metal suit was racing towards the Expo.
“I have an army.”
“Excuse me, but you don’t get to tell me what to do, Stark,” Fury said, standing up.
Fury reached behind him, grabbed some cards, and threw them towards Steve, “Those were in Phil Coulson’s jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them.”
“Here,” Nova said, handing him the wrap. Loki could tell something was wrong. He attempted to take a bite, even though Mjolnir was holding his arms down.
“This is important. I can’t stay,” Coulson replied.
“He should’ve waited for us. For someone.”
One chapter left guys, and I'm getting a little sad.  This one is shorter, so I am hoping I can make the last one longer. I am so thankful for all of you guys. I almost didn't put this story up because I was worried no one would like it. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
“I know…” Nova replied as a single tear went down her cheek.
“To where? My
The woman was brought into the room where they were met by another woman, Toni figured probably Thor’s mother.
“What?” Pepper muttered.
“You can’t. There is only war, no one can stop it!” Loki laughed back.
“You go Natasha!” Nova called out. Pepper gave a shocked look in Natasha’s direction, and then one in Nova’s. “I… uh…”
“Just be careful. Tell Thor the same. Love you,” Toni said.
Nova propelled her way over to the group, “I’ve been meaning to try this for a while...” Nova mustered up some energy in her hands and hit the ground towards the Chitauri. Each alien fell to the ground dead, and Nova celebrated. She continued her own little battles by herself.
“I am so happy for you mom!” Nova exclaimed.
*****
“Mmm. I wonder if Pepper made breakfast this morning,” Nova said to herself. She hopped out of the bed and made her way towards the living room/kitchen area. “Morning guys!”
“Don’t act all high and mighty about this, Stark. This will bite you in the ass, I hope you know that,” Fury shook his head in anger. “You let a fourteen year old control your life.”
“Hey kiddo. I’m so sorry for not giving you a better two years. I guess I’ve got a lot of baggage,” Toni said. Tears came down her face.
“Yes Nat.
“Okay, explain now,” Bruce said, still working on the computer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I guess you are right. And Thor, please, we do not know if the child is male or female, why do you refer to the child as ‘she?” Loki sighed.
“I promise mother. Now, please, who was it.”
“Not really sure, but I’m pretty sure Toni’s kid is Thor’s kid,” Bruce said. Steve looked at him with a confused expression.
“Which one?” Nova joked. Steve gave her a look, but Nova only laughed. “Speaking of my mom, please tell me you’re going to ask her out because
“A nuclear deterrent! Cause that always helps!” Toni said, throwing her hands up.
“I was having twelve percent of a moment. Come on, let’s see what this is,” Pepper responded. As Toni set the laptop down, Pepper and Nova come in close to watch. Toni take the holograms from the screen and throws them up. Each hologram is dedicated to each Avenger.
“Where are you off to then?” Toni asked Thor.
Toni opened one folder to find it empty, “Who is this one supposed to belong to?”
“I am what?” Thor’s voice was heard from the door. Once again, the door was not heard being opened.
“I’ll let Nat know. Hey Nat, you there?” Toni asked through the com.
“I probably should have seen that coming,” Nova said. Rhodey walked up to her.
“Peter! Peter where are you?” Nova could hear the woman shouting. Peter let go of Nova’s hand and started running towards the woman.
“You are a very smart girl. You inherited that from her. You are correct... Loki is your mother,” Thor responded. Nova nodded silently. “He and I always knew we were never truly brothers, not only from our appearances, but from the way the all father treated the both of us. One night, Loki had learned new spells, and he wished to show me. He turned himself into a woman, and well, I bedded him. Her. However you wish to see that.”
,” Fury said. Toni’s eye’s watered slightly.
“Selvig?” Thor asked facing the scientist.
“Loki, my dearest, I told you the child was a girl!” Thor said happily.
Toni looked over to where Phil had died, then the hole where his daughter went down, “He made it personal.”
“Toni this is urgent,” Coulson said.
Rosalinda frowned a little, “Well, I guess. Please don’t take too long, she still needs to do her chores for the day.”
“Ooo, handsome man, calling my name. I’ll be back,” Toni said, walking away from Thor and Nova. Bruce took Toni’s spot.
“Don’t you
“Loki, you do not understand! I only ever wanted you!” Thor yelled, turning to look at the other man. Loki gave him a confused look, and Thor gave one last swing at the bridge. The bridge gave way, and the two were thrown back by the blast. They both started falling, but Odin caught Thor, and Thor caught Loki with the staff.
“Uh… where would that be? You kind of blew it up…” Nova said. Toni pursed her lips a little.
okay to break glasses and dishes when he wanted more of something. Nova tried explaining, but Toni had had enough of it and made him use paper plates and Styrofoam cups.
“Oh no. I plan to threaten you,” Toni said with a smile.
“Plan to appeal to my humanity?” Loki asked.
“You do not know how much I regret not doing so. We were not supposed to see you after the birth, but my mother, your grandmother, let us without my father knowing. I have thought of you every day since, and I know Loki has as well. Since that day, he has closed himself off from me, from everyone,” Thor said sadly. Nova didn’t know what to say; she wanted to be angry but wasn’t.
Frigga had also been given the task of telling Loki and Thor that they would not be able to leave this section of the castle at all during their stay. They were to have all of their meals brought to them. They were allowed visitors, such as Thor’s friends and Frigga herself.
daughter.”
“Holy shit, your Captain America!” Nova exclaimed and Steve gave her a smile.
“You… know? But how? We only just found out ourselves,” Phil asked, shocked.
*****
“Always have a way out. You may not be a threat to us, but you better stop acting like you’re a hero!” Steve barked. Nova’s eyes widened at that sentence. She knew it was going to push Toni over the edge.
“Got that...” Toni said. She looked over to see Loki going into the tower. “Well, I’m beat.”
“Yeah, Fury doesn’t tell you a lot of things,” Toni said. Suddenly, lightning started to strike outside the Quinjet.
“Just tell me where my kid is!” Toni shouted angrily.
Down below, Nova and Natasha groaned as they sat up, but Bruce’s groans were longer and getting deeper.
Title is from the song Connection by OneRepublic
“Not a nice woman, I’m assuming?” Toni asked, shutting the door.
Nova fought alongside Steve on the ground, using her powers as best as she could. She was getting tired; Nova had never used her powers this much for this amount of time.
?” Nova asked.
“Ahh, I see. Well, I’m not sure I can do that either. I have an idea, just hang on a moment,” Nova said next. The teen closed her eyes and put her hands flat on the table.
“Well I did all the brute work. And the whole security thing is your fault, I’m just gonna say it straight out,” Toni shrugged and walked in a different direction, probably so Pepper wouldn’t hit her.
“Bruce you need to fight this. This is what Loki wants!” Natasha said. Nova was starting to get worried.
“Ow!”
“It’s in your nature.”
“To start, Nova isn’t human,” Toni said first.
Thor looked almost as shocked as Toni was, and when he was about to say something, Nova spoke up first. “So, let’s start from the beginning then, shall we?”
Nova bounced from area to area, trying to destroy any Chitauri and save people. As she was helping some people into a more secluded and secure hiding place, a voice said her name from the distance. Nova turned around to see Bruce on a little motorbike.
,” a female’s voice rang out. It was Loki, Nova realized. This had to have been right after she was taken. “
Oh, this is an extra long chapter. Couldn't figure out a good spot to stop. I hope you enjoy this chapter!
“What an ass,” Toni said. She pulled Nova and Pepper close. “I love you guys. Now let’s go home.”
*****
“Phil is a really nice guy. I don’t know why you don’t like him,” Nova said. She began munching on her toast halfway through her sentence, so most of what she said was lost to Toni.
Title is from the song I Am... I Said by Neal Diamond
“What are you doing? Where are you taking me?” Nova asked; was Toni’s new assistant trying to kidnap her?
“Oh my god,” was all he could get out before an explosion rocked the entire ship. Everyone was thrown around the room, except for Nova, Natasha, and Bruce, who ended up a level below.
“You are my son,” Odin replied, stopping in his tracks.
“What does your daughter have to do with it?” Steve asked.
“I-I…” Nova didn’t know what to say.
“You watched?”
“Pretty bad plan if you ask me. When they come, and they will, they are gonna come for you,” Toni smirked.
of people.
” Jarvis asked and Toni sighed.
“I am not prepared for what is to come. I would like to think I am, or soon could be. I never wanted this to happen,” Loki said. Thor walked up.
,” Jarvis announced.
“I don’t know about that,” Toni said.
“And your plans for the cube?” Toni asked, folding her fingers together.
“I thought we could unite our kingdoms one day. Bring about an alliance, bring about, a permanent peace. Through you,” Odin said. Loki’s face fell.
“Hotel?” She asked. Pepper shrugged.
“You are going to lose,” Phil said.
“Hi, Nova, I am Doctor Helen Cho. I’m a really good friend of Toni’s. Can you explain to me what’s been going on so I can try to piece everything together?” Dr. Cho said, sitting on the edge of Nova’s bed. Nova repeated what Toni had already told Dr. Cho. “Well, I am going to have to draw some blood to find out what exactly is going on okay?” Nova nodded.
“That’s what Coulson told me. I’m so sorry I let you down, Noves,” Toni said sadly.
“Yeah… She’s always been like that since I can remember, which is pretty much everything,” Nova replied, plopping down on the couch in the study. Toni sat across from her in a chair. “Miss Stark, can I ask you a question?”
It all started at the hearing. She didn’t get to actually attend it because, well, she was still a kid, but from what was on the news, Nova could tell Toni was acting differently. It wasn’t unusual for Toni to embarrass others for their, in Toni’s words, ‘lack of intelligence’, but she almost went overboard with it.
“An army, from space?” Steve asked.
“Ugh, get out of the car before you really make me cry,” Toni said, wiping her eyes and laughing.
Oh, Loki, what about Modi for a boy?” Thor asked.
“Nova, let me in!” Toni shouted from outside the door.
“I only just found out about her parentage. But there is one thing you need to know-“
“What the hell am I supposed to do then?” Nova shouted into the air. She looked over into the distance to see a herd of Chitauri. “Hmm...”
“Put on the suit, let’s find out!”
“Free us from what, exactly?”
“So what you are telling me is, is that you’ve been building profiles on who her parents might be?” Toni asked. She was currently in a conference room with Fury and Phil.
Steve leaned forward to grab one, grief written all over his face. Toni stayed silent as Fury continued, “We are dead in the air up here. The location of the cube, Banner, Thor, our communications. I have nothing for you.”
“You are keeping something from Fury. I can tell,” Bruce replied.
“Sorry kids. You don’t get to see my party trick after all,” Bruce put the scepter back.
“You were an innocent child,” Odin said back.
“He’s uh, adopted,” Thor replied.
“Yes. We planned on building an arsenal, but I never put my money on it because there was something riskier I was more interested in. Stark knows about it. There was an idea called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more. See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that dream,” Fury stated. Toni shook her head and walked out of the room. She was too pissed off for this.
“A necklace for her. When she turns the age of sixteen, it will release her magic. It will contain it until then. It shall grow as she grows. Anyone who tries to take it off of her will be shocked. I also put a message in there for her so she can find us. I
“She seems like a good kid. I know I didn’t know her before, but I’m sure you’ve helped her,” Steve replied.
“Why do you twist my words?” Odin asked, frustrated.
“I’ll go get it. I can get there faster,” Toni said, getting ready to leave the room.
“Promise me something, Super Nova,” Toni said.
“You too, Super Nova,” Toni said. Nova shook her head and laughed.
The two started a bickering match, and neither of them noticed the door opened. Bruce, however, did notice it and saw Nova standing outside. Bruce coughed a little and motioned towards the door. The two looked towards the door, and Steve made his way out but not before saying, “Just find the Cube, Stark.”
I totally meant to upload this chapter early early this morning!
,” the female council member said.
Steve reentered and slammed a H.Y.D.R.A. gun on the table, “This is Phase Two. Sorry Stark, but your way was too slow. You plan to make weapons with the Cube, don’t you?”
"Why? Because I am the monster who parents tell their children about at night? Because my daughter would be half of what I am?" Loki yelled.
Toni and Coulson walked through the door next, and Toni responded, “It’s a stabilizing agent. It’s so the portal wont collapse on itself like it did at the base. With the Iridium, he can also keep the portal open as long as he wants.”
“Am I cursed?” Loki asked, not turning around. Odin began to approach him.
, when a knock was heard.
“Are you alright?” Thor asked Nova, moving the hair out of her face. Nova was at a loss for words.
“Let’s do a head count! A couple of master assassins,” Toni started. Loki turned, still listening. Toni slipped on her bracelets while he had his back turned, “A man with incredible anger management issues; a breathtakingly handsome super soldier, a living legend, who kind of lives up to that legend; your
“Father we didn’t mean for this to happen. I… I had gone out to drink some and Loki came along and had some as well. He wanted to show me something new he had learned from his books. Father, we really did not intend for this,” Thor said. Loki sniffled beside him.
*****
“Oh, fine. You aren’t much fun to play with,” Nova sighed. The teen snapped her fingers, and Pepper’s hair was back to normal.
“I could have done it father! I could have done it!” Loki cried out, a hurt expression was written all over his face. “For you! For all of us.”
“That, my dear Russian friend, was Thor,” Toni sighed and stood up.
Loki, too, looked on from above, “Send the rest.” In an instant, thousands of Chitauri and Leviathans flooded through the portal.
“Hey, don’t talk like that. We will figure this out. Do you remember anything from when you were unconscious?” Toni asked. She looked back to see if Pepper was still there, but she must have slipped out quietly.
“But those were just the previews, tonight is opening night! He’s a full on diva; he wants the flowers and parades. He wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered—Son of a bitch!” Toni shouted. The two fled the room, Toni to fix her suit and Steve to round everyone up.
“I’ve seen worse,” Natasha said, hinting towards Bruce.
“Back away from the girl!” Happy’s voice called out loudly. The man made his way through the circle of reporters to grab Nova. “Let’s go Noves, we’ve got to get to the Expo.”
“That doesn’t really matter,” Steve responded.
When Justin Hammer announced his Hammer drones, and that Rhodey was the leader, Pepper really started to freak out. Rhodey was currently in the Mark II suit he took from Toni.
“What?” Loki asked at the mention of Nova's name.
” Pepper said.
“Noves are you okay?” Toni asked with a worried tone.
“Wow, what a great team we have here,” Bruce said sarcastically.
“You still want me?” Nova asked confusion written on her face.
Toni smacked Steve’s hand away, “You gonna stop me? I’d like to see you try soldier boy.”
“Fine, I just go up a different way,” Nova huffed. She walked outside and started to use her magic to lift herself into the air. Just as she was getting ready to go up, Toni flew overhead.
“You… you really mean it?” Nova asked, wiping her eyes a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Loki, we can do this together. We can do this, for her,” Thor said, searching Loki’s eyes, and Loki looked at him with fearful eyes. The moment went away as quickly as it came, however, and the next thing Thor knew, Loki had an evil look back in his eyes. Loki stabbed Thor with a small dagger, and Thor keeled over. Thor groaned and ripped the dagger out of his side. He stood, grabbed Loki, and threw the man to the floor. Loki took the moment to roll off of the building and onto a chariot.
“Stalling will do you no good.”
“What? No it isn’t him. God no. It’s Thor,” Toni said.
“I’m so excited for this. Are these things cool?” Nova asked on the way to the elevator.
“So… I’m an alien…” Nova said, thinking out loud.
“This is urgent,” Steve said sternly.
“We love you Nova. Please know that,” Thor said, giving Nova a kiss on her forehead. Loki sat up and did the same and cupped her daughter’s cheek.
” Nova said.
,” Steve said solemnly. Toni noticed he said her name; It had been the third time today. She’d have to give him hell for it, if she ever got the chance.
“There are some things we need to discuss,” Fury said.
Loki was given his task: receive the Tesseract and take over Earth, even if it was against his will. Loki was being control by the very scepter he was given, and deep down he knew he couldn’t take over Earth. It was either take over the Earth, or die by the hands of the mad titan. All Loki really wanted was to have his daughter, but he lost his chance, probably forever. He lost Thor, and because of what was about to happen, he would lose his other love forever.
Then it happened: Nova was sitting in a hotel room in Monaco watching the Monaco Grand Prix on television. Everything seemed fine until Toni decided she would drive the Stark Industries race car. Just minutes later, a man came out with electrified whips.
“Hey!” Steve shouted, walking in.
Over the next day, Nova had already gotten used to her room at the S.H.I.E.L.D. base. She was reading one of her favorite books,
“Loki, if you do not calm yourself, you will hurt the baby. Do you want me to use some of my seidr?” Frigga asked.
“She’s fine Ms. Stark.  She is currently on a plane ride back to the states as we speak. A bodyguard is with her and will be taking her back to Malibu. We can let you call her as soon as we land,” Natalie informed Toni. It wasn’t completely a lie. Nova
,” Loki sneered. Thor dropped his hammer and stood Loki up.
“Hey, language. You are too young to be saying shit like that,” Toni scolded.
“Who’s locked you out of the mainframe?” Pepper said coming up on Hammer.
“That’s because you never think! You let that girl run your life. You are an irresponsible parent, and you are doing more harm than good with her. You just don’t want to admit it,” Natasha scolded. Toni was taken aback at Natasha’s bite towards her. Toni didn’t know how to respond, so she walked out instead.
“I mean, if you want to. Are you sure you don’t want to stay home?”
“Loki, I thought you were dead.”
“What’s going on? Steve walked over to Bruce.
“Either you get out, or I will blast you out. You have ten seconds. Jarvis, get him out of here,” Toni said with more attitude.
Toni was on her way to engine three where she was meeting Steve at.
“Skip the spinning rims, J. We’re on the clock,” Toni said landing on the pad. As she walked towards the penthouse, her suit was removed and stored. She slowly walked into the penthouse, watching the God of Mischief closely. She made her way behind the bar as Loki walked forward.
“Hey, I think I did okay,” Toni interjected. She gave a look towards Nova, and the girl agreed.
“Must not have gone well in there?” he asked. Nova sighed, and he nodded. “I knew it would not go well.
“What’s wrong Toni?” Pepper asked.
“Oh come on why can’t we just let him let off a little steam?” Toni asked putting her hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve wacked it off.
The older man laughed, “Too late! She can’t stop now! She wants to show us a new universe.”
“Sure, I can come find you when its time,” Bruce said with a tight smile.
“You did
male names just in case, dear,” Loki replied.
“Are you sure? This could help his case!” Thor said with excitement in his voice.
“But it does, I have come too far for anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard, and I am burdened with glorious purpose,” Loki said. Erik stood up after checking one of the scientists.
Toni threw he hands up, “It wasn’t me I swear!”
“He just needs to give up the cube, then he’s all yours. Until then, stay the hell out of the way,” Toni replied and lowered her faceplate
” Nova shouted into the phone.
Toni opened her faceplate, “Aw, well gee Cap, if you wanted to make a move all you had to do was ask~.” Steve immediately stood up.
“Seidr. But yes. Thor said Loki learned a new spell and boom. Here I am,” Nova said.
“It isn’t like you’re here because I batted my eyelashes at you,” Natasha spit back.
That night, Odin ordered Loki be changed back to his original form. Loki was forever broken by what happened and secluded himself. His hatred for Odin only grew from there. Thor tried to get close to Loki again, but Loki wouldn’t allow it.  Even through all of this, Loki and Thor never forgot about Nova.
Everything seemed to be okay, up until Nova collapsed on the floor with a shout of pain. Fury decided it would be best to reveal himself then.
“Why does everything have to be so complicated, Jesus,” Toni said to herself. She had the rest of the day to herself as Pepper was off handling business with the company and Nova was at school.
First off, I want to sincerely apologize to the who have been reading this since the beginning. I am so sorry it has taken me so long to update. I was extremely stressed, and I just put off writing, and that just ended up stressing me even more! I started writing Chapter 8 5 months ago, and I was having a hard time figuring out what I wanted in it, and then my grandpa passed away, so I pushed it off again. I was thinking about putting it off for a few more days because I want to get multiple chapters done, but its been long enough.
“Loki darling, it shall be over soon, I promise,” Thor said, gently petting Loki’s head. Loki screamed in pain.
With that, the two flew out of the apartment. Toni didn’t call Pepper to tell her what had happened or where they were going, so when Pepper returned to the destroyed apartment, she nearly had a heart attack.
“I am ready,” Loki said fiercely. She gripped Thor’s hand hard, and started the beginning of her pushes.
“It sounds so weird when you say that. I’m just not used to it. I think a part of me can’t believe it,” Toni said, taking Nova’s hand.
“Are you fucking kidding me? I’m done. Coulson, you handle the rest of this. I’m done with this,” Fury said in anger.
“We need to get back, tell the others,” Nova said.
“Your lack of conviction.”
“Does no one care what I think? And when did we start calling him Phil? His first name is Agent,” Toni said.
“Okay, we need to go see Fury. He might know what to do,” Toni said, putting her helmet back on. “Hang on tight okay?”
I meant to upload this chapter last night, but I kind of fell asleep before that happened. Please enjoy this next chapter of Home! :)
While Toni was getting ready to start clearing the debris, Steve stood watch by the red lever. Suddenly, two of Loki’s pawns engaged towards Steve. One threw a grenade in, but Steve noticed it in time and hit it away. When he landed, Steve began to fight the two men and threw one off the Helicarrier. And jumped back up towards the catwalk and began firing a machine gun. Then, again suddenly, the Helicarrier began falling faster; engine one was failing and completely offline.
“Well, of course, I have heard of you! I have read so many articles about you!” Nova exclaimed. Rosalinda made a cough noise. Nova quieted down a little and looked back down.
“What? Nothing!” Toni laughed.
And just like that, Nova’s eyes changed back to blue. “I just put up a force field… with my hands…”
*****
“Tell Jarvis to let me up,” Nova shouted.
“What the hell is going on?” Toni asked, removing her helmet.
“Oh, she isn’t my birth mom. I’m adopted,” Nova said.
“He was only doing his job,” Steve replied.
Out on the bridge, Steve sat at a conference table. He and Fury were waiting for Toni to show up.
The same council man answered again, “
*****
Fandral said, picking her up bridal style. The man ran to her bedroom where the two met Thor.
*****
“As a team,” Steve replied.
“What?” Nova said. She looked at her arms. They were bright blue like they had been the other night. Nova then ran to the bathroom; she made it just in time to see the blue fade from her face. Toni wasn’t far behind her. “I’m actually an alien… what the hell?”
“Guys just stop, Loki wants to keep the fight focused on us, and if he isn’t here to run these things, they could go wild. Stark is up top right now and I’m sure she’s gonna need us to...” Steve trailed off as he saw Bruce pull up.
“You are supposed to be looking for the Tesseract.”
“My Aunt May is around here somewhere! I’m Peter by the way!” the boy exclaimed next.
“Oh thank god. I’ll be back in five minutes. Maybe ten,” Nova said, exiting the room.
“Well,
No it’s okay Pepper. I just wanted to talk to you,” Nova said. She had to keep it cool, Pepper still thought she was at a friend’s house.
Down the hallway, Bruce spoke up, “You know him don’t you?”
Before Pepper could answer, Jarvis spoke up, “Ma’am the phone, my protocols are being overwritten.”
“Yeah right,” Steve said. The two started bickering away once more.
“Yes, that’s me. Now let’s go find your aunt,” Nova said, taking the boys hand. With all of the Hammer drones gone, the crowd started to thin out a little. Nova could see one woman, however, that was staying behind. She was looking around frantically.
“I don’t understand, what do you mean..?”
He bites his tongue at the pain in his chest as he sits up, legs hanging off the edge of the bed, ready to grab the IV pole and make his way to Steve’s room, when Rhodey stands in front of him, blocking his path.
“Whatever they’re looking for, we can’t let them find it first.” Nat comes in to save the day, as usual.
“Wait,
to do what he did if he hadn’t been drunk. That’s hardly the same thing.”
He’s wrong.
He grins, knowing exactly what the effect of his words on Steve is going to be, but going for it anyway. “Then it’s a date.”
in his bedroom.” Steve winces at that, shifting uncomfortably on the bench. “Why do you think that is?”
about calling that AI of yours, you will
I asked JARVIS to let you know… there’s food on the kitchen island if you’re hungry. - Steve
who throws himself at every man who glances his way like- like...”
everyone.
Steve just sits there, legs sprawled, elbow on the arm of the chair, hand caressing his own chin while Tony takes his clothes off under his intense gaze.
“I- well, you never...” Tony’s mouth had gone dry, something warm and pleasant pooling just above his groin. “I thought you didn’t like that.”
“Don’t go there, Nat.” He resumes his position in front of the punching bag.
more fun than I expected.”
“No, Steve. I mean
Tony walks out of the car and a hundred different flashes go off. He’s got his characteristic glasses on so it’s no big deal. With them on he feels guarded, in control, confident. He’s shooting the photographers his charming smile as usual and extending his arm in the air, making a peace sign.
“So it’s that serious, huh?”
“Well, actually, no. I don’t really know you.”
She stops pacing and looks at him, waiting. He understands he’s supposed to fill in the blank and so he does with a sigh, because he’s been over this in his head a billion times already.
“You wanna… what?
do this!”
Tony’s blasting AC/DC in the workshop as he works on new designs for Hawkeye’s arrows so it takes him a few seconds to register the noise behind him.
“About…?”
“I know what Cap said. We’re going in.”
That’s Rhodey.
. How did he not realize sooner? As if he could read his mind, fake-Steve kept going. “What’s your precious little boyfriend going to say when he finds out that you didn’t even
Tony comes back to himself a bit after that, and the realization of what’s happened hits him as hard as a brick wall.
of me
Steve locks eyes with him. The anger and the resentment is still there and Steve feels the urgent need to shake the man. This is not the time nor the place to be having petty arguments, they need to focus. He ignores him.
“Then why do you ask if you’re gonna keep breaking my balls anyway?”
“Just drive.”
“And get some rest. You need it too.”
“Yeah?” he does mean it every bit as sarcastically as it comes out.
“Oh, but it is. It is real simple. Just tell him.”
“Is this public knowledge now? Does everyone know about my fight with Cap?” he asks as he gives up and drops the boxes over the counter, going for the coffee pot instead. “Because you’re all being incredibly biased and may I remind you,
But, fucking hell, he wants to.
Tony’s brows fly up and he eyes Steve’s body unashamedly, shooting him a smirk. “Darling, you could
“Yeah. Exactly.”
“Just promise me you’ll go easy on the ‘wine’ part, though.” And that’s enough to make them both break in laughter. Tony in bewilderment and Steve in relief.
“I- yeah, babe, of course I do.”
“Funny you should use that expression since it actually looks
you were gonna take his side! You
“You don’t
"I would still want this." Tony cuts him off but Steve raises a hand to stop him.
“And tell him what?”
He eyes their thighs, brushing together. He doesn’t want to lose his friend, he doesn’t want to face the rejection. He settles for playing dumb.
to us, to the team, when it does? It’s too…” he struggles for a second to find the perfect word. “It’s
“Fine” Tony drops the tool he’d been clutching onto the work table and crosses his arms over his chest. “Long story short, remember the debriefing with Fury, the one where I was on video call from Malibu?”
Steve glances up occasionally, keeping an eagle eye on the smaller man as he tinkers away, while he draws in his mysterious sketchbook. He immediately jumps off of the couch and rushes to Tony’s side when he catches the genius trying to lift a heavy piece of metal. Dear Lord, it’s like he’s babysitting a three year old.
“Uh-” when Tony finally speaks, Steve’s suspicions are confirmed. He’s stammering. “Well- I just wanted to say hi, I guess.”
. Beg for me.”
. Most of the time we don’t see eye to eye, we have completely different personalities, we are… we’re complete
“We are!” Steve quickly snaps out of his own sad internal monologue, eyes wide. “We are, Sam. You’re- you’ve been the closest thing to a best friend I’ve had since-” He doesn’t say his name. He can’t deal with that right now. “I just thought… maybe you’d feel uncomfortable around me if- I didn’t want to lose you.”
“My mom stopped him, but- she took a few hits herself.” Steve runs the back of his hand under his nose and sniffles. There’s a pause and a silence because Steve needs a moment to regroup and Tony is too horrified to say anything. Finally, the blond coughs and clears his throat. “So now that you know this... It's not-" He pauses, struggling to find the right words. "Look, I don't mind you having a glass of scotch, but every time you drink yourself into oblivion-” he nods towards the bottle and the glass still sitting on top of the coffee table just before his gaze gets lost again into the city lights, glinting behind the window. “I know you're not drinking because you're enjoying yourself, you're drinking
” Nova’s voice rang out.
” Jarvis noted. A sob came from Nova’s mouth. Toni hugged Nova closely and patted her back.
“Sir, please put down the spear!” Fury shouts. The man’s grin grew, and he fired a blast towards the people. Clint moved Fury out of the way before they could get hit. The other guards in the room began firing their weapons onto the man, but he just came back with more energy shots from his spear. Clint moved to try to stop him, but the man grabbed him first.
“J, what is that?” Toni asked.
Toni put the first folder aside and opened the other. In the folder contained a photo of a tall blonde man. After reading through some of the information, she looked up and said, “I don’t know if this is him. Nova specifically said she saw a man with black hair and green eyes. This is not that man.”
Nova hadn’t realized she was crying until she sniffled. Loki had looked so innocent, and that was only almost fifteen years ago. Loki had been through hell, and he was going to have a hard time coming back from it.
,” Jarvis responded.
“Four years ago this really nice man and woman wanted to adopt me. They were almost through the paperwork when they decided they wanted someone else. They left me behind and took another girl my age, instead. I guess I’m just worried you won’t want me anymore,” Nova said as she started to tear up again. Toni got up from her spot and sat down next to Nova on the couch. She gave her a big hug and rubbed her back.
” Nova asked.
“Toni,” Steve scolded, still blushing.
Toni let go of Nova for a moment, “J, run a scan on Nova’s necklace.”
“I’m sorry Cap, but hell no. I’m not leaving you to fight these guys alone down here. They both heard an explosion, they saw Loki crash into the penthouse, Hulk not too far behind. “Oh shit.”
“I get this from her, don’t I?” she asked. Thor nodded..
“What in the hell?” Fury said. He picked Nova up and started running in the direction of the infirmary.
“Well, this is a mess isn’t it?” Bruce asked getting off the bike.
“He’s tearing us apart. He tried to start with Barton and Selvig, but we got Barton back. He’s going to use you to get to her,” Steve commented.
“Father please-” Thor started once more as he began moving towards his father.
Nova loved her new life; she had people who loved her and wanted to take care of her. She loved Pepper, and Pepper adored her. Pepper would take Nova out for ice cream if she got all of her homework done, and Nova, Pepper, and Toni would occasionally watch movies if they had time.
Loki shook her head a few times, “No mother. I just want this child out of me. Why is she not out of me yet?” Loki whined. Thor grabbed a hold of her hand with his.
“How the hell does Nova have anything to do with this?” Toni asked.
Toni couldn’t believe that man, all because she told Nova the secret that she had been keeping since the summer of 2010. When she had asked Pepper what to do, the woman only replied with, “It’s up to you Tones. She’s your daughter.”
“Honestly, Nova, I’m not sure she’ll be there. Something is going on with her right now, and nobody is quite sure what’s going on,” Pepper said, putting a hand on Nova’s shoulder. When the woman wasn’t looking, Nova looked up at Natasha; they both knew what was going on. When the elevator opened, they were greeted with flashing lights and a
*****
“You did? My dear, what is it?” Thor asked.
Nova used her magic and broke the lock on the door. She smiled to herself and left the room. As she walked down the hall, Nova observed everything just incase she needed to sneak back.
“I’m sure you two will figure something out. Remember my conditions,” Toni said, pointing at Thor. A motorcycle pulled up behind Toni’s convertible, and Steve stepped off of it.
“Ms. Potts! Can you tell us anything about Toni Stark?” a reporter shouted, trying to get closer.
“Thor, if we ever make it out of this place together, we are
“Nova, what happened?” Toni asked, walking closer to the girl.
“Well, the chain has never been replaced. It is almost like it grows when I do. And nobody else can touch it. One of the older kids tried to take it off of me when I was younger, and it shocked them. I just figured it was just a little electricity or something, but it is
“Loki, no! We can fix this!” Thor shouted.
“Alright, alright. I’m ready,” Pepper laughed. The three made their way to the door to leave.
“I remember a man. He was… elegant and graceful almost . Long black hair and bright green eyes,” Nova said with a small smile.
Title is from the song Slipping Through My Fingers by ABBA
“Ugh what the hell does he want now? I’m not here. Tell him I’m out.”
,” Loki’s words came out like venom, “I don’t have much of a choice.” Loki moved towards the control panel and lifted a cover. Out of nowhere, Phil appeared with what looked like a Phase Two weapon.
“Yep,” Steve helped her up off the ground.
“I just want to know why S.H.I.E.L.D. is making weapons of mass destruction,” Bruce said.
“And risk you escaping? I don’t think so,” Loki said. He looked down at Nova, “I know you, but who are you?”
“Hotel it is then. Hang on tight,” Toni said, grabbing a hold of Nova and Pepper.
“Who is it?” Nova asked.
“You try to sound so heroic, making it seem as if you have something against me, but you don’t. You have nothing. You will all fall before me.”
“Yes, I know, Pep. But on an even more serious note, when did you dye your hair, I absolutely love the new color,” Toni replied with a smirk; the genius looked over towards Nova and winked.
“Loki, brother of Thor?” Selvig asked. Loki turned around and stalked towards the scientist. He then turned Selvig and looked at Fury.
“Enough!” Steve shouted from his spot. He stood up and out his hands on the table. “We’ve had a long enough couple of days. We don’t need to be bickering about anything. Just eat in silence if you are going to act like a child.”
“Maybe you should go find a place to hide—” Steve was cut off again.
“Ah, I’m sorry,” Bruce said awkwardly.
“Of course! I would never lie to you about something this important. Did something happen?” Toni asked, cocking her head a little.
“That’s kinda cool, but kinda creepy that he knows
“Should’ve left your armor on for that.”
going on,” Nova said. A few moments later, and armored vehicle pulled up along with a few black cars pulled up. Erik Selvig exited one of the cars, a briefcase in one hand and a container in the other, and he walked towards the group. An agent walked behind him with a few more tools. Bruce met him, and they began transferring the Tesseract into the container from the briefcase. Other agents went to the armored vehicle to retrieve Loki; when he stepped out, Nova noticed they had put what looked like a muzzle on him. Out of the corner of her eye, Nova could see Natasha and Clint making jokes to each other. Thor met the agents halfway to get Loki, said a few words, and the muzzle came off. Thor brought Loki to where Nova was.
The tesseract was starting to spark. Everyone watched as a beam came from it and created a portal. The portal began growing before it vanished, releasing energy throughout the room. The leftover energy circled to the top of the room; a man kneeled in the place the portal was. He slowly stood up, a menacing grin on his face.
“Okay,” Nova replied, trying to be as brave as she could be.
, I just as well might add,” Nova replied. The sound of the War Machine came over their heads. When Rhodey landed, a very pissed off Pepper was walking towards Toni.
“I’m destructive, self-centered. I’m hurting her more than I’m helping her. She could’ve been seriously hurt because I didn’t send her with Pepper. What happened to Coulson could’ve happened to-”
“Where’s you guardian?” Nova asked loudly.
“Loki is manipulating you,” she said next. Nova looked over towards Thor with a worried gaze, then over to her mom with the same look.
“My mother is the bad guy they have locked up. Is that what you are about to tell me?” Nova asked again.
“Well, I was hoping you could do that. I’m better at building things, not being a doctor,” Toni joked, trying to make the atmosphere less rigid.
"You could have told me what I was from the beginning! You had a chance at an alliance almost years ago, when Thor and I had our child. You ruined the alliance you hoped for in the past. Why didn't you just tell me?"
“Loki made a message. Did you see the message?” Thor asked.
“What do you think caused it?” Pepper asked.
“Really, Nova? You were in there for maybe fifteen minutes,” Natasha said after turning a corner. A man was with her, and judging from the amazed look on Nova’s face, she knew exactly who he was.
” Jarvis said.
“Oh yes? And did you mourn for me?” Loki asked.
Thor sternly looked at his father and spoke once more, “Father, please, I need to know. How did you find this out; did someone tell you?”
“Grab a hold,” Thor said. Loki and Nova held the same side, and they shared a look.
“Sir I am sure they will be here soon. You know how Stark is,” Phil said to the frustrated man.
“That is the island of Manhattan. Until I know my team can’t handle it anymore, I will not order a nuclear strike against the civilian population!” Fury argued.
“Because he believed?”
“What do you mean?” Toni asked.
“He is correct, we only have about two minutes,” Selvig said next. Loki looked at Clint and nodded his head towards Fury. Clint drew his gun and quickly shot Fury; the older man dropped the briefcase and fell to the ground. Loki and his new henchmen made their way out, grabbing the case before leaving.
I just want to give a HUGE thank you to all of the people who left comments, kudos, and bookmarks on Home. You don't know how much it means to me! <3
” Jarvis asked Nova. Nova sat on the couch, staring off into space. She heard Jarvis say something else, but she couldn’t answer. Jarvis took it upon himself to contact Toni.
“Do not promise me things that you cannot keep Thor Odinson! Get this child out of me!” Loki yelled, voice full of anger.
“Be safe kid,” Toni said, stepping back from the group.
“They are focusing on the mechanics. Iridium is what they need, but I don’t know what for,” Bruce said next.
“Oh, my dearest, sweet
“I need you to stay by the control unit to reverse the polarity long enough to disengage maglev and that should-”
“Stuttgart, Germany. Twenty eight, Königstraße. He’s not exactly hiding.”               “Alright Captain, you’re turn,” Fury said next. Steve nodded and walked away from the bridge. “And now for you. If you are gonna be up here, you are gonna do some work.”               Nova smiled, “I hope its science stuff.” *****
“Oh man do I need a nap. Hey Pep, where is Nova? Did she not see what we just did?” Toni asked.
“You aren’t wrong about that,” Nova laughed.
“Yeah, I’ve heard of him. Toni doesn’t seem to like him, though,” Nova said, trying to match Natasha’s pace.
Coulson made his way to the door and Pepper followed him. Toni scoffed and rolled her eyes again.
Thank you all who left a kudos! Please enjoy the next chapter of Home! :)
but the people who wanted her didn’t get an opinion in the matter.
“Promise me you won’t forget about me,” Toni said. Nova’s mouth fell open a little, and Toni continued, “I know it seems like a silly thing for me to say, but the last two years you’ve been with me has been life changing. I want you be able to get to know them, and hopefully love them too since they are your parents, but I don’t want you to forget me on the way.”
“Of course I do! I would never, ever give you up. I will die before any of that happens. Now let’s get going,” Toni said, helping Nova off the bed.
“No, you took me for a purpose. What was it?” Loki asked. When Odin didn’t replied he yelled, “Tell me!”
Something was wrong with Toni, and Nova was dammed sure she would find out for herself what was going on.
“He’s an astrophysicist.”
“Oh no. Ohhh no,” Bruce said to himself. He rubbed his head a little and set out towards the bridge.
“Well, you aren’t wrong,” Toni joked.
“You need to learn your place here Stark; you understand me? I do not take order from anyone, especially
“You would only do things ‘old school’,” Nova said with a laugh.
Thor.”
“No, Loki,” was all Odin said. Loki looked at Thor apologetically.
Title is from the song Home by X Ambassadors, Machine Gun Kelly, and Bebe Rexha
“I’m not afraid to hit an old man!” Toni said.
“Watch how you speak, human,” Thor said, standing.
“Shut up Stark. You weren’t even supposed to be in this. Somehow you always weasel your way into everything. News flash, you just aren’t that great of a person,” Clint snapped.
“Nova is right. If we don’t leave soon, we will be late Ms. Potts,” Natasha said, walking up next to Nova. Nova gave a little wave to Natasha, and she got a wink back as a response.
“I’m guessing he used his magic?”
“Screw that! I’m calling her now!” Toni yelled. She picked up her Stark phone and dialed Nova’s number. It rang twice before it was picked up.
“Stark, this is important,”
“This seems entirely too easy. Something isn’t right,” Steve said.
“Hey, wait a minute!” Steve shouted, but it was too late. Nova had already galivanted off towards the tower.
“For what?” Nova said innocently. Toni looked over to Thor.
“Oh, I’ve had it since I was a baby. That’s how they knew my name. It kinda weird, though,” Nova remarked.
“It does seem to be powered by the Cube. I just want to know how he turned two of my sharpest men into his personal flying monkeys,” Fury replied.
“This thing in my chest is the only thing keeping me alive. There are shards of metal inching towards my heart, and this is stopping them from reaching my heart,” Toni replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, let’s go,” Natasha said. Soon after the two left, Loki was being escorted down the hall. Loki looked towards Bruce and gave him a malicious smile; Bruce stopped what he was doing and observed Loki. He took his glasses off, thought for a moment, and realization hit him.
“Thor, you need to stay call, for Loki. If I am to tell you, you must not hurt this person, no matter how much you might want to.”
“I’m telling you mom, I’m going to go into next year as a senior. Just you wait and see. Half of the sophomore credits I have to take are super easy, and the junior credits aren’t that much different,” Nova said confidently.
“Yes, she reminds me of how her mother used to be,” Thor said fondly.
*****
“Oh, you have heart,” he said before touching the tip of the spear on Clint’s chest; Clint’s eyes turned to an icy blue color. Clint put his gun away and complied; the man did it to another agent after. Fury moved to the tesseract and put it in a briefcase, and before he could escape the man piped up. “Please don’t. I still need that.”
?” Thor said. He walked closer to Toni.
“That is not what I am-” Thor was cut off by Nova, who was apparently not done ranting.
*****
Steve grabbed Toni, “Put on the suit.”
“Yes, exactly like your mother. She loved to play tricks on people,” Thor nodded. Nova laughed and looked over at her mom. Thor’s voice turned to a whisper, “She... Loki would be so proud of you. He’s not in his right mind.”
“What do you mean-” Pepper started saying before her voice was completely drowned by the sounds of gunshots. Next thing Nova knew, Toni was flying out of the Expo with Rhodey and the drones following her. Natasha covered Nova from the falling glass as the two and Pepper tried to get backstage.
“Hey there kiddo. I’m surprised you know who I am,” Toni laughed a little.
“You mean like you? You’re just a laboratory experiment. Everything special abut you came out of a bottle, you star spangled
“Thor, can you come here please? Mother left some books for us,” Loki called out.
Toni called Natasha and asked her to take Nova to the Helicarrier, as she had updates to do to her suit. Natasha stuck the teen in a room and told her to stay until someone came out to get her.
“Uh, Shakespeare in the park? Doth mother know, you wear-th her drapes?” Toni joked.
“Oh but I though the beast wandered off?” Loki jabbed.
,” Toni said and hung up.
The device outside sent a blue beam into the sky, creating a portal.
“You know? I know you don’t remember him like this, but my old man was kind of an ass too.” He grabs the bottle from the table and looks at the liquid. “He had a thing for this as well... He was never...
The Avengers go on a mission but it's hard for one of them to keep a clear head.
is sitting there, lips swollen from all the kissing, asking him on...
Tony can guess what is coming next. He sighs and stands, barely able to catch himself before he stumbles forward.
feelings at all.”
“I’m sorry, Captain Rogers, but no one is allowed to access Sir’s floor in his absence.”
“Did I say you could move?”
“If he can bring you to Pepper that would be the best right now, Nova. Call her okay?” Toni asked.
“Oh please! You should be thanking me. How much dark energy did the All Father have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious little
Hopefully you enjoy the next chapter of Home!
“You are not a king here! Give up the Tesseract and your precious dream. You can come home.”
“I will not keep you apart these next six and one half months apart, but after the birth, this shall never happen again. Loki will return back to his male body and shall stay as such for the rest of his life,” Odin also declared.
When Nova made it to the group, Natasha frowned, “Shouldn’t you be with Pepper?”
“Well, honey, it’ll be okay. And you can call me Toni if you want,” The woman said with a smile. “Nova I have a very big question to ask you.”
“What?”
“I know, darling. Mother, may we see her before she is to go?” Loki said, tears brimming her eyes.
“I think I am more worried about Loki than I am for myself. What if Odin just doesn’t listen?” Nova said.
“That does not give him the right to disrespect any of us. He’s acting like a teenager on her period for Christ’s sake,” Toni said. She helped Nova out of the room, and the two left the facility.
“This man, Thor, is Asgardian. He mentioned it before he disappeared, but he swore an alliance with us and Asgard,” Phil added. Toni leaned on her hand, flipping through the rest of the pages.
“Banner, you need to step away,” Fury said.
“Ow, ow, ow!” Nova whined in pain. She used her magic and made the pain and wounds go away.
“We definitely are now,” Toni said. She became serious, “I need you to promise me something.”
“Ah, yes, she said earlier that she would be bringing some things for us,” Thor said, walking into the room. He had just been sparring with Fandral for the last hour, so Thor was without a tunic and was quite sweaty.
And while she only had one friend back in New York, Nova had quite a few friends in California. They weren’t just fake friends either; Nova had an eye for spotting the fakes.
“J, can you sense Nova or Nat anywhere?” the genius asked.
“I could ask you the same thing, Fury,” Toni said back.
“Come on. We need to get over there before Loki gets here.”
On the tower, Natasha picked up Loki’s scepter and brought it to the force field. As it began to pierce it she said, “I can close it! Does anyone copy? I can shut it down.”
“I shall be honest; he probably will not do anything until my mother decides. I do not believe Loki will perish, but I worry he will be a prisoner the rest of his life,” Thor replied.
“Alright, when is here supposed to get here?” Toni asked, as she and Steve rejoined Nova and Thor.
When Nova arrived at the bridge, she searched for Fury. She spotted the man right in the center of it all, speaking to Maria, Phil, and another man.
“Woah,” Nova looked in awe.
be consequences.”
“How did you-?” Bruce started.
“Good, good. Let’s see what we’ve got going here,” Toni said trough her suit. She examined the damage, and used her suit scanning the machinery. “Looks like I’m gonna have to get this super conducting cooling system back online before accessing the rotors, work on dislodging the debris. Cap, I need you to get to that engine control panel to tell me which relays are in overload position.”
Toni sped up towards the portal, trying to destroy everything that came out. The Chitauri began firing back, and Toni weaved in and out of the explosions going on in the sky. She flew through a cloud of debris and hit a hovercraft. As Toni fought above, Loki stepped out on the platform in his Asgardian garb. Thor landed nearby.
“You can take me to my
“I think Phil was supposed to tell you. He probably didn’t because he knew you needed to get stuff done,” Nova replied. “I like the new design, by the way. Looks way cooler than the last one.”
“No, I’m sorry. But my mom is,” she replied. He tilted his head a little. “My mom is Toni Stark, daughter of Howard and Maria Stark. I was adopted.”
“Is everything just a joke to you?” Steve asked.
“Thor, I never told you, but I found a name,” Loki said. She lightly moved her finger along her daughter's cheek.
She then saw the War Machine make its way to the front of the building. Rhodey picked someone up, Nova was assuming Pepper, when she heard an ominous beeping noise. She looked around to see the Hammer drones blinking red. Nova’s eyes widened and she started backing up. She could hear the roar of Toni’s suit coming closer, but it was already too late. The Hammer drones blew up in an instant, and Toni wasn’t fast enough.
When Toni noticed Nova hadn’t moved to pick it up, she said “Don’t you want to read it? At least see if he looks familiar?”
“Well, you see, I had heard a little about you over the last couple of weeks. I’ve been in New York, just on some business. I was listening to the news and I heard something about an  extraordinary young girl. That girl was you. After I saw that picture of you on the TV, I knew I wanted to look after you. You remind me a lot of myself when I was your age, and I want to make sure you have a great life,” Toni replied. Towards the end of her reply, Nova had started to tear up a little.
“Mom come on!” Nova scolded. Toni didn’t even spare her a glance.
“Where is the Tesseract?” Thor boomed.
” Toni’s voice came through Natasha’s com. She laughed as the message ‘PA SYSTEMS OVERRIDE’ came up on the screen. Shoot to Thrill by AC/DC began playing for everyone to hear as Toni came into view. She shot a repulsor blast at Loki and landed in front of him.
“Wonderful,” Loki said. Toni shrugged.
“Ivan. Ivan, Ivan Vanko,” Hammer said in pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, he got in the elevator with me! I told him it was okay if he came up,” Nova said stepping out of the elevator next. Toni turned back around and threw her hands up.
“Two maintenance guys helped her out before Bruce lost control. I’m not sure where she went from there. Is everything okay?” Natasha asked.
She also loved Happy, who was the best bodyguard anyone could ask for as Nova would say. While Toni would tell Nova not to bring her phone to school, Happy convinced Toni to let her in case she goes to a friend’s house or has to stay late at school.
“I’m listening?” Loki replied.
“Is it about me?” Nova asked. She straightened herself out.
“You tampering with the Tesseract is what drew Loki here in the first place; he craves power. It sent out a signal to all of the realms that Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” Thor replied.
It took quite a bit of convincing to get Rosalinda to start the adoption process. And of course, because of who Toni was, it didn’t take as long as it normally would to adopt someone; it also attracted the attention of the media. And Toni also wasn’t lying when she said she would stay at the orphanage until Nova was hers. The story became one of the biggest headlines in New York City:
“Fine, go for it,” Nova replied, shrugging. She lifted her necklace a little. “Touch it then.”
power of the Tesseract, and when I can wield it-”
“What?” Nova  murmured. Toni turned around. “I’m not… human?” Tears started brimming in the preteens eyes.
“Sorry,
“Oh yeah, you might have missed a couple of things while you were being a Cap-sicle and all,” Toni laughed.
“I know where they are, just follow me,” Nova commented. She shot herself up into the air just above Bruce, and then went forward to the others. Bruce shook his head and followed.
“Mom just go!” Nova said before using her magic to push Toni the rest of the way out of the door. When the door shut, it locked itself.
Nova nodded, “When this is all over, and we save him, I’m gonna take a visit to Asgard. See what I didn’t get, maybe have a few choice words with the big man himself.”
“Yeah, I’m okay mom. Are you okay?” Nova asked. Toni looked down a little. “Mom. I already know. I’ve known since Monaco.”
“Lady Loki, if you do not push now, the child could die,” the nurse replied back. After Loki heard that, she sat up and looked at Thor.
“Yes, we are just waiting for the results. Jarvis, do you have anything yet?” Dr. Cho asked the AI
“Well, jeez, if I knew that I woulda told ya! Just hurry!” April said, grabbing Nova’s arm and pulling her out of the bed. Nova hit the floor with a thud and groaned. “Oops sorry! Let’s go!”
“Yeah, that part was weird. Thor said they always knew they weren’t brothers. But Loki didn’t know about his parentage until, like, two years ago. He just knew Odin and Frigga weren’t really his parents,” Nova said. She and Toni shared a look.
“He killed eighty people in two days,” Natasha deadpanned.
“Got it,” Fury said.
, but I don’t get handed things,” Toni said.
, is now with child” Odin boomed once more. A sob came from both Loki and Frigga.
“Alright, while I hate to cut this short, but we need to get somewhere. Nova, if you want to talk to him about science shit later that’s fine, just not right now. Annoy Fury for a while, I know you like doing that. He doesn’t know you’re here,” Natasha said.
“So, what you telling me is, Stark knew for months that you weren’t human,” Fury then asked. Nova nodded. “Jesus Christ.”
“Stark, I need to speak with you,” he said.
“It’ll be okay Tones. It might be good for her to get away for a while. She can take a break and you can, too,” Pepper said.
“I mean, probably. I gotta ask, what do you do to stay stress free? Bongos? Mellow jazz perhaps? Oh, I know. I bet it’s a big bag of weed,” Toni laughed once more.
“That is extraordinary!” Thor shouted.
“Oh come dear, you know you love it,” Thor said, giving Loki a big kiss on the cheek. “What kind of books did mother bring in this time?”
“Laufeyson,” Loki repeated.
It sparked good and bad press, but Toni honestly didn’t care what anyone else thought. Toni knew she’d make a damn good mother, and so did Nova.
“Are you saying-?” Thor asked.
*****
“Where’s my mother?” Nova asked first. Thor was tense, she noticed.
“I actually saw the one on her arm fade away, Toni,” Pepper said with a frown.
“Sir, the council is on,” Maria said and Fury groaned. He hit a button and the council came up onto the widescreen.
“The god. Thor,” Bruce replied; he immediately began working on finding the Cube.
!” Odin’s voice boomed throughout the throne room. Thor and Loki stood before Odin; Loki’s head was down. Frigga was close by, her eyes red from tears. “What in the nine realms possessed you to even think of doing something like this?”
“Yeah, that’s probably something I’ll never be able to do,” Toni said, trying to crack a joke. Nova giggled a little. “Nova, are you okay?”
“You are doing just fine right now. You just have to watch what you do in public now that you have her. I know you haven’t given up your drinking or the excessive partying, and that is going to end up taking a toll on her,” Pepper said. Toni sighed. “I know it is going to be hard for you to change your lifestyle, but you need to. For her.”
“Are you good?” Toni asked her daughter. They were sitting in the car by the meeting spot.
“He’s at my facility,” Hammer replied. Natasha let go of him in an instant and walked off in the other direction.
“Are you okay?” Nova asked the boy once she finally got to him.
“Too sappy for you?” Nova said. She walked to the front of the car and pulled Toni into a tight hug. “I’m going to miss you.”
“Alright, well, I figured that happened but def did not need to hear it.”
“Oh yeah? So what have you been doing this entire time? Did you know about this?” Bruce asked.
“Loki has them under some sort spell. One of our own was one of them,” Natasha said.
,” Fury said, and the line went quiet. Toni took a deep breath and sped towards the missile.
“Stark, glad to see you made it out alive,” Fury noted.
“Toni, they all disappeared again. I don’t understand what’s happening to me, I’m scared!” Nova exclaimed from her bed. When Toni and Dr. Cho walked in, Nova was curled up in a ball under her covers. Pepper sat next to the bed and nodded.
“Those two. I never would have guessed it. Hell, why would I? They are both guys,” Toni laughed.
“You know damn well why! Back off!” Steve said angrily.
*****
,” Toni said over the comms.
“Well, performance issues? That sucks,” Toni said. Loki grabbed Toni by the throat and threw her across the room. “Jarvis, anytime now.”
“Jarvis, put everything into the thrusters,” Toni said.
“Oh, I’ve been told plenty,” Phil replied before shutting the door. He took his phone out to call someone. “Sir, I’ve let her know. It probably won’t be too long before she calls Stark. Am I reporting to you now?”
“I’m here,” Toni said, blasting some Chitauri.
“Soon,” Thor said.
“I need you to look over all this information as soon as possible,” Coulson said handing a laptop to Toni.
*****
“I wouldn’t know, I’m no genius,” Pepper responded, eyes still on the screen.
*****
Nova put her hand around Mjolnir’s handle, and Thor stopped speaking. The girl gracefully picked the hammer up and tossed it to her other hand. She looked at Thor’s expression and said, “Must not be normal to see someone else holding this? If I can do this, I’m sure Odin will listen to me then.”
Natasha walked over to Hammer and thrust his arm up behind him and put the front of his body on the desk, and said with a low voice, “You tell me who’s behind this. Who’s behind this?”
“No!” Nova yelled, getting up from her spot on the bed. She ran over to the balcony and looked out towards the racetrack. Nova could see Toni, and the madman trying to kill her. She looked off a little more into the distance to see a black car racing towards Toni; it had to be Happy... and probably a pissed off Pepper. Tears starting streaming down the preteen’s face. Then, suddenly, the door to the hotel room opened.
Loki and Steve battled outside in front of the building while Natasha was in the Quinjet trying to get a shot at Loki.
“Well, there are two on childbirth, and the other one is a book of names. Thor… should we name the child? We won’t even be able to look after it,” Loki said sadly.
“Hey, hey, hey. Everything's gonna be alright. Jarvis what the hell are you talking about?” Toni asked, trying to calm Nova down. Pepper stood in the corner, a hand over her mouth; Dr, Cho and her assistant shared a brief look before her assistant made her leave.
“Ohhh, was he surprised?” the woman squealed softly, clearly noting the satisfied shine to his eyes, though she thankfully associated it with all-too-pure reasons (i.e. the lunch he'd supposedly brought).
“Sorry, sorry.
“God, I miss you,” Tony whispered, leaning in to press a kiss to the cold lips of Captain America's memorial statue.
Clever fingers obeyed immediately, sliding down to grasp their owner's erection and start pumping, and the blonde soaked in that image for a while. However, he didn't let it last too long.
Those couple of words were all it took to open the floodgates, to shatter the flimsy hold he'd had on all the things he'd kept bottled up.
Everything he'd been keeping buried inside came welling up, anger and fear scrubbed away over the last few hours, leaving only pain and sorrow behind. Tony pushed himself up on his elbow and looked down into Steve's face, chest aching for the love in those sparkling eyes and the warm smile that felt like home. He watched his paramour's brow slowly furrow with concern, imagined how his own expression must look, and spoke quickly before he lost his nerve.
He snagged Tony's left wrist around the back edge of the table, securing it with a strap whose other end was tied securely to one of the legs of the workspace. “What the-” was all the billionaire managed before Rogers whipped his counterpart's loose tie off and wrapped it around his mouth as a gag. A millisecond later, he'd pulled the dark-haired man around and secured his right arm with the second strap he'd installed. His fingers flew through the motions of undoing his paramour's belt and pants, and he took a brief instant to glance up. He saw the panic, the fear, and it made his chest ache, but then recognition flared in those dark eyes and the pain was gone.
“You could've,” Tony muttered, knowing he sounded petulant and not giving a good goddamn. He knew better, of course he did, it was
“Maybe sooner than you think.”
– and betrayal, and he saw himself losing the last thing he had in this world. He fought, nourished by his inner turmoil, but he was so blinded by it that strategy fell by the wayside and he just lashed out.
“No, I know that, I've- Look, I know he wasn't in his right mind when he killed my parents, okay? I'm... working on that.” If anything, that seemed to confuse Steve even further.
“How?”
“I mean it, Tony.”
Steve said nothing for a second, then asked suspiciously, “Tony, have you been drinking?”
He loved a stubborn man, a man with the heart of a lion and the bullheadedness of... well, a bull. A stubborn lion-bull that he'd almost had convinced to see his side of things, but then he'd opened his big mouth – he never knew when to shut up, never saw himself digging his own grave until he looked up and realized how far away the sky was – and had babbled one moment too long, shot himself in the foot without evening knowing he held a gun, and everything shattered. The man he loved denounced the injustice of it all, refused to agree to the terms, and had gone so far as to walk away, several friends and other heroes flocking after him.
This wasn't going at all as planned. It wasn't supposed to be this heavy. It was supposed to ease his pain, not redouble it. Why had he thought this was a good idea? Because for a genius, he was awfully stupid, that's why.
The line connected and Steve's voice greeted warmly, “Hey, Tony.”
“Got any ideas?”
“Come back. Right now. Just come back home.”
He buried his cock deep, then propped himself up onto his hands, face openly displaying self-satisfaction. He was thrilled with the petulant look that was aimed at him when Tony finally opened his eyes, grin unrepentant as he said, “Sorry. You lose.”
Maybe his paramour's world didn't include him anymore.
“You should have made time! You should've- You- I-”
As they left, the archer called over his shoulder, “Sorry, guys, I promise I'll catch up with the rest of you, but I've got some pressing business in need of my immediate attention. Specifically, this man. Naked. In my bed.” His laughter as Phil shot him a fond, reproachful look rang in the air well after they'd disappeared into the main building.
Then, Steve said, “Is there someplace we can talk privately?” He must've seen the challenge in the billionaire's eyes because he added, “I don't want to be interrupted,” and gestured to the hangar.
Once again, a huge thank you to Cookiestome for letting me use your art!!! I hope you enjoyed the story, dear! (Once again, go check out their Tumblr! http://cookiestome.tumblr.com/ )
“Mmm,” he answered, burying his face further against the flesh before him, smiling at the way his love laughed at that.
“There's clean clothes in the closet, underwear in the bureau,” Tony offered idly, loathing the idea of his paramour pulling those dirty rags back on. He took a moment to enjoy the view as Steve headed across the room, eyes drinking in every inch of skin.
Thus, they all entered the sprawling space via the hangar, unsure of any timeframe in which to expect their long-removed companions, tension radiating at the prospect of the uncertainties ahead.
“I'm sorry, too,” the blonde told him, smiling again, albeit with a hint of grief lurking just below the surface. “I didn't handle things very well – scratch that, I screwed up entirely. You're a wonderful man, Tony, and I should've known there was more to it when you agreed to sign the Accords. I should've taken the time to talk to you in private, to hear you out, to actually discuss it, but I was just so
The line connected.
, for god's sake, and Steve could never be a bystander, but that didn't make it any easier.
While the billionaire gaped, mind stuck on the fact that Clint Barton had just
“Tony, we talked about this. You've been doing so well, don't throw it all away over this.”
“Maybe,” he murmured into it, “I'll stay just like this, buried inside of you, until you're squirming and begging for me to move. Maybe I'll take off the gag just to hear that pretty voice.”
He settled one hand on Tony's hip, gripping it firmly, and smiled at him, a mere inch from his face, blue eyes locked with brown. He opened his mouth as if to say something else, then suddenly drove his aching dick inside, sheathing himself to the hilt. The shock, the violent arch of Tony's back, the strangled sound in his chest almost made Steve finish right then, but he bit his lip and restrained himself, keeping his hips stock-still as he regained control. He tipped his head to the side and pressed open-mouthed kisses and gentle bites to his paramour's neck, feeling the man's chest heave with his panting, and his licked his way up to nibble on his ear.
“Hi,” Clint murmured against Phil's lips, eyes half-lidded, smile somehow arrogant and genuinely happy all at once.
On the way out, the dark-haired man tucked bridal-style into Steve's arms, he said, “IT, really? That's what you came up with?” and Rogers' laugh echoed through the deserted building.
“Very,” the blonde agreed, innocence personified. “Listen, could you do me a big favor? Make sure no one bothers him for the rest of the day – whatever it takes. He's a little preoccupied right now and I'm afraid I've taken up quite a bit of his time.”
They crashed together, hands grasping hungrily, mouths coming together and breaking apart to seek other flesh, panting and moaning into the air, into each other. Stark gasped as Steve suddenly lifted him from the ground, quickly tucked his legs around that perfectly tapered waist, and never ceased in his ministrations. He felt them moving, knew they were headed somewhere, but he didn't have it in him to give a good goddamn until he was abruptly dropped, blinking owlishly as he bounced on his mattress. He wasn't sure how Steve had known where the bedroom was – in all likelihood, he hadn't, he'd just made an educated guess – but it didn't really matter because Steve was on him in the span of a single breath, hands tugging at his clothes, and Tony tugged back, each of them exposing skin in fits and starts. Steve dragged Tony's pants and boxers off in one rough pull, Tony was dragging Steve's uniform shirt up over his head, articles were thrown in whatever direction, something tore, and neither of them cared. They kissed and bit and caressed whatever flesh came into view, sitting up, laying back, parting and pressing back together, and then they were finally naked.
As Steve surged to his feet, Tony snapped out another vicious punch, but his counterpart had always been incredibly, almost inhumanly, fast. One strong hand closed around his wrist, the other encircling its partner, and he was slammed backward into the bar, felt the sharp edge of the countertop bite into his shoulder blades, heard glass ring dangerously. He was gearing up to struggle, to slip eel-like out of the tight grasp of his opponent (it was his only chance of staying in the fight), but Steve must've known that, knew it from all the times they'd trained together. That broad, muscular form pressed him soundly against the bar, held his wrists firmly at his sides, and pressed a thigh between Tony's to prevent him from dropping downward. The billionaire had been expecting that, honestly, knew better than to think he could outmaneuver the brilliant strategic mind of Steve Rogers, but what took him by surprise was the vicious method with which the blonde attacked him.
Phil had admitted to giving the coordinates of the new compound to the ex-outlaws, following up with a thinly-veiled comment about hoping there were enough rooms for everyone (surely in retaliation for being pestered), and Tony was still proud of himself for managing to sound flippant as he smoothly answered that there were. He wouldn't admit it, not even to himself most times, but he'd designed the new property with the assumption that his team would one day be whole again, even assigning private spaces to Pepper, Rhodey, and Peter Parker (who came to visit often enough that he deserved his own room). To most everyone else, it seemed like the typical Stark over-extravagance, a slew of empty rooms that would probably remain unused, except, perhaps, if collaborating heroes needed a temporary place to board until whatever crisis was over.
It was Natasha who brought him out of his trance. He didn't know what she did, if anything, but he suddenly snapped back to himself and locked onto her piercing green eyes. She gave him the tiniest quirk of her lips, a sunny grin by her standards, all her words conveyed in that minute movement; he hoped his own expression said everything he felt. She studied him a moment longer (oh, hey, she was blonde now, how weird was that), then her face changed in that subtle way that meant something else had garnered her attention. She gave him another warm look and stepped gracefully to the side, exposing the decidedly rugged countenance of his paramour.
“Hey, Tony.”
“I'll be with you as soon as I can.” Those words were meant for a far lighter conversation, just the slightest bit too cheery to fit the mood. Tony ignored it.
He was cut off with a firm hand in his hair, dragging him down into a hard kiss that left him breathless. When Steve relinquished his grip, trailing a gentle hand down to cup his cheek, Tony blinked down at him dazedly.
The bearded man – and, oh, how hard it was not to comment on
“Steve! Oh, fuck, yes, Steve, please! Steve! Steve!”
“You did plenty!” Tony charged, seething. There was a long pause, but he didn't feel like filling it, so he let it hang there.
“No, don't trouble yourself. I'll be back to retrieve him not long after you're gone. I'm hoping he'll be ready by the time I come back, but no one should bother him in the meantime.”
“Tony.”
“I'm sure,” Steve laughed.
The resentment and animosity were still there, twisted into a ferocity that left him straining to get his hands on Steve for an entirely different reason than his initial intentions, and he snarled into the kiss, struggles useless in the face of super soldier strength. So, he focused his attention on what he could do, delving into his paramour's mouth (noting the brush of the new facial hair), arching into the body pressed to his. He felt the hardness pressing into his hip and ground his answering erection against Steve's thigh, getting the smallest of sounds for his effort. That triggered something in his hazy mind and he was determined to have more. Tony fought his way to alter the angle of their kiss so he could suck Cap's lower lip into his mouth, smoothing it over with his tongue –
, although maybe that was just his brain trying to avoid less pleasant thoughts – looked as though he was about to argue that statement, but instead took a deep breath, mouth tightly shut as he exhaled slowly through his nose. Tony was certain his eyes were filled with dark amusement over the rim of his glass, pinned on the baby blues opposite him, but he didn't much care.
He struggled a little as his love pushed him back enough to gaze up into his face and say, “It's not
He slowly pulled himself free and smoothed his hands down his paramour's chest and abs to settle at his hips, touch lamenting, and the sorrowful lust in his partner's expression was tragically beautiful.
Rogers was a patient man, something that a certain brilliant mind claimed was a very annoying quality, yet it had always served him well and did so again. As he knelt on the floor, tucked up under the workbench, pretending to be installing whatever wires an IT guy “
Two years! Yes, it had been two years! Two years full of pain, and fear, and misery, and loneliness, and fear, and doubts, and fear, and anger, and
It was delicate work, but Steve had always performed well under pressure. The physical blueprints and tools Tony was using for this project were laid out to his right, between him and the hidden-in-plain-sight man, but his gaze was glued to the projections before him. The super soldier took advantage of that intense focus, surreptitiously swiping items one by one and laying them out in a disguised pattern that led to his end of the table. It took time and careful planning, but he was finally satisfied with his work. He then knelt next to his messenger bag and fished out the contents, working quickly beneath the desk to lay the final piece of his trap. Finally, all he had to do was wait.
The captain growled lustfully, well aware his genius was purposely goading him, but hearing his name in that voice was too enthralling and his increasing roughness only encouraged its use, which in turn spurred him on. It was a vicious cycle that wasn't broken until Tony was pressed back against him, body taut, head back on the blonde's shoulder, crying out his passion just as loudly as Rogers had promised, too caught up in sensation to form words anymore.
His friends, the few he still had, worried and fussed over him, offering condolences and empty promises that things would get better. They did their best to be sure he was fed, showered, and rested; he wasn't overly cooperative, so they failed more often than not. Today, they must've reached their breaking point, unleashing their secret weapon, and he'd been dragged from his cave, locked out of it, and told with deadly green gaze and in no uncertain terms that he was to go get some fresh air. He knew better than to challenge the command, knew he was expected to stay away for at least a couple hours, so he'd turned and just started walking, letting his feet guide him where they would.
“Cum for me,” he snarled in his husky-with-sex voice, bringing Tony down particularly roughly.
“I will,” Steve insisted, sounding so sure and stubborn, with just a hint of mischief, and it was so perfectly, perfectly
“No more drinking,” Steve intoned firmly.
Through the commotion, Steve asked, “Who's 'Mom' and who's 'Dad'?”
As he yanked Tony's pants off and lifted him onto the tabletop, he heard a muffled noise that sounded vaguely reminiscent of his name. He looked up to find a question in his genius' eyes and he answered it with a wicked smirk, bending over to lick and nip at the man's thighs, following the line of his boxers. He earned a loud groan for his efforts, hips bucking up toward him, and he gripped Tony's thigh with one hand, the other swiftly covering the tie over his mouth.
“Okay, I'll make you a deal: if you can stay quiet for the next... let's say two minutes, I'll take the tie away. Then, I'm going to bend you over the desk and fuck you as hard as you want.” There was open desire in those whiskey eyes, along with a touch of surprise at the use of such a crude word; Tony had been asking him to “
“Then, come home!” Tony shouted.
“You poor thing,” he purred, seeing the way his lover was trembling from the strain of being in the same position for the last few hours, “you must be tired.” He smoothed one hand over the tech genius' cloth-covered back, down to his naked ass, his other hand busy with its own task. “Here, let me help you.”
This time, he didn't go searching, didn't want to even think about what had happened, wished it was all a terrible nightmare and he'd wake up soon, safe in the warm embrace of strong arms. Or died, that would have been preferable.
“We did, indeed,” the captain teased, settling the dark-haired man sideways on his lap, the latter curling against his body happily, tucking his head into the crook of the blonde's neck. Rogers wrapped his arms around him, one hand carding through his hair absently.
“Of course, Steve, anything for you two!” His oblivious co-conspirator winked at him and set her fingers flying across the keyboard in front of her. “Looks like there's nothing important for the next few days, so it's really no problem at all.”
And several times after.
“What other room? There is no other room. I'm going to brick it up and let all those horrid flannel shirts and khakis crumble to dust, unmourned. This is your room now, this is our room.” He started pulling on his own clothes (a ratty old AC/DC T-shirt and jeans, thinking he'd spend the day either lazing around or in the workshop), body protesting in decidedly pleasant ways, and continued when he heard Steve chuckle at him. “No, really, I am. Those are- Steve, those are just horrid, honestly. And with the – hey, no, don't you dare put that disgusting excuse for a uniform back on, I'm making you a new one, a better one –” Steve already had the gloves back on, but at least he had the decency to drop the jacket. “With the beard, you'll look like some hipster- By the way, nice touch, a little long, I think, but very rugged-lumberjack-handsome.”
Seeing as they were, he hummed his appreciation as he went down on his lover, garnering yet another barely-contained noise of pleasure. He bobbed his head at a decent pace, fully intending to bring Tony to swift climax, but the man was either stubborn or gifted with stamina. It took far too long for Steve's liking, and all of the tricks he knew, for the tech genius to tip over the edge, but when he did, he fell apart in the most beautiful way, back arched, keening moan, completely enthralling. The blonde drank down everything he had to offer, then straightened, not bothering to curb the impish smile that stretched across his lips.
The super soldier held his lover tightly against him, both of them panting, until he began to soften inside him. It took quite a while, a multitude of factors – this being the second round, the serum in his veins, the vulgarity and anticipation of both couplings, just to name a few – guaranteeing a prolonged, heavy release. As he waited, he languidly kissed and nipped at Tony's neck and collarbone, earning a few soft gasps and shivers, but he was careful not to get too enthusiastic.
“I’m scared, Pep. What if something is really wrong with her? I’m so scared I’m going to screw her life up, when all I want to do is give her a better one,” Toni said, sitting on the couch with her face in her hands.
. Oh look! More aliens to kill!”
“Oh my god, Nova!” Toni yelled. Toni took off in her suit, leaving Steve in the dust.
“C’mon, we need to get you out of here,” Natalie said, taking Nova’s hand.
“I am a king!”
“I’m fine, I’m worried about you. I am so sorry I couldn’t help you,” Toni said.
“Business?” Nova asked, one eyebrow raised.
“Mother, please tell me who. I need to know,” Thor said, anger creeping up in his tone.
I had a little fun with this chapter. I wasn't planning on cutting it off where I did, but it would have put this chapter at around 2,600 words had I not. Enjoy this chapter! :)
(See the end of the chapter for
I won't put how many chapters I plan to have left because I'm not even sure. I'm going to guess around 16-17 chapters for the whole thing.
As Loki escaped, he grinned; everything was right on track. The truck exited the facility quickly, leaving Maria in the dust. However, Fury was able to get out in time in the helicopter and began shooting at the truck. No one noticed Loki had been hit, not even Fury.
“I have a plan, attack,” Toni said before flying out of the Quinjet.
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it,” Thor said. Toni turned once more to leave the room and Steve grabbed her.
“Nova, Nova! There’s someone here for ya! Some important lookin’ lady,” April Said, running into the bedroom. Nova looked up from the textbook she was looking at.
*****
“If we bypass their mainframe and direct route to the Homer cluster we can clock this at around six  hundred teraflops,” Toni commented. She frowned a little. “Sorry for snapping earlier, it just has to do with my kid. Anyway, you should stop by Stark tower sometime. Top ten floors are all R and D. You would totally love it, it’s like Candyland up there.”
*****
Thor got up after Frigga left and went to lay with Loki until she woke up. How long would these next few months actually be?
“What are you doing?” Steve asked. A man entered through the ramp. Steve moved towards Thor to try to stop him, but Thor hit him away. Steve crashed into Toni and landed on her with a grunt. Thor grabbed Loki by the neck and flew out the opening.
exactly?” Nick Fury slammed his hands down on Toni’s metal lab table. Even though Fury couldn’t see her face, he knew Toni was rolling her eyes under her welding hood.
“You okay?” Steve asked, entering the room. Toni quickly wiped away any tears that may have been present and turned around.
Nova knew she wasn’t supposed to stay up late, but without Coulson or Natasha around to keep her company, she decided to explore the base, or, well, as much as she could. From the outside, it looked small, but on the inside was a different story. She was currently two levels down from where her room was, and in order to get there, she had to hack through some things. Little did Nova know, however, Nick Fury was following her, making sure she wasn’t getting into too much trouble. Hacking was a federal offense, but he figured he’d let her have a little fun before telling her it was time to go to bed.
“No, I think we need a little worse,” Natasha replied back.
” Jarvis said. A small device came out from the ceiling and scanned the necklace. Nova looked at Toni and cocked her head a little. “
“Shh, shh, shh… It’s gonna be alright,” Toni soothed. She took a look at Pepper, then a look at Nova. That’s when Toni caught sight of Nova’s necklace and remembered a conversation Toni had with Nova at the orphanage.
“Jarvis, I swear!” Nova shouted. She grunted in anger and took her phone out. She typed in a familiar number and held the phone to her ear.
*****
“Mine was cooler,” Nova said, turning her attention back to the Stark laptop.
“And even still Thor, your brother, or should I say
Actually for your information, she does not control me. No one does, not even Pepper. Even if she didn’t have powers I still would’ve told her because that’s what a good mom does. You can leave now,” Toni said flipping her hood back down to continue welding.
The heroes stood together, looking up at the sky. Toni spoke up, “All right Cap, call it!”
Toni flew in and knocked Thor and herself off the cliff.
“Enough!” Steve shouted. “I don’t know what your plan here is, but-”
“Know who, Bruce?” Toni asked. The two took a right into the lab.
“I was bored so I escaped my room. Being a prisoner is no fun when Nat locks the door. Sorry for mom last night by the way. She’s just grumpy,” Nova said.
“This is
“I’m okay, I’ve just never fought this long... or at all really,” Nova replied, taking out a few chariots.
“So you’re telling me that there’s a secret message on the necklace? Do you know what it said?”
“Can I talk to him, mom? Alone?” Nova asked, straightening herself out. Thor looked to Toni, his eyes pleading her to say yes.
Next was giving Pepper the CEO spot of Stark Industries. And it wasn’t like something was wrong with Pepper, she was great, but it just fueled Nova’s suspicions even more.
“Only one so far. But yes,” Nova nodded. She took a deep breath. She and Loki began to turn their side together and the Bifrost began to shine to take them to Asgard.
The man walked out of the room to take the call. Nova threw her head back; she couldn’t call Toni because she was ‘busy’ according to Phil. She decided to call Pepper; the phone hardly rang before she picked up.
“He’s locked us out of the mainframe,” the tech man told Hammer.
” Jarvis replied.
So sorry it has taken me this long to update! College has been hell!
“Listen here-” Fury was cut off by his phone. He answered with “This better be important.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then you can have you little cube back. No fuss. Say, what is Phase Two?” Toni asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I... I don’t really know...” Nova said quietly.
“She went down to watch from outside. She should be coming back soon,” Pepper said. She gave Toni a hug. “I am so happy about this! Yay!”
Title is from the song Home by Phillip Phillips
“Agent Romanov, can you please escort Dr. Banner back to his-”
“Good, how are you?” Phil responded with a smile.
“Oh yeah. Lucky you! You weren’t banished, but I sure as hell was,” Nova snapped back. “You could have fought for me. You could’ve left and kept me!”
Title is from the song Back Home by Andy Grammar
“He’s being controlled,” Nova said, remembering what happened before they fell.
Nova screamed in pain, and thank god Pepper and her mother weren’t home. She moved her shirt to reveal her right shoulder, where three bullet looking holes appeared.
Nova sat on her bed, reading one of her school textbooks. Nova was not the average twelve year old; she excelled greatly in school and was actually three years ahead of the rest of the kids her age. This did cause some bullying in school and at the orphanage, but Nova tended to take it like a champ. She had made some friends while living there, Nova had been there since she was a baby. Some of her friends did get adopted, or they were moved to a different orphanage due to overcrowding, but her best friend April stuck to her side every step of the way.
