Sherlock’s pout was instantly replaced with his false charm.   “Not at all,” he replied.  “My partner and I were just saying how impressed we are with the operation you’re running here.  And please do give my complements to the chef.  The fish is...
John thought.  “Of course. I was a protector and a healer. It’s what I was born to do,” he said at last, sighing.  “It fit perfectly.  I guess good things aren’t meant to last.  At least not in my world.”
There was something simmering on the horizon, too, he could feel it.  He’d always been intuitive.  Something in the air pressure, maybe, in his ability to read people.  There was something about this place, though, that filled him with a sense of purpose, lit up his nervous system.  For the life of him he couldn’t figure out what it was.
“Yeah, sure.  But there’s a difference between being careful and systematically shutting off all emotion.”
It was at that moment that their main courses arrived.  The waiter sensed the tension at the table, deposited their plates, and quickly made himself scarce.  John picked up his knife and pointed it at Sherlock.  “If you want to apologise, then
Refusing to meet Mycroft seemed pointless, although John hated acting as an intermediary between the man and his brother.  Mycroft would be essential in pulling certain strings they undoubtedly would need pulled, and it was his father, too, after all.
“Two.  Challenging.  Sloppy forensics and file mismanagement means more time researching.  Police usually give up.”
“I can only keep so much in there.  It’s not infinite.  So I delete the things I don’t need.  Don’t ask me questions about history if it doesn’t deal with crime.  I’m afraid I have very little use for politics and war, who conquered whom.  Dreadfully dull.”
John headed back to his own room and climbed into a bed he hadn’t slept in for several days.  Maybe he shouldn’t have brought it up, asked Sherlock to go back and rehash the past.  The police didn’t even consider it a crime, and how on earth would one man’s niggling feeling and the fact of a missing flower ever uncover the truth?
“Close your eyes,” said John, as he teased the tip of his lover’s cock with the opening of the muff.  “But I want you to do it,” John whispered from in front of him.  “So I can watch.”
“No.  Pathology’s so much more interesting.  It’s the research I like.  It’s rather like a game, sometimes.  Trying to isolate a pathogen or determine cause of death.  I’d prefer to spend most of my time in a lab.  People are...complicated.”
John took a break from the kissing to push Sherlock’s hair out of his face, kiss his brow.  The dark let the words come easier.  “You want my arse, don’t you?”
“You loved Mary.”  Sherlock’s voice is gentle, honest.  “I loved Mary.  Rosie would have loved her, too.”
“Well, yes.  I thought you would get a kick out of looking through all the outdated material.  There’s this as well.”  John pulled the jar of honey from his backpack.  “Mr. Chapman said you’d like it.”
John let his eyes flutter shut.  This beat the hell out of heated pads, exercises, and that hateful rubber band.
He heard a splash when he reached the door.  His hand on the handle, he had to resist looking back.  Had Sherlock jumped in completely starkers?  John rolled his eyes.  The man was mad, he was sure of it.
He grabbed his pants from where they had been discarded the night before, shrugged them on, and shuffled to the bathroom.  He heard Sherlock yell, “Bring tea!” over the flush of the toilet.
John bid Mr. Chapman goodbye, tucked the books into his backpack, and spent the entire train ride to Leeds wondering what happened to Archibald Holmes.
John eyed him dubiously as he rinsed his own bowl and cup and loaded them into the dishwasher.  “I’m not sure I believe you.”
Sherlock shrugged and shoved his foot back, smiling cryptically as he took a sip of his tea, which had obviously gone cold.
“I’m asking Mycroft to run a background check on Lillian,” he intoned as he typed, not looking up from the screen.  “See what you can find about reflexology, especially anything nonstandard that might be practised in China.”  Soon, the detective was lost to research, eyes scanning web page after web page.
Sherlock puts his lips together and blows a raspberry.  HIs lips flubber around comically and John nearly dies laughing.
“Who says I didn’t call the police?” said Sherlock.  He nodded to the entrance of the alley just as two uniformed officers -- one of which was Sally Donovan -- ran into the alley.
His phone pinged.  He wiped his sweaty hands on his trousers before checking it: Mycroft.  Great.  What did he want?  To tell John to get out, chastise him for upsetting his brother?
Then Sherlock’s fingers were back, wet, adding lubricant to his already soaking arse.  “You’re so soft and open already,” Sherlock whispered in awe.  “Just from my tongue.”
Sherlock, as usual, was wise to get off in the shower.  John found himself getting hard - again - at an alarming rate.  What the fuck was happening to him?  He’d always had a healthy libido, but he was not a young man any more, and had learned to control his body years ago.  He laughed to himself.  He’d performed emergency tracheotomy surgery under enemy fire, neutralised a serial killer through two windows, and could even assemble a bloody IKEA bookcase in under an hour. But it seems he could no longer listen to Sherlock read someone’s life from her jacket buttons, a coffee stain, and the shape of an earring without getting a stiffy.
“So you...” John began to say to Lestrade, when he was interrupted by a quick exchange of bizarre conversation:
, John found he couldn’t resist.  He pushed off from the edge and crossed the few feet to Sherlock, wrapping his legs around his lover’s torso.
“You could use it to write down the things you don't like to put into spoken words. Your anger, for example.”
His eyes had just fluttered closed as he breathed in through his nose, out through his mouth, and then Sherlock was back, his hands coming up to frame his face.
John was still lying on the bench, looking at the clouds as they passed overhead when something in his peripheral vision caught his attention.  He sat up to see Mycroft lingering in the doorway of the garden.
John raises his eyebrows. He’s very much aware of their respective ages.  They’ve both aged well, he reckons.  Yes, his hair is completely silver, and his beard, when he wears one, is more grey than the auburn it once was, but he hasn’t gained much weight.  He’s still active and in good health.  His teeth are good.  Women still look at him.  Frequently.  And Sherlock?  He wears glasses now and his hairline has receded a bit, but it’s still as thick and curly as it ever has been.
John was awakened by the feeling of proximity.  It was not an uncomfortable feeling, but one that he noticed, even while asleep.  He dragged himself out of a pleasant but unmemorable dream, up through the cobwebs of slumber, and opened his eyes.
“You’re very cautious,” Sherlock replied.  “I can tell that much.  You’re very good with slight of hand.  A magician.”
John swore his eyelid was about to twitch.  “I’m taking a shower,” he announced, “and then I’m eating some dinner, watching some telly, and going to bed.”  He turned on his heel and headed to the loo, realizing he’d left his tea untouched on the counter.
John took a deep breath and tried not to laugh.  Eccentric old lady.  His own grandmother had passed away when he was only a child, and his mother, well, wasn’t very motherly.  They hadn’t spoken in years.  And his relationship with Harry was a disaster.  The only relationship with a woman he’d managed to achieve any sort of emotional intimacy with was Mary, and look how that ended.  They had “trust issues,” whatever that meant.  He hadn’t even called her when he was in hospital.  What was the point?  She had moved on.  And so had he, he supposed.
Phillip Leybourne:  Good gracious. Is that what they do in London these days? Book into honeymoon suites and bugger each other?
“She routinely breaks hospital policy for you just because you give her that look when you want something.”
“Go away, Mycroft,” Sherlock yelled in the door’s direction.  “I am currently engaging in rather spectacular coitus.”
“You need a wall,” said John as Sherlock rifled through documents.  “Like they do in the films.  A big space where you can tack all this up and see it clearly.”
In the bathroom, John pees, strips, and stands under the water for a few moments, letting it wash the day away.  The shower head is at the wrong angle --  tilted up for the giraffe he lives with -- so he reaches up blindly and adjusts it.  Rolls his shoulders, tips his neck one way, then the other.  Soaps himself up, armpits, arse, balls.  Rinses, washes his hair.  The suds slide down his body.  He runs his hands down his torso, over his prick.  Nothing’s happening.  He sighs.  Maybe he’ll have to have that drink after all.  He wipes water from his eyes, blinks them back open.  He turns and is about to turn off the shower when he sees it.
Navya’s eyebrows shot up.  She wasn’t sure if she wanted to hear the rest of the conversation, but it was too late.  Her interest was piqued.
“That...you...this…”  Sherlock made an all-encompassing hand gesture. “This is not boring.  Not plain.”  He furrowed his brow as he did when he wasn’t expressing something emotional clearly enough.  “Not ordinary whatsoever.”
John Watson, in normal circumstances, would not be surprised by what lurked unseen under trousers and shirts.  He’d seen it all, and, as doctors have learned to do, kept a straight face at all the interesting – and horrifying – things people kept hidden under their clothes.  He’d seen skin of all sorts – the old, the young, the sun-damaged, the stretched, the dimpled, the scarred, the tattooed, the infected.  He’d smelt death and putrefaction.  He’d lanced boils, held distended intestines, been puked, pissed, and shit on, stitched ragged flaps of skin together, even treated a truly horrifying case of genital herpes all with a straight face and doctorly precision.
“Not much to investigate, dear.  Men run drug cartels; men fall from ladders.  He hit his head on a bit of concrete and died instantly.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said once he could trust himself to speak again.  “Jealousy does not become you.”
The kiss was tentative at first, their lips brushing, again and again, John not wanting to be too eager and scare Sherlock off -- he had absolutely no clue about the man’s prior sexual history except for his one-time mention of past ‘lovers’ -- but it wasn’t long before Sherlock’s hands came up from the water to slide John forward, bringing them closer together.  Without thinking, John spread his legs to let Sherlock kneel between them.
Mrs. Hudson looked sad.  She busied herself in washing a teacup.  “Off with you, then,” she said after a moment.  “It’s a long and sad story, and not mine to tell.”
.  First, she made me remove my clothing and lie down.  I found the music selection dull and the constant flow of water would make anyone have to urinate.  And then there was
After nearly five months of living together, John had come to the conclusion that his eccentric, enigmatic flatmate had simply deleted his own libido and would spend the rest of his life completely celibate.  Somewhere along the line Sherlock must have decided to take his blogger along for moral support, since the detective had such a knack for ruining John’s dates and sabotaging his attempts at romantic relationships before they even got off the ground.  John hadn’t seen Sherlock so much as look at a woman -- or a man, for that matter -- with eyes for anything but deduction.
“Look, I’m not going anywhere.  I just would really like to have sex once and a while.  Skin-to-skin contact.  Without you mucking it all up.  Never mind.  Forget I asked.”  John stood and cracked his back.  “I’m going to bed.”  He’d nearly reached the stairs when he heard Sherlock say something.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.  “Yes, I have a licence and I assure you I am a perfectly safe driver.”
“Yes,” thought John, “I will, I want to,” and then there was Theseus among the lilies, bronze cock erect and gleaming.  “It is time,” said Theseus, and…
“Huh.  I always knew you were an uptight arsehole,” laughed Lestrade.  “But I’m not sure I want to know you’ve
“All right,” said John when he realised Sherlock wasn’t going to elaborate.  “I’m going to make a bite to eat.”  Then, “Would you like to join me?”
Sherlock blinked his eyes few times.  “That would be decidedly unromantic,” he said at last, licking his swollen lips.
Sherlock hummed in assent, and John insinuated his hand between them so he could gently trace the tight, stretched rim of Sherlock’s hole.  “That’s,” he said, trying to find the right words, “that’s fucking perfect.  I’m in you.  Just the way it looks...it makes
Sherlock hummed in the affirmative, but said nothing else for the rest of the evening, and when they returned home John left him brooding in front of the fire.
John dug in his pocket and pulled out his phone.  “Here.  Use mine.  Don’t know if will work, though.  The Wi-fi only works properly near your brother’s office.”
He turned, then, stuffing his cold right hand into his pocket, and decided to check out the greenhouse that sat directly north of the manor house.  It was a beautiful stand-alone structure of cobblestone and glass.  Clutching his cane, John made his way to it, and let himself in.  It smelled delightful -- the warm, fecund smell of botanical life that was absent from the crisp outdoor air.  He allowed himself to wander up and down the rows, taking in the delicate orchids perched in their colorful glazed pots, the hothouse heirloom tomatoes, peppers, hanging baskets of flowering vines, several citrus trees with green fruit on, and oh!  What was this? John laughed to himself as he fingered a tall, healthy-looking cannabis plant, flourishing in a large growbag.  He wondered if the stuffy Mr. Holmes knew it was here.  Herbs grew in abundance along the back of the greenhouse, and the west side was dedicated to countless trays of seedlings -- no doubt to be planted soon when the danger of hard frost had passed.
Moriarty raises his hand, the first two fingers poised to touch Sherlock’s mouth.  “These are lovely lips,” he says.  Sherlock steadies his breathing and holds his ground.  Intimidation tactics have never worked on him.  “You know John thinks so, too.”
A chuckle from Joyce.  “Let’s just go through this whole pile.”  There was the sound of the entire contents of the laundry basket hitting the floor, and the rustling of fabric.  “Might have to spot treat these pillows.”
“Well,” said Greg, “I’d best be heading back to London.  Got everything I need while you two were, er, having a lie-in, and I think the team’s about done inside for today.  We’ll run tests on  the samples and see exactly what we’ve got.”
Burnett Thwaite itself was not necessarily unique among Yorkshire’s rural villages.  Beside the run-of-the-mill small grocery and petrol station, it boasted a small art gallery, a B&B, and an antiques store.  Russell Chapman, one of the town’s oldest residents, owned the antique shop, and John found himself popping in once a week or so to say hello after working in Leeds in the morning.  Chapman was long-sighted and had a mole on the side of his forehead that John thought should probably be biopsied.  He was friendly enough, in a reserved, respectful way, and let John poke around the shop in peace.  When John asked, though, Chapman would launch into a long-winded tale of how he acquired each object and what it was worth.  John liked him.  By the end of his first month in Gargrave, John had met Marjorie Gant, the owner of the tea room and baker of excellent chocolate pastries; Charlie Shuttleworth, the librarian; Adam Owens, the postman; and Jackie Metcalf, who ran the pub.
Sherlock concentrates on breathing.  Does he want to kiss John?  It’s becoming clearer that he might.
!”  he nearly shouted, clearly put out that John wasn’t getting the message.  John waited and gave Sherlock a look that clearly said
“Allergic to chinchilla,” John began, in the it’s-not-all-fine voice he reserved for particularly dire situations.  “I’m fucking allergic…”  He took a deep breath and released it.  “...to fucking chinchilla.”
John left Holmes Hall feeling oddly empty.  He was distracted again at work, remembering bits of things he’d read in Sherlock’s blog: the slight differences between the ash from Embassy no. 6 (king size), Marlboro light (which had a finer particulate), or the use of ambergris in Miss Dior, Charlie, and Chanel no. 5.  He wondered if he’d ever see him again.
“Well that’s odd, Mrs. Hudson, since last night there was someone making a hell of a racket, screaming, and if you tell me that it was Mycroft Holmes having a bit of a nightmare, I won’t believe you.”
John awoke to the sound of Sherlock’s phone, which appeared to be having some kind of seizure on the table.  He yawned, stretched himself out a bit, and retrieved it, lobbing in Sherlock’s direction.
John can feel his face doing strange things, as if his muscles can’t seem to settle on the right expression.  It’s not the first time Sherlock’s rendered him speechless, but it’s one of the most spectacular examples.  “When did you buy it?” he manages.
John took his cock in hand, gave himself a few strokes to oil it up, and then and positioned himself appropriately.  He ran the head of his penis over Sherlock’s perineum a few times, just to enjoy the eroticism of it and momentarily tease his lover, until Sherlock shuddered and pushed back, effectively impaling himself.
We had years of issues to work out, and neither of us is particularly good at discussing complicated emotional things.  We spent hours just tangled together, breathing each other’s air, touching just to remind ourselves we were still there.  I hadn’t been sexually active in nearly six years, and John was still trying to deal with his long-repressed bisexuality.  Yet as we always do, we eventually figured it out, what brings us pleasure, how we express our love.
John nodded. Sometimes Sherlock was remarkably daft.  “Hair or otherwise.  And if you analyse my toothbrush, there will be consequences.”
“Actually,” said John, “I don’t think he does.”  He thought about the way they’d fell into each other’s orbits of domesticity, although nothing was routine about living at Baker Street with London’s only consulting detective.  Mad genius he was, couldn’t be counted on for anything except the unexpected.  So far, John had learned much about his flatmate’s behaviour, including his bouts of boredom, penchant for chemical experiments that should likely be done under a ventilator hood right on the worktop, and ability to produce either achingly beautiful music or something that sounded like a mating cat from his violin.  They were becoming friends, John supposed, although Sherlock didn’t
“Please call me John.  And no, not as such.  I’m just…” he thought for the right word.  “His partner?”
They ate their hors d’oeuvres companionably, Sherlock discussing the history of the building along with describing interesting features of the grounds before explaining his current assessment of Lillian.
“Exactly.”  Sherlock smiled and stood up.  “They’ll bloom anytime now.  Blink and you’ll miss it.  Used to sit here for hours, trying to see it happen.  I always gave up.”
The moors neighbouring Holmes Hall were wild and expansive, peppered with rocky outcroppings.  After an increasingly sweaty hour, he took a break to cool down and and sip from his water bottle. The large, flat stone was warm under his backside, so he lay down on it, closed his eyes, and thought.
“Why exactly am I here?  What do you want from me?  I am not a drugs counsellor or a glorified babysitter.”
John thought Sherlock was as excited about the boots as someone would be to find out he had won a large sum of money in the lottery, or better yet, a child who had just been given a long-wanted toy.
am a man.  And this man’s body finds your man’s body incredibly attractive.”  He leaned in to claim a kiss.  “Every part.  Your nose...” another kiss, “...your hands...”  another kiss, “...your legs...”  another kiss, “... and especially your hair, and everywhere it grows.
“All he had to say was that he was Sherlock Holmes,” said the manager, who was now looking a bit fondly at Sherlock, who still sniffing away.  “I know some of us wouldn’t mind...being deduced.”
“You asked me earlier this week if I were having a personal crisis.  I’m afraid that the answer is yes.”
The paramedics closed up the van and thanked John once more before heading out.  A police car took its place.  A beautiful black woman got out and strode confidently onto the scene.
The first thing he registered was the smell -- the odour of a living human body that had been cooped up for too long without fresh air and a good shower.  The second thing he knew was that he was being tackled to the ground by that body.  In the dark, he grappled with someone quite a bit taller but not as strong as he was -- it wasn’t long before he had his assailant on the ground, with his knee in his lower back and his arm twisted behind him.  He was pleasantly surprised that his body remembered what do to, damaged limbs and all.
The crowd parted to reveal a woman on the ground, gasping for breath.  John wished he could see her skin, but she was completely covered with coloured powder.
“Beautiful,” he murmured.  He meant it.  His nimble doctor’s fingers had always seemed to migrate to that hot, damp spot between the arsecheeks of his former lovers.  Some swatted his hand away; other, more adventurous ladies had been more willing to let John lead them into new, uncharted territory.  A handful of his former lovers had straight-up asked for it.  No matter his partner, though, he always felt there was something slightly kinky about anal play that aroused him to no end.  The anus was more stubborn than the yielding vaginal opening; it was less slick, the tissue and muscle felt different under the tongue.  And even the most freshly-showered bum still held a unique, dark and earthy fragrance, one that when he was in the mood John’s brain registered as a powerful aphrodisiac.  There was also something very sexy in being trusted, knowing that his partner trusted him enough to touch, much less penetrate, such a sensitive and intimate spot.
It’s not like John himself was the model of civilised behaviour: John knew he had anger management problems.  He, too, struggled with depression.  And so far he had a rather dismal track record with serious, long-term relationships.  He feared commitment.  And, if he were really honest with himself, he’d admit that he was slightly afraid of having a public relationship with another man, of having to deal with bigots who couldn’t keep their mouths shut.  He’d never imagined himself waking up in bed with another man, or watching late-night telly together, or bickering over whose turn it was to buy the milk when they were 75.
“Sherlock, what’s gotten into you?  First, you’re collecting my hair, then you’re making shampoo and trying to wax yourself and now we’re going to a spa.  Please tell me what’s going on.”
“He’s not interested, trust me,” said John, doing his best not to look uncomfortable.  “He’s researching.  For cases, you know.  Uh, for forensic work.  Very important.”
Meanwhile, whatever he and Sherlock were heading toward seemed to be stalled in its tracks.  They’d had a row after John found several syringes in an old tea tin while he was cleaning out the kitchen.  Sherlock denied that he was using again, was hurt that John would suspect it after Sherlock had promised he’d tell John if he were relapsing.  Sherlock didn’t make promises lightly, John knew, but simply seeing the things were enough to make him suspect.  Sherlock had yelled something about how John was “always jumping to conclusions” and angrily stormed out of the flat.
Around them, the birds sang, the breeze blew, and life continued much as normal, except two men living at 221 B Baker Street had left as friends and were returning as lovers.
and a whole group of children would just sit down and listen.  To Dickens!  Ha!  He had this really deep, beautiful voice, he did.”
“My sister once got a flower press from our grandmother for her birthday,” mused John as they walked into the station, Sherlock lugging his crime-scene-in-a-bag behind him.
As John made his way to the restaurant, set in the mansion’s ornate banqueting suite, John sadly realised that he
John wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s torso to help keep him upright - he could feel him beginning to shake with the strain of being supported by one arm as Sherlock’s hand abandoned their testicles to jerk himself off in earnest.  John couldn’t see it, but knowing what Sherlock was doing sent a shiver of pleasure directly to his balls.  He wasn’t going to last.
“Don’t do that,” John said once he’d recovered.  “Please, don’t do that.  I’ve already told you about the hair.  The hair is fine.  I love the hair.  The hair is
“Really?  I’m a trainee physio; nearly done.  Getting my massage and reflexology qualifications seemed a logical way to make money to pay for university.  Where do you work?”
“True.”  John looked at his half-plucked daisy and brought it absently to his lips, where he tapped it gently.
“My penis has previously never been so close to a muff.  And this one was too small for my fingers.”  Their eyes met.  Sherlock blinked at John.  “What?
Snapped uncomfortably out of his thoughts, like fresh gum being pulled up from a pavement by a shoe,  John sighed and told his not-so-soft cock to behave.
Clearly, Sherlock wasn’t coming out of the bathroom any time soon, so John logged on to Barts’ medical databases and searched for acupuncture complications, finding very few conclusive cases in the UK but a few instances of death by pneumothorax or secondary infection in patients who had been treated abroad.  He wanted to try the needles on himself but thought better of it.
“No, you never do.”  They rode the last few streets in silence.  “Look,” said John as they neared their favorite Thai place, “there’s something called the Internet, Sherlock.  Use it next time you want to see living people with their clothes off.”
“Wait - John Watson? The blogger?  Oh!  Oh God.  Then that’s...” - she nodded in Sherlock’s direction.  He was unscrewing every single bottle of shampoo on the wall of products and smelling them.  He didn’t bother putting the caps back on.  “
Mycroft stood and looked at John.  “You misunderstand me, John.  A soldier’s sword and shield is only as strong as the arm that wields them and the heart that drives them forward.  He needs you.  Be his bannerman.  Be his champion.  Don’t let him lock you out.”
It was supposed to be simple.  John didn’t mind helping Mrs. Hudson, not at all, really.  It was just that what he thought was an hour’s worth of work had turned into an all-morning project.
He reached the courtyard between the two massive wings of the manor house and sat on a bench next to the old fountain.  The structure was starting to crumble; it would need a stonemason soon. Toby sniffed around the courtyard as John sat and relaxed, but then soon became occupied with something.  John didn’t give it much thought until he saw the dog start to paw at the ground.
“Guess not.  Well, I came because Mrs. Hudson said you asked for me.  But if I’m going to be your verbal punchbag, I’ll leave this and go.  Just thought I’d let you know that your things have arrived.  But if you’d rather your chemistry equipment and books remain outside, go ahead and stay in here and sulk.”
“Beats me.  Maybe for sports, a swimmer, perhaps, or bodybuilder, but that doesn’t explain the complete removal of his pubic hair – or that of his unfortunate anus.”
Sherlock worked his mouth some more before he must have decided it actually was fine, for he continued with his original explanation of the missing woman.  “The woman’s perfectly safe and sound,” he reassured.  “But if you’d like to hear something interesting, let me tell you about the time I dealt with an internet vigilante.  It all started with this idiot who posted a video of himself torturing a cat on Youtube…”
“Here, Toby, come on now, boy.  By heck, you scared the fuck out of me,” he swore in a thick Yorkshire accent.  The dog trotted back to his owner.
He came, but couldn’t enjoy his orgasm as he balanced between ecstasy and overwhelmingly intense discomfort.
“All of these people, going about their daily lives.  And they see everything but observe nothing.  Nothing!  Why do they even have eyes?  Ugh!”
John returns the mouthpiece to the music stand and goes back to making himself a sandwich.  Sherlock’s a lot like that bloody tuba, John thinks: big, obnoxious, and full of hot air.  Yet also strong, sonorous, and deep.  He nearly rolls his eyes at his own metaphor but as he eats his sandwich he realises his mouth has been the same place as his flatmate’s.
“Mycroft’s childhood dream.  Olympic Grand Prix Dressage.  My brother is quite at home with a giant beast between his legs.”
The tiles have warmed beneath my feet; I can nearly picture John here, standing under cool water, washing himself perfunctorily, avoiding his genitals on purpose.  To borrow one of my friend’s favourite expressions,
John was waiting at the motorbike, looking impatiently at his watch, when he saw Sherlock come out the back pool entryway.  If John thought he had cleaned up well before, it was nothing compared to the way he looked now.  John couldn’t quite pinpoint what he’d done...something with his hair, maybe.  Or maybe it was the way he was dressed, in a close-fitting, black shirt and dangerously tight, low-slung jeans.  Whatever it was, Sherlock looked both younger and scarier.  If the effect was to attract, it would work.
Sherlock buried his head into John’s neck and gently bit at an earlobe.  “Was going to come,” he rumbled.
Sherlock worried his lip.  “It would appear,” he said, “that you are having a mild allergic reaction.  I didn’t know you were allergic to chinchilla.”
“Sally didn’t come back to the park.  And when we returned to Burnett Thwaite the next summer, her family had moved to Leeds.”
“Oh don’t look at me that way.  It’s not personal.  Sometimes I wonder what goes on in your funny little brains.”
“Fuck, yes,” said John.  He kept working himself as Sherlock reached his hand between them, pulling at his buttocks; a blunt pressure, nothing more, and the sound of Sherlock’s deep groan. Then: liquid heat.
A gravel path wound through the garden, and John walked quietly, almost reverently, through, taking in the overgrown lilac bushes, a tangle of blossomless rose bushes, a bed where a stray allium or two exploded its purple firework above years of organic detritus.  The entire garden was overrun with weeds, long grasses that had taken root in the gravel, and small trees from wayward seeds that grew imperiously in what were once manicured beds. While occasionally a sad clump of pink or yellow flowers peered out from between the weeds, the garden was a riot of green and brown, a wild and untamed place being slowly consumed by time itself.
as they walked, or if they sat just a bit closer than usual on the train, or if they did have to look at one another with slightly love-struck eyes just to make sure the other was still there, that yes, indeed, this weekend had really happened, well, that was just the way it was, and it was, above all, simple.  And so, John was enormously happy.
“If you want to help, bring me cigarettes,” he said irritably.  “And if you see my brother, tell him I’m leaving in three days and he’d better not have taken the keys to my flat.”
“I wouldn’t say so.  But you know, they threw a summer party once.  It seemed as if the entire village showed up.  A real community event.”
try to outflirt me today.  You’ll balls it up and then I will not get my massage or my steak and I swear to God that there will be hell to pay if I have to share a honeymoon suite with you and don’t get to enjoy the perks that come with it.”
The world looks a bit funny at 4am.  John knows all about the psychological effects of sleep deprivation, knows that his perception is altered.  Sherlock’s not immune to it either, try as he might to redefine the body as transport.  72 hours without sleep would send anyone right round the bend.  They’re starving, exhausted, and giggly.  And at the moment, nothing seems more amusing than the fact that the detective, the posh tosser, actually smells like hell, that expensive deodorant finally failing.  He hasn’t brushed his teeth, there are real bags under those mercurial eyes, and his hair is a wreck.
as he waited for Sherlock to get ready.  Mike, bless him, had been more than accommodating in letting Sherlock tour his lab, and John sincerely hoped his new friend wouldn’t burn his bridges before they were even built.  They were expected in Leeds at ten and he’d hoped to catch the 8 o’clock train, but Sherlock seemed to be taking his sweet time doing whatever he was doing.  John was about to text him to tell him to get a move on when he appeared in the doorway.  Or at least some very good-looking and put-together version of the man he’d hitherto seen in scruffy T-shirts, old pyjamas, and a dressing gown.
She traces a stain on the table with her index finger.  “I watched them,” she finally says, her eyes downcast.   “The DVDs my mother made.  I watched them.”
John frowned at him.  Mycroft continued, as if having a detailed file of a potential employee were an everyday occurrence.  “You’re currently undergoing a course of physiotherapy and seeing a counsellor for your depression and PTSD.  How’s that working out for you?  I see you’ve missed your last two appointments since you’ve been staying with your sister.”
Mrs. Hudson squared her shoulders and pointed the spatula at him.  “Young man,” she said sternly, “I’m not sure what you thought you saw or heard.  But there was no one screaming and I simply thought that you might have a healthy appetite.”
The more John thought about the noise he heard the night before, the more anxious he became.  Not a nervous anxious, or troubled anxious, no; it was more of a tingle of anticipation, the odd feeling that coiled at the base of one’s gut right before something
Owens gave John a strange look, as if he couldn’t quite believe he had to deal with not one but two men invading his private space, before he stood and went to open the front door.  John followed.
Pain?  No, no pain.  Not like there was.  He forced his eyes open.  A young woman stood next to him.  He couldn’t read the nametag clipped to her white coat. “Where did you say I am?”
Sherlock’s eyes went dark and took on a slightly predatory gleam.  “I most certainly do,” he said, advancing.
John didn’t know what to do with that, so he looked back down at the ground and nodded.  “I understand,” he murmured. He would never lie to Sherlock.  He couldn’t, even if it meant life or death.  Lying was not in his nature, and he considered it the gravest of transgressions.  But he understood.  He would kill for Sherlock.  He already had, without a second thought.
John allowed himself a good cuddle before remembering they were both rather sticky, the remnants of their liaison drying tacky on his thighs.
After a moment of staring into nothing, Mrs. Hudson pulled herself together.  “I don’t know why I told you all of that.  I need to learn to keep my mouth firmly shut.  Bit too late for that, though, now.  Now, Dr. Watson, you can unpack” --she gestured to his bag-- “and get freshened up for dinner.  Can you find your way back?”
John was trying to figure out what to do with his socks.  Sherlock had taken up all of the drawers and nearly all of the wardrobe.
Sherlock finished his tea and left the cup on the table beside the chair.  “Good night, John,” he said.  And with that, he was gone.
John had to think for a moment, but then he slowly repeated, “I said it was horribly convenient that a man is killed and no one sees anything out of the ordinary.”
Side-by-side they moved together, Sherlock’s hand over John’s, tugging at John’s cock as Sherlock ground himself against John’s arse.
“Sherlock,” he whispered, hating to stop their current activities but realising the inevitable if they didn’t.  “Sherlock, it’s getting light.”
It didn’t take John long to figure out what drove Sherlock crazy; the twist of the wrist here, on the upstroke, the pad of a thumb to the frenulum, gentle fingers on the scrotum.  Whereas John had to learn women, develop the techniques to finesse a clitoris or flutter against a g-spot, touching Sherlock seemed like second nature, like an extension of himself.  Very quickly, on their first night together (was it really only just this weekend, just two days ago they’d finally found their way?) John had learned that Sherlock wasn’t exaggerating about the sensitivity of his skin, and now, as John sat between those long, relaxed legs, he made sure his lover was well-oiled as he touched him.
“Oh, I know,” Leybourne sniffed.  “I just can’t see how I’ll manage now.  The WC will be national news: we will have to close so that the police can continue their investigations. The business won’t survive a brouhaha like this, I can tell you.  I’ll have to sell up, and then what will become of the poor, poor horses.”
“Anger.  Rage, even.  I could see a bit of it, then.  What lies just beneath the surface.  There’s a part of you that loves danger.”
“I also happened to notice that you have a few loose slates on your roof.  You might want to think about a repair before it begins to leak.  I’d offer to help you myself if you have a ladder handy.  That is, if you could hold it steady.”
John would never forget the sound of his name in Sherlock’s mouth when he came, shuddering, or the way he kissed his sweaty shoulder blades as he reached down and around to bring John to his own climax.
“When was the last time you fired a weapon?” Mycroft asked.  “Since Afghanistan.  Your psychiatrist was concerned you were suicidal.  You also have a tremor in your dominant hand.  Many soldiers with PTSD can never shoot again.  What makes you think you can?”
“Yes,” replied Sherlock.  John was surprised he answered at all; usually once he was occupied behind the microscope, back ramrod straight and eyes bright, he didn’t speak except to demand his phone or something else that was usually within his reach.
“You two, uh...”  Lestrade took a good long look at both Sherlock and John before leaning back in his chair.  “Damn,” he finally settled on.
No, what really gets him going is what’s only a shadowy suggestion in this photo.  For between those perfect arsecheeks is what makes John’s cheeks burn and his balls ache. What’s tucked away, secret and hidden.  For John’s eyes only.
John says I am simply gifted with sharper senses than most.  That, and unusual intelligence.  He may be right on both counts.
“It seems a shame,” said John, “that the blooms only last for so long.  It’d be nice to be able to keep them, you know?  Hang them up and dry them, or press them somehow?”
“Who said anything about walking?”  John thought quickly for something to get Sherlock’s mind off the case.  He quickly scanned the room.  A painting of a water scene caught his attention.  Mr. Holmes had let Henry and Adam fish in the pond when they were done with their work.  John hadn’t gone fishing in ages, and suddenly was struck with the desire to cast a line, the (silly) excitement of reeling in a fighter.
“Afghanistan.  How did you…?” John trailed off as the man attempted to stand.  Finally realising that he proved no threat, John reached out to help him get up.  The man’s hand was huge and much too warm, and he let go as soon as he was upright.  He climbed into his bed and leaned his head full of curly, sweat-soaked hair against the headboard.  The man was obviously the little boy from the photos, although now his face was angular and aristocratic.
“You wouldn’t dare,” John says, sitting up.  Sherlock likes the way John looks in the morning, waking up in his bed.  He leans in for a kiss, which Sherlock readily accepts.  As it turns out, John’s lips are perfect for kissing.
Navya’s fingers were already dialling by the time John made it out of the exit, through the hall, into the spa, and down the VIP corridor, leaving a trail of confused patrons in his wake.
***If you would like to read an explicit version of this scene, see the addendum at the end of the work.
“Sherlock?”  John finally turns and looks at his friend.  His family.  His future lover.  Sherlock’s face is very pale in the moonlight. John can tell he’s overwhelmed with happiness.  They both are.
Mycroft’s eyebrows nearly marched right off his forehead.  He put down his pen and laced his fingers together.  “I couldn’t possibly imagine why.”
thought John.  He’d seen his fair share of abuse cases while working as a GP, and it made him sick and angry every time.
“Sure.”  John gazed out into the dark.  “It’s strange, isn’t it?” he mused.  “Saying goodbye to all of this.  Leaving a legacy.”
“No.  Although no one really has the patience to go after something like a dahlia or something with loads of petals.  No one picks roses, if that’s concerning you.”
“Henry.  Henry was, oh, I don’t know, around five or so, and he was a handful.  Always fighting with his brothers.  Naughty, is what he was.  I was terrified for him to start school!  Rightly so, too.  His teacher phoned us the first week and said he wouldn’t stop pulling Jenny Porter’s pigtails.  Anyhow, Archie read to the kids, you know.  Up at the library.  And Henry was simply enthralled.  It wasn’t just picture books he read, either.  No, he’d get out
“He said very little, although I’m sure I’ll be seeing him soon.  He hates chastising me over the telephone because I usually hang up on him.”  Sherlock organised his papers.  “This is the initial police report.  I’ve re-read it; nothing that I didn’t know from before.”
“Multiple reasons, likely.  Fairly sure he’s an exotic dancer of some type, but not as a day job; hands callused from hard work, building trade likely, given the weathering of his face and backs of his hands but not his chest.  There were tiny contusions on several places on his back and on the backs of his legs, likely from friction, cloth being removed by force; contusions caused by velcro fasteners as it was ripped in apart during a performance.  The removal of his chest and back hair would be for aesthetics.  Yet a stripper would have no reason to completely remove his pubic hair, or the hair under his arms, for that matter.  Unless, of course he wanted to.”
I inhale and let my eyes drop close so I can better recreate our earlier situation before that man - I
“As I said, considerate lover.  Either that, or he did it for comfort.  I’m assuming he would wear a g-string while performing.”
“Yes, and Mr. Campbell and Mrs. Gant, too.”  He took the paper from his breast pocket.  He relayed the information to Sherlock, who closed his eyes and must have filed it all away in that mind palace of his.
“At least I can appreciate you in a suit.  You look good in a suit.  Well, the one I purchased for you, anyway.  Some of your casualwear is frankly alarming.  One day, I think I think I would like to see you in a dinner jacket.”  He closed his eyes a moment, and when he opened them back up, they shone with mischievous glee.  “Yes.  Yes, I would.”
“Lestrade, I think you’d better get a team together.  I don’t think our Brian died of an accidental overdose.  Remember when I said we were on holiday?  We’re at fucking Willow Cross
“No.  At least, I don’t think so.  He loved us all dearly, and he and my mother had a very strong bond before Sherlock and I were born.  They were generally well suited for one another and loved us deeply.  When I went away to school and Sherlock’s attentions turned toward research, he spent time in his garden, of course, and the rifle club, and in town.  He used to do volunteer work at the library. He’d read books to children.  He was an excellent storyteller.  Sherlock learned that skill from him.  Always a flair for the dramatic.”
John glanced at his watch.  Damn.  He took one last bite and folded up his paper.  Mycroft busied himself with whatever paperwork he’d brought with him.  Discussion over.
It was hard to hear anything over the soft lapping of water this far away from the front, but soon they saw a man pass the entrance to the pool, going towards the offices.  It was hard to get any sense of his appearance from their spot hunkered down in the water, but it was clear that the man was carrying something -- a case or basket of some sort.  He disappeared for a few minutes, then returned without the container, switched off the lights, and departed.
they sometimes shared, the ones where nothing was said where something wanted to be said.  John was sure either both of them would burst out giggling, as they sometimes did in these situations, or whether Sherlock would dismiss himself and flee the scene.
“Wait!” said Sherlock, thinking.  “No, the lesson of the story is about pride, isn’t it?  Or is it about good people and…Or was Maggie the despised plant that was mixed in with the rare, beautiful plants?”  He stopped.  “What
He’d nearly fallen asleep again when she returned with the water.  It was incredibly cold.  He licked his lips and swallowed a few times.  His memory was starting to come back to him, albeit slowly, the images blurry.  He was shot.  Yes, shot, in the shoulder, and the leg.  He managed to look down at it where it was covered with a white blanket.  “How bad is my leg?” he asked.  The prospect of being wheelchair-bound was suddenly terrifying.
“What you really want to know is, how long this will last.  Truthfully, I cannot tell you.  I have no prior experience in such matters.  It has been nearly a decade since my prior sexual activities, and the men I have taken to bed were nothing to me.  A means to an end.  I have shared my body but never my mind.  With you, John, I shall share everything.  I believe I already have.  But I have much to learn, and I am a obstinate pupil, even with the most patient of instructors.”
John tried not to jog into the house.  What was he going to do, anyway?  Throw open Sherlock’s door, grab him in a hug, and say, “It’s lovely to see you, mate!”  But anticipation thrummed under his skin and propelled him to the back door, where he met Mrs. Hudson, who was sweeping the patio.
The uncharacteristically warm weather continued.  John sweated on the train and dealt with a few patients who really needed to shower more than once or twice a week.  He worked three days straight in which he spent most of his free hours thinking.  He even considered calling Harry, but never got around to pressing the green button that would connect his call.
“So I wondered, if you could spare the time, if you could show us around your spa.  Mycroft has said so much about it.  We’d just like to learn a bit more before we dive right in.  You know, get a behind-the-scenes look.  That is, if you don’t mind.”
“Right.”  She took a deep breath, retrieved her clipboard, and composed herself.  “I’ll let you know.  Ring you later.”
.  Perfumes, tobacco ash, decomposition rates, blood spatter patterns, every crime ever committed ever committed in the history of the Underground... but I know nothing about your childhood, your prior relationships, your hopes, dreams, fears...things that best mates should know.”
when Sherlock was in danger; he always had, even from the first day they met.  Right now, every mental warning bell he possessed was clamouring away inside his skull.  Sherlock had serious weaknesses, whether he liked to admit it or not: he couldn’t back away from a mental challenge, even if it meant serious bodily harm, and depression and addiction were always spectres lying in wait to haunt him, enough to worry Mycroft.  John knew that Sherlock could hold his own in a fight, but in scenarios involving his mind he could be incredibly reckless.  At the moment, John was quite convinced that Lillian was going to
John appreciated the view as Sherlock left: wet, tight black pants, long, strong legs, and a pale expanse of back dotted with freckles -- and one green strand of pondweed.
suggests it was a present from a significant other, but the relationship went sour and Harry no longer cared whether the device was damaged.  He feels protective of you, hence an older brother, and he wants to stay in touch with you, which is why he gave you the phone.  Your brother also has a burgeoning alcohol problem, or did when he was going through the breakup.  See the power connection?  The tiny scuff marks?”
“These dioramas are horrible,” said Sherlock, scrutinizing a grisly-looking scene of a boy at a nineteenth-century butcher shop.  “Why on earth would there be blood all over the walls?  Someone got enthusiastic with a paintbrush.  No one does research!  That splatter should go up, not down.  The angle’s all wrong!”
Sherlock’s feet were scrabbling for purchase on the bed now, his heels digging in, before his eyes snapped open and his hand began to jerk himself in earnest.
So much to learn about British botany and gardening.  Thank you Pinterest.  The only walled garden I've ever been to is at the Chicago Botanical Gardens.  And the ones in my imagination.  They don't require gloves or allergy meds.
John nursed the rest of his pint, trying not to think about the heat or the feeling that he was missing something incredibly obvious.
“Cheer up, John!” Sherlock cried, his eyes shining with new-case mania.  “We’re going to a spa retreat!”
“He said something about ‘circular breathing’ over tea and then this started up.  Mr. Chatterjee is so put out that he said something drastic would happen if Sherlock doesn’t relent.  Speedy’s is completely empty!”
His arm is over my waist.  I take his hand and place it over where I ache.  For I do ache now. I throb.
“Better stop,” he said, lifting his head from his arms and turning around.  Sherlock’s wet hair curled above his brow, the shadows casting his cheekbones in sharp relief.  The water rippled and caught the feeble glow from the wall sconces around him.  There was an underwater light at the far end of the pool, enough for John to be able to see Sherlock’s body, his long legs as he trod water, the dark ‘v’ of hair between them.  John reached out and drew their faces together for a kiss.
Yet Sherlock was no woman.  John had seen plenty of men’s undercarriages in his profession and approached each and every one with clinical detachment.  His one encounter with Murray was nothing more than frantic frottage (although, admittedly, he would have done much more had time and destiny allowed).  He hadn’t even been sure Sherlock would be interested in the idea, and he hadn’t wanted to be presumptuous.
“Yeah.”  John narrows his eyes at her.  She’s always liked that story, romanticising it into ‘Sherlock’s Great Sacrifice.’  All these years, and John still has nightmares about it.  He continues.  “I met your mum and things clicked.  And then...well, things fell apart.  I’m sorry, Rosie.  I wish you could have known your mother.  You would have liked her; she was crazy about you. It’s not fair, what happened.  It’s not fair to both of us…I’m sorry.”
Alas, it was not to be.  For when he finally took his break, Mycroft Holmes was waiting for him in the reception area.
observe, contrary to what Sherlock believed.  The the elder Holmes was looking at Lestrade, well, differently.  John would have to ask Sherlock about it later.  It only lasted a moment, however, before Mycroft deposited his napkin on the table and stood.
“Yes,” John smiled as he shrugged on his jacket.  “Don’t worry, Sherlock.  Soon you’ll be back to calling me an idiot and wondering how I manage from day to day and you will find all sorts of creative and likely deceptive ways of getting me out of the house.”
“Going?”  Sherlock buttoned his jacket and gave John a look before crossing back over to whisper in his hear, “No.  Not going.
I've got several of Hahn's recordings that I still have from the days when I was part of those CD clubs that sent you music every month for the low, low price of $19.99.  I really am not a fan of either Sibelius or Barber (the two Hahn recordings I own) but figured Sherlock would prefer the Sibelius because of the challenge.  I would much rather see Tchaikovsky's first violin concerto, but perhaps S.H. would find it too...something.  Common?  Frilly?  IDK.  I love it!
“Sugaring.  It’s supposed to be gentler.  I watched it being done and it looked perfectly bearable and...”
Sherlock shoves down his unease.  Moriarty can taunt him as much as he likes, but there’s something that flares hot and angry inside of him when John is the subject of attention.  Moriarty may be the most formidable opponent Sherlock has ever faced, but the instant he laid his hands on John, kidnapping him and strapping him up with explosives…he lost some of his intrigue.  Moriarty is wrong: John is not a pet.  He is a conductor of light, a friend.
John must have looked impressed, for Sherlock shrugged and said, “I clean up well.”  He went to pour himself a cup of coffee.
John, unwilling to be a whole house and floor away from Sherlock, camped out in the upstairs library, listening to the strains of Sherlock’s violin as he played on and on.  Needing something to do, John first typed up the entire case, although he never intended to publish it.  Then, on a whim, rang Harry.  They talked for a long time, John feeling the odd and sudden need to tell her everything.  When he finally told her he was moving in with Sherlock and that their relationship was now decidedly more than friends, she didn’t seem surprised.
John shook his head.  He was not awake enough to even begin to think about it.  “It’s up to you and your brother,” he managed.  “I did save this for you.”  He reached in his shirt pocket and retrieved his moleskine.
Right from the first day it went on the market, Holmes Hall had a long line of interested parties which culminated in a bidding war.  Some Lord Someone-or-other offered an extra three-quarters of a million on top of the asking price; Sherlock and Mycroft couldn’t refuse the offer.
“He was a bit more than ‘pissed off,’ Greg.  Jesus.  He’d better not be out of it on smack somewhere.”  He shook his head, angry at himself, angry at Sherlock for not even hearing him out.
“No.  Not good.  Look, I really have learned to live with feet in the refrigerator but...personal space, yeah?  I know you have very little concept of privacy..” -  Sherlock scoffed at that - “...but leave my body out of it.  Everything in this flat is fair game - most of it’s yours, anyway -  but this,” he gestured at his body, “and everything that comes out and off it is mine.  Mine, Sherlock.  Not yours,” he added, just to be clear.
The rest of the meal was pleasant enough, and John and Sherlock stayed down in the dining hall for another hour or so, finishing the bottle of wine, deducing Leybourne (“Mother indifferent, father inadequate: still hankering after nanny,” said Sherlock disdainfully, as if that explained it all), and carefully avoiding any mention of feet.  John found it strange that Sherlock was so bothered by the whole debacle in the spa; John had never before considered feet to be particularly intimate or erotic, but judging from his reaction, Sherlock clearly did.  Then again, John had not anticipated getting hard at the thought of Sherlock massaging his feet, or that Sherlock would be jealous.  It was all useful information.
Finally sated, he rinsed off and climbed out of the bath to see himself naked in the mirror.  He’d gained some muscle, and his arms and face were rather tan again from working out of doors.  His cock, now flaccid, hung between his legs in its nest of red-gold pubic hair.  The scar on his leg, which had troubled him so much before, was, of course, still there, but now its faded pink arrow seemed to say, “Right there, love.  That is where the action is.”
“I’d get parcels from home every once and awhile.  Had an ex who thought it would be entertaining to send me a pair of silky boxers.  Red, right?  For Valentine’s Day.  I don’t know what possessed me to put the damn things on that morning, but I did.”  He chuckles a bit.  “I spent an hour like that before one of those bastards finally told me.  I looked like a twat.”
, when they ache, crave the touch of another, someone they trust, feel fondness for, maybe even love.  The world’s only consulting detective, mad gorgeous wanker of a flatmate, stood in this shower and
It was five in the evening by the time all was said and done, and John found himself wandering the city, hoping Thackray’s Medical Museum was still open, when he heard his name being called from behind him.
Sherlock nudged under John’s ear with his nose, licked at his neck.  “Get on that chair,” he demanded before climbing off the bed and heading for the bathroom.
John wrote it down in his notebook.  “Who else might have been there?  When he read to the children?”
Sherlock thought, then raised his eyebrows.  “Bit of a tourist trap, but Winnicott Hall has beautiful gardens.  Country house, church, cemetery, that kind of thing.  Not too far away.  Ruins on the property, too.  Not too far north of here. Interested?”
It was after one such row relatively early in their friendship where John flat out asked Sherlock if he ever had any biological imperative to have sex whatsoever.
Sherlock chalks the case up as a rousing success.  It was a whirlwind of a case, not particularly difficult but there was a time element involved, and he always finds a certain joy in solving a puzzle under pressure.
“What?  You mean Molly?”  John laughed softly, toying with the flower stem.  “I’m not in love with Molly Hooper, Sherlock.”
“I’ve been offered a job in Leeds,” he said.  “Part time, three days a week, morning shift, the occasional on-call weekend.”
“But I didn’t mind.”  Sherlock turned from the screen and looked at John, as if he were trying to figure something out about his own body.  Perhaps he just had.
Of course he did, thought John, who had read the research on the healing benefits of skin-to-skin, how infants stabilised after the trauma of birth simply by being held against a parent’s flesh.  Miracle cases, too, babies being brought back from the brink.  Sherlock, in many ways, John mused sleepily, was just like that.  He was still learning how to love, how to be physical, to be intimate.  John felt immensely proud and fortunate to be his teacher.  Or maybe they were learning together, rather, if he were honest with himself.
“Ah.  I see.  And you consider that person to be a friend and are unwilling to sacrifice your friendship in case you are romantically rejected.”
“You’ve got a heck of a garden,” continued John, realising he probably sounded like an idiot.  “I’ve been doing some gardening myself this summer.  I never knew how satisfying it could be.  Getting your hands dirty, seeing the fruits of your labour.”
One of the worst parts, John thought, of being a responsible adult (and one who generally disliked dishonesty) was having to report to work when there were other, more exciting things to be doing, like solving a twenty year old mystery with his genius detective friend-turned-lover.  He wanted to be there when Sherlock worked it out, when he finally deduced who shook his father off the ladder and why.
On his way out, he stopped and knelt down in front of several overgrown rose bushes.  They were, as far as he could tell, the same ones that Lestrade had been complaining about earlier.  Sherlock’s roses.  They were in rough shape; dead, woody branches choked newer, greener canes.  Much of the deadwood, he thought, would have to be pruned away.  He touched the glossy leaves, ran a fingertip very carefully over a wicked-looking thorn.  “What do you need, hmm?” he asked aloud.
“It’s funny,” said Sherlock.  “I love puzzles. Locked rooms.  Mysteries, crimes, whodunnits.  Nothing stimulates my mind more.  But this.  This isn’t fun.”
“I want to have sex,” Sherlock announced, his eyes crossing a bit as he tried to make eye contact with their faces so close together.  “Sex, John.  Making love.  Intercourse. Fucking.  All of that.  Right now.”
London really was lovely in the spring, thought John, as he walked to work, smiling at nothing in particular.  He looked like a honeymooner, and for all intents and purposes, he supposed he was.  He doubted he and Sherlock would ever exchange rings, but they had each other’s hearts, and the knowledge that Sherlock loved him, wanted him, heart, mind, and body, was more than enough.  Who knew?  His marvelous and absolutely infuriating best friend turned out to be an attentive and sensitive lover.  For the first time in his life, John felt
guy, some smug, fit, tattooed punk who thought he was better than everyone else!  The barman said something to a co-worker, smiled lewdly at Sherlock, and together the two of them disappeared out the back.
“That’s it?” replied Navya.  ‘We don’t have many areas that are locked with that system.  Dry storage, the wine cellar, and the managers’ offices... oh.  May I ask whose office you would like to see?”
John felt as if he woke up in some strange alternative universe, one in which it was routine for Sherlock and his older brother to take tea together from the best china pot.    For there they were this morning, Mycroft sitting in John’s chair eating scones that he  had undoubtedly brought with him, looking for all the world like a completely normal, functioning family.
“I’d like to show you around,” continued Mike, pausing to turn off his computer work station.  “It’s probably against protocol, but you’re welcome to stay for an hour,” he said to Sherlock, who had already started to unpack his bag, placing a notebook and several containers on the worktop.
John, like any man, he supposed, had always fancied the look of erotic poses.  Once, long ago during his first year of university, some of the girls on his floor had got a hold of a version of the
“Politeness can be useful,” said Sherlock, shrugging out of his leather jacket.  “People are so easily manipulated.  A few pleases and thank yous and puppy dog eyes can work wonders.”
Sherlock was waiting for him at the front entrance, balancing himself on the bike with one foot on the ground.  As John approached, he was aware of a strange, vaguely uncomfortable feeling bloom in his gut.  He guessed he really hadn’t expected to drive, but to ride as the pillion passenger gave him a bit of pause.
John shed his coat and offered his hand, which she shook.  Her hands were warm and soft.  “Martha Hudson, dear.  The housekeeper.”
“Her father was a right bastard,” said Mr. Campbell sadly, shaking his head.  “Something happened, though, and they moved to the city.  Were only here a few years.  Whatever happened to her, I wonder?”
wasn’t made for hands his size -- and rubbed it up his left arm.  Then, back down.  Better down than going up.  The neck, again, for good measure.  Yes, still pleasurable.  Pectorals?  Yes, nice.  Abdomen?  Slightly ticklish, but still comfortable.  A brush over his side made him break out in goose pimples.  He changed hands, tried his other arm, found the left side as responsive as the right.  Tried his armpits, found them ticklish.
“Spa manager.  I read about her in the book upstairs while you were having your tiff with Mycroft.  She’s got degrees in Hospitality and Management.”
," he replied, waggling his eyebrows a bit.  “Whatever feels right.  You and your labels.”  He found John’s hand and kissed the tips of his fingers.  “It’s been a very long time.  Right now, I think you should touch me.  Use that oil on your fingers.”  The slightly devious look was back, the one that made John catch his breath.  “Open me,” he murmured.  “Get me ready for you.”
Sherlock rested his head on John’s shoulders before finally reaching down to hold the condom as he pulled out.  John felt around for his discarded t-shirt and gave himself a quick wipe-down before handing it over to Sherlock, who must have deposited the condom on the floor before collapsing on the bed.  They were both sweaty, sore, and beyond exhausted.
“Hi,” Molly beamed, clutching her clipboard to her chest.  “You’re, um, supposed to sign in,” she spluttered.  “Did you sign in?  They wanted me to tell you to sign in if you hadn’t.”
John must have looked surprised at the outburst, for Sherlock got himself back under control.  He stretched and twisted a bit, obviously uncomfortable from whatever Lillian had put on his back.
“There’s something healing -- and I’m not insinuating you’re broken, so don’t even start -- about saying goodbye to the past, and hello to the future.”  He chuckled to himself, a memory surfacing.  “And christening the new place.”
“No.  These boots would be all wrong for gardening.  A gardener wouldn’t wear them.  John, think.  Why would anyone fill boots with rocks and throw them in a pond?  Why not just bin them if they were unwanted?”
John wondered if she’d been at her secret stash already this morning.  “You don’t mind if I do a bit of gardening?” asked John.
And he could hardly believe just how much Sherlock currently seemed to be enjoying himself; Sherlock, who had for so long turned his nose up at even the mention of physical intimacy, was clearly getting off on going down.
The stretch has done nothing but heighten my arousal, my heart speeding up, pumping more blood to my groin.  John notices my change of position and seeks contact again.  He does this now, sometimes, his body seeking the comfort of mine even in slumber.  I enjoy his warmth, his solid presence.  Now, the hard line of his penis against my thigh.  He sighs, but sleeps on.
Sherlock Holmes, who, apparently, knew how to fold himself into a chair, backward, on top of his lover.
Sherlock’s smile faded, and so did the sparkle he’d had in his eyes moments before.  “I didn’t say I didn’t negotiate,” he said, quietly.  “Nothing’s ever free.”  He sipped his coffee and looked out the window.
“I don’t…” he starts, then has to set his glass down and rub his face a bit, “...think he’s interested in things like that.”  John hopes he isn’t blushing.
He gave the book to John, who studied the cover.  It was still in very good condition; the artwork on the cover (a fairy woman with long hair and a flowing gown held her hands out to catch a silver butterfly) wasn’t badly faded or worn, although the spine and corners of the cover showed signs of use.  John could tell the book had been well-loved.
After making Sherlock promise to wake him should he find anything of interest, John went to sleep in his own room for the first time in a week.  His bed was familiar and cosy, and he slept soundly until he heard the door open.
“Oil of some kind.  It’s got an analgesic in it.  Not synthetic, I’m guessing.   Heat followed by numbing - likely capsaisin.   I can’t feel a thing anymore, now that the burning has stopped.”
“You, um, haven’t seen Sherlock?” he asked her as she signed off the computer and collected her handbag.
John smiled and closed his eyes.  Soon he grew too warm.  Sherlock had fallen asleep, his breaths coming long and slow.  John kissed his curls and disentangled himself so he could actually sleep.  Tomorrow would be a long day.
The man on the ground --a few years younger than John from the look of him-- tried to stand, but then appeared to give up and lay flat on his back, his arms tucked behind his head.  John could see his T-shirt was soaked with sweat; his face looked pale and clammy.  Looking around the room, from the untouched plates of food to the torn-apart bed to the big plastic mixing bowl on the bedside table to the shards of china by the wall, John quickly assessed that the man on the floor was the one he’d heard screaming the other night, and that he was likely very unwell.  Maybe even dangerous.
“Do you know of anyone who might have been at the house that day? Someone who may have seen anyone?  There were two groundskeepers Sherlock mentioned, Luke Simmons and Mitchell Amos.  Do you know where they might be now, or if I could talk to them?”
Sherlock fell asleep somewhere just north of Liverpool.  As a general rule Sherlock hated sleeping on trains, but without the case to keep his mind occupied, the transport demanded rest.  He’d fought it for a good hour, too, before John had shrugged out of his jacket and handed it over.  “Pillow,” he said.  “I’ll wake you.”  Sherlock had taken the jacket and balled it up, tucked it against the window and leaned against it.  Still, his body was tense and alert.  “I’ll stay awake,” John said softly.  “Just rest.”  Mollified, Sherlock had relaxed and was asleep almost instantly, leaving John alone with thoughts that were not appropriate for public transport.  Especially on Virgin trains.
“I don’t remember.  It was before I was born.  I was the baby, remember.  They didn’t talk much to their annoying younger sister.  I remember they said he was very good, had a lovely voice.”
“Yes, yes, of course,” interrupted Sherlock. “Did you all cross at the same time?”  It was the first question he’d asked since the whole ruckus began.  John looked up at him as he continued to monitor Barbara’s pulse and respiration.
It had gone 1am before John finally bid goodnight to Sherlock and went back to his room.  He was still slightly warm and loose from the whisky; his bed was warm and comfortable, and he was asleep immediately.
“I don’t know yet.  Mycroft and I have been discussing whether or not we should press charges.  What do you think?”
“The cravings are horrible.  I usually can control my use.  It got a bit out of hand.”  He spoke so nonchalantly, as if overdosing were something mildly irksome that someone did occasionally by accident, like stubbing a toe or choking on spit.
Again, infinite thanks to BettySwallocks, who has really challenged me to become a better writer.  I'm having more fun with this than should possibly be allowed.
John’s smiling.  He’s got that smug little pressed-lipped smile he uses when he’s particularly pleased with himself.
He finally cycled up to Holmes Hall around 5pm, pedaling around the side of the house to put his bike in Lestrade’s garage.  He stopped his bike when he heard it: a violin playing.  Sherlock’s window was open, and coming from it strains of music.  He’d come back.
“Everywhere.”  Molly’s small voice drew both men up from their study.  “He’s hairless everywhere,” she emphasised, pursed her lips together, raised her eyebrows, and nodded at the poor man’s backside.  Sherlock, unfazed, stepped forward and proceeded to spread the man’s cheeks.  Completely.  Bare.  John’s eyebrows nearly touched his hairline.
At the cusp of puberty, I remember only feeling mildly confused as to how anything that was turgid, swollen, engorged, and throbbing would make sexual reproduction appealing.  I knew turgid (rigor morits) and swollen (the creek near our home) and engorged (leech) and throbbing (nose after being punched by Lucas Thompson in the third form) as words only to describe more unsavoury characteristics.  From what I could gather from my sophomoric cousins, throbbing penises were supposed to be proud of and somehow produced sexual pleasure.  Mine, as of then, had been nothing more than a tool to aid urination and an occasional morning irritance.  I sincerely hoped it would never throb.
“God,” laughed Lestrade, “Just glad Sally’s not with us.  You know what it’s like doing surveillance with her?”
That seemed very sad to John, who was thinking that, for as much as he felt toward Sherlock, there was so much about him that was void, left unshared, or, worse yet, deleted.
Sherlock suggested that they give the ground-floor flat to Mrs. Hudson, and John readily agreed.  They asked her about it over dinner; she refused and fussed but finally acquiesced, citing that they would need someone to make sure they occasionally had a home-cooked meal.
“Yes you do.  It’s why you make me say it four times before you acknowledge that I’m speaking to you.”
This part of the Secret Garden was my favorite as a child.  I loved the initial reaction of Mary to Colin, and Colin's interest in her.  Reworking that for this fic was really difficult.  Obviously John wouldn't hold Sherlock's hand and sing to him on the night he meets him, so I had to get creative.  I hope it meets your expectations.
John knows he could never live like that.  He’s known since childhood that he was a physical creature.  His body always craved the touch of another, needed physical proximity.  He’d traded his mother’s knee for tussling matches with his classmates, and then the rugby lads.  He’d sat with his aging grandfather, held his hand.  At medical school, his hands found women.  John Watson had spent his teens wanting to be taller, but at 20 he realised he was the perfect height to look a woman right in the eye, could lie with her in bed and have everything line up perfectly. Out in Afghanistan there had been a girlfriend for a while: dancing in a club, sleeping curled together, breath between shoulder blades. Intimate. Always touching. Until she was clasping his hand one last time and saying goodbye: it’s not you, it’s me. Turned out the girlfriend had a boyfriend back at home. And then the sniper’s bullet that sent him back to Blighty and months and months of lonely nothing. No wonder he’d been such a wreck.  Trust issues, indeed.
“In the summer, when I was driving back from interviewing someone on that missing racehorse thing. I’d found a pub for lunch, then took a stroll and just happened to see the ‘For Sale’ sign.  I put in an offer there and then.  Obviously, it does need some work...and it’s Grade II listed. The fireplace and front parlour are 400 years old. So far I’ve had the roof repaired and the plumbing redone in the bathroom.  It has a very large garden and it’s next to a farm, so it’s secluded, very quiet.”
John checked his appearance in the mirror after combing his hair.  His own lips were still red and puffy and he was pretty sure Sherlock had bitten him on the neck a bit too hard in places.  “Like a bloody teenager,” he muttered to himself, but as he hung his towel on the rack and reached for a fluffy white towelling robe, he found it impossible to keep a soppy smile off his face.
I start with kissing.  There are times when we skip that, go straight to the quick and dirty, especially if we’re pressed for time or if our adrenaline is too high.  Sometimes we fuck, right there on the sitting room sofa.  Sometimes he bends me over the counter; sometimes he drops to his knees.  But that’s not what we need right now, not after this case.  Affection, yes.  Fondness, always.
Sherlock laughed and settled a large hand over John’s chest, below his scar and over his heart.  The look in his eyes was so full of emotion that John was having a difficult time processing it.  He’d mourned men he’d loved after they bled to death in his arms with military stoicism.  Now, his eyes were stinging from happiness.  He might just break down right there, sobbing, and found that he really didn’t care.  Fulfilment, after so long...
But Smith did not focus; instead he began to shake, his speech completely disintegrating into keens and howls.  Watson was in the middle of applying the tourniquet when he heard a desperate cry for backup, the crackle of a radio to his left.
Just then Sally’s phone rang; she looked at it and excused herself for a moment, heading outside to talk.
They ate together, Sherlock falling back into his familiar patterns of storytelling.  The food was excellent (a green salad, roast chicken and root vegetables, and a strawberry tart for dessert) and John felt more relaxed after several glasses of wine.  Yet something had changed; Sherlock looked more thoughtful, the way he did when he was puzzling something out when that great brain of his came up short.
That heart of mine is pumping blood at 92 beats per minute right down to that penis (cock) (prick) of mine.  The brain has decided that the chest is where I should feel love, the place that aches when I look at John, when I touch him, when we part.  It is where I place his hand when I lack the words to tell him.  My heart wants to belong to John, and since I can’t easily carve it from my chest (generally results in death would be more than a bit not good) it has decided it will move its operations (thud, thud, thud) south where John can have easier access.  With every pulse, John holds my lifeblood (bless this, says the heart as it pushes the fluid forward) in his hand, only thin layers of skin separating my blood from his.  He holds my heart in his mouth, sometimes, tongue skimming over the glans, sucking.
“Beautiful weather we’re having, yeah?” John said loudly, trying to stall and give Sherlock enough time to dart out of the house.  “I was just on my way into town and I must have run over some glass or something, ‘cause next thing I know, thump, thump, thump!  I was going nowhere fast.”
Maybe it was his own adrenaline rush, but John felt instantly annoyed.  “She obviously had a reaction to something.  It makes sense.”
“You know,” he said.  “Maybe I should just push my bike into town.  Who knows what Sherlock is up to.  He gets busy, you know, and forgets about things.  My feet would be killing me by the time I got there, though.  Flat feet.”  He made a face.
John had to remember to close his mouth.  This poor sod was naked in the true sense of the word – all his body hair had been completely stripped, and from the looks of his face, which had been left alone, he was once a fairly hairy fellow.  “Please don’t tell me he died from hair removal.”
John willed himself to relax and controlled his breathing as he lay there enjoying the sensation of Sherlock’s fingers gently spreading his cheeks apart, his sharp intake of breath at what he saw there, then the warmth of his fingertips stroking, rubbing, teasing.  Sometimes Sherlock talked up a storm when he did this, saying all sorts of things that made John’s face go hot.  Other times, however, like now, Sherlock was quiet, reverent, even.  Even without the usual dirty commentary, John found the little sounds Sherlock did make arousing: the lick of lips, a breath through the nose, a shuddering exhale, a swallow.
John allowed himself a few breaths as he counted backward from ten.  Murdering Sherlock was not on the weekend’s agenda.
John sighed, bemused.  It was a nice view.  Feeling a bit guilty for having a laugh at Sherlock’s expense, John pushed his lover over before sitting next to him.  “Hey.  I meant it.  Research all you want.  I suggest, however, that we move this operation to the bedroom, because if Mrs. Hudson or, God forbid, your brother, walks in on
“Ah, John.  Good to see you.  I do hope you’ll be able to accompany Sherlock on a...little favour for me.”
.  He gazed at Sherlock with half-lidded eyes, over the expanse of his back, his dark head, his hands moving a bit on the sheets, the way the oil had pooled in the small of his back, was trickling down over the sacrum, shiny liquid disappearing into the crevice of his arse.
John smiles, then shrugs off his jacket; he hangs it on the hook.  Sherlock is incredibly glad of it.
Sherlock had asked one time after John teased him about his grooming routine).  Finally, Sherlock emerged with a towel wrapped around his waist, looking pink-cheeked and fully awake.  He whipped the towel on the bed, pulled black pants from where he’d stashed them in the chest of drawers (he always unpacked and put everything in its place, whereas John’s things never left the duffel), and shimmied into them.  John tried not to watch lest his body, which
Just then, Sherlock’s phone vibrated from where he’d left it by the microscope.  He retrieved it, swiped the screen and looked at the text.
He hit the “send” button and heard Sherlock’s phone and computer bleep simultaneously, but Sherlock gave no indication that he had even noticed.
“That’s right.  Diana Webster.  In Manchester.  She might be worth talking to.  She was there, I’m sure; she went to work with her mum in the summer holidays and would have heard Archie’s storytelling. ”
Sherlock huffs out a breath and his lips squeeze together.  “Ours,” he manages.  “To use.  For.”  He flaps a hand.  “Us.  To go to.  Maybe live in one day.  If you want.”
I bury my face in John’s back, smell his sleepy scent.  He smells like stale deodorant and Persil non-bio detergent and skin.  I can smell his breath from here, too, all sleep-sour.  It doesn’t bother me at all.
Sherlock was attentive and thorough.  He murmured questions when he was uncertain and picked up on John’s cues when something felt particularly good.  Eventually John simply pulled Sherlock on top of him so they could move together.
“Molly, I really don’t want to know.”  They both blinked for a moment before John gathered his wits.  “You know,” he said, “for all I can tell, this poor bloke died of a heart attack.”
“Unbelievable,” said John as Sherlock reeled in his fourth trout.  “It’s completely, totally, and utterly unfair.”
She laughed at that, a genuine cackle.  “Unhappy?  Heavens, no.  They paid well and Lilly was lovely company.  It was hardly even a proper job.  I was only there a few days a week.  Lilly and Archie were very adept at cooking their own meals and tidying up after themselves, that sort of thing.  I did cook one or two meals a week, and I always helped Lilly if there were guests.  She was an excellent chef, although she truly despised it.  It’s a very large house, as you know, so I did a considerable amount of dusting and polishing.  That sort of thing.  Lilly and I even had tea together once a week before the children were born. None of that upstairs-downstairs stuff. ”
“But I won’t remember it empty, furniture draped with covers.  I’ll remember it with you in it.  The way you looked the first night I came to find you.  I saw so much about you then, from the second you opened that door.  I wanted you even then, you know.  I didn’t recognise it, wouldn’t dare admit it to myself.  I was still half out of my mind, I suppose.”  Sherlock rolled onto his stomach and looked around the room from their vantage point on the bed.  “I sat in your chair that night,” he remembered.  “You gave me nicotine patches.  I was so thankful I could have kissed you.  I thought about you sometimes, that you’d be just downstairs, sitting there in your chair, reading.  Not long after I allowed myself a glimpse of a fantasy.”
Sherlock pressed John up against the door and kissed him, but John found the doorknob with his fingers and ducked inside, sending them both half-sprawling into the room, where the game began anew.  John went around his bed, then over it, laughing as Sherlock reached out to grab him.  But John wasn’t quick enough; Sherlock’s long-fingered hand caught his ankle, and John was trapped.
John hears traffic outside; it’s not light yet, but the night will fade away soon.  Sherlock’s laughter still rings inside his head.  He’s too tired to go upstairs.  He reaches for the blanket, realizes the lolly stick, still covered in green residue, is now stuck to his leg.  He pulls it off and holds it in his left hand as his right attempts (and fails) to cover himself.
“That’s the thing,” said John, setting his own glass down on the bar and dabbing at the moisture running down its side.  “He’s a grown man.  I am not his minder, his keeper, his babysitter, or whatever it is Mycroft wishes I were.  And it’s none of his business, as far as I’m concerned.”
“Murray!” yelled Watson, hoping his friend could still hear out of one ear.  “Murray!  I’m down!  I’m down! Call for MERT!  MERT!  NOW!”
“Then why are you trying to take the hair off it?  You’re not even hairy!”  John stepped back and did a clinical observation.  He had played scenarios of getting Sherlock naked so many times in his mind - this was not one of them, and it was
He parted ways with Mike and made it back to the hotel, feeling more peaceful than he had in ages.  After a shower, he turned down his bed and attempted to read.  But for some reason his eyes wouldn’t stay on the page, but kept flitting over to his mobile.
John looks up at him, smiles cheekily.  Licks his lips.  He’s finally going to kiss Sherlock Holmes.  “How about,” he whispers in his ear, “we find out?”
He carries it in his jacket pocket for a long time, clenches his hand around it.  He does not tell Ella.
An odd feeling of disappointment bloomed in John’s gut.  Sherlock flopped back onto the bed and resumed his impersonation of a starfish.
“No.  But unlike you, I do have great respect for what grows from my scalp.  And I enjoy chemistry.  It was an entire wall of chemistry, John, and it was by far the most interesting thing in that place.  I just happened to notice that a bottle was slightly out of place; I picked it up. The rest is deduction.”
Mrs. Hudson’s sitting room, usually so immaculate, was covered with stacks of dusty junk.  It was as if she had turned the contents of every drawer and cupboard in the place inside out.   “Just a few things,” she’d said, and then opened the door to such spectacular disarray that John couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.
Then, during the third movement, a tiny sniff.  And another.  Mesmerised by the beautiful young soloist, John barely registered the sound. How on earth was she doing that?  Music seemed to emanate from her whole body, not just the instrument, and Sherlock was missing it all.  John was ready to elbow him in the side.  Daft git.  Dragged him out here, so excited, and then...oh.
Unmoving, John stayed in his position, half-hidden by the roses that flanked the VIP entrance, and watched.  Sherlock swam an effortless crawl for another five minutes, back and forth across the pool without stopping, before hoisting himself up over the far side.
John threw the flower at him.  It hit him on the nose.  “Oh, stop that.  It’s just.  I don’t find this sort of thing easy.  Talking.  About the way I feel about people.  That’s all.”
John stews angrily for a quarter of an hour before he finally sets the chair to rights and dusts himself off emotionally.  His phone pings:
“So, my love,” said Sherlock melodramatically, recapturing the lighthearted mood from the moment before, “what types of sexual acts are forbidden from our bed?”
“Besides, composing for tuba helps me think.  It’s big, loud, and takes an incredible amount of finesse to coax anything melodic out of it.  Look at my lips, John.  They would be completely wasted on a string instrument.”
“The shape is perfect for a brass instrument,” Sherlock confirms.  “You, for example, would struggle to get anything but a squeak out of it.”
John helped Sherlock stack a bookshelf on the far side of the room.  He really did have quite the collection: several medical texts, 20 or so chemistry books, a great many volumes of crime-related journals.  Some of the titles were very old, their covers threadbare and pages brittle.  Others were festooned with sticky notes, passages of text underlined, splashed with lime-green highlighter ink, or simply slashed through with angry lines and marked ‘wrong!’. John left the boxes of chemistry equipment and personal effects for Sherlock to sort out.  Slowly but surely, the room transformed into a livable and comfortable space.
Suddenly Sherlock said, “A-ha!” in a triumphant voice and pulled what appeared to be a human skull out of a box.
“Reading my mind again?” asked John.  Was he really nervous?  Maybe a little.  Excited, for sure.  Randy as hell?  Yes.
John reached him in a few strides, took Sherlock’s face in his hands, and did a quick diagnosis - pupils normal and reacting, skin temperature normal.  He reached down and took his pulse - that too, was normal.  He found himself feeling tremendously relieved.
“Hey,” said Lestrade changing the topic, “the bike’s got a full tank if you need it.  See you later.”  And with that he walked toward the gardens, shears slung over his shoulder, Toby at his side.
He must have looked pleased, for Mrs. Hudson giggled to the side of him and walked further into the room.  “You were expecting pink, I gather,” she said.  “Anthea was in charge of the renovations and the interior decor.  She insists that we call the rooms simply by number. The original names, though, stick in my mind.  What with our gardens and all.  And ‘Room 4’ just doesn’t have that unique touch.  It was pink, though.  And red.  We stripped miles of wallpaper!  Bloody vile stuff, too.  Looked like a haemorrhage.”
Sherlock, however, seemed to be incredibly upset.  Usually the commentary and speculation about their supposed sexual relationship didn’t bother the detective in the least.  He never seemed to care what other people thought of him and never understood why John did.  “People see what they want to see, John,” he always said, and dismissed the knowing looks and speculative glances without pause.
At that moment, the receptionist returned with the manager.   Lillian, despite her small stature, exuded confidence, practicality and sex appeal from the top of her sleek blonde head to the tips of her sports sandals.  John knew immediately that if he wasn’t, as Lestrade put it, a bit besotted with a certain lanky six-foot plus consulting detective with bald patches, he would be doing anything in his power to get to know this woman better. Or at least, get a better look down her purple scoop-necked T-shirt.
Sherlock blew on John’s testicles, which were now a bit cold, what with being wet and everything.  John felt the thin skin contract further.
The shower was lovely, and John washed Sherlock’s mop of curls with his homemade shampoo.  Afterward, they took turns in the bathroom as they usually did, and by the time John came back downstairs from getting dressed for work, Sherlock was clean-shaven and reading the paper at the table.  He’d even made tea.
Once, when I was at university, I purchased a durian from a supermarket in Chinatown. Its unusual and potent stench cleared the entire floor.  I actually ate the thing.  It was both disgusting and sensual.
“Fuck,” swore John, knowing there was no way he could clear it, even with a running start. The man clearly had hurdles as well as middle-distance running in his athletic repertoire.
Sherlock looked at the table, trying to find the right words.  John decided to spare him the burden of bearing bad news.
“I don’t know,” said John, and was going to throw the boot towards the shore when Sherlock suddenly dropped his fishing rod and took off his own clothes.
Sherlock gave the cabbie an address and hunkered down with his phone, apparently researching.  John was both amused and concerned.  Last time Sherlock immersed himself into a new line of study it had been something to do with fish and rendered the flat so uninhabitable that John had to call to get it professionally cleaned and Mrs. Hudson was so Not Amused that she didn’t offer tea and biscuits for nearly a fortnight.
When he needs to think, Sherlock turns to the tuba.  It seems counterintuitive that composing would help clear his mind, but it does.  Something about the way the music sounds when it’s right: all the tumblers of the lock aligning, sliding into place.  It unlocks pathways in his mind, opens doors, clears obscure routes.  Today he needs a challenge, so he takes a quick trip into the music wing of his mind palace, back to his childhood when he used to listen to records with Mummy, the two of them sitting together on the sofa, enjoying Mendelssohn's violin concerto or Bach’s
“Great.  Now, go and have a shower.”  John shoved their clothes at him.  “I’ll clean these fish and be up after you, then we’ll have supper and you can tell me all about shoes.”
He said goodbye to Metcalf and rode his bike back to Holmes Hall, a big, empty house that was no longer his home.
“You’re not just any man, Sherlock,” John said.  “You’re...you.  And you’re brilliant.  Gorgeous.  A bit insufferable.  It’s different, yeah.  But it’s good.  Very, very good.”
Mrs. Hudson served a hearty, aromatic beef stew.  They sat together at her cosy kitchen table, and he ate well as she sat nattering on about living in Florida for several years with a husband who was up to no good.  He tuned most of it out, nodding at the proper times. The sun had set and the rain had gone from a drizzle to a steady downpour; tired and full, he found himself ready to turn in.  Thanking Mrs. Hudson again, he helped her clear the table (“I’ll load them just this time,” she’d said as she rinsed and placed the dishes in the dishwasher -- “not
Grumbling, Anderson went about separating the witnesses and began taking their statements.  Most of Barbara’s fellow teachers sat on the ground, nursing water bottles and wiping themselves off with towels provided by the event marshalls.  Sherlock avoided Anderson and talked to each witness separately.  One he skipped completely.  John couldn’t hear what he was asking them, but he was amused by the facial expressions they made in response.  Further away, racers were towelling off, still screeching and hooting.  Some had even started to leave.
He ran around to an opening in the greenery just in time to see Sherlock tackle the man to the ground.  Donovan was right behind him.  “That’s about enough of that,” John heard her say as he jogged over.
I cannot resist -- back at it I go, with my whole mouth.  I nibble, suck, swipe my tongue around until John wiggles and says my name in a way that tells me to hurry it up.  Be patient, John.  Let me be thorough. I am enjoying myself.  Immensely.  I know he wants more, but I am content to tease his rim for a while, fucking him with my tongue before I use my fingers.
They sat for a long while quietly, as the fountain gurgled and the birds came to shake their feathers in the spray.  “I like it here,” said Molly.  “This place has seen its share of sadness, from what I’ve been told.  And I’m going to miss it when they sell it off.  I don’t have much to call my own, you know. But when I’m working in the stables, or the vegetable garden...it’s like my own little piece of the planet.  Well, not mine, really, but entrusted to me.  Borrowed for a while.  It feels like home.”  She blew air out her nose in a little snuffle before finishing her bottle.  “And he doesn’t even know what’s under his nose.”
John likes just about anything in the bedroom but particularly enjoys slow and languorous fellatio that ends with my index finger teasing his hole.  My favourite is when John takes me from behind, when I can feel his balls slap against mine.
“To be honest,” said John, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t interrupt, “I’m really curious about the art of massage.  I was shot in the shoulder a few years ago and have a bit of a dodgy leg.  I did some physio a while ago, but haven’t kept it up.  Willing to try something new to help through the rough patches.  I’m a doctor and would really like to give accurate advice when my patients ask whether massage is truly therapeutic.  Sherlock here - well, he can just never seem to relax.”
“Any other places that seem to trouble you?” asked James after he’d moved on from John’s right foot and began the same process with the left.
“Well, then, stop asking.  Since when did you care? But did you see her face when you said you wanted to watch?”  John laughed.
By the light of a small table lamp, they undressed each other slowly, reverently, pushing buttons through holes and unzipping trousers with gentle, shaking fingers.
“Oh, just an old chemistry textbook.  Came with the lot.  Useless, really.  Some overeager young lad wrote all over most of the pages.”  He handed the book to John.
“Oooh, there it is.  She’s lovely,” croons Moriarty as he traces his index finger round the rim of the horn.  “So this is the infamous tuba of Baker Street.”
John waited to hear the door downstairs close before he took his spot across from Sherlock to eat his scone - they were delicious -  and pour himself tea.
John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart around.  “Your faces are all blue,” he said to the other runners.  “Hers is yellow.  Why is she yellow?”  His voice trailed off but he continued to murmur under his breath, looking from one person to the other in quick succession.
Lestrade hadn’t been kidding about the ivy.  John had been grappling with the stuff for three quarters of an hour.  After making sure Lestrade was occupied elsewhere, he went in search of the door to the garden.  He thought about just going back to the Holmes’ room and surveying the garden walls from there, but thought better of it.  He’d have to go past Sherlock, who would probably catch him at it and then he would be stuck explaining what he was doing.  He could probably just ask the man, but they’d just met, after all, and, although he was interesting, John wasn’t sure that he really wanted to get closer to yet someone else with addiction and psychological problems.  His sister was plenty, thank you very much.
.  Oh, don’t look at me like that.  It’s not that difficult.  I wasn’t splicing chromosomes or anything.  Just very selective cultivation and cross-pollination done by hand.  Lestrade’s out there trying to get it to bloom and he’s been doing it all wrong.  Tea?”
John’s mouth was too occupied to respond, but he was filled with knowledge that he had complete control over Sherlock at the moment, the man who never trusted anyone but himself, the man who loathed the touch of others, was allowing him to perform this most intimate of acts... That knowledge was electric, heady.
They sat in silence for a while before Sherlock said, “I didn’t know you cared that much about my appearance.” A smile played across his mouth.
John, though curious, stayed clear of the office while the Holmes brothers decided what should be done with the family estate.  He eventually got the scoop from a teary-eyed Mrs. Hudson, who told him that Holmes Hall would be offered for sale at the end of July with a guide price of £ 13,000,000.
They’re quiet as John practices the steps.  Sherlock tries to concentrate on enjoying the moment and not fretting about the upcoming nuptials.  He’s at war with himself: on one hand, he’s horribly jealous, but on the other, he wants John to be happy.
about sex; he can deduce who is sleeping with whom within the first 60 seconds of looking at a person, knows the signs of sex gone sour, secret affairs, deviant behaviour, paraphilia.  And Sherlock certainly knows that he had sex appeal and how to use it to get just about anything he wants except for honest companionship.  He speaks of emotional entanglements with disdain, sentiment with sarcasm, and sex with disgust.
“It makes sense,” Sherlock said after they’d sat there for quite some time, close together on the stone bench.  “He jostled the ladder.  Panicked.  Realised he may have left prints.  Removed his shoes, looked around and saw the stones.  Dumped them in the pond, fled.”
“I highly doubt someone would expire simply from depilation, John,” said Sherlock dryly.  “Tell me what you see.”
illustrated with gorgeous photography.  It’d ended up in the room of a girl he’d been regularly studying (and having casual sex) with.  They drank several pints, tried several poses, and gave it all up in favour of their old standby (her-on-top).  The images had stayed with him long after the girl had: bodies purposefully posed for pleasure, but also for aesthetics.  A still picture was just as arousing to him as a video.  An intimate moment, frozen forever.
“No, really, Sherlock, stop.”  John mustered all of his strength and pulled Sherlock’s face back so he could see his eyes.  “As much as I am enjoying myself, we’ve got to get out.  It’s going to be morning soon, I’m so keyed up that I’m about to add my DNA to this pool, and I’m sure there’s Epsom salts in this water, so if you keep at my neck like that, you’re likely to get a miserable case of diarrhea.”
“Hmm.  There’s a pressure, and then a yielding.  It’s exquisite.  I’m very sensitive there.  Would you like to find out?”
John checked his watch.  “I’ve got to work in the morning.  Let’s get dinner cleared up and you can get started.  Maybe you can at least find how old they are tonight and see if they’re even from the right time period.  I’ll call Stamford and if everything looks good, you can come into Leeds with me tomorrow and use the lab while I’m at work.”
John sighed, pulled off and unzipped his backpack, and handed one over.  Sherlock shrugged out of his jacket, rolled up his sleeve, and slapped it on.  They sat there in silence, the leaves rustling overhead as the breeze blew.  John tossed down a few more pebbles and was considering getting up to keep exploring when Sherlock started talking.
“Shh.”  Sherlock nuzzled at the skin between John’s leg and groin.  John could feel Sherlock’s stubble, just sandpaper, rub against his leg, felt his breath coming fast and hot over his skin.  “Stop talking.  I’m watching your scrotum.”
God it feels good.  “Not long,” I manage.  My testicles actually ache.  It’s been six days.  I’m afraid I’ve grown rather fond of sex, my body getting accustomed to fairly regular orgasms.  The brain craves its hormone bath, the body yearns for its lover’s touch.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.  See ya ‘round, Jackie,” he called to the barman, who raised a glass he was washing in a goodbye salute.
“He has nowhere left to go.  He doesn’t know it yet, but he was evicted from his flat a week ago.  None of his relatives can stand him, he has no friends, and what little money he has left is in my control.”  Mycroft’s expression softened a little.  “Besides, he’d never admit it, but he doesn’t mind it here.  It’s quiet.  He likes quiet once and awhile.  His head gets...noisy.”
Bracing his right hand against the wall, John strokes himself, his hand moving quickly over his himself, down to pull at his balls, back up again.  The scent of Sherlock’s conditioner hangs in the humid air, evoking memories of times he’s smelled it before: during stakeouts when they’re sharing tight spaces, or clinging to the Union Jack pillow.  Water drips down his nose, into his open mouth.  He spreads his legs for stability and arches into his hand.  The bath feels warm under his feet, as if he’s standing in the exact same position as Sherlock had a few minutes earlier, for this was undoubtedly what the detective must have been doing, those long, dextrous fingers wrapped around the length of his penis, his right hand, though.  Maybe his left had slipped back to tease his hole.  Sherlock had actually been pleasuring himself, like all men do once in a while when their bodies
“Don’t look at me like that.  Of course.  Just because he’s…” --Lestrade flapped a hand as he searched for the right word-- “...idiosyncratic... doesn’t mean he doesn’t feel things like the rest of us.”
Mr. Campbell ran his hand over his bald head.  “Sally Donovan.  Sally.  Black girl?  Woman now, I suppose.  Nice looking?”
and you want to be in the same room as I am while a beautiful woman fondles my feet!  What does it look like?"
After, my heart is back where it belongs, my cock a simple penis once more.  John lies on his back, arms under his head.  I curl to his side, place my head on his shoulder.  I can smell him best this way, can listen to the thump of his heart.
“What on earth are you doing?”  John asks, balancing between extreme annoyance and complete bewilderment.  He’s too tired to figure it out.
“You’ll solve it.”  John swallowed.  He’d never seen Sherlock so unsure of himself.  The confident swagger he’d seen at Winnicott Hall was replaced with hesitation and doubt.  “If anyone can, you will.”
“He was intentionally infected with the bacteria that causes benign inoculation lymphoreticulosis, commonly known as cat scratch fever.”
John carried the box to the hall where he placed it with the rest of the giveaways, bid farewell to Mrs. Hudson, and picked up the box of miscellany he thought Sherlock would like.  He was halfway up the stairs when the tattered brown suitcase caught his eye again.  In a completely impulsive move, John opened the box of dance costumes and removed the fur muff.  He tucked it inside his own box, and, feeling slightly guilty, carried the lot upstairs.
Every Tuesday he visited his counsellor, Ella.  Deep down he knew that he needed it, and never missed an appointment, but it was hard to connect. He spent a good deal of time each session threatening to leave because so far, she had done nothing for him and he wasn't feeling better. And he wasn't doing much in the space between visits. So much empty time. Like blank pages in a diary...or a computer screen, the cursor just blinking and blinking and blinking...
John turned, startled, and nearly ran into a heavy-set man struggling to catch up with him.  “John!  Mike Stamford.  From Barts!  I got fat, I know.   What brings you up here?”
The morning went by quickly, but his afternoon paperwork was dreadfully boring, even if it was punctuated with brief texts from Sherlock throughout.  John wrapped up for the day around 4pm, got himself a latte at the cafe on the corner by the surgery, and walked to Jimmy’s.  August was right around the corner, and the late afternoon heat was enough to make him reconsider purchasing a hot coffee.  He had been so wrapped up in the case the past two days that he’d nearly forgotten the fact that Holmes Hall would officially go on the market in just under a week.  Even if the house sold the first week, there would be enough paperwork and official business during the conveyancing process that the buyers wouldn’t take ownership for a few months at least.  Both he and Sherlock felt the pressure of finishing up, of figuring out what exactly happened to Archibald Holmes.  The house had always been a summer place for Sherlock, associated with long, quiet days, blooming flowers, heat. When summer went, the Holmeses went with it.
“Ta.  Now,” he said, hoisting himself from the comfortable bed, “I booked us in for dinner tonight, regardless of whether you’re eating.  We’ve got three hours.  Let’s go and check out this spa.”
He tried to see beyond the curtain a bit more; Sherlock wasn’t in the salon area there.  The place had three floors, however; he likely was somewhere else, having wormed his way into this strange wonderland of feminine smells and sounds.  John continued trying to busy himself with products - it was only a matter of time before the pretty salesgirl would be back - when he found himself in front of a section entitled “massage”, written in pretty lavender script on expensive stationary set next to a little pile of smooth stones.  Somehow the bottles, dark in color with fancy labels, reminded him of beer bottles.  He wouldn’t mind a nice cold lager right there and then.
It’s dark now, and the lights are reflecting off the rain that’s running in yellow-tinted rivulets down the windows, and Sherlock feels as if they are sheltered, cut off from the rest of the world.  John’s body language is hard to read: on the one hand, he’s relaxed, sitting with his legs apart, arm over the back of the seat, his hand close to Sherlock’s head.  Something’s troubling him, however.  He’s nervous, sending little glances Sherlock’s way, looking as if he’s going to speak and then cutting himself off.
Halfway through wondering if both of them could fit into the bathtub at 221b Baker Street, the bathroom door opened and Sherlock strode out, still gloriously hard.
Sherlock knitted those eyebrows together, the little wrinkle forming horizontally between them.  “Should I?  They are rather sizeable.”
John grumbled about how many clothes Sherlock actually owned.  It turned out he had three times the amount he’d kept at Holmes Hall; at least a dozen perfectly tailored designer suits, twenty or so formal shirts in shades that complimented his skin and eyes, and at least three silk dressing gowns that John had found so far.  He was afraid he was going to have to move most of his clothing to the two rooms upstairs.  Either that, or the three unpacked boxes full of “clothing to be used for disguise” were going to have to be relocated.
And to all of you, dear readers, who have given me so much wonderful feedback.  I hope you find this story fulfilling, although this chapter doesn't end on a positive note.  Don't worry; it will all be resolved, and very, very soon.  Like the next chapter.  Promise.  I cannot wait to share it with you.  :)
“Stop, stop!” John shouted, coming up for air before he was pulled under the water again and pinched soundly on the bum.  He managed to kick Sherlock away, and they came up a few feet apart. “Stop it, you dickhead!  I won fair and square.”
“My knife,” said John, peeking under the gauze at the flap of skin.  It extended from his first knuckle to nearly his fingernail.  It would take a while to heal, he thought, and he’d have to keep the finger fairly straight until it scabbed over, maybe a week or so.  He’d have to snag a finger splint from work.  How irritating.
I might be rutting against John’s arse.  If so, I cannot help it.  I’m always aroused in the mornings if I wake up next to him.  He wiggles a bit, then rolls onto his back and puts his arm over his eyes. I rearrange myself so I can rest my head in his armpit.
John reached up to Sherlock’s right pectoral, where a good-sized strip was stuck to his skin, and ripped.
“Well, I’m not retiring yet,” Sherlock says.  “But…”  He thinks, looks to John and back to her.  “We still have the upstairs room.  You’ll need to take the tube to get to school, but if you wanted to…”
They stood there awkwardly for a moment.  John wondered if Sherlock would come straight out and ask to see what was left of his shoulder, but he didn’t.  How long Sherlock had been in the pool area?  Was he seeking company and didn’t know how to ask for it?  He clearly was not possessed of the most basic social skills; either that, or he chose to ignore them most of the time.  Maybe he’d wanted to swim, too, but felt uncomfortable sharing the pool with John.  Was he being polite and keeping his distance, offering John some privacy in light of his injury?  Whatever the reason, John found he wasn’t honestly bothered that Sherlock had been lurking.  Next time he went swimming, John decided he’d simply ask Sherlock if he’d like to come along.
She flops back in her chair.  He can feel the frustration rolling off her -- Sherlock says he does the same thing, gives off the same vibe.  “You don’t talk,” she sulks.  “You evade.  Selectively ignore.”
Also, thanks to my friend Bettyswallocks who reads all of my things and told me my first attempt at this was shit. Well, not shit, but she “wasn’t feeling it” so I scrapped it and started over.  And Canolacrush, who spent probably, oh, 14 hours editing this.  Seriously.  What a trooper.  Any errors you find are the result of me failing to fix something she’s pointed out.
“The vast majority of people on this planet are idiots,” added Sherlock waving his hand around to designate everyone in the general vicinity, John included.
“Dangerous?”  John was actually looking forward to some action - it had been a while since they ran anyone down on foot, been beaten up, or shot at.
I can tell him with words, but I find it easier to tell him this way, to show him how much he affects me, body and mind. So I lavish my attention between his cheeks, very slowly licking him before applying my entire mouth to kiss his anus like I would his mouth.  I run the tip of my tongue around the rim, listen to him sigh.  I fuck him with as much of my tongue as I can, tasting him, filling my mouth and nose with his scent.  I press my tongue against his perineum, worrying that tight skin.  Slowly, he relaxes.  That beloved ring of muscle begins to kiss back, twitching against my tongue.  If I push inside, John will moan.
“You know, I was really concerned.  About the drugs,” John acknowledged.   I’m always going to worry.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, having figured it out, and his mouth fell open.  John could see his pulse beating in his throat.  But he did it, and as John kneeled next to the bed, heaving Sherlock’s long legs over his shoulders, he began to tremble.
“Especially in your case, as I am a man and you have no prior experiences with male sexual partners.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him from his place at the kitchen table.  “Say what you mean,  John.  Have intercourse?”
Sherlock smiled smugly.  “Public school is an excellent place for building a repertoire of low-brow humour.  And I enjoy insulting my brother at any opportunity.”
“YES!” shouted John, sounding for all the world like an excited teenager.  “YES! Take that, arsehole!”
“You were in the garden that day, weren’t you, Mr. Owens?” said Sherlock, abandoning his examination of the bookshelves and beginning to circle Owens.  John stood at the ready, feeling the tension in the room thicken.  He honestly had no clue what either man would do.  Owens was looking like a cornered animal and Sherlock had a look of manic loathing not unlike the one he had when John first met him, sweating and shaking through the discomforts of withdrawal.  He couldn’t imagine what Sherlock must be feeling, face-to-face with the man who killed his father.
“Why?” Sherlock says to the offending thing, and for the life of him, John can’t figure out a proper reply.  Why indeed?  Why are there lollies?  Why did someone decide long ago to affix a sugary circle of confectionery to a stick?  Is it phallic?  What’s wrong with simply popping a boiled sweet into one’s mouth?  Is that Sherlock’s lolly?  Does he even like lollies?  Why green?  He likes purple ones, honestly.  That fake lime flavouring is horrible.  But the blackcurrant.  The blackcurrant is good.  It tastes like purple.  Purple is good.
Here, in the bedroom, my penis becomes “cock”.  It becomes “prick”.  Here, intercourse becomes “fucking” and “lovemaking.”
John felt just as confused as Owens probably did, then belatedly realised he was supposed to play along with the charade. He and Sherlock would definitely need to work out a better communication system.
John knew, though, sadly, that it would never be enough.  Sex and love just went together for him, they
Sherlock leans in.  Looks at John’s lips, and then gives his own a good licking, since that seems to be John’s way of communicating intent.
John abandoned his dripping cock and flung his arms backward, clinging to Sherlock as they shuddered together.  He turned his head back for a kiss; Sherlock’s mouth met his, their lips dry from panting.
Sherlock shook his head.  He looked profoundly sad.  “Not just any flower, John.  My father had wanted me to help him.  I snubbed him.  It would have been my rose.”
John let out a laugh.  “New shampoo, I guess.  Okay, so you have to hear what Sherlock did now...”  He spun the story the same way he would have on his blog.  John was a good storyteller, although Sherlock was always criticising his penchant for flowery prose or over-exaggeration.  “Why waste the time with the
Sherlock lifted his hand from the arm of the chair.  He must have touched himself for the hand returned, wet and slippery, to John’s thigh.  “I’m practically dripping,” he said, panting now.  “Phenomenal...prostate...unh...stimulation.”
“The first week I knew you I had four.  I re-discovered masturbation within the month.  I have fantasies about you that I’m dying to act out.  I am
Mrs. Turner was always observant, even if it was late and she and Mrs. Hudson had perhaps had one too many glasses of wine during their evening soiree.  They strolled up Baker Street arm-in-arm, as they did when they were young and reckless, in their dancing days. And then, when they were nearly at Mrs Hudson’s door, Mrs Turner paused. Something out of the ordinary had captured her attention and she s had to see what it was. She promised herself that she simply could not take in one more stray, but it was a poor, injured kitten out here in this awful cold, well.
When Sherlock finally returned late that night, John apologised.  Sherlock nodded but said nothing and then disappeared into his room.
gravitate towards Sherlock, in spite of his personality quirks, bad habits, and frankly atrocious manners.
was affected by it, like each of his hair follicles was coming, too.  Well, maybe not coming, but twitching, or...something.  It was hard to pinpoint when every part of him seemed to be spasming in pleasure.  Fuck-ing hell.
I don’t know the exact physiological mechanism by which it works.  A kinky cerebral switchboard operator, redirecting the nerve signals from unpleasant odour to fragrant bouquet.  Sexual attraction is another alchemist, and a perverse one at that, transmuting the unpalatable to the divine.
“Well, when they sell this place, I’d like...I’d really like to go back to London.  Get my MRCP qualification, and then who knows?  It’s funny, you’ll laugh, but I’ve always wanted to work at Barts.”
Mycroft crossed his arms and looks up at Sherlock. “Let’s get my brother down before he hurts himself.”
Mycroft was a bit angry at John pushing him away from his brother after getting him down from the tree. “There was no need to push me away. I would have done the same but alas he might be better off being with you for this time being. If Lestrade would not yell at me about this entire situation I would have gotten him a cure.”
Sherlock started to blink the sleep away from his eyes and subsequently widened them. John brought his hand away from Sherlock’s chest and hugged him. “I’m glad you are alright; you look perfectly fine to me, save for that bump on the top of your head. I will get some ice for that if you want.”
“...another but I think there is no need to repeat it. Call me if you figure something out, otherwise I say you should head back to sleep, after all, you both have a long day ahead.” John blinked, shaking out of his sleepy trance, and smiled back even though he hadn’t had a clue about what Lestrade had told him.
John’s eyes widen in extreme shock and fear about Sherlock's safety. “Why the hell did he not tell me any of this!”
Sherlock on the other hand was having a great time hanging off the large oak. Once in his well, he guessed short life he was having fun. Most of what everyone has been telling him was nothing special, that large man wants him to get down. He wished his mother, whoever she may be, was here instead of just telling him to get down. “Alright, I am coming down.”
“Just keep your chin up for now John you are going to be the only one that could fix this but feel free to call me when needed you have my number.”
John takes his hand off Sherlock just in utter shock. ‘How in all of the universe can this even happen.’
Both men started to laugh knowing how much Sherlock loved what he was doing. Both could not get enough of him, he was just amazing. Mycroft knew a bit about it, but it was nothing special to him, more of just something to keep his brother on his toes.
John walks up next to Sherlock and pets him. “Calm down buddy it is just your brother coming by for a visit no need for you to be clawing at your own door down over that.”
Stepping through the door into her flat it was cozy, not too big and not too small just right. Just being in the air made him feel like he was home. Looking around he spots a table toward the back with a checkered cloth on him and a small baby blue vase upon it holding a small batch of white flowers. “Sherlock, do not be afraid to come in and grab a seat, tea will be done shortly.”
“Hey, I know a small shop with ice cream and walls of candy, that might take care of his craving. Just follow me but after we get there, I will have to leave to head back to the station. It looks like I got something small to take care of.” Greg pulls out his phone checking the text he had gotten from his boss. Seemed like he would have to drop them off and head back to Scotland yard sooner than he hoped.
Mycroft sighs. “God, you sound like mother. Just being overprotective as much as I have been for most of his life.”
Sherlock sits back in the chair and starts to slip on the shoes without messing too much with the laces. Slipping them on he wiggles his toes making sure they were just right.
Picking up the case that had been resting on the cream-coloured carpet, Sherlock started to check the sides of the case and the small golden latches that rested on top of it to make sure it was sealed. He observed some scratches on the surface of the case, making it look like a feisty cat had sunk its claws into the case. He noticed something very peculiar dripping out of it. It was different from the chemicals within each of the vials - for one, it was an angry shade of red. Hmmm… Sherlock wondered. He brought his finger to that particular spot and dragged it across the leak, and jerked his hand back when it started to sting. A papercut?
“God... that hurt.” That fall finally woke him up enough to see where he was going. He then propped himself up again and climbed to his feet, trying to make it over to that door. He grabbed the golden round knob and turned it, taking a peek outside. Lestrade was at the door, seeming rather anxious to tell John some news. John shut the door again, removed the chain lock, and opened the door fully.
Sherlock’s phone buzzes. Still sitting upon the table as if nothing happened to it. He walks over to it and picks it up, seeing a text from Mycroft. “Why am I texting myself? Must be important matters then.”
Sherlock starts to think, ‘This Mrs. Hudson lady she is very nice and caring I wonder if that’s why I ended up here in the first place.’
“Seems like we have some development now. One in a more particular direction wouldn’t you say John.”
Mycroft is shaken a bit by the slam not expecting it to happen at all along with holding a cup of tea close to his face ready to drink some of it dripped off the sides of the small cup landing on the plate it sat upon. “Well, this better be good, I almost spilled my tea.”
The blogger could already feel the start of a migraine, as he unfolded his arms and pinched the bridge of his nose, sighing heavily. “We aren’t talking about this again. Ever. Get off the ground, you’ve already caused me enough panic, and it isn’t even 9 in the morning yet. Looks like today is going to be a mess.” He reached out a hand to help the detective up.
“Great, now he thinks he is a kid.” John was not pleased with the whole event now he just wanted this to all end, but still, he was willing to put up with it for as long as he could. Really, he just wanted to get his Sherlock back, not one that just attached himself to whoever he sees.
“Well, at least my brother dropped me a text before I headed over here. He indeed did say that he was confused about the properties of these chemicals, and their investigations lead to no verifiable or explainable conclusions.”
John starts to calm down knowing it might just be Sherlock. Looking around the flat he spots a shaking table and what looks like a scared Sherlock, something John has never seen. John starts to speak with a soft tone in his voice. “Sherlock come out from under there, it’s alright.”
“That is what I want to know about John as well. I would let him try out more of this unknown chemical, but I have no idea what it might be further than what we have seen now.”
“I could cook you something if you like. I know you do not eat that often and it would be my treat.” Sherlock smiles a bit.
Sherlock blinked again, and an unexplainable sensation welled up in him. He started feeling different, as if… as if his mind had attached itself to the idea of something... He sat up and glanced over at John. “Sherlock, how did I get over here and why am I wearing your clothing?”
Letting out a yawn, he held onto the door to keep himself from falling over. “...Alright, see you later. I’ll make sure to call you later if anything... goes wrong.” Lestrade started to walk off to the stairs and waved back at John before heading down. John slowly shut the door to his flat, somehow still managing to hold on to the briefcase.
John tries his best to cover up and make everything seem normal for the time being. “Sh... John, you said nothing wrong I’m... I’m just tired from the store.”
Sherlock zones off going into what was left of the mind palace. Just endless darkness surrounds him. Not a single door or staircase of any sort just complete darkness. Within this dark mind palace is a cardboard box. A large one that you could find behind any supermarket you go to. Looking down in this box it has a large range of pictures from everyone he knew before his memory loss. He spots two pictures glowing in a gold tint lighting up the darkness bringing warmth to him. Setting the box down on the ground he grabs both pictures out and comes out of his mind palace a whole new person.
At that, John nodded back, grinning widely before heading back to his bedroom to put his gun away. Shouting from his bedroom, John reminded his friend, “Hey, call me if anything happens?”
Sherlock squirmed, an aching pain ringing through him as he slumbered uncomfortably. John rushed back with the dripping rag.
“Again, I will have to keep this at the top of my daily tasks, my brother is just as important as this nation if not more. I started this and I will get him back even if it takes weeks or what I least expect months.”
John runs over and grabs Sherlock’s arm pulling it along with him. “I know just how are we going to fix you and all you need is that box of yours.”
Something’s wrong. John rushed past the chairs and ran toward the kitchen. There on the floor, covered in books and a red liquid, was Sherlock, out cold.
At that, John attempted to recall whatever Lestrade had told him, but his mind kept drawing a blank. He shrugged. “Nope. I have no idea what he told me. All I know is that Mycroft and his scientists couldn’t figure anything out, so he sent this to you to find out more about it.”
Inside this complex, Sherlock was working on his experiments within his flat, having skipped another night’s worth of sleep, this time experimenting on some bone tissue. He was mixing all sorts of chemicals, regardless of acidity or level of explosiveness, on the kitchen table. John, on the other hand, was fast asleep upstairs in his own flat. That is, he was fast asleep until the sound of a bang at the door echoed throughout the small room.
Both shake each other’s hands certifying the bet. John finally picks up the phone and puts it on speaker.
Sherlock pops around the corner to the two. “Sherlock’s right. Sorry to bother you with your dispute but I would like your help.”
Sherlock keeps struggling out of John’s grasp till he breaks free at the top of the stairs making a run for the outside.
“This. All of this! You got me dragged into this mess with your little briefcase. Well, I am not having any of this if you are not going to fix him!”
John has no words on what to say for him this is the strangest thing he has ever seen in his history as a doctor. He puts a finger up then sticks it down again in hesitation. Sherlock is wondering what got him to act up over a phone call. “John, I know you trust Sherlock with your personal thoughts, but can you explain to me how I got here and why my outfit has changed.”
“Hey Greg, just do not worry about it. It will be alright, you have done it all without us a few times, I think you can manage. When Sherlock gets back I will not mention this to him. I do not want to get his hopes down about being out for weeks on end. You know what happened the last time he got sick, he just begged to come in.” John started to chuckle at just sherlock wanting to do that one case so bad with the four murder victims. Even when sick you can never keep that man away from anything.
“I knew you were going to ask him out sometime. No need to get angry at me John over it just be happy you said something.”
Sherlock places his hand on his head just trying to keep it up. “God my head. Sherlock. Brother please just calm it down.”
Sherlock lets out a small yip in agreement and starts to wag again. John walks over to the corner and waves him over around the corner. He follows right behind John trotting somewhat like skipping to John. Mycroft follows a bit behind, shutting the door behind him and setting his umbrella down next to the white trim that surrounds the door.
He pulled his head back up. “Weird… Did Mycroft forget to tell me something?” He grabbed his phone and set it next to his case in case a text came in from John or his brother.
John grew slightly incensed, crossing his arms and tapping his foot. “Well, yeah! I’m sorry that I forgot you were coming over and thought that you were some robber, why were you even making so much noise, anyway?”
“It is not my fault! We both were not watching him before he left the flat and all it takes is just one little idea for him to run off as he did!”
“Better than I thought. On the other note, I am coming over to check up on him and pick up the briefcase. With it in the wrong hands, it’s not going to be Sherlock in this state but countless others.”
“I just came back from shopping and now the food has gone bad at this point due to this whole mess.”
Sherlock clasped John’s hand, propping himself up and brushing the dust off his form. “Thank-you. Now, can we get to the details of the chemicals in this case? Did Lestrade tell you anything?”
John let out a tired groan and lifted his head from his fluffy memory foam pillow. He turned his head to look at the alarm clock, and it read ten past five - earlier than when he usually woke up. He groggily flipped over his form onto his back, looking up at the cream sealings of his small bedroom trying to focus on the beams of light that shone on it from the small window.
Down at the park, Sherlock is hanging down from a large oak tree the biggest one within the park, made it seem like it was the achievement that made this park stand out within London. With a soda within Sherlock's two hands with a small white striped bendy straw Greg and his german shepherd at the base of the tree staring up at him, Greg wondering what the hell he got into now.
Sherlock started to feel empty looking down at his hands he rests his heart on his hand feeling every small beat it makes. ‘My heart it’s sad. Why do I feel this way? Do I need to feel loved like the puppies on the t.v? Is that what is missing is that who I am?’
Sherlock looks down at John and hugs him. “Do not worry mister whatever may be troubling you, I hope you can fix it soon.”
“If this ends up in the wrong hands at all or if you lose my little brother all of London could fall and we would have no idea.”
John looked down at the case behind Sherlock’s feet, concern starting to rise in him. This case… Perhaps there was more to it than it seemed?
“I trust my brother with this important experiment, and I knew it was a heap of trouble but not to a degree he would forget everything.”
“My brother of mine is an interesting character. One that can compare to no other and I say he has met a good friend along the way. One that has his own stories to tell along with keeping him in check. I salute you John Watson you have done him well.”
“Just tell him to stay put we will be there shortly.” John hangs up the phone and they both head down to the park.
“All you had to do is not given that briefcase to Greg and none of this would not happen. You could have tested this down at Baskerville they work with this stuff all of the time.”
“John. Yeah, I was going on a walk with one of my new trainer shepherds and I hear this rusting in the tree above me, and bam! This branch falls it almost hits me in the head.”
“Hey, you two quit fighting, Sherlock right now just needs a bit of guidance. Mycroft, you do need to get your lab to fix up something for Sherlock or you are going to be stuck with him like this for who knows how long and well me as well. Greg, I know you want to yell at Mycroft about all of this but again I do not want to scare Sherlock off.”
John is ignoring to answer Sherlock's question and walks into the kitchen to text Mycroft. Sherlock gets up from the couch and wobbles a bit holding his head then gaining back his balance. The windows in the room catch his interest like a moth on a flame. He starts to walk toward them and has a peek outside.
After somehow surviving the seemingly long trip back to his bedroom, he slipped his feet out of his slippers and flopped onto his large navy green comforter, worming his way under the sheets and letting his eyes flutter shut, embracing the comforts of sleep once more.
Greg was really confused about the whole thing he never had seen sherlock act like this before. He expected that sherlock got into this mess himself but then it dawns on him, the suitcase. The suitcase Mycroft wants Sherlock to test. “Mycroft what the hell did you do to him! You told me it was something minor, not a mind-altering whatever you put into that case!”
John started to snore in his bedroom down the hall, causing Sherlock to snicker at the loud sound, before clamping his mouth shut when he remembered that the blogger was sleeping in the next room. Unfortunately, John woke up upon hearing that sound. “Hello? Is someone... there?”
John puts his hand on his face before dragging it down and letting out a huff. “Well at least he is back now but we need to figure out why he has this box Mycroft. It could bring back Sherlock.”
Hearing the blogger’s weary-laced voice, Sherlock startled, dropping the heavy case that he was holding right on his socked feet as he was opening it. Oh god, that hurt! He bit down on his hand to muffle the sound of pain that was threatening to spill out of his mouth. The chemical contents of the case fell out onto the ground, the glass tubes somehow not cracking (to the detective’s relief) but scattered and rolled across the ground. Exhaling sharply, he backed away quickly from the vials so as to not step on them.
It was an early cloudy morning outside 221B Baker Street. The dark puffy cotton ball clouds had already started to creep in over the small street, showing signs of rain later that morning. The street was starting to bustle with the rush of early morning workers. Daily pedestrians were walking around grabbing food at Speedy’s and other nearby restaurants. Little did the people of this street know, something strange was going to happen to apartment 221B. Not the sort of strange you might know or expect, but one that could be considered fun, in a way.
“Lestrade gave you something from my brother and I will be coming by in a bit to get it, leave it where you are now. Yes, I know where you keep the spare key. Go back to sleep.”
Mycroft starts to look around the room trying to spot anything odd like any drips in the ceiling or if the wooden floorboards were different than before, but nothing stood out to him at all, unlike the lab. Walking along to the rest of the flat he noticed Sherlock’s mess of papers and the carpet moved must have been him running to the door just like a natural dog would do. Looking around the corner there was his brother's head hanging over the arm of his chair. His eyes looked a bit droopy as he was ready to take a long nap. Just it made Mycroft smile a bit just remembering the long summer days and just Sherlock sleeping most days away after just reading as much as he could about the world. He walks over grabbing one of the wooden chairs left around in the flat and he sets it in between both of John’s and Sherlock’s chairs.
Mycroft looks over at his brother on all fours and his tongue just out for all to see. “Let me guess he thinks he is a dog now...”
Sherlock stays seated in his chair while they both go talk. Mycroft and John walk around the corner toward the front door. John covers his mouth letting out a muffled scream making Mycroft flinch a bit.
Smiling like a child on Christmas he picks up the sandwich and starts to eat it. He just starts to let his mouth water while eating it just making him even happier enjoying the little things in life.
Toward the large iron bar gated entrance of the park a group of boys not much older than ten years old. Each of them was tossing around a big rubber red playground ball among the fresh wet dew-covered grass. One of the boys slips over onto the grass as the ball starts to roll over to Sherlock. Sherlock still pondering on what John’s name was before the ball tapped the top of his brown loafers.
Greg nods back and turns over to john. “I will make sure I do not contact you john for the time being till sherlock is fixed. God this is going to be hard without a second hand around, he does most of the harder cases for me and most of my top cannot do it without him.”
He eventually managed to get the key out of the small hole, dropping it on the wooden floor with a small huff. A ‘clink’ sounded throughout the upper floor of the building, causing Sherlock to pause and brace for the moment John woke up. He looked around at the other doors within the vicinity of John’s flat, and let out a deep breath as he proceeded to pick up the key to open the door of the small flat.
Mycroft crosses his arms and smiles letting out a huff thinking it was funny. John rolls his eyes to the response.
Sherlock wipes the small tears from his eyes, grateful that the short guy was there to comfort him. He looked over at him and smiled a bit. “T-Thank you m-mister.”
“Oh, God!” John ran over to Sherlock and pulled him out from the books and dragged him over to the couch at the back of Sherlock’s flat. He propped him up with a pillow and rushed back to the kitchen to grab a cold wet rag to clean off the red substance.
Their account is Cr4ftingfiction check them out if you have time and share some support for them as well.
John’s phone starts to ring. Pulling it out of his pocket it was Greg calling. “Mycroft let’s make a bet.”
Mrs. Hudson starts to set down the tiny cups on the table and starts to pour the tea. “Well, um that’s the thing miss. I really have no idea who I am and who you are again.”
John pinches the bridge nose till it turns red. “How the hell do I even get him to do anything normal with him changing just like this!”
John looks back at Sherlock just swinging his legs back and forth having a great time. He starts to think about the old Sherlock a bit. ‘He has never been this carefree before it must just be great taking a break from being a hivemind all the time.’
Mycroft hands over a small green iPod to John, it looked a bit stranger than what your typical iPod looks like. It looked like it was covered in cracks from dried-out sanded cooking within a hot summer heat. Flipping it over to view the back the pattern continued the back as well with one interesting large black square that covered the logo. “If he ever gets lost again if he listens to any of the songs on here it will track his biometrics. That is what the black bar on the back is.”
Sherlock puts the phone back on the table and starts to wander around the flat interested in where he is now. He spots John sleeping in his chair snoring slightly but deep within a dream. Sherlock starts to wonder. ‘Who is that and where am I. I think that person on the phone said there was a t.v here somewhere too.’
John allowed a rather big yawn overcome him for a moment, and stood there registering the news until his eyes widened. “...What kind of issues?” Concern started to emerge from his slackened features. If Mycroft Holmes couldn’t deal with it, it must be something that you couldn’t underestimate.
So this little fic has reached over 300 readers I just want to give a huge thanks to you all for reading this fic of mine.
Pushing some test tubes and vials away, the detective set the case down on the table. He ought to clean it up a bit, he thought to himself… For a table that size, it really seemed like he should not be able to even find anything on it, but the man was somehow able to locate anything he left there without a problem. Before opening the case, he walked to his room to find a pair of socks to keep the noise down while he was working, and after fishing out a pair of old white tube socks with red and blue stripes from the small olive dressers next to his bed, he slipped them on. Nodding at the fact that they still fitted after not wearing them for a while, he headed back to the kitchen to start the experiment.
“What mess and when did you get here mister? You want to try this soda it’s really good I have been drinking it for well I’m not sure really.”
Sherlock got himself down the tree it took a little bit but, in that process, he lost his soda. The soda fell out of his grip as he tried to climb down it hit the grass with a ‘thud’. Most of the contents left within it started to pour out upon the wet grass. The straw bounced from the bottom of the can landing not too far from where his soda lay. Looking down at it standing next to the man he started to tear up. “S-Soda...”
“Sherlock I just need you to focus on me and Mycroft alright. I know your heart rate is up right now, but I just need you to try to relax.”
Sherlock looks down at his hands then back at the boys playing in the park just feeling a sense of wonderment from just holding the ball and maybe just maybe it was what he was looking for. ‘Just a child at heart or I never really grew up. Maybe that’s my purpose.’
John and Mycroft walk over to the happy little ball of sunshine. Mycroft sits down in the wooden chair he places between the two chairs within the large messy flat. John grabs a seat in his chair and speaks to his friend. “How are you feeling Sherlock?”
John looks up after hearing the comment still holding two vials in his hands he then walks around the corner to ‘Sherlock’. “Well, you can stay that again...”
He barged into his flat, the smell of acids and chemicals from the small lab he’d made in the kitchen wafting into his nose. “Let’s figure out what this is about before John gets back.”
Sherlock on the other hand now was a bit less shy now just excited to get some candy. He hoped the place was just covered head to toe in all sorts of candy. He had one he was looking forward to, could just be due to having the memory of one of the kids that lost their ball.
Searching around the room he spots it. A small t.v one of the round dome face ones that sometimes crackled and popped when you turned it on. It was on the floor on the other side of the flat past the sleeping John. Sherlock being as quiet as he can be sneaks ever so quietly past John not making a single peep getting to the only thing that would bring him any joy or comfort at the moment forgetting he had a brother. He makes it over and searches for what the remote could be to turn it on. Searching nearby he finds what may be the remote he needs pressing the power button it turns on making a large pop waking John up.
The idea of going out from this small room and seeing what was really out there brought a smile upon sherlock’s depressed look upon his face. “That would mean a ton. Thank you so much for the tea and the offer.”
“With my brother’s current state John, we are getting little to nothing out of him so at this point I am not bothering with this box nonsense.”
John gulps ready to answer knowing ‘Sherlock’ will not like it. “Long story short you are not Mycroft you are Sherlock. You got some form of memory loss along with this abnormal ability to just copy whoever is around you or just hearing them as well.”
Bustling cars and people walk by the flat. Each with different emotions lives, and families they all belong to. Sherlock felt a feeling like this was missing just a deep gaping hole in his chest wanting to be filled again. He started to shed a small tear before his head started to hurt again before you know it, he was a blank slate again.
John and Greg stop laughing just feeling better thinking about Sherlock both look at him with smiles plastered over their faces. Mycroft smiled back at his brother wanting him to just keep him as happy as possible till he found a cure to his problem. “Alright, that sounds like a good idea there.”
Sherlock slowly walks over and greets her scratching his head looking around at where he ended up now. “Hello miss. Um sorry to bother you but you have any idea where I am or well my name?”
“God the time he called me about hiding that one case from him. At Least I saved myself from getting beat down by the boss again if he found out they kicked Sherlock to the curb along with me.” Greg chuckles back at the time.
Smiling back at his detective friend, John patted his back. “Right. While you work on the chemicals, I’m probably going to drop by at Tesco’s for groceries.”
