He still wasn’t convinced they were going to encounter anyone. Maybe it was just him and his new best friend in a universe of nothingness.
A/N - I started this directly after watching Infinity War. So everything was originally meant to be my best guess on what may happen at the first of Endgame (the hallucinations/visions excluded in that). So let me tell you, I was thrilled that Endgame!Tony used the same build-a-bear joke I wrote almost a year prior!
Nebula shot him a warning glance before typing in a string of numbers and letters. Tony was about to press her for information when a soft cry from behind him pulled his attention away from the cockpit.
Tony scraped together what had happened on Earth while he was on Titan from what little Bruce and Rhodey were willing to discuss. The missing Avengers he assumed had fallen fate to the culling of Thanos.
There was a minute of silence as the other guardian put the pieces together. When the unfamiliar voice returned, there was no hint of hope in his tone.
“Oh...no, no, no...” Tony got on his knees and chased the old music player as it slid under one of the main control panels that he was still trying to clean up.
“You’re fine? Right, right. I’m fine. Cap’s fine. We’re all so very fine,” Rhodey rambled.
He took a step after Nebula's retreated form before he caught himself. Nebula was a big girl, and if she had a problem, she would approach him. She never hesitated to let him know exactly what she needed or didn’t need from him when they were in space together. In fact, most of their conversations were out of necessity versus mindless small talk. The woman mastered the art of no-nonsense conversation.
Nebula gingerly nudged at his shoulder, getting him to roll on his back.
“Tony!”
“Rocket set up a rendezvous with Thor on what is left of Xandar,” Nebula ignored Rocket to answer Tony’s question.
Tony returned his attention to the nest of wiring, recreating what he’d done earlier to revive Dum-E. There was a low whirring sound, and then the familiar mechanical chirps filled the air. The boy’s face lit up with excitement. The child bent back to try and get a good look at Dum-E’s “face.” It appeared that his old science project was just as crazy as Tony because it reached out to the boy and curiously pinched the back of his shirt, lifting him a few inches from the ground. The boy laughed and tried to reach up to touch the pinchers, but it was just out of reach.
Regardless of his own feelings towards the self-righteous soldier, he couldn't fault him for doing what he did best: lead the team. Steve appeared to be handling the immense tragedy with a keen focus and respectable organization.
“We’re landing. Be on your guard.”
“I need to know, Nat.”
“There!” Tony said with a hint of levity. “Good as new.” He released her arm and stood. Tony carefully watched as she inspected the repair. She stretched her fingers and twisted her wrist this way and that.
“Was he your child?”
“I’ll miss you, Nebula. I know you’ll miss me.” Tony smiled one of his charming ‘lady-killer’ smiles. An expression that hadn’t been used in what felt like years. It was tight across his face-- almost uncomfortable.
“Oh, yeah? Where are we now? Planet Krypton?” He blew into a crevice of the Zune as if it was an old video game. He jostled it lightly and was relieved to see the screen come to life again. He pressed play.
“--Stark… Tony!!”
“Tony,” Natasha warned her voice a familiar cadence. Why was everyone addressing him in that same sympathetic, careful tone?
“Do not startle me, Terran. It is at--”
He knew when he released his breath that the action would send his own ashes to the ground with the others. Tony waited a moment longer before releasing the air from his lungs. He was disheartened to discover that his body was still in one piece. And that the feeling of gradual detachment was merely his soul slowly being torn in two.
She abruptly stood up and started to leave the flight deck.
Four Years Before The Event
Tony remembered that name. She was someone the other Guardians knew and loved.
Steve appeared to be startled that he’d been caught staring. Something akin to embarrassment washed over his face before he drew back his shoulders, bringing himself to his full intimidating height and shuffling hastily out the door.
Tony quickly squeezed her shoulder before turning to follow Steve back to the Avengers compound.
She merely nodded before continuing their controlled descent.
Tony jolted upright looking around him in half a frenzy. That voice; he knew it immediately even if it had been years since he'd heard it.
In Vision, Tony had lost two friends. Jarvis and the being that Jarvis had evolved into over the past few years. It was simplistic to assume that Vision was just his former AI in human form. Vision emerged from several layers of science and evolution and power he didn’t fully understand.
That struck a nerve. Tony noticed a clenched fist hanging at Steve’s side and a muscle in his arm that looked ready to take a swing. A part of Tony wished he would hit him. It would give him another reason to leave.
“More like, ‘What didn’t happen?’” Rhodey said. “We’re all stretched too thin--”
“I thought I told you,” he said between attempts to calm himself, “just call me Tony.”
“What do you need--”
“You’ll fix him, right, daddy? What’s wrong with him?”
The Captain didn’t respond. He appeared to be waiting with absurd patience for Tony to continue with an explanation. Tony could see the irritation and anger humming throughout Steve’s tense body. Tony knew how to spot it. The stiff shoulders and the way he seemed to balance on the balls of his feet as if he was about to dart forward and physically wrestle the issues between them to the ground. Tony was accustomed to this song and dance. Even if it had been almost two years since he’d last encountered Rogers.
“Stark, we’re here.”
He followed after Nebula but not before catching Steve reaching down to pick up his things. Probably to make sure he wasn’t leaving.
“Keep this on you. Let me know what you find out from Thor,” Tony gave the device to Nebula.
The redhead shifted her attention from the retreating form of Nebula to Tony. Natasha didn’t answer right away. The silence between words never bothered the former spy. She regarded Tony with a neutral expression; neither interested, nor concerned, nor sympathetic.
Finally, there was a surge of power, and a dance of light as everything around him awoke.
It was late. A lot later than he’d thought. Through the large windows of the lab, he could see that most of the main rooms at the compound were shut and the lights dimmed. It was quiet and almost eerie. It reminded him of those times he would sneak out of his room as a child to raid the kitchen. Tony kept the lights in the lab to a minimum, fearing that Bruce would discover him and lay a thick layer of guilt on him for not resting.
“I sometimes think I see her.”
“I found you here alone.” She crossed her arms and regarded him unhurriedly.
It was said as a warning; as a reprimand. As if Tony had been caught out after curfew and his parents were waiting for an explanation. In any other universe, Tony would’ve laughed or made light of this situation to relieve the tension and thumb his nose at the seriousness of this all. But they’ve been dancing around each other long enough.
She stood in silence, letting him work on the dislodged metal. Tony couldn’t help but be amazed at the perfect fusion of organic and robotic. Again, if this had been a different time and place, he would’ve allowed himself the time and curiosity to ask her questions and to take notes.
Tony glanced down at the t-shirt he borrowed from Quill’s wardrobe. Too bad he didn’t have more time to get to know the displaced spaceman. He was beginning to think he would’ve liked him.
Tony tried to make sense of her words. She didn't speak too often, and he'd learned to not try and ask her too many questions. But he was bewildered.
For a brief moment, he tore his eyes from his teammates to register the odd third person.
Tony assumed that he had funneled out of the room after Rocket. He was surprised to find the man’s cloudy grey eyes regarding him under intense brows. Tony met his gaze with an unwavering indifference. If the man wanted to yell at him or scold him or tell him how he messed up two years ago-- now was the time.
“Who’s-”
He and his co-pilot ambled down the ramp. Tony raised his hand to block the sunlight. He wanted to get a good look at the other man that waited for them.
“Wow,” he breathed.
Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the sight. “Dum-E put him down before you hurt him,” he directed the machinery. The robot complied but continued to pull at the kids' clothes and inspect him, not unlike the way a pet would get acquainted with a new individual.
As Tony passed by a break in between the buildings, he caught sight of a solitary child. He stopped in his tracks. The kid was sitting with his back facing Tony. He was bent over, clutching his leg and quietly crying. Tony quickly scanned their surroundings in search of a parent or guardian, but this part of the city looked very much deserted.
“You know what’s hard to believe, Stark? That out of everyone on Titan, you were the one to be spared. How exactly can you explain that, genius? What makes you so special?”
He reached out to grasp something when two strong hands met him in mid-reach, preventing him from falling forward onto the concrete floor.
Tony braced himself for a lecture or some sort of pep talk about the 'team.' He readied himself for the multiple levels of hypocrisy. It was a low-level irritant to Tony-- the way Steve marched around headquarters as if nothing happened two years ago. As if he'd never abandoned them for his own private crusade. As if he'd never lied to Tony before jamming his shield through his arc reactor and leaving him alone in Siberia.
Tony turned his head to meet Steve's eyes and was surprised to see something other than enmity. It wasn’t sympathy either.
“Apparently not. At ease, Chewie.” He swallowed thickly, running a hand through his hair, the sweat that accumulated at his temple caused it to stick out in all directions.
Bruce seemed to reluctantly shift his attention from his teammates to Tony. “Hulk and I are having some issues,” he shrugged, “Steve was very clear that I was more useful here than on the field.”
“Is it just you? Didn’t Dr. Strange-”
“Let’s go before Bruce figures it out,” Tony said as he dropped his backpack full of supplies. Nebula didn’t respond. Her lack of response wasn’t necessarily uncharacteristic, but it was the way she refused to meet his eyes from where she stood.
“Steve?” he said aloud. Tony leaned forward almost out of his chair as he strained to understand what he was hearing. The ambient lighting within the Milano began to dim as his vision started to darken.
“That’s enough, you two. We’re all on the same team!” Steve stood between Rocket and Tony. His back was facing Tony, completely blocking out Rocket and the repulsor weapon he’d confiscated.
He forced himself to stop moving, he held his breath, waiting to hear it again.
Tony turned away. The intensity radiating off the other man overwhelming him.
He’d pulled up the repair and upgrade history that was logged in the ship’s computer and settled into his seat to pour over every detail. With the backdrop of purple and navy space and the gentle hum of the vessel working smoothly, Tony was almost relaxed.
“You know, I find it funny that I found you in Queens; by the way, it’s where FRIDAY found you on the camera’s the most frequently.”
Peter wasn’t sure how to answer that, so he didn’t. He kept his mouth shut about it and changed the subject.
And Steve… he didn’t really belong here, either.
Not that that was bad, right? No, that wasn’t bad! Loki probably didn’t even care about her, never had. But why would he even care to visit her dreams then? Whatever, Yaël had a George- errr- Jason running around on earth who was definitely more handsome than Loki, less unpredictable and had the same who had amount of arrogance.
“Did I tell you that I love you?” Steve asks. Tony takes in the face in front of him; that once so smooth skin now decorated with wrinkles, that chin now having a permanent stubble that he’s since long given up to constantly shave. His once fair, light hair now grey, almost white. Tony doesn’t know how he’s ever gotten this lucky.
Seriously!
“Dude, what the hell happened?” the two ask him at the same time. Peter shrugs.
With his food in hands, the first thing he comes across is somebody stealing a bike. He deals with the thief easy enough, but finding the owner of the bike proves to be harder than he thought.
Karen returns. Peter snorts, shaking his head at how stupid that one is. It’s actually such an obvious one he couldn’t even come up with it himself! He’s a disgrace for the Stark-lineage!
The bad guy is defeated. MJ’s safe with Felicia, Harry’s getting back to his feet. Eddie didn’t die down in the fire with Venom.
“No, I want them to be able to focus on the subjects instead of on me,” Yaël rolled her eyes.
“Hey, man, I was on my way back,” Peter assures him. It can only be for that reason that he’s calling, right? To ask where Peter is?
He drops down the controller, turning towards Peter and giving him a surprised look.
A short silence on the other side of the line.
“Open the door!” Harry shouts but nobody is close enough yet.
!” she yelled, then she tried pointing at him, which seemed to be a tough exercise.“
Peter should have listened.
“No, I sent her to the hospital. Felicia was hurt.” Peter presses his hand against his brow, pushing through the headache that comes with the tears. “Listen, Steve. I’m not sure I’m going to walk out after this fight; I’m significantly weaker right now, my senses are off, I’m aching all over…”
- Mild conversations from Civil War (not all entirely the same)
Tony pulls up the security footage of when it arrived, seeing a figure standing handing the file to Peter, who doesn’t seem like he’s suspecting anything. He couldn’t even say it’s Natasha he’s talking to. Poor boy.
The child’s dark eyes look up towards Tony, noticing him looking. As if on instinct, he reaches out his hands, trying to touch Tony in his curiosity. Tony finds himself smiling before realizing it, reaching down in the crib and taking the kid out. For just a moment, he tries to remember what the boy is called…
“You know what? Whatever… I can get more done alone anyway,” Peter mutters out, getting up from his seat and heading towards the door.
“Listen, Sharon, I need to know; did they give you any trouble?” Tony asks, and Sharon bites her lips before she looks down again. Because it can’t be that she got away with bringing Steve and the others their weapons. They would know somebody did it, and given that she was seen talking to him at the funeral, her bosses will only assume.
Aaron shrugs. “I hate that the danger’s so close to you,” he mutters. Then he shakes his head and leans to the side of the couch to grab something. When he takes out a bag, he throws it Miles’ way. “Think fast!”
“FRI, can you get the essentials for baby-proofing the place? And maybe get some clothes so he doesn’t have to walk around in one of Storm’s t-shirts? I feel like he might drown in it.”
Oh, so that’s how she’s going to play it, huh?
As if he couldn’t have timed it better, Harry makes his presence known by knocking on the door. Tony puts down the tablet and cup, and then turns around.
“I’m running out of time, Charles,” Tony confesses. “He’s been having seizures, he’s stopped breathing! They’ve shoved a tube through his throat for crying out loud!”
Then there’s that noise; that
“Yo, girlie!” Wade came out of nowhere and draped his arm around her shoulders. Logan suddenly stopped as soon as he heard Wade’s voice, Yaël almost bumped into him.
Karen returns. Then, right in Peter’s sight, a path forms for Peter to follow. Oh, how he loves technology! Peter breathes out loudly before throwing himself over the edge off the roof of the building he was standing on. Only waiting until the very last moment, Peter finally shoots up his web and swings his way through the streets, following the path Karen procures for him.
“I’ve got a power, something I didn’t ask for, but got anyway. And I can use this power for good, to help people.”
“I mean, not literally. It’s just, we have a bet here,” Sam says while shrugging.
Tony frowns, looking back up towards Steve in confusion. Why does he sound so distant, as if he would rather just run away from here?
” Ned continues.
They hang up after that. Peter drops the phone on the bed and sits up carefully to put on some clothes. After that, he decides to finally leave the room. Harry’s right; he shouldn’t make it awkward. Just pretend like it’s just a day like any other.
Peter sighs. Okay, he needs to speak up.
Peter squeezes his eyes shut and shakes his head while he shivers. “C’mon, gross!” he shouts in between. Steve and Tony ignore him.
“I propose that the people who failed go and seek out their fellow students who passed and ask for a bit of tutoring, since nobody obviously wants to listen at me.”
“Tell me the truth, Uncle Bruce,” Peter begs. “Am I dying?”
Peter suddenly asks. He sounds out of breath, and maybe even a bit irritated.
too advanced to even consider this a normal robbery. Holy crap, what is he getting himself into now?
“I’ll be back in an hour,” Steve assures him in a whisper. Then he moves away, making his way back to the tower. Tony lets out a sigh the moment Steve walks out the door. He turns his head a bit to the side, blinking a few times as he looks out the window.
Slowly, he opens it up, blinking when he gets inside the dark room. He notices Peter lying on his bed, his hands on his belly while he looks up at the ceiling. He doesn’t look up when Tony walks inside, doesn’t give any affirmation that he noticed him entering the room.
“Is Steve here?”
Peter presses his lips together then, shutting up wisely.
“Whatever, man, the kid can take care of his own. It seems like everybody seems to forget the lizard-incident, or that electric-dude.” Hawkeye shakes his head and puts his hands on his hips. “I’m going back to the tower. If you’re not there to make sure Stark takes his pills, somebody else has to babysit him.” Hawkeye waves as he starts walking away from them. As Peter watches him go, he notices Wade – in uniform – lounging in a tree and eating a burrito. Where did he even get one?
“Yet, here you are? Care to explain to me how you pulled off that trick?”
,” Harry explains, pushing himself against the wall in an attempt to push himself up, but his feet slip away on the ground and he falls back on his ass. Immediately, he starts laughing, reminding Peter a little bit of ‘the Joker’ in those Batman movies
She figured it out one day when Peter was asleep. She had heard him sneak back into the house and was curious as to what exactly he was doing up so late. When she came into his room, he had fallen asleep on his bed instantly, the old suit thrown on the ground without much thought.
“And how did he get access to these codes?” another woman asks. Tony vaguely remembers her calling herself Evelyn Gilette.
“I’m what?” Peter asks in surprise as he pulls the shirt over his head.
Vision reminds him too much of JARVIS to try that. The only two he’d consider telling this two are Nat and Steve, and while everything inside him is telling him to go for the latter, his brain is warning him that, no, he should tell Nat. She will know what the best course of action will be.
“Do you need me to? I wouldn’t mind, but there’s still someone who needs me at the compound,” Steve says. Peter doesn’t need to guess to know who he’s talking about. As far as he can make out, Mr. Stark isn’t doing so well at the moment.
And even though Peter had only met Peggy a few times, he can’t help but feel a few tears roll off his cheeks as well. Grabbing Tony’s hand, he tries to find comfort, only to realize that Tony is in need of it as well.
After the commotion around Steve has died down, the door opens up again. This time, Peter recognizes the Winter Soldier, who pretty much looks like crap. His hair is pulled together messily, his arm grabbed by Wanda, who talks to him in a hushed voice. The man tries to ignore the fact that everybody’s looking at him. Peter feels sorry for him. When he feels Tony tense up next to him, he puts a hand on his shoulder to calm him down. Tony quickly clears his throat.
It was Barnes. It was always Barnes.
And Tony then stops, standing back up to get as much distance between the two of them as he can. With a hand passing over his chin, he nods.
Dressed in their thick coats, everybody exits the aircraft. Natasha lands the other ship not too far from the other. As soon as the other Avengers step out, Peter can see them all groaning and complaining from being inside for too long.
“Mary?!” he asks. Something in his chest tightens at the idea that she’s standing right in front of him. He can remember extremely well the last time he ever spoke to her before she died. It was that drunken conversation, that moment where she had told him she and Richard are done. It had been then that Tony decided to finally make his move.
And Steve nods, and they’re back in the palace. And while they’re supposed to just… spend their days there while they wait for news, Steve gets more calls from a very confused Tony Stark.
“Go to him. I know you want to,” he says with a wink. Tony snorts, shaking his head and then leaning forward to kiss Peter on the brow.
Tony sighs. That’s exactly what he told himself not to do. But at the same time he doesn’t want to make Peter feel like he’s unwanted. Shit, he just can’t do anything right either way. In defeat, he nods against Steve’s chest. The man pulls back after that, putting a hand on Steve’s cheek and looking him into his eyes.
“They’re on their way back. Mission was another bust,” Tony says calmly. “He’s not coming here, though.”
FRIDAY says. “
Take a deep breath. Then take another one. Count to ten in your head. Then breathe again.
“Yaël, you don’t have to evaluate them or give them grades or anything. The students can choose for themselves if they want to follow this subject, like a hobby. Checkmate.” Yaël cursed, why did X think she was capable of teaching some angsty teens, if wasn’t even able to focus on a game of chess while arguing with him?
But Peter wouldn’t really know what else to offer them. Bucky and Natasha have already revealed that they’ll be moving out soon enough, taking back Natasha’s old floor in Stark Tower. That way, they’re still close to a part of the team, but separated enough from them to have time to themselves. In the end, all that’s left are Clint, Sam, Wanda and Vision; that means a couple and two guys who can’t always fully stand each other.
Peter knows what’s the smart thing to do; in a battle, when the enemy is too strong, he’ll always find a way around it. At school, whenever Flash is there again to punch him in the gut – though that hasn’t been happening lately – he’ll make the wise choice not to fight back and reveal his powers to his peers. He doesn’t drink (anymore, because last time had been a disaster), doesn’t smoke, nor does he do drugs.
“That’ll surely end up well,” Pepper mutters. Tony agrees with that. He gets up from the couch to check on his suddenly-infant son. Peter’s drooling once again, eyes closed, and small hands balled into tiny fists. Tony can’t help but reach out a finger towards him, feeling Peter’s reflexes come up the moment he presses into the middle of his handpalm. He can’t help but grin.
“Well, make sure the ‘library’ uses a
“Yeah, uh, sounds cool. You not joining us?” Peter asks, getting a shake of his head from Tony.
“Yaël, get up!” Mr. Rogers calls out, knocking once more. When there’s still no answer, the man sighs and opens the door to get inside. Peter decides to look away, fishing out his cellphone. At first he thinks of checking his Facebook, but instead he decides to just start up a little game of Solitaire until they’re back.
Okay, that’s pretty alarming alright. Those weapons are really dangerous to fall into just anybody’s hands. He thought the new SHIELD had everything contained?
She couldn’t wait to be home again and visit Peter and tell him about space, but she still wasn’t sure he had survived the fight. And Steve, Yaël missed Steve, the humble giant. The superhero that felt like a normal man, taking his jogs in the park whenever he wanted to. But when was she ever going to get home?
“You bought a crib?”
Anyway, enjoy the chapter. No warnings this time, though maybe a bit of bullying towards the end. Also, you'll notice, the events of Civil War are slowly getting closer.
He’s going to kill him. Peter needs to get out of here,
“Please, put on some clothes, mister Wilson…” Steve mumbled as he looked away and sighed.
Peter talks excitedly, but it doesn’t really get to Tony. He’s mostly tired, wanting nothing more than to just sleep it off, catch a few hours and eventually get back to his workshop. It’s been too long since his fingers have been busy!
Besides, people who don’t know about him being Spider-Man could notice the lack of scar and start asking questions. They all saw him being impaled on the video somebody felt the need to share on the internet.
“You know, they sent this idiot to me because they figured I need friends?” Yaël says. Peter looks up again and sees her pointing at Wade with her thumb. The guy pretends to be offended, but nobody listens to him.
Slowly, he gets dressed into loose clothing and gets out of the bathroom. With a heavy heart, he heads to the living room. One short look at his dad standing in front of the window is enough to tell Peter that the guy is about ready to flip out on him.
Peter stays quiet after that, looking down at his hands as he waits for Cap to return. His fingers are tangled together, and his lips pressed into a thin line while his foot shakes up and down.
bad,” Steve says with a laugh. Tony rolls his eyes, pointing back at the robes that Thor had brought to their room. They went to bed late last night, after making sure that Peter’s well, and since they’re allowed to sleep in this morning, it has mostly just been a good bit of catching up. And not just with words.
“Maybe during summer break? I mean, now with the final coming closer, my mom doesn’t want me to do big things like that. And not everybody is a big genius like you are,” Ned teases him with a wink. Peter just scoffs.
As the man starts to sum up what he’s got here, another man faces the buyer, telling him about how they’re the only ones selling these kinds of things.
Inspired by: Wardruna -Solringen
“If you got her pregnant, why is it the wrong choice to get married?” Steve asks in confusion. Tony shrugs again.
Holy shit, Tony actually pissed him off.
exhausting. It’s always been, trying to keep up that front, that image he built up. Right now, he could just use an entire week of just being Tony. Tony the greasemonkey who needs his Steve by his side. Tony the engineer who likes to tinker along with his son.
“Venom, how did you get back here?” Steve asks.
“You’re kicking me out again?” Steve asks, unbelievingly.
be my top priority, right?”
Tony opens his eyes again despite the ache that comes with it and finds Brunnhilde standing there with her hands on her hips, looking down unimpressed.
“Alright, have a good day, Mr. Parker!” she calls after him when he already starts walking. There’s no way that he’s going to take the subway with this box – it’s only going to attract the attention that he doesn’t want to have.
“Oh,” her friend thought for a minute. “So, are you planning on ever going back?” he asked her. She had told him the whole story, so he knew she wasn’t really welcome on her planet anymore, unless she was dead.
Helen sighs but nods. “That is to be expected, yes,” she says. “We’ve looked over your blood results and compared it to your normal blood.”
Steve sits down just as Tony opens up the box, showing the two historical pens Howard somehow got his hands on. The moment Tony had found it, he thought about showing it to Steve. Of course, with Steve mostly away on missions, Tony kind of forgot about it until he found it again right before he left.
Once the rain starts pouring, they decide it’s time to wrap it up again. Saying their goodbyes to everybody, Peter and MJ leave the shelter and head back into the streets of New York. With their arms linked together and the drops of rain pouring down on them, they look into the windows of all the closed stores on the street. Halloween hasn’t passed yet, so at least there aren’t Christmas-stuff already hanging out.
“It’ll just be for a few weeks,” Yaël mumbled.
But when the two agree to get Peter so they can discuss this between the three again, it’s not too long until they realize that Peter ran off.
“Oh, crap!” she calls out in annoyance. Peter frowns, kneels down and helps her pick it all up.
“The fact that you have more chance there to bump into Logan, so you can annoy the shit out of him?” Yaël’s horse went down. It was a white one with golden and dark-green detailing. “No, I mean, okay yes, that too… Wait a minute, he also loves to hunt me down! Don’t tell me he never annoyed you so much yet that you wanted to behead him!”
Tony returns the smile. Then he nods.
They’ve been opened for a few hours now. It’s basically a big party inside; many volunteers, the homeless all getting delicious food and sitting together telling each other jokes and stories. Peter is actually rather impressed of the Avengers having cancelled their evening plans and helping out. With Wanda, Bruce, Tony and Steve in the kitchen, Sam, Johnny, Harry, Natasha, Rhodey, Bucky, Scott and Vision serving out the food, and Hope and May staying at the entrance to collect donations, it’s rather obvious that there’s a good mood going around. In the background, Clint is bringing them good tunes on the piano, accepting suggestions from people and playing them easily.
“Friday eve is my moment of me-time! Cap planned it in that way! Besides, it’s still my week with Wanda AND it’s already 9pm.” Steve had given her off on Fridays, because she needed some spare-time and she was always way to tired, thus unfocussed, after a week of working.
“Let’s get her back to her parents, shall we?” Tony offers, and Steve nods. The two get out of the car, Tony careful to make sure he doesn’t fall down on his face. Meanwhile, Steve easily gets Annie out of her seat, holding her in his arms as he gets to the sidewalk. Annie’s long brown curls fall in front of her face, and Tony can’t fight that strong urge to pull them aside.
“Damn right!” Steve says from a bit further away. He gestures for them to join. “Come, let’s take a pizza and watch a movie!”
Her eyes go back up to where Tony is hovering, trying his hardest not to make a noise. It’s a blessing already that he managed to make the thrusters as soundless as possible. To anybody who wouldn’t know, it would seem like an old laptop is running – which would make it a modern laptop in this current year.
“Just make sure that they don’t kill him,” he answers surprised at how even his voice sounds. Then he clears his throat and looks around. “I’ll better clean it up a little bit.”
“Why are you telling me this?” Peter asks, trying to get more out of it.
“Ned, am I really that horrible?” Tony then asks, pulling away from Peter and turning to his best friend on the couch. Ned’s eyes open wide, and his mouth drops open as he thinks back of an answer.
He knows why he’s the one that gets to start it off; he has no obvious props that need to be put in place beforehand. Everything he needs moves and gets added in the meantime. So Tony stands there clearing his throat and putting the microphone up to his mouth.
“Hold your breath,” Tony instructs Steve, who has his eyes squeezed shut and turns his head against Tony’s shoulder to shield itself from the wind.
- Harry Surprising everybody
“Let me give you the number of my therapist so you can call her whenever you feel like it,” Peter said when he noticed Yaël wasn’t going to give him a crossed reply and she stopped counterworking. Yaël sighed and noticed she started scratching her one hand with the other one again. She fluttered her hands to make them stop, but Peter was a way too observant guy.
Another chuckle escapes his mouth. Peter takes another deep breath. “Can you tell Steve that everything’s fine?”
“Is this really necessary?” Tony hears Steve ask. When he looks into the mirror, he sees Steve next to him, looking unhappy. Tony reaches out his hand, and when Steve sees it he holds out his as well.
The team is falling apart. Barnes has escaped, and Steve and Sam have disappeared along with him. Tony is there with Nat, trying to burn out their fires, while Rhodey is out in the sky in search of the three fugitives.
“FRIDAY? Where is everybody?” Peter asks.
“He doesn’t mind,” he assures him, though Peter is aware that neither of them knows what Steve would think of that. Peter decides not to bring it up again, instead moving until he’s seated next to Tony and looking at the man’s tablet screen as well. It seems like Tony is working on something, as well.
sign of how tired he is. “You’re a good big brother.”
Otto finally turns around, distracted by his wife’s shout of distress. Peter scrambles back up, pulling Tony along.
It’s from when Harry attacked him. Peter can see the figure that is himself hanging in the air, held up by strong hands grabbing his throat and a fist slamming on his face again and again. He’s still bruised all over, which is probably why Flash has stayed clear for now.
“Whoa! 1000 pieces! That’s awesome!” he exclaims. Ned nods enthusiastically.
“No, no no!” he calls out in a faked panic, and once more, the two of them start laughing. Tony feels light inside, with something feeling like luck welling in his chest. His lips seem to be going permanently upward. His heart is beating faster as he sees Peter there next to Dum-E, protesting when Dum-E takes the piece of paper from him and starts rolling off – copying Peter.
When Wade makes his entrance, it’s with the usual flair. Yaël, who is shaking her head with her hands shielding her eyes, portrays exactly how everybody is feeling when Wade turns up wearing a French maid uniform.
“So, what brings you here?” MJ suddenly asks, pulling Peter out of his train of thoughts. Peter turns to her, catching her watching him over her bowl of soup.
“But fine, I get it. I’ll stay away, since clearly all you want to do is take all of this on yourself. After all, who am I to make decisions about Peter, right?”
“I think it’s the least we can do. Thank you very much, Mr. Stark.”
“Nah, haven’t you heard, Harry Osborn’s been taken into a psychiatric ward or something.”
“Tony worries about him for a reason, Clint. He’s still a kid, after all,” Cap counters, not noticing Peter shaking his uniform dry next to him. “He shouldn’t even be doing this yet, I’m sure he has family that worries about him!”
“Listen, how about I’ll ask MJ and I’ll let you know, alright?” Peter suggests then. He’s sure MJ wouldn’t mind as they’re just going to feed the homeless, but he would rather just ask her instead of just bringing along a random girl she hasn’t ever really properly spoken to.
Peter bites his lips, hoping that day won’t come soon.
“Can I be honest, Tony?” Bruce asks after they’ve left the building. Tony feels a small chill going through him at the question. Whenever somebody asks something like this, usually something awful is going to follow.
“Tony, he’s respecting your wishes even though he’s hurting. Are you
He keeps on being surprised at how awesome Tony’s cars are. He hopes that one day, he’ll get to have one like this, too. Maybe a bit smaller, though. He doesn’t need something too big.
,” he says. Sure, it’s not like he’s been doing
Peter shakes Bruce by the shoulder, giving him a sympathetic look. “Nah, man, you’re the big guns. Remember when you pounded that purple jerk in the face so much he could barely breathe in between?”
“My legs suddenly had a growth spurt.” He grinned. “Oh, and I brought you something, because your hair really looks like shit…” he mumbled while digging into his ninja-turtles bag.
“You’re welcome.”
“Alright, but I am calling
He doesn’t speak when their hands touch. Doesn’t speak when her fingers actively reach out for him, surrounding his wrist. When she looks down she sighs.
“I remember watching them on TV at the boarding school. It was kind of amazing,” Harry says, chuckling a bit. Peter shrugs.
“Let’s just do what we came here to do before anybody else comes in, okay?”
“Natalia, I know you can think logically here; who do you think does the heavy work between Stark and Steve?” James asks, leaning his head back so much so he can look up at her. Natasha rolls her eyes again and pushes him forward.
“Yeah,” Yaël stood up and stretched her arms.
When he gets to the room where Steve is being held, he finds the man looking at the same images Tony had been looking at back at his desk. On the screen on the top left, Bucky is still seated in his new cage. Steve has his hands stuck in the pockets of his pants, probably trying to keep himself from starting to throw punches.
It’s probably the only reason why Tony installed it in the first place.
“I had and still have my party-days!”
Tony nods again. Steve smiles.
“Yeah, sure,” Yaël grunted sarcastically, hoping that someone would find her in this alley and fix her. She felt dizzy, but refused to close her eyes again. This woman in front of her killed Raido. If Yaël could, she’d drink Nilla’s blood.
“Yeah, not right now, but-“
According to Bruce, some of the ancient Norse traditions he read up on were pretty much followed through. Though when he asked Thor if it was mandatory for him and Jane to get drunk on the bridal-ale at the feast, Thor had laughed loudly and slapped him on the shoulder.
As for the tower, the penthouse is still there. Nobody lives there, though. It’s more of a… available space in case anything were to happen to Peter’s house, or their house. That, or it’s for when Peter needs to stay at the tower for a longer while and only has a few hours to sleep before he needs to start again.
“Shall I help you?”
FRIDAY’s familiar voice says. Mr. Stark looks up a little bit, and then looks back down.
“HEY!” Tony shouts, immediately realizing that Peter hung up. With a mouth fallen open and a blank screen looking back at him, Tony feels his breath speed up. What’s up with this kid? Why is he doing the exact opposite of what Tony asks him to do? “Happy, how long until we’re at the compound?”
Tony eventually stops the car in front of the prison. The pair walks out, giving each other a short look before heading into the prison. There they’re being checked on weapons and other devices. Tony voluntarily hands in his gauntlet-watch. After that they’re being taken along through a series of hallways by a silent guard.
Id-Jit rolls up to Tony, holding up a framed picture that must have fallen along on the ground when he cleared the desk. He pulls his legs back, reaching for the frame and taking it from the bot’s simple claw. A short look at the picture of him and Peter in Disneyland makes something well up in his throat. It had been such a good day, the two of them careless and unknowing of everything that was waiting ahead of them.
Tony sighs, looking up at the ceiling.
“Looks like you made quite an impression there.”
“We can talk like this, everyone can see me,” he said while following her inside. She looked at the timetables.
“I should call Stark,” he said quietly. Yaël gritted her teeth. Had she been practicing and training all this time just so still nobody would believe she was able to take care of herself? Then what had been the fucking use? “I’ll follow you, instead.”
“HOW DO YOU EVEN DARE, I NEED WARM WATER, I KNOW I CAN WARM IT MYSELF BUT WHY DO I NEED TO DO THAT?! THAT’S WHAT BOILERS AND SHIT ARE FOR! I DIDN’T EVEN DO ANYTHING LAST NIGHT, WADE WENT CRAZY, NOT ME!” she left the flying tiles-part out, of course.
“My normal blood?” Peter asks. Tony pats his hand gently.
Strange.
“Every last one of us stood between Thanos and Vision in the end.”
He hadn’t seen Captain America in over two years. He didn’t appear to be the same man. His hair was longer, and his usually clean-shaven chin was fully covered by a beard. There were circles under his eyes, and a shadow seemed to engulf him even in full sunlight. If Tony had only one color to describe the man, he would say Steve Rogers was a bright, sky blue but now the man before him was a dark navy grey.
Tony jumped and dropped the old Zune. It bounced off his shoe and skidded across the ground. He panicked as the music stopped.
Tony found the perfect distraction to his current life in the endless mess of wires and programming found on the Guardian’s ship. The Benatar was a beautiful ship, but the way most of the machinery worked without a glitch was a mystery. It was designed as if a drunken genius was playing a prank on his engineering professor. There were moments when he almost laughed at the sheer insanity of the layout and functionality. He wondered who was responsible for the repairs, Quill, or one of the others of his crew that Tony hadn’t had a chance to meet.
Tony felt compassion for the kid, but his fear and confusion went much deeper.
Tony gasped, unaware that he’d been holding his breath until his companion literally tore it out of him. He looked back at the boy, but he was gone. There was no one there.
That disdain for the patriotic figure grew from a peripheral anger to a fully developed hatred after Tony actually met Rogers. In those first few hours on the helicarrier, Tony found him to be obstinate, humorless, dull, and rigid to the point of naivety.
He only came back to the present when a woman put her hand on his shoulder. It wasn’t a friendly, comforting gesture. It was firm and sobering with the hint of something small and metal stabbing in his shoulder.
Tony shuddered in his seat. His rotated his chair away from his co-pilot and faced the back of the ship.  He focused in on the darkness trying to determine what noise he was mistakenly hearing.
He sighed. “Don’t you mean this is where it ended.”
Leave it up to the Captain to give the right speeches at the right time. Rocket’s eyes went between the two founding members of the Avengers before powering down the repulsor weapon.
“Quill? You son of a bitch, is that you?”
“Nebula,” he said very slowly. “Did you hear--”
Tony returned his attention to Rogers, who was now gazing back at him in an indecipherable manner. Tony wanted to blame that damn beard for his inability to read his longtime friend, but the reality was that he didn’t know him anymore. The man hadn’t said a word to him since he returned and Steve was so preoccupied with leading the team that he doubted the man thought of anything else but the next mission. Not to mention the whole beating the crap out of each other in Siberia. Oh, and Steve lying to his face. Anger stirred inside of him, but before he could stoke the flames, Natasha and Steve had turned and left without another word to Tony.
A few fresh wires caused the robot to move and chirp at him.
The thought sent a shiver down his spine. There was something about space travel that already made you feel utterly and completely isolated. And Thanos’ universe even more so.
“Tony,” he said through gritted teeth, not meeting her eyes. Instead, he stayed focused on the small chunk of metal still sticking out of her hand. “My name’s Tony Stark.” The metal must’ve been bothering her judging by her slight wince when his thumb lightly nudged at it.
Once his feet were back on the ground, the boy wavered trying to find the center of his balance. It was then that Tony noticed the machinery on his legs. Just like before, they were Stark-designed mobility assistance braces. Tony stared at the blue light on one of the joints long enough for it to hurt. He shut his eyes to try and clear his vision.
She gave him a hard shake before manhandling him to his feet. Tony hissed as the movement irritated the stab wound from earlier. He instinctively hugged himself to lessen the pain.
Tony tried to not imagine his best friend being reduced to ashes, but the image of Peter falling apart was seared into his head. It was easy to picture it happening to Rhodey, Pepper, Happy...
Tony leaned forward over his work desk and pinched the bridge of his nose. He didn’t bother to look at Rocket. Instead, he addressed the other avenger in the room.
His new partner left him alone in the flight deck. He assumed she was getting some rest. Tony’s unending curiosity and drive to learn kept him awake, aware, and wholly absorbed in understanding the navigation systems of the alien ship.
“You don’t have to tell me what's going on, Tony. But everyone around here seems to think they can hide their problems. But people will get hurt, and mistakes are made if we don’t trust each other.” He shrugged. “Like tonight.”
“How’d it happen? The last stone."
The thought of Quill reminded him that the music needed to be adjusted. Quill had created a gorgeous audio setup that synced with some damn old earth technology. The juxtaposition of space tech and 20-year-old earth tech was charming and even brilliant.
“Let me get that,” he said, his mind lighting up as he tried to dissect the mechanical aspects of the woman standing before him.
The subtle differences between Earth-199998 and Earth-199999: Different individuals were snapped away, and the Benatar was in pretty good shape. I’m considering working other Endgame aspects to this story, but I’m not sure if I should alter my original story just to accommodate.
“I got you,” came Rhodey’s comforting but clearly anxious voice. Tony focused on the light from the Stark mobility device on his friend’s legs. “Easy, Tony. Easy.” Was the kid some sort of waking dream triggered by a glimpse of Rhodey? Tony clenched Rhodey’s arm and tried to focus on his voice until he was confident that this was real and that he was awake. His manic grip on the other man’s sleeve lessened till he was satisfied enough to let go and sit back.
As the Benatar broke through the clouds, the first thought to hit Tony was the fact that the Avengers headquarters was still standing. Some irrational notion inside him assumed it would also be turned to dust. He immediately turned his attention to the two individuals standing outside, waiting for their arrival. Even from this high up in the atmosphere, he could recognize two of the three silhouettes.
Tony pushed up onto his elbows and wildly looked from her to the empty area he’d just been talking to.
He casually tossed it to Tony. He caught it quickly and looked at it with mild amazement. “Able to track it over very long distances,” he murmured. “Just what I need.” He started to open the device and take mental notes on the circuitry.
But Tony was already reaching for the closest box of tools. If this had been another place and time, he would’ve thrown out various jokes or snide remarks. Instead, he just quietly found what appeared to be the right tool and recaptured her hand.
He reached over to try and figure out the best way to indicate to the Benatar’s navigation systems where the Avengers compound was located. His efforts were quickly interrupted when the com systems lit up.
“I don’t know,” Tony raised his voice, trying to strongman the conversation in his favor, “I’ll improvise. There’s a galaxy full of technology out there. And I got Nebula and Rocket here-- I can figure it out,” he hissed at the other man.
But she was already at the door. “You need to stop focusing on the details. I know you’re doing it to punish yourself, Stark,” she pushed the door open but didn’t go through. “Focus on what needs to be taken care of here, Tony,” she said as gently as the woman knew how. She flicked her eyes between the Captain and Tony before she exited the area.
After Ultron, Tony was relieved that Jarvis had evolved into an actual walking and talking person. Vision was different from Jarvis, but the voice, the humor was the same. He even had memories that the AI would have experienced. Jarvis lived on in Vision. During the Accords situation, listening to Vision debate the moral implications of the team in a highly intelligent and thoughtful manner was like watching his child graduate college.
“Is this normal?” He asked as each and every individual they passed turned to stare at them. Some appeared suspicious, and others clearly terrified.
“That’s what you wanted. To be our steadfast leader and have everyone look to you for your holy commands,” Tony didn’t relent. He just continued to hammer his point home even if it ventured close to unkind territory. “How’d that work out for you, Steve? How’d everything turn out down here, huh?”
Tony blinked and finally removed his attention from the ground below to gape at his co-pilot.
The weight of that one word stunned him. The boy’s blue eyes looked at him in a way he’d never experienced. They were the eyes of a child trying to be strong and brave for his father but failing and openly ashamed.
Tony tried to focus in on the man's face. He wasn't sure if it was the dirt and streaks on the window that distorted Steve's expression or if it was his own inability to comprehend what he was seeing. He appeared to be worried, but there was another level of emotion present that Tony couldn't recognize.
“Thor’s doing his own research and rescue mission. I think Rocket was planning on meeting up with him once you and Nebula arrived with his ship.”
“How come you’re not out there?” Tony asked.
“Lifesigns, Mister Spock?”
“Tony,” there was a warning in the one word.
He shouldn’t have returned to earth alive. He had no place here anymore.
She rotated in her seat and stood to exit. Before she was out of reach, Tony caught her hand. Instinctively, his new partner twisted his arm around, and before Tony could register what happened, he was on his knees in front of her.
“Who?”
“I have to go,” Natasha spoke as Tony continued to glare at their fearless leader. For a brief second, he was so preoccupied with annoyance and low-level anger at Rogers that he almost didn’t hear Natasha.
“Alright, Captain, but I’m keeping the arm,” he slung the piece of machinery over his shoulder and turned to leave.
“I’m coming with you. We should leave tonight,” Tony said as he snapped the device back together and threw it to Rocket.
“Tony, there are life signs. There have been life signs on every planet we visited.”
“The world isn’t what it used to be.” Rhodey braced himself before standing with some difficulty. Tony knew better than to assist him, especially not with the amount of progress he’d made.
Tony looked down at his wound: No blood, no pain.
That got a response. Steve shook his head in irritation, lip curled back in disgust and body shifting as if he were trying to physically locate the higher ground. “God damn it, Tony! What the hell do you think--?”
“Is he sick?” A child's voice pierced the cold silence.
“Hey, Hey!” Captain America’s words rose above all other voices in a room. His commanding tone seemed to physically fill the space in a way that no other’s voice could.
Tony physically shook as the disembodied voice called his name. Was that really... “Steve?”
Why was he spared? Tony Stark. A tired, irreverent man with a box of metal scraps and a desperate need to try and fix everything. He’d spent the last decade trying to make up for the death and destruction that Stark Industries had done to the world. Yet in the end, he’d caused considerably more harm than any of his weapons. His time was up. He’d already poured everything he had into trying to prevent this. He shouldn’t be here.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw a tall figure emerge from the shadows and enter the Guardians common area. Tony sighed and wanted to make some sort of joke about tattling to mom, but the punchline evaded him. Tony tried to catch Nebula’s eye to display his displeasure at this betrayal, but she merely moved to the cockpit, leaving Tony alone with Steve.
Nebula ignored him as she pulled up a communication window. She requested close access to a specific part of the planet, but the alien on the other end seemed to hesitate.
“You seem to have everything under your complete and utter control. Right?” Tony glowered at him and inclined his head in a challenging manner.
Tony continued to follow, but he couldn’t turn away from all the questioning looks and curious gazes of the inhabitants. They appeared humanoid; two arms, two legs, two eyes, hair even. But their skin was a bright magenta tone, and the size of their eyes was just a little too large to be human. Regardless of the subtle differences, he could see the same expression of darkness and loss in the eyes of each and every one of them.
“Oh, you would know so much about running away,” Tony said as he stepped over the backpack to get into Roger’s space, his chin up and his voice a threat. Tony didn’t have to say anything more to paint the picture of their final confrontation in the cold and snow. When the man he’d grown to trust, admire, and even care for had literally thrust his shield through Tony’s heart.
“Did-- did you see him? Did you see the kid?”
He expected Rhodey to come and drag him out at any moment, but apparently, both he and Cap had been deployed on a mission not long after they arrived. According to Bruce, that happened a lot. The Avengers were sent out on various cleanup and rescue missions since that fateful day. This brought up all sorts of questions concerning the Accords and the state of the planet, but Tony just couldn’t bring himself to ask.
“Tony,” he repeated.
She cringed as the metal bent and crunched back into place.
It was true that Tony had made quite a few upgrades to the Benatar while on his magical mystery tour with Nebula. Partially because the ship needed help, but mostly Tony needed the repair work as a distraction. Something to keep his mind hyper-focused on the task at hand and away from what happened on Titan.
There was that expression again. “Come on, Tony. We have a lot to talk about.”
Tony passed by Rocket as he boarded the Benatar. The raccoon appeared to be reversing a specific modification outside of the ship. Tony could remember making that change while they spent time on Krylor waiting for him to heal up. He inwardly sighed and started to figure out the best way to convince the ‘captain’ that his repairs would actually save energy.
Tony blinked and had to break the eye contact. Instead, he focused on the fingers still wrapped around his arm, gently but firmly. For the second time in the past several days, he was reminded of that dance they shared. The placement of Steve’s hands on his arm took him back to that night when they shared a little of their personal stories and understood each other just a little better.
“No, no, we’re not. My team died trying to save your sorry asses,” Rocket shook the severed armor at Tony and Steve. “And now your precious metal man has to come in and take a crap in my home!”
He whipped his head back to the individual he’d initially been looking for. “Are you girls getting along?” Tony asked Natasha.
“We must keep moving. My medical contact is on a schedule,” Nebula offered him her hand.
Tony caught the smallest of sighs from his former teammate before he turned and left Tony alone with his thoughts. Tony watched him go and wondered how many times he’d have to watch the other man turn his back on him. The thought conjured up a whole new level of emotions that he wasn’t prepared to unpack. It was just another reminder that there wasn’t anything left for him on this planet.
Steve wasn’t there.
“So you’re just going to run away?” The words were spoken as a challenge wrapped around a genuine layer of derision. Something Steve must’ve picked up from Tony over their years working together.
“Are you hurt?” Tony crouched down to get on the same level as the boy. He noticed that the child had some kind of metal braces on his legs. They were smoothly designed pieces of machinery that glowed blue at the joints. The contraption on the boy’s left leg was bent and clearly broken.
And for that, his respect for her deepened. “Just getting to know the neighbors,” she added with a touch of levity.
The boy managed to look even more concerned. “But he only has one arm! How could he swim?” Tony couldn’t stop the amused chuckled that escaped his lips.
Nebula stood up straight, her annoyed expression shifting back to a more neutral appearance.
“But deep losses, you remember the last place. They lost half of their population.”
Tony returned his attention to Rhodey. “What?”
She informed him that they would be landing soon. They needed supplies, repairs, and she wanted him to see a skilled doctor.
The shifting gravity of the planet closed in on the solitary man. It pressed up against the sides of Tony’s skull and plugged his ears. Other parts of his body felt as if they were being pulled and stretched. The sensations were closely followed by a buzzing noise that amplified the rush of blood through his brain and body. Then internal droning grew louder as he held his breath and prepared to unravel like his companions before him. Tony was sure the breaking down of his molecules had already begun, and he was merely experiencing the disintegration in slow motion. He could feel his skin become numb and separate at the seams. He was sure that the gentle breeze on the planet was flowing right through him as his flesh evaporated.
Tony locked in the speed and finally sat back in the co-pilot’s seat. He dragged his thumb across his brow and sighed. They were on a course to some unknown planet. It wasn’t earth. She made the decision, and he wasn’t in the right state of mind to argue with her. Tony wasn’t ready to face a world of dust...
Tony gingerly touched his temple as if trying to nurse a headache. In reality, he was trying to hide his face, unsure of what his longtime friend would see there.
Tony closed his eyes, trying to understand what just happened. Was it a dream? Was it a vision, much like the one that infested his psyche during the birth of Ultron. This wouldn’t be the first time the stress of his new life had caused him to be haunted by dreams and suffocating anxiety.
“I need to get back out there and find that purple son of a bitch and do what this team is supposed to do: avenge,” Tony interjected.
Nebula brushed past him without meeting his curious gaze. He considered following her to make sure she was alright. While she didn’t openly share much with Tony during their few weeks together, he knew that she must’ve gone through several layers of hell to wind up on Titan with him at the end of all things.
“Absolutely not, Tony,” she hissed at him. The first real emotion he’d seen from her and a true telling of how much she was holding back. Natasha didn’t lose her cool. And she definitely didn’t lose it over anything Tony Stark ever said.
“We’re up!” He yelled, but the woman was already beside him, sliding into the other chair. He caught a grimace on the woman’s usually stoic expressions. She shook her hand as if trying to work through an annoyance or a pain and attempted to focus on the navigation systems.
Nebula quickly took charge. “Rocket--”
Tony fell into the closest seat. For a brief second, his eyes lit up as he scanned the machinery before him. He reached forward and gingerly touched the various screens and buttons.
Tony jolted out of the trance. He carefully swung his chair back around towards Nebula. He was out of breath, his body on full alert.
The active Avengers were always coming and going so Tony knew to try the debarkation bay for the person he knew would give him straight answers. He was momentarily surprised to find that Natasha was already entertaining someone.
“Why?” Tony responded dispassionately. Why bother?
Very frustrated voices followed the disturbance. A very heated debate raged on at what appeared to be a failed mission. Captain America’s firm voice stood out above the others. Rhodey sighed and readjusted himself so that his back was away from the activity. Tony, however, was grateful for the distraction from his current predicament.
If Tony weren't already so tired and overwhelmed, he would've called the man out days ago. But he just didn't have it in him. Not yet, at least.
“That's Rocket?”
When Natasha didn’t respond, Tony elaborated with one word.
Tony wanted to know exactly what happened and who he was talking about, but he already had his suspicions. He watched Rhodey leave the lab and quickly searched for the Captain outside.
Before turning towards him, the kid tried to wipe his face with his dirty sleeve. He then looked at Tony, ashamed, and trying so very hard to hide it. The boy’s eyes seemed familiar.
But there was that dream he had before all of this started. One of the last conversations he had with Pepper had to do with his dream where they had a kid.  Had his subconscious been trying to warn him to protect Peter? If so, why was he still seeing visions of a child after he’d failed and gotten Peter killed?
“Let me get you checked out.” Bruce ushered him toward the medical bay, and Tony looked away from Cap.
Tony pushed off from the desk and lifted his head. Only to nearly propel himself into the statue-like figure of the Captain.
“Excuse me?”
The woman ushered him around, never once taking her hand off of him. That jagged metal something continued to dig into his flesh until they were on board the ship. She unceremoniously pushed him aside before moving past him and retreating deeper into the ship.
“Some things never change,” Tony said with a half-hearted laugh. He hoped the joke about the numerous times Rhodes had found him in a strange situation in his lab would diffuse the current tension.
Once inside, they quickly join up with the other Avengers. These kind of events are never really about the people involved unless it is for a quick photo to be uploaded to Instagram for a popularity contest. It’s more about rubbing shoulders with the elite, about the gift bags and the politics and the who’s who. Tony is so glad he has an excuse not to attend these anymore, to plaster on his fake smile and pretend that he’s happy to be there.
Antonia was confused. She could not endure to give him the true explanation, for knowledge of what he would say, “I could tell you, but you would not approve, and call me a gossip.”
“How marvelous!” Miss Hill crowed, unaware of the atmosphere that had sunk into the room, “I am
The officer goes to speak, perhaps sees the devastated look on Tony’s face, the quiet sadness of Sarah’s, and thinks better of a reply. He walks down the makeshift corridor, personnel moving out the way as they pass. Tony doesn’t like the looks of pity, of understanding, as they continue.
Miss Romanov, seldom spoke before, except among her own set, spoke now. “Such things do occur, undoubtedly.” She was stopped as all attention turned to her, coughing slightly.
Steven brushes a curl out of Antonia’s vision, face achingly tender and so full of love it brims over and spills into Antonia’s skin. She feels so light with happiness its surprise she doesn’t soar into the clouds. He kisses her like a man starved, and she kisses him like he’s the oasis in a drought. They reclaim each other again, wrapped up in each other so close that it’s hard to tell where one begins and another ends (and thankfully, by this point, Maria and Jarvis have turned away to allow them their privacy, for if it was anyone else but those two watching, there may have been a challenge of honour). They stop now and then to giggle into each other’s space, the happiness bubbling over like an overboiled cauldron, continuing to learn each-others lips in the tranquility of Highbury’s gardens, only the birds their witnesses.
“I wasn’t – I was just –“
i'm not sure about the ending, as i feel my writing has changed in the span of time this has been left abandoned so perhaps it doesn't fit as well? and it kind of became a character study? but i wanted to get one done for you lovely souls. i hope i did it justice. spot the gratuitous friends reference and i'll be your best friend.
“What are you doing here?” Tony asks when he remembers how oxygen works, remembers how words feel on his tongue. It’s not a harsh question. He thought Steve was on assignment, he’d spoken to him on a satellite phone mere days ago, signal patchy and only catching one in every three words as Saharan wind swallowed the rest. It was an awful, shitty routine once a week that served as nothing more than a chance to reaffirm their love for one another. Tony wouldn’t trade it for anything, schedule always completely shut off for an hour before and an hour after the time he got to steal from Steve’s other love, freedom.
The words come out in a rush, but Stark seems to parse them out with surprising ease. That’s a good sign for the future at least, Steve seems to be half incomprehensible when doing something stupid.
“Ah yes.” Mr. Barton agrees, “The fault for my delayed appearance does lie with me but I confess that had I known I was to find such a pretty young woman in Miss Stark I would have maybe made sure to appear sooner. I’m afraid I don’t know the area at all, so I may yet require your delightful assistance.”
It’s safe to say that consequently Steve doesn’t probably make the best impression in the meeting that follows. Hell, he’ll be impressed if he made any impression at all other than “wow this man is extremely sweaty”. He gathers himself enough after several excruciating minutes to piece together some observations he and his team have made in the first day or so of working over the security and the suggestions he makes are ones he’s fairly proud of. Nat swung it out of the park for them, and it shows by how Stark quietly sits there brooding, clearly unhappy that they are actually quite competent.
Steven spoke very little of his own family, the destruction that littered his birth and upbringing. The scythe followed his lineage, followed his friends, closely and furiously. What little he let slip out in a puzzle piece only slowly unweaving itself even now to Antonia, was nothing but full of love and praise. How very callous of her to suggest.
Tony’s throat is dry, his heart thundering, his cock so full it aches. “What am I going to do with you?” He questions, half to himself, half part of this charade. He’s surprised how deep and dark his voice comes out.
“Why Steven, you surprise me. Antonia will do Virginia good: and by keeping Antonia interested, Virginia does Antonia good in reverse. I am gladdened to see Antonia have a friend her age, who can keep her on her toes. But I can see this is about to be one more of our quarrels about Antonia, Mr. Rogers.”
“You can come out now darling.” Sarah’s voice is clear, cuts through the cacophony of Tony’s thoughts. He’s not spared a minute to panic, for she steps through before he can think to hide. Her eyes widen in surprise before she settles, smooths her sundress with slightly shaky hands, and smiles wide.
“I think I’m crying a little bit.” Sam whines, before Clint reaches over and ruffles his hair.
“Pepper – oh poor, poor Pepper!” Those were the words Antonia could not get her voice past; those were the words that lay the torment she could not get rid of, the real misery of this whole sorry business. Clint Barton, well, he had behaved ill by herself – but it was not so much
The time passed well, Antonia thick in conversation with Pepper and Steven for a large part of it. She could not bring herself to feel guilty for spending large swathes of time monopolizing the hosts attention, for she felt he enjoyed having his attention demanded so. He could never say no to her with any real success.
“I bet you didn’t think it would ever be someone like me.” Steven says, timid and self-deprecating.
The next time it happens, they are fighting a dragon in the middle of Times Square. Thor is flying around, booming about how it is an unworthy opponent and he will make it rue the day it landed on Midgard, so clearly this beast has been sent by Loki for him to be in such a good mood. Their relationship seems a complex one, based on how much one antagonises the other, but Steve does not question it. He knows that the familiarity in a strange world probably soothes the demi-god, and if that means fighting side by side with him against a scaly foe, so be it.
“You storm into my life like a hurricane, make me your pretend boyfriend and let me fall in love with your friends and your life in less than a day like some shitty romcom. Then you get inside my skin and fuck me like you mean it, and then leave?” Tony’s voice steadily grows louder, shaking with rage.
The dance with Clint was enough to confirm her suspicions. There was nothing like flirtation between her and her partner at all. They seemed more like cheerful, easy friends, than lovers. That Clint Barton felt and thought less of her than he had done, was indubitable. And Antonia merely felt happier for it.
She was surprised that neither of them could hear the sound of her heart shattering in the room.
“If - if my being who I am. Is an issue for you, I can understand and I won’t ask you for anything back.” Steven’s words are bitten out, awkward and scared little things that seem so at odds with the man before him.
“I do not say it is so; but you do well to consider whether it is so or not, and to regulate your behavior accordingly. I think your manners to him encouraging. I speak as a friend, Antonia. You had better look about you, and ascertain what you do, and what you mean to do.
“Hey.” Tony whispers back. Then, because after all, he is
“The last person you set me up with was Brock and does
When she caught his eye, she forced him to smile; but in general he looked grave upon her. She wished he could love a ballroom better, could like Clint Barton better. He seemed to observe her, but she knew better than to flatter herself into thinking that he thought well of her dancing. But there was nothing untoward in her behavior, nothing even remotely like a flirtation between her and her partner. They seemed more like cheerful, easy friends, than lovers. She didn’t examine why that particular thought didn’t upset her.
The Picture (for it was of such worth it was permanently capitalized in her head), elegantly framed, came safely to hand soon after Mr. Hammer’s return from London. Being hung over the mantelpiece in the common sitting-room, when he visited next he looked at it thoroughly, sighing out sentences of admiration just as he ought. As for Virginia’s feelings, Antonia could visibly see them forming into a strong and steady attachment as her youth and timidity allowed. Before long, Antonia was thoroughly satisfied of Mr. Rhodes erosion from Virginia’s mind, and replaced with a contrast of Mr. Hammer.
Tony couldn’t move a muscle, and he couldn’t gather a coherent thought or explanation. What was this? Some sort of waking dream or PTSD induced vision? Was he having a stroke and misunderstanding what a native boy was communicating?
‘What makes you so special?’ Rockets words continued to bounce around his skull. There was the sarcastic side of him that wanted to immediately point out the glaring fact that it wasn’t just him that survived on Titan. There was his true-blue companion as well. But he knew what Rocket really meant. The Guardian wanted to understand why fate spared him, one man in a suit of armor, and took almost everyone else.
Tony turned to face his former teammate. Rogers wasn’t afraid of meeting Tony’s eye, nor was he timid to show how very frustrated he was with Tony.
Tony met her eyes, his small victory over technology was forgotten as her two words hit him.
Before Tony could make sense of what he was hearing, a sharp pain shot through his body starting at the area where Thanos had stabbed him. It was so hot and fierce that he collapsed out of the chair and curled into himself. Tony's hands were wet and sticky from what he presumed was blood. Before he could fight the pain long enough to inspect the damage, a pair of familiar boots came into his view. Brown, practical army boots covered in mud and grass and something red. He looked up expecting to see Captain America bearing down on him but instead it was his new travel companion.
He expected to see Nebula, but he was still alone. He frowned and turned his attention back to the readout. A minute went by when he heard the sound again, now very clearly a humanoid voice and not just an unfamiliar vibration in the alien spaceship.
Tony sized up his moody alien escort. She continued to check readouts and pretend that they weren’t having a heart-to-heart. He was curious about this famed Gamora. He wanted to learn more about her, but he was suspicious about Nebula’s attempt at conversation. He hadn’t known her long, but he got the feeling that she didn’t waste words.
Of all the individuals Tony imagined he'd be drinking and joking with on a Friday night, it wasn't Captain America. The two of them didn't really get off on the right foot when they were first thrown together.
Nebula caught his eye as she passed by the large windows of the lab, but she didn’t stop. Maybe Tony was paranoid, but he swore she’d passed by the windows ‘nonchalantly’ several times over the past couple of days. Could she be checking up on him? Did she somehow feel responsible for him? Another satisfied smile touched the corner of his lips without actually forming a complete expression. The idea that he’d somehow garnered the devotion of such a woman was something that Tony Stark from ten years ago would’ve found great pride in.
Apparently now wasn’t the time to reintroduce some humor into his casual conversation. Rocket promptly located the closest thing to a weapon, a detached arm from an older Iron Man suit. He swiftly began charging it up.
As if on cue, Nebula came into view. It was strange to see Nebula around the Avengers’ headquarters. She had attempted to be disinterested in Earth and ‘Terran technology,’ but he often found her staring at a television or even sneaking a smartphone into her pocket.
A part of Tony wanted to continue to scream at him. To remind him that it was Steve who left him alone two years ago. He wished to point out the many times Steve had promised that they’d fight this evil together and win or lose they’d do it side by side.
Natasha stood beside one of the computer consoles, her arms crossed and body language, showing a hint of impatience. Or at least he thought that's what she was communicating. He’d known her for years, and he still had difficulty reading her
“Where’s Pepper?”
He didn’t bother to request a destination, nor did he check where she was taking him. He was in no hurry to return to Earth and what may or may not be there. So he was content to let Nebula chart their course.
He frantically looked for something on the screens that could be mistaken for the voice of his former teammate.
“Just try to access the power system.” She promptly went back to where she’d been tinkering for the past hour.
There was no way of really knowing how much time had elapsed. It was only when his head dipped forward that he was reminded that rest may be something to reconsider. He dug his knuckles into his sleepy eyes and blinked rapidly to try and stay alert. He noticed the grime, sweat, and blood on his fingers as he pulled them away from his face. For a brief moment, Tony contemplated finding something that resembled a shower and a change of clothes.
“Gamora. My sister.”
“Hey, hey!” Rocket approached him.
Tony bent down to retrieve his backpack. A gesture to signal to Rogers that he was finished discussing his decision. Steve grabbed his upper arm, and for a moment, Tony got a flashback to their first confrontation six years ago.
Tony wasn’t sure where he was going, he just knew he needed to get out. His body carried him on autopilot away from the laboratory. He found himself by one of the windows that overlooked the landing pad. Tony hugged himself as he regarded the Benatar below.
She frowned but quickly returned to the task at hand.
Tony dug a knuckle in his eye to try to wipe the vision out. But the boy was still there and still very distressed by the lack of movement in the beloved robot. As if on autopilot Tony replied, “Well, he...he fell a long way into the water...”
“I--I didn’t mean to break them, daddy.”
From the corner of his eye, Tony thought he saw Steve take a step towards him. The other man appeared to quickly correct his path to follow the raccoon towards Nebula. Tony didn’t bother to overhear their conversation. Rhodey was already leading him toward the facility.
The kid hiccuped as he tried to gain control of his sobbing. A timid, broken voice answered him with, “I- I didn’t mean to.”
When he reopened them, the boy was gone. He could still see something that resembled the braces on his leg braces. It didn’t seem right, though... they were too big and too far away. Tony gasped at the boy's disappearance and the strange shift in the world around him. The room seemed to tip and tilt at the sudden erasure of this familiar little stranger.
Rocket proudly pulled out a device. “You think I’d leave my ship and not have a tracking device installed?”
Prologue
“Get up, Terran,” she instructed.
“Vision.”
“Alright!” Again, Captain America’s voice resounded in the small space, demanding everyone’s attention. “Rocket, go take a walk. Stark, stand down. Whether either of you wants to admit it, we are all fighting for the same thing here. There’s not--” Roger’s voice faltered for half a second. Tony wasn’t even certain anyone else in the room caught the misstep. “There’s not many of us left. Turning on each other isn’t going to bring anyone back.”
“Oh, is that it? Are we done?”
“Nebula,” she said as she dropped her arm and met his eye.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and leaned forward, draping himself over his knee as he tried to make sense of what had just happened. The buzzing had increased in his head and the pressure on his brain intensified. Dizziness and nausea followed close behind, warning Tony that an anxiety attack was starting to bloom.
Except what had happened to Vision? He had an infinity stone embedded in his skull. Tony’s imagination drummed up multiple scenarios, all of them ending the same, but none of them satisfactory. He considered prying information from his labmate but decided to spare him the interrogation.
A shift in the light patterns on the glass pulled him from his own thoughts. He refocused on the reflection in the window and tensed as a shadowy figure emerged. The person was quite a long way behind him but very clearly watching Tony. While many of the details were lost in the reflection, Tony could see the grim worry and determination on Steve Roger's expression.
“I can’t go down there. There is nothing left for me down there.”
Doctor Strange and Peter Parker were both better men than him. The universe should’ve chosen them and let Tony find peace in oblivion.
“...Stark… STARK!”
Nebula increased their pace. “No.”
Tony wouldn't admit it readily, but there was a time in his childhood when he idolized the Star-Spangled Man. A dusty stack of comics and a few dozen childish draws in some forgotten attic would attest to this.  However, Tony's first years into his teenagerhood quickly erased that adoration. Primarily because of his father's own idolization of his wartime buddy. Howard never failed to hold up Captain Rogers as a shining example of what a person should want to become. Howard never outright said it, but Tony got the message that Rogers was the ideal and Tony would never live up to that standard.
“Yay,” Tony exclaims softly before continuing his work. “FRIDAY, have you figured anything out from this place?”
“I suggest we go to a bar, have a night out?” he suggests. When Clint breathes in to start talking, Steve quickly interrupts. “Without alcohol.”
children.”
“Dude, I was so close from knowing what planet I came from!”
I don't know... just hang on, okay?
“I’m heading back inside. My break’s over, after all,” she responds. Before she starts walking, Peter jumps back up and grabs her hand to stop her.
“No!” Hulk started ramming and smashing onto the demon. “Hulk, stop, you moron!” Thor grumbled loudly.
“Surprise!” they exclaim. Slapping Tony lightly on the shoulder, they make their way inside, surprising literally everybody in the room.
“He’s just a kid!” Tony counters. His kid, but they don’t need to know that for now.
Shame, that’s probably the first thing he’s feeling. Only two days ago did he tell Cap that he was alright, that he wouldn’t do anything stupid. But then Pepper came to pick up the last of her stuff, and Tony was once again reminded of how alone he actually is.
“Idiot,” Yaël mumbled as the whip quickly pulled the zombie into the water. Her voice sounded hoarse from getting choked just a few minutes ago.
At first, Yaël wondered why the girl didn’t hang out with Peter instead of her, but after a while, Yaël noticed that Peter didn’t have much time since he started with the internship. Not that she blamed him or anything, she was glad he finally got forward and took the chance to get to know his dad better, even though Stark still didn’t know. Well, it wasn’t totally Peter’s fault that Yaël didn’t see him a lot as he asked her to join his patrols every now and then. But Yaël couldn’t do that as she was no hero. She didn’t trust her skills and her control enough to help people with it, so Peter was better off saving the town without her.
“Wha-?” he starts asking.
Natasha is in the gym, giving the training dummy probably half of her best shot. She’s sweaty, sticky and still full of so much energy inside of her. A small shout comes out of her mouth as she swings her leg up towards the head of the dummy, and it comes flying off.
“But Dad, what about this; I’ll look after Strange while you hold down that crazy guy over there?” Peter suggests. He can agree on not fighting along, but he can at least make sure Strange doesn’t die on the spot.
“Uhm, we should get going, then.”
?’ in confusion. There’s some mumbling that he can’t really focus on.
So writing's been slow these past few days because I got the game 'Detroit: Become Human' since Monday and have finished it 3 times already since then. I'm insanely inspired by the story, it's crazy!
Wade finally found what he was looking for: a bottle of hair dye. He raised his hand, holding the bottle, with full glory. Yaël raised an eyebrow.
“Oh, uh, I’m sorry Mr. Stark. I’ll take that,” Peter excuses himself quickly, fishing his phone out of his bag and hurriedly. The man in front of him just looks at him in amusement. Seeing whose name is on the screen, he feels a sense of dread going through him. Adding another ‘sorry’ to his list of apologies, he presses on the ‘answer’ button, and holds the device to his ear. “Yeah?”
Another chill passes through him, but being on edge almost constantly it’s pretty much exhausted. With barely a millisecond’s notice, Peter is pushed against the wall, staring straight into an angry Black Widow’s face, the gun pressed against his neck as she holds him skillfully.
“No, they are in your world?”
Is it obvious that he’s not in the mood for anything? He’s probably imagining the aching in his chest he’s been feeling since a few days now. Instinctively, he still presses his hand above where his heart is, massaging the sport nervously.
Peter pulls his eyebrows together, putting a finger against his chin as he tries to think. Biggest pan in the world? Is there even such a thing? Isn’t it just impractical to have a too big pan in the world?
FRIDAY suddenly says out of nowhere. Tony glares once more at the ceiling.
“Maybe, but I like doing it,” she returns. After that, she drops the picture and puts a hand on Peter’s cheek instead. “You’re such a goof.”
“So, uh, how long have you been here?” Peter asks.
“Well, first you are getting in that suit of yours, and then-“ Tony continues whispering the rest of his plans in Steve’s ears, completely aware that Steve’s probably blushing so hard he’s almost as red as a strawberry.
“Oh?” Tony cocked his eyebrow, but waited to hear Steve out before saying anything about it.
With their lips against each other, he can hear Steve muttering against his just as much as he can feel it.
“No I’m not,” Peter assures her. He throws a web in her face, distracting her. After that he jumps up onto her shoulders, wrapping his legs together around her neck and trying to make her fall over. “Where did you learn to fight like this?”
They all nod. Simultaneously, they take off their aprons and put them down on the table. Then after saying goodbye to everybody (and high-fiving a couple of the homeless they’ve come to befriend), the five of them finally head out.
“YAËL, WAKE UP GIRLIE!” Yaël almost jumped out of bed from getting scared up.
Peter’s father.
“What did I miss?” he asks.
“You know what, this is bullshit. I’m not officially a part of the Avengers yet, I don’t have to listen to you,” Peter suddenly says, leaving the two of them as he starts running towards the fight. Steve curses out, reaching up for his comm-link.
“Well, we’re rather happy with Peter’s school. I’m sure Harry would like it there. Maybe they could even become friends?”
He tries to joke. Nobody takes it.
“Drop the act. I don’t care what you wear, but don’t pretend to be someone you’re not. I’m not dumb. If this is your vision on the manly brain, it’s very stereotypical,” he answered a bit dryly while leading her into a park. Yaël had to stop herself from letting her mouth drop open like a dumb twat.
Peter realizes he hasn’t been taking his medication about two weeks. For some reason, he’s been constantly so distracted that he actually kept on forgetting about it. Now, standing in the bathroom and finding the empty bottle of pills, he realizes he must have just forgotten about getting new ones.
“Okay, what’s happening? Please don’t tell me you’ve invited that douche from security? Or the X-men? Because I really don’t think we have much space in here, anymore.”
Tony nods. He doesn’t speak, knowing that Bruce’s clearly not yet finished talking.
“Peter, calm down, you’re scaring me. Are you alright?”
“Wait, what about Judith?” Peter asks in confusion. Why would George’s wife not be with them?
Peter had the power to stop the guy, but out of anger towards everybody – including the cashier who didn’t want to help him buy his milk – he didn’t. And his Uncle ended up dead.
“Okay, I have an answer that will soothe you, maybe… What if Wade has met Death multiple times now, and he really likes her?”
Swinging through the window of his apartment, Peter lands into the living room while pulling his mask off almost immediately. He’s aware Karen is trying to tell him that Steve is calling him. He doesn’t care, taking off the suit as quickly as he can.
“You must be joking, right?” Johnny asks.
Mr. Stark stays quiet for a few minutes before standing up again. Then he picks up his cellphone and starts typing stuff in such a speed that Peter wouldn’t even be able to follow. Right now, all Peter wants is to just go to bed, but he’s still got a few hours to go at work. He should return.
Yaël waved and both of her creations waved back at her.
“Alright, you just get that needle here,” she gestures right above the spot where an obvious blue vein is popping out already. “Don’t push the needle in too far, just… a few millimeters are enough.”
we’re talking about. I’m just a kid, I can’t bypass his systems?”
look like they’re meant for instant kill.
“Hi Natasha,” Peter says, happy that he got the permission to call everybody with their first name here. Wanda, he would have done so anyway, but the others? No, he waited for permission on that one. “You’ve been working out?”
“Undetermined,” Tony admits with a sigh. “The team knows, I’ve told them a little while back. Rescuing you from the Goblin has been my last act as Iron Man. Sounds fitting, too.”
“I told Peter about the Infinity War. He didn’t take it too well at first, but now it seems like he hasn’t completely processed it. Just… be sure to pay attention to him in the next few days.” Tony turns towards the hallway that leads to the bedrooms. “He hasn’t been taking his meds the entire time he’s been with Venom, and I fear that he might just stumble into a dark hole when the effects of the suit wears off.”
“I’m going to have to pull out all the stops, then,” Tony teased back. Steve lets out a small chuckle, squeezing Tony’s hand and pulling it up to press a quick kiss against his knuckles.
Steve doesn’t respond, just nods. He gets on his feet, pecks Tony on the lips before doing the same to Peter’s cheek. After a quick promise that he’ll be back, he exits the room and closes the door behind him. May, then, too gets on his feet.
“Come on, Tony, I know we don’t agree on keeping a watch on Peter, but you can’t kick me out for only this? Is this about the kids-issue?”
Toomes nods. “Elizabeth,” he groans out, but keeping himself in check as much as he can.
pretty popular back then,” Tony clarifies.
Arriving at the Compound is just like always; he’s greeted by a few of the Avengers, heads to the kitchen to grab a coffee for him and Tony, and then he heads to the workshop to get some work going.
couldn’t die, Yaël thought as she ran around looking for Peter. Yaël almost fell down as she felt something big fly just over her head, almost touching her. It was a man with giant metal wings, wearing some kind of red goggles. He disappeared in the smoke in front of her. Right, so the fight was in that direction. Yaël ran forward, maybe Peter was there too, maybe she could help. Somewhere, someone grunted and splashed in the water. As soon as Yaël could make out who it was, through the smoke, she started sprinting. Some creepy, shiny person-thing with pointy ears was trying to drown Peter, who was in his Spider-Man suit, in the pond.
“He was this guy I worked with at SHIELD, but turned out to be HYDRA. We kind of dropped a building on his head,” Steve explains shortly, as if that’s supposed to make everything clear. Tony still frowns, though, not really catching up but then deciding to just roll with it.
“Mr. Stark would never do that,” Vision counters, a bit insulted at the idea. Wanda assures him that she didn’t mean it by putting a hand on his arm. Paul and Betty ask for a quick update on who exactly that was. Peter gives them the short version of the story.
And that’s when the portal re-appears. It’s the same bright white light, the same force pulling him back inside, but seemingly only him. Gwen seems unaffected by it.
Tony returns about forty minutes after he’s been called away. Entering the visiting room, he lets his mouth fall open in confusion upon seeing only Steve sitting there with no Peter in sight. Steve clears his throat, ignoring the ache in his chest upon seeing Tony again. After all, they still have a lot to talk about.
“What do you mean?” Sandy asks. They come to stand at the door of the patient’s room, keeping their voices low. It’s not like he can hear them, but the other patients could. They notice the doctor standing by the man’s bedside, once again having a look at the place where the exo-skeleton is stuck to his spine. So far, all their attempts of removing it have been unsuccessful. The arms defend themselves, and multiple nurses and doctors have been thrown around the room in the trying.
” Was the only answer she got back. No explanation, nothing.
Harry just shrugs. “She said something about an Eddie? Something about him searching you out for the entire week but not finding you? Apparently, he’s branding you a coward for ‘running away from his fist’ or something like that.”
here? I saw you die, Peter? Right after the Goblin threw you off that tower. I’ve spent the past four years blaming myself for it, I…” Her voice cracks in the emotion. Gwen lowers her head, pressing her brows against Peter’s shoulder. “After all these years, and I find myself still loving you,” she chuckles out sadly.
“And I made trouble with Mr. Stark?”
Peggy makes a happy sound, looking as if she’s about to start crying in glee. With skinny, frail arms, she wraps them around Peter’s shoulder and pulls him into a hug.
perfect. I said you’re perfect to
“Don’t tell me that’s Peter,” Tony mutters out, pointing towards the baby in Johnny’s arms. It looks about eight months old, maybe. The moment the kid’s big brown eyes fall on Tony, he stops crying.
“Yup,” Mr. Stark says, and then he steps out of the car without any warning. “C’mon, you’re coming with me.”
, as they’ve come to call it. He hates the name, hates even the simplest mention if the Infinity Stones. Except for the Time Stone. That one’s good. Long live the Time Gem.
So Peter isn’t surprised when Tony opens the door and Steve is standing there, in a suit and his hair slicked back. Still unshaven, he looks very much like one of those models nowadays. Peter smiles as he looks at it.
Peter doesn’t speak, only holds out his thumb to say it went well, and then he waves at them quickly. Once again, there’s no response from Mr. Stark, who seems to be getting more annoyed by Cap’s presence.
When she woke up, she didn’t wake up. They had put some sort of on and off switch in her skull, linked to the part of her brain that steered her powers. And that’s exactly how she ended up in the Chitauri attack, as a puppet, a pet, a weapon as thoughtless as a gun. Somewhere after that, SHIELD captured her and put her in the cage as they tried to get that thing out of her skull.
for forcing Tony to come here.
“No! We’re just friends, we have nothing planned,” he mutters out, trying not to think back on that almost-kiss during senior prom.
“Oops,” she mutters, seeing the destroyed thing in front of her. She goes to the side to pick up her water bottle, and takes a large swing of it while putting her hand on her hip. After the bottle is empty, she takes a few long breaths before looking up. “FRIDAY, where are James, Clint and Sam right now?”
“Tomorrow,” Tony promises. “Now, less talking and more making out.”
his father.
(See the end of the chapter for
way. His insides turn from it at the idea of even doing this, but on the other side it gives him an immediate thrill as well.
He nods lightly, closing the lids of the box again and lifting it up without an effort.
“You know, Charles, I blew up my sister AND I actually thought Steve was my friend, sick times” she mumbled as she searched for her flightnumber.
Dum-E turns his head a bit to the side again, opening up his claw and grabbing Peter by his shirt.
“Miss Yaël-“
“Listen, I don’t know why you don’t like him, Aunt May, but Mr. Stark is really teaching me so much!” Peter quickly comes to his defense. Aunt May lets out a shaky laugh, shaking her head as she stares him down. One of her hands goes back to her hair again.
,” FRIDAY returns.
“Nah, guy’s probably busy trying to deal with whatever’s going on there,” he returns, though there’s an obvious lack of conviction in his voice. Miles knows Peter and Harry used to be best friends when they were kids, but after the man took over his father’s company, things must have been stressful. Adding to that, there’s also the anticipation of the upcoming wedding between Osborn and Elisabeth Allen.
Yaël smiled and turned back to her rice pudding. Just when she wanted to put the first spoon of her breakfast in her mouth, she suddenly heard a whooshing sound and a grunt, which made her jump up. Oh, Goddamn, she surely hoped the man wouldn’t jump off the cliff or anything, he looked so peaceful!
Whenever Peter asked something about it, they just give him the crap explanation of:
“Dr. Cho and her team pumped your stomach empty after I took you in. She’s pretty angry, by the way. Everybody is.”
Warnings for this chapter:
Then Mr. Stark sighs and looks back up, eyes meeting Peter’s.
“You have an awesome son, indeed,” Steve says, pulling himself back up until his head is resting on Tony’s shoulder. With a hand staying on Tony’s chest, the two lie together, staring at the Arc Reactor.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know your old man that well, I’m afraid,” he admits. Peter can understand that. He’s not going to mention that he was more addressing Clint, Steve and Sam. Though even with Sam it’s not clear if the two got along that well.
Harry Osborn was exactly one year older than him. They shared a birthday, but that was about it. He had been pulled back a class because he couldn’t follow with his peers, and they’ve been sitting next to each other in class all the time, mostly because the others wouldn’t sit with them.
“What, Brucie gets to stay but I don’t? Am I that embarrassing to you, Petey?” he asks, in mock surprise. He then slumps his way to where Peter is standing before throwing his arms around him and pretending to sob against his shoulder.
“And why would you think that I am?”
“You should apply for the Stark scholarship, then,” Dr. Cho says. She leans back against her counter and crosses her arms. “Besides, if you want to earn yourself some money, that internship at Stark’s pays off pretty well – not as much as a normal job there, would, of course.”
Harry assures him. “
It took Yaël a complete hour to make a being from the stones she had gathered. A single drip of sweat rolled from her forehead. With her hands in her side, she looked at her creation, which was rigidly copying her movements. It didn’t move smoothly enough, she would never be able to steer it from her subconsciousness this way, let alone use it fluently. A sigh escaped from her lips, her back hurt, her heart raced like a furious hummingbird and her stomach ached in a very unpleasant way.
“I’m proud of you, son,” he says. Peter chuckles lightly.
Or maybe they knew about it? Maybe his trouble will come, eventually?
And Peter sobs against his shoulder, giving him apologies and holding on to him.
“Great,” she mumbled, feeling a bit grateful that Jason didn’t charge her.
“Tony, Tony, I-“ he starts. He shudders, closing his eyes again. Tony silences him by kissing him.
A silence falls over the room before Tony clears his throat and stands up.
“I am glad to hear that,” he returns. “I must thank you for helping my brother like that, earlier. He really needed it.”
it. And that’s not
Peter decides not to stick around in the room too much. It’s not really polite of him, after all. He closes the door again behind him, figuring that Johnny might just have gone to school or something. Crap, Peter forgot he has classes as well.
“Yeah, I’m peachy. Just gonna lie down here for a sec, though,” Peter returns, frowning at how raspy his voice sounds. Aunt May surely is going to ask questions again. What’s Peter going to say, this time? Should he blame it on another common cold? Hell, maybe he’ll even catch one as well.
“B-but, to the cells?!”
“I tried starting a revolution, but I didn’t have enough pamphlets, so I guess that’s why I didn’t succeed because nobody came...Do you maybe care to join me and help me make more pamphlets?”
Bruce nods, giving him a wave. “Take care, Peter. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
Peter can almost roll his eyes at her compliments. Actually, his life is still kind of crappy. The only reason why he’s even considered it is because he wanted to get to know his father.
Tony mutters.
“Oh,” Yaël answered, “You want to look at it then, I swear, it looks gory as hell!” Loki grinned as he held the door open so she could roll through it.
“Don’t say sorry, you jerk! You couldn’t know! Come in.” she grumbled pissed.
“But, where would the fun be if the girl doesn’t a least play a little hard to get?”
“I didn’t think you’d actually say it!” Steve counters, voice raised just as much as Tony’s. “Can’t you just understand that I love you, Tony? I love you
He hears Steve chuckle behind him, and then there’s a pair of lips pressed against the back of his neck. Tony closes his eyes, letting out a long breath. Steve keeps on humming behind him, the melody put out in perfect tune against the back of Tony’s head. He doesn’t even know how long they’re lying there: a minute? Maybe ten? But by the time Steve has finished humming out the second song, Tony feels relaxed again.
to work up to it.
But it does. Because after everybody’s back to their business and May is announcing that the food will be ready in about fifteen minutes, Tony takes Peter apart and holds out his phone.
“There’s something on your mind,” Yaël asks after a little while of Wade rambling on. Peter hadn’t been listening, but mostly just feels their eyes on him. Peter twitches a bit in his seat, hating the attention. He’s never had so many people listening to him at the exact same time, which is actually kind of pathetic since there are only two of them right here – and one of them is a nutjob.
“Tony, please.” He almost whispered.
After hearing the extent of the losses on earth and learning that he’d lost both Pepper and Happy, Tony made himself scarce. Bruce tried to pull him out of the lab, but the other scientist had a large heart, and he couldn’t give Tony the level of ‘tough love’ that was required to get him to actually do something Tony didn’t want to do. Most of the time, Bruce just shared the workspace with him in silence.
The sharp sting in his side reminded him that his own wound was still fresh regardless of the nanobots that were working to stop the bleeding. Tony leaned back to try and lessen the strain on the injury, but he was vigilant enough to keep one eye open and fixed on what his co-pilot was doing. He’d piloted enough planes, SHIELD vehicles and his own armor to recognize a basic template to the controls even if it was an alien ship.
“Are we at that level of relationship where we can comfortably communicate past meaningless small talk, Nebula?” Tony deflected.
“Terran! Now!”
Tony started to push anything that looked remotely important. The ship wheezed, and the engines groaned at him as if it was an overweight sleeping animal that he was poking with a stick. “Come on, baby,” he muttered as the logic of the controls in front of him started to form a pattern and make sense to his technologically inclined mind.
“Thor’s been expecting me, but you two morons had to take your time getting my ship here.”
When Steve’s eyes met Tony’s, a look of temporary reprieve and joy replaced the man’s stoic expression. It wasn’t a look he was accustomed to seeing on Rogers’ face. The man usually looked at him with confusion, annoyance, and (at times) mild amusement. During their last encounters, all he got from the man were various expressions of anger and disappointment.
Rhodey...
Still, a person's opinion about another could change, and change quickly after sharing a life-changing event together. Such an event like the Attack on New York could create a unique bond in a group of people who, just hours before, were ready to go to blows with each other. The team had fused together under one purpose but, more specifically, he and Steve had stopped openly hating each other. They'd actually started to respect the other and even appreciate the presence and input of each other over the few years they'd collaborated.
“She was a formidable fighter.”
(See the end of the chapter for
With every accusatory question, Steve seemed to increase the space he took up and shrink Tony down to size. He hated to admit it, but all Steve’s concerns were legitimate, and they clearly threw his own motives into doubt. Tony didn’t have a plan. He had a framework of an idea and a couple of capable hands but nothing more.
Tony appreciated the quiet company.
“What, Captain?” The title left is mouth in clipped, sharp Cs and Ts, an emphasis on the full, arbitrary rank bestowed on their ‘fearless’ leader.
He shook his head and continued up the ramp. Nebula appeared to be waiting for him. She stood in the middle of the ‘living’ area as he dubbed it. Honestly, he wasn’t entirely sure what the area was supposed to be intended for, but it had everything necessary for the team to get together and discuss. He imagined the Guardians spending many hours debating their next move or just making jokes about their exploits. He imagined himself being among them away from all the history and failure on earth.
Tony sighed as his fingers wrapped around the Zune. He sat back on his heels and pulled it to the light. Tony's shoulders fell as he noted the chunk of metal out of the corner. He cursed under his breath and tried pressing the play button.
His mind raced to latch onto something that wasn’t a failure or the image of Peter melting in his arms. Something that cleared his mind, an anchor to hold onto as he tried to gain equilibrium with his heart and body.
Through the glass windows of the lab, Tony watched as Natasha and Steve conversed. He wasn’t sure if they were coming or going. Cap, Rhodey, and Nat would be called away at a moment’s notice, so much so that Tony hadn’t had a word with Steve or Natasha since they touched down on earth several days ago.
“I’m not going to be responsible for your death.”
“Tony, we’re here.”
So tonight was a pleasant surprise, all things considered. Tony had discovered the Captain alone in the Avengers communal floor with a book. Tony wondered why Rogers chose to read in this area usually meant for rowdy team-building exercises or last-minute meetings. Judging by the speed in which Steve closed his book and greeted Tony, he could only conclude that the man wanted to be interrupted.
He notices Otto almost immediately, dressed in a light grey uniform that matches Rosie’s coat. The woman comes Otto’s way and kisses him on the cheek. After she tells him something, Otto turns around to where Tony is standing, suddenly smiling widely.
“You really believed that shit?!” Clint huffed out. Her eyes grew big.
“I don’t care,” Tony returns. “If I have to give the people what they want all the time, I should better just go back to making weapons. Some things are just not supposed to be made, especially things that require an actual AI to function.”
“By the way, chess isn’t that hard. You’re a smart girl, you’ll learn it quickly enough,” Charles added. “Besides, did you answer Mr. Rogers’ text?” Charles asked her while moving a pawn. Yaël shook her head.
“Dad! It’s me, Peter! Karen’s not connected to the suit anymore so I couldn’t call you, but I’m fine!” Peter turns to the girl, who is waiting patiently with her arms crossed and her legs tapping the ground. Her eyes are averted, stuck to the street next to them. “What happened after the fight? Did they clean up so fast? How did you not find me?”
“Oh please, it’s not like it’s anything I haven’t seen before,” Pepper says, unimpressed. Tony just holds on to his pants, making sure she doesn’t pull them down.
“Man, that girl really digs you,” Johnny says with a wink, poking Peter in the side. The bad side. After a flinch and a painful groan, Johnny’s eyes open up in surprise and he holds out his hands in apology. Peter gestures that it’s no problem.
Tony turns around to see the redheaded assassin walk up to him with a slight smirk on her face, and Tony can’t help but let out a sigh. If only he could joke along with her.
“Bruce, it’s alright. Just… throw some water on them to chase them off or something,” Natasha tries. Bruce then starts laughing. When suddenly the door opens again, Natasha sees Peter walk in, right on time for his training of the day. Good.
Stuff is happening! FINALLY!
“What were you thinking, Peter? You scared me to death,” Steve whispers against his head, lips pressed into Peter’s hair. The teenager just tightens the hug.
“No, Tony,” Steve warns him. “We still need him.”
Wait a sec! Yaël turned her head back to the Hulk so quickly her neck hurt. Big green hands grabbing her leg and smashing her against the concrete flashed in her mind. She knew it had been an accident, at least that was what Cap had told her, but still, looking at the ginormous creature made Yaël swallow loudly.
Of course he wasn’t, dumb twat, Yaël thought to herself. What could she do? She felt miserable herself. Being afraid to break down if she’d pull him into her arms, she simple patted his arm. Of course that didn’t help. Talking their shit out wasn’t going to happen that day, but Yaël couldn’t care less. Surely, she wanted her friend to know she loved him, and to tell him all the thing she might’ve said on that party didn’t matter anymore. She wanted to tell him she had been childish…but she couldn’t. Yaël knew none of these words, which would all come from her heart, would comfort this boy at this point.
He hurries out of his old suit without a second thought. He picks up the new one, feeling the familiar fabric underneath his fingers. His heart is beating faster, almost as if he’s just run a marathon. It’s only a few seconds before he’s pulling on the clothes, feeling it hang around him like a tent – much like it did back when Tony had him try it out.
It doesn’t matter he got punches in return. The problem is that
Steve had then turned to her with raised eyebrows.
Peter thinks. He hasn’t been to Oscorp ever since picking up the journals.
“Dude, you and Stacey were over before he even went out with her,” somebody in the crowd says. Probably one of their old friends. Peter only vaguely recognizes him in this state. He squeezes his eyes shut for a bit, rubbing them with his fingers while he takes in that last sentence.
he tells himself.
“Uh, aren’t you a criminal yourself?” Peter asks. Finally he sits back up, turning towards her to give her a good look. Cat sits there, hunched forward a little bit and giving Peter a very good view of her cleavage. In all politeness, he very much keeps his eyes from that particular area.
“NO!” she yelled out loud, pressing her lips against the opening of the bottle. She threw her head back and held the bottle vertically, making the alcohol stream into her mouth like it was just water. It burned so badly, but she didn’t stop.
An apartment isn’t all that great without the awesome roommate, he figures. He needs to get talking to Johnny soon, make sure they get all their shit cleared out quick! While yawning, Peter starts walking to his bedroom.
Tony says. Peter nods.
“Cool,” he answers, not finding any other words for it. Eventually the two sit down at the desk. Tony opens the case, takes out the book Steve’s group corrected and puts it down on the table. T’Challa, seated in front of Tony, takes it and gives the pages a quick look.
“He’s quiet about that,” he answers truthfully. “But at least he still allows me to work with him. It isn’t an internship anymore, since I’m no longer graded about this. It’s more of a little job, I suppose? I get paid for tinkering around, at least.”
“You better not test us here, Peter,” Mr. Morita warns him, but Peter then shakes his head.
Luckily, Johnny makes the decision for him. The moment he notices Peter, he gives him an unimpressed look before leaning against the wall, closing the door again the moment Peter’s inside.
“Tony! Oh my GOD!” Steve runs back out of the kitchen. Tony then sighs, pushing his chair back and following right after him.
"What's taking you so long, Steve?" Tony suddenly asks. Peter startles, being used to the silence that he hadn't noticed Steve hasn't said anything.
“My dear friend, we do not need a wedding to get drunk!” he calls out. “Besides, Jane cannot drink.”
FRIDAY responds. "
“Yeah, I ate something on my way here,” he says. Tony nods, downing his glass in one go.
“There’s a prisoner here. His name’s Adrian Toomes,” Tony starts. Steve knows who it is, even got in conversation with the man once or twice, though he has no idea why he’s been taken in. He doesn’t know it about anybody, afraid that he would get angry enough at any of them to start throwing punches. His goal is to get out
The lighting flew around Thor dynamically as he ran up to Völuspá, Hela, whoever the fuck she was. Brunnhilde followed his steps, pulled her sword and started attacking the Queen too. Okay, so Yaël needed to play this smart, because she had clearly no single chance of winning against Hela if she’d just start attacking her.
People congratulate Jane, ask her about the baby’s due date and how exactly they should expect the wedding to go. Peter isn’t listening at all, instead focused on the three other people that have entered the great hall.
Peter snorts, jumping up on the desk and grabbing Tony’s pen to toy with it.
Tony clenches his fist a bit tighter, an angry growl escaping his mouth before he loosens his grip, taking a step back. Strange just readjusts his scrubs and leans down to get the chart from the ground.
And the blush that shows up on Steve’s face is gold! He looks so flustered that it’s almost impossible to remember he’s the fearless Captain America. His Aunt should see the man right now.
“I’m a bit surprised that not only
“Watch out!” a low voice says angrily. Peter looks up, seeing a tall man standing there with his phone pressed against his ear. Said man is no-one other than
“No-yes, yes, of course he is fun, Yaël.”
“Well, around this time, the sun reaches a position which illuminates the garden just perfectly. Sometimes artists and photographers come all the way here to put it into an image, but nothing is better than seeing it in person, no?”
“And what about the Soldier? Or the Android?”
“Dad-“ Peter huffs out, realizing he’s shaking.
MJ is reading a book. It’s alright, Peter is glad that she isn’t one who needs constant physical contact. Keeping their hands to each other, Peter tries to read along to what she’s reading.
(As a matter of fact, Steve
After school, Ned gets a ride with Peter and Happy to get to Stark Tower. Normally, Harry would have joined as well, but he told them he needed to do something before he arrived. Neither Peter nor Ned ask any questions, since he probably just wants a little moment with MJ before he leaves.
They had handcuffed Loki, preventing him to speak by putting some high-tec gag on him, and then they pulled him along to the restaurant that was surprisingly still standing. Tony had paid, since it had been his idea. After that, he offered everybody to just take a quick shower and freshen up at the tower, on the floors that were untouched.
“There’s a ton of other sub-systems in here,” Ned says, smirking a bit. “They’re all disabled, though. It’s called the ‘Training Wheels Protocol’.”
about it, he quickly realizes that
“Don’t break yourself. I’ll catch you another time, darling,” she returns. With a wink, she throws herself back over the edge of the roof. Once she’s far away enough, he realizes she might have done all of this on purpose to get his guard down. If that’s the case, she’s succeeded rather easily.
“I don’t really see how our situations are the same here, Brucie,” Tony adds. Bruce sighs.
So that’s why she stood in front of the apartment Peter lived in the next day. Yaël had bought some ice cream, because ice cream made all the pain disappear, it was pure magic. She didn’t have to teach that day, seeing the job X gave her wasn’t a fulltime one. He couldn’t make her fill in enough hours with these two subjects to create a fulltime job. But she didn’t bother, a job was a job.
Peter nods, taking place behind the table, next to MJ. For somebody who just broke up with her boyfriend, she doesn’t seem all that conflicted at all. Maybe Harry was right and they’re both happy to be free again.
“Can you guys not do this right now?” the guy mutters, his face hovering between theirs.
break-up was hard enough on me as it is. I guess the only reason I haven’t just completely offed myself is because of my
“Oh great, now I’m gonna hear it again,” Tony groans. Before he can stop her, Hilde’s already reaching for her comm-link to pass along the news. She turns away from Tony as she speaks, so he can’t warn her not to do it. Instead, he throws himself back until he’s leaning against the wall. When he puts his head against the stone, it stings as well. Feeling through his hair, he notices that it’s wet. Blood. Great.
“I can’t make such promises,” he jokes, getting a hand through his hair in return. Then Tony pulls away, dragging his suitcase along and hurrying towards the elevator. With one last wave at Peter, he walks out of the penthouse. Peter thinks about going back to Queens then, instead, but then decides not to do it. Aunt May is working her night shifts anyway, so either way he’s home alone.
This is going to be fun.
“No, I’ll see her tomorrow. She doesn’t work on Sunday’s,” Tony counters that idea. Besides, he really doesn’t feel like talking about himself right now. He lets out another sigh, closing his eyes again for a few short seconds.
Tony just stares for a few seconds longer before letting out a deep breath and shrugging.
“Tony, you should read this,” Steve suddenly says. He taps Tony’s shoulder to get his attention. When Tony gives it to him, he gets a book nudging in his direction. Tony takes it over from him carefully.
“You kept him from killing the innocent. I don’t see that as wasted, Steve,” Tony assures the man. The reflection of the window shows Steve and Tony from afar. Peter can see they’re seated at the counter, facing each other. Steve has his head lowered down, while Tony leans forward to put his hand on Steve’s shoulder.
“This, uh…” Steve starts, but he seems speechless. Tony, too, doesn’t really know how to get himself out of this one. The Avengers hate him, there’s nothing much he can change about that.
Gwen’s memory offers kindly. Peter finds himself looking up in surprise, almost expecting her to really stand there in front of him. But he knows that she won’t ever be able to do that again.
to do it this way, but it’s mostly because he’s never done it any differently. He doesn’t want to change into one of those guys that get everything handed to him on a silver platter.
While she was talking, X was looking at her like he was searching for something, like he was examining her, but he stayed quiet. He only started speaking after she was done explaining her viewings.
Though… going on patrol with this strange pain in his side? He should have a quick check in the mirror. Peter hurries to the bathroom, lifting up his shirt and finding confirmation of his theory that he went patrolling drunk again last night. His whole torso is full of bruises.
“Do you have people who know who you really are?” he asks, pushing the right button that lets out a web, and seeing it fly towards the wall. He lets out a small laugh.
“This is bullshit, and I’m not dealing with this. I’m out of here.”
“I can imagine,” Tony returns, smiling as he tries to picture it in front of him. It’s actually a shame he didn’t go along because of his own stubbornness. “When’s the wedding?”
“What the…?” Tony asks, turning towards Peter who just shrugs. He didn’t invite anybody else. At least nobody that could come.
Tony nods with tears in his eyes. Peter helps him put his legs back into the bed and pulls the covers back over him.
She shakes her head, trying to get her head free from this sudden spaced-out stance. Then she hurries towards the bathroom. Because what does it even matter, right? It’s
“You don’t know that!” Peter shouts out, slapping the hands on his shoulders away angrily. His throat hurts from raising his voice. His eyes sting, though he’s sure that’s probably an after-effect from almost being choked to death by his former best friend. “It’s the reason he’s here, isn’t it? To get him BACK?!”
It won’t budge, much like last time.
“What are you talking about?” Her confusion made her calm down a bit.
It’s a kid about Peter’s age that comes up to him this time. He smiles, extremely happy by his visit.
Wade blinked a few times; Clearly, he lost the conversation for a second.
“I’m sure that’s a possibility, but that’s why there will be two of you,” Rhodey says then. Peter opens up the curtain of the shower to give Rhodey another confused look.
Steve sighed, but let Yaël calling Tony an asshole just this once.
Bionic Punch: Tony meets a certain agent who got involved with the trouble in Midland Circle, and he decides to help her out.
Maybe he should get home so late that she’s already sleeping, and then he should probably get up before her… but that’s impossible; Pepper is an early riser; maybe he should sleep in, instead? That will give him, what? A few more hours when she’s at work?
“So do I, but we have no choice. Surtur destroys Asgard, he destroys Hela, so that our people may live” Yaël just listened, not being able to be a part of their conversation. She was thankful that Thor wasn’t treating her like she was going to die or something, otherwise she’d think more about the pain than that she was doing right then. She didn’t want to get treated weirdly, say her goodbyes.
“I’ve moved on,” Peter says, all of the sudden. Gwen turns her head towards him, looking at him while she waits for him to continue. “I almost didn’t, but… I figured you wouldn’t want me to stay stuck in the past, so I’ve moved on eventually.”
Of course, the mood isn’t that great to begin with. With the destruction in Lagos still fresh on their minds, everybody inside of the compound ends up being a bit gloomy. Even with the people who haven’t been present for the battle, it seems to rub off on them.
“No way! I’m feeling like- like I’ve had about five cups of coffee in a row! I feel too energized!”
HER PLATES!
“There are ways to test that, but I’d need DNA-samples from your supposed father to confirm it, and even that would take me days to analyze,” she explains calmly, sounding a bit amused that he would have such mundane troubles. With this, Peter proves that he’s not any different from other people.
“I don’t have a death-stare?” Steve asks, frowning with a slight grin on his lips. Peter copies him, feeling the light air going on here.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope,” he said while mashing the potatoes. “Cap said you’d want us to leave him alone about it, as he is busy with his internship with Stark ‘n stuff. I think something is wrong there, with Stark, but Steve didn’t really talk about it.”
Mantis reacts instantly, standing at his door in just a matter of seconds. Peter hurries towards the knocked-out girl lying on the bed, kneeling down to get a good look at her. Her mask has fallen on the ground, her gloves removed as she was probably trying to do something that needed them off. There’s a phone lying next to her face, though the screen is dark.
It’s not a complete lie, to be honest; Pepper can easily look up if there’s some business deal that needs to be worked out there, so it wouldn’t make sense to make it up.
Felicia shrugs as she starts walking. Peter hurries after her, going the opposite direction of where he’d been intending to go.
The moment the elevator opens again, Peter stumbles into the hallway, hurrying himself to the doors that would bring him outside. He notes quickly that it’s a one-way door, but he’s sure FRIDAY will let him back in once he wants to go back.
“Tony, I’m going to help Thor rehearse his vows, I’m not going to play some sort of game or something,” Steve mutters, still leaning forward while he waits for his kiss.
“Uh, yeah sure, when can I come and get them?” Peter asks while clearing his throat. Above him he can see War Machine and Iron Man flying by, probably on their way to some sort of trouble downtown. Maybe he should see if he can be any help.
“Yes.”
And then they went their separate ways. It was obvious, no? They hardly knew each other, after all. Clint and Natasha were friends for years, sure. Stark had practically adopted Bruce as his brother for some reason. Thor didn’t really ‘belong’ on Earth.
“Uh, how about Gwen? You two still together?” Harry asks then after a while. “You know I met her. She seems nice. Way out of your league, of course.”
“Tony?” Steve asks.
That’s when he realizes he’s falling down from an incredible height.
reason as to why Tony would keep his trap shut about it all. What change is it going to bring into Peter? He already
Other than that, I'm ready to give you the next update.
“Don’t worry, I have a little Angel called ‘Helen Cho’ watching over me.” Then he scoots forward, taking out a pen and opening the book. “Now, let’s get this over with as quickly as possible, and hopefully we’ll get you out of here after the meeting next week.”
After helping him get dressed, Peter is seated down on the couch, a blanket wrapped around him and an untouched hot coco on the table. He doesn’t have the intention of drinking it, feeling like it’ll probably come back out just as fast as it came in. It’s a wonder he didn’t puke that morning, but that’s probably because he hadn’t eaten anything yesterday.
Tony nods, sighing. The nurse helps him to sit up, and then gives him the chance to get himself cleaned up. After he’s dressed, Happy enters the room again, along with Pepper and three other people Tony suspects are doctors.
“You’re lucky this girl came to save your ass. Next time you’ll be less fortunate,” he mutters towards him. Peter rolls his eyes, throwing his hands up in surrender the moment Flash lets go of him.
“Hi, dads,” Peter greets them. Steve looks up, giving Peter a wide smile. Tony doesn’t seem to react, meaning that he’s deep into whatever he’s currently working on.
Stark.
“The queen sends me.”
“Come on, the
“Not now, FRI. U and Id-Jit, you two get the camera ready and start up a new log. Day twenty-five, bleeding edge armor ready for injection, test one.”
And Peter shuts up, patting Tony lightly on the back until he lets go. Then the boy turns to greet Steve with a lighter hug. Tony frowns when he takes in Peter’s figure. He looks a bit pale, maybe even sweaty. Maybe he’s not feeling all that well? He could build up a fever, perhaps. Tony reaches out his hand to put it on Peter’s forehead.
He’s asleep by the time his first visitor arrives.
“Hello little man,” Tony whispers, not willing to wake up the boy’s mother. Carefully, he starts stepping aside, making sure that he’s a safe distance away from her.
have called the front desk…
Anyway, enough of my complaining. Here are the CHAPTER WARNINGS:
“Alright, I’ll get everybody ready,” Loki then says. He turns back towards Steve. “You should join your family, take a seat before all the good ones are taken.” There’s a grin on his face, though it doesn’t look mischievous. Steve nods, bowing slightly before turning into Tony’s direction. Then, before he goes, he stops in his steps, giving Yaël a short look.
“Get out of here, it’s too dangerous!”
“Dr. Strange requests assistance in Midtown. Apparently, an old friend of him has returned seeking for revenge. Strange’s hurt,” Tony mutters out. He turns towards the others. “Suit up and get there as quickly as you can. Wanda and Hope, you two stay here with Bruce and Shuri and try to figure out what to do with that suit. We’ll help out Strange.”
He tells about the day that Mary met Richard, how her mood changed completely, making her happier all the time. Peter liked her that way, so despite the heartache he felt, he congratulated her when she announced they were together.
Yaël nodded, the lump in her throat made it hard to answer. A single drip of blood ran from his lips over his chin.
To compare the two different suits… it almost seems impossible. Sure, Peter did the best he could with what he had at the time, and it’s not like the previous suit was such a horrible thing. But this one… it’s just not even in the same wavelength!
“No, no, no!” he mutters out.
hard,” he returns. Steve rolls his eyes but gives him a smirk nonetheless.
Peter closes his mouth, wondering exactly what his goal is.
- Possible Partner abuse? (Tony sees it this way, at least)
“Alright, keep me updated,” Steve tells him.
He can just imagine Pepper storming back into his room, kicking him out of bed again because he just invented a talking toaster or something like that. No, thanks!
“Ah, yes, that’s the stuff,” she says happily, immediately taking a large swing from it. Everybody gives her a look before turning towards Steve and Tony, who then shrug.
Peter goes up into the elevator, leaning against the side with his forehead against the mirror. Shit, this is not how he intended his day to go.
His eyes sting when the memory of a video image comes back into mind, and he shakes his head, holding back a sob. No, not now. Not here. He needs to hold it together, at least until he’s told his story to Peter.
“Here’s, uh… I remodeled it a bit, made it stronger and… uh…,” Tony stumbles over his words. “The magnet for your shield has a wider radius, and it’s easier to move in now…” Then he stops talking, figuring that he’s not making much sense anymore. He shivers a bit when Steve comes up to him again, but instead of standing next to him, Steve only stops right in front of the uniform, which he observes intently. He lifts up a hand, and passes his finger over the small ‘A’ symbol Tony added on the shoulders. It’s the same as on the uniform he’d worn during that Ultron disaster.
Peter snorts without knowing why. The girl pulls up some black clothing that seems to shine in the light. Peter is beyond understanding what it is, but he can’t help himself from laughing.
Having gone to the desk, Tony returns with a pair of scissors. Then at the neck, he pulls on the fabric enough to put one blade behind it. In one swift movement he cuts down three times.
“In a few days, maybe?”
"Well, maybe she did."
“Dr. Palmer just went inside; she’s the one who took care of him in the ER. You can go inside if you want to,” May continues, walking up to the room she just left and opening the door. It’s not like it’s impossible to look inside, since there are no walls but only windows. It’s the best way for the nurses to see what’s happening to their patients after all. The closer Peter gets, the better he can see his father lying in his bed, with Happy standing by his side. And…
Peter has been silent the entire time, mostly enjoying the addition in the house for a moment. Even Vision is at the table, having finished his plate in record time. Apparently, the guy loves food, despite never having eaten before!
Both Steve and Tony turn around, suddenly noticing that, indeed, a person is sitting there in that familiar red-and-black suit, sticking a knife against his face where is teeth are supposed to be underneath. Tony instantly flinches.
With his hands stuck in his hoodie, Peter turns to his left. His eyes are stuck to the floor, but he knows the way. Opening the door to the workshop, he passes Dum-E who pokes him in the side. He chuckles a bit, letting out his hand from his pocket to pet him on the ‘head’. Then he nods towards Tony, who hasn’t noticed his arrival, too busy with whatever he’s working on this time.
“You want to go return?” the woman giggled in her broken English.
Peter sees the Goblin’s mouth move, but the voice doesn’t match the person. It sounds deeper, more sane. More…
With his feet, Peter tries to struggle away from it. Damn it, how did Harry get so strong? What’s going on?
“Just, calm down,” he said as he stepped closer to her and took her hands to stop the scratching. Yaël looked a bit surprised, she hadn’t even noticed she was doing it. “Now, tell me, what did you see during your fever? Did you see, like, chimerical appearances? Because these are probably the memories you’re blocking out.”
“When?” Yaël stared at the brown substance in the mug while making circles to make the fluid move.
“Uh, it’s me,” he says. Did he call at a bad time?
Peter’s at home. That’s good. He’s been in contact with a few of the researchers a few days back. They asked him if he was alright with letting Osborn Junior go to school. Tony doesn’t remember much of it, but he figures it might do Peter good to have him back at his side. He looked happier when he was here a few hours back.
FRIDAY responds. Tony just shrugs, before grabbing his vest and putting his phone aside again.
“Look,” she huffed “I don’t want to kill you...” She didn’t even know if the man understood English, but he nodded. And again a shock went through her body. She let out a scream, trying to fight the pain. “I-I can’t-“ she hissed through her teeth.
“Tony Stark, lady and gentleman, is
“I didn’t take it off for the entire evening,” Peter mutters, recalling how happy he’d been to finally have the chance to see the expo. Of course, he had been a bit disappointed, as well, after walking around there the entire day but not coming across his favorite hero.
it off, it doesn’t participate! Almost as if it read his mind and decided to stick along the moment it found out Peter wasn’t going to wear it anymore.
“Still looking up that strange black stuff we found at the crash-site,” Bruce explains. “It’s alien, that’s about all we know. I’ve been thinking about calling Strange for assistance.”
“I can’t help you if you don’t tell me, kid,” Mr. Stark adds. Peter blinks a few times, turning his head to the side in an attempt to avoid his gaze upon his own.
Tony tells him, opening the door at last. Peter snorts and hurries inside.
Peter chuckles nervously, passing a hand through his hair and clearing his throat again.
Harry taps Peter on the shoulder. He stops doodling, looking up to face his friend. Harry’s been doodling as well, only he’s drawn something else entirely. It’s a small comic, with the Avengers as Peter used to know them. How the world still hopefully knows them even though they’re no longer together like this.
Steve nods. “Lead the way,” he tells him.
“All that anger I saw inside of him,” she starts lowly, “all that hatred for this one single person that has ruined his life. It was horrible to feel it. The idea that Peter walks around feeling like this most of the time, it must be wrecking for him.”
“With you, being my legal dad?” Peter clarifies. Indeed, he’s been over this with Aunt May and Yaël. It was the latter who came up with the initial idea, but Peter wanted to go over this with his Aunt before he would even bring it up to Tony. Knowing that this is a pretty big deal, the conversation had been a long one; but this is something that
“STEVE! Steve, it’s me, Spidey!”
“So you’re planning on just walking out of here, right now-“
“I know. I don’t care,” he says. He crawls up to her, reaching for her hands.
with me! Steve Rogers! Agrees to make a sex tape! So I’m like ‘HELL YEAH’ and I set everything up, and this morning we just had what I think is the
Steve is a bit more hesitant. He’s looking at Tony sadly, but there’s no response from the other man who is now in a conversation with Nat. After ten more seconds, Steve stands up as well. He turns to Peter, and offers him a sad smile.
“Will it be Cap?” she asks. The crowd cheers. She then moves towards Tony.
“Good,” Tony says. He picks up a tablet and starts typing in some stuff. “Say, you and your aunt ever went on a holiday?”
“Dude, I mean, sir… X, is that you?” Yaël muttered. X nodded. “But, I mean, no offense, sir, but you look so young!”
If there's anything I've missed in this story, points that I brought up but forgot to address further, don't be afraid to point them out. Given the short hiatus this story has had, a few details might have escaped my mind. I hope it was pleasant enough to read, and stay tuned for the next story! :-)
He’s seated at the kitchen island with a French plate of breakfast and a steaming cup of coffee in front of him, his head resting in his hands with loud sighs escaping every few times, not even looking up when Peter and Harry walk in to the penthouse, having slept in an empty room a few floors underneath this one.
With his mind reminding him that Tony doesn’t want him to go after the big guys, Peter hesitates for a moment before going to investigate. He’s not planning on taking him on, after all, all he wants is to have a quick look and see if he has to call somebody. Maybe SHIELD, since Sharon came by the tower the day after Tony escaped from the hospital (mostly to curse his head off), and then told Peter to just call the number if he ever found anything strange.
“Oh, my- Charles did you make him notice me?!” she grunted.
Harry and MJ have something to say.
Instead of going to sleep or making homework, he’s just back in the suit, swinging through the streets. He needs the distraction, needs the control that he gets with this suit, the idea of invincibility.
,” Yaël corrected her arrogantly, not wanting to please Hela by showing in how much pain she actually was.
Harry got mad, freaked out. He went to find Max, or Electro as he started calling himself, and freed him on the condition that he would deliver Spider-Man to him. Harry then took care of the board-members of his company – not in the fun way, since they all ended up dead – and stumbled upon the special weapon’s department of Oscorp; that was where he found the poison of the spider that bit Peter.
“Don’t be stupid, of course I didn’t,” Mr. Stark answers to Steve. “At least, not entirely. He’s going to be my new assistant.”
“Thought about this the entire time,” Steve admits against his lips in a groan. Tony lets out a breath before starting to pull Steve along with him.
“I love Peter. If anything, I feel like he’s my son as well,” he assures Tony. “The only reason I’ve been taking care of Peter is because I want to, not out of some sense of duty.”
, Tony said. As if.
“Dad!” Peter calls out, but before he can get an answer from Tony, the suit shoots out a couple of webs towards Hope’s eyes. Then, he jumps up, finding himself grabbing a hold of Tony. He’s standing on his father’s shoulders, hands ready at Tony’s neck. But before the suit can do anything, Tony lets his own armor surround him, throwing him across the room without trouble.
“Really?” Steve asked.
“It’s not his fault!” Tony finds himself almost shouting. Realizing that he’s shot up again, he slowly sits back down. Shit, Steve is really missing in this situation…
“You really are a blessing, Spider-Man,” the woman behind the kid says, taking Peter’s hands into her own and shaking them gratefully. Peter only bows his head towards her.
They’re sated, satisfied, full with that feeling of bliss and joy. But they’re not alright, and they don’t need an expert to see that.
“Hey, man! We’re about to jump on that ginormous spaceship, you wanna come?” Korg explained shortly, immediately trusting the Trickster.
Steve responds. “
. That can’t be too hard, right? It’s probably the biggest building he’ll find here. Peter tightens the hold on his bag and starts walking towards the big building in front of him.
“I would have to sign up for the interview, then,” Peter thinks out loud. He can’t believe he’s actually going to do this. “Have another talk with Mr. Stark to get the job… I wonder what Wanda would say about this?” Peter doesn’t look forward too much to talking with the guy once more; which is actually ridiculous since he’s planning on doing this just to get the
“There’s no use in getting you cleaned up here, the crew will have to do their magic at the tower,” Rhodey says. “Now, get out of that suit and hop into the shower.”
Caspinn
“A fire? Haven’t done one of those in a while,” Peter says. “Show me the way, Kay!”
“Hey hotshot, wait for me!” the Cat shouts after him. Peter jumps up against a building and waits for her to catch up to him. When she reaches him, she shoots up a zipline to pull herself onto the roof. Peter quickly follows her up. He’s not even up there for two seconds before his mouth is uncovered again and the Cat’s lips are once more pressed against his.
- attempted suicide
“Come on, Yaël,” Hilde said calmly, but Yaël noticed she had fun in the conversation. “They just have to grow on you, just as you have to grow on them. It works in two ways, you know?”
“Guys, are you there?” he asks through the comm.
“NO! JUST DON’T SAY IT! THAT’S OUR BOY!”
He’d been planning on patrolling with Johnny, but eventually his friend had to bail for some international crisis, leaving the country with his teammates. Peter tries not to be too jealous about that.
But Zemo doesn’t answer.
Michelle doesn’t pay any attention to him, but Liz does. A bit flustered when she passes along her questions from her cards, she barely even dares to look at him as she expresses how glad she is he’s back. Peter lets out a small breath and nods at her.
And Wade hunches forward all of the sudden, seemingly appearing sad.
“I don’t-, Shall I-“ the man looked tired as he rubbed his eyes. He thought for a minute. “Do you want me to read it out loud?”
There are times where Tony would say that being a parent is the best thing in the world. That time is actually almost always, but that’s probably because his son is just the perfect son, in his very honest opinion. Peter does well at school, he doesn’t do any illegal stuff, doesn’t smoke or drink, and when he brings home a girl – not often – it’s a really kind one who can deal with the fact that Peter’s not really that into… yeah, no, that’s not really a thing Tony needs to be thinking about.
“Pepper? Happy? Rhodey?”
“I, uh, I got a text from Johnny. He wants to patrol for a bit. I just wanted to let you know.” Peter shrugs while he holds up his phone. Tony presses his face against Steve’s back and pulls him closer to him.
“Yeah, uh, can you stand? We need to get you to-“ Peter starts, but as Ned starts to stand up, he grabs Peter’s arm.
“So, what brings you here, Peter?”
one. MJ pulls away from him, and Peter gets on his feet to walk towards the window. Quickly, the others join him as well.
“I suppose you’re right,” he admits. “Though they are cursing quite a lot for a bunch of kids.”
kinda cute. Now are you going to let him go, or do you want a good kick in the nuts from a small and frail little girl who clearly seems like she can’t defend herself? Because I’ll do it. I mean, I’ll kick you in the nuts, obviously.”
“What is happening?” Peter asks in confusion. For a moment, Peter wonders if it has something to do with Steve, and why Tony was with him the other day. Is it because he’s coming back? They’re all coming back? Peter hopes so, it would be better for everybody if the team’s back together!
They stopped at her door. On the other side of the hallway that was so small only two people could walk side by side, was a window. It was completely useless because it couldn’t open. Yaël tried it many times, because the hallway always smelled like sweat and she wanted to refresh it.
Peter stays quiet after that; he had never tried to think too much about that day at the expo where he had raised his own hand with his self-made light attached to it. He had thought he could scare the thing off by just pretending to be Iron Man, but instead he made it that much worse for himself.
“I would say they are a bit more than just good friends.” He had to be kidding her, right? Was being in love with Death even possible? Wasn’t Wade hunting Peter, or is that just a distraction from not being able with Death?
“Time travel,” Strange concludes. He closes the journal, throws it back Tony’s way and then crosses his arms over his chest. “And now you’re about to asks me to send you back in time to warn her?”
But right when ‘Harry’ walks through the door, his head turns a bit, and his eyes meet with Peter’s.
So Steve leans forward a bit, holding out his hand towards the people on the front row and shaking theirs.
Right, he should get that DNA sample for her so they can do the test right away. Then, before he gets out, he turns back around again, lifting up the sleeve from his suit.
for crying out loud! Nothing much will change, right?
“Are they coming back?” Yaël sighed.
As he arranges on hanging out with them on Sunday, Peter looks up for a bit where he can see Mr. Stark and Steve talking to each other. He’s really dying to know what they’re talking about, but it’s not really his business, right?
As they walk further inside, a couple of yellow lights turn on. Barnes tenses up next to him, and Tony realizes they must be cryo-tubes. There are people inside of them, but as far as he can see they’re not moving. It could be a trap, he realizes.
She knocked on the door and someone replied with “Uh, yeah?” Her hands pulled open the door. Yaël recognized Stark as soon as she saw him. He was talking on the phone but stopped for a second, since his mouth fell open as soon as he saw her. Yaël signed that he was still on the phone, so Stark started talking again, finishing his conversation.
Ned warns him. Peter frowns underneath his mask. “
. Steve had pulled his punches, that much was clear, but the fact that they were fighting together and they weren’t at the same side… No, Peter doesn’t like it one bit.
“Why would you venture there, lady Yaël? The women have a perfectly working bathroom, too, do they not?” Thor asked in confusion, raising his eyebrows.
“Yo, miss Peter’s aunt,” Yaël answered happily, May’s enthusiasm was contagious. “Is Peter home?” May took a towel and quickly dried her hands before throwing it on the kitchen counter.
“Really?” she said with a flair of arrogance, looking down at the two brothers like they were two puny ants “You don’t look like him.”
“Come on, you’re way more creative than that,” Loki said while crossing his arms.
“He… hasn’t?” Tony responds.
“Don’t pick u-“ he starts, sounding a bit breathless.
“Still, Peter could’ve died by this stupidity of yours,” even though she was the one who told Peter to get in. This was all her fault… “You clean up this mess, you hear me? And you make sure Fury never finds out I had anything to do with this, or I’ll have no electricity for a month,” she hissed.
“You’ll be Agent 13 again?” he asks. Sharon nods.
Shit, Pepper’s here. Tony scoffs while rubbing his forehead. He grunts while attempting to sit up. He fails.
Tony shrugs. “Something I’m pretty sure the other you is going to have my head for, but what’s done is done, right?”
After three more seconds he does a complete turn, and he’s out of the lab, leaving Steve and Peter alone. The super-soldier then looks at Peter with a sad expression on his face, which makes Peter shiver a bit. It seems like, whatever the man was attempting, it failed.
“And that money?”
“Your dad? Peter I thought you lived with your Aunt?” Ned asks, now obviously completely confused. Peter shakes his head and smashes his forehead a few times more to punish himself. Then he looks up, holding up his hand pleadingly.
“Clint, huh? You like him,” Steve laughed while walking towards the fridge.
Peter quickly shakes his head, nervously. “No, of course not!”
Mr. Stark’s eyes widen in surprise, and then he starts laughing, eyes crinkling at the corners. His hand goes upon the chest of his suit.
Steve laughs in return. They put their glasses aside, agreeing that they’re not taking another try of that. Instead, Steve stands up and heads to the mini-fridge where he takes out two cans of coke. One small look towards Tony as confirmation later, the two are sitting on the bed with their backs on the bed board. Their legs are next to each other, but not touching. Neither are their shoulders. Together the two just drink and keep themselves busy watching TV on the first English program they come across. So what if it’s a re-run of ‘Say yes to the dress’? Nobody will ever know about this, after all.
The people around him turn to look at him, some of them confused as to why the school-nerd would be looking so pissed-off right now. But Peter glares at the girl who just had no trouble insulting his father. Oh, how he wishes he could tell her off, explain to her that she’s wrong and that Mr. Stark
They say their goodbyes. Once Francis is out of the building, Peter gets to the elevator, scans in his card and just waits until the elevator goes all the way up to the penthouse. Looking up at the ceiling, he watches the numbers go up and up, counting the number of floors they’ve passed. Since Peter has the priority-pass, the elevator doesn’t make any more stops.
“Oh, but you don’t look different, I mean, it’s not like you look colder or anything.” Yaël didn’t even know what a Frost Giant was supposed to look like. Lopt doubted for a second before looking away. Within a small moment, his skin started turning blue, his eyes red. Memory- and regular-Yaël’s eyes both started growing bigger. Within the fraction of a second, there was a blue man standing in front of her. Memory-Yaël noticed that Lopt avoided looking at her. And as she gasped out of wonder, he immediately turned normal again.
“Hi, mister X?”
is, you can already tell him to go home, uh, young Mister Stark,” Dr. Strange says. Peter then turns around to the man. “We’ll take care of this.”
In case people wanted interaction between Steve and baby!Peter, I have my reasons for not letting that happen. You'll see why, soon enough! ^^
Since long has Natasha decided to give up trying to stop them. After her little sparring session with Steve she’s had a talk with him, where he expressed his discomfort of talking about sex so openly. Steve’s a shy person when it comes to these subjects, and Natasha can’t blame him at all for it.
“Dude, I spoke to her a moment ago, she’s my girl too!” another drunk guy ‘joined’ the ‘conversation’, like he didn’t even hear Wade’s weird exclamation. Other guys came buzzing around them too, talking about how Yaël somehow seemed to be their property.
“If I turn around, can I stay in bed for a little longer?”
“SHIELD and my guys are already on it. The site is off-limits, though,” Tony explains.
“He’s a neurosurgeon, what knowledge does he have on the extraterrestrial?” Peter wonders out loud.
Cap's experience in the alternate universe is for the timestamp. This story is strictly written in Tony & Peter's POV and I wasn't going to stray for that! Don't worry, you'll get it!
Peter’s mouth drops open before he closes it again, shaking his head quickly and giving them a glare.
“We’ve learned our lesson?” Steve then asks. Tony throws his head back over the armrest of the couch, closing his eyes while he enjoys the peace. “I sure hope you don’t think we’re just not going to talk about what happened?”
“ Oh yeah- what are you studying?”
“OK. I will pick you up at 8.” Man winked. “Here’s my number.” He pick up his things and stood up.
He couldn’t kept his eyes of the man when he sat down. His movements were light and full of youthful energy. He put the bag beside him and pulled out some papers and a pencil. It seemed like he started studying but Steve couldn’t get back to reading his book. He was too distracted by the pencil man was chewing between his teeth. From time to time man’s lips wrapped around the pencil  and sucked on it for little. Steve’s mind created very vivid pictures of those lips doing something much more interesting and pleasurable.
Steve’s cheeks were still flushed and he felt hot pressure in his crotch. This man managed to make him fall head over heals for him in just a couple of minutes. He wanted to start a conversation again but his throat was completely dry and his tongue tangled. His fingers fidgeted with the corner of the book page.
“So it’s kind of a love story.”
Steve stuttered a little. »W-what?«
»Is it interesting?« there was just a hint of slyness in man’s voice.
“At the Bernard College.”
“I have no idea what you just said.”
»Can I join you?« man smiled widely, despite that there was plenty empty seats in the café.
That smile was too much for Steve. His body was hot and his mind messy. He stared at that beautiful stranger, at his smiling bright eyes and he was enchanted. Steve could only respond with a breathless “Yes.”
»What?!« Only then Steve noticed that his book was opened with the wrong side up. He was to distracted by the man to noticed that he picked it up wrong. His cheeks were probably crimson red by now.
Steve just ordered a cup of coffee and was ready to pick up his book to start reading again. Instead in front of him stood a young man with dark messy hair and shining amber eyes. His lips were curled into a small smirk. He was radiating confidence and something playful, frisky. It was this liveliness that realy caught Steve’s eye. Beside man’s obvious good looks.
“I am so so so sorry.” He whispers low into Tony’s ear, masking his mouth with his hands. Unfortunately for him three of his team are skilled lip readers.
Mrs. Stark was made of more intelligence than her daughter gave her credit for, but she knew not to push, knew her daughter willful but delicate.
She had wanted them to stay close with all her heart. However, Highbury, whilst a large town, was still that – a town – and had not afforded Mr. Banner the luxury of options other than doctor of the people. And, well, Bruce Banner had always wanted, and deserved, more than that. More than running noses and winter chills. As such, they had not visited Hartfield since long before the season began, and Mrs. Stark, no matter how much pleading, could not be induced to make so far as London to visit.
, "Always nice to meet a fan. Though it was just your... friend who found me handsome?"
Time must be allowed to extricate Pepper’s feelings so thoroughly from Mr. Hammer. She would have to allow a small mark of empathy towards Pepper for her attachment to Mr. Hammer, no small feat considering how horrifically his true colors had marked her attitude toward him. However, such a progress may be made, that in Mr. Hammer’s return they both may be allowed to meet again in the common routine of acquaintance. Both without Pepper’s sentiments being raised again, and without Antonia (for all her fiery storm) betraying her own and calling him out in a public setting.
“I, Elizabeth Ross, do take thee, Bruce Banner, to be my wedded husband.”
“Heathen.” He says fondly, reaching down into the mess to grab what he needs.
“I knew this then, I know it now. You are far too discerning to be in the company of anyone who bores you for long. I would have been shown the door years ago.” Steven smiles through the joke, and Antonia nods, glad for the reprieve, heart fiercely glad he is no longer thinking such sad thoughts that plagued him on the Hill.
“One can suppose nothing else,” added Miss Cage, “And I was only surprised that there could have been any doubt. But Natasha, it seems, had a letter from them recently, and not a word was said about it. But she will know them better than anyone, and perhaps their silence was a gift also – a surprise.”
“He has been wanting to come to us,” continued Mr. Marvel, “ever since September; every letter has been full of it, but he is attached to those he must be pleased, and who seem to only be pleased by too many sacrifices. But he is made up, he will be here about the second week in January. He even set off earlier this week, saddled up and left to make a mad dash for Highbury, before news caught up with him of his grandmother falling ill, and so he had to turn back.”
