Hm. There were some quite old dusty sheets that could be put on John's bed. That window faces the back lot. Perhaps it would do to switch the automatic light in the garden out for something a bit stronger. Maybe go back to that hair-trigger sensor they used to have.
Will realizes that the people around him are making motions as he sees the young girl beside him raise her hands. He searches for a source of this action and finds that Mr Shadid has drawn a series of symbols on the board indicating a rhythm. The children around Will try to clap in time. His eyes narrow and he glares over at his father. The elder Holmes smiles and nods at his son encouragingly. With a huge sigh, Will finds where the group is in the pattern, interprets the meanings quickly, and claps along. His timing is impeccable. His shoulders sag. His eyes roll and he sighs again.
Martha Hudson returned to her living room, finding Rosie beginning to fuss. She pulled her out and united the child with her bottle, calming the girl.
From downstairs, the sounds of a door opening and male voices were heard. Mrs. Hudson kissed Rosie on the crown of her head, then laid her back down on the bed.
A small miracle has transpired in the flat. Boxes were neatly piled. Several which had been full of John's books were unpacked, his reference volumes and pulpy paperbacks finding their way back to familiar resting places. Rosie's toy box took up a new position of honor, centrally located in the living room. Sleek filing cabinets with lockable drawers stood near the window, home now to masses of case files and research. And, true wonder of wonders, a child-proof screen had been secured to the hearth. Fireplace implements hung from newly set hooks so far out of child reach they were nearly beyond John's.
By Sherlock’s birthday, the cough she developed had been diagnosed as pneumonia. She taught Rosie how to make the chicken soup she so loved and the girl served her endless bowlfuls.
John’s eyes dropped to the floor. She saw his cheeks color. Saw him bite his lip in longing and - embarrassment?
As you may be aware, Romani residents of Europe were subject to genocide during World War II, have been expelled, killed and oppressed for centuries, and continue to face tremendous discrimination. An organization that works to raise awareness and provide resources for these communities is Romani CRISS. Learn more and support their work here:
Some nights when Sherlock picked up Watson, John would be dead to the world. Despite lightening his work load, he still worked at the clinic and was training up a replacement. Those days when patient interviews and the dressing of wounds coincided with pacing Sherlock to follow down leads or a challenging day with young Watson, John would sink down. A blunt weight on his narrow bed.
A sunny classroom is filled with children. They mill and chatter. Violin cases are opened, bows are tightened. Chairs are claimed by parents who wait. The instructor calls to the class in a loud friendly voice, telling them to settle down and take their places.
Sherlock put his hand on Rosie's shoulder. She looked up at him. "Watson, you will always be wrong." Her eyes widened and he saw first tremors of a collapse of her spirit. He shook his head vigorously and knelt down to be on a level with her eyes. "We always make mistakes, all of us. This is nothing to be ashamed of." Sherlock's voice was earnest, his gaze forceful. "Making a mistake means you tried. The hardest part is accepting you’ve been in error, and committing to correct that error."
"May I?" Sherlock gestured to the violin case, still sitting by. John nodded but his brow wrinkled slightly as he tried to comfort his daughter.
“Sweetheart. That’s an almost never used notation. You don’t have to worry about playing that fraction of a note now, or perhaps ever.” He put his own instrument back into its case. Turned to his daughter and tugged the violin gently from her hands. She resisted for a moment, the ghost of a full Watson huff clouding her eyes briefly. Then a tired little girl looked out of the familiar blue. He pulled her up into his arms and brought them both over to his chair by the fireplace. He sat down and settled her on his lap. She leaned against him, his arms around her. He felt the focused energy that had brought her and him through the long, early morning begin to dissipate, and her slight frame melted cozily against his own.
"Speak for yourself, Mister I-went-to-Oxbridge posh boy. You bought it for me. Put up with me enjoying it." John's eyes sparked in a dangerous way as he took another sip. Sherlock had seen this look in John's eyes many times as they struggled and fought over how to proceed with an investigation, or argued over proper decorum at the Met or sanitary conditions in the kitchen. And the detective had seen something like this between John and a few of the women he'd brought home with him. Sarah, particularly brought out this boyish, teasing side of the ex-soldier. Deductions slid automatically through Sherlock's thoughts.
The two men traded silent glances as they slipped down the street. Solitary stars showed their faces overhead, glimmering in the refuge of darkness created by Regent's Park's lightless expanse of green.
John had stepped back into the warmth of 221B, now, and he found the flat transformed. All the lights but one near the hearth and one near the couch were off. By John's chair two glasses of whiskey stood with a plate of elegant lacy biscuits beside. On the table near the couch was a bottle of champagne on ice that looked far too expensive even at this distance. Next to the champagne were a pair of short wide beakers, each with a lit candle flickering within their depths.
They exchanged a speaking glance. Sherlock began a different tune. John remembered it, but couldn't place it.
The Banat is a divided region, spanning Romania, Hungary and Serbia. Founded in the 9th century (CE) as a frontier province of the Bulgarian Empire ruled by a military governer or "Ban." Later controlled by the Ottoman Empire, then Austro-Hungarian Empire and briefly had independence (for two whole weeks!) after World War I ended. The unofficial capital is the largest city, Timișoara in Romanian. [
John stepped forward with a sad smile. He offered the girl to his companion. Sherlock automatically put out his hands and found himself with a warm armful of sleepy blonde-headed child.
"Lasho, Timișoara?" Holmes recalled that Tawni had a Swabian girlfriend, Ecaterina, and asked her to translate his request.
John lifted his mouth momentarily to say, "I must be doing it wrong then, let's try again," and resumed. His hands roamed over Sherlock's back side.
you know what i mean. i only get to have you in my life now for cases, and mad races to the NSY, and rescuing you from hospital when you get shot because you didn't bother to tell me you were going somewhere dangerous.
"Will, please trust me. You are not bad at this. We just played Ave Maria and Bach's Minuet in G Major. You've only been playing for six months, and all on your own."
The quiet was broken. He heard a hoarse voice calling out. A thump. Silence. Then more anguished half-words filtering through the floor boards from John's room above. Sherlock's mind stilled, his attention captured by the man sleeping above him. Then his mind whirled, pulling threads together to spin a simple deduction. His flatmate was in the grip of nightmare.
She had to ask them about using the second bed. Couldn't be helped. Shame John seemed so insistent on it. Well, perhaps it was early days yet.
Sherlock's head snapped around and he met John's eyes. "Yes. It meant so much to me. I-I felt you with me when I heard it and I wanted to share that with you."
She looked him full in the face. "Just letting him know what I'll do, to you both, if you let anything happen to dear Rosie's caregivers. You're supposed to be taking safe cases and this diamond has a curse on it for goodness sake."
Sherlock came to the top of the stair. He looked down, and though she knew he couldn’t see her, she felt he was speaking right to her.
Not my intention, John. Honeymoon is of course the polite term. And it will begin soon. As you said, there must be some limits. Unfortunate timing about the pregnancy. Mary will be cautious about alcohol intake I am sure. But better to know than to have regrets later. - SH
"'My friend, of course we'll bring you with us to Timișoara. I've spoken with Miri, she has an instrument she would be willing to loan.'"
John settled Rosie amidst the chunky black white and gold bumblebees decorating the bouncy chair they had purchased for Mrs Hudson's convenience.  The girl's sky blue eyes peered around at the familiar surroundings. John gave her a fond smile and tousled her short golden waves with his hand. "No, I sent him on to secure a car, and make some other arrangements, while I asked you for a favor--"
Thanks so much to everyone for reading and commenting and kudo'ing and passing links along. It is life'sblood and I owe you all so much gratitude. Every heart and heartfelt deep dive gladly welcomed!!!
John was putting another layer of Rosie’s thick winter socks on. They’d planned to take an early walk and let her run about in the snowy park. He stopped his cheerful greeting at the sight of Sherlock’s expression. Eyes wide and forehead soft with concern, he wordlessly questioned his friend.
John watched his daughter engage, her face full of inquisitive attention. There was something... John realized that Sherlock was holding back revealing his face for longer and longer intervals. Catching her attention if she got distracted. Through subtle cues he encouraged her to linger, waiting in expectation for the reappearance of that beloved face.
An elaborate shaving table they'd been given as a quirky wedding present by Mycroft made the cut. It sat by the door holding keys and coins, never used to purpose. John almost abandoned it too, until he realized that the dark wood and Victorian styling would be just at home on Baker Street. It had never fit in among the fawn, cream and khaki snare of beige that was their family flat.
"Excellent, Watson. And let me ask you something else: why doesn't your Dada read music? You may not know exactly why, but you have some information here that may allow you to draw some well-informed conclusions about this as well."
The great detective sat back, his bare feet on the bright, cheery, flower-print blanket. His assignment was to protect their basket of food from incursion by ant or curious pooch. However, he was quite aware that he had been strategically benched.
He woke to the smell of toasted cheese sandwiches and tomato soup. The fire had been tended. A fresh glass of water sat on the table near him. He heard quiet chatting, burbles and the occasional childish yet distinct syllable. She'd be talking before she could crawl if things kept going this way.
The exception had been the waltz. The damn music. His heart was too entwined in it. He could never lie to John with music. All he could do was obfuscate and deflect, so he'd done that masterfully. Approach, not retreat. He had to give him the waltz. Then he had to teach John to dance.
"Sherlock.." John's voice was breathy and low. The detective answered, muttering the man's name repeatedly as he scattered tender kisses across John's mouth, his cheek, temple. Whisper soft he set his lips to each eyelid.  Then Sherlock slid lower in John's hold to lavish a line of burning kisses down his neck.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "If you didn't mind finding another partner when I died from boredom." He winced. "I'm sorry, John. I'll remember not to make those jokes some day."
John took Sherlock’s hands in his and moved them to frame John’s face instead. “Whoever you’re thinking of is not me. Whatever they said to you, it’s not true.”
felt it, hadn't he? Hadn't dreamed it? But Sherlock knew from bleak experience how swiftly the heat of a moment could shift to bitterness and self-reproach. He had offered support, then taken advantage of John's vulnerability.
John spoke, a thoughtful tone in his voice. "You mean that literally don't you? Rather, physiologically?"
He glanced at the clock and calculations rushed unbidden to his mind. One hundred seventeen hours and forty-seven minutes since he had last seen John. Through a haze of bees, backing away with that travesty of a smile on his face. Apologizing to Sherlock for bothering him. Practically tripping in his haste to get away. Ignoring the increasingly frantic pleas Sherlock made for John to listen to him, to let him explain.
"Nonsense, Sherlock. You've entertained her for.." John checked his phone and practically leapt out of the chair. "hours! I'm so sorry." He scooped the youngster out of Sherlock's hold. "I'll feed her and after lunch she and I can take a little lie down together."
The family enjoyed their breakfast and planned out their schedule for the day. A trip to the park, kite in hand, was in the offing. The parents debated the contents of the picnic hamper, while young Watson came down decidedly in favor of cold chicken and ice lollies from a vendor, but leaving the rest up to her parents. She returned to the music stand and her notes after being politely dismissed. John, lingering with Sherlock over fresh cups of tea and comfortably entangled feet beneath the table, watched her with some concern.
Sherlock hummed appreciatively. "Mrs Hudson outdid herself." He made no move to relieve John of the biscuit. Took another bite. A fine pink tongue peeked out to lick sugar from his lips.
After a few minutes, Rosie dropped off in her father’s arms. The coast seeming clear, Mrs. Hudson joined her boys and leaned against the kitchen table next to Sherlock.
With a slight narrowing of the eyes and minute raise of an eyebrow, Sherlock inquired if John was faring better now. A nod from John in response released the tension and the detective's fond, satisfied look returned.
Young Watson was the ideal audience. Uncomplaining with his repetition. In fact, her young mind thrived on repeated cycles of words and games and activities. Soaking up the patterns upon which she would build her sense of the world. Already he thought of a subset of his repertoire as
Silence settled. Broken only by the occasional snap of coals in the fire and the continual mutter of the flame.
And that was just at home, quiet the two of us. I loved it, but it hardly counts as dancing with me at my wedding.
Mrs. Hudson contented herself with slipping out of Rosie’s direct line of sight and then headed back down the stairs, following John.
The day after Christmas dawned cheerfully at 221A Baker Street. Martha Hudson woke with the light. She rolled over and dreamily watched drifts of snow accumulate on the sash. Stretching luxuriously under the duvet, she smiled to herself.
The fire burned low. Explosions rocked the Nakatomi Plaza. John McClane ran barefoot across broken glass. John made a joke about a case Sherlock had investigated shoeless. Sherlock harrumphed from where he lay, now curled up beneath the blanket. But John was rather sure he saw a smile on his face. Agile toes pinched John's trousers and tugged. John felt a warm glow in his belly.
Sherlock roused himself and tossed up a lazy smile. "Oh, I was part of a quite in depth, multi-party discussion of the difference between romantic and sexual attraction. And platonic companionship. In addition to a plethora of orientation and gender identity spectrums, most of which I was quite conversant with already." He chuckled. "Truth be told, I believe this talk might have been begun for my--and your--benefit." He rolled his eyes. "A bit of a lecture. Or the usual 'figure it out already' talk we've gotten so many times."
Once Sherlock was able to play the full sequence through, committed to memory forever now as well, he looked a question and started playing a different tune. The proud look on the violinist's face changed to one of curiosity and appreciation. Sherlock breathed deep and took himself back to a time long ago. He heard the tone of his teacher's violin, sharing this tune from his mentor's own past, his own home.
“Correct. He can read chords, and he can play by ear.” A quizzical expression. "He listens and can reproduce melodies but without using notes on the stave." He watched her taking that in, nodded and went on, "So here we have that second form of investigation, Bee. You take an assumption about the world and apply it to individuals that seem to relate. But what does it tell you if you are wrong about the individuals whom you’ve made these assumptions about?"
She crossed her heart with a finger and laughed. Then she became serious again. "So what should I assume? That's how it works, but if I'm going to be wrong, what do I do?"
Sherlock laid his instrument aside and approached him calmly, hands splayed out before him in a gesture of peace. "John--it's fine. Watson's fine. No one else is here.
The frost in John receded. But he closed his eyes, his head pulling back, neck muscles tensing and his shoulders rounded as if to protect him from a blow. When he opened them again, he shook his head. "Please. No."
“It doesn’t matter. He’s an idiot.” But the warm arm pulled away. Sherlock leaned heavily against the rail. Bit his lower lip.
"John?" Sherlock hovered at the doorway to the kitchen. His voice was as uncertain as John could remember hearing it. An unfamiliar note. "Are you all right? I can...I can put the lights up. I can call Mrs. Hudson if you'd rather."
The comment landed. John said, "Of course. As much as I've presumed to already know your answer, I've spent far too much time misleading you and others with mine."
“Stay still!” John called. Sherlock grasped her beneath the shoulders and pulled upwards as straight as he could. John braced his feet, holding tight and shifting all his weight back and down to allow his partner to lift her without falling forwards himself. Then they were all free of the cloud of jellies, and the two men floundered back to the shore, each helping carry the tween.
Sherlock gazed back, a different sort of sadness lighting his eyes for a moment. Then, gratitude dawned, keen and kindly.
John realized that he was looking at the two people most dear to him in the world. His treasure unhidden, laid bare by the press of fear in his veins. The hand of night drew the veil back from what he could never admit to himself fully in the light of day.
She waited for him to nod and then she continued. "Do this. You both deserve it. And do not worry about me letting the cat out of the bag. I've got my tricks where Sherlock is involved."
Sherlock closed the door to his bedroom. Tears and kisses still lingered, but they had decided to pause for the night. This was a beginning to much they could share and learn about and heal from together. Time for more on the morrow and the next day and the next...
He pressed his shoulder fondly into Sherlock’s side. The beekeeper’s gaze arced up and warmed as he looked at John, but the connection was brief. Sherlock’s eyes looked out to the distance again. The man’s dark mood from earlier resurfacing.
Along with the memories came a feeling of happiness. Connection. Scents and smells that reminded her of them. The roses in her mother’s garden. The expensive cigars her husband had loved when they were young and wild together. The gardenia scented perfume her sweetie in high school had worn.
Sherlock reached out. He covered one of John's hands where they sat locked to his tea mug. "Do you trust me, John?"
John said, "I would never interfere. Not when the game is afoot." His daughter gave him an odd look then shrugged.
When the ex-soldier was haunted by phantom pains of body or mind, the signs were immediately apparent to Sherlock's attentive glance. Eye and hand twitched. His body in some capricious pose. A mumbled word or formless phrase. On those nights Sherlock often found a gentle action softened the harsh lines on John's face. A hand on his shoulder. A calm whisper,
The man scoffed then squeezed Sherlock's hand where it lay entangled with his fingers. "I've had plenty. But I'm fine."
“All right, Watson. This is plenty of data." Sherlock lifted Rosie off his lap and they returned to the music stands together. Sounds of life were increasing outside. The friendly lilt of Mrs Hudson chatting with a neighbor came up to them from below. A car passing by backfired. Sherlock noted his own internal moment of alarm, but showed nothing externally. He was pleased to see that his child had no reaction to the noise.
“I love you, you sweet little thing. And if your fathers ever get too worried about you, let them know I’ll be looking out for you. Okay?”
Sherlock was learning that 221B looked very different from within the circle of John Hamish Watson's arms. Partly because it entailed a close up look at the doctor himself. John lay quiet beneath Sherlock. The breath moving slowly in and out of his body. The heat of his skin warming the detective inside and out.
Crashing into independence, the Work had rescued him. In it he had found allies: Lestrade, Molly, the homeless network, and--so very grudgingly it was admitted not even to himself--his inexecrable brother.  And a place, a purpose, in his self-sworn mission.  A new bliss to decipher the hidden mysteries of crime. In the core of the city that had laid its mark on him, even as he had made it his own. London had cast him down to his depths, yet she had raised him again. The balance he had found now was precious. He felt cautious hope that the experimentation that lay behind him had put him on a road that could lead somewhere beyond oblivion.
In a flurry of limbs and paper, Sherlock brought their daughter up the stairs calling back down as he went, "John! Grab the case of travel toys, will you?"
"I can get it." John's eyes darted to the detective, to the candles and champagne, to the ruby dark whiskey and fire crackling beyond. The violin at hand. "I just need a moment." His breaths quickened. He stepped into the kitchen. Put the bag down and gazed blankly at the counter before him. He snapped back to awareness and put the milk into the fridge. Its twin stared out innocently.
“Let’s set that aside, Watson. I have another question for you. Whom have you never seen play an instrument?”
John moved his hand to stroke Sherlock's hair once more, ghosting it down his brow and cheek now and again. Eventually he spoke.
John frowned. “None of them are new to town, they must have known it was dangerous. What possessed them?”
The raw lust in John's eyes made a verbal response unnecessary. But the detective found himself pinking with gratification at John's harshly breathed, "Brilliant," nonetheless.
“..you're her grandmother, we’ll have her remember… a second mother. He’s always loved you, I hope you know…”
A pang struck John, some shadowed fraction of the pain he'd felt those years ago outside Bart's. Echoed into remembrance of Mary sitting in this room between them, Sherlock still reeling from the bullet she'd put in him.
"Where ever you want." John nudged him with his knee, in a companionable way. "Actual compatibility. Partnership. Desire." He smirked at John saying, "Not the imitation." He shifted to his knees again. "All right. I've said my part. Why don't we move somewhere more comfortable for your disclosure now?"
“Thank you for being here, John. Thank you for everything.” His eyes swept across the flat, took in the paperwork they’d filled out together.
All week he'd been dreaming about Sherlock's birthday. Thinking out how it would go, what he would do, what he would say. Imagining the first moment he touched Sherlock's hand with intent. Imagining what it might feel like to have his arms around the man and know he didn't have to let go. Seeing those eyes closer than ever before. Feeling his breath warm in the darkness. Feeling the skin of their chests meet for the first time. Tasting the salt of him.
He went on, "What they were triggering were things that can feel quite like love. Just as can cocaine."
The night was warm and wet. Andreea shifted the basket on her hip, thinking over the work she had set for tomorrow. Her oldest girl, Maria, would bathe the little ones. Matei and Răzvan would arrive early to begin the harvest. The bobbing gold heads of wheat in her fields gave her cautious hope for the season. But she knew better than to rest her heart on the future. Today they had enough to feed her children. If the boarder's promise carried through, that would help her buy a new thresher. Her grip on the basket tightened.
"I know what the word means, John." Sherlock's voice was brittle, abrupt. John sought his eyes but they remained hidden from him.
John leaned into the hold and kissed Sherlock tenderly. "I know, love. And I cannot wait. But I know it's not for tonight."
A hand touched his shoulder gently. Looking over at Sherlock's face he was surprised by the shadow of contrition he found there. John released the breath he'd been holding. His raised shoulders slumped. Running a hand through his hair, he shrugged at his flatmate then pushed the play button with a lax thumb. His friend was right. He was neglecting himself. But somehow John couldn't be arsed to care.
He was drifting into a limbo state between consciousness and dreams when he heard the door open. John stood framed in the light from the street. His hair a halo, his face a blank dark space.
A break. The band members scattered, flirting with attractive audience members, squeezing a hug to mother or spouse, getting a cold one. Sherlock saw his opportunity. The recently rapturous violinist stood in a crush of people waiting for service at the bar. Sherlock raised his untouched glass of beer as an offering. He greeted the wide smile and rapid flow of Romani that came his way with an apologetic phrase first in German, then Romanian. He pointed with his chin to the man's instrument and received a clear invitation to join for an inspection.
Mrs. Hudson pulled her head back outside the doorway. She stood there, holding the handle. Oddly, no one tried it again for a very long time.
They arrived at their door, and the family left the soft darkness for the warmth and light they knew would greet them above. Together.
Not a man to do something so pedestrian, much less stupidly superstitious, as count his blessings, nonetheless the detective breathed a sigh of gratitude that his brother was not present at the wedding. Bad enough that Mrs Hudson, Molly and Lestrade had been lobbing platitudes in his direction for, it seemed weeks now. About things changing with marriage, about people moving on and growing apart and coming to terms with change and knowing that they'd be there for him.
"That just the thing. It's special because it isn't a counted like a note. It's time out of time. You don't count the beats, and you don't know when it will start up again."
They walked home together, hand in hand. The jellies danced on, tumbling slowly beneath the wheeling sky.
The color in John's face deepened. "Um. I actually was wondering if you could take her for the whole night. We'll do something different with friends for Rosie. But yes, for his birthday I was thinking of maybe keeping it quite small this year."
After an interlude of silent sunny looks,  Sherlock dropped his hand then John dropped his. They walked together to the chairs by the fire. Sherlock stood until John took his seat, then the taller man leaned over to pick up his whiskey. He trailed his free hand up over John's shoulder, pausing to stroke silver blonde hair lightly.  John inhaled a calm, deep breath and gazed up at his friend. They maintained eye contact as Sherlock drank a sip of the dark liquid, his hand lingering. Then Sherlock broke the touch and sat down in his chair.
Mr Shadid kneels down, until he is at eye level with the child. "It sounds to me like you fought to learn the violin. It found you at the church, but then you chose it. It speaks to you." Will nods. "Then don't let one afternoon's mistakes--and I mean my mistakes, Will, not yours--steal that love away from you. A teacher's responsibility is to help a student be able to learn. I'm sure we can do that together. And then you will have this," he gestures to Will's instrument, "forever. For as long as you like. It will be yours no matter what else is taken away."
John kissed Sherlock lightly, then said, “Because I can see how much it hurt you.” Sherlock sighed. “And made you believe that no one would want to be with you.”
Sherlock considered how to respond, then decided on honesty. "I was more going for a nostalgic recall, actually."
The music cut across his nerves for a moment, as Sherlock checked the tuning of the strings. John shook his head again.
she began muttering the phrase under her breath. Sherlock rolled his eyes and glanced towards the kitchen.
Torn between relief and irritation at being disturbed mid-wallow, Sherlock barked, "What is it Lestrade?"
"Sigur? Will? How did the class go?" Mummy's flowing voice spills out from the living room. Will wipes a tear from his cheek and stays silent. He stealthily heads away from her direction, entering the kitchen and making for a door that backs onto the garden and woodlands beyond. He pelts out into the sunshine. The feel of grass beneath his feet relieves some of the pounding tension in his chest immediately.
"I'm sorry, John. It was my suggestion. Bee's trying to get her plans straight for learning musical notation and I thought this would be a good opportunity to do some more brainstorming."
Back in her bedroom, she watched as John examined her calmly and filled out a paper noting her time of death. Then she ached silently as he turned back to her, sat, covered his face and began to weep. She crept closer to hear his words, muffled and garbled by his hands.
John shook his head, “No darling, not time to play with your Sherlock. It’s time for you to say good night to the fairies and go to slumberland.”
Last week, the teacher had reached out to them. Sigur took the call and discussed with her what was proposed before agreeing. Mr Shadid wanted to speak with Will. He understood that Will was choosing to reject the instrument and wanted to offer some other options. He thought it was worth trying to find some arrangement more agreeable to the young man, before he lost the benefit of the time he'd already spent learning. And the potential of what he had to gain.
The man puts a gentle hand on Will's shoulder. "Will, I'm sorry you just heard part of what I said to your father. I told him that the group wasn't a good place for you to learn." Will pulls away from his hand. "You can already read music. You don't need the exercises to learn rhythm..."
Despite the lost sleep, and his own grumpiness when it happened, John treasured the times he did share in that midnight circle with Rosie and Sherlock. He wasn't quite sure he was welcome, truly, but his heart drank deep those nights even if his body complained.
can. She plays the flute with us sometimes. We played with her and Uncle My on the piano at the country house.”
John left his hand where it had landed, unwilling to lose the contact. He grasped Sherlock's wrist. Tried to find words. Before he was able, Sherlock put his other hand on John's and squeezed lightly. Unbearable pressure melted away from John.
“What? What is it? Are you done with your morning lessons?” John wandered out of the kitchen. He had traded his comfy robe for a blue apron emblazoned in white with 'Kiss the Cook.' He leaned against the door frame looking over at them. He smiled at the small serious amber head close to the taller head crowned with inky black curls. “Breakfast is nearly ready.”
"He can be. When no one is looking." John looked down at his cup with one of those heart melting looks she'd seen the other evening.
"Yes. I...well there are these theories about music children have heard in the womb. And even though she was just a wee thing at the wedding, I wondered if perhaps.."
Mrs. Hudson slowly took her hand off the door handle. Believing they’d be far too distracted by each other to notice any sound the knob might make, but still not wanting to break the fragile moment that had blossomed inside the room.
"Stop thinking. Just follow the music, and look at your wife. You'll know what to do." John opened his mouth and gave Sherlock a look. Then he closed it again and gave a rueful smile.
I know you want to, you berk. No more speeches. No more cases. But I can't let you go without dancing with me.
"Well, why don't you examine him, now?" And Mrs Hudson opened the boot of her fancy car, revealing a wrecked Sherlock in front of a grief-ridden John Watson's astonished eyes.
Rosie blinked at him, considering. He went on in a gentler tone of voice."One of the strongest people I know is your Dada. One of his strengths is that he is willing to see where he is in error, and listen to others who are correct. It makes him very strong."
The small face scrunched up. “No, I did see Aunt Clara play the piano at a Holiday Fair when we visited.”
This was meant to be the final chapter, the +1, but instead it will be split into parts with this being a bit of a case fic. So, here it is a little early. I'll get you the next come Monday.
"Beautiful. I'd love that someday," John said. Sherlock could see that John's eyes were full of feeling, but the sentiment in his own left him unable to deduce them.
He knew Sherlock would regret it when young Watson grew older and his late night stints were no longer necessary. He saw a shift in his friend. Nights had often been a time when Sherlock battled his darkest fears and strongest foes. John regretted that he could only follow so far. His own bodily needs, transport or otherwise, could not be denied. Despite his training as a soldier and a doctor, John skipped sleep begrudgingly, and when there was no other choice. But Sherlock seemed only to fall when he could hold off sleep no more. And then happily go without for days in the delight of a challenging case.
As if summoned, the detective threw open the front door. "John! The car--" He took in their positions and John's state and his ire became protective. "Mrs Hudson, what have you done to John?"
“All?” Sherlock snapped, “Isn’t that enough?” He frowned and put his face in his hands. “I’m sorry, John. It’s bringing back bad memories.”
Laughter and a large splash broke their moment. A group of young figures, skinny and nameless in the dark, waded into the shadowy water. Their footsteps slowing into a shamble as the water grew deeper. This section of the cove was untended, some length away from the tidy beach. Here a squelching muck caught at their feet, bogging down their breathless excitement.
ed: 27 July 2020. It's taking longer to finish this chapter than I planned! Thank you for your patience everyone. <3
John shook his head and shrugged one shoulder. "It's hard to say. This started as a bit of a lark, really. As I've posted on my blog that Sherlock has shifted to truly just consulting for more serious cases and we only do direct investigations on smaller, less dangerous questions, we've started getting visits and inquiries from a wider variety of clientele. We literally had two calls last week about lost cats. I was shocked that Sherlock almost took one. I've been directed now to run through a battery of questions aimed at getting the owners to realize if the cat is still on their own property, and if not then to redirect them to their local council. But the case we are on now also has an animal angle."
Sherlock kissed him, breaking off his attentions. He raised a hand to caress John's face. "I'm afraid she's got plans for tomorrow with her sister. She was happy for us to steal Watson away when were finished. But we do need to go tonight."
“Dadda. Sh’lock can play his vilin. The fairies like that, you know.” Mrs. Hudson recognized that grumpy face she wore, but it was not from either of Rosie’s biological parents.
The warmth was not returning to John's eyes. "I broke your heart," he said. Bleaker, "I was in love with you, and I threw it away."
Kite flying had been one of John's great joys as a child. Unfortunately, the pressures involved with getting the kite aloft brought out the bossiness in both Sherlock and young Watson. So each took their own part of the process. John and Rosie to get it into the sky, then each of the three taking turns holding the string and keeping each other company as moved. Sherlock took great pride in being ground crew to help Watson take the kite out of the air safely. He was constitutionally unable not to brag at least once about his clean record in avoidance of encountering what John called, 'kite eating trees.' It suited them all just fine.
Looking into the middle distance, Sherlock began again. "You have a history of traumatic dreams, John. And the training to harm others when they wake you should you be surprised." He looked over at John intercepting the beginnings of a massive glare that he'd expected. He headed this off. "I know for certain you would never harm your child, and you surely must have worked something out with Mary. But..I want to know if I may help if Watson wakes in the night. And I don't want to surprise you."
The detective pulled out a blank sheet of paper and a marker, worldlessly offering his scribing services to the child. "Let’s sort this out and see if it can help you answer your original question, or if we have need of more information gathering. What are your lines of inquiry?”
She backed away from the door, tip-toeing despite knowing they’d hear nothing of her footsteps. She went up the stairs and entered Rosie and John’s room.
After a break, the class is divided into two groups: a large mass of younger children, and a smaller body of older children with which Will is placed.
Sherlock was rarely surprised. An exception was the depths of the bonds he felt for those he truly loved. Those things his mind did not anticipate. Thankfully, his heart was open wide enough for him to accept it when it found him. His challenge was to acknowledge the feelings. His defenses closed tight and he fell back again and again into denial and rebuff of the reaching arms of others. Few were those who broke through. Chief among them, John and Rosie Watson.
He struggled to keep his thoughts from surging ahead down the path, into a fractured future that led Sherlock, unpardoned and untouched, away from John Watson's door. One where he slipped back into a trajectory that only two weeks ago had felt lonesome yet secure, steady if not more than passingly exciting. But certainly not alluring, full of fascination, even hinting at rapture.
Sigur Holmes waves Will to go wait outside. He hangs back after the class to talk with the older man who had skillfully shepherded this shifting mass of youthful energy into what seemed a lively, productive group lesson. Sigur is impressed with the way Mr. Shadid had helped the older students' greater focus and ability inspire the younger students. They offered a model, while not taxing the limited attention spans of the rambunctious youngsters. The younger children had spent the second half of the lesson playing tag games to the sounds of Mozart and Vivaldi, while the older students further practiced songs. He recalled seeing something in the literature for the group saying that although children could start at any time, parents were encouraged to begin a child's relationship with the music as soon as possible. Beethoven in the birthing room and all that.
As Lasho released him he spoke. Ecaterina translated, "He said, 'you're a long way from home, aren't you?'"
"Oh, nothing. It's," John flushed. "If you wanted to tell me about your sexual orientation, I'm sure you would."
There had been far too much nudity for John's comfort recently. Watching Bruce Willis and Bonnie Bedelia square off tensely, he shook his head, trying to rid himself of the image of Irene's oddly off-putting strawberry cream flesh. The image of Sherlock's sheet clad bare legs, arms and..other things intruded into his brain. He rolled his eyes, at himself this time, and stared at the screen. His fingers suddenly twitching with a strange itch to gently encircle Sherlock's ankle. The vulnerable exposed skin resting so close to him.
Sherlock faded back to consciousness still feeling John's warm weight in his arms. He'd been dreaming of their kiss. Again. The velvet contact of mouths suddenly famished for the touch of the other. The gleam of sunlight on John's kiss-wet lips as they parted for breath. The devouring look in those ocean dark eyes. Then the hushed sound of rain on the roof as the vision broke apart with the return to waking.
John Watson had slipped through his armor from the first. And Sherlock had given himself wholly to the man, no coming back. No regrets, and also no hope of ever having these feelings returned in full. No hope of the miracle now in his arms. Sherlock had lived without hope for so long. What was one more silent hunger?
Sherlock moved to kneel next to the doctor, his back to the fire. He put his hand on John's knee and leaned against the chair. John looked startled, but did not object and seemed to settle happily in the new configuration. The hand not stabilizing Rosie caressed Sherlock's hand, then rested on his detective's head, absently stroking his dark hair.
Two of the youngsters came closest to the edge of jellyfish. One drawing back, the other urging on. A hand reaching out. John called, “No!” But then a cry of pain rang out, and the slight bodies froze. Three began to scuttle away from the drifting, pulsing stars beneath the water. The one who was stung stilled, clutching their hand. The fluttering watery beings began to surround the youngster, who yelped, panicked and hurting.
Sherlock leaned towards him. The light of the fire flickered across the nut brown sheen of his instrument. "You can ask, John."
Dark brown eyes in a time-weathered face open wide in surprise and the instructor shakes his head. "No, no. I don't mean that he's hopeless. Quite the opposite. He's motivated, shows excellent instincts and has insights far beyond his years. But I think that learning in a large group context like this is more likely to hold him back. Especially given his..awkwardness around other children. How long has he been playing?"
Sherlock stalked over to the doorway. He pulled it open eagerly. "You've got those case files, then?"
CW: John has a brief panic attack at the start of the chapter. Skip down to "After an interlude of silent sunny looks,  Sherlock dropped his hand then John dropped his" to avoid it.
"Do you now? I had thought this was one of your blue 'family time' blocks, not green for study." John aimed to avoid shooting Sherlock a frustrated, questioning glance, but only mostly succeeded.  Sherlock took up the thread.
"Come, Watson. Give us your thoughts. Remember what I said. You're plenty strong." At that, John gave his detective a look askance, but his daughter giggled and started speaking.
Sherlock's eyes crept back to meet John's, who said, "Please. I want to hear from you, but I'm more than happy to disclose. I can go first. Or last. Or whatever you want."
Small hands assembled and arranged the worn wooden blocks. Each a different pastel shade, the cubes' sides were decorated with hand-painted notes and other music-related symbols and whimsical adornments. They'd been covered with a once-glossy, clear lacquer that had been polished impossibly smooth from repeated use in some spots. In others it was crackled and split from one too many falls from atop a tower. She went through each side in turn, making a small mark on the chart next to those represented on the blocks.
The future tenants were thrilled to benefit. John was leaving behind all the living room and kitchen furnishings. The matching dressers Mary had picked out for them. And the bed. John had been sleeping on the day bed in Rosie's room for months. He had barely stepped foot in the bedroom except for clothes, since Mary had made what he now accepted was her final exit from their lives.
"I'm not sure, Papa." She stood up, scattering the blocks, and walked over to John. Climbing up into his lap as she spoke. "I'm trying to figure out if you can read music, Dada. By process of elimination."
Pulsing, they grow. A sliver of star becomes a puff of sea grace. A tumbling reaching hand of strands grasp an errant egg, pull it inward. Again, again, again. The sea becomes their hunting grounds.The flutter of gentle spokes spell death. The quarry falls to layer life on, and bring them onward.
The night breeze murmured through the leaves. The blurry rumble of the cove was broken by the occasional slap of a wave against the shore. John and Sherlock were the last to remain on the beach. Finally they stilled their laughter with eyes bright, full of one another, and thoughts full of joys yet to come.
"If a train is coming, you wait for it to pass. If there's nothing there, and if an adult says it is safe, then you can cross. It's like that in the music with the caesura."
John is moving back to 221B Baker Street, with Rosie. Mary is gone. He is adapting to single parenthood. His relationship with Sherlock is healing. And things are actually better than they've ever been. But John has some catching up to do.
In response to his daughter’s words, Sherlock’s mouth moved slightly in what his husband would have called an indulgent manner. But his eye took on a light that would have betrayed quite a different meaning to his closest confidant. That certain glimmer only the hunt lent this unique soul.
Oh, and then poor sweet Molly. She'd been wearing her heart on her sleeve for so long for their dear detective. You'd have thought she'd have figured it out by now that his interests just didn't turn in her direction. She'd been a bit jealous of how Sherlock let John in so swiftly. How much he clearly meant to the brilliant fool.
John felt limp and easy. He had no idea what was to come, but the fear and anger that had gripped him was gone. Left in its wake a curious openness. A blank slate, awaiting. He lifted his glass and raised it to toast.
Ten minutes later finds Will taut with impatience and temper. The students each hold an imaginary violin beneath their chin, real bow stroking empty air. Will quivers with the need to ask a question, to complain about this useless activity. He wants to be working on smoothing out the long strokes of his
John looked askance and picked up one of the biscuits. "What and leave you to be a wanker all on your own? Wouldn't dream of abandoning a mate like that. Mmm..." The first bite was heavenly. The complex pungent flavor at odds with the delicate graceful appearance of the treat. John nodded appreciatively. "The taste works better with the whiskey than I'd have guessed."
"Yep." John said, popping the 'p.' "Much good it did me. Between my heart not being in it or you doing God knows what all to sink each ship."
Mrs. Hudson spent more of her time resting, then more time sleeping. She let them take her to hospital to be treated when it was clearly needed.
"It's music you do. And you used to sing to me when you were putting me to sleep. So maybe your mother, or your father sang to you?"
It is expected for the Best Man to dance with at least one of the Bride's Maids, I am given to understand. I have done so. - SH
Sherlock undressed unthinking. Letting shirt and trousers fall where they would. He curled up naked under the sheets, feeling tender points on his neck and breast. Touching his sensitive lips, allowing himself to be dazed and bemused. His confidence before John was more than partly show. The rapture of the full reveal of John's emotions, and the glory of his touch had far surpassed his greatest hopes for the evening. Care, and esteem, and love, and even desire. How could he contain the joy. How could he believe that John loved him in every way he might have longed for.
She touched his cheek softly. "Dear boy. You know you're the only son I'll ever have, don't you?" She lingered in silence for a moment, then slapped him with no heat. "So stop this rubbish. Tell me what you're planning for your young man up there. I'm happy to watch sweet Rosie whenever you need." She stood up and began gathering up Rosie's things for him to take up stairs. "But do it quick, before John starts to worry that we're conspiring with you staying down here so long."
Sherlock stilled and tensed as he often did when John touched him. But John was quite unable to let go. He inhaled the scents of wood smoke and cedar-saffron hair product that clung to his flatmate. His chin resting on a tall shoulder, John heard the reassuring sound of his friend's breath. He held on. In the absence of rejection, John took this moment. Pent up need for contact overriding the careful distance he maintained to respect his friend and protect their connection. Water lapped over the dam. Today, it was just too much.
She looked at the page. Opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again. "I thought no? But then, why would you be asking…"
"It's not a secret that we have to hide, Bee. It's a secret because once you understand it, it opens your eyes to something others may see but not observe." The detective felt John's arm come around his waist. His husband had rearranged his burdens to the other side. His gaze as he met Sherlock's eyes was gentle and full. Sherlock felt Watson release her hold on his shoulder and put her hand on her Dada's hair. Then John's head rested against him, too.
And, selfishly, as surrendering John to Mary's tender mercies was the sole path open to him, Sherlock aimed to eke out a place in his friend's life. Even if he was simply remembered as that odd housemate in time. John might say, "Sherlock may have been shite at feelings and nearly killed himself to spite villains despite knowing I'd never have agreed to let him head off into the hinterlands all alone, but he did do a good job as Best Man. He made sure we had a bang up wedding. Wonder what he's up to these days?"
." John flinched. "I didn't tell you that story about regretting marrying my no good nothing of a husband for no reason, my dear."
The film rolled on. John's body softened. He found his hand on Sherlock's leg again, safely shielded by the polite barrier of the blanket this time. John allowed himself not to think about it.
He felt on the edge of saying something he'd only brushed across admitting to himself. He remembered the first time he was deployed into live battle. The adrenaline. The feeling of being on the edge of something. The one way nature of the flow. Like stepping into a river and not knowing where on the other bank he would find himself after the current washed him where it would. If he'd remain standing.
"You know what I mean. It's a mercy you are taking this time off. If you hadn't I was considering one of those, interventions on your behalf."
"You asked about past relationships." Sherlock watched John make the connections, and accepted the fury filled gaze John threw at him with no fear.
After some time, Sherlock gathered himself. He settled Martha’s body. Adjusting small needless details as if to make her more comfortable or presentable.  She watched him, wishing she could reassure him. Before he went back upstairs, he laid a kiss on her forehead, above her softly closed eyes.
"I didn't want to presume, John." A shy look, extremely at odds with his physical state and the intimacy of their embrace, came over John's face. Sherlock made a connection. "Wait, but you did. For my birthday?"
"Why aren't we using musical notation?" A chitter of laughter runs through the room. A couple of the older students whisper to each other, looking in his direction. Will doggedly continues, "Or a metronome?"
Sherlock felt Watson fidget on his back. "Stay still, Bee. You're getting big to carry this way. We'll be home soon."
“Goodness. I will remember one of these days. Chief Inspector Lestrade. That I can recall. Let us test your inferences, Bee. Whom have you seen read music?”
The vulnerable look in Sherlock’s eyes made John burn.  He pulled Sherlock close. Cradled his dark head. A fury took him, stilling lips that yearned to kiss away those fears.
Mr Shadid stared at Mr. Holmes dumbfounded. "He's self-taught, to this level, in just a few months?"
The detective sat on Mrs Hudson's couch and cradled Rosie on his lap in the curve of his arm. The bag and extra nappies were neatly gathered on the table. Martha sipped her last cup of tea and pondered his continued presence.
He shook his head. Glancing out the window to see the detective pacing irritably back and forth on the pavement. "Not that. My favor. I need a favor. From you."
Legato - long, smooth even bow strokes which connect notes and maintain continuous accent and volume.
"I am not gay." John took a deep breath. The light and the heat and the sand before him once more. "I'm bi. Bisexual. I like--"
John tucked Rosie up against himself. Unconsciously taking comfort in her warmth. "And?" he said, as Sherlock did not continue.
"What? Oh!" John had begun undressing. He interrupted himself to place the monitor on the table by Sherlock's bed.
Getting through the latest winter had been a trial. Despite John's expert care and the tender attentions of all in 221B, the recovery from her fall on the icy sidewalk had dragged on and on. Everyone, especially Rosie, had spent much more time in the ground floor apartment than usual, to keep her company.
John glowed. No other word for it. "Really?" The happiness flickered, became unsteady. "Then, my God, when you came back, and I and Mary--"
John struggled to come back from the grip of the hormones flooding his system. "So you didn't ask Mrs Hudson to take her for the whole night then?"
"Oh, goodness, no. He insisted on getting an instrument for Christmas. And since then he's been knocking about with it on his own. Got some books out. I think he may have watched a video or something."
The full melody played out, a second violin was retrieved and the learning sequence was begun again, this time with the exchange going the other direction. Other members of the band started repopulating the table where they sat. The background roar dulled and dimmed as the line to the bar receded and most of the bar's clientele retook their seats. Sherlock abruptly cut short a note when he realized that only a low murmur now divided them from the attention of the room.  His companion played on a bit, finishing a line he had mastered and asked Sherlock a question in Romanian. With his assenting nod, the Romani musician turned to speak with his fellow band members.
At present, Rosie was making the low, oddly mechanical sound Sherlock referred to as 'winding up' which signaled she was getting ready for a proper cry. She was belted safely into the car seat of the small economy model he'd reserved. Mycroft had offered to send a car round but John put his foot down and ordered his own. His independence from the smug bureaucrat's influence might be an illusion--made even more transparent by this move back to Baker Street--but it was one to which he would cling.
Sherlock glanced over to them. Joy trembled in his eyes, in check. "I'm not overly presuming, am I?"
above and below together. Derived from notation created by Guido of Arrezo, a Tuscan monk, circa 1025 CE. [
"There is research that has shown that exposure to musical traditions can assist in the assimilation of knowledge. If you'll allow me to play to Watson, she can take in a tremendous amount of information before she's even conscious of it. The rhythms of music, melodies, the sensation of the notes even..."
You stupid git, you don't get to tell me what I need. I need to dance with my best friend and that's final.
"Yes." John offered her the block he'd been holding. "I'm so glad they were useful." She accepted the object, and placed all three on her lap. As she reached her hand up to cradle her chin, her tongue peeked out between her lips.
"John! Why are you wasting time! Is Watson settled?" He unbent enough to send an affectionate gaze her way across the room.
John, who was squirming in his seat at the unexpected praise being heaped upon him, took this opportunity to tease and hope for some change of topic soon, "Long way from slightly less idiotic than everyone else, eh?"
She'd never dreamed it could get this bad. Again. Sherlock had come back from the dead only to consign himself on a course leading straight back to Hades if something didn't change.
Sherlock nodded. He put his face in his hands for a moment taking in the truth of that statement with his whole self. Then he looked up. A twinkle appeared in his eye. "Can you ask him if he's too tired to learn another song? There's a composition of my own that I made for a friend, I'd love to share..."
Mr Shadid picks up the rosin. "Take this for example. This lets the violin help you. It sweetens the tone. People who are learning can get a good note more easily. You need to use rosin anyway, so why not use something that will help you enjoy it more?"
John’s eyes blinked appreciatively. He responded to the change. He placed a hand on the paper strewn table, across from where Sherlock’s hands sat with fingers woven together.
Letting John walk away felt unnatural and wrong. As though he'd sent the soldier upstairs entrusted with right hand or his still pumping heart. Left stranded and unfinished below in his absence. But he breathed a deep sigh, thinking of the night. Remembering John's cheeky smile when he told Watson how "the man he loved" needed to sleep or he'd be in a real strop tomorrow.
John's presence on the case had been beyond serendipitous. Life changing, if retaining the ability to think and breath may be said truly to be a change. He was certain he had chosen properly and would not have been taken by Hope's ruse, but he had to admit that without John's shot the likelihood would have been marginally higher that the case John called "A Study in Pink" could have been his last. In this quiet moment, the black of the sky transitioning to a fleeting cobalt blue soon to be chased into grey and gold of morning, Sherlock realized that the near stranger John had been to him that day had cared more about that possibility than he himself had.
"It's very fine. Special rosin may have gold or silver or even lead. And copper. The chemical properties of the metals change how the strings and the bow interact."
Mrs. Hudson walked out letting John, followed by a thoughtful but happy looking Sherlock, rush past her into the small room.
Will is informed Mr Shadid has come to speak with him. They meet in the music room. Mr Shadid brings his violin. Will sees his own instrument sitting on top of the piano. He frowns. They sit facing each other and Will waits patiently for the man to speak. To lecture him, then go away and leave him in peace. He has plans for the afternoon that involved boarding and taking a Royal Navy privateer, then working on a new model for a snare he is sure will work. He has spent enough days now with the leaden lump in his stomach that has replaced the ecstatic thrill he'd used to feel at the smell of rosin. He is trying to forget what the music once meant.
"No, thankfully. But curiously all parties scarpered, even the person he tried to help. Sherlock's friend was left with the items they had dropped. He was baffled and came to us for help in finding the rightful owner. Such a conscience. The items were a hat--which Sherlock was all over, he loves a challenge for his deductions even more these days--and of all things, a great big fresh goose. An expensive cruelty-free grown one, all wrapped up in white butcher paper, like the old days. I'm sure we'll find it was from some posh farm where the birds have a better pedigree than you or me, or maybe it's from some goose club that's part of a game bird hunting subscription service."
Rosie nodded, dismissing his heartfelt lecture and accepting the conclusion as simple common sense. She returned to the question at hand, gesturing to their chart. "So if I examine my assumptions here, Papa, it’s not very accurate to say that if someone plays an instrument or sings, that they can read music."
“All right. I’ve heard Dada sing, so he's in the 'plays' column." Sherlock added him. Rosie went on, "I've never seen him read music. So he may read, but we can’t tell can we? He may sing by ear. Or he may read, like
“You’re not, dear one. Well, we all are. Hm. Let’s set that question aside for a time when we can talk about that with your Dada as well. Let me summarize. What we’ve done already is to explore the observation you had today: 'Dada does not read music.' Your investigatory question is, ‘Why?’ Now let’s look at the assumptions you’ve made. This will help us supply an example for you to learn the methods from.”
Sherlock shook off the sentiment which had sanctified the moment and smirked at his landlady. "After that little performance this morning? Did you finish picking caterers for my birthday before we left or did you do that for him while we were on the case?"
He raced into the open, bent low making as small a target as possible. Pulling up behind an overturned cart he could finally see them. Three ISAF
Sherlock enfolded his beloved friend in his arms and sighed deeply. He turned, still holding John, and laid down the bow next to his violin. He chuckled.
Sherlock shifted to lean on his side against the rail and look over at John beside him. The chill loss of his warmth sent a shiver through the doctor. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and said, “Yes, but not necessarily expected. I think not everyone’s orientations have as yet been disclosed.”
John felt that disrupted, surreal feeling he'd often get with a first kiss. The bare physicality of it strange. The dull thud of matter. He often found some stray detail would derail his mind. Maybe an odd smell of soured milk, a too wet mouth or uncomfortably dry tongue. All too often his emotions bounced off at this point. When the lovely hypotheticals of enjoying a person's company turned into the truth of offering and asking such closeness from someone he, well, liked just fine. Or thought was a right looker. But so far from touching his heart that they might as well be exchanging fluids by spitting in their hands. So many times he'd had the realization that the core of him was already conquered. Sherlock's possessive occupation of 221B stretching far beyond. Into John's thoughts, his daily life, his admirations and affections. Even his dreams. And most certainly, all encompassing, into his heart. And now, his arms.
When the room had grown all but still, the black capped musician stood and a final hush came down. "A song from our new friend." Sherlock stood and raised the man's violin to his shoulder and began "
Instead of reacting with hurt or anger, John instead found himself yawning. He shook his head. "It's fine. It's all fine, Sherlock. I haven't--well, that's not true. I have been having nightmares again since Mary left. But therapy has helped me work out my responses. It was better even when I nursed you, remember?" A nod. "I'm too tired to argue. So let's try it. I'll leave the door cracked and if you hear her in the night, come on up. It's probably all academic anyway. Since she's eating solid food as well as the bottle now, she sleeps much longer stretches."
"Wait, let me this time, my love." He heard Sherlock's in-drawn breath at his words. John slowly opened his shirt and laid it aside. He touched Sherlock's chest reverently with his hand. Reading a history of brutality carved into his lover's flesh.
As he navigated city streets that seemed alien from behind the wheel, he breathed in something fragile. Unformed emotions and a single word,
John said, "I take it she has heard it already?" indicating Rosie. This provoked a smile out of Sherlock.
yes, and so i want you to be there when that child is born. and i want you here now because i love you, you stupid wanker, and nothing is going to change that, no matter what else happens
Watson looked up at Sherlock, who inclined his head slightly and let a smile enter his eyes. Rosie smiled confidently at this encouragement and asked her father, "Does
He began to play the piece again. This would be the last run through before he played it for John. Watson's eyes were drooping. Soon he would return her upstairs and Sherlock himself would retire. The flat would return to the sweet embrace of a full, loving silence.
They stilled at last, foreheads resting together. They exchanged words of love then. Quiet, simple and earnest.
Martha thought of the times she'd helped Mycroft retrieve Sherlock from relapse. She thought of the danger nights when she'd helped John stand vigil. And she thought of the day she thought they'd interred her dear friend in the ground. The shock she'd felt later when he returned, miraculously. She saw again the blank desperation that had taken hold of John after Sherlock fell. And the roiling anger that had taken residence in him after the detective returned. And the incredible relief that had been able to bloom once they had come to terms before the wedding. She thought of the life she saw in John's eyes again with Sherlock at his side. The joy she'd seen in them both these past months. The new man Sherlock seemed to be with Rosie and John with him. She tried to think of words. To tell him what it meant and that it would all be worth it some day.
Still, it wouldn't hurt. And the man seems invested. Her son is so solitary in his ways. Encouraging a person of talent inclined to mentor him seems prudent. But good luck to this teacher in finding a way to convince Will to pick up the violin if he indeed was finished with it. If he is lacking the focus her older son seems so plenteously graced with, her younger son is endowed even more richly with a pugnacious temperament.
A piercing look. "John, what are you asking? You're not getting defensive, are you? You will support whatever feels right for Watson, won't you?"
Read about the ancient musical heritage of Iraq and efforts by individuals and organizations such as the Ruya Foundation (https://ruyafoundation.org/en/) to preserve Iraqi music and culture in the face of war:
) of those surrounding him he saw one universal truth. The weight of the economic miracle of Romania passing them by was lighter on each person's shoulders as they raptly watched the band play.
"Well, I suppose I'm also very positive about that idea. Perhaps we can still take her up on it?" He did not relent.
Sherlock went down the hall, spent time in the loo, then came back out again. She saw him linger, listening. She could hear the sound of John’s voice rolling out in a lilting sing-song pattern. He was reading one of Rosie’s favorite books to her.
Sherlock drank in the sight of the man. That amber hair appearing platinum-gold to Sherlock's eyes in the noon-touched air.  The lips that parted into a smile. The eyes lit up with gratitude and promise. The hands opening, effortlessly gifting Sherlock's own
"Oh thank you!" John let go of his breath and a measure of the tension he'd been carrying. "It's brilliant of you to do this at the drop of a hat. I just had time to give her the jarred stuff, but she's very interested in real food, so I'm sure she'll eat more for you." He accepted a cup of coffee as they conferred about formula and nappies. John encouraged her to rummage 221B if she needed anything.
A deduction unlocked by a certain look in his flatmate's eyes. When John handed Watson over for a very unromantic nappy change. It was complete trust. Complete contentment.
"John, of course you did. And I was honored. I truthfully meant it when I didn't even understand that I was your best friend until that time. I had no idea what kind of claim you would tolerate."
Nearby, Rosie giggled brightly from Mrs Hudson's lap. They sat together with Sherlock on the couch. The gregarious child beamed under the joint attentions of two of her favorite people. Age-lined hands held her gently upright. Sherlock played peek a boo. He sent Rosie into peals of laughter interspersed with long, quiet suspenseful moments.
Sherlock leaned in to nip John's ear lobe lightly. He spoke quietly into John's ear. "You're sure?" His hand resumed its attentions. "We can stop any time you'd like?"
On a magnetic white board slapped onto the fridge were written 5 practical objectives which Rosie had chosen. The neat angular characters of the words were in a hand that still made John’s eyes brighten and his lips curl upward when he saw them. They showed up on sketches of dead bodies scattered around the flat, as well as in oddly formal love notes tucked into a book he might be reading. Sometimes neatly curled around his stethoscope.
"I told you Rosie can stay with me as long as you need. It would be nice if you could text me when you get a sense of that."
First, there was a man living in his home. His home. A hard fought harbor of quiet in a life assailed by misunderstanding and vitriol.
Sherlock closed his eyes in gratitude for this chance to be here. So many points of mischance that could have robbed him of just this moment in the night. One Watson tucked peacefully asleep upstairs, while the other kept Sherlock company in his nightly vigil. Snow blanketed round the Baker Street flats. Waiting for the morning to dawn on a day that would bring change and perhaps..something new to all their lives.
Mr Shadid nods and smiles slightly. "Yes, I can understand. It's a lovely instrument. I didn't start playing until when I was older than you." He pauses, searching Will's face to see if he is engaged, then continues. "Music was part of my life. I played in my village in Iraq. Played the drum, the jawzah and the oud. Violins were less common. Very expensive. It wasn't until I was almost your brother's age that I was able to get one, with the help of my family." His eyes become distant, then return Will's gaze again. "When we had to leave I brought it with me. We lost so much, but the songs helped me carry some of home."
Sherlock had decided that what he could do was to speak through his violin. To share with John the transcendence he had felt in Romania. Longing for him. Encompassed in a taste of home when he was so lost. The music surely could say what he could not.
Pulling up outside of 221 Baker Street, John inhaled deeply. He braced himself for the next steps in the coming ordeal. He'd been in touch with Sherlock and Mrs Hudson by text, but he hadn't been back to the flat as he'd planned. Getting through the work week, chasing the tube, handing off to child care, getting things sorted with patients before taking extended time off, and the bone weariness that underlay it all--had overwhelmed him. His mind filled with the chaotic sprawl of belongings spread around the flat when he left it the prior Sunday.
But when Sherlock appeared to claim her while John made arrangements for their supper, Martha was grateful to be able to pass along the child.
Then John was abruptly awake. His leg fallen off the bed. His body tangled in sheets. His body covered in cold sweat.
John's hand darted out to grasp one of Sherlock's and squeezed tight.  Sherlock looked up to see John nod and say, "Yes. Same. For me."
Rosie straightened her back. The blonde head tilted and the tip of her small pink tongue made a brief appearance. “
Sherlock seemed to start breathing again. John felt the man's lanky length relax in every fiber. Sherlock's hips twisted, and then his whole body turned to face John. Feet slotted in place around John's knee. He felt cool fingers tentatively touch his hair. Pet lightly. A warmth he'd felt the evening before rekindled. John breathed deep and moved his hand back to Sherlock's hip.
Mrs. Hudson stuck her head through the door. No such luck. She knew that would have been too good to be true.
"On the board of several banks and one hospital, I believe." John exhaled sharply. "He also had a wealthy family to bail him out.
Sherlock firmly believed himself no romantic. All evidence of the evening, his own behaviour over the past years since meeting John, and the tremble his limbs gave in this moment of hearing John utter those words--all this to the contrary. But even he could no more leave that mouth unkissed than he could deny Rosie when she asked to be picked up, or leave evidence for some cretin to trample and destroy.
John shook his head as he stripped the table of dishes and began putting their food together for the day.
"So, John. You, as I recall, had wanted us to talk, this evening?" Sherlock played lazily with John's hair. His beloved friend's face was buried in his chest. Clothing sorted, they now lay with bodies fully entangled across Sherlock's side of the couch. John's blistering climax had surprised them both with its volume and emotional impact. Sherlock blinked away the remnants of tears as he held John's finally calmed body in his arms.
Bed springs? Were they sitting down together? Something more? A bit speedy for them if so. Would they make her (and each other) wait all this time, then get on with the shagging two seconds after someone trapped them alone together?
“First off, we discussed it already. How do we know if someone can read music? You have used two ways of determining. What are they?”
"Bee, it will be getting chilly by sunset. I expect we'll all be done in by the time we hear the mid-afternoon
"Your gun is in the safe we moved last weekend, correct? Or is it with Lestrade? I know you are in the process of getting a license.  But what I really want to know is, can I enter your room at night and tend to Watson, or will I be risking my life? Or endangering hers?"
The flutter of Sherlock's pulse beat wildly. He moved closer, drawn like a sunflower compassing towards a private sun.
Crumbs. He just left poor John behind. What on earth... Why did he take the dear thing in to just leave all this skill and talent (and a personage quite easy on the eyes) to molder?
"Come Watson," Sherlock said quietly to the fussing child as they went down the stairs together. "I need your help tonight."
"You warn me if we see him, then." Sherlock felt a heady rush at the novel feeling of being able to accept John's jealousy.
"It was just to celebrate the moment, John, no need for us to get soused out of pecuniary guilt." Sherlock was happy to keep drinking, they had no where to go. But John seemed to be in high spirits and spoiling for some kind of battle, so he was pleased to oblige him.
"During Advent, musicians played at church. There were violins, violas, cellos." Will closes his eyes and can hear the lead violin soaring over the others, filling the rafters with glorious sound. His smile disappears and he shrugs. "I'd learned to play the piano a little. So maybe I could learn the violin, too." Guarded, he looks the teacher in the eyes.
"Sherlock." Sherlock snapped back to the present and was surprised into giving a genuine smile to his friend.
Sherlock tried hard to keep his ears from straining to hear his own name cross those cherished lips. And so hearing on occasion, to not read more into the phrase than simple unconscious recognition.
But still, this moment's openness meant even more than the hours spent building furniture and adapting the flat. John locked it away as a treasured memory. With quiet nights between cases. With sharing the stars. With learning to dance in his arms.
John's voice dropped and he continued glancing out the window as he spoke, as though he thought somehow, some way Sherlock could hear them. Or somehow deduce the content of their words from this distance and through the spider's weave of lace curtains. "I'm planning a bit of a surprise for Sherlock's birthday. And I wonder if you might be able to take Rosie then, as well."
. She knew some German, and they could make themselves understood to each other after a fashion. He seemed to be picking up Romanian quickly.
Martha, leaned against the stove, weakly turning the heat off and wiping her eyes. "Oh Sherlock. John was just telling me about your case. I just can't--"
Inquisitive fingers retrieve the object and hold it up to the light. A small brow wrinkles and eyes shift sidewise skeptically. "It doesn't look different."
"Is that because the little ones are too stupid to count yet?"  A gasp goes up and every head swivels to fix their gaze on Will.
“Don’t forget ‘gives mind-blowing head,’” Sherlock added cheekily, despite his crimson face and wry grin.
John reached out and plucked at Sherlock's lapel. He rested his hand on Sherlock's chest, pulling the fabric firmly. Wordlessly asking the man to look at him. He felt calm. He felt hopeful.
He'd bedded so many women. Tasted their interest, buoyed their spirits, felt his own ego flush with the pulse of their desire. The gift of heated hand touching soft, vulnerable skin. The satisfaction of giving pleasure, and receiving in return. He'd found warm moments with men, during university and then in Afghanistan. The laughing contact of a game turning to brief but passionate fulfilment. The relief of returning back to base whole collapsing into a grateful, life affirming mutual wank. But this...
John thought, reveling in the simple attention. His nose caught a delicious scent. He looked down at the plate by the chair.
Ah, that Stardawg weed really uplifted the spirit and unlocked the brain, didn't it? She made a note to thank John's ex, Sarah, again for the recommendation. She felt the kink in her side ease and her snarled shoulders start to release, unlocked by the chemicals and the invigorating activity. She was ready for the day.
“Nanna is sleeping, rosebud. She can’t come see us, I’m afraid. We’ll have to talk about this when your father returns.” He mumbled the last quietly.
John started up the film again. He reluctantly put his hand back into his lap. Sherlock's feet squirmed a moment, digging deeper beneath John's leg. The man pulled his silky dressing gown closer about him. Not looking directly over at his flatmate, John pulled down the afghan they had folded on the back of the sofa and tossed half over to Sherlock, keeping one end on his lap.
Martha rose from bed, pulled on yoga pants and rolled herself a slender joint from the eighth of Stardawg she had stashed in the drawer of her bedstand. She packed full the bowl on the natty little bamboo steamroller pipe Sherlock had gifted her with. Its green finish was the same dark hue as the conifer that now dominated their consulting room. She grinned, puffing, remembering holding Rosie as they bickered good-naturedly while dragging the too-large thing to their flat earlier in the month.
Applying himself to his studies and learning to wield his 'freakish' insights as sword and scalpel allowed him needed space. He pulled through his degrees, burned through the system at speed with high honors and no motion wasted. He embraced Mycroft's credo: sentiment was a weakness. By the end, Sherlock had found his own byword: alone protects me.
"No indeed. But in the end neither did they." Sherlock shifted now, to lean back against John's chair and his leg equally. His hand came up to encircle John's knee from below. It all felt strangely natural.
Sherlock leans against the bole of the tree. He shuts his eyes and tries to push away the images pursuing him from the lesson. Children laughing at him, sneering. Mr Shadid's voice saying "he doesn't belong here." His father's sighs. The screeching horrible sounds his violin made when he first tried to play with the experienced students. Moisture prickles the corners of his eyes. His shoulders heave. Will cries and cries.
played the oboe when he was younger, but lost the habit and doesn’t own an instrument. However, he retains the knowledge."
“We know who in the family plays music. We know whom I’ve seen read music.” Sherlock made three columns on the page, placing these categories at the top of two and adding a third 'Reads Music.' They took some time and added the names Watson had arrived at in the appropriate column, matching those who appeared twice and leaving gaps for those who did not re-occur. The third column remained blank
Mrs. Hudson came close to the girl. “On my way, dear. Just wanted to come say goodbye to you.” Rosie put her arms out and Mrs. Hudson picked her up.
"That was thoughtful of him. It's difficult to get someone to take a chance on you once you are in the system."
"So you decided to wake me and half the neighborhood to make yourself feel better?" John took several steps into the room, until he stood directly in front of Sherlock. This close he could see the shadows beneath the younger man's eyes. For a moment he thought he saw an expression like concern, but the face shuttered swiftly and returned to impassivity.
On nights most bitter and most sweet, John woke. A kaleidoscope of emotions: surprise, hazy confusion, concern, relief, calm. This occurred just often enough to send the detective's heart beating fast when he heard a deeply intaken breath. This could signal waking. Seeing John's eyes open brought answering warmth to Sherlock's chest. Even, delight. But the goal was for the man to rest. This outcome was to be avoided. Yet the insatiable pull the lethargic soldier's sleep-loose body held over Sherlock's own was magnified by the intimacy of the hour.
The detective's look of impatience deepened. "Then you'll understand how urgent it is that we get moving. John?"
John lifted his head just enough to give Sherlock a look. "My gorgeous bastard." He flopped down heavily again and nestled in closer. "You talk," came through, a bit muffled.
However, the wheels in that young mind were still turning. “Are there really over a dozen kinds of pauses?”
Sherlock felt relaxed. He spoke, his eyes resting on Rosie then glancing every so often to meet John's. "I felt..drawn to you from the start. I didn't understand at first. It was nothing like with Victor. He pressed me, courted me.  Expanded my circle. Then later when it had become a bit too expansive," John snorted, but Sherlock could feel the tension in his fingers,"he abandoned me. I never saw him again after my trip to rehab. He called me once, clearly wasted. Inviting me round for 'sex and blow.'"
"Ah. Ahem." John leaned in for a kiss, his eyes softening with affection. Still finding their way with one another, their noses touched. A wordless negotiation ended with tilted heads and John's warm mouth partaking of Sherlock's. The detective savored the softness, then nibbled at the corner of John's lips. His tongue sought entrance and was happily welcomed, with a sigh of pleasure. Sherlock felt John's arms encircle his neck and he surrendered to the moment. All thoughts and worries swept away by a wash of affection and desire.
"Tedious. Stop panicking, John. Your virtue is intact." Sherlock took a breath, then released it. "It's chilly. You are warm. You fell asleep." He paused, looking back at his phone, rolling his eyes. "This won't turn you gay."
Then, a bump. A burr. A knotted thread in the line of being. The polyp she spins a wheel. One star, another. They layer, one upon another. Brown, purple, blue, translucent slice of life. How could this thin peel become a pulsing, coursing medusa? How can the moon, with her breath and stroke, be caught below, starlight congealed?
The storm of feelings passed and John’s body loosened against his lover again. Taking a deep breath, he straightened up and looked Sherlock in the eye, watching for his responses.
International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), a multi-national coalition fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan. In 2006, elements of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, the successor to the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers which Watson enlisted with, were engaged in the Battle of Nawzad. This fight lasted 107 days, and forced most of the residents of the area to flee. ISAF forces remained to defend remote outposts. Conflict continued in this region for years. I'm compressing time to imagine this region is where John received the injury that sent him home.
pieces. Beethoven over Bach so far, and the dramatic, contemporary Beamish had caught her ear. Shrugging off narrow popular agendas for building super intelligence in the child through exposure to western European orthodoxy, he sought instead to follow her inclinations. That type of thinking struck a too familiar chord, one which he rejected with all the passionate heat of the wounded and rebellious child he had once been.
John tried to speak lightly and flirtatiously, but fell somewhat short. His voice quavered. "You look hungry. Here." He picked up another and leaned forward in the chair to offer it to Sherlock. He held it high, nearer face than hand. Sherlock transferred his attention, hesitated, then leant forward to take a bite. The warmth of his breath skimmed across the back of John's hand. The crunch of the biscuit mirrored a pop in the fireplace and the sudden surge in John's heart rate.
As he'd gone about his business during the week, John's location had been on his mind. Like the hum of distant electrical lines, invisible yet palpable.
She shook her ghostly head and rolled her ethereal eyes. Then, without wasting any time on thought or worry, she stepped close to Sherlock’s bed and knocked his lamp off the nightstand. Turning round, she swept books off a nearby shelf. She set his framed set of specimens to swinging, but caught herself before they toppled off the wall and she kept them from tipping precipitously onto the bed.
“’Fraid not, Bee. Have to leave it to your Papa to teach you about that. I’d best get back. Don’t want the bacon fried to a cinder, do we now?” He disappeared into the kitchen waving his hand at a cloud of smoke that backed up his words.
“John Hamish Watson,” she said to him, stroking his short silvered hair, “If you think I didn’t know how much Sherlock and you all loved me, maybe you are the idiot he’s accused you of being all these years.”  John’s shoulders shook in odd giggles for a moment, then his breathing calmed, slowly.
Sherlock scoffed and headed out. John turned to Mrs Hudson and she was surprised by the urgency she saw on his face. It clearly was not about the bird, missing diamond or no.
Sherlock thanked the lead violinist, Lasho, later for joining in with the other violin. It had been nearly two years since Sherlock had played, and he was still rebounding from his extended captivity. He acquitted himself admirably, but the support mattered. It felt so freeing to be part of the music.
She continued on, addressing Sherlock. "Should we make blocks for the rest?" She picked one up, touching the whole pause symbol hanging upside down next to a tiny blue bat on the second topmost line of the staff. "I'm not sure I'd use them though." She hunted through the blocks searching for favorites. The plum colored C-note with a cardinal nesting near it; the deep green whole note with a sleepy viper curled up on a rock below.
They stood a while lost in thought. The lap of the water entraining their breaths. The waltz of the jellies entrancing their eyes.
John drifted towards consciousness, a sensation tugging at him. Something was odd. He was warm, yet uncomfortable. The blanket rested on him - oh, he'd fallen asleep on the couch. His cheek rested on something smooth. A soothing heat met his flesh.
A few minutes later, Sherlock walked in on them. Their laughter had finally subsided, but the two of them were still gasping and holding their sides. Rosie and Sherlock both stared at John and Mrs Hudson in equal bafflement.
"It's the funny pair of lines that come down at an angle across the staff. Did you see that one?" Another sleepy nod. "Good. We'll look at it more in time. This is a special kind of a pause. It's also called a caesura. But train tracks is a good way to think of it. When you come to train tracks, you always have to wait, right Bee?"
More raised voices. A higher voice, distinctly John’s talking about “Rosie.” A rumbling reassuring voice. She’s just fallen asleep, she’d be fine for a moment.
Far too early, he'd woken beside his baby girl in the emptied shell of the flat he'd shared with Mary. Each step he'd taken since then felt like he was walking through the bottom of a well. Between harsh dreams, his daughter's chaotic schedule upended by the loss of one caregiver and the child's own constantly evolving needs, he couldn't remember the last time he'd slept sound.
At a breath, John held Sherlock close, leaning their foreheads together.  He groaned low, "How have I kept from touching you?"
"Nonsense, John. Come in, come in." She ushered him in and took a look out into the hallway before closing the door behind her. "Would you like some coffee? Or I can brew you up a cup of tea. And should I make something for Sherlock? I thought I heard him out there, too."
John caught his breath. He barely ever spoke of either of his parents to his child. "Yes, Rosie. How did you..?"
A clatter arose overhead. Martha recognized the sharp slap of fleet feet on the stairs and set aside her cup. She had heard this sound so many times before. The game was afoot. No sign of Lestrade outside.
She resumed her thoughts, "What else do I know? I know that Dada is caring, and thoughtful. He tries to help people however he can, at the hospital, volunteering and also taking cases with you, Papa. I know he's brave and strong," she gave a secret smile to Sherlock, "and not afraid of trying something new."
"You really, are a treasure, Mrs Hudson. I'm sorry to land Rosie in your lap again like this. You do so much--"
does read. He’s helped me with my violin homework when we’ve been on holiday. But I’ve never seen him play.”
Lestrade placed the bag on the kitchen table as he made himself at home. The friendly ring of the bottles clinking together made Sherlock twitch with impatience. "A bit early for that, isn't it?"
John stopped thinking and pulled Sherlock close. Their grateful, impatient bodies clung together. Their hearts...
Rosie was a bit droopy sitting on John’s lap. She had been let run at the park after all, courtesy of Aunt Molls. Mrs. Hudson peeped at them, cautious about being clocked by sleepy little eyes, but drawn in all the same.
She smiled to herself. Her sister's hints that she should feed some hungers not sated by bread and soup had grown less subtle as he recovered. He had looked like a whipped dog at first: ashen, unkempt, broken. But the blush of health revealed star bright eyes and lean, lanky strength, and her own thoughts had inched in that direction. Until she saw a look in those eyes she’d seen in her own mirror. When her beloved Grigore had taken his final turn. She could bind his wounds, but this was not a free heart that she could help heal.
"Of course not, Mrs Hudson. He was I guess, a fellow junkie? Recovering drug addict. Had a criminal record from what it sounds like. I'm not quite sure if Sherlock and he met at rehab, or on the street. But either way, after Sherlock got back on his feet, he had a client who was looking to fill a position and Sherlock convinced him this fellow Peterson had related experience."
A small smile lit Sherlock’s face. His eyes closed and he breathed deep. She saw him eye the lounge, then shake his head as sorrow staked her claim once more. He turned and entered his own room.
You are inebriated. The guests have begun leaving, but there are still 42 members of the party who are not likely to depart for another three hours, John. And the majority of them are under 50 like yourself and Mary, so you have plenty of people to share in the festivities with. By my calculations, you'll be well engaged until at least 23:00 hours, after which you and Mary can begin the customary sex holiday you've been planning on celebrating.
He felt Sherlock's toes curl, still tucked beneath his leg. John shook his head slightly and contemplated walking out of the flat into the dark of the night. The warmth and the clutter suddenly closed in on him. His thoughts wheeled.
"You look to the director or the conductor to tell you if you should pause, and for how long, and when it is 'safe' to cross the tracks and start going again. That's when you play." He felt her thoughtful nod. Rosie nestled her head against his neck and he felt her body grow slack and relaxed. "Are you still awake, Bee?"
The song that Sherlock plays is called Win Ya Galub (Weep My Heart), a traditional Iraqi folk song which has been a major popular hit. For more performances of compositions and traditional music from Iraq, Iran, Istanbul and beyond, see these playlists:  (begins with Win Ya Galub)
disgust out with a mouthful of toothpaste. He piled on layers of armor against regret for the friendship his thoughtless desire had discarded, with each button fastened, and each brushstroke in his hair.
Sherlock ghosted into the room, efficiently lifting Watson up and away. Three paces saw him enter then leave once more. John's peace was undisturbed.
“Yes, I recall.” John smiled at the memory of ardent toasts at their recent celebration, and the ensuing taste of tart wine on lips and tongues. He studied Sherlock’s face, searching for a sign. “Has something changed?” Tension bloomed in John’s stomach.
The hours dwindling, Sherlock wondered if he should let it go for the night. Then he heard a sound from above. Closing his flatmate's laptop, he left open the page on urban apiaries he'd been browsing.  Quietly walking up the stairs he paused at the entrance to the Watsons' room, the door ajar as was their custom. A slice of warmer darkness crossed the floor intersecting with John's bed. Rosie's voice shuddered out from the deeper shadow. Sherlock lingered a moment, his eyes adjusting. He saw the curve of John's shoulder. The angle of his chin. A suggestion of softness where lay the silver gold of the sleeping man's hair.
"Of course! I hadn't considered it prior, but yes. Certainly. No, I'm wondering what it means to you. Is this your way of telling me I should be supporting you in something?"
But here he was, a few weeks after their first case together had been solved. The word 'Moriarty' still buzzing low in Sherlock's brain. And the gravity of what he had actually invited into the quiet solitude he'd so carefully crafted was sinking in. Sherlock lay, unsleeping in his bed. He watched the darkness deepen in anticipation of the day's usual cycle into dawn.
There was, apparently, no guidebook whatsoever provided on haunting. The last thing she wanted was for her presence to cause the unintentional gaslighting of the child.
Sherlock carried a very tired child on his back. He was refreshed from his nap earlier, though he'd sooner hug Mycroft than ever volunteer that fact. But he could never pretend to regret the inviting smile, stirring kiss, and quiet "hello, beautiful" that had greeted his awakening.
Martha made a valiant attempt to not beam at the man. The bloom of crimson that took the place of the pleasant pink flush on John's cheeks and neck told her she'd likely not quite succeeded. "Oh. A quiet night together. The two of you."
There was something about her he could not name that seemed out of place. He had Mycroft continuing to dig. But his own judgement was that despite any secrets she may hide, her love for John was true. Whatever was necessary and possible to protect his friend, he would take those steps. Even from his own sadness and regret. John had suffered far more than his share. He deserved this happiness.
"I can't say I mind at all, but Watson--" The detective tightened hands where they lay on John's shoulder and arse cheek despite his words as John dipped below the neckline and undid an additional button. Sherlock groaned as John wedded hip to groin, and John's mouth enveloped his newly exposed nipple. "John, this is torture."
"Shhhh... love, it's fine." John stepped inside closing the door behind him. He came close to the bed. Sherlock could now see a faint glow in one of his hands. The baby monitor.
Sherlock nodded towards his partner. "If you do choose to, you should ask your Dada. He's the expert here."
In a familiar gesture Sherlock had witnessed many times that evening, Lasho enveloped the back of his neck with his hand and pulled the detective into a hug. Squashing down a panic response that could have killed the kind musician, Sherlock forced himself to relax into the embrace.
They were well on their way back to Baker Street by the time the call for evening prayer did ring out at the Mosque, but John had to admit that his daughter had been right. He carried their now-empty basket, and other bags.
"Yes, John do keep up." That was the Sherlock John knew. "You're absolutely exhausted. You look terrible."
Will's mother, Violet, knows that something disturbed her child about the class he attended. Though the account from Sigur seems innocent enough. Will of course put his foot in his mouth with the other students, but she suspects his skin was going to thicken fast given his propensity for such miscalculations. She really does wish he would just listen to her and her husband about being circumspect with feelings of contempt. Mycroft is so good at it, she couldn't understand why her youngest had to blurt out whatever he was thinking. Blending was a talent he does not have, apparently. Not yet anyway.
John placed his hand under Sherlock's arm, between back and couch. Sherlock touched John's neck, his fingers fluttering down then clutching. John rested his other hand lightly on Sherlock's cheek. Thumb stroking chin as John clung to Sherlock's gaze. The detective's free hand came to rest on John's chest. Faces grew nearer, jaws relaxed and lips opened. John closed his eyes, homing to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's eyes remained open. Taking in each singular shade, each glimmering hair, each vulnerable line. Only closing when their lips touched. His fingers rose and gripped John's shirt, pulling him closer. His lips applied more pressure, then opened. Welcoming the traveler home at last.
The sounds of battle answered him. Gunfire bursts. Cries. He peered through a break in his cover, trying to locate the pinned down members of his unit. His ears strained to hear the thrum of helicopter rotors in the distance, but there was nothing. His heart sped up. He readied himself to break from his location to find cover closer to the conflict.
Suddenly John was exhausted. His shoulders slumped. He closed his eyes and ran his hand over his face. "Not acceptable." He shook his head and looked up again. He thought he nearly caught another of those looks but he was too confused to be sure. He shook his index finger beneath Sherlock's nose. "I'm too tired now to yell at you properly. But we are having words. Later."
“Any of them may sing. Some who play an instrument, may not sing. Your Aunt Molly’s voice is regrettably deplorable.”
He appreciated how great a concession this was. John was painfully aware of each moment of contact with his best friend, physical or emotional, and the reluctance that accompanied. It was less pronounced since Sherlock's return, and had shifted even more with his growing bond with Watson, as he invariably called John's daughter.
"You think so? We know it's likely not a serious interest, but it had seemed that he'd shown a little promise."
They sat in quiet together. Rosie finished her bottle. John set it aside. She waved her hands and cast her head about, beginning to fuss.
John gasped and half-collapsed on Sherlock's chest. "Ahh-- I guess, I was thinking of it more as hopeful." He gulped a breath and Sherlock changed his grip, "Positive thinking..."
Practicality was cure to the poison that flooded his mind when it roamed free. What was of need this moment, what would Rosie want for tomorrow -- those had become his mantras. His own todays would take care of themselves. And yesterday was not to be considered. Not yet.
It was harder and harder as the weeks wore on not to slip near and enclose that warm heart in his arms. To touch his lips to John's. To sigh into his neck.
"It's all right, Dada," said Rosie. "Papa is helping me to be stronger." Sherlock nodded. John looked at both of them, confused. Then his brow cleared. He put his arm around Rosie, and reached out to his husband.
John watched Sherlock move about the flat, a smile on his face. "Uncle. That's nice. Isn't it, Rosie?" he said conversationally to his daughter.
"Geniuses can be idiots sometimes, too." Sherlock gave him a sharp look, his eyes narrowed in defense and surprise. John shook his head. "Not you." He gave a rueful grin, eyes following the curve formed where the slender calf met the long, graceful foot beneath his hand. "I mean, 'Mycroft' and 'Sherlock?' What on earth would they have done with a girl?"
"I'm not sure I'm ready to move on yet." John captured Sherlock's lips again with his and gave a long leisurely wordless argument against whatever it was Sherlock was about to do. The detective's body found this argument quite convincing, and he pulled John close once more. He gave a guttural sigh as John's hand threaded into dark curls. Sherlock devoured, his tongue invading and enticing in turn.
"Oh God. Mrs Hudson, please don't let him. I mean it's fine if he guesses I want to take him out that night, but if he doesn't. If this isn't what he wants--" He looked at her in an agony of fear. "Maybe this is the wrong idea."
“That’s right! I’m glad to have your quick young mind to remind me. Old ones sometimes forget these things.”
Arabic Maquamat - an improvisational style of composition working from the basis of a series of scales or maqam. Further discussion can be found here:
A shrug. "Well, his brother showed more focused direction by now, it's true. Not like he has to pick out his university and profession tomorrow, but if he wants to make a mark on the world, there's no time too early to start. He's got potential to achieve great things. But this? We don't want it to side track him. Some of these students have been exposed to violin since before they were born, correct? He can't hope to compete with that."
caught between heartache with wonder at the chance he'd had to comfort John from waking nightmare, to plunging into despair at the prospect of never seeing his sleep heavy eyes sharpen with desire. How he rolled back over, weighed down with bitterness and contrition. Seeking the annihilation of sleep, his thoughts tangling with bittersweet gratitude and excruciating hope that he might yet be forgiven.
Rosie was peering closely at the first reference sheet. Her small shoulders were tense. She mouthed words silently to herself. The man beside her watched patiently, his forehead starting to furrow in worried lines.
Sherlock put up with this liberty, and John felt a slight pressure returned. Sherlock's arms around him. He blanked his mind and soaked it in until young Watson broke the moment. She made a snuffling sound that was the typical start to her wake-up routine.
From the moment he'd learned John was to wed Mary, he'd taken the bull by the horns and leaned fully into supporting the process. Even as Mary had embraced Sherlock wholeheartedly in turn. They saw in each other an equal for John's love. The price of keeping him was accepting the other. A wordless bargain was struck.
John whistled, then hummed in pleasure as Sherlock closed the distance between them and pulled him close with an arm wrapped around his shoulders.
"What? Sounds serious." He sat down on his chair again. Cozied his feet up to the glowing embers of the coals in the fireplace.
Sherlock brought his face close to John's. "Very confident weren't we?" His hand moved, beginning long slow strokes.
"Exactly, John. I think I spoke more truthfully than I intended when I told you I was married to my work."
South Indian Raga - A raga is a system of musical performance and composition that is used to build a melody intended to create a particular emotional mood. Each raga is organized around a group of notes or scale. There are 72 central ragas part of the South Indian or Carnatic musical tradition.  Further discussion can be found here:
"Oh, don't bother, she's close to done with them. This was fine for all my sister in-law's children, and it's been just fine for young Rosie. No need to change at this late date."
"Well, John, I have to say I'm thrilled for you! I'm so happy. I've been waiting so long for this--"
Well, that went about as well as it could have been expected to. In other words, a royal cock up of a perfectly good friendship. Poor girl. Probably for the best, really. Her gaydar needs adjusting.
Sherlock came down first, as was his habit. He seemed to know before he even came close to her body.
Sherlock opened CCTV stills from outside the Baker Street flat. In one Mrs Hudson sweeps the walk. Another shows John sitting at a table in front of Speedy's with an attractive woman his age. (
Sherlock rose from bed and mechanically went about his morning routine in the dove grey twilight of dawn. He tried to rinse the taste of his own self
John reached the stranded child first, staggering through the thigh-high water. His arms wheeled as he stopped his forward momentum. He felt Sherlock’s hands on his shoulders, stabilizing him. The child whined in fear, holding their hurt hand to their chest. Encircled now entirely by the glowing beings.
She stepped through, and pulled the door closed behind her. She put her hands on the knob and held. She heard raised voices from the room beyond. She started chuckling and had to concentrate to keep holding on as giddiness overtook her. Good thing as the door handle almost turned in her hold. But she willed her ghostly grip to stay firm and it held. They could not open the door.
It was cozy on the couch. When Sherlock wasn't hogging it. Telly nights were a moment John got to take up his duly allotted space.
"Watson, may I tell you a story about pauses?" Sherlock felt her nod into his neck. "There's one you'll learn that your Dada would like. It's called the train tracks."
"Someone had to." She curled her hand around his and felt it clasp hers in return. "Though I have to say I despaired when you let him marry her." His grip tightened. "I dredged up every last cliche about people moving on when they marry, trying to get through your thick head to tell you how much you were letting go." His face softened with remembered grief. "Oh, Sherlock. You've made your own life as hard or harder than his. And given it up even. You can't keep breaking yourself to try and save the people you love. Try just letting them love you for a change? Maybe?"
It lingered in John's mind as he gathered their things in the low light. A candidate for perfect moments. Rosie happy, in her element. Finding old friends and making new acquaintances in a large group of children hopping from swing to slide. The timber fort, a series of wooden platforms and walkways, became frigate and brig in battles that left their Rosie flushed and excitably full of stories of derring do by her and her crew.
we've spent so long apart, Sherlock. i you have to come back now and enjoy this n ight with us. i need you here sherlock.
John hugged more tightly the blanket he’d been bundled into. The chill of the night and the post adrenal drop brought back a throbbing to his shoulder, worse than he’d felt in many a month. Sherlock, by his side, tried to reject his own blanket a third time, only to have it replaced yet again by Mrs Hudson’s loving, insistent hands. But at John’s shudder, diamond bright eyes took in the hunched look of his beloved’s frame. Sherlock shifted closer to John, unfolding his blanket to drape around both their shoulders. John leaned into the warmth of his lover’s body. A deep sigh settled out much of the stress that had been seeping into him unnoticed.
Sherlock grinned, watching their child direct his husband as he yet again ran against the wind to try and race the wheeling kite aloft. The gusting wind dropped suddenly and broad brown and purple wings tipped tail over tea kettle. Sherlock winced as the dragon's maw whacked John in the head. He half rose to run over and assess the damage, but remembered their explicit bargain about this particular activity. With a deep sigh, he settled back down.
John moved away, grimacing in embarrassment, an apology on his lips. But another surprise, Sherlock shook his head dismissively, and lay his hand on John's shoulder. It lingered there several heartbeats after they separated. A whole 'nother round of emotion swelled within John. He shook himself and smiled. Attempted to get a hold of his rampant feelings.
"I am so very sorry. That is hurtful, and not at all what I intended. You can be proud of what you've accomplished. Of course it doesn't always go right. You are learning. No one expects you to be perfect."
Rousing himself, John pulled on pajamas and his own soft, worn robe.  He as often as not wore one of Sherlock’s delightful silky ones. In an unguarded moment Sherlock had confessed that the swish of the too-long silk against John’s ankles was an incredible turn on. But John loved his old flannel robe, too. As much for its well-loved, cozy comfort as its tattered unkempt appearance. It riled his ever so posh detective into making passive aggressive suggestions about burning the robe and making John visit Harrod's with him. Tugging the belt tight, John reflected that he won out either way. Whether egging his detective into fashion frustration or eliciting sidelong glances at his ankles, the joy of teasing the brilliant, aggravating, soul-consuming, covertly kind man who now shared his life was never-ending.
A clatter arises. To Will it seems that every voice shouts in his ear at once. He stands motionless, a bit shell-shocked at the anger thrown his way a few moments earlier which is still dispersing. His hands hang at his sides and students shove past him. Several hard stares come his way. An older youth steers a sniffling smaller child to the arms of an adult.
Sherlock reached, arching his back and stretching his arms to their utmost, out to the youngster. Close enough now to discern details, they recognized the postmaster’s eldest daughter. Her blue-dyed hair cropped close, a single gold stud in her ear reflecting the unearthly light of the jellies. She sobbed quietly, but reached to them with her good arm. A cry pealed out from her again as she stepped into another of the floating creatures.
After a few minutes, Rosie's eyes became leaden. Her body grew slack in John's hands. Sherlock continued to play. The child closed her eyes with a sigh.
With that same glow in his eyes, he looked up at Mrs Hudson. "I have some plans I could use your help with."
] with both clefs. It had examples of each type of musical notation and a table below showing the relative lengths of notes and pauses. A second sheet beside it summarized a variety of time signatures. Those most common and some not so very.
But the worst part was that John believed every word. He had full confidence that they would continue on as before. That nothing indeed had been changed by a few heartfelt words, some rings and names exchanged. But John of course was in the dark. He had no idea how Sherlock's heart was breaking. And this was just exactly as the detective wished. Any moment he'd observed inquisitiveness or doubt from John, he'd redoubled his efforts to convince him. Falling into the role of Best Man, of conveyor, of instigator for the wedded bliss as he could. The ultimate disguise. John was always taken in so easily by them. This time was no different. It was utterly different, of course. The end of times.
His head drooped over the steering wheel. He'd already squandered the lead he'd hoped to gain on this latest change. He owed it to Rosie to establish some order. At the minimum, to finally get close to caught up on laundry. His emotional state had tanked after the further revelations about Mary and the tense, explosive situation leading to her departure. His privilege, his problem.
Will slides his violin out from beneath his chin, folds it with the bow into the crook of his left arm, and reaches out to put his right hand on the teacher's shoulder. He nods.
John closed the boot on the hire car. A strong wind shook green and golden leaves on this crisp Saturday morning in September. He took a last look at the building where he'd begun and ended his married life such a short time ago. His heart felt numb and thick.
He crushed his cool flatmate in a hug (as much as he could with a sleeping child snuggled in a carrier between them). A watery-eyed embrace that lasted far longer than he could imagine the impassive detective being comfortable.
"I hear Claridge's has some lovely fowl. Perhaps we can add the dinner to your tab?" she said unperturbed. "I'm not going to give over his secrets. Come tell me yours and then go put that beautiful child to bed."
As he walked home after dinner with Mrs. Hudson, the pulse of each step tempted him to take the turn to John's sturdy little house. To climb up his steps, to beat on his door, to beg him to listen. To lay his head on the man's lap and tell him how he'd missed hearing the sound of his breath. Tell him how he couldn't himself breathe thinking he might never see John's eyes light up again with mischievous glee. How he woke most nights gripping the sheets
Martha looked at him with a greedily delighted look on her face. "John, you can't be telling me that the great Sherlock Holmes is going on a wild goose chase?"
"Addicted to dopamine?" Sherlock answered with a nod. John continued, wondering, "So where do I fit in?"
Suddenly John had to speak. Urgently. He raised himself on an elbow, ignoring twinges of pain, and peered over at Sherlock.
Sherlock closed his eyes as brutal weight sloughed off his back. His arm hung still, but on reopening, the light in his eyes caressed. A small smile warmed his mouth. He shook his head gently, gesturing towards the living room.
Sherlock, I know you didn't want to be my best man. I don't understand at all why you didn't get that of course I would want that.
“How was she, John?” Kate sidled up to Molly, taking her arm. The slim brunette snuggled closer to the red-haired woman.
Once it was gone, Sherlock bent to unbutton the sky blue shirt that had been revealed. It was one of Sherlock's favorites, the color matching John's eye color nicely. Then he realized what he was assuming and looked up at him. "Is this alright?" Those blue eyes were dark and intent. Irises large, face laden with heat.
She never understood how both Sherlock and Mycroft had missed who Mary really was. Although, Sherlock was so blinded by his feelings, wanting desperately to not want more from John, she could see him making the oversight. But what's the point of being an overwhelmingly over-protective mastermind of the former British empire if you can't even protect your brother and the person he cares most about from a ruddy assassin taking up residence in their very home? Mary had been in the same house with their parents even!
“She obviously possesses above average intelligence.” Sherlock lays her down and pulls the blanket over her. Rosie barely stirs.
is missing, only bothers him in the dead of night. It presses against his sternum like a lead weight and the walls of his dirty little flat feel like they are closing in on him.
His tongue snaked out to lick across Sherlock’s hole. The moan Sherlock let out echoed against Notre-Dame’s stone walls.
John had to unclench his jaw to speak. “Are we just friends? Friends that have fallen into bed with each other, oh, four times now, or are we something else?”
“What about the Feast of Fools do I have a weakness for? It represents many things to many people.” John spread his feet a bit apart, shifted his weight as if a fight were about to break out.
“Please, Captain, I want to come on your cock. I want to feel you make me come. Fill me and put me in my place.”
Instead of going home and going to bed, John walks directly to an Army recruitment office and signs up. They are very eager to get their hands on a fully trained doctor. He doesn’t go back to Barts. Not to say goodbye and not to see Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock launched himself at John’s half undone flies. His mouth met the tempting strip of skin just above John’s waistband where his shirt had ridden up, where it always rides up. He pressed hot, wet lips and tongue there until his shaking hands pulled John’s cock free.
The cathedral was empty and it was easy to slide between a stone column and a statue of the Holy Mother. He pushed on a wooden door that blended in so finely with the stone walls, it would have been hard to spot if he didn’t know exactly what he was looking for. If he hadn’t done this dozens of times over the years.
Sherlock doesn’t want someone who would stay with him out of obligation or some biological imperative. He doesn’t want anyone. He truly is better off alone. Sherlock takes two deep, steadying breaths. His head is pounding and he feels like he could fall asleep at any moment. He makes himself breath again, smoothing his hands over the starched white sheets.
Sherlock blocked out the splashing and the groaning, along with the unimaginative composition back on his music stand in Baker Street. His mind played over Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto in D major instead. Something technically interesting but that he had mastered long ago. It was as relaxing to his mind as the water was to his body. His fingers tapped out the fingerings against the side of the pool.
Sherlock snatches a single page of the sheet music from where it teeters, perched on the edge of the coffee table. “This is insipid. It lacks any originality. A child could play this. A stupid child.”
This is better. It feels lasting. If John is moved to kiss him, to kiss him for the first time, when nothing more than an uncomfortable nap had passed between them, imagine the passion that affection would turn into in more heated moments.
“Oh, thank you.” Sherlock blinks at him in genuine confusion, but it only lasts for a split second before he’s striding toward John. It’s as if he’s unaccustomed to people offering him things, giving him consideration. The very core of John is aching to give him everything and Sherlock is confused by the gesture of a lent phone.
Learning his new piece wasn’t causing Sherlock’s muscles to knot and twist, but the strain of not bashing his head into the wall certainly was. He sunk down into the pool until warmth lapped at his chin. Soaking in the warm pool allowed the body to acclimate to hotter temperatures before entering the sauna. It also allowed an up close and personal view of those that prefered to fuck in water instead of steam.
Auditions did not occupy his mind; they bored him. Lestrade’s orchestra was third rate at best and barely paid its musicians a living wage. They attracted the talent one would expect with that reputation. Unless Lestrade found a talented junkie, like Sherlock, or a moderately-talented but self-conscious musician, like Molly, auditions were likely to be excruciating.
John smiles back at him. “Knew you’d get there eventually. I thought we might go to Angelo’s, you can deduce passersby to impress me, then we can come home and watch a movie.”  John steps closer, around the dead pig on the table, to stand just in front of Sherlock. His voice pitches lower. “And then we can go to bed, without any little ears listening in.”
He was never sure if the sound of John screaming actually reached him as he fell, but he heard it all the same. Maybe John would know that Sherlock took this leap for him.
“The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is two-two-one B Baker Street.” He holds John’s gaze for a split second until John gives a slight nod. “Afternoon,” Sherlock directs to Mike before slipping out the door.
Victor invites Sherlock to parties, laughs but doesn’t mock when Sherlock sputters on his first shot of tequila, has Sherlock over for quiet dinners at his apartment, and Sherlock has never been treated so well by a peer in his life. He’s not quite sure what’s going on, if Victor’s interest is romantic or not. He’s so happy to finally have a friend that Sherlock tells himself that the uptick in his pulse when Victor is near is irrelevant. And that the empty space he feels in his chest when he’s not with Victor is a figment of his imagination.
‘John’ stiffens for a split second but his hand doesn’t move. “I thought you said there was no talking?” His voice is close to Sherlock’s ear and Sherlock stretches his neck into it.
John’s tongue traces a swirled pattern on the back of Sherlock’s shoulder. He nips the skin there again and pulls sharply back on Sherlock’s hip. John’s cock bluntly pushes at the curve of Sherlock’s ass and Sherlock lets himself be heard this time. John moans back at him in some sort of sensual call and response that he suddenly wants to become fluent in.
Their walk to the doctor’s lounge is silent, and they stay silent until Stamford presses a dingy mug of tea into John’s hand.
“I didn’t know. I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Bart’s, so Army doctor. Obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp’s really bad when you walk but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the wound were traumatic. Wounded in action, suntan, Afghanistan or Iraq.” Sherlock feels wrung out. This is everything he knows about the man who is supposed to be his nearest and dearest, his other half or extension of himself or some other nonsense, and he’s rattled it out in under 10 seconds in one great gush of breath. This is pointless. This will never work.
Sherlock laughs. It reverberates from deep within his chest until it rumbles free from his throat. It feels like the first genuine laugh he’s had in ages. John matches him with glittering eyes and that same slow smirk he wore at the baths.
His arms were outstretched when he stepped off the edge and he didn’t feel afraid. Not until he lost sight of John. Those scant seconds when Sherlock could no longer see John, face twisted in sorrow and rage, but before he hit the airbag and the plan carried on were the most terrifying of his life. He was adrift with no one to anchor him. Then that panic passed and everything was a rush of well-timed, frantic movement.
“Shit.” John scrambles to tug his scrubs into place and barrels out of the locker room after Stamford. He didn’t even manage to properly put his bag away; his trousers are in a puddle on the floor as if he’d just stepped out of them after a night of heavy drinking. But that’s what John likes about the A&E: it can be completely calm and boring one minute and in total upheaval the next. It keeps him on the edge of his seat.
John must feel the same because he makes no move to change their position and they’ve gotten quite good at kissing in the last few weeks. But always in the light, in the noise of the flat, and with their clothes on. Sherlock might prefer it this way though.
The subtle crunch of gravel under the saloon car’s tyres shakes Sherlock from his thoughts. They’ve arrived at Montague Street and Sherlock pulls himself from the car without a look or word to Mycroft sitting next to him.
His palm came to rest against John’s erection and but he did not move or squeeze or do anything to relieve the ache there.
John goes stiff against Sherlock’s body and his cock twitches before he comes. John shoots come across Sherlock’s belly before he grabs Sherlock by the wrist. Sherlock stops moving and the last bits of John’s release leaks across his fingers. He wants to taste it, to rub it into his skin, but mostly he wants to mark John in the same way that he now feels marked.
On nights like that, Sherlock escapes to the roof. He’s can pull himself out of his sitting room window, shimmy up a drainpipe past his upstairs neighbor’s window, and hoist himself up onto the roof in just under four minutes. With nothing but the sky above him, it feels bearable. He can’t suffocate in his own misery if the stars are overhead. Not that he can see many of them in London, but he knows they’re there.
Oh, that is interesting. Terribly interesting. Sherlock is already adding facts about the location and the presence of a note to what he’s memorized about the other victims based on newspaper articles and what he was able to hack from the Met’s database system.
John pulls back, still slowly, and Sherlock cranes his neck forward to chase him. He manages two quick pecks before John dips his head and takes his swollen lips out of Sherlock’s reach. He rests his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder. He’s contemplating the best way to use his chin as leverage against John’s forehead to force him to lift his face when he hears John’s soft murmur.
Both John and Rosie stare back at him with dark blue gazes full of feeling. Sherlock nods and his feet hit the stairs as he swallows around the rising lump in his throat.
The voice sounded closer than it had the first time, but John still couldn’t see its owner. He took a shuffling step forward in the darkness, toward where he thought the man must stand.
John stops in front of him, just a foot away and just a shade too close for friendly company. His knuckles turn white on the handle of his clarinet cases.
Sherlock shrugs. Now that he’s initiated this conversation, it feels too intimate, too close. “When I woke up, my colours had returned.” He tries to make it sound nonchalant but the arch of Mycroft’s eyebrows tell him he did not succeed.
“Why didn’t you tell me the spots on the floor were a mix of red and brown?” John had been genuinely surprised to realize he could see the difference in the two shades now but he really just need another topic of conversation, anything except the figure in the bed.
That is absolutely not what Sherlock wants. But the gentle nudge John gives his hip has him rolling over with only a grumbled complaint.
“Yes, and I can read your military career in your face and your leg, your brother’s drinking habits in your mobile phone, and the status of your colours in the way you look at my eyes,” Sherlock bites back.
life, he thinks, when a bullet tears through his shoulder. Shot from behind while trying to put an American sergeant’s guts back in his skin.
“No.” That pity burns like bile at the back of Sherlock’s throat. “I’m glad to be rid of him. I don’t need a soulmate hanging around, expecting things of me. I am much better off on my own.”
“It is rare, but in the case of strong bonds, colour vision can be lost upon the death of one of the soulmates. It is very disorienting, and very painful.” There’s no smugness nor pity in Mycroft’s voice. Only a recitation of the facts.
He lets that truth sit between them for long minutes. John goes quiet again, but his breathing doesn’t deepen. Sherlock wonders if he’s staring at the wall the same way Sherlock’s staring at the back of his head.
They sit quietly for a few moments and Sherlock finds ‘John’s’ presence infinitely less boring than being alone. But quiet contemplating, even with excellent company, isn’t what he came here for.
Sherlock knows when someone is trying to go unnoticed. When they are watching someone while hoping not to be seen. He stretches his arms out along the edge of the pool behind his shoulders, letting his pale biceps turn toward his stranger. He keeps his eyes half closed and watches the man glance back and forth between the amorous couple, across the pool at the other men, and then to him. Sherlock lets him suffer, stealing glances and never fully relaxing on the cement step, for long minutes.
John straightened at that. Sherlock’s feigned ignorance had made him angry. Good. Anger was an emotion they were both familiar with, both comfortable with. John’s fists clenched at his sides, his thumbs rubbing dangerous lines along his index finger.
The detective’s brow creases. He’s about to contradict Sherlock. Something is not quite right about the deduction. Sherlock just needs to push it a bit farther, to see beyond the obvious. He rakes a quick glance over the man’s clothes and shoes again.
and Sherlock sit up out of his lap. He wipes down with the towel that long ago fell the floor and is already standing when ‘John’ speaks again.
John rolls off and Sherlock huffs at the loss of that pleasant weight. Next thing he knows John is rolling him over, which is shockingly easy since it appears Sherlock was taking up the entire middle of the bed. He screws his eyes shut in protest and lets his arms swing wide.
That’s when Sherlock sees it. Possibilities laid out in front of him, now that he has full use of his senses.
But there’s also a slight hitch in Sherlock’s shoulders when Mike says John’s name. It’s tiny, so tiny John would have missed it entirely if he didn’t feel completely in sync with Sherlock’s being. But Sherlock couldn’t have known his name. Could he? Did he find out after John fled from his bedside?
It’s at that last second, when John thinks he’s about to lose him again and simultaneously hopes that Sherlock will walk through that door without looking back, that Sherlock does look back.
“Maybe it just needed more time. Time to heal.” John’s voice is quiet. He drags his fingertips down to Sherlock’s knee, then back up again.
Sherlock bent a bit more, flattening his back so he could push against John more firmly. It also gave John a better view of the city.
John pushed in and stopped just short of hitting the back of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock closed his eyes and relaxed as John fucked his mouth. He curled one hand around John’s denim-clad thigh and pressed the flat of his other hand against his own erection. John thrust deep, using both his own hips and his grip on Sherlock’s hair to bring them together. The rough edges of John’s open flies dragged across Sherlock’s cheeks and Sherlock’s cock throbbed.
“She’s hot.” He knows it’s a stupid thing to say. John knows she’s hot. He’s been walking her around the flat for hours.
Sherlock is quick to shimmy out of his boxer briefs, flailing a bit as he kicks them away. John similarly gets himself out of his own pants and Sherlock is briefly irritated that he didn’t get to peel them off John himself.
“We’ve gone slowly enough.” He pumps his hips, letting his body do what it has wanted to do since he and John took of their clothes together and got into bed.
“Oh, no. I ensured it.” Sherlock can’t help but grin at the disbelief and admiration he sees in John’s eyes. And could it always be this easy between them? What might they have had already if John had stayed?
John hit him chest to chest, ungracefully, and they stumbled back onto the sofa. Sherlock threw an arm out, by reflex, to catch himself but only ended up hitting his elbow painfully against the wood frame of the sofa through a lumpy cushion. He landed sprawled out with John on top of him. John’s kisses were rough, biting, but Sherlock wanted it like that. He pushed back with all that he had and John met him equally.
John doesn’t lack for interested company through his adolescence. As soon as the girls in his year start losing their colours, they seek him out despite parental warnings that finding your soulmate is something intimate and precious. It is not to be rushed, and only to be undertaken when a person is ready. Some just want to hold his hand to see if their colours come back, but it never works. John’s heard of, and even seen once, childhood friends who lose their colours but immediately get them back in their own private explosion of light just behind their eyelids the next time they innocently brush bared arms with their best friend.
He stepped to the balustrade to look over the heads of gargoyles and angels to the people below. They resembled nothing more than teeming, brightly colored dots from this height.
him out there. It’s not comforting and, most of the time, it’s not something to be maudlin over either. The man’s absence allows Sherlock to pursue the life he wants, to build something for himself. It’s what he’s always wanted and he’ll protect it fiercely.
Mycroft lets that sentimentality pass without comment, which is almost more annoying because it gives Sherlock nothing to strike back at.
It’s disorienting that when it all comes bubbling to the surface it’s in the middle of the morning and he’s in front of Lestrade’s team at a crime scene.
Sherlock’s room is a bit singed but, structurally, it fared much better than the sitting room. There’s a hole in the wall near the door and the windows were blown out, but otherwise the damage was minimal. A camping lantern casts an eerie glow around the room. The holes where the windows used to be are boarded over, blocking all light from the street, and Sherlock hasn’t had a chance to have an electrician in to replace the light fixtures yet.
Sherlock didn’t realize it until he’d said it, but it’s definitely a “he”. Sherlock can feel it in his gut and in his heart as true as the laws of physics. He musters as much dignity as he can. “Just a feeling.” He can’t help but snort as he says it.
He gives John until the count of ten in his mind to regain his composure before Sherlock thrusts his hips to remind John of what he should be doing. His grip had slackened over the past few minutes, which was fine, Sherlock had other things to concentrate on then anyway. He tightens his fist again reflexively when Sherlock moves his cock between them.
Mycroft sits gingerly, perching on the edge of a plastic chair by Sherlock’s bedside. “So, when did you become able to differentiate between burgundy and oxblood?”
He loved the army. Loved serving king and country, but there was something different about a city as majestic as Paris being turned over to the riff raff, even for just a short time. Power and impunity flowed from the mansions to the streets and the rich hid themselves away while the poor crowned their own temporary king.
This irritating blissful domestic life they’ve settled into scratches an itch Sherlock didn’t realize he had. It’s a solid base, a type of security he had always shied away from, and the danger they face makes the quiet moments with John and Rosie all the sweeter. It’s given him a purpose outside himself.
“Sherlock, please.” There’s some comfort in the structure of formalities, some safety there. Sherlock doesn’t offer his hand to shake, however. Touching flesh to flesh is definitely not safe for the two of them.
“I need to go.” His voice is breathless and raspy and Donovan looks like she’s going to interrupt him. “I need to go home.”
Sherlock leans in and John tilts up to meet him with no hesitation. Sherlock keeps his hands hanging limply at his sides and keeps his kiss chaste. Just a dry press of lips to lips. A promise, not an escalation.
It’s still lonely - not the kind of loneliness John was expecting either. He has friends, he likes his work (when he actually gets to do doctoring beyond yelling at 18 year old kids about sunscreen), and he doesn’t miss London. He just misses someone in London. Someone he’s never even spoken to.
Perhaps relative sexual experience wasn’t the right variable to use. It’s not as if Sherlock has no sexual experience. There was Irene, but that was more like an experiment between two curious parties. There was something detached about it, even if Sherlock did gain knowledge there that makes him feel more confident in bed with John.
They had hoped that when John regained full use of his leg, that when the final lasting traumas of his time at war and being sent home before he was truly ready had faded, that the ashen spot in Sherlock’s vision would also fade. It hadn’t.
It’s darker up here and the steam hangs around their heads. Sherlock insinuates himself next to the man. ‘John’ is taking up the corner, his shoulders each resting on a different wall. Sherlock’s hip presses against ‘John’s’ thigh.
Sherlock did not want to know, absolutely did not want to know, why Mycroft had any reason to suspect anything about his bond to his absent soulmate. His desire not to know anything else about his soulmate is less than absolute. It stings, like rubbing alcohol on a wound, that he could know, that he could have known all along, but it will do him no good. Knowledge will do nothing for him here.
John nods and Sherlock watches his Adam’s apple bob in his throat. “Okay, good. That’s good. Why don’t you touch yourself and I’ll touch myself and we’ll do this together then?”
He rolls his eyes and tries to tug his wrist out of John’s grasp. John holds firm but gently rubs the pad of his thumb across the thin, soft skin just below Sherlock’s carpal bones.
John laid his head against Sherlock’s sweaty back to rest. He was panting and his vision had gone black around the edges. Sherlock’s head rested against the balustrade and he too breathed heavily in the cold air.
“We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting. I don’t even know-” John cuts himself off before that lie. He does know his name. He’s known it for years, thought about it daily. It niggles at him constantly, like a scab beneath his clothes.
Sherlock scoffs. He can’t help it. The idea of him longing for someone, soulmate or not, is ludicrous. He’s only ever had one real friend and though Victor’s eventual abandonment stung, Sherlock barely thinks of it now. He’s practically deleted it. Mycroft is exaggerating, being sentimental, which is entirely unlike him. His scoff only seems to anger Mycroft more.
He’s just coming in for the 7 pm to 7 am shift at Bart’s A&E and the cheeky nurses he’d like to be flirting with are just leaving. John’s never had much luck at timing.
John’s world is all reds and golds. Muted, of course, since he is still a child, but scarlet and yellows and browns dominate what he can see. All children see some colours, washed out or dulled compared to how their parents view the world. His mum says he can see the warm, comforting colours of autumn because of his big heart. All parents tell their children things like that: reds mean you feel strong emotion like love or anger, greens that you connect with nature and animals, blues that you’re smart but aloof or shy, oranges that you’re full of energy and life. John believes it when his mum tells him how much he can love.
John kissed him again. This time it was long and slow and full of all the love and loneliness John had stored up over the past year on the move with the king’s army.
“How is it gone? It’s been years.” John looks as shocked as Sherlock feels. “Nothing’s different about me.”
Sherlock looks back to John’s phone and the feeling is gone. For just a split second, John was sure Sherlock knew who he was. But that certainty is gone as quickly as it came upon him.
Now he does stop long enough to take his first deep breath since leaving the lab and to hail a cab. Mrs. Hudson said he could start moving his things into Baker Street while he looked for a flatmate. He’ll use the rest of the day to pack and move boxes. Maybe some manual labor will calm his thoughts.
John comes back with the cool compress and lays it against the back of her exposed neck. His hand keeps it there and his shoulder bumps against Sherlock’s arm. “She’ll have your pyjamas a mess in a minute.”
Sherlock leaves almost immediately. He rips his gloves off on the way home and throws them into the street. It doesn’t matter anymore. There’s no one for him so it doesn’t matter who he touches or who touches him. No one could ever match him, be made for him, or give him back what he’s lost. There’s no point in trying and no point in upholding pointless social niceties.
“Try like you’ve been trying? No luck, then brother? You thought you had a promising candidate and you waited, you waited weeks to touch and then nothing. You thought you could still make a go of it. What are soulmates in the face of tepid compatibility and shared goals? But she wasn’t interested. She left you.”
The sentimentality of his possessions weighs him down. This wouldn’t have been the case five years ago. Or maybe even three years ago.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s heart gives a traitorous kick of joy at John’s acceptance. “Yes, I think so. My thoughts precisely.” He spins around to take in what is one step closer to being their new home. Their first home. “So I want straight ahead and moved in.”
He’s fallen to his knees. The pain radiating from his kneecaps barely registers against the pain in his chest. He bends over and retches, pavement turning into bloody sand before his eyes again. His stomach continues to heave even though nothing comes up. He can feel the slide of phantom sweat down his spine but his skin is covered in gooseflesh and he shakes with sudden cold.
He keeps looking until ‘John’ closes his own fist over Sherlock’s erection. Sherlock’s hand falls away, his hips jump, and he bites back a moan. His eyes snap to ‘John’s’ and he finds the other man smiling. Not the fake, flirtatious so many other men employ while at the baths but something aggressive and far more genuine.
“We’ve only just met and we’re going to go and look at a flat?” It’s a lie but a tiny one. They didn’t really meet the day Sherlock changed his life forever and John ran as far away from him as he could.
Sherlock opens both eyes now. The runner has straddled his lover’s lap and is stroking both of them in one hand while they kiss. At least three other men in the darkened sauna are also having sex. The sound of skin against skin has a rhythm to it, where hips met and flesh smack together. Sweat drips from Sherlock’s soaked curls in counterpoint to the music of sex around him.
Saying it aloud forces the seed into full bloom in Sherlock’s mind. It’s vines wrap around his heart and squeeze.
The giggle that bubbles out of John’s mouth sounds panicked even to his own ears. He scrubs a hand across his face.
John’s breathe rasps in and out through his nose as he fights to stay calm. Surely, Sherlock knows. He has to know.
“I know enough.” John looks up and the expression on Stamford’s face is more confused and hurt than he’d imagined. “I know that I can’t risk my future, risk what I’ve worked for, just because my soulmate is a fucking moron.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Dinner? Dinner is boring.” He twirls, which is much harder to pull off while naked, and clears the risers two at time until he hits the floor. He doesn’t turn back and ‘John’ doesn’t follow him to the locker room or out of the bathhouse.
The man is compact, not overly muscular but toned, with sandy hair and wide hands. He’s nervous. Obviously new to the establishment, and maybe to bathhouses in general. He licks his lips nervously and glances from Sherlock stroking his own cock to a couple stretched out sucking each other off on the floor. Sherlock leaves his foot where it rest against the man’s ankle.
John’s shoes are off, so he’s been home for awhile and today is a day John would have picked Rosie up from school on his way home from the surgery at which he insists on maintaining the appearance of outside employment. Damn. Sherlock had missed his window to make the kitchen respectable.
Mycroft’s anger falls into resignation as he pinches the bridge of his nose. “Have it your way. You always do.” Mycroft stands, brushes at his trousers like this conversation has somehow dirtied him. “There’s a detective to see you. When he’s done taking your statement, the hospital will release you and you’ll be taken to an inpatient drug treatment facility.”
He watched his cock enter Sherlock over and over again until he had to look away to keep from coming.
He never wears the gloves again. He will wear a pair of thick, black leather gloves when the weather is cold but that is for his comfort and no one else’s. He often gets mistaken for someone who has already found their soulmate and Sherlock doesn’t bother to correct the false assumption. It’s easier that way.
Sherlock listens to Lestrade stand stock still for a full minute, give another dramatic sigh, and then move across the flat.  “First section rehearsal is in two weeks!” he calls back as he trots down the stairs.
John licked and sucked and thrust with his tongue until Sherlock was rocking back hard against John’s face. Then, he pulled back just enough to work a finger into Sherlock’s wet hole.
Instead, John slid to his knees and spread Sherlock’s cheeks. He ran his nose along the sensitive skin on either side of Sherlock’s crack, until Sherlock pressed back into John’s face.
“Hello,” Sherlock calls out as he pays the driver. John Watson seems a dangerous man to sneak up on, even when still using his cane.
The water makes small splashes that undoubtedly draw more attention to them. Sherlock doesn’t care. He is focused and dedicated in a way he hasn’t been in some time. The stranger’s gaze ignited something low in his gut on a direct line to his lips and his cock. It’s almost unheard of to find actual passion here.
They rutted and buttons popped and Sherlock’s neck felt rubbed raw by John’s stubble. They grappled for position, a competition Sherlock had no intention of or desire to win, but he liked making John fight for it. Sherlock was pushed down, down off the sofa, down until his knees smacked against the floor.
“Well, I did just get back.” ‘John’ tips his chin to the scar on his shoulder before rising and wrapping a towel around his waist. It would look ridiculous on any other man in the room, this unnecessary nod to propriety, but the white of the towel against the golden glow of his slick skin looks good. Very good. He startles Sherlock out of staring by speaking again. “We’ve broken the no talking rule. Why don’t we break the ‘don’t go to dinner with a casual shag’ rule too?”
The thought of him, whoever he is, being dead makes a sob well up in Sherlock’s throat. He traps it there and pushes it down with a wave of sarcasm. “So, only time will tell?”
Sherlock loses himself to the rhythm of it. To the melody of sucking a stranger’s cock in a crowded bath while other men watch. Strangely, he’s only vaguely aware of the other men in the water and those walking past the warm pool to the other amenities and dark nooks and crannies in the bath house. The world has narrowed down to just him, to just his work as he brings off the oddly compelling man who is out of his depth more figuratively than literally.
Sherlock pauses, an increasingly familiar shiver of anxiousness crawling up his spine. Many things that would have bothered him before are now fine. Things he never would have done are routine. But that means some things which were fine before are now laced with new meaning, with the possibility of all going wrong.
He smiles at them before ducking into the staff locker room. John’s barely got his scrub top over his head when Mike Stamford busts into the room.
He waits until John is out of the bedroom and he can hear the everyday domestic noises of the kitchen. Only then does he get out of bed, and stretch languorously in the late morning sun. The sun warms his skin and Sherlock feels as if he has all the time in the world. That it ticks by slowly and comfortably now that he has found John. John will wait for him to emerge from the bedroom. He waited for John, and John waited for him, so a little more time means nothing. The world is a collection of blues and reds and golds and greens, and Sherlock Holmes isn’t going to miss a single one.
“It really will seem better in the morning, John. I promise. It may not be what you expect, yeah? But you’ve found your soulmate.”
There’s a gasp and a jerk from young man. His eyes fly open. He’s still shaking, and there’s not recognition or sense behind those eyes, but they still stare out at John.
“You may do what you like to me until I say stop. But, you will fuck me here, in view of all Paris, and you will make me beg for it.”
John looks back to Sherlock, willing himself to see this for the disaster it could easily become. He needs a strategic retreat. He needs to show Sherlock how absolutely foolish this idea is, even without the complicating notion that they are soulmates. “Then who said anything about flatmates?”
Sherlock doesn’t let go. Instead, he fists the bed sheets tightly, as if he were hanging on to a ledge.
Instead of answering Sherlock’s question, John grabbed his shoulders and spun them around. He pinned Sherlock to the balustrade. “I want to fuck you.”
Mike plants his hands on the lab table in front of him and his smile finally fades. “I knew. And I know why you ran, John. Really, I understand it. But he’s not that man anymore. He’s… well, he’s extraordinary.”
John’s breathing settles. Sherlock listens to it grow deeper, more even. There’s something that has been niggling at the back of Sherlock’s mind since Eurus and Musgrave. It was a seed that, once germinated, could not be ignored.
“How do you know all that?” John sounds less disapproving and more genuinely curious. It soothes some of Sherlock’s ruffled feathers but his emotions are still to riotous to be trusted. Maybe they can never be trusted around this man.
Sherlock is mid-sentence, deducing the victim’s hair care routine, when the ever present ache in his chest explodes outward like a cannon ball.
“No. No, it’s fine.” John smiles and it’s a slow, steadily dawning sun across his face. Sherlock is completely pulled in. He steps to the mantel and attempts to tidy just to give his hands something to do other than reaching out to John.
He’d done the calculations. The airbag would catch him with minimal jarring. All he had to do was hit the target. It was thrilling really.
John’s mouth, on the other hand, is doing quite a lot. It’s searing kisses across Sherlock’s shoulders, up the side of his neck, all the way to the hinge of his jaw and the shell of his ear. John starts slow but those kisses quickly escalate until Sherlock is panting and pressing his back and ass tight against John’s body.
Sherlock shook his head and his curls caught in the breeze. John wanted to grab them and hold Sherlock’s head in place while he fucked his throat.
That cold, hard smile that Sherlock relishes spread across John’s face. “Is that a question or a statement, Sherlock, because I really don’t know.”
He doesn’t know enough to put a visible clock in the kitchen though. He eyes his phone, considers the state of his hands, and bends to use his nose to active the screen in order to see the time.
beats John’s heart as Sherlock walks closer to him. He’s tall and imposing now and so, so far from the too-pale, too-scrawny kid in a hospital bed from so many years ago. John is starstruck by him.
When he’s damp and flushed from the warm water pool, he makes his way to the steam room. He takes a towel, folded over his arm, to sit on. More out of concern for himself than for any politeness toward others.
Instead, John reaches out and rests his fingertips just above the waistband of Sherlock’s boxer briefs. “Do you touch yourself, Sherlock?”
The bolt of clarity, of knowing for sure what is going on here, isn’t as stark or commanding as it usually is, but at least Sherlock can think through the pain in his chest. “You got to the crime scene awfully quickly.”
Sherlock feels a prickly uncomfortableness settle on his skin as he tries to come up with an appropriate answer to that question. “I temporarily lost most of my colour vision when you were shot. It has returned, for the most part, but the experience was unpleasant.” Sherlock shrugs, aiming for nonchalance. “It can happen when one soulmate is seriously injured or killed.”
“Be careful, yeah?” John swallows and glances to Sherlock’s hip, not far from where the gun rests against his spine. “I hate not being there to watch your back.”
Sherlock practically runs out of Bart’s. He doesn’t slow until he rounds the corner at the end of the street. He didn’t even want to stop long enough to hail a cab.
It’s a ridiculous question that doesn’t require an answer. John knows it doesn’t require an answer since he’s obviously already made himself comfortable and will very soon fall asleep. Instead of a verbal response, either an affirmative one or a sarcastic one, Sherlock takes John’s hand and uses it to pull his arm more firmly around Sherlock’s waist.
“Yes?” John is definitely worried now. His brow is creased and he sits on the edge of the bed. His hand is warm on Sherlock’s bare thigh. “Has it spread?”
“No, not like that. I could consult with the police. When you have cases you can’t solve, which I’m sure is often, I can investigate for you. Use my skills to get the job done when you can’t.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock yanks his leg free from Lestrade and continue to walk over the seatbacks until meets John at the bottom of the stage stairs.
The stranger pulled him through the doorway and into the cold air. He took a gulp and could almost taste the city many metres below them. He could hear faint sounds of the Feast of Fools echoing up Notre-Dame’s solid walls.
The door he pushed against there did more than squeak. They shrieked and the wood groaned until he forced it open with his shoulder. John almost fell forward as the door gave way. He caught himself quickly.
The slap of skin against skin and their grunts of pleasure bounced around them. John wrapped a hand in Sherlock’s hair and pulled until Sherlock’s back bowed. That gave him the leverage he needed to fuck Sherlock deep and hard and angle his cock to hit that spot inside Sherlock every time.
The voice was as dark and deep as the shadows from which it came. The hair on the back of John’s neck stood on end and he wished the narrow hall had enough room for him to pull his sword.
“We’ll meet there tomorrow evening. Seven o’clock. Sorry, gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
Sherlock pushes his towel away from his waist and wraps long, calloused fingers around his hardening prick. This is just another form of the physical and mental relaxation that he seeks here. Rarely does Sherlock reach out in the dark to another man, but he does take matters into his own hands as it were. Voyeurism is encouraged in the more public rooms, and he is ever so good at observing.
“Seen a lot of injuries then, violent deaths.” He’s turned into John’s personal space so they are standing toe-to-toe now, Lestrade’s presence fading from their minds.
“Yes, sir.” That bit of obvious, outward submission sent waves of pleasure to the pit of John’s stomach. It was in opposition to what he was about to do with the beautiful, glorious man and the dichotomy was extraordinary.
Sherlock lets the noise of other people’s comings and goings push him closer and closer to the edge. His hips flex and the ball of his foot presses against the stranger’s ankle as his thighs tighten and bunch. The stranger watches him, towel tented but firmly in place across his lap. Sherlock ends up jerking himself to completion watching the stranger watch him, gradually becoming oblivious to the chorus of sex around him.
John shrugs as if everything is fine and Sherlock’s heart skips a beat. They’re closer, more in sync with each other than they have every been. It just took John losing part of his family and Sherlock gaining part of his to bring them here.
Before Sherlock can answer, a quiet, almost mousey woman comes into the lab to bring him coffee. Sherlock is unbearably rude to her and ordinarily John would be appalled by his manners. But, just this once, John rejoices in it. There’s a steady beat of
“Your mind isn’t ugly.” John’s defense sprang to his lips automatically. He was enraptured with Sherlock’s eyes, the way he ran his tongue across his lips.
Sherlock sways a bit toward John. He always moves toward John, even now years and lifetimes later. It’s like a magnet. Strongest in both quiet, intimate moments and in the chaos of their most dangerous times.
The room is dark. Illuminated only by the streetlight outside so that Sherlock can only see the outline of things. He can see the edge of his dresser and the silhouettes of the brushes and bottles and tubes that have taken up residence there. He can see the shine of the knobs on the wardrobe. But most importantly, Sherlock can see the bunch and curl of John’s’ shoulders rising above him; can see the line of John’s arm where it disappears from Sherlock’s view.
Sherlock had retreated to his room for the night more than an hour ago, but he can still hear them. John’s pacing and Rosie’s fussing won’t let him fall asleep. He could sleep, of course, the noise isn’t that great. But Rosie’s distress and John’s helplessness churn in his stomach.
Sherlock waves a hand. “Fine, Lestrade, whatever. The important part of this conversation is that I have a proposition for you.”
Then Jeanette’s calf brushed the bare ankle of a tourist from Madrid on the bus and that was that. Turned out John was glad he’d never fully unpacked. It made heading back to a flat share with other students easier. Easier but not more bearable.
Not even Mycroft’s knowing look and snide comment about Sherlock soon retiring his gloves is enough to elicit much of a response. Surely, if Sherlock ignores it, it will go away. But that desire to reach out and touch Victor, to press his lips against Victor’s wrist or to trail a finger along the inside of Victor’s arm, doesn’t go away no matter how much Sherlock tries to push it down.
Or maybe it won’t be so bad afterall. Through the steam, on a high riser in the far corner, Sherlock spots blue eyes and a starburst scar. He threads his way over the benches, past men who reach for him, to join the ‘John’ in the corner.
“No, I wasn’t ready. I wasn’t ready to take on a junkie kid as my soulmate. Especially a junkie kid who I only met because he was stupid enough to overdose in the first place!”
Suddenly, and as clearly as if he were in his mind palace, Sherlock saw the small space between them in Baker Street’s sitting room as a yawning pit. To walk forward, to embrace John, would mean falling in. But to not do so would mean losing him all the same. Facing the fall was terrifying.
