"Not just a pretty face, I see," Klaus smirked at her, and not the kind she found amusing, the kind of smirk that made her skin crawl.
"Yea, right. Heart to heart with the guy who threatened Tyler. No thanks." Caroline walked away, and as she expected, he followed.
"I need another beer." Dean walks away, more affected by this information than he wants to admit. Because he's never had a normal childhood, a normal life, a normal family because of this life, and yet somehow a group of people is chosen for this life with everything handed to them on a silver platter.
"Alright," Dean nodded, " We need to start packing if we wanna get there in less than two days. Anything you wanna bring along?"
“This is one of my favourite places, you know?” He didn't respond to what Caroline said, and she wasn't complaining. The change of topic is good.
"Think." was all he replied.
"No, but there are some hunters, a special kind, they can find him."
Cas recalled the energy he got from the Bonnie he had met. She must be the one Stefan was talking about. “I saw Bonnie just before I saw you. She seemed to be battling darkness. I should come with you. I might be able to help.”
“Yea, it really is something,” Caroline said back, with a slight twitch of her lips, still looking at the little kids. This might be a good time to know more about him, she realized. “So, an angel huh. How long have you been staying on Earth?”
"Come on, sweetheart. I thought we were finally having some heart to heart back there."
“We apologize for offending you, my brother did not know,” Sam faced him. They needed to build some connections around, it could help them in figuring out a way back. He noticed how tense the two vampires were on their way here, so he figured it was up to him, Dean, and Cas to behave as normally as they could. Though he does admit that it would be better if Stefan could loosen up a little, he seems to know his way around talking to the townspeople.
“They’re hunters.” Stefan did not have to look back to answer him. He did not have the patience to deal with his brother right now anyway.
In a time like this, the other family seemed to understand and decided to offer some help. After all, the Mikaelsons were well-known in the village, they sure did pride themselves on being great hosts.
For a second there, Caroline saw the murderous look he only reserved for those he's torture and kill. He had never looked at her that way, and yet somehow she knew this look was much much darker than his usual 'I will kill you and everyone you've ever met' look. But just like it had appeared, it vanished in a spur of a moment.
“Like hell am I leaving you here with hunters. How do you even know we can trust them?”
"They are called the Brotherhood of Five, their sole duty is to stop the rise of Silas. That's his name."
“Yea, just looking for Stefan.”
“We are not far from where we were. It’s the when that worries me.”
Realization falls onto Sam's face, taking in just how much they've sacrificed to get here, to get the sense of being able to save people, and these hunters are handed the abilities and motivation. How is that fair? But right now, all he can do is nod, because no matter how much he complains, some things just don't change.
“Caroline?”
Tyler left. He just left. No, he didn't leave. He was chased away. The only constant thought on Caroline's mind is that her boyfriend of 2 years was gone. She kicked a small stone on her path, cursing when the rock didn't hit hard enough. She was a vampire, dammit. Caroline was deeply conflicted. She loved Tyler, she did. Then how is it possible to be drawn to someone else? Let alone someone like Klaus. The guy who has tried to kill her friends on more than one occasion, terrorized the whole town, and god knows what he has done in the past The guy who walks around as if he owns this world just because he's "centuries years old, love". So much evil. And yet he's never hurt you.
Klaus wanted to object, worried for her safety out here. But he couldn't force her to follow him. Plus, her own brother will be coming for her. So he didn't protest. “Okay, but if you’re not back soon, I will come looking for you.” Caroline smiled and nodded. From what she could tell, it was not even midnight yet, it’s still pretty early, just after dinner. So she imagines that’s why Klaus agreed easily.
“So, you’re an angel. An actual angel?” Stefan said, pointing at Cas. “And you’re hanging out with these two ‘hunters’ who look like lumberjacks more than hunters?” Stefan had earned an eye roll from Dean, but he wasn’t looking to impress anybody anyway.
“All good, Sammy. The old ages were really something else, huh.”
“We’re here to help,” Sam answered her using his calm and gentle voice, the kind that he uses when he comforts people, instantly making his height less intimidating. “We know most of what is going around here, and we would like to help.”
The Mikaelson brothers, Kol, Elijah, and Henrik, led the way for the other group, guiding them through the village and briefly mentioning where they could buy things that they would need and whatnot. Cas and Caroline had engaged in a quiet conversation where Caroline was telling him about the original family, Castiel had heard of disturbance in nature in the past, but had always assumed it was resolved, guess he was wrong. Cas knew although what he had learned of the family was tragic and it will cause suffering in the future, but he also knew he could not interfere at all. One small change could risk everything in their present, not to mention heaven sending down soldiers in the time that they currently are. He had already masked his frequency, all he has to do now is make sure he does not use much of his power.
Stefan agreed and they all got ready to go. Upon seeing the car that the Winchesters drive, Stefan couldn’t help but be impressed. Perhaps in another life, Dean and he would’ve bonded over vintage beauties.
"What is it, Cas? I'll be fine. There's nothing we can do about it."
Caroline let out a humorless laugh at that question, not understanding how could Klaus have the audacity to ask that and expect an answer? "In what world do you think I would tell you, love?"
She moved her hair behind her ear and listened. A little hop here, a little sound there, and she could figure out that there was a family of rabbits hiding somewhere. Nope, not the ones with families. She listened a little more closely, and this time she heard the hops of a lone rabbit. Perfect.
“You two look like deers caught in a headlight. Care to share with the group what it is?” Dean asked snarkily. He was pretty annoyed with their current situation, and now strangers in their group seemed to know something that he doesn’t, he did not like that.
“Alright Edward, settle down,” Dean said, dropping him back into the bed.
Caroline had been here for over half an hour now. She had been with Sam most of the time but had to separate when he was asked to join some men at the bench. Now she’s just walking around and smiling at people, and to her own surprise, kind of looking for Klaus. It was hard, she admitted. Not knowing how he felt here. She always wondered if he would even notice her if they were human. Guess not. But seeing how he has always looked out for her, she wants to do the same. Especially after Silas came to her as him. It genuinely scared Caroline, though she is not sure why exactly she was scared. She just was.
“Klaus hurt you?” Stefan found that slightly hard to believe, but he knew this wouldn’t be above Klaus.
“Is that true?” Esther asked the strangers.
Sam shook his hand, he understood that Elijah probably thought he was the oldest of the group. His hair was a little below his shoulders. Sam just knew that Dean will make a hair joke later on. “No, we were just passing by.”
If Caroline could describe the sound that she was picking up, she would say that it was like a dream. A dream where the world hasn’t been affected by the background noise of machines running. It was almost silent, but with slight chirping and the subtle sound of leaves swaying with the wind, and lightly hitting the ground. If it were up to Caroline, she would just stay like this forever, in peaceful bliss. That is, until a deep gravelly voice called her name, and had been calling her for a while, it seemed.
“I mean, we are still in Mystic Falls,” Cas reached for both Sam and Dean, using his powers to alleviate their pain, “we’re in a different time. Exactly 1010 years, 3 months, and 5 days in the past.” The group fell silent. This guy has got to be joking —  is what went through the minds of the vampires, but did not say anything as they noticed how calm his friends were. Stefan figured they must’ve been through this before.
"Perfect." Dean says rubbing his temples, he wanted a case, not apocalypse 3.0. "Do we know what he looks like? Where he'd go?"
"Silas is awake."
"We could talk." Highly unlikely.
Caroline
“Yes, we are not quite from here. We’ve been traveling for days and arrived here last night. We were resting when someone decided to rob us of our clothes and food.” Stefan stepped in.
“Of course, please come in.”
"Do you see us walking yet?" Cas replied, clearly annoyed with Dean's inability to stay silent. Although he may not have uttered a word in the past 2 hours, Dean made himself known from the constant tapping and random sounds.
After an hour or so of aimless walking and bickering about how this is impossible, Caroline and Stefan finally heard the footsteps of a few men walking in their direction from afar. From the words of their conversation that Stefan and Caroline could make out, all doubts of whether they were actually in the past faded. They could not believe what was about to happen.
With several candles placed between them, Bonnie starts chanting. Sam could understand most of the words of the spell, most of them sounded on track, calling onto some sort of energy that Sam could not understand. But eventually, he figured it was something dark. Dean noticed the change in Sam’s demeanor, he looked worried. Before Dean could ask, a flash of light blinded him and it all went dark.
Two hours passed since they started looking up the lore of the area and since Cas decided to get a sense of the town. “I am going to take a nap, I’m getting a headache from all this.” Dean closed the book, ignoring pointed looks from Sam, and headed to the bed of their motel. The bed was not as comfortable as his own bed in the bunker, but it beats falling asleep on the desk. “I can feel you staring, Sammy.”
“Bonnie.”
Stefan was reluctant. He has just met these people, and the only one who was talking to him properly was the one who knocked him out and kidnapped him. The one they call Dean was looking like he was going to murder him at this very moment, and the taller one, Sam, looked like he was studying him. Very carefully.
“We will be there,” Dean said with a soft smile. And Caroline agreed. After all, they have got to experience what parties were like in the past.
“Hey there,” Dean came over, putting his hand on Cas’s shoulder. “I see we have got ourselves a competition.”
“Maybe he’s a new vampire?” Sam asked, looking at Cas. A nest finds its own pretty quick, so maybe he just wasn’t found yet, is what Sam was thinking.
Caroline heard a woman calling for Klaus, her voice sounded familiar. The accent didn’t, but the voice did. Maybe she’ll look into that later on. She turned to Stefan and quietly asked how they are going to feed in this time, it might get complicated with so many people constantly around them and she could smell the vervain around the village, they seemed to use it as decorations around here.
Next chapter coming in a few hours :)
Without a watch, she really couldn't tell how much time had passed. It was peaceful till Klaus broke the silence,” We should be heading back now, or people will wonder where we’re off to.”
Klaus tilted his head slightly and smirked wider at the sight in front of him. "Careful, love. It's not always safe in the woods, especially at this hour."
“This man shouldn’t be alive. He should be dead, and for a long time now. There is something different about him.” Cas said with the confusion still there. He just couldn’t put his finger on what’s happening. “Let’s just ask him.”
“Yes, and like I told you, we came here because I felt a change. Are you sure it’s because of this person...Silas?” Cas started putting the pieces together. The time that the whole lore with Silas happened was when he was in charge of internal operations in heaven, another garrison handled earthly matters. No wonder he hadn’t heard of Silas.
“You heard him.” Dean finally spoke up after getting a thorough look of the house, mentally taking notes of everything sharp and heavy. “We’re hunters. Normally we would gank your ass, but we have bigger things to worry about right now.”
Just as she was about to snap the rabbit’s neck, she felt a hand cover her mouth and another hand grab her around the waist. She let go of the poor animal and was fighting to free herself instead. She, Stefan, and Cas were the only ones with superspeed here, and yet her strength was matched, if not stronger. She tried to jump and thrash around in the arms that were holding her tight. And nothing worked. Almost like…
Cas looks between the brothers and he could feel the wave of emotions from both of them. And he could see that it wasn't fair, but he also knew Sam and Dean have achieved what no other hunter, human, or angel ever have. They are the real heroes.
Castiel kept walking, looking into different shops, at different people, to get a hint of anything that might be going on. But everything seemed alright here like it was just an ordinary little town. But of course, what he felt from Bonnie convinced that things are not what they seem. Just as he was about to walk back to the motel, something started feeling wrong. Out of place. There was this man with his back to Cas, plain clothes, styled hair, and something that was just so wrong. Cas instinctively reached out and touched his shoulder. And nothing. He felt absolutely nothing.
"Apparently, a tattoo appears on their skin and they get the urge and strength to hunt vampires."
Caroline couldn't help but smile at what he said. Just like her- the hybrid Klaus. “I’m sure.”
Sam started unpacking their belongings and started briefing them on what they were looking for. A little more backstory on Silas wouldn’t hurt. Dean searched with him, two heads are better than one after all, especially if even their angel doesn't know what they are dealing with.
After what seemed like an hour of walking, they had finally arrived where the Mikaelsons lived. It was nothing like their place in the present, but it sure looked cozy, like an actual home and not just a house. A woman, the boys’ mother, came out and eyed her boys with confusion.
“I can sense Bonnie, I can bring her here,” Cas suggested, breaking the silence in the room. After confirmation from Stefan, Cas stepped aside and disappeared, shocking both Caroline and Damon. They looked at Stefan for an explanation, but by the time Stefan could say a word, Cas had reappeared, holding an angry Bonnie.
Dean looked around to look for Cas, it was not easy to spot him without his trenchcoat, and especially in a crowd of people who were wearing similar clothes. There he is. Cas wore a long blue-ish shirt, and a belt across his torso, much like the rest of them. The only thing standing out about him was his hair. Messy, but much shorter than everyone else. That’s really the only thing standing out about all of them. Maybe except Sam. He looked like he belonged here.
Apologies for any grammatical errors, I often miss the most obvious mistakes.
Sam was left dumbfounded by Castiel. He can't help but feel how loved and admired he is and he knows if the angel who once knew of him as the boy with the demon blood saw something in him, that is saying something.
“I sure hope so. They do seem to care about you, Stefan told me you were a package deal.” To which Cas simply kept smiling. They saw Esther approaching them and motioned to go inside, and so they did.
“Where are we? It’s so quiet here. I don’t remember the last time it was this quiet in Mystic Falls.” Caroline said, slowly walking in a direction in hopes of seeing a road nearby. They all seemed confused, except Cas. Cas seemed worried.
"So lemme get this straight, we train all our lives, risk everything we love, lose people on the way. And these people just wake up one day and decide to go hunting?!"
“You not getting drunk easily is basically using your powers for humans. Who knows what kind of attention that could get. We need to stay under the radar.”
Damon, however, was eyeing all three of them. If only looks could kill. That is why Castiel, who is usually calm and collected, was wary and standing the closest to Damon, making him a buffer between Damon and the Winchesters. He was an angel after all. And if his interaction with Stefan has taught him anything, it’s that angel blood seems to be toxic to these vampires.
"Found anything yet, Sammy?" Dean asks, throwing his bouncy ball against the wall, catching it, and repeating. It's been days since their last hunt and Dean is getting restless with each passing hour.
"Wait, it doesn't jump from bloodline to bloodline?" Dean asked, confused as hell. Sam took a few seconds to look back at the screen then shook his head. "So how the hell do they know if they're the hunters?"
"Doesn't matter." Dean easily tries to drop the subject, in a tone that once again, showed his self-deprecation.
“Wait, what do you mean ‘there’s nothing in him’?” Sam asked, getting up from the table to get a better look.
Cas smiles a little when he sees how the younger Winchester visibly relaxes. "Now, if you don't mind, I need to get this into Dean's head as well." Cas heads to the kitchen where Dean went, though not before hearing the soft thank you from Sam.
“Yes, my friends and I were looking for the cure to vampirism, and something went wrong. Now Silas is awake. We are trying to find a way to stop him from hurting our friend, Bonnie. I was just about to go to her house to look for her when you kidnapped me.”
"Dean," Cas's voice sterner this time as he takes the chair next to Dean and sits down.
"Nothing yet, it's been quiet out there. Or our other friends are taking care of it." Sam answers, scrolling through his laptop when something catches his eye. "Here's something, there's an island, 20 miles off the coast of Nova Scotia, people say that they saw multiple lightning strikes hit the cave last night, worth checking out?"
From the looks of it, Castiel was not the only one who felt something. The lady’s face was equally confused. “What are you?” she asked, never having felt something like that before. What she felt could only be described as… light. Light and hope.
"Gee Cas, sorry I asked." Dean rolled his eyes, getting a hint that they've made no progress.
Klaus chuckled at that, but it was far from genuine. More like a sad chuckle, if that even makes sense, Caroline thought. “Seems my partner grew tired of dancing with me. She’d rather be with Elijah.”
“Nest?” The man was genuinely confused. Confused and dizzy.
She waited till the sound of Klaus’ footsteps nearly disappeared before standing up and hunting for a poor little animal. She hated animal blood, but without blood bags, Stefan’s diet it is.
Cas didn’t look away from the man. Although he felt nothing when he touched him, he could tell this man would be open to a peaceful conversation. Without replying Sam, Cas approached the man and freed him. Cas took a leap of faith and healed him too.
She ran in the direction and saw it. She let the nerves appear under her eyes and brought out her fangs. Finally. She pounced at the rabbit and grabbed him.
Sam finally replied, but not before throwing a massive bitch-face towards Dean. "Apparently, the hunters of the brotherhood don't get to know other members. They rarely get to meet others like them. The last one was seen in a small town in Virginia, we're gonna have to ask the locals."
"What do you want me to say, Cas?!" There it is, Cas thought. "That it's not fair? It freaking isn't, okay?" Although unintentionally, Dean raises his voice at the one person he does not want to raise it at. And yet still, Cas's voice remained as calm as ever.
“Y-you recognize them?” Dean could not believe these vampires, how friggin old are they??
“It is not polite for guests to touch their hosts’ belongings without their permission, sir.” A man with long hair, around the same length as Elijah’s, came into view. Cas immediately noticed how Stefan and Caroline immediately had their guards up, feeling rather anxious about the new member of the family. “I’m Niklaus,” he said, stepping closer to Caroline, and extending his hand.
“Yes, ma’am,” Stefan replied. They all decided it was for the best if Stefan did most of the talking, they knew someone was bound to get suspicious if they said one wrong thing. “My siblings and I were on the way to look for a town to settle down before we were robbed.” Stefan decided to add some spices to their lies and mention how they used to work for a noble family until the passing of their parents. Esther was moved by their story.
“Mother, we found these nice people in the woods, they were robbed of everything they owned and had nowhere to go. We thought maybe they could stay here with us.” Henrik rushed to their mother and explained.
“Stefan.”
“It is not a problem, I was merely telling you the ways of our people seeing as you are not from around here.”, Klaus replied, looking at the group’s attire. The men’s clothes were somewhat understandable, they were all wearing shirts without any patterns and their pants were rather tight, but Klaus assumed this is just how they dress from wherever they came from. Cas, of course, had to abandon his trench coat and his tie since he knew there was simply no explanation for his attire. Although Caroline did have a big shawl on, Klaus could tell she was not wearing a dress, but pants just like the men in their group. He found that to be strange, but did not mind it at all, just slightly curious.
“No matter the time, humans’ ability to find happiness never fails to intrigue me.”
The ride was silent almost the whole time. Or until the silence became unbearable and Dean decided to play his tapes. Yes, tapes. Stefan was surprised at that too.
“I’m sure he can speak for himself,” one of them stepped closer to Dean, challenging him. The closer he got, the stronger the stench of alcohol became. This guy is a lost cause.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So let's find the Brotherhood then." Sam cuts in, breaking the staring contest between Dean and Cas.
“If by competition you mean everyone’s complete annihilation.” Someone from the crowd shouted. The laughter that erupted was undeserving, to say the least. Dean could make better jokes.
“Good, now you and I are going to sit in a corner and act drunk,” Dean took Cas to a bench with Sam and a couple of other people, just so there are some witnesses to see how drunk they are.
Caroline was halfway into the forest when she heard a branch snap few feet away, benefits of vampirism. She vamped towards the sound, only to bump into a hard figure and land on her ass. She looked up and saw the same smirk she did not want to see again today.
“Hi! Are you hunting too? Those are some strange clothes for a hunt.” Stefan and Caroline recognized the whole group, except for the younger boy. As Stefan began to answer him, his older brothers caught up.
"Screw. You." She said between breaths. She saw the rage in his eyes grow and waited for the snap of her neck, but it never happened. Instead, he let go of her and she was finally able to breathe. Seeing how this could be her only chance to escape, Caroline took off, vamping through the woods, only to bump into Silas the very next second.
“I’ll do it.” Damon volunteered. He knew he didn’t understand much about magic anyway. At least this would give him time to find out more about the ‘hunters’. The hunters, Caroline, and Stefan sat in a circle facing Bonnie in the middle. They decided to put pillows behind them, where they believed their heads would land once they fell unconscious.
"I don't remember giving you the permission to leave, birdie." Next thing she knew, she was pinned to another tree. "Tell Bonnie to come out of the shadows, tell her that this," at which he drives a stake through Caroline's ribs, missing her heart just by an inch, "is just the beginning." And just like that, he vanished.
"Well?" Dean asked, wanting to get a reaction from his brother, gulping down his now warm beer.
Sam and Dean
Dean pulled Cas closer as they began to walk away, and started whispering. “What the hell were you thinking using your powers?”
Dean seems to take his words in, Castiel hopes the hunter would believe every word he just heard, even if temporarily.
“I have arranged for your stay in the hut next to us. It is not permanent, but it will do until you can get back on your feet,” she gave them all the good news once they were all inside. The group followed her to a smaller house right next to theirs. A dining table enough to fit 6 people, two rooms at one side, and a bed in the living area. They were more than grateful to have found even this. At least they will have a bed. Esther explained the owners of this house were traveling and would not be back for two months, and so they were allowed to live there till then, so long as they didn't break anything. “I forgot to mention, we will be celebrating Samhain tonight. We will be joining the villagers in dancing and a feast. Be sure to attend so you can meet everyone. I will send someone with a few pairs of extra clothes for you all soon.”
Now it’s Cas’s turn to look confused. He draws back, appearing to think for a moment with a slight furrow on his brow. Finally, he says, “What
“And where’d we go after that?” Sam says, deliberately leaving out questions about just what motivated him to go with Dean instead of staying at Stanford.
“How would you feel about becoming an angel? I need some replacements. As much as I want to stay hands off, heaven won’t run itself.”
As they burst out into the mortal plane, Dean fully slips Castiel’s grasp. Castiel chases him, feeling himself vibrate with an expression of what would be laughter in his human form. The two circle around each other, Castiel encouraging Dean by rushing after him and then darting away, not far enough to leave him feeling abandoned, but far enough to make himself fun to chase.
For the first time since he got there, Dean looks uneasy. Sam’s stomach lurches.
“Wow,” Dean breathes, seeing for the first time that Castiel’s wings are not simply black. They are rippling, silken rainbows, rich and glorious like light through stained glass; and as a seraph he is haloed by great fans of colour from multiple pairs of wings.
“I’ll help you,” he promises. “On my mark.”
Dean smiles, looking proud of himself. “I sure do. I’m gonna be your guardian. For you and your family or whoever.”
Yet as they fly higher, that discomfort starts to the fade, leaving curiosity in its wake. They leave the Empty, passing back through different planes of existence, and Dean (metaphorically) flaps his wings and starts making timid leaps into the air. His energy changes to reflect interest-daring-wonder. He starts to tug Castiel upwards, so Castiel increases his speed.
Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out through his nose. Now that he’s felt Dean’s presence, knows it’s really him, and understands what’s going on, he feels much less tense, but he doesn’t know what else to feel. Like Dean, he definitely isn’t done processing yet. He sheathes his knife.
And yet, far below on Earth, strangers look up into the sky and see beautiful rivers of light dancing over the Kansas night. An aurora borealis in the wrong latitude, a once-in-a-lifetime sight that is captured on phones and cameras and videos and the news, baffling scientists and civilians alike.
“All those things you said about me being good and whatever, I dunno if they’re true. But I do know that
, he realises. It burns, bitter and caustic through his veins. Whatever the hell this is, he doesn’t have the patience for it. He helped kill Chuck/God, and some reward he’s getting for it. This isn’t part of the story he wanted to write, dammit.
The pieces snap together. Castiel sees: the liquid black stillness of the Empty has been cut through by a blinding ray of light. Bending over him is Dean, skin glowing and with light catching in his golden hair, his feathered eyelashes, his bright green eyes. He looks younger now, unburdened by the ravages of time. Grace, grace is pouring into Castiel where their bodies meet.
To his surprise, Dean steps forward and hugs him. Sam holds him tightly, breathes in deep and is reassured to find that Dean’s body still smells the same as it did before. Closing his eyes, Sam lets himself believe that Dean will always be there for him, that it’s okay to feel safe, just for a moment.
“I need to do one thing. Just one thing, first. Then I’ll be back forever, Sammy, I swear.”
Dean looks confused for a moment. “You mean the La Llorona?”
“Yeah?”
“You did it,” Castiel says breathlessly, his grip on Dean’s shoulder tightening for just a moment.
God for it to be unsettling – mainly in the perpetual serene expression – but Dean doesn’t care.
Dean laughs, fully conscious that his family has been a thorn in the side of all evil for most of his 41 years. And proud of it.
“I bet you’ll suck at it. You’re just gonna hang out at the Bunker and work on your car all the time.”
If it’s option A? Sam doesn’t give a fuck. He knows there’s no way, now, that he could even try and kill anything that wears his brother’s face.
“Blackwater Ridge, Colorado. Even though you drove my car into a house. Cut it out, Sam. Next thing you’re going to ask me how to replace the oil seals on a ’67 Chevy Impala.”
"Dean, look at me."
"Well, to be honest, that sounds exactly like something I need."
"It's quite similar to what Azazael did to you Sam when you were a baby," DJ's eyes were still trained on him, and Sam flinched at the mention of the demon. "Except that it was done in order to save us, see we were born in a world where we only partially belonged, as our respective biological mothers were from that world, but our Father, Dean, is from this one. This resulted in the instability and warping of our souls; Naomi had access to grace that she had brought from this world. She gave it to us to mend the damage, Marion got a bit more than me because Naomi had tried other avenues first before thinking of the Angel grace, whereas Naomi gave me a portion of the grace only days after I was born."
There is a tense, silent moment when everyone in the room just digests Dean's words, no one moves, and there isn't a sound.
* * *
-------------------
"Jack..." Dean starts but then stops to look at Cas.
* * *
1 North Atlantic Cod Filet Sandwich
Dean squints as his brain starts to acknowledge the sunlight beaming through the living area window; soft voices are coming from somewhere behind him. His head is pounding despite the fact he didn't hit the bottle before going to sleep or rather crashing on the large couch while Castiel watched some sort of nature documentary on mute.
"Great, we don't really know anything, I mean, this weird drowning does eliminate some of the basics like vampires, werewolves, changelings, banshee and wendigo's, but this doesn't even look like something we've seen before."
"So, what was the empty like this time?" Dean asked.
"There are two spells here; the first is one to wipe my memory of this entire plot that way Chuck can never find out about what is about to happen, I'll only have a time frame and a knowing that a plan is to take place, but all of the specifics will be a mystery to me again. I can't chance Chuck finding out about this and thwarting it before it even has a chance to work. The spell will also temporarily knock me into a state of unconsciousness for 5 minutes, which I will simply remember as daydreaming," Amara said seriously, looking Naomi in the eye.
"No!" Marion quickly interjected. "We were born and raised in that other world up until three years ago, but we are really this world's... your worlds... we are your kids. Not another version of you," Marion had continued and hesitated for another moment before continuing cautiously, "remember 23 years ago when you were alone in California? I think you had just finished a case and were about to drive back to meet up with your dad and Sam. You needed some quick Cash.
"Those were just suicides, and unfortunate accidents happen all the time around Christmas, nothing to worry about." The man rebukes cheerfully. "Hey, Delilah, go get these boys a pass to the Kris Kringles Kakes and Kookies Karnival."
The heart of Humanity
in-seeg-neh corp-us
"We were able to compare what we found from crime scenes to the data that we had and determined that it was a Nakki. We had experienced them before back in our other world when Naomi took us to Lapland to meet with some Sami hunters."
"I'm sorry, Dean."
To walk out in the white padded dark
" Jack, we've all done bad things, most of the time, without truly knowing what we were doing. I've started the apocalypse, and I've been addicted to demon blood, I've been soulless, I've been possessed, I've said yes to Lucifer, and a lot more shit. Dean's sold his soul, been to hell in all that entails, took Cain's mark and suffered the consequences, and said yes to Michael. Hell, Cas even tried to be God at one point and has trusted the wrong people; we all have, we have all made mistakes, and we all have blood on our hands. But we have forgiven each other for all of that because we're family, and we understand the reasons for the actions taken, whether they were done consciously or not. I forgive you, Jack, I love you, kid."
Walking into the sheriff's office offered little reprise from the Christmas celebrations; the entire department was dressed up as Christmas characters. With who must the Sherrif dressed as Bumble the Abominable Snowman.
Watching the kids hug Dean and Cas brought another thought to Sam's head; they were raised in foster care and by an Angel with a mission from Amara; the kids most likely had a less stable upbringing even compared to him, and Dean, and probably had even fewer support systems. What Sam realizes if that what these kids needed was a family, and now they have a chance to have it, and maybe this was what he and Dean needed to maintain their motivation and determination to win the fight against Chuck. A reminder for what's worth fighting for.
--------------------
Sam only grimaced, not wanting to think about his niece seducing anyone, monster or not.
Cas is the first to recover and turns to look at Sam, "Maybe you should go after him?"
"The storyline or script rather never specifies your names as it always just takes them as a given as he just writes that one Winchester sibling would kill the other, never worrying about anything because he would never allow more viable children to be born. The burden of one of you," he signals to Sam and Dean, "killing the other is no longer your burden, technically it hasn't been in three years because it's now on us.
Chorus.
"Dean, having it in you to forgive Jack is not cancelling out the grief you feel for your mother."
When they finished chanting Dean started shooting, as did DJ and Sam. Meanwhile, he watched as Cas and Jack jumped down to start stabbing the Nakki they were able to reach. It took them about five minutes in total to kill them all, and when the shooting stopped, the only sound was the heavy breathing of the six people still alive.
* * *
Speaking of sugar, Cas was regretting not stopping Jack from tasting every single one of the free samples at Kay Kringles Kandy because it seemed that despite being part angel it seemed Jack experienced a coined 'sugar high' and was talking enthusiastically about all the other offerings of the festival and commenting on every new thing he noticed. Despite his deep regret, Cas was allowing himself to feel contentment with the sense of normalcy, careful to prevent himself from calling it happiness.
"Obviously," Marion responds dryly. She rolls her eyes before continuing. "If you had been paying attention, you would have heard me explain that there has been a slight change of plans. There was, in fact, another attempted sacrifice last night."
"They mostly take the shape of men because they believe that women are much better protectors of the water, and their happiness is more pure; the translation on that part was a little wonky."
Personally, Cas thought that both the sweaters were humorous and paid a kind of tribute to the nicknames the late King of Hell had given the brothers. He needs to make a note to get a picture to Rowena somehow. He had also chosen a sweater for Jack, which was covered in small Christmas Candies with the words 'I just want Candy, Candy Canes, Candy Corn, and Syrup.'
As Cas walks into the candy shop, he notices a bright Green sign reminding patrons to 'Visit Hermy the Elf'with a cartoon elf dressed as a dentist.
"They encourage the drowning of people because they can harness the power of a soul to preserve the natural environment around them. You've seen the nature scenes and the numerous bodies of water around, that's not a coincidence, this area was originally settled by Finnish immigrants which unknowingly brought the Näkki to America."
"Sam, you understand that it was you two who saved the whole world, twice, right? Not some Brotherhood?"
Castiel was confused at this since Dean knows he doesn't need anything, but decided not to dwell on it and just shook his head.
Bonnie was about to use her magic on Cas when Caroline stopped her and explained that they were just here to help. After hearing how Silas attacked Caroline, Bonnie understood the depth of the situation.
The house wasn’t much. Made mostly of wood and clay, a few personal items to make more like a home, but nothing too much that would make the house worth robbing. Dean saw a few papers with sketches of woods and waterfalls on a smaller table, held together with a small figurine of what seemed to be a knight on a horse. And just as he was about to pick it up, Sam cleared his throat, signaling him not to touch anything. Dean was about to ignore him when they heard a new voice a few steps away from them. A voice that seemed to have a stronger impact on a particular blonde than the others.
As Dean got closer to Cas, he realized that everyone around him was cheering. Weird. Cas doesn't really attract crowds. As he stepped closer, he saw that they were cheering at his ability to gulp down mead, barely flinching. The rest of them were already stumbling, yet Cas was completely unaffected. This wouldn’t end well.
“Oh ho ho ho, I’d love to see you try.” Damon took a step closer, which prompted both of the Winchesters to step forward too. By the time veins had appeared under Damon’s eyes, Stefan vamped to him and pushed him back.
“There’s an energy here, I am not sure what it is yet,” Cas said, looking as if he was simply sniffing the air.
"Of course, Cas. I just.. I don't know. I can't help but wonder, is it even worth it?" Although Sam doesn't show it, Castiel can see how self-depreciative he is feeling. How can he doubt whether it was worth it?
“He doesn’t look like a normal vampire. This is weird.” Sam said, looking intently at the man’s fangs.
“My apologies. I did not mean to do that.” Klaus moved towards her. He stood next to her for a few seconds, asking for permission to sit with his eyes. Caroline nodded and scooted a bit, giving him some space.
“She’ll be alright, Stefan. Care to introduce your guests?” Damon asked with evident snark, getting annoyed with each second these strangers stood in his living room.
"Well they've done a pretty crappy job then, haven't they?" Cas tilts his head slightly at Dean's response, he doesn't understand why Dean was being extra cranky today. Having known the hunter won't word his feelings, Castiel drops it but doesn't look away from Dean, still trying to figure him out.
In her search for food, she had paid absolutely no attention to her surroundings. So she did not know that while she was vamping through the woods, there was a shadow following closely behind. That when she was getting ready to grab the rabbit, something else was getting ready too.
“Yes, they will tu-” Before Stefan could finish his sentence, one of the boys called out and ran towards them.
“I think you’re the only ones who had a nose bleed because you’re human,” Castiel told his friends while Caroline looked around the woods. She turned her focus back on them and realized that Cas, Stefan, and she were all fine. Yet Sam and Dean looked like they picked a fight while they were drunk and they were the ‘other guys’.
Thank you for sticking around till now. Hope you enjoyed this slightly longer chapter!!!
Caroline began walking towards the woods. She had seen an uphill path when they were walking to the village. It might be dark, but it's quiet, so a little exploration seems perfect. After every few steps, she would bring her hand to the nearest bush. Feeling it. The smell of the forest was much more natural here in the past. It’s barely there in the future. But here, it felt like if you spent one whole day in nature, you’d forget every single one of your worries. She could hear a few insects buzzing and slithering, those sounds always disgusted her. But the sound of the wind hitting the grass was perfect. Like medicine to the soul. Moments like these made her fall in love with being a vampire all over again.
“Something is wrong with this man, Dean,” Cas said defensively, not liking the fact that he was accused of kidnapping, even if that is what he technically did.
Caroline looked at Stefan one more time, as if confirming what Sam told her was true. After a slight nod from him, she relaxed. She looked at all three of them again and noticed the one with the sharp features was just staring at her, like he was trying to remember something.
After what she felt were about 10 minutes of walking, she saw a clearing. She sat against a rock and looked at the sky. Focusing only on the stars. She missed her mom. She missed her home. Bonnie. Matt. Everyone. Even Tyler despite their breakup. But at the moment, she has hope. At least she wasn't alone.
"What exactly do we ask them?" Cas spoke up from the book he was reading.
It took a moment for her, but she finally realized. This is what went wrong. Silas. Instead of her friends just taking the cure to vampirism with them, Katherine sabotaged them and woke Silas.
Castiel had been cut off from heaven for quite a while now, between keeping the Winchesters safe and finding his own place on Earth, he has decided his fate because he knows he won't be able to live with himself seeing the damage he's done in heaven. But that doesn't stop the angel radio to blast through his barriers and reach him. The last time the frequency was this strong, was when he had pulled the soul of the righteous man from hell, the strength of it was enough to break through Anna's barriers, and she didn't even have her grace. The same sentence repeating itself in Castiel's head, and he knows he has to do something before the angels decide to wipe out the entire country.
“I will not. You’re the one who’s gonna suck at being guarded. Probably go looking for trouble and make my life harder on purpose.” Dean folds his arms, but they both know Sam’s objection and Dean’s offense is playful.
“I need you to understand this is a long term commitment,” Jack says seriously. “Once it’s done, I can’t undo it. Your body will be expansive beyond your understanding. You won’t need to eat, sleep, or even breathe. If you
, there is only softness: Cas’s lips moving gently over Dean’s.
As Sam is contemplating his opening quip, Castiel looks up and catches sight of him peeking in the doorway. He winks, then wraps an arm around Dean. Dean actually leans into Castiel’s side and lays his head on his shoulder. Sam’s eyes almost pop out of his head.
Going out on a rusty nail like that, huh? And leaving Sam alone for what, up to 70 years of his life? Real class act, Winchester.
Setting aside Sam for a minute, Dean bites his lip, mind churning. There’s really only one other thing he wants to know before he makes up his mind. He takes a breath.
“Yeah, uh... don’t freak out,” Dean says, in a tone that makes Sam think he definitely should be freaking out. Instead, he just breathes, watching Dean to see what will unfold, his hand casually reaching for the knife that’s behind him on the table.
Finally, finally they kiss. After long years, after hard times, after joy, after tragedy. After so much death, repeated ultimate loss, the death of God as they knew him, after happiness bound itself to destruction;
Sam’s inner thoughts whisper.
He simply stares as between flashes of light, Dean’s shadow-wings fully expand, giving just a hint of their true presence and being. Sam’s heart is beating so hard in his ears that he can’t tell if the sound is coming from within him or without him.
Sam will postpone being a little shit to his brother and his future brother-in-law angel just for a little while – just until tomorrow.
Sam thinks, remembering that the Bunker’s wards are down. With most of the angels and demons dead it had seemed the practical thing to do, but now he deeply regrets it. Cautiously, he reaches for his demon-killing blade and approaches the Crow’s Nest, ready to defend the Bunker if need be.
Chapter 7
SAM HELP
I was confused, I guess he saw that in my face. " Oh, you're wondering how you can be killed. You can be killed by...." Just then someone burst through the door yelling , "OWEN WHY DID YOU TAKE MY CHILD!!” That was not the redhead's voice. Then someone came behind me and knocked me out again.
I was confused, I guess he saw that in my face. " Oh, you're wondering how you can be killed. You can be killed by...." Just then someone burst through the door yelling , "OWEN WHY DID YOU TAKE MY CHILD!!” That was not the redhead's voice. Then someone came behind me and knocked me out again.
Dean, Sam honey we got to go home said Mary. Just then a major earthquake happened the book cases fell out of the wall, and fell on top of Mary. she didn't make it.
She stared at me wide eyed. “Their dead, how am i going to know who i am?” As she was saying this her voice broke. “Hey, hey it’s okay I think i know who your parents are, but to show you I have a couple questions.” I told her, she nodded her head and asked, “What do you need char?” “I need a way out of here without getting myself killed, and with,” I moved my hand in a way so future me can come out. “Come on,” I told her. She came out of behind the old fashion bookcase. “Hey, hon. I’m her in 2030, also i wanna tell you, on Nov. 23rd of 2025 stay in the bedroom you share with your wife, don’t go to work.” After that she just disappeared, i didn’t know what was gonna happen why would i tell her, stay home unless….
Blood.
I was hiding under the bed texting Sam, when I heard footsteps, they found me and put a bag over my head and somehow I saw through the bag, and saw a young man no more than 20 years old taking my phone and texting Sam. Then he shuts the phone down and turned to me and said in a scottish voice, “ Don’t worry your pretty head dear, Daddy’s got you.”
“Okay Ms. Abbott, what, who, and how are you here?” “Charlie dear, these questions will be answered in time for now worry about that man that is after you because of what you are.” “What am I? What the hell, I'm a human, I'm a hunter, no.” “Oh dear, you don’t know, one moment.” I began to yell “WAIT WHERE ARe you going.” She left, I tought. The one who can answer my questions is gone. Then she came back out of nowhere. “ Charlie you have to listen carefully, go to your bedroom here, call those dumb ass boys, run.” She told me calmly. “Wait why.” I crossed my arms. “Okay, then I guess I have to tell you Your part, witch, human and,” then she begins mumbling, “angel, and demon.” “WHAT!?!?” I yelled. Just then a knock came to the front door.
“ NOOOOOO,” cas yelled he did not want this movie to end. Dean got up from the couch and said “diner time”  Dean got up and pulled a pouting cas off him since they were cuddling on the couch “Cas it’s time for our date.”  Dean pulled a heavy, noy in a trench coat out the door, they got to the impala and Dean turned on the radio and the song “Die a Happy Man” by Thomas Rhett  came on.
I woke up in a dark black room, I saw a demon trap and a man in it.” Hello Darling, you must be wondering where you are? Well welcome home.” I looked at him like he was crazy, “ Home?” “ Yes dear, home. Do you not remember your true home, love?” I thought for a moment my true home was with alex. “ My true home is with my mother, Alex Jones, you asshat.” “Oh dear, it seems like you forgot who I am, I am your father, young lady.” “HOW YOU ARE 20 YEARS OLD HOW ARE YOU MY DAD, UNLESS YOU WAS 5 WHEN YOU HAD ME YOU FUCKER.”
DEAN: Cas he's in jail, i'm living with bobby my and sam's uncle, and his wife ellen and jo. Jo is from her other marriage.
Then Jody walked up and began to talk, “ I remember when i 1st met the boys,” she laughed, “ i was the sheriff in Sioux Falls, SD, they were on a case and i saw right through them so i asked to call there director and i was on call with the one and only bobby singer, and it was fun watching their faces, that wasn’t the last time i saw them, man they helped us saved the world so many times. It hurts knowing that they are gone but i know we pick up where they left off.” She got down then more people walked up and said how he, and his brother saved them.
Dean looked at his phone and saw it was Sammy. " Fuck, Cas we got to go pick up my brother," "Come on then i have to pick up Gabe to we can go together." They got off baby's hood and went to their seats. Then they drove to Lutheran High School-Sioux Falls. Just before they drove off, the two boys looked at each other, Cas looked into green emerald eyes. Dean looked into cas's icey blue eyes. They lean in and...
“Charlie are you okay?” Sam yelled. I nodded my head, “yea, i’m just going to go lay down for a bit.”
“Charlie, baby where are you.” Someone yelled. “Right here.” I had yelled back, then this man came out of nowhere and said, “You will be useful soon, not right now but soon, in 10 years you will go to Las Vegas and hear this name Jack Key, and when you do just know you won’t be back until the day you see this,” Sees a picture of a circle with an X through it. “CHARLIE,”
If I never get to see the Northern Lights
Cas: dean are you okay are you there now because if so im going over there and giving him a pice of my mind.
Dean opened his mouth and spoke, " it was my parents annavsiety of them meeting each other and that year they wanted to go to paris. When we got to the eiffel tower it was beautiful then we heard crying so me and my family ran to see what happened we saw this little guy," dean walked over to gabe and messed his hair up, " crying give it to him he was 1. Then his brother held out his hand for me to shake then the rest of the day we all became each other's best friend but when we went home the next day," sam stood up and put his arm around his brother, " a earthquake happened and me and sammy's mom died. So when I got my phone 4 years ago I remembered his mom's number, and I called them." Dean finished.
After The Movie
The Car ride home
Blood.
Chapter 4
Then Cas began talking, " So me and my family and I have a lot of siblings so yea" cas said as he put his hand on the back of his neck. " We all went to Paris to see my Uncle Uriel. So me, gabe and our mom went to the eiffel tower then gabe began crying because someone knocked him over," Dean interpreted and yelled " what why didn't you tell me?" " Because i had only just meet you assbutt, my mom told your's," Cas said then began to finished what he was saying," so after he began yelling and crying this family came over, a tall blonde woman 2 kids and a man with a beard, and my mom told his mom what happened and i went over to the tall cute one," Cas stopped to take some air in, then finished it," i introduced myself and he introduce himself and we became best friends." Mr. Garth said, "okay, dean and sam you can show them around now."
Dean took Cas's hand and pulled him to a 1967 Impala. Dean opened the door for him and cas sat in the passenger's seat and dean went to the driver's seat. Dean turned on the radio and the music filled the car. Of course Dean sang the song that was playing. It was Eye of the Tiger. They drove for a good 2 hours till they reached a meadow, the meadow had big oak trees and a river in the middle of it. As soon as Cas saw this his mouth popped open with a little pop. "dean it's breathtaking."
Yea she is found some shit about my past though.
The next time I woke up I was in an old room that I felt like I knew: blood red walls, black floor, and a notebook on the table that was next to a bed. For some odd reason I wanted to open the notebook, Dear Journal, today is the 11th of January, and my mom and dad are fighting again, about some people named Winchester. I jumped back after I read that Winchester. “HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I HEARD THAT NAME?” Just then I heard a knock on the door, “Hon, It’s me Marry Galloway and I'm your mother.” I just stood there and said, “Oh now 2 people trying to say they are my mother, yea right, Come in i guess.” She walked in and my jaw hit the floor, she looked like an older version of me with dark brown hair, grayish blue eyes, but she had a huge scar from her right eye down to the corner of her mouth. “You you you look like me.” said a little scared, “thank you for letting me in here, but i lied to you Charlie.” I looked at her confused, “What do you mean you lied to me.'' I asked her angrily. She looked at me and said, " I'm not your mom, I'm you in the future if you make it out alive.” Make it out alive?! I thought to myself. “I know you are confused, hell I am. So you are most likely wondering why I'm here. Well i’m here to help you get out of here, without the scar.” “okay how do i do it.”  “we aren’t going in the window, or the door,we have to use your powers.”
Nope wait is that red head
What who?!?!?!?!
I normally don’t back down from a fight, but this time I wasn’t ready. I took my phone out and turned the brightest all the way down and texted sam. Baby Moose 😈
A happy man, baby, mmm"
I remember the 1st time I heard the name Winchester, i was 15 my mom sat me down and said “ Honey we have to go to a grave today.”, because i was only 15  i didn’t know what that was. We got in the truck and met up with these people, Garth Fitzgerald IV, and his family, Jody, and a lot of people i didn’t know. A young boy no more than my age  walked up and said, “ Hi, I’m Sam Winchester’s son Dean jr. and before you say he was a murder, a killer, let me tell you what he really did, he was a hunter, and not a lot of people know what he and my uncle did. They saved people, yea they may have lost a hell of lot of people but they save a hell of a lot to. He never truly stopped doing his job, he taught me a lot, and some people still believe he was a horrible person, he wasn’t.”
So many times, it happens too fast
Dean turned the radio off and said, " Hey, Cas is this your house," pointing at a big blue house. "It is Dean-o." Gabe popped off. Dean turned and told gabe, " Shut the fuck up gabe." Sam opened his door and yelled at gabe, " race you Gabey." After the two boys ran to the door dean turned to cas and asked, " Would you like to go to the diner with me tomorrow?" Cas stared at the boy in utter shock and then dean spoke, " if you don't want to it's okay." Then cas told him to stop by putting his soft, dry lips, " Dean do you really think i don't want to go on a date with you then you are a idiot." Then cas kissed him on the check and opened the passenger side door and said, " what time?" " how about tomorrow at 8pm." " okay i be there."
FLASHBACK
Dean's favorite spot
DEAN: The diner, oh please don't scream when you see me.
Hi i'm a hunter, they say, “good luck the Winchester’s are dead,” everyone knows that though, i never introduce myself, hi im Charlie, no not Charlie Bradbury, Charlie Newbrooke. My mom is, well she is like my mom her name is Alex Jones, Dean and Sam saved her from a Vamps nest, and my ‘Grandma’ Jody Mills took her in. Not a lot happened after they died, I met up with the new team Castiel Fitzgerald, Sam Fitzgerald, Dean Winchester Jr. Yea i know i said the Winchester’s are dead but they left an amazing story behind, that begins, before there time and will never end.
hey are you here and did you knock?
Dean turned on the radio and the specker blasted Eye of the Tiger.
Love yall.
"Dean," Sam yelled,"Wake up." while jumping on his bed. Dean mumbled "Go away Sammy." Then all of a sudden Dean jumps up in his boxers, and runs to try to chapter Sammy. As Dean was running someone caught him he was scared because he was only 5 and Sam was one. "Dean love stop running you get hurt." Mary said, laughing. " Come on get ready we're going to the Eiffel tower."
I was hiding under the bed texting Sam, when I heard footsteps, they found me and put a bag over my head and somehow I saw through the bag, and saw a young man no more than 20 years old taking my phone and texting Sam. Then he shuts the phone down and turned to me and said in a scottish voice, “ Don’t worry your pretty head dear, Daddy’s got you.”
" Carry on my wayward son,
Nope wait is that red head still there?
Damn can i know?
HELLO BOYS.
Then this crazy thing happened and a man appeared and began to talk. “Hello, i’m Jack Kilne, i know you all know me as lucifer’s son but, he wasn’t my dad my dads was both winchesters and Castiel, but they taught me everything really, the thing i most remember is when they, got up and kept fighting Chuck so i could do what i needed to do and fix the world, and i won't forget that, thank you sam, see you with dean and cas soon.” Then he just disappeared.
Then Jody walked up and began to talk, “ I remember when i 1st met the boys,” she laughed, “ i was the sheriff in Sioux Falls, SD, they were on a case and i saw right through them so i asked to call there director and i was on call with the one and only bobby singer, and it was fun watching their faces, that wasn’t the last time i saw them, man they helped us saved the world so many times. It hurts knowing that they are gone but i know we pick up where they left off.” She got down then more people walked up and said how he, and his brother saved them.
Sammy
"Cas, where do you wanna look 1st?" Dean asked him. Cas said " I really don't care, dean." " Okay, I shall show you my favorite place in school, just don't tell anyone please." Dean told cas. " i won't." " okay, i have a question for you, 1. Why are you here?, wait i didn't mean to say it that way, and 2..." Dean put his arm on the back of his neck and finished asking his questions, " you think I'm cute?" After Dean finished saying he turned beet red. " Okay i will tell you, my dad got a new job here and we moved down here, i called you cute because you were back then, but now you are really fucking hot dean." As soon as Cas said this he froze, because he just admitted to his crush of 13 years he was hot. " Cas, you think i'm hot. I beg to differ because you are not me."
They got out of the impala and sat on the hood and Dean told Cas he was the only one who sat on the hood of baby. Then Dean's ringtone went off.
“You are 63 years old, and your name isn’t Charlie Newbrooke, your name is lily Campbell, yes you are a descendant of both the most amazing hunters, the Winchester's and the Campbell's. Also my name is Owen Porter. Don’t think you can leave darling. If you try calling those boys who will be killed."
They decided to watch the movie Love, Angel. “Dean,” Cas said in the 1st 10 minutes, “ I think that basketball player is Green.” Dean said, “which one?,” even though he had already watched it like 3 times. Cas waited a moment before pausing the movie and pointing at a dark haired boy.
The last thing i heard was Daddy’s got you.” The man looked like he was 20 he can’t be my dad right it’s not possible, but then again we live in a world with monsters, angels. JACK. Fuck jack. I thought. “Okay Jack, I know you are busy, but I need help, this person kidnapped me. I don't know who it is. I need help.” That was the last thing I remembered.
That night
Just a man and his will to survive
Dean, Mary, little Sammy, and John were walking to the Eiffel tower and then they reached it it was lighted up with tiny fairy lights dean was humming "hey Jude" Don't tell anyone but Sam was crying until he heard someone screaming bloody murder and the Winchester's ran over to where the screaming was it was a small reddish brown hair child no more than Sam's age his name was Gabriel but he would soon go by Gabe. There was another small boy but he was no more than dean's age. He was about 4ft tall. He stuck out his hand for Dean to shake and said, " Hi I'm Castiel, my parents think I'm angel of the lord." Dean took his hand and shook Castiel's hand and said, "Hi, I'm Dean Winchester, nice to meet you Cas." Dean walked away with his family, after getting his mom's number.
The tour
Yes he gave me blood. “Here lilly, if you want to be strong you must drink this demon blood.” He left and shut the door, future me popped back up and said in a rushed voice, “Don’t eat the blood it made Sam Winchester go crazy. He almost DIED eating that.” I didn’t understand but I nodded.  “We gotta get out of here.” I nodded my head again, and asked, “how do i use my powers?” “you got to believe in yourself and you will poof, if they didn’t de-angel the house, to where we can’t poof out.”  I nodded my head again, I don't understand why. “Hide.” I hissed.
10 minutes later
They jumped, then they heard the sound of something hitting the roof of baby and they realized it was raining so they sighed and Dean spoke sadly, " Guess we have to go pick up Sammy and Gabe now." sadly cas shook his head. They drove in silence till they reached the school, and Dean texted his brother and said, " SAMMY, I'M HERE." Then Sam and Gabe ran to the black Chevy Impala and got in the back. " Dean what took you and cas so...Ohhhhh" Sam said realizing they were trying to get to know each other again.
Chapter 5
She disappeared again, just as a knock on the door happened, a small voice was at the door, “Hey, may i come in.” I walked over to the door and said, “ I guess, but let me open it.” I opened the door and saw the most cutest thing, “uhh, umm, hi.” i said weirdly. The girl with one of the  bluest of blue eyes, and a cutest green eye. “Hi, do you go by charlie or lilly?” she asked me. “I go by my name Charlie.” “Oh then hi charlie. I’m Jo ellen but call me Jo.” “Wait are you named after the famous Harvelle's?” “Who are they?” she asked. I moved out from in front of the door so she could walk in, “Jo, come have a seat, and let me tell you about them. Wait who are your parents?” I asked. “All I know is the last name winchester.” “as in sam or dean?” “tell me about them please.” She asked me. I shook my head yes. “Where do I begin, uhm, Dean Winchester was born to a Mary and John Winchester, January 24th 1979, and 4 years later on May 2nd 1983 sam Winchester was born. 6 months later Mary winchester was killed,” i told her, “by the yellow eyed demon.” I whispered. “22 years later Dean shows up at Sam's place, and says, ‘Dad hasn’t been home in a few days, Dad’s on a hunting trip and hasn’t been home in a few days.’ and on that day, they began the story.” “Sam wanted to come back on monday, and he did, but he looked on the ceiling and saw his girlfriend Jess dead just like their mother. That’s when the story truly begins, they went on many cases all over the world, and when Dean was 28 his brother died and he sold his soul to save him, and when he was 29 he was killed by hellhounds, and when he was still 29, an angel named castiel, pulled him from hell, Dean stabbed him when they met but they soon became best friends, they saved the world many times, they met some angels, demons, witches, and more. They even saved Lucifer's son, Jack, who by the way is god now. Also they took Chuck's the man who was god, powers away. But about 30 years ago dean died on a hunting trip, vamps in masks, before that Castiel died saving dean and himself from billie who was death. Then about 10 years ago Sam died, and now we are here.”
OH MY FATHER KNEW YOUR
It's the eye of the tiger, it's the thrill of the fight
I put the phone down and looked up at her and stated, “ not them. Wanna help me find out and harm them?” Then she shocked her head so roughly i thought i would fly off, then she said something that made my blood boil. “Honey people are coming for you. Those are the people who have to hide.
WHO IN THE HELL IS THIS THIS IS NOT CHARLIE!
Damn can i know?
Yea she is found some
Don't you cry no more."
In a matter of 3 minutes the boys were in my room, okay yesterday, Sam had the bodies, so Sam today you are going to ask their friend, and neighbors about them. Dean, no you are not going to be with Cas today, go to the crime scene and look and call if you see anything weird. Cas, because your’s and Sam’s dad is a werewolf, call him and see if his pack did anything, no i'm not saying they did, stop growling. Okay you all have your jobs now go do it.”
Chapter 6
Cas: What do you mean dean.
I layed down not believing what I saw, a man in a trench coat, a blue tie, black hair and the most bluest of blue eyes, told me not to come here, fuck i thought imma get kidnapped. I closed my eyes and drifted into an uneasy sleep thinking about my past. Why was I left on her doorstep, did my family not want me? Did they not care if she didn’t take me in?, Will I ever know where I'm from?
You trade your passion for glory
"SAMMY SHUT YOUR CAKEHOLE!" Dean yelled at him. " Hey, Cas want me to take you home, you to Gabe?" "Sure Dean-O" Gabe said. " 1205 W. Main St."
What who?!?!?!?!
FLASHBACK
Baby, I could die a happy man
THIS IS NOT CHARLIE!
Oh, if all I got is your hand in my hand
“ So,” mr. Grath chuckled “ you all know each other, how may i ask?” Dean and Cas spoke up at the same time. “ We…” they stopped and began to laugh at each other. “ Bee you want to say it or should i?” Dean asked Cas.
The Date
END OF FLASHBACK
People are wanting to kill me Sammy
Or if I never get to see the Eiffel Tower at night
WHAT HAPPENED!?!
OH MY FATHER KNEW YOUR FATHERS.
Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past
Cas face was beet red and dean realized what he said so dean said something he always wanted to say, " cas, im gay and i realized it when i meet you and," dean was cut of by soft, moist lips, he realized it was Cas's lips. He backed up and then cas said, " glad you like me to dean because i realized i was gay a year after i met you." Then Dean put his big, strong hands on Cas's face and pulled him close and kissed him again, his tongue touched Cas's lips begging for entrance and cas let him in and they began to fight for dominance then they pulled away and Dean said, " Let me show you my favorite spot."
They got to the diner and walked in. “Hey Dean, the usual?” Some girl with blonde hair asked Dean. “ Nah. I'm gonna get something else.”  They went to a booth and sat down. The girl Named jo walked up to the two and handed them a menu. Dean did end up ordering his usual, a bacon burger and a milkshake. Cas got a cheeseburger and a coke. For dessert they had a pie. Then they got in the car and drove the mystery spot dean had shown when they met again. Dean stopped the car and looked at cas and said, “ Hey cas, do you think we moved a little too fast?” Cas shocked his head no. “ We moved as fast as we needed Dean and if you think we moved too fast then we can slow down some. But…” Cas leaned in and Dean did the same and they kissed. The kiss was smooth and sweet. Much too soon they had to break apart for air.  They looked at the time it was around 9 pm and cas sighed, “ Dean i have to go home soon.” Dean sighed knowing it was time to go home.
20 seconds before
I fell on my bed as I heard a soft voice say, “ How could she do that?” Then I opened my eyes to see the red haired woman in the corner. “ Hey, lady what is your name?” “ Dear, my name is
Love yall.
“You are 63 years old, and your name isn’t Charlie Newbrooke, your name is lily Campbell, yes you are a descendant of both the most amazing hunters, the Winchester's and the Campbell's. Also my name is Owen Porter. Don’t think you can leave darling. If you try calling those boys who will be killed."
People are wanting to kill me
Chapter 3
I normally don’t back down from a fight, but this time I wasn’t ready. I took my phone out and turned the brightest all the way down and texted sam. Baby Moose 😈
I looked at the red haired woman and said, “imma text the boys though i know they would just walk in.” I picked up my phone, and hit the contact Dean-O 😈
I remember the 1st time I heard the name Winchester, i was 15 my mom sat me down and said “ Honey we have to go to a grave today.”, because i was only 15  i didn’t know what that was. We got in the truck and met up with these people, Garth Fitzgerald IV, and his family, Jody, and a lot of people i didn’t know. A young boy no more than my age  walked up and said, “ Hi, I’m Sam Winchester’s son Dean jr. and before you say he was a murder, a killer, let me tell you what he really did, he was a hunter, and not a lot of people know what he and my uncle did. They saved people, yea they may have lost a hell of lot of people but they save a hell of a lot to. He never truly stopped doing his job, he taught me a lot, and some people still believe he was a horrible person, he wasn’t.”
Chapter 2
Anna Abbott.” Now that I knew her name a feeling washed over me. A feeling of knowing. “ Well Ms. Abbott, me and my family have a case to do. So you could stay here or tell me more about you but give me a minute.” i say as nice as i can to her then yelled, “BOYS GET YOUR ASSES IN HERE!”
She stared at me wide eyed. “Their dead, how am i going to know who i am?” As she was saying this her voice broke. “Hey, hey it’s okay I think i know who your parents are, but to show you I have a couple questions.” I told her, she nodded her head and asked, “What do you need char?” “I need a way out of here without getting myself killed, and with,” I moved my hand in a way so future me can come out. “Come on,” I told her. She came out of behind the old fashion bookcase. “Hey, hon. I’m her in 2030, also i wanna tell you, on Nov. 23rd of 2025 stay in the bedroom you share with your wife, don’t go to work.” After that she just disappeared, i didn’t know what was gonna happen why would i tell her, stay home unless….
She disappeared again, just as a knock on the door happened, a small voice was at the door, “Hey, may i come in.” I walked over to the door and said, “ I guess, but let me open it.” I opened the door and saw the most cutest thing, “uhh, umm, hi.” i said weirdly. The girl with one of the  bluest of blue eyes, and a cutest green eye. “Hi, do you go by charlie or lilly?” she asked me. “I go by my name Charlie.” “Oh then hi charlie. I’m Jo ellen but call me Jo.” “Wait are you named after the famous Harvelle's?” “Who are they?” she asked. I moved out from in front of the door so she could walk in, “Jo, come have a seat, and let me tell you about them. Wait who are your parents?” I asked. “All I know is the last name winchester.” “as in sam or dean?” “tell me about them please.” She asked me. I shook my head yes. “Where do I begin, uhm, Dean Winchester was born to a Mary and John Winchester, January 24th 1979, and 4 years later on May 2nd 1983 sam Winchester was born. 6 months later Mary winchester was killed,” i told her, “by the yellow eyed demon.” I whispered. “22 years later Dean shows up at Sam's place, and says, ‘Dad hasn’t been home in a few days, Dad’s on a hunting trip and hasn’t been home in a few days.’ and on that day, they began the story.” “Sam wanted to come back on monday, and he did, but he looked on the ceiling and saw his girlfriend Jess dead just like their mother. That’s when the story truly begins, they went on many cases all over the world, and when Dean was 28 his brother died and he sold his soul to save him, and when he was 29 he was killed by hellhounds, and when he was still 29, an angel named castiel, pulled him from hell, Dean stabbed him when they met but they soon became best friends, they saved the world many times, they met some angels, demons, witches, and more. They even saved Lucifer's son, Jack, who by the way is god now. Also they took Chuck's the man who was god, powers away. But about 30 years ago dean died on a hunting trip, vamps in masks, before that Castiel died saving dean and himself from billie who was death. Then about 10 years ago Sam died, and now we are here.”
the next day
"BANG"
I looked at the red haired woman and said, “imma text the boys though i know they would just walk in.” I picked up my phone, and hit the contact Dean-O 😈
still there?
Love you to.
20 seconds before
The last thing i heard was Daddy’s got you.” The man looked like he was 20 he can’t be my dad right it’s not possible, but then again we live in a world with monsters, angels. JACK. Fuck jack. I thought. “Okay Jack, I know you are busy, but I need help, this person kidnapped me. I don't know who it is. I need help.” That was the last thing I remembered.
WHO IN THE HELL IS THIS
Cas: hey, Dean i'm good i can't wait for tonight. Where are we going again?
I layed down not believing what I saw, a man in a trench coat, a blue tie, black hair and the most bluest of blue eyes, told me not to come here, fuck i thought imma get kidnapped. I closed my eyes and drifted into an uneasy sleep thinking about my past. Why was I left on her doorstep, did my family not want me? Did they not care if she didn’t take me in?, Will I ever know where I'm from?
HELLO BOYS.
Dean reached on his nightstand and grabbed his phone, opened it and searched his phone for cas's number. When he found it he called. (DEAN. Cas.)
Yea i tell you when you get here about to open that door and gank someone.
Anna Abbott.” Now that I knew her name a feeling washed over me. A feeling of knowing. “ Well Ms. Abbott, me and my family have a case to do. So you could stay here or tell me more about you but give me a minute.” i say as nice as i can to her then yelled, “BOYS GET YOUR ASSES IN HERE!”
hey are you here and did you knock?
At school
I put the phone down and looked up at her and stated, “ not them. Wanna help me find out and harm them?” Then she shocked her head so roughly i thought i would fly off, then she said something that made my blood boil. “Honey people are coming for you. Those are the people who have to hide.
That was almost 5 years ago. I live in the bunker they lived in with the rest of the team, we call ourselves Team free will 3.0, the last of the winchesters. “Hey guys, so get this.” Sam told the team, werewolves in Las Vegas¨, i shake my head, we heard how they went all over the united states, “Come on guys let’s go.” Before you ask, no they are my family i don’t love them like that, plus i take after my namesake. Anyhow, “guys let’s get in the impala.” Yes it’s the most famous car in the hunter world because of who it used to belong to. “DEAN, SAM, CAS, COME ON.” I yelled. We got in the car and drove to sin city.
“Charlie, baby where are you.” Someone yelled. “Right here.” I had yelled back, then this man came out of nowhere and said, “You will be useful soon, not right now but soon, in 10 years you will go to Las Vegas and hear this name Jack Key, and when you do just know you won’t be back until the day you see this,” Sees a picture of a circle with an X through it. “CHARLIE,”
END OF FLASHBACK
“Okay Ms. Abbott, what, who, and how are you here?” “Charlie dear, these questions will be answered in time for now worry about that man that is after you because of what you are.” “What am I? What the hell, I'm a human, I'm a hunter, no.” “Oh dear, you don’t know, one moment.” I began to yell “WAIT WHERE ARe you going.” She left, I tought. The one who can answer my questions is gone. Then she came back out of nowhere. “ Charlie you have to listen carefully, go to your bedroom here, call those dumb ass boys, run.” She told me calmly. “Wait why.” I crossed my arms. “Okay, then I guess I have to tell you Your part, witch, human and,” then she begins mumbling, “angel, and demon.” “WHAT!?!?” I yelled. Just then a knock came to the front door.
Dean climbs down from the tree he was in and walks toward where Marion was now located, as did everyone else. As Marion put her outer clothes back on, there was a weird atmosphere in the air. All in all, the end of the hunt was satisfactory but compared to everything else that happened over the last couple of days also feels anti-climatic.
let papnor c oi capimao
"We are in freakin crazy town," Dean mutters, walking up to the man with Sam's only response being to elbow him in the ribs, hard.
"It was Naomi," she says plainly, eliciting a reaction from the three men currently standing before her.
"I'll be there." His voice went deeper, and for a second, his eyes change, but she's careful not to react to it. Instead, she reaches up and brings her lips to his. It's not heated or anything, but hopefully, it's enough to convince him that nothing is out of place.
Sam thinks back at some of his happier moments, getting pulled into a memory that makes him want to smile, a memory of himself and 17 year old Dean after one of their first hunts without their dad.
“You requested to see me? I can’t imagine why? Many other people could help you with whatever thing you have dreamt up. Especially since I was in heaven lockin in a cell until not long ago, I imagine you also had something to do about that?" Naomi staring at Amara questioningly, trying to gauge what they were truly up to.
"I'm sorry, Cas."
"Talk like we're not going to make out of this alive. You sound like you did when God showed me what could happen," Sam rebuked.
1 George's Chili
He's been told time and time again by his brethren that the Winchester's and if he's honest, more specifically Dean, have made him weak over time, but he doesn't see it that way. If anything, being associated with the Winchester's has made him stronger, made him a better angel, and in general, just a better being. Without Winchester's, he wouldn't be as in tune with feelings that he shouldn't have as an angel, which has made him more empathetic to humanity and creation as a whole.
Sam doesn't see, but the three kids just exchange glances with one another and simply sit back against the back of the couch to watch the screen. Not saying another word and the air finally feels lighter, and Sam begrudgingly smiles a bit at the thought that maybe things will work out.
He's just flipping the last of the bacon as he hears the telltale sound of his brother's footsteps fast approaching.
The two of them worked with a comfortable feeling between them, working mostly in silence or making small talk which considering it was between an Angel and a Nephilim, went pretty okay. Jack even asked some follow up questions about what the holidays are like for Angels and heaven, wanting to know more about heaven and how it used to work since it had fundamentally changed over the last 15 years.
-------------------------------
Honestly, Dean should probably be against his son riding a motorcycle, his son, that's still going to take some getting used to. But, he doesn't even really know much about them, and the last thing he needs to do is start spouting of rules like he's some kind of authority. He doesn't want to be John.
"Kind of," the boy answers.
She's looking down at the city below, already dreading the journey that she will have to take to make it to the city. Couldn't the spell have dropped her just a little bit closer to her actual destination? Instead, she's stuck at the highest peak in the surrounding area. She takes a look at her immediate surroundings, ignoring the breathtaking view for a moment and is disheartened at what she saw, graffiti-covered logs and trash all over. It made her sad to see that so many humans disregard this place's beauty and left an ugly mark on it. Such a common thing for humanity not to take care of the world around them, disrupting the land's natural beauty.
1 ButterBurger Original
And let us raise ourselves
Cas studies Sam for a moment before nodding and heads for the door, turning back when his hand's on the door handle, "I'll bring him back when he's ready." Cas hesitates before directing his gaze to Marion and DJ, "We will figure this out, neither of you is going anywhere if I have anything to do about it."
"But why-" Sam starts but is sharply cut off.
"Good," Sam said with relief, having released a breath he didn't realize he was holding. Sam gave Cas a small smile. "Hopefully, he'll get some rest; heaven knows he needs it."
Jack nods in response, trying to convert that he's grateful.
DJ, for his part, didn't look annoyed or put out by Jack's enthusiasm; in fact, he was actively encouraging it by asking questions and engaging in the tales Jack's telling tales about his past three years on earth. What it was like in the beginning, how Dean had been angry at him for existing, how desperate he was to get Cas back not only because he chose him as a Father but because he thought it was the best way to make Dean happy. He went on to tell the whole story about the tombstone case, and none of the stories were very linear. Jack seemingly tried to word-vomit everything out at once, almost like he was afraid he wouldn't get the chance to finish his stories later.
"My kids, you're my kids, aren't you?" Dean whispers, just looking at them in a mix of shock fear.
Marion chimes in, rolling her eyes, "yes, it makes the most sense-"
"Ya, if you shot it with steroids."
"James, however, contacted me early this morning to really that the American Nakki evolved to be more a mix of a demonic Jinn than the siren analogy that we used yesterday. With a kiss, they are able to transfer some sort of toxin to the other person, which puts themselves in the mindset of living their fantasy by making them believe that doing the Nakki's bidding and sacrificing themselves is their fancy."
"Sam!"
Between the sinners and the saints
"So, we might want to get out of here before anyone sees us," Sam says as he rubs the back of his head. "I don't think we're going to be able to clean this mess up in a timely fashion effectively."
The voice of three,
There on the screen was an event advertisement with a photo of a Santa at the beach wearing swim trunks and holding a toboggan like it's a surfboard.
Marion thinks to herself before scrambling to save the situation.
Please leave a comment letting me know how you liked the chapter!
Angel's aren't meant to have feelings, and yet, there is an odd sensation spreading through Naomi, something akin to mourning if she were actually human. There may be many problems with Amara's plan and many instances where things could go wrong, but Naomi is going to dedicate all her energy and power to make sure she completes her goal, no matter the cost. To protect humanity just as God originally ordered.
Comfort and joy
"Though we're going to need to pick up our car from downtown, it's blasphemy that we've left it as long as we have."
DJ starts rummaging through his pack to look for something.
O tidings of comfort and joy
"You could when all this is over. Sam's gotten really good with the hacking and black hat tricks. I'm sure he could rig the system. Maybe get you enrolled in on-campus classes to get the experience. Hell, if he's already going to the trouble, maybe sign himself up as well, maybe actually get your Law degree." DJ's looking at Dean with wide eyes. That would be comical if it weren't for the genuine surprise being having something to look forward to with Chuck gone.
1 Lemon Ice with Peaches
"There names are DJ and Marion; apparently hunters, they found out what the thing is that we're hunting...." Sam trailed off when he noticed the look of complete shock on Cas' face like he's just been taken aback or saw something that shouldn't have been possible.
Jack contemplates Cas's words, guilt and remorse still coursing through him, making the room feel heavy. Jack thinks back to his conversations with Mary.
Dean just sent a glare to his brother; just because his brother was probably right doesn't mean that he needs to give him the satisfaction of knowing that. Dean watches as a young redheaded woman takes the stage, and he starts to have an uneasy feeling in his stomach because there is something familiar about her as well but can't place it.
"No, it's not, if you look for it when you get back, you'll notice that it's missing."
"Naomi used my Grace; she must have kept a portion of it when she was using her mind control; it probably made her job easier having constant access to my grace." Castiel paused, looking away from Dean and to the kids on the couch. "I can see it now; it's actually why your souls look so similar to Dean's with the way I had to patch him up when I rescued him from hell."
"The kid was a bit shifty about his relationship, and we immediately think monster, when in reality he was just hiding the fact he has a boyfriend." There is humour there, somewhere in that statement, but Dean's mind is still focused on the fact his son looks carefree. There was a look in his eyes, happiness that Dean doesn't think he's ever actually experienced, at least not in a real way.
They stood awkwardly for a few minutes, trying to see if they could spot any obvious outliers before the event officially started, but so far, nothing looked out of place. They were only waiting about fifteen minutes before a young woman dressed as some kind of character. Dean didn't recognize came onto the stage to provide an introduction to the event. People then started coming up on stage and performing their poetry; Dean actively tuned them out, instead, looking at the patrons' reactions to see if anybody stood out as acting odd or was taking tom much of an interest in one of the performers.
"That's exactly what I'm asking you to do, Naomi, protect what God created, only this time you're protecting it from God himself. I'm not sure exactly when my brother lost his way, but he's become more and more narcissistic as time has gone on; something about this universe has pushed his buttons, pushing him to break." Amara paused, looking back out onto the New York streets below.
"Souls indeed are one of a kind for each and every individual, but there can be generational similarities among strong lines, especially when there is interference," Cas answered softly, momentarily taking a look at Dean.
"Fine," he picks up a folder on the desk behind him. "This has everything we have on the drownings, including the addressed of next of kin, knock yourselves out, but I'm telling you you're wasting your time. You should try exploring the festival instead."
They continued to stare at each other intensely, Cas with fierce determination, and Dean with what can only be a glimmer of apprehension and hope breaking through from the debilitating fear.
Marion blinked slowly before answering. "A friend, a hunter, but they mostly act in a supporting role, doing research, scavaging for weapons and ingredients, basically being a ringmaster for fellow hunters."
"I can't tell you what to do, you could choose to destroy or put an end to whatever I've started, but the anger you are extruding seems to indicate that is no longer an option. If it were, you would have probably done it already. Or, you still can't access what I've done, and by the time you do, it would be too late, and interfering with my addition to plan to kill my brother will, in fact, result in my brother winning."
Trying to getaway
"Anyway, this is a poem that I was forced to write for a therapist that I was also forced to go to while my brother and I were in the lovely foster care system, moving around, not having parental figures can suck like a bitch, but my brother and I made it out alive, so I guess that's something." Dean could feel the bitterness of her words.
Sam just continues to look stunned, but mutters out a "fair enough."
small voice in Dean's head chimes in.
Dean looked contemplative for a moment. "Well, I guess that's it then." Dean looked at his glass a moment more before picking it up and downing the last of the liquid. "I think it's time that I head to bed, too, no telling what tomorrow actually has in store." Dean got up from his seat and walked around the table in the direction of his bedroom.
Before Dean could answer, DJ pipes up as he seemingly starts rummaging around in the bag, he insisted on bringing with him. "We move to the next one in the pattern. They won't try and return to the one they tried to use last night, at least not until they are sure that the area isn't being surveilled."
"Galaxy damn?
I say
"The coroner noted that it was weird because usually even with a suicide drowning, there would be evidence of some kind of struggle to stay alive as the body's natural fight instinct kicks in. But these four victims it was like they walked into the lake and breathed the water in calmly until they died," Sam stressed.
"The drowning, there have been four so far this week; we've been ordered to investigate," Sam answered.
And thankless jobs
"Okay, thanks kid, I'll call you back over if I still can't get it."
"You don't trust them? Then why let them meet?" Cas asked, surprised.
"Didn't feel like I was asleep that long. I don't even remember much about what I was dreaming about," Dean muttered to himself, trying to will his brain to remember the missing pieces but only remembers Cas dying and the mysterious woman.
"No, with this, I am telling the truth; I don't have any idea what you're talking about and by design. What I can tell you is that I did orchestrate a plan to help destroy my brother, but I have no memory of it."
"I don't believe I've seen you around before. Are you here just for the festival?"
"When I was 18, I went off on a simple hunt on my own because Dad wanted to take you out for some training exercises without me being there to distract you or whatever. I was reckless with the cash that I had earned hurtling and burned through the emergency money that Dad gave me."
Dean forces himself into a sitting position resulting in the blanket covering him falls to the ground; Cas must have covered him after falling asleep. He scrubs his hands across his face, rubbing the remainder of sleep from his eyes before getting up to stretch. The couch might have been a lot more comfortable than their standard motel experience, but it still was a long shot from the memory foam he has waiting for him back at the bunker.
Dean moved to turn off the stove and cover the remaining food to remain warm for Jack before taking a seat opposite Sam. Dean looks at his brother for a moment before responding.
"Yes, but more than that, the handprint was a physical manifestation of my grabbing you, but in doing so, my grace reached out to heal the wounds because I had touched you in my true form; it left a scar. But also traces of my grace that was working as bandaids, it's extremely rare for the grace not to react violently to contact with a human soul, to combat that it created a two-way bond."
You say
"You are looking for a
To save us all from Satan's pow'r
"Also, what do you mean by responsibility?" Cas adds, circling back to Marion's earlier statement.
"Fine, but if it starts turning into a giant therapy session, you're on your own" Sam rolls his eyes at Dean's antics and follows him out.
Jack is still clinging to Dean as Sam finally finds his voice.
"These blades were forged by ancient Scandinavian witches with the sole purpose being to infuse magic into what they create, including sigils, meaning that your Demon blade has nothing on these."
"You promised Ruby that you'd help her get out?" Dean barked out.
"I remember calling that fertility clinic a few years later, and they told me that there was a fire that destroyed all of their inventory of donations."
"At least that was the true intention, for there to be balanced in the universe, light and dark, but my brother has been focused on the darkness wanting to destroy and watch the world burn in its entirety instead of creating and watching things grow. My brother is treating freedom like it's a length of rope, and he wants humanity to hang itself with it."
"Marion is my first name, Naomi named me Marion Cassandra Winchester," there was a joking sound coming from Sam while Dean shot him a glare, careful not to meet Cas' eyes. "Marion obviously after Mary, but she didn't want to just stick with Mary because she believed it could become confusing. Cassandra, well, I think that's obvious; I think it was trying to make some amends or something, have your name mean something, honestly. She didn't explain why I think she thought it spoke for itself; she knew Cas meant a lot to you."
"She definitely looked scared of you!" Sam yelled at the tried to catch up with the suspects, almost knocking over an unsuspected elf in the process
When Dean was finally able to commandeer the music selection back to good old classic rock, Cas and Sam took it upon themselves to tell Jack various Christmas stories. Sam, of course, told him about Frosty the Snowman and Rudolph. In contrast, Cas took a much more literal note by explaining what Christmas was like for Angels and Heaven, which Dean admits was fascinating. Cas, of course, shooting a withering look at Dean when he suggested dressing up a generic Christmas tree angel in a trench coat. Still, he almost had to pull over to the side of the road when Jack, in all seriousness, suggested simply placing Castiel on top of the aforementioned Christmas tree to honour the Christmas tradition.
It dawns on Naomi that she basically must survive as a human to preserve her strength and only use grace when absolutely necessary to protect the viability of this mission and ensure that Dean Winchester's children make it back to the right universe.
Thoughts regarding the doppelgangers are probably going to become an unhealthy obsession for Sam. Why did he have to go through so much pain and suffering when another version of himself was so much better off. Thinking of his mother, Sam feels anger, not for her death but rather for her life. God had played God and handed his family the worst backstory just to keep himself entertained. Thinking deep, Sam can see the parallels between his life and his moms to a certain extent. Both his mom and himself fought against their fathers because they desired a healthy, non-hunting lifestyle, and while both got what they wanted for a time, both lives were destroyed by someone facing a fiery death. Why even let this universe have 'normal' lives if the whole purpose was to create chaos and despair? Why does his family have to suffer because the entity that is supposed to love humanity wants to be entertained by his version of a video game?
"So I can determine what Christmas means to me? It doesn't have to match anyone else's definition."
Marion suddenly looks like she has a thought, "I guess it's also important to know that having powers also come with some weaknesses, for example, an angel blade will do more damage to us than it would an average human but not as much damage as it would to an Angel. Also, anti angel warding and sigils will only incapacitate our powers, but we can still move freely-" She again is cut off by her brother.
"Wait, how do you even know about that? I wouldn't think Naimi would have known unless they were able to get a hold of Gabriel's memories somehow..." Sam trails of seeing the guilty and embarrassed expression on the kid's faces.
Naomi stares at the last item, "Is this really necessary?" Naomi asks with slight disdain in her voice, her stare turning into a slight glare at the box of books on the table.
