"Vampires! Pah. They do not even turn milk," Holmes said. Then he scowled. "Or there are no myths about them turning milk; you know my meaning." He threw himself back along the couch in a fit of pique. "This city has gone utterly insane."
was hardly the image I most wanted to call to mind just then, and I found myself wrinkling my nose in distaste.)
I could not give my true name if captured, and I had no convincing alias. I could by no means allow myself to be arrested. So I fled Takoradi that very night. I ran as fast and as silently as I could, making my way first along the beach and then inland across the coastal plain once I could find my way.
"I’ve done no more than follow my master’s lead," he said, a little defensively. "It’s just this isn’t as fine a part of town as it was thirty years ago, and it’s harder to fill all the beds. The affair with Mrs. Peace, with Mr. Sneed -- it’s a bit of a local legend, you see, and we’re so near the lecture hall where it all started. So I bang on the pipes now and again, or move the guests’ tobacco-pipes from the hearth to on top of the bureau when I go in to light the fires. Just enough to keep the town talking."
Holmes. Sherlock. My dearest. I offer them all to you, and other names beside; take whichever you most prefer.
He half twisted himself around to face me, but I placed my hands on his shoulder blades and forced him forward again. "Eyes forward until your breathing returns to normal," I said. Then, after a pause: "Why would you study bees if they're such a danger to you?"
"So I thought, when he told me the story as a boy years later, perhaps his imagination was run away with him. But there were some details I couldn’t so easily dismiss. His two friends with whom he was sharing rooms, they all went in to that scene together. They all worked for the railway and so their watches were set to the station-clock, within a second of each other; yet when they came out of that house, my uncle’s was forty-seven seconds ahead, and his friends’ more than a minute behind: one minute seventeen for the one, and one minute thirty-two for the other’s. And they were all in good enough health before, but they all came out the worse, and in such different ways as well: blinding headaches for one, and the other coughing up green phlegm for a month. My uncle got the worst of it, his hand mangled as if it had been caught in a vise though he swore nothing of the sort had happened."
"As if you would have other plans," Holmes said. Then, affected as an afterthought: "And Sherrinford is not the mystery we are investigating."
I nodded. “But my mother was a proud woman, and there was too little coin and too many obligations to meet them all easily. She put a premium on appearances, and he I think was most himself when he was pottering around that workshop in well-patched slacks.” I felt myself shrugging, as if he’d needed justification for excluding me, at that age. “Mycroft he allowed in, as his school-work required. I suppose I thought they’d let me in too if I only had a reason.”
Another act of penance, this time to the scapular head. “A skill you have much improved in the intervening years, I am sure, but at such a young age…”
I asked them where they found the gear, what it was for, and Kofi grinned up at me. “A gun!” he cried, “a great gun, as large as a cannon. We will fix it and sell it in Takoradi and bring back a caracal cat!” Then he asked me to help them, and I felt bile rise in my throat, though he didn’t seem to notice.
Fate could not be so cruel as this. It simply was not allowed. I had been prepared to risk the dreams' catching me at least, to risk my own death if it meant I could live with Holmes a little while longer, but never his. If I had but told him –
But Holmes is a man first and foremost, and though he is remarkably skilled at keeping the grit of sentiment from the lens that is his rational ability, any lens will have its own curvature, concave or convex and by some degree, and this too must be accounted for. I sometimes forget that myself, and it is good, I think, to remember.
"I’m sure I don’t know!" Lewis protested, and Holmes tapped his fingers together, as regular and unyielding as a musician’s metronome. At last something in Lewis’s expression broke. "But I’ve done nothing wrong, sir," he said, "nothing of consequence, surely."
Stepping over the glass shards from the window Holmes had broken to catch my attention, I threw open the door and made quick work of surveying the scene. Holmes was gasping for air, his eyes were wide with something akin to panic, but there was no injury I could see. Then my eyes fell upon the bee-stinger almost tucked under his rolled-up sleeve.  I plucked it out, but it seemed to be only a common bumblebee. Surely Holmes wasn't so daft as to work with bees if he was allergic to them? Or was he? I ran my hands along his back and throat but to no effect. His breathing was still laboured, and he braced both hands against the table for balance.
“And of having more reason to live long in his care.” I smiled drowsily down at him. “You’d like the estate in Sussex, you know. If you have so little experience with geese, perhaps we should correct that one of these days. I could be your protector. And they have sheep, and ducks besides.” Again, I felt more than saw the curve of those bristle-covered lips against my skin, knowing he was smiling at the sentiment that often overtook me between the combined intoxications of release and impending sleep.
that this table must be put to other uses is beyond me." She waited for him to move a small pile of clippings to a new home of his choosing before setting down the biscuits in their place.
He took a steadying breath. "Often enough guests will leave some small possession behind," he began at last. "We hold on to it for a time, and if it remains unclaimed, the more valuable pieces Master Haynes turns over to your Mr. Hudson. It’s his by rights if it lays unclaimed for six weeks, and we get a high enough class of guests, they won’t always send for their bits and bobs. The less worthy items he gives me to dispose of as I see fit. Well. I thought if he could earn some coin off our customers’ carelessness every now and again, so might I. Every little bit helps, after all." He puffed out his chest a bit at his own cleverness. "Mr. Hudson gave me a pound ten shilling for the whole box."
We spent the next ten days in Cardiff, speaking with every witness we could find to those curious events. Mr. Lewis’s uncle even let us subject his hand to a mild electric current, a procedure I had seen demonstrated at the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, and had been eager to try myself. But we made no more progress on the case of the unquiet dead, as Holmes had taken to calling it. Perhaps Mr. Dickens’s outlandish account was in fact true. Perhaps Mrs. Peace had been reanimated by one of those odd blue spirits he claimed to have witnessed and so had killed her own grandson without recognizing him as kin. Perhaps, too, Mr. Sneed had been murdered by them, his body thus inhabited; and brave Gwynneth had given her life to resist him, saving us all from their foul kind.
“Yes,” I lied. “I will help you.” I would help them smash it to bits if I could; at a minimum I would find some component I could destroy beyond all hope of repairing. I needed these boys to show me the gun they’d found; I would never find the blasted thing on my own. So we went, and I did as I had planned. A shame how the firing pin was bent beyond all recognition and the box of gunpowder was somehow kicked into a nearby tidal pool.
"Ghosts again," Holmes said derisively. "This whole case seems shot through with them. And for all this affair seemed a way to escape the lure of supernatural explanations that has so gripped our clients in London."
"The space is left empty," Lewis said. "They tore the house down, but no one would take the lot. And I meant what I said, sir. I truly don’t believe in spirits. Even when I don’t have a better explanation, talk of ghosts and such seems to raise more questions than it answers; I’d rather say I just don’t know. Still, when I sit and think about it, that affair with the watches does make me wonder, sometimes." And before either Holmes or I could answer, he nodded his courtesy and slipped out the door.
"That ‘nice man,’ as you name him, tried to convince me his milkman was a vampire. Simply because he spoke with a Romanian accent and had ever-so-slightly pointed teeth."
"And if our witness were not the famous author, but were someone less renowned, and less a figure in your personal past? Say, Evan Price, the stable-boy, who was certainly better situated to comment on his master’s behavior, were he still alive?" Holmes sat mutely. Someone who knew him less well than I might have thought he was considering my words, but I could see the obstinate set of his jaw. "Because I believe your imagination ties Dickens to your brother, and those long afternoons where a small boy sat perched on the edge of his chair, so aware and so desperate for any key that might predict when he would next snap."
And he was equally dead come morning. A gas line had exploded in the mortuary, wreaking all manner of havoc on the town’s recently departed and leaving two fresh corpses to add to their number: Sneed with his head caved in from a fallen ceiling-beam, and Gwynneth apparently dead from the fire itself. Price had insisted Master Sneed simply could not have done what they said. That he’d not hurt a fly, much less Gwynneth, for all his dour ways, and that the lights had been flickering in recent weeks anyway. Likely there was something wrong with the gas. And with neither suspected killers nor witnesses left to interview, the official investigation had petered out rather quietly. Even so, thirty-nine years later, people still would talk.
Holmes hummed in agreement. "Your theory, Watson, that Dickens meant these records to be found gains some credence. Mister Lewis, have you any idea why the papers only came to light now, nearly forty years later?"
(My brother Mycroft would hardly think me capable of such lethargy, devoid of energy and purpose; proof he had never observed me when I had no suitable puzzle to occupy my mind and the black moods fell upon me. Though
Night is nearly upon us here, and still I have not completed my tale. Miracle of miracles, I slept through the day, and then Kofi wanted to tell me of the slugs he’d found under a large stone, and I found myself quite obliged to hear him out. But now our little household is getting ready for sleep, and it seems the right time for somber reflection. More crucially, I made you a promise, and I have broken too many of those already. I should delay no further.
After Odessa I found myself without definitive leads, and thus, for the first time since our parting, without purpose. Van Dijk was not unknown in that city, and I told myself he was just the sort who might be useful to an international network like the Professor’s. He had a reputation for ruthlessness, a disdain for all vestiges of morality, and a skill at operating across national borders. Really, though, it was little more than a whim, and a chance to put some distance between those vast arrays of well-organized criminality. I took my chance and sailed for Takoradi as soon as I could book passage.
“I was four,” I started. “Or five? Quite young in any event, but just old enough to take an interest in my father’s laboratory. It was a hobby of his, you see, chemistry, and he’d converted an old carpentry shed into a workspace. The equipment was quite expensive, perhaps he didn’t think I’d take proper care; or perhaps he just enjoyed having a bit of space for own use.”
"And do not suggest you could go in alone, carry my watch in your pocket and take the risk solely on yourself. Losing you again would be worse still." I knew I was venturing dangerously into the sentimental, into those things we always left unsaid, but his determination to know at all costs was leaving me rather unnerved.
I knew when to leave well enough alone, and unlike some people, I could be intrigued by a mystery without it overwhelming all other considerations.
"Of course, sirs." Lewis rose to exit but paused at the door. "Perhaps it means nothing, but you told me to hold nothing back. It was the queerest thing. My uncle was one of the men who helped clear away the wreckage, looking for survivors that night after the mortuary exploded. A horrible business, to hear him describe it: limbs blown off their owners, and the smell of charred flesh all about.
"But surely that would serve Gabriel Sneed’s case. If Mrs. Peace was alive when her grandson was murdered -- "
“No; they were up by the house, framing the porch.” Somehow that thought had never occurred to me in all these years, that even had those chemicals got into the pond, that would hardly have violated my mother’s orders. “I was quite young,” I said in my defense.
A gun as large as a cannon could be only one of a few things, and given the size of the gear and the number of teeth, the likeliest option was a Gatling gun. It was not so unlikely, with a Dutch fort so nearby; imperial powers had used the great guns in their skirmishes between themselves, I knew, and had turned them just as often against the natives they deemed rebellious. It could have been abandoned so easily.
Holmes sat in silence, sharp-edged as a tempered blade. "I had my suspicions after you told me how he acted, that summer after his return. It reminded me too much of some men from my own regiment. So I had an old friend from my own days in Her Majesty’s service confirm my suspicions. Sherrinford was a commissioned cavalry officer in Johannesburg, and was sent into Rhodesia. He might have wanted to see a bit of the world, leave his mark on it in a way mere tourism would not allow, before he settled down to mind the family’s affairs in Cornwall. I do not know what he saw, of course, but I know the artillery sent into those conflicts. Mechanized guns with a truly fearsome power to take life. I can well imagine."
As the decades rolled on, though, I began to see the dreams in a different light. As a child I thought I was dreaming of dying, but twice I had been shot, and twice I found myself more alive than I was before. Candahar had brought me to Baker's Street; Ryder Street, to a truer perception of the man I was privileged to name as friend. (Was it friendship? That spark in his eyes had not been so dissimilar from the one I'd looked for in Anna's eyes as our love gave way to convenience.) When Holmes left London for Sussex and I followed him six months later, when I saw the gardens he had cultivated and the bees that followed and the greenhouse that might have been a tableau lifted from my dreams – I cannot say those sights gave me no pause, but they no longer deterred me as they once would have. They no longer made my chest fill with dread. I had lived a good, long life, and a small measure of time at Holmes' side was better than a long span of years without him.
I find myself once more in a civilized estate, with a bed and a pillow and a yam porridge and no small quantity of tea making their way through my stomach and intestines, so I will address you again in the civilized way.
"For my part I wish to speak with this Mrs. Smythe," I said. "You can never know what she has forgotten, or held back on purpose. And Augie Hudson as well. If Dickens’s account is our best source of information, I would know all I can about the circumstances surrounding its discovery."
Sherlock sat in silence, shaking his head in disbelief. "That sentimental fool," he said, then --almost as if hearing the words for the first time once they’d left his lips-- hurried to add: "I mean no disrespect, Watson. It is a noble thing, I’m sure, and it certainly did you honor. You are a medical man, after all. Well trained. But he had no
Then came the necessary interviews: with the retired police inspector, who had dismissed so readily the possibility of an unapprehended intruder in Sneed’s mortuary; with the Widow Wellington, the neighbor from across the road who had seen a man matching the great Mister Dickens’s description, along with his odd companion dressed in a natty jumper and trousers and not much else. And of course with Augie Hudson, who asked after our health and his sister’s and then promptly directed us to Ian Lewis, a jack-of-all-trades at the very inn where we were staying, who had sold him the documents.
know. But there are still avenues to explore. And even if it comes to that -- we might emulate our Mr. Lewis and admit our ignorance, should rational explanation evade us."
"An Inspector Hughes with the Cardiff police force has offered to send me some tissue samples they retained from the explosion. Yes, after all these years; some in their office have a modicum of competence. The samples are sure to be dessicated, possibly worse, but I will run what tests I can on them and see if they at last yield more light than smoke."
"I do not see how it could help," Holmes said, but I could see his mood shifting ever so slightly, like clouds letting in the first half-beams of light after a thunderstorm. Still portending future rain, perhaps, but for the moment letting a bit of sun shine through.
"I had a way about me," Holmes said, whether in explanation or defense even now I am not sure. "I acted older than my age, and often had even myself fooled. And Sherrinford never laid a hand upon me. I would sit by the window and read to him. Dickens, clearly. I did the voices, you see; it drew him out of himself better than most anything else, and it gave me a raft to cling to. It was summer, and I had the afternoons to fill; or to be filled for me, at our mother’s insistence. I most remember the rooms being unbearably still, and wishing I could escape to my chemistry set."
“You could accept help when it’s offered,” he said, his voice dropped a half-octave at the possibilities our current position suggested. “You could make it known when you need it. We do not all have your skill at seeing the near-invisible. And it would be a shame to lose such – sensation.”
This was not as macabre as it might at first seem. I was not blind to the true cost of illness and injury, the way a suffering body could torment even the most well-ordered mind, but I was also a butcher's son – and one with (I daresay) an uncommon gift for the natural sciences. If anything, my sensitivity on the first point drove me to turn an unflinching eye to places politer society would shy away from. I wanted to understand these bodies we were all bound to, and animals were not so dissimilar as to be useless to that task.
Watson gave a proper laugh, this time undeniable. “You might have scared him off the path, or waited until he lost interest and went away on his own. Or – “ He shook his head in disbelief and favored me with a quick kiss along my clavicle in contrition. “I remember. Four years of age.”
“The path was quite narrow,” I explained, “between the jasmine-bush and the wall of the pond, and narrower still on the other side. If I went round that way I knew I’d come out covered in sap, and as I said, my mother was a force to be reckoned with. So I opted for the more direct approach, which would hardly have posed a problem if not for the goose blocking the path.”
I am grateful to have you back among the living, and in London, and most of all to have joined you in Baker Street again. Though truly, Holmes. Dr. Verner? We must work on your powers of obfuscation, if that is the best alibi you can imagine to liberate me of my duties to my former life.  I assure you, it was quite unnecessary.
, Holmes," I insisted. "You really have so little regard for your own health, and for mine? Either there will be no effect of any kind after all these years, in which case we gain nothing; or else you risk a wholly unpredictable effect. We could well
I’d told him the stories behind each of these marks and others in moments like these, willing ablutions for the mischief I’d gotten into when he wasn’t there to watch over me. But some tales remained untold, the scars a testimony to the confidences we have still to share. And my Watson, my Boswell, is of course the master when it comes to words and story-telling, but I do love bearing my past to him like this. So I was not so surprised when he grasped at my thigh, pulling my leg against my chest so he could better see the puckered skin some six inches beneath my knee.
In Candahar's shadow I was happy to have the dark dreams that had plagued me since childhood. I knew from men I had fought beside that they were often troubled by darker dreams than mine, carved out of the waking life we had shared there. Of men gutted and children half-starved and a dozen other images I will not glorify by putting down on paper – images that pulled them from their proper rest and left them in a cold sweat. As a medical man I had arguably seen worse than most, but more often than not the dreams that pulled me from sleep were not bred in the war. The ferrous taste in my mouth that often accompanied danger was the same, but at least on waking I knew with a certainty that the dream was nothing more than a night-phantom.
Though to have his judgment on that point he’d have to admit me into his confidence and talk to me about the whole thing. At first he’d been all excitement, with not a hint of embarrassment or reserve, giving no indication the parcel was for his eyes only, but over tea our conversation had come to the letter I’d been answering. To my nephew Peter; I was sure he’d be married come spring, though he hadn’t yet admitted it, and thought Holmes might enjoy the clues that had led me to that conclusion.
Over the years Baker Street came to feel more and more like home, not merely as a stand-in for the one my childhood had failed to provide me but as a shelter in truth. Marriage would sometimes pull me away from Holmes for a season, but after Mary died and Anna declared she no longer wished to share a life with me I found myself slipping back with an almost alarming ease into our life together: shared breakfasts and late nights, the soot tracked in by his Baker Street Irregulars and sleep schedules disrupted by explosions. I'd followed him into windowless cellars and cabs with disreputable men I barely knew, all without hesitation because for some reason I couldn't quite lay my finger on I trusted him instinctively.
I ran my thumb along his lower lip. “Granted. And yes: I fought a goose. In retrospect I might have approached the situation otherwise, but at the time it seemed quite necessary.”
His thumb at my hip thrummed against my skin. “I know. I’ve seen.” I felt myself blushing; he had, and he remembered, of course he did. “Were the hydrangeas down by the pond as well?” he asked.
, taking the parts in turn. Holmes insisted it might be relevant to our recent investigation. Charles Dickens was writing it shortly after the strange events in Cardiff; it might give some insight into his frame of mind; and so on. I suspect, of course, that that is for show, but should Holmes discover something further, I have no doubt the
Kofi in particular gravitated to me, and brought his friends in his wake. They taught me the names of their stars, I drew them pictures in the ground of what they looked like from London, and when they asked me why the angles were so different (for surely the stars must be the same everywhere), I explained that the earth was like a globe, and here we were near its center so of course the angles would be different.
"Perhaps," Holmes said. "Well, Mister Lewis: I believe I am satisfied for the moment, though I may have more questions later. Will you give us the room for a few moments? I would discuss matters with Watson. And tell your master we would like to clarify a few points with him as well, when he will speak to us."
Naturally suspicion had fallen on Mr. Sneed. They had been alone in the house. He was newly deceased, and strangulation such a sudden way to die; it seemed unlikely (said the police reports) that someone could have escaped while he lay dying, or slipped out of the house unnoticed before Mr. Sneed claimed to have found the corpse. And Sneed was an undertaker, grisly work. Men drawn to it often had a certain temperament, didn’t they? (I thought of my own father, a butcher who’d had the spark of insight to sell organs from the higher mammals to medical schools when human cadavers were not forthcoming. How rarely those reputations were well-earned!) But Sneed had no motive and quite a lot to lose by assaulting a grieving relative in his own house. And he was a quiet man by all counts: widowed, a regular parishioner at St. Mary’s. Respectable.
"It may," I said. "Equally it may not. And you must reconcile yourself to the possibility that you may
Watson had let his arm fall while I was deep in those thoughts, and now the hand not resting on my hip was mapping other parts of my body. He wrapped his hand around my forearm, over the discolored skin from an acid burn, a relic of my university experiments. Then with his forefinger he tapped the uglier needle-pricks along my wrist, the price of a 7% solution. Caressed the well-healed knife wound on my shoulder, acquired in Surrey when I had only Hopkins for company but stitched by my doctor’s own hand.
Equally, perhaps too much of the evidence has been lost to time, and a true account is simply impossible. I will follow Lewis’s lead here, and declare that I do not know.
Lewis picked up a sheet and held it to the lamp. "No; we’ve had our own stock printed, blank but with a watermark in the corner. This looks to be Mr. Dickens’s own stock. Though the case you brought it in -- now that
"And hot tea waits for no man," I said. He scowled at that, not unfondly, and started clearing the table in earnest.
One of the captives was knocked off the pier, and whether she drowned or was recaptured I never learned. The other two made it at least as far as the warehouses, so I hold out some hope they were able to escape. But the first’s splash into the water called back the guard who’d stepped away, and the pier as I said was well-lighted. I was spotted; seen; perhaps recognized. I had no way of knowing if these women had been seized off the street or if they’d perhaps been acquired through more legal means. Were they the victims of lawful commerce (for who knows better than you and I the great distance between
First: I am now in a small village not far inland from the African Gold Coast. If I was ever told its name I did not commit it to memory. We are perhaps a half-day’s walk from Takoradi, and for me that was its chief and only attraction. You might question the wisdom of a white-faced European seeking anonymity in a small African village, but the cacao-beans they grow here are much sought-after, so my presence here, while unusual, can easily be explained.
"I thought I might go up to Cardiff for the new year," he said, apropos of nothing at all so far as I could tell. He effected a passable imitation of a smile. But …
I thought of the boys putting it together with the gear, thought of my own part in its repair: every bit the necessary component as the gear we’d recreated. I thought of them firing it by accident. One of their bodies would scarcely slow a Gatling round at all. A stone wall would scarcely slow it. And this is what they thought to play at fixing.
life, Holmes. Why is it so important to you to know? You have had other cases you could not solve before."
"So you know, to Mr. Holmes, the smallest detail can often prove invaluable." Still he hesitated. He was too young to be a genuine suspect, of course, but he was certainly holding something back. "If there is anything you can add," I urged him, "something you might have thought trivial at the time perhaps, we would be most grateful."
At last the disparate strands were starting to come together, Holmes’s interest in that particular author and his reluctance to let me in once confronted with the papers’ arrival, his drive to make rational sense of the mysterious deaths and his growing irritation with the superstitious turn so much of London had taken with the approaching century’s end. I would make my own investigations into this family history, but I could do that on my own time and in my own way. "Very well," I said, wrinkling my nose in exaggerated disgust. "To Cardiff."
But when at last we came back to their village, I was confronted by my own luggage with the drawings of Salvator’s pistol secreted inside. I had spent a pleasant afternoon glibly refashioning the necessary components of a similar weapon, so absorbed in the geometry and physics of it that I was blinded to its intended purpose. A skilled artillery officer could fire hundreds of rounds with such a gun in a matter of minutes; they were merciless and efficient. So, too, was Salvator’s pistol that I had so admired.
and sole excuse for staying in the area, which I quite liked. I missed London and you, but even the most diligent of men must on occasion take a sabbath’s rest. But more and more, when I had no pressing need to venture into the greater city, I found myself content to stay in their little village.
Ajua was true to her word, and a board that could serve as a lap-desk along with some small supply of paper was found; and I have been true to mine, and written out the letters I had previously only composed in my mind. Now there is nothing left to continue with my account. It is my turn to be the storyteller, it seems, and yours to serve as judge. The ‘features of interest,’ as you so often had me say, are these.
"Would that we could," I laughed. "But I have patients still, and you still owe the grocer’s bill. And we have social duties as well: Mycroft has asked us round to his club tonight for Christmas drinks. Are you sure you won’t join us?"
)? Even if van Dijk had not acted in-bounds of the law, men such as he have always had a way of finding sympathetic magistrates.
“Indeed, but she didn’t seem to mind. Cared more for her art than the good opinion of her neighbors, a sentiment I can certainly understand. We got along quite well, until I went off to school myself and she moved down to St. Giles, and married a railway engineer. But that is another story entirely.” Someday I would direct Watson’s attention to the line on my left heel, sliced open on a conch shell and treated with a poultice Josie had prepared for me; the scar was so faint, he would never notice it unaided.
," Holmes said at last, as if this was a sufficient explanation. I knew better and, after a lifetime justifying his predicaments to me, he knew I didn't know. His voice was a little louder than before, though, even if it was still a little raspy for my comfort – that was something. "
I crumpled the sketches into a tight ball and threw them into the fire, watching them reduce to ash. My copy is gone; but my quiet admiration for the workmanship remains, an indelible image in my mind. This is the fruit of our age of science and reason: tools that can kill great numbers of people in the shortest amount of time possible. And I too must bear its mark. Am I not after all a great advocate of this same science?
That actually earned a rare chuckle from Holmes. "A sensible man would have traded me in years ago."
"The watches bother me as well," he said. "That the gears were undamaged - their watches could only become unsynchronized if they reset them manually. But to what end? Why lie?" He rubbed at his chin, a gesture I had come to associate with him considering various options, and I rather suspected I was not going to like what came next.
"Or perhaps Miss Davies witnessed something that Sneed wished to remain hidden, and in trying to silence her he caused his own death as well. Or perhaps there was some other party at work in their deaths. But that is not the story as Charles Dickens relates it, and he was so sure of what he saw! You saw it in his writing, of course, but look how he canceled his engagements and rushed home to his family. And how he took those hours to record what he saw, preserved the pages so they’d be found, even when his account could well make him appear the fool. To write of ghosts wandering the streets of Cardiff; or worse yet, beings from another planet!"
The effect was almost immediate. I sat down behind him and pulled him into a sitting position, massaging his chest, but from the way his breathing was evening out and his body had stopped shaking from the exertion of  dragging breath past his constricting throat, those efforts were almost unnecessary. I held him anyway, leaning close against his back and inhaling the scent of him as I traced curlicues along his wrist that I assured myself were soothing enough to count as medically pragmatic.
"And I never mentioned the garroting I once investigated in Bethnal Green," he said peevishly, "just because we we happened to be in Trafalgar Square. The Holmes-stead was nearly two days’ away by hansom."
Knowing me as he did and knowing the time his research would require, Mycroft had included other scraps of intelligence quite unrelated to Ivanov. They were diversions, no doubt, but kindly intended. And one such report concerned Salvator, at that time working in Vienna. He had developed a new weapon, little more than a prototype, but Mycroft had procured some preliminary sketches and asked me to examine them. Again, a tactic and a kindness, all in one. He suggested I procure some space in one of the university laboratories, construct a gun after their design and examine it for mechanical liabilities.
I looked up in surprise, but Holmes’s questions had not been directed toward me. Mrs. Hudson had slipped in, unnoticed, and was now standing by the table, the tea-tray balanced against her hip. Certainly there wasn’t a clear surface large enough for the sugar pot, much less the full service and the plate of lemon biscuits she was eager to set down.
This was hardly unusual. As always, I was content to melt into the cocoon of blankets Watson fashioned for me, letting him clean us off and see to other necessary practicalities as I lay there, waiting for his welcome warmth beside me and capable of little else as the haze of our amorous congress for once held all other thoughts at bay.  And now that he’d joined me once more, why should I think of anything beyond this bed? With his breath ghosting across my shoulders, his callused thumb tracing over my hip, first the
“You’ll notice my more recent scars,” I said. “The after-effects of infection are much less common. Nearly nonexistent, I’d say.”
There often was. Beside me, Holmes leaned back in his chair, adopting a more welcoming stance. For my part I met the man’s gaze, inviting him to look at me and ignore Holmes for the moment, judging that of the two of us, even in my irritation I must be the less imposing audience. "You seem a decent man," I said. "I’m sure you’ve done nothing to warrant such discomfort."
I am, it seems, at last on the mend. The sun has arisen and so have I. I have had my breakfast, a mash of plantains and maize fried into a fritter (surprisingly good) and a chocolate drink that is oversweet to my tastes but Kofi quite likes. The doctor has come and gone, too, and pronounced me fit enough to move from my bed and into a chair, so long as I do not move overmuch and have the necessary help to keep from putting much weight on it. He is not wholly incompetent, though neither is he you. And he says I might walk some distance with a cane in three weeks’ time. This is what now passes for hope.
On rare occasions, I feel obliged to relate a case without being able to offer a satisfactory resolution. This happens in fact more often than the written record would suggest because I often see little enough value in dwelling on Holmes’s failure, either in instructing the reader or even in providing a thrilling story for their enjoyment. But the case of the unquiet dead, as Holmes took to calling it, is worth remembering. Those familiar with my accounts would be forgiven to think Holmes some sort of calculating machine, where forensic detail is put in, computed upon by his remarkable mind, and out pops the correct conclusion so justice might be served, with no hint of bias or even perspective.
, and this time I did not hold back. “I would have thought whatever misadventure marked you so would have dulled the nerves as well.” A kiss to the nape of my neck, a manipulation clearly meant to make me more amenable to sharing, but I hardly minded.
Third: Boots making their way across unseen country have a way of catching under tree-roots, and thigh-bones, when thrown down with a body’s full inertia and caught vice-like between said root systems and the tree-trunk have a way of breaking, no matter how much their owners need them in sufficient condition to run. And when one hopes to escape unnoticed into the wilds; well. It is best to take caution, lest your wish be granted. I laid in that field for two days, quite unable to walk or even to crawl, and now we come to the incident with which I started my story. I didn’t know which I feared more, being found and falling under the sway of a man like van Dijk, or lying there unnoticed until at last Proserpina delivered me to her lord’s dominion.
"And Llewellyn’s, the man with the Cardiff force? And in light of Dickens’ account? Watson, I do not like not knowing."
"And why were we in Cornwall to begin with? You had said my nerves needed a rest. Do you really believe a visit with a brother I’ve not spoken to in some three decades would have served that purpose well?" Thinking on my own rare meetings with Harry, I was hard-pressed to disagree, but I would not let him off the hook so easily by admitting it. A long silent pause, the air as thick with expectations as our rooms in Baker Street had been with the scent of fir, until at last:
I admired the man I thought died at Reichenbach, but it is no great leap (if you will pardon the wordplay) to say I more truly love the man who returned. Would that he had endured such growth beside me rather than continents away; but that is a well-hashed argument I must do my best to set aside.
"Watson," Holmes gasped more quietly this time. "Adrena – adren – " Stumbling forward, he tried to open a drawer on the other side of the table. He lost his balance and fell to the floor, but I saw well enough what he'd been fumbling for. Opening the table-drawer properly, I took out a syringe he must have left there and kneeled beside him. I held the syringe up and he nodded, so without wasting further time I injected it into his forearm.
I am grateful, too, that you chose to share these accounts with me. Do not concern yourself with the delay; baring your truest soul to another can be a frightful thing, no matter how well you trust him, and I can well imagine you needed these last months to assure yourself they would be well received. If my words carry any weight here, you have them: I welcomed this insight into your time away, and more than that, this insight into
"Oh, humbug!" Holmes exclaimed. Sitting up, he took the letter from my hand and skimmed it. "I thought she might shed some light on the affair. A mask made to look like a dead woman, blue vapor released on cue from a box hidden under her chair: a trained illusionist could certainly manage it. And it gave the audience a thrill; more than the full reading would have, I’d imagine. The organizing committee might have arranged it beforehand. But Mrs. Smythe says she knew of no such plan, and she can hardly believe her mother would have been involved in any such affair. The elder Mrs. Smythe was apparently the height of propriety. Her daughter, our Liza, on the other hand, describes herself as ‘
But as soon as Sherlock was able to stand up in the water, the Cornucopia began to spin, and a giant wave began to form.
He knew the deepest, darkest parts of John, and knew for a fact that everyone was going to vote for John’s freedom; John was practically a golden boy compared to Sherlock. When it came to John, Sherlock had never been concerned about where he would end up.
Harriet Catherine Watson stumbled through the jungle, the weight of Sherlock on her back. Her sight was growing worse and worse by the second, images swirling and spinning and making absolutely no sense at all. Her head felt like it had dislocated itself from her body as she moved – like her eyes and her mind couldn’t keep up with the rest of her…
Harry. They would banter when in the same room, but they never truly conversed until John was reaped for the Games. Then suddenly Harry was on his doorstep, and simple banter wasn’t going to cut it. She wanted serious conversation – she needed serious conversation, and all the empathy Sherlock could provide. As sick as it was, they bonded over that – over John’s potential future televised death and how much they didn’t want it to happen.
The first thing Sherlock noticed as he entered the conference room was the fact that the Capitol’s paparazzi was in full swing, despite what John had said the day before – taking pictures of him as he tried to slip into the room unnoticed.
“Yeah – when she learned that her ability to hear was permanently lost, she was distraught and I mean, I think all of us felt that way, coming out of the Arena to learn that a part of you wasn’t able to be saved. But we all toughed it out, and even though Clover had a lot more work to do, she did, too. By the time the Victory Tour came around, it came out that she had developed a whole language with her hands, and everyone in District Ten was using it. Now all the mentors know how to sign, as well.”
Thankfully, that was where the morphling came in handy, and Sherlock had access to the supply, thanks to a Capitol man (of whom Sherlock kept forgetting the name of) who had moved to District 12 after the rebellion. He had been in the audience, that night, and had been shot in the leg by a stray bullet in the commotion – Sherlock had deduced that the man was using morphling for the pain, so when Sherlock ran into the man one day while running errands, and the man told Sherlock that if he needed anything to let him know, Sherlock took advantage. The man never wanted anything in return – he was just thankful to be in the presence of Sherlock Holmes, if only for a few minutes.
Sherlock didn’t even have the pessimism to tell him that no, they were in fact very far from “did it”, or that they at the very least needed to find Harry Watson in the Arena; he didn’t even care that they still had a long way to go – they had survived the Bloodbath – easily the hardest part of the Games to survive. They should be allowed to celebrate – they had won this small portion of –
“We’ll get arrested,” John whispered, and though it was probably a legitimate concern, Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle. John smiled, too; one of his real smiles that only Sherlock ever saw anymore. “Like,
Sherlock’s heart was pounding in his ears as he watched her grab onto his name, pull her hand out of the bowl, and open the slip of paper.
John was still letting Sherlock sleep in his room, which Sherlock was grateful for, but it seemed as if the dynamic between them had changed. They never spoke of themselves, or what they were going to lose – really, they only spoke about John’s mentoring duties, and of Charles Augustus and Hannibal Lecter Magnussen.
“Because Helen told me – the night of the interviews, she told me. She took me aside and told me what he did to her, because she knew what he did to me. He... She said he liked her the most because she could...” He snapped his eyes shut, trying to keep from crying more than what was absolutely necessary. “She had the strength to abort any pregnancies that he forced on her. She...she said he’s never gone after a boy before. He…he wants me because we can’t reproduce – and if he wins the Games he’ll be too famous to do what he’s been doing in secret – everyone would find out, especially if there’s babies involved. Mycroft – he’s replacing her – he’s replacing all of those girls – with me. And he’s already promised to beat me and do what he did to those girls to me once he wins the Games.”
He nodded, taking the sword from her, and she looked back at Magnussen, cleared her throat, and stepped forward, and he walked around her, putting the space between them right in front of Sherlock.
“Yeah – fine,” she said quickly, snapping back to her usual self. “I’m okay.” And then, everything clicked in her head, and she froze, staring at Louise with widened eyes. “Oh my god – are
didn’t want to go hear whatever Hannibal had to say, especially not alone. But if Dean was right, and Hannibal’s statement
“There is a reason for holding a separate service for Mycroft, and it’s important that this reason is known: Mycroft Holmes was the leader of the Mockingjay Rebellion. He started everything nine years ago, after being declared the winner of the sixty-sixth Hunger Games. He planned everything out; he traveled to each District and made alliances, he did all of the work, and we wouldn’t be here – we wouldn’t be
"Well spotted," Holmes said, his voice rich in feigned respect. Then, giving my arm a good-natured squeeze to assure me of his good humor, he continued, "You imagine a dowager’s jewels stolen out of her very house -- in Cardiff, Watson, truly? -- or murder most foul. Whereas I am as easily enthralled by those odd dancing men Hilton Cubitt found scrawled on his windowsill in Norfolk."
He shrugged again, the second time inside a quarter-hour. It unnerved me, but I let it pass. "It was the unpredictability of it all more than anything. I quite liked rule and order, even then.” In an obvious (some might say artless, for him) effort to lighten our conversation he added, "But I quite liked doing the voices -- well, you said once that the stage lost a great talent when I took up the investigative sciences. We did
“Perhaps,” Watson answered; “or perhaps not. Father Joseph would argue otherwise, don’t you think?” We had spoke on more than one occasion of the chaplain he’d known in Afghanistan, how he’d taken such a progressive view of the comforts men engaged in her majesty’s service might take in each other’s company. Watson had been impressed by his pragmatic streak, and his sympathy for the daughters of a nearby village who could not easily reject a soldier’s attentions. But even his Father Joseph would have fallen short of sanctioning what had grown between Watson and myself, so many years of acquaintance and growing intimacies that surely by now approached the sacramental. Disordered, he would call us, and think himself being kind in that mild condemnation.
.’ I would have thought our earlier activities would have provided the primary point of contention.”
When my quarries were ensconced in more formal social circles such delays were often a necessary evil, as was the case in Budapest. There I suspected a gentleman art-dealer named Ivanov of selling antiquities smuggled out of Istanbul and Odessa. He seemed a likely intermediary between various Russian elements of our old friend’s criminal web. In this instance my suspicion was well-founded (indeed, correct), and Ivanov’s own enterprise was extensive enough, I could not simply lurk on the periphery as I had with van Dijk. No, to investigate him properly required a precise operation, and for that I needed information; hence, Mycroft, and even Mycroft could not assemble that information in a moment.
Ajua says I should rest and has promised to bring me paper and pencil when I’m well enough to sit, if I will just stop this trace-writing now. Sleep seldom means rest these days, but I suppose it cannot be avoided forever. I will return.
"I never thought to hear of those oddments again. And I still don’t see as I’ve done anything wrong, by selling them. But there is something else."
"Chemical gases can have odd effects," I said. "It may come to nothing, but we will certainly investigate, and will let you know what comes of it. Who occupies the mortuary now?"
"Certain details led me to believe him. Claims borne out in the official records, which he would have no way of knowing if he were not also a witness. And Dickens was in town that night, engaged for a dramatic reading of his
You asked for my judgement on your actions, as a soldier. As a soldier I can only say such judgement cannot be easily rendered. We are all fighting our own wars within ourselves, soldier and citizen alike, and those of us who fight the external war as well must often act
I didn't deign to answer him, both because I was still frustrated that he'd been so careless with his own well-being and because of the simple futility of it all. What words could I say in that moment? If Holmes had ever guessed the true nature of my dreams he had not spoken of it. A part of me yearned to tell him, but the time didn't seem right. I wanted to laugh, to match his chuckle with a joy that had been long growing within me.
That earned a smile. She set the tea service in my as-yet-unoccupied chair, then crossed the room to deposit her parcel on the ottoman before Holmes’s chair by the fire. "Augie bought it from an innkeeper in town. Named it ‘rubbish’ so he got a good price, though of course he knew better. Said it might be of some literary note. Though" -- here she nodded at the VR etched in bullet-holes along the far wall, and I wondered how infamous that story was among her relations and friends -- "though it was the more criminal elements he thought might spare my sitting-room walls another assault."
That was just the kind of word-play Holmes knew I loved to engage in, but I would not be distracted by his bauble. "We’d have made it in one by train," I said. "Less still if we’d hired one of those new mechanised carriages you’ve been keen to try."
to reply – but the words were not quite intelligible even in my own ear. Perhaps it was just a contented sigh. Would he understand? Deciding something more definite was called for, I added, “Where public rites are deemed inapplicable, private ones must suffice. As we have well proven.”
Or perhaps I only desire your attention, your kind eyes and your knowing smile and the flutter of your breath, rich with brandy, against the back of my neck, as you leaned over my chair to point out some story in the day’s papers, back in our shared rooms in Baker Street. (On that last point, there is no ‘perhaps.’) I should tell you how I came to be here; that is after all the whole point of my constructing this account – but just now I am quite hung up on a single thought. My paper is thick, so very thick, and so rough beneath my fingers. I wonder what skill-less dolt could have manufactured it, or indeed purchased it. I can’t imagine it was me.
We had years to learn each other's secrets, I realized with a giddy thrill. My dreams may have heralded death, but it was a partial death and one accompanied by rebirth, the excision of scar tissue that kept me from healing into a better sort of man. And Holmes would be there at each step along the way, to catch me and hold me as I found my balance as he always had. The words would come, and I would share them when he'd have no cause to think them the fumblings of a brain overexcited in the wake of his near-death. Just then I said nothing, choosing instead to hold him against me and breathe in the unique smell of tobacco-smoke and lye and pollen that was Holmes.
I had to admit I was pretty stunned, I mean this was Sherlock. Mr blocks-all-emotion but that, that was alot of emotion. Gees, how come me? I'm just a normal boreing person, what's so special about me? "John." Sherlock murmured "mmm" I replied. "Dont think like that. Your my John." I could just look up and see his face, his eyes where still shut and he looked peaceful. "I could feel your face contort into confusion." He answered my unspoken question. I couldn't help but smirk. His John, I liked that. Eventually Sherlock began to fidget, I didnt think it would take long, he isnt the one to stay still. "Tea?" I suggested. "Please" Sherlock nodded I tried not to laught, he said please. I untangled myself from his long arms and legs. "I better have a shower frist." I could feel the come drying in my pants. I headed off to the bathroom only to find Sherlock following me that look of curisity across his face I smirked and gestured he could join me if he liked. A flare of excitement flashed threw his eyes. It was certainly a diffrent experience having to lead Sherlock, normally I'm the one trying to keep up with him. I stepped into the shower frist followed by Sherlock, I grabbed the washer and washed the dried come off. Sherlock slid his arms around my waist and lent his head on my shoulder watching. It was exciting and nerve racking all at the same time. He slid his hands down my waist. He gently took me in his hands, I instantly became hard in his hands. I could feel him hardening into my back. I lent back into him nuzzling my face into his neck letting his curly hair cover my face. He spread his long fingers across my chest with one hand while gently stroking me with the other. He ran his hand gently down my length, he was so gentle and everywhere he touched me felt like electricity between us. I reached my hand into his curls grabbing a handful of his hair, I groaned as he pulled me closer to him. He started to move faster as he kissed and nibbled my neck, it was bliss been surrounded by him. "John." He whispered, I had to swallow hard to answer him yet all I could manage was a rough "mmm" he too took a nervous hard swallow. "Am I doing this right?" I dont know why but his voice turned me on even more then I thought possible. "Oh god yes, Sherlock your amazing!" I answered my voice so rough but I couldn't help it. He ran his thumb over the top of my head which made me pull his hair in pleasure and some weird noise echo from my throat. I felt Sherlock smile into my neck as he did it again. I grabbed his arm to keep me stable as he moved faster and faster I lost control and came all over his hand. If Sherlock wasn't holding me I was sure I would have ended up on the shower floor as my knees gave way. Instead he wrapped both his arms around me and pulled me tightly into him. This, this was perfect. I thought. I got my balance back and finished our shower. Sherlock had a silly smile plastered on his face and im pretty sure I did too.
"It's my job Captain, now do yours and give me a medical report on my team." The Major demanded, Watson huffed.
I could feel someone staring at me, I moved uncomfortably in my seat. I hated the trains, reminded me of trucks we would get crammed into in Afghanistan, at least this time I didn't have full combat gear on. I quickly looked up from my paper to the eyes I could feel on me, expecting some drunk weirdo. I was kinda confused as a set of steal eyes were set on me framed with a thick head of dark curls and a pale face. He wasn't been creepy but I don't know, he was just looking curiously I guess. He didn't seem harmful so I took a breath and went back to my paper. I could still feel his eyes on me, I remembered the large bruise on my cheek was on that side of my face. My eyes flicked to my arm to make sure the scars weren't visible, my long sleeve shirt hid them. I reminded myself people could only see the bruise on my face, they couldn't see the rest. Thankfully it was my stop next so I folded up my paper which I hadn't actually read much of, ready to get off at the next stop. In the hustle and bustle of London I pushed the guy on train out of my mind, I checked my phone it was Baker St, 221B Baker St. I checked the maps on my phone, damn I had taken a left turn instead of a right turn. I walked back down the street and finally found the place. I was about to knock when a familiar feeling of been watched came across me, I turned to stare straight into the same eyes from the train. This time I realised how tall and thin he was but there was something about those eyes, like he was taking in my every detail in some child like fascination. Suddenly they turned to annoyance and I realised he had asked me a question. "Sorry." I mumbled. "Your John Watson." He stated. "Yes and you are?" I asked trying not to be slightly creeped out. "Sherlock Holmes." He simply answered. Oh shit, I thought, this is the guy who is after a flat mate, the guy I have some to see.
"I requested you." Her voice sweetly replied. Watson nodded and grabbed the phone of the wall beside the door, gently giving orders over the phone for a Beta or Omega nurse, a Heat Room to be prepared and the corridor to be monitored. Once the Beta nurse turned up the room was silent as they worked, Watson checked the X-ray before pulling the knife out and sewing the hole up.
I didnt own a lot so it didnt take long for me to move into Baker St. Two suitcases and my duffle bag, I was pretty stoked as the clinic was in walking distance and the rent was quite cheap even if my flat mate was, well crazy. I had just shoved my poly's (authors note- poly's are the Polyester uniform or formal uniform for army personelle) and my CAM uniform in the back of the cupboard, I don't know why I kept them, and was shoving my now empty suitcase into the top of the cupboard when Sherlock appeared at the door. "Im off to Scotland Yard." He stood watching me, "Is everything ok?" I asked concerned for my new flatmate. "Yes, just this case, I need to see the body again." He watched me through those unshakeable eyes. "Um, good luck, I guess." Looking around the bare room for something to do. "Did you want to come." He offered. "God yes!" I had no idea why I was so excited but I hadnt been to Scotland Yard before. I grabbed my jacket as I followed Sherlock out. I kinda felt like a child again, I just couldn't explain it. Sherlock stepped into Scotland Yard like he owned the place, no one stopped him or even questioned him until we were two floors down. "Oh, the freak is here." A female voice called out. Sherlock ingored her heading straight towards the morgue. "Oi! Freak, this isnt a place to bring a date you know!" She caught up grabbing Sherlock's arm guesturing to me. "This is Doctor John Watson, he is a doctor not a 'date'." Sherlock replied "Ah, Sherlock, this way." A voice ahead called out. "I got your message, but I don't know why you need to see the body again. This is a closed case." The man questioned Sherlock yet wasnt stopping him. "Lastrade, He didnt kill himself." Sherlock simply replied. "Sherlock, you need to be careful with this. I mean a  Beefeaters murdered has a huge effect." The man I'm assuming is Lestrade, opened the door to the morgue finally noticing me. "Who are you?" He asked. "This is Doctor John Watson." Sherlock replied as if everyone should already know. "He isnt cleared for this, is he?" Lestrade questioned. "Of course he is." Sherlock waved me over as he opened one of the draws. "Tell me Doctor Watson, what do you see?" Sherlock asked me slipping on some gloves, Lestrade watching me intently. I pushed my shoulders back and cleared my throat while I too slipped gloves on. I noticed staright away he had rope burn across his throat,  suicide by hanging was my frist though but Sherlock said he hadn't so I kept looking. He certainly had a lot of bruises on him. I know nothing about hangings but in things I have read they only use one rope and I could swear I could see a second rope mark on the side of his neck. I whispered to Sherlock, "Was he strangled 1st?" I pointed out what looked like a second rope mark. Sherlock looked where I was pointing and smirked. "Perfect, the rigamortus would have hidden that." Sherlock's eyes shone. "Lestrade, Doctor Watson and I have deducted that this man was murdered, strangled in fact by the same man who beat him up the week before he was murdered." Sherlock announced. "Oh shit Sherlock, this is going to be a nightmare, the media are going to have a field day thinking Beefeaters are been targeted." Lestrade rubbed his forehead. "This man wasn't beaten or murdered because he was a Beefeater, he was beaten because he is gay." Sherlock replied ripping his gloves off making a loud slapping noise and started to head out. I quickly ripped my gloves off and thanked Lestrade for his time as I ran to catch up with Sherlock. "How was the date freak?" The woman's voice from earier met us at the evevator. "Im sorry but thats extremely rude, especially coming from an Officer of the Law. One would expected a more professional attitude." I suddenly answered surprising my self. She looked at me stunned as we got in the evevator and the doors closed. "omg, did you see her face!" I looked at Sherlock who as trying hard not to laugh. "You know she is a Detective Sargent." Sherlock smirked at me. "Oh shit! Can I be arrested for that?" I suddenly panicked. Sherlock chuckled "no" he answered. "So how did you work out the same person killed him that beat him up?" I asked still amazed. Sherlock explained his deductions as we headed back to the flat. "I really should grab something for dinner." I looked around once we had got back to Baker St. "I'll pop down the street, anything you want?" I asked Sherlock. "We need more sugar." He replied heading to the flat. So I headed down the street. I stopped to look in a shop window when a large hand dropped on my shoulder. "Doctor John Hamish Watson." The voice questioned. "Yes." I answered sheepishly. "You have to come with us." It wasn't like he was giving me any option as he held on to my shoulder directing me to a large black, window linted car. He practically pushed me into the back seat in front of a man who was calmly reading a file. "Thank you for joining us Doctor Watson" He began as the car took off. "Look if this is about what I said to the Detective Sargent, she was been quite rude to Sherlock." I attempted to explain. "Oh, yes, Greg did tell me you made Donovan speechless, that's a rare feat in its self." The man smirked. "Greg?" I questioned. "DI Greg Lestrade, I believe my brother introduced you to him this morning." The man finally looked at me. "Brother?" I questioned. "Yes, I'm Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock Holmes older brother." Sherlock hadn't told me anything about his brother. "So Doctor Watson, your file is fascinating. Public schools, your father spends a many a night in the lock up for drunk and disorderly. Your military file however has me more then fascinated. Spotless medical abilities but you called your superior officer a prat before punching him in the face. Tell me how come you weren't punished for this?" Mycroft was now watching me intently. "That was never suppose to be in my file." I looked at him confused. "Well that depends on which file one is after." Mycroft simply answered. "He called one of my patients a fag." I admitted. I remember how mad he made me, he reminded me of my father yelling at a young solder who was in my care. I wasn't about to tell Sherlock's brother that however. Mycroft seemed satisfied. "So what do you make of my brother?" He asked looking at me like he was trying to read my soul. "He is different, brilliant but different." Again Mycroft seemed happy enough with my answer. "Doctor Watson, know this. If you intend on fucking with my brother I suggested you leave now. Otherwise I will make sure your limited money and alcoholic father become the least of your problems. Understand." I swallowed hard. "Yes." I answered. "Good, now I want to make you an offer. I will make all your money problems go away if you agree to keep me updated on what my brother is up too." Mycroft waited for my answer. "Um, no. I'm his flat mate not a spy." I answered unsure if this was going to end up with me in a ditch. "Are you sure." Mycroft looked dangerous. "I'm sure." I faked some confidence. Mycroft studied me before handing me some containers. "This is from his favourite Chinese takeaway shop. Make him eat at least some of it." Mycroft asked before the car stopped allowing me to get out, right in front of Baker St. I headed up stairs to find Sherlock sitting on the couch, eyes closed his hands in the shape of a steeple. "I, um, met someone you know." I broached the subject serving some Chinese into a bowl for each of us. "Mmm." Sherlock answered. "Mycroft!" He suddenly growled. "Yeah, he, um, wanted to pay me to spy on you." I found a clean fork and shoved it in a bowl for Sherlock. I handed it to him. "I said no." Sherlock scrunched his nose up. "We could have done with the money! You should have thought about it John!" Sherlock sat the food beside him and went back to his position. "Um, what are you doing?" I asked sitting in another chair. "I'm in my Mind Palace." Sherlock answered like it was obvious. "Your what?" I asked confused. "Mind Palace, it's how I keep everything sorted in my mind." Sherlock explain. I just shrugged as I ate my food.
The Major led the pair threw the hanger into what looked like a row of offices, opening what seemed like a random door and gesturing for them to enter. She pulled what looked like a nicotine patch off her own back and slid it into a sharps bin on her desk. "Forgive me, I'm not used to telling the truth. So I'll try and tell you what you need to know. The patches do hide your natural scent. What does the good doctor smell like to you now?" Sherlock turned to John expecting his tea, musky and Alpha scent but instead the familiar scent was now unmistakable Beta. "That's right, the patches can change your scent to whatever you want it to be. It's still in testing, it's expensive and extremely dangerous. They need to be made tailored to each individual. I don't even know who makes them, they rock up labeled for us. I had Dr Watson's made especially for this visit and as a Beta patch you are not in danger Dr Watson." Sherlock watched the Major looking for any suggestions of lies, he didn't find any so far. "One of my team has been taken with all her patches, in the wrong hands the patches can be deadly. They can force Heats and Ruts to the point of death unless the effected Bonds which will then stabilise them." John rubbed his hand over his face. "So these patches can make it so people have to Bond or die? Why the bloody hell where they made in the first place?" John huffed. "They have been our only choice, my team, all damaged Omega's. We would have been killed at presenting if these patches and this program didn't exist." Sherlock looked back at the Major, "Tell me everything about the one missing." The Major pulled a file out of her locked desk. "Aurora, our scout." The Major handed her file to Sherlock. "Her quarters?" Sherlock asked. "I'll show you." The Major led the pair to the other side of the hanger away from the offices. A faint scent of an Omega in heat lingered in the hallway. "Jasmine is the only one home at the moment." The Major mumbled as they past the door that held the Omega. At the end of the hall the Major pushed open a door allowing both men to see inside. The room itself was quite basic, bed, desk, build-in wardrobe and another door ajar enough to see it was a bathroom. The surprising part was the room was almost head to toe in pink, purple and glitter. There was jewellery, ball gowns, make up and glittery heels spread across the room. It was like walking into a princesses room, only the size of a military room. Of course there was a trunk with weapons and military gear sitting at the end of the bed. "What rank is she?" Sherlock asked recovering first. "Corporal" the Major answered. "How old is she?" John stammered. "22" the Major answered. John just stared as Sherlock started to look through the room. "John, John!" Sherlock yelled at him. "What!" John finally answered still confused with what he was looking at. "Your military, do you see anything unusual?" Sherlock asked. "Yeah, everything!" John snapped back. Sherlock swirled back to face him. "You see but you do not observe. The victim is a scout, these are all covers. She doesn't scout out sand bunkers and compounds. She scouts out at charity events, movie premieres, the rich and powerful." John let his own mental expectations of a military scout and corporal go to the side and looked around the room again. The owner of this room had thrown a tantrum, something similar to his sisters post party drunken tantrum as a teenager. Matching heels thrown to one side, as well as a matching purse. A matching ball gown had been dumped on the floor with a set of under clothes. The bathroom bench a mess of bobby pins and used make up wipes. Looking at the draws pulled open she had grabbed a shirt and jeans having left the drawers half open and some of the contents dumped on the floor. "She was angry when she left." John replied. Sherlock gave him a quick smirk. "Very good John, in fact your corporal was livid and has run away. She has taken a bag she had already prepared and weapons. I need to know what mission she was working that would have pissed her off so much." The Major looked stunned. "Aurora wouldn't run away, sure she is the biggest drama queen but she has no where else to go. She loves her life here, we are her family. We give her everything she wants." The Major tailed off. "The mission Major?" Sherlock demanded.
The smoke rose around them, blocking their vision, but Mycroft kept Sherlock still until he believed the Peacekeepers couldn’t see them at all. Then, Mycroft pulled them to the right, and they raced out of the smoke cloud and down the hallway. As soon as they were out of the smoke, they let go of each other’s hands, both of them knowing how that could hinder their speeds.
“The morphling, Sherlock,” John clarified, still slightly agitated, and Sherlock looked away, trying to do the math in his head –
For the first time ever, District 12 would not be the predictable place John had always known it to be. For the first time ever, John had no idea what to expect upon coming home.
the only one who conducts science experiments in their bedroom?” Mycroft asked in reply, a ghost of a smile on his face.
Dean and Sherlock very much have a "I know who you pretend I am" relationship (think like Washing Machine Heart by Mitzki (a song that got popular on TikTok)). Though Sherlock does not see Dean as his older brother at all, Dean absolutely sees Sherlock as his brother (minus Dean's crush on Mycroft because that would be WEIRD). And Sherlock knows that Dean sees him like this.
“You can always go back up and ride it down if you love it so much,” Sherlock offered, and Harry laughed, and it was almost like everything was the way it should’ve been.
“Hannibal had visited me in the hospital wing after the Games,” he quickly revealed, and both of the Watson siblings stopped in their tracks.
“Yes. Yes, I did. Now remember,” Mycroft pointed lazily at the envelope in Sherlock’s hand, “Keep that hidden.”
“Oh my god,” Harry murmured, her hand covering her mouth as her eyes also landed on the source of the sound.
“Cal Sholto was set on fire by his last two opponents,” he explained. “He killed them both while he was still aflame. He had a scar that covered his face, and he never spoke again after that. Three years after he won, he and the newest victor – Rodger Stem – played a game of chicken. And they both lost.”
John stood in front of the television, his arms crossed, chewing the inside of his lip. The Ravenstag was used back in the last Quarter Quell, with Hannibal Lecter Magnussen and Will Graham. They were solitary creatures – two were never seen together – but they liked to stalk the tributes. As long as whoever they had chosen to follow didn’t get too scared or threatened or whichever and try to attack, they wouldn’t either. The only time it didn’t work like this was when one encountered Hannibal near the beginning of their Games: somehow he convinced the creature to go after Will Graham without being provoked, but Will was able to befriend the Stag, and it followed him around for the rest of the Games. That’s when Hannibal realized he wanted to keep Will alive until the final two – he was smart, yet unstable, and that made him interesting.
His name was Sherlock Holmes. He was eighteen years old. He was alive. His brother was dead. It was a minute until twelve o’clock – a minute until morning became afternoon. Fifteen hours, fifty-four minutes, twenty-five seconds.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, making sure it didn’t sound like a question. “Why are you doing this?”
It was about that time that the three of them independently decided that the three of them would stay at Sherlock’s. Sherlock made the decision when he realized that if he and John were going to continue to share a bed, he’d have to open up the guest bedroom to Harry, so she wouldn’t have to sleep in the house her parents were murdered in alone. Harry made the decision when she discovered that she could not enter her own house, anymore, and knew that Sherlock would open up the guestroom for her, just as he had before, and that he and John would probably share Sherlock’s room, anyway, so that worked out just fine. John made the decision when he was upstairs, stripping Harry’s bed of its sheets and blankets. He also grabbed as many of her clothes as he could and her school bag. He then went to his room and grabbed as much of his own clothing as he could carry.
He looked to Harry on his other side. From the moment she sat next to him on the hovercraft, their fingers interlocked and they held on to each other for dear life.
Sherlock threw a glance at John, only to see him staring wide-eyed at Caesar, purposely avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. He then looked back down the stage, where Mycroft Holmes – his one and only brother – was still standing, glaring up at President Snow, also keeping himself from looking back at Sherlock.
“YOU LEFT HIM! YOU LET HIM DIE!” he shouted, and Alexander tried to explain himself as John and Harry struggled to pull Sherlock off of him.
None of them knew who did it, but the two hugging forms merged into one – all four of them hugging and comforting each other and crying not only for the loss of Mr. and Mrs. Watson, but of Mycroft and even Archie, too.
“Okay, you give me a place to go and I’ll go –” Harry started, and a part of John knew she was only offering because she wanted to miss the day of school ahead of her.
John turned back to his friends to find most of them – Louise, Alexander, and Clover, namely – with their jaws dropped. He was trying to read Mycroft’s face – trying to figure out whether or not he should apologize, when Dean Bainbridge stepped forward and clapped John’s shoulder.
There was a slight trace of amusement behind Hannibal’s eyes as he studied Sherlock’s face, and he couldn’t help but remember the letter:
“I can’t do it,” Harry murmured from beside John, standing before the open door of their house. John could easily see the living room from where they stood, where someone from the rebel side had removed the sofa from the room and tried their best to remove all of the blood from the floor and the walls. It was a nice gesture, John thought, to remove as much physical evidence that the event had even occurred as possible, but that didn’t change the fact that it happened. It especially didn’t change things for his sister, who had wrapped her arms around herself, as if hugging herself.
I didn’t expect for Part Four of Constantly to be SO LONG AND FULL OF EXPOSITION – there was just so much I wanted to wrap up and I really wanted to focus a lot on the recovery (because Mockingjay didn’t really focus on it much at all, in my opinion), but I didn’t want to make a third installment just for “Sherlock fucks himself up on Morphling and John goes to a support group and Harry and Louise fall in LURVE” – I hope the length is okay and it all wasn’t too drawn out!!
The man turned back to Harry. She glared up at him, silent for a moment, tears still rolling down her cheeks. She took a deep, shaky breath, and spoke in the strongest voice she could manage.
Harry patted the seat beside her. “Come sit,” she invited him, and Sherlock sat down next to her. She took a deep breath and exhaled, trying to think of the best way to word it.
John sighed, defeated. “I don’t want to go back,” he murmured, and Sherlock wrapped him in his arms.
“No. I’m not going into this under their thumb. I don’t want to dress nice for them. I want to be me, and I want to do what I feel, and this is how I feel. This is what I want to do.”
And just like that, Sherlock and Harry were whisked away and prepped and dressed for their first public appearance since the Games. Unfortunately, before Sherlock could steal himself away to secretly check John’s room for his boyfriend, they were all stuffing themselves into the elevator and making the decent down, to be on national television once again. And, despite everything Sherlock had gone through in the past four days, his stomach still began to churn as soon as the elevator started moving.
Sherlock opened his mouth to scream upon seeing the beast, but he covered his mouth, keeping himself quiet until he calmed down.
Sherlock, John, and Harry make a decision; Dean and Louise make their exit; Sherlock and John discuss Mycroft's relationship with Dean and their relationship with each other.
“I’ve never heard Mycroft raise his voice like that, before,” Harry said quietly, breaking the quiet.
With one last look exchanged the two boys, Sherlock went back to his seat in the audience, Harry Watson taking hold of his hand as soon as he sat down.
“My point is that I’m not just gonna say it to shut you up, because yes you can be over confident and full of yourself, and yes it
“Babies? I can imagine – the day I told him that he was going to be one of the first people to hold Mychael I swear to you, his face –”
The area backstage was mostly empty, at this point, as opposed to bustling with people as it had been when Sherlock and Harry were waiting to join the stage with Caesar. Now the only people there were Sherlock, Mycroft, and a few stray people, all of whom were leaving through the private entrance to the backstage area. In fact, Sherlock and Harry had used that door to enter the backstage area to keep themselves hidden from the paparazzi.
And with that, Mycroft signed goodbye to her and took the elevator up to the penthouse, only slightly guilty that he didn’t warn her of what was going on. However, as it stood right at that moment, it was alright; she would know soon enough.
“Yeah, yeah – okay you win,” John said, cutting him off before he even suggested what John imagined what Sherlock was going to say. “I’m sure she’s fine – probably bracing herself for our arrival.”
“Yes?” John asked, urging him to continue his thought, reaching out and taking Sherlock’s hand in his.
“It’s just hit me what we did,” she said quietly. “What we’ve done.” She looked up at him. “We’re killers, now.”
But that obviously wasn’t going to happen, Sherlock thought to himself, just as the trio heard the elevator stop on their floor.
it was his best friend – he didn’t know much about friendship, but he knew friends didn’t have dreams about friends like that – dreams about them naked – dreams about touching their chest – dreams about kissing –
I must have drifted off, I woke to Sherlock staring at me. Which is an improvement from waking in a sweaty panic mess like normal and at least this time he wasn't inches from my face but still sitting beside me, his long lean legs practically wrapped up so he could face me on the couch. "John." He was checking to see if I was awake. "Yeah Sherlock." I answered in a half yawn. "Where you serious about the experiment or just been 'nice'." Sherlock was questioning me, Mr reads-me-like-a-book was questioning me. "Yeah Sherlock I was serious." It don't stop me swallowing hard however and my palms to instantly get sweaty. He unwrapped his long legs so he could get closer to me, he stopped a couple of inches away from my face, he was hesitate. My Sherlock was hesitating. Something took over me as I lent forward and closed the gap between us gently pressing my lips against his. I pulled away to make sure he was ok as I looked into his eyes, they made me go crazy just looking into them. I realised I was going to have to start this now, I was the experienced one after all. I took a deep breath and went for it. I pushed my lips against his a little more desperate this time as I slid my hand through his mass of curls on the back of his head. I was instantly hard, I went to put my hand on Sherlock's thigh to balance myself but I missed and put it directly on top of his hard on and omg he was hard and huge. I had definitely started something as Sherlock pushed me back on to the couch, like a burning desperation had taken over him. He ripped my jumper and shirt off me just so he could get to more of my skin he dragged his fine long fingers down my chest making me shudder in pleasure as he kissed whatever he could get to. "John" his voice shook, "my bed." I didn't need asking twice as I grabbed his hand and lend him to his bedroom only this time I pushed him onto his bed ripping his shirt off as I went. His eyes practically shone as I slid my trousers off and dropped them on the floor. I knelt over him. "Sherlock." I suddenly stopped. "How far do you want to go?" I could see it all clicking over in his mind. "I don't know." Sherlock answered, something I had never heard from his lips before. "Well tell me to stop when you want to stop. Ok." Sherlock nodded. I wanted him badly but I didn't want to hurt him either. We have both had enough hurt for a life time. Hell I hadn't even had sex with a guy before so I decided I should keep it simple. I kissed him again, he was starting to get the hang of it as he started to kiss me deeper. I gently slid my hand down his side as I used my other hand to keep myself steady. I unzipped his pants that were stretched tightly over his manhood. I slid them as far down as I could reach before Sherlock madly kicked them off. I gently ran my hand over him I heard him gasp between kisses. I had no idea a noise like that could turn me on even more, especially in his velvet voice. It made it so hard to concentrate and stay calm. I ran a finger along the top seam of his boyleg pants as he tried to push himself back into my hand. I smirked, he was enjoying himself. I gently slid his boylegs off allowing his manhood to finally be free. I gently grabbed it as Sherlock gasped again and groaned as I slid my hand down his shaft. He isn't going to last long I mused but the look of complete pleasure on his face was worth it, I could feel myself getting turned on more and more just by watching him. I had to stop kissing him so he could breath as his back arched and he clenched the sides of the bed for dear life. "Omg John!" He groaned as I felt him come on my hand I couldn't help but come at the same time even thought he wasn't even touching me. Just watching him was enough, the unbridled emotion he always had clamped down was out and out for me. His eyes where still closed as little shivers ran through his body. I lay beside him and put my head on his chest. Suddenly he rolled over towards me and wrapped himself around me pulling the blanket over us both at the same time.
I stepped into the comforting warmth of Baker st after a long and cold shift at the clinic. It was quiet, too quiet. "Sherlock?" I called out. "John your home about time, I need help to clear my mind!" He huffed from his perch on top of a set of draws with a riding crop in his hands. "You have to put your old uniform back on." He basically demanded. "What! What for?!" I replied almost missing the hook for my coat. "Experiment, Your military uniform now!" He insisted. "ok..." I nervously replied. I was at the point now with him I figure I just go along with it but a nagging thought in the back of my mind crept up. What if it doesnt fit anymore and I look stupid. "Your waist measurement hasnt changed." Sherlock murmured. "No I'm not a mind reader." He added. How he did that was beyond me so I headed to my room kicking my shoes off at the same time. Sherlock followed me and lent on my doorframe. "Are you gonna watch?" I asked nervously as I pulled my jumper off. He just nodded making my face burn red. So I pulled my shirt off and dropped it in the hamper as I headed to my closet. I pulled my trousers off realising I was going to have to use the closet door to hide the strange excitement developing knowing Sherlock was watching me. I had to look deep in my cupboard for my uniform, I hadnt worn it in ages but I pulled the trousers on making sure I moved my now hard on to one side to hide it before pulling on a green polo. Tucking it in and pulling the button up camouflage over my shoulders. Suddenly a riding crop landed gently on my chest. "Thats enough, now the boots." The smouldering look at the other end of the riding crop made me weak at the knees. His eyes had a burning desire swelling in them I dont think I was ever going to forget. I swallowed hard as I searched the bottom of my cupboard for my military boots. Admittedly I felt a little exposed on my hands and knees on the floor searching for my boots. I found them and pulled them on and laced them up while I was still on the floor. Sherlock watching me intently. I got up and straighten my uniform out of habit. "So Captain Watson!" Sherlock started to circle me inspecting my uniform. A chill of excitement run down my back as suddenly a whip to my arse made me jump and yelp. Sherlock had hit me hard with the riding crop. "What the..." Is all that came out of my mouth as Sherlock started to push me towards the bed. I fell on the bed bouncing on my sore arse a little as Sherlock tapped my knees apart with the riding crop and knelt taking up the space between my hitched knees. I swallowed hard in excitement as butterfly's took over my stomach, what the hell was he up too! He spread his long fingers across my chest as I lent back on my hands looking up at him. God he was gorgeous and the mischievous grin on his face was driving me crazy. "I've been doing some research." Sherlock nervously explained. "Your hypothesis?" I practically squeaked. "Uniform's do have a, sexy, quality to them." He replied looking me over. My face was burning even more then usual. "Is that a hypothesis or a observation?" I asked trying to get my voice to work. I was trying to be smart to impress him again, Sherlock bit his lower lip. Omg I had never seen him do that, I had to force myself to keep breathing. "I still have to achieve a result." Sherlock replied in his velvet voice, I thought I was just going to melt. He used the riding crop to open my button up shirt further as he moved his face closer to mine forcing me to look up into his eyes as his hand slid down my stomach. He ran a finger across my groin before grabbing my thigh, he crashed his lips to mine. He was getting really good at kissing. Suddenly he hit me again with the riding crop on my thigh, I almost bit his lower lip mid kiss. He slipped his knees under my thighs while grabbing my green shirt so he could access my chest. I tried touching him with one hand while I kept my self stable with the other but he slapped my hand with the riding crop. I withdrew my hand as he started to unbutton my trousers but he stopped. "John." He whispered. "Yeah Sherlock." I forced my voice to work. He sat back on his legs, I could see his brilliant mind working. "It's ok, just tell me what you want." I smiled at him encouragingly. "I, um, you know how I, in the kitchen, the other day." I grabbed the top of his trousers as I twisted around to get on my hands and knees, I opened his trousers to expose his manhood. I took him in my mouth just has he had done to me in the kitchen, just listening to him groan as I pleased him. It was so surreal I didn't even flinched when he climaxed in my mouth. He even grabbed my face and kissed me thanking me between kisses. Followed by him grabbing me and pulling me off while grabbing my arse. I was so close to climaxing already it didn't take long before I came in his hand. "I think my hypothesis is correct." Sherlock mused still looking deep into my eyes. I chuckled. As I lay completely satisfied, my head on Sherlock's chest a thought occurred to me. "Sherlock?" I asked. "Mmm" he answered "where did you get the riding crop from?" He shrugged. "Mycroft and I had riding lessons." I looked up at him, "I didn't know you could ride a horse." Sherlock huffed "My parents made us learn, it only lasted 3 days." He added. "Three days, how did you only manage three days?" I asked waiting for an interesting story. "I refused to use the riding crop on the horse." Sherlock replied. "But you used it on me!" I pointed out. "You didn't seem to mind." I could see Sherlock's lips twitch trying to stop from smiling. I couldn't argue with him however and let out a small chuckle as my phone chimed. I had to climb over Sherlock and grab it out of my discarded trousers. It was from Lestrade, Sean Green, from the murder we investigated, had been beaten badly and from Sherlock's information it looked like it was the same group that beat Sherlock. I took a deep breath, I looked up at Sherlock, it really hurt when I saw him all beaten up. My stomach decided this was the best time to grumble. "Hungry?" I asked Sherlock knowing full well he wasn't going to eat anyway. "We should eat." He replied running a finger down my stomach making me shiver slightly. Still pretty much in my uniform I headed to the kitchen. I opened the freezer to what looked like a human liver and decided to just close it. Instead I grabbed some bread threw it in the toaster and made some tea. Sherlock came swagging out to the kitchen wrapped in my bed sheet, I just shook my head and smiled at him as he took up his place at the table watching me. I put some toast in front of him with a tea and grabbed my own. Yeah never a dull moment around here I thought to myself.
He was not okay. He was so fucking far from alright, and, if he could avoid it, John would never, ever, know why.
“Yes, but do you remember why they’re out of use?” Sherlock replied. “The rebels fed them false information to copy, let them run off to daddy to deliver the message, and the rebels made their
He knew he shouldn’t have left John Watson alone with President Snow. In fact, even now every fiber of his being screamed against it. However, he didn’t have much of a choice; he couldn’t refuse President Snow without getting himself executed. John had tried to argue for him, to make Snow allow for him stay for whatever he had to say, but Mycroft knew Snow was not going to budge, and stopped John before their situation could get even worse.
“Everyone thinks we should, so I just thought... If I pushed past the fear and just did it, you’d be happy. Everyone would.”
The two Watson children glanced at each other, making a silent agreement. Even though Sherlock didn’t say the words out loud, it was obvious that Sherlock wasn’t going to tell Dean about the five minute’s conversation Sherlock had with Hannibal, or the secret message Hannibal had planted in his confession, and so neither would they.
And that was the last thing Sherlock heard from Harry before the water hit him and Archie, sending them toppling, rolling them through the water, completely knocking the wind out of Sherlock –
“Do you want –” she started, beginning to take off the coat she was wearing – Daniel’s coat – and Sherlock, despite his freezing limbs, shook his head again. He didn’t want to have to explain to John how a man’s coat that didn’t belong to either of them ended up in their house. Not that John would think he would go out and cheat on him – not after everything – but that was still a conversation Sherlock didn’t want to have.
After the briefest of moments, Sherlock felt the gentlest of hands wrap themselves around his wrists.
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” Mycroft replied, and Louise nodded, but that’s not how John felt about it at all:
“John, I think you should go to the penthouse,” Mycroft muttered in John’s ear, letting go of his hand with one last reassuring squeeze. “Right now.”
And, slowly – but not as slowly as Sherlock thought he deserved – his relationships with John and Harry repaired themselves. His friendship with Harry was easy to repair; Sherlock walked on eggshells around her for about a week after his detox, until Harry looked at him one day and declared that she wasn’t angry at him, and that was the end of that. For John, though, repair was much more difficult. But it wasn’t like John tried to make it that way – he did everything to show Sherlock that he wasn’t angry with him, either, and Sherlock knew that he wasn’t. But he could still see the worry in his eyes, and he could still hear John’s words from the night he confronted him about the Morphling – his uses of past tense. Eventually, though, the worry in John’s eyes faded, and the
Welcome to the Q and A :D There's not a lot here now - if I get any other questions concerning Sentiment I'll post 'em right here :)
The two Watson children looked to Sherlock, and Sherlock nodded, expecting them both to follow Dean’s orders.
“He was; William was extremely intelligent, and Hannibal knew that he was. He lied to William like this to keep him under his thumb; if William thought he was insane he wouldn’t have to worry about William outsmarting him. Then, when everyone else was gone, it would be an easy win. What he didn’t know, of course, was that William’s also a brilliant actor.”
“I’m not leaving you –” Sherlock insisted, tears spilling over, but the Peacekeepers emerged from the remaining haze of the smoke bomb’s cloud, putting the argument to an end, their guns aimed.
Sherlock tried as hard as he could not to look at John’s torso, but his eyes still accidentally dusted over it anyway as he finally made eye contact with John.
“Mycroft was the type of person who wasn’t scared by anything, and if he was, he wouldn’t admit it to anyone. He was selfless leader; he didn’t want to worry anyone. He was self-sacrificing; he took on the most difficult parts of the rebellion so that his allies – his friends – wouldn’t have to. He cared so much about everyone in his life, but especially his brother. For the near-decade that I had known him, he constantly worried over Sherlock – I had never seen someone unabashedly love a sibling like he loved Sherlock. It was...truly inspiring.
After a moment more of silent staring, someone from the back stood up and began to clap their hands together in applause. Then, someone else stood up and joined them, and within seconds, everyone who could stand up was on their feet, and everyone who could clap was clapping for them.
He knocked on the door, two quick raps to show that it wasn’t entirely urgent but there was, in fact, someone at the door.
know, nothing happened. And we’re both okay with that,” he said. “We’re both really okay with that.”
“And now... If I win, John’s just lost the one thing in this goddamned world that can make him happy,” she said, as if Sherlock’s suicide was still a topic up for discussion.
“There’s no need to rush this conversation – we have time,” Hannibal replied, stepping forward.  “Tell me, do they know of our little secret?”
John stared back at Sherlock – looking at him like Harry and Louise didn’t exist – making Sherlock feel like he was the only person in John’s world, just for a moment.
Oh! And Krh commented on my last update with "Dance," but they didn't put a number to it so I'm doing the third time it shows up because it's the cutest:
In response, Sherlock slowly pressed his lips to John’s – soft and sweet – and rested his forehead on John’s once they parted.
There they were, walking down the hallway of the hospital that was made just for the Hunger Games tributes, located seven floors below John’s feet, and the room went absolutely silent, apart from John.
Also: since I was so close to potentially finishing this thing I was like "let's read the Hunger Games series ALL OVER AGAIN and look for inconsistencies and try to FIX THEM!!" So I'm like 90 pages into Catching Fire and I've been making a list of things I've fucked up in Sentiment and Constantly and want to fix them. Mostly it's just stuff like "include the Community home that's not mentioned in the movie!!" and "mention how even though Mycroft won the Games the Holmes home in the Seam is still technically Sherlock's!" and shit like that - stuff that wasn't in the movies, basically. Details and shit. So I'm gonna work on that and edit Sentiment and with that said, once I edit it all I'm gonna make another update and let you all know...so if you want to read it all again for the changes you can. Once the changes are all there.
And that’s just what Alexander did, disabling the lock and swinging open the door, revealing a janitor’s closet. He ushered them all in, and John’s senses were assaulted with the smell of bleach as Alexander closed the door behind him.
And so, Sherlock sat back in his bed, and began strapping his ankles to the mattress, like they had been before. Once he was done, Mycroft began hooking Sherlock’s monitors back up to his little brother.
John could only just remember the Harvest Festival being this big – when Mycroft won the Games. Sherlock, John, and Harry were only kids, back then – he remembered chasing each other and playing jumping games and hide-and-seek under the table cloths. It was easy to be a child and play – to not understand the Games, or to understand the Games but be able to ignore it for a few more years. John found himself wishing for that innocence again.
“I was too focused on other things to see it,” he admitted. “And I’m sorry for that. I’m sorry I didn’t see. I tried so hard to protect you, even when you were just a child –”
But the Games didn’t make bad people – he couldn’t imagine Snow or Moriarty and the Magnussen brothers being upstanding citizens of society if only there hadn’t been any Hunger Games. Sherlock was pretty sure they were born that way.
He thought about what he and Mycroft had talked about the day John learned about this side of winning the Hunger Games.
John’s non-prosthetic leg had been bouncing in nervousness since Seneca announced what this year’s theme would be: family matters. The Gamemakers would be drawing inspiration from the mentors’ past Hunger Games experiences for this year, and John could tell from the way Seneca was talking about it that they were going to milk the sibling thing for everything was worth. John thought of all the horrors the past Games entailed – fire bombs, poisoned water, plants that could kill you with a single touch, mutant apes three times the size of the average person, the fear gas – and John’s stomach plummeted to his shoes. John had glanced over at Mycroft at one point while Seneca was going on to find him gripping the arms of his chair until his knuckles turned white.
If Sherlock applied the right tone to his voice and asked Hannibal how many people he had eaten, Hannibal could think Sherlock was legitimately interested in cannibalizing people himself – in being whoever Hannibal wanted him to be.
I know your body language. You think you're so clever because you can read faces, but guess what? I can read you like a book, too. So, you can take your
And now here she was, fifteen years later, being able to walk even better than him, watching the area around her, fighting the urge to run.
“No, why you specifically?” John asked, then realized only after he said it how rude it must’ve sounded. “I mean –” he tried to explain himself, but Antonia cut him off.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, still annoyingly calm. “If I keep going with you I’m just going to slow you down –”
“Fuck – where do you think he is?” Harry asked, getting out of the bed. “We can get dressed and we’ll go –”
Sherlock set his jaw, and Hannibal raised his eyebrows in response and paused in his slow-moving journey to cross the room.
But then he glanced up from the scene going on straight ahead, just for a moment, and he saw him. A sandy-haired man donning a periwinkle swimsuit almost as humiliating as Sherlock’s lilac one, was sitting up in the tree directly above Harry’s head, his back to Sherlock, fiddling with something –
He wasn’t sure why he started doing it, apart from being awake and not wanting to bother John, but in the back of his mind he knew he could’ve just gone downstairs or into Mycroft’s room. No, this had to do something with him – with getting out of the house. With escaping everything around him.
“You’re going to have to learn to, either way,” Sherlock mumbled back, and yet he was the one who reached out and held John’s hand. “I’m sorry.”
obvious is if we were looking at you through Mycroft’s eyes,” Dean said, and Mycroft nodded in agreement. “But here’s a secret: we hate it, too.”
“I hadn’t considered that,” Sherlock mumbled in reply, and Dean put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Well, when you think about it, you would’ve missed out on the joys of mentoring anyway,” John noted. “Since Snow wanted me to sentence you to death.”
As I mentioned in the Behind the Scenes, the first draft of Magnussen's death included genital mutilation! More specifically, Sherlock cuts off Magnussen's dick and shoves it in his mouth. SO IF YOU REALLY JUST H A T E THAT, DON'T READ THIS! DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT. I'LL NEVER FIND OUT. I'LL SEE YOU NEXT WEEK FOR A NICER, LESS-GROSS DELETED SCENE.
. As soon as Mycroft won the Games, he had been provided with more than enough food to share with not only his brother but the Watson family.
Because John was supposed to be there, too. He was supposed to be watching Sherlock and Harry walk down that hallway
“Hello,” he said into the microphone, all business and nothing like the man who had hugged Mycroft back in January – it was obvious the night had aged him, just like it had everyone in the room. “Before I say anything else, I wanted to thank each and every one of you for coming in on such short notice. I’m sure everyone here’s had a rough night, and it means a lot that we can still come together like this, after everything. I imagine there’s a few of you who are still confused about the things that led up to the assassination of President Snow, so to quickly fill you in: almost nine years ago, Mycroft Holmes came to me with an idea to take down Snow and the Capitol, and, for nearly nine years, Mycroft and I have been recruiting people and making plans to make this idea a reality. Mycroft named this idea – this rebellion – the Mockingjay Rebellion. The rebellion came to a head last night, resulting in not only in the death of President Coriolanus Snow, and not only resulting in the successful takeover of the Capitol and Panem, but also the untimely murder of Mycroft Holmes. For those of you who weren’t involved in the Mockingjay Rebellion: in the event of Mycroft’s death, I was to accept the role of Interim President of Panem in his place. We had all voted for him, but he knew that he may not make it to see this day, so he insisted that I take his place if need be. And if anyone doesn’t believe me, we have that in writing, and I’d be happy to show it to you after this meeting,” he said, speaking almost directly to the group of eleven people who made up what remained of the Career Districts, grouped together separate from everyone else, sitting to the far left of the audience’s space, while John and Harry had chosen the right side to sit.
“Good,” Mycroft said, and then pointed back at the Peacekeeper. “Could you pick up those handcuffs for me, please?”
“Like, absolutely everything has changed,” she murmured, and, as tears began to form in her eyes, John reached out and put his hand on top of hers, and Sherlock did the same.
John honestly couldn’t remember what life was like without Sherlock, but he was going to have to learn, and quickly.
After the world admired the fact that Sherlock and Harry were standing upon the stage as the two victors of the Seventy-Fifth Annual Hunger Games, the recap began.
A few miles, a refused offer of payment, and one autograph later, Sherlock found himself at his destination: Panem Penitentiary. Standing outside the building, Sherlock could feel himself trembling, and he, operating by force of habit alone, reached up and grabbed the front of his shirt, as if John’s dog tags were still just under the layer of clothing. But they weren’t – they had been inside of a box under a thick layer of dirt for years. A lot of things had changed since the last time Sherlock had even thought about the people within the prison’s walls, Sherlock reminded himself, and then he made his way inside.
There was nothing for a moment, and then they heard Harry speak again, just barely through the distance between them.
“Are you serious?” John asked, hysteric. “Why haven’t I been –” He stopped as realization dawned on him. “Sherlock,” he whispered, understanding.
So I've had a pretty rough couple of months - I lost my job in the first week of October; moved house, had one of our cats pass away, and lost practically all of my winter clothes in the first week of November, come to find out that all of our Christmas decorations (apart from a little tree and My Personal Ornaments that I kept separated from the rest of the Ornaments because they're MINE and I BOUGHT THEM with MY OWN MONEY or they were GIFTED TO ME and ME ALONE) were also lost in the move in December, and basically throw in some trouble with Feelings and unrequited shit and basically the last three months have put me in a really bad place, mentally.
He thought of Sherlock again, head in the toilet, covered in spit and vomit and sweat, eyes tired, hands shaking, begging for relief, with another man’s name on his lips.
He couldn’t tell Mycroft about this, though. Mycroft would try to apply logic to it, would try to tell Sherlock what Sherlock was already more than aware of. Hearing it from someone else – hearing it from someone who constantly reminded Sherlock that Sherlock’s mind was inferior – would only make Sherlock feel worse.
“Well, Hamish – you know how we play games at home? Like hide and go seek and tag?” John asked, and Hamish smiled, thinking he knew where this was going.
Goddamnit, he needed another hit of Morphling, especially if he was going to have to keep dealing with this. John couldn’t get him out of it forever –
“I hate doing this in front of everyone, but I have to,” John started quietly, and Sherlock leaned forward in his seat, anxious. “There was a night, back before you and Sherlock went into the Arena, but after the Quell’s twist was announced, where I found you drinking in your room. My question is: was there any other time where you had been drinking? Maybe before the Quell’s announcement?”
“Huh? Yeah – yeah, I’m fine. I think I’m gonna go to bed; big day tomorrow, you know? I finally get to see Sherlock and Harry,” he said, trying to sound casual as he placed his hand on the doorknob.
John stood outside of President Snow’s office, wringing his hands, dressed in his nicest suit, waiting for Mycroft to emerge. He checked his watch again – it was eight-thirty – ninety minutes until the Games began. At this point, Sherlock and Harry would be in the Aircraft, flying circles around Panem in an attempt to make the tributes feel like they were farther away from home than they actually were. Any second, now, some Peacekeeper would be injecting Sherlock and Harry with their tracking device, turning them into two number twelves in a long line of number twelves – one that had John Watson and Mary Morstan added to the list at exactly this moment last year.
After seeing Louise, John had met up with Clover, and she taught him a few words and phrases in her language – important words like “hello”, “goodbye”, “my name is John Watson”, “help”, and all of the curse words they could think of. There was one phrase John requested to be taught: “You’re safe.” It was an easy enough thing to say – he had to point at them, then ball up his fists, cross his wrists, and then uncross them, as if he were wiping a slate clean. Each time he did it, they gaped at him for a moment, surprised, but then smiled shyly at him before they passed him by.
“Right,” John nodded, and then he felt tears forming in his eyes. “God, I’m gonna miss him. I just...I don’t even care about the sex thing or the fact that he can be a total asshole or the fact he doesn’t know about Magnussen – I just want to be with him. And I can’t because he’s
“I was hurting –” Sherlock tried to explain, but Harry shouted over him, tears beginning to flow from her cheeks.
It was funny – ever since the Quarter Quell had been announced, Sherlock was so worried about Mycroft – he had felt so bad that he was going to die in the Games and leave him to be the last living member of the Holmes family –
“Oh, don’t be embarrassed, it’s quite alright!” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “I thought it was very touching. But it’s alright, now! Because the two of you will finally be able to be together, in just a few minutes!”
“Impossible,” Mycroft hissed at John, and looked up at someone behind them – Alexander – “You have to go. More are going to come,” he said, but Sherlock shook his head.
He had noticed it as soon as he and Harry had gotten back to the penthouse – if it hadn’t been obvious by John’s bloodshot eyes and pale face, and the way Mycroft looked at him, it was definitely made obvious by the fact that John needed the support of his cane. As soon as he saw him, Sherlock was in concerned boyfriend mode – a state of mind he had very nearly perfected over the past year.
“You’re hilarious,” John said in lieu of an answer, rolling his eyes. “Anyway, Ashlign always gives me extra pencils when I forget mine – what does that tell you?”
Harry, who was still silently reacting to what Sherlock and John had said within her own head, simply nodded in agreement.
John chuckled, and he let Sherlock lead them. John was never one to dance when he was younger – he was far too clumsy for it. He only ever begrudgingly agreed to dance with Harry when they were kids; once he was older he stayed as far away as he could from anything that involved dancing. He had tried dancing with a girl once when he was fourteen, but they were both terrible, so it barely counted. Now, in probably the greatest and worst and most life-altering turn of events John had ever known, he was learning to dance in an alley with Sherlock Holmes.
“You have given my short life so much happiness and meaning...and I thank you for that. I hope I’ve given you happiness, too, and I hope with all my heart that you can find just as much without me. You deserve it. You deserved me, too, after everything...but life got in our way, and that is my greatest sorrow. For the first time in my life, I was looking forward to growing old. I was looking forward to dying at an old age, because I would have had you by my side. But instead, I must die like so many people have before me, and like so many others will after I do – young, alone, and scared. And on camera. Which leads me to why I’m doing this here: if you are going to have to be forced to watch me die, you should at least get a proper goodbye recorded, too, so when I’m gone you can watch it, whenever you want, and hear me when I say that I love you. I’m truly sorry that I’m not going to be around to say it in person, and I’m sorry that instead I have to say this: Goodbye, John.”
The wave had been so big it had pushed Harry, but not nearly as far as it had Sherlock and Archie. In fact, it had tried to take her back into the water, but Harry was having none of it. As soon as she got her bearings, she went straight into the jungle ahead of her, about seventy feet away from where Sherlock and Archie had been.
What they failed to notice, however, was the fact that Hannibal Lecter Magnussen was still in the room, walking their way, staring right at John.
John half expected to have to sit up front, but then Mycroft began to lead him up the stairs in the center aisle, toward the back of the room. As they went, John noticed that, after the first two rows of seats, there were numbers on the back of each chair – the third row had two seats marked with the number 1 and two seats marked with a number 2 on one side, and two seats marked with the number 3 and two seats marked with a number 4 on the other. John looked further up and saw that each seat had a number on it, in groups of 2, all the way up to number 12 – four chairs on one side, four on the other. As John saw mentors he recognized from the Victory Tour sitting down, he realized the numbers were to group the Districts, and there were two seats to make sure that both mentors from each District (if the District had two mentors) could sit together. When John and Mycroft got to of District 12’s chairs – grouped into the far upper corner of the room, John noticed something else – something he only could’ve only noticed due to all of the time he had spent with Sherlock: only one chair – the one closest to the wall, had a dip in the seat, to show someone had sat in it before. Mycroft sat in that chair, leaving the chair that looked as if no one had sat in it for seventy-five years for John, and it hit John again that he was the second-ever victor from District 12. He slowly sat down next to Mycroft, feeling the stiff springs and furniture stuffing compress under his weight.
“They normally don’t broadcast anything that happens at night unless it’s ground-breaking, so I think we’ve got some privacy, for now,” Sherlock replied, still not raising his voice past a whisper, just in case.
“Call me Nana, dear; everyone does,” she said, and they shook hands. “Oh, dear – your heart is so big.” She looked up at him – directly into his face, despite the milky film over her blind eyes. “What are you doing here? How did you win with a heart so big?”
Sherlock gets himself out of a sticky situation; Sherlock and Harry endure their first night in the Arena; Mycroft teaches John a couple of things about being a mentor.
Maybe he didn’t know what they looked like or how old they were or where exactly in District 9 they were, and maybe in a few weeks or months Hannibal would lose the strength and abilities necessary to escape from the prison, but he knew they existed. He knew they were a part of Sherlock and John’s lives – he knew they were alive.
I FINISHED CONSTANTLY YOU GUYS!! So now, I'll be able to post the rest of the chapters of Constantly consistently every other Saturday from now until THE END OF TIMEEEEEEEEEE!!
“Remember what I said,” he whispered when they parted, and Sherlock nodded as Harry stepped forward, her knuckles extended toward him, and Sherlock gave her his best smile.
He had to remind himself that Mycroft Holmes had been dead for one day, ten hours, one minute, and twenty-nine seconds. He was dead.
“Octaiva! Flavius! Venia! You said you wanted to fix my face!” John all but shouted, face bright red, turning to the prep team. “And the rest of me. Let’s go do that! Right now!”
“Are you okay?” John asked, breaking Sherlock from his thoughts. He looked at his former boyfriend – the person he was still head-over-heels in love with and hated himself for still loving – and the concern in his eyes killed him. John was the one who found him overdosed in his bedroom – he was one of the top medical professionals in Panem – what if he could tell that he was high – higher than a person could be without overdosing?
“I’ve always sent flowers to the families of lost tributes,” Mycroft replied with a shrug. “Not including the Career Districts, of course – if there was any sign that I actually felt bad they’d make sure I was arrested.”
“Where’s John? Is he back in the penthouse? Why didn’t you bring him with you?” Sherlock asked, his words coming out in a rush.
Also there was a small subplot where I had written at this point where Sherlock seemed to enjoy killing people in the Arena - not "enjoy" per se, just made him smile a little bit. Like the psychopath would, and we all know how certain people think Sherlock's a psychopath...
“It’s okay,” John murmured, and pulled at Sherlock’s hands, pulling them down until they were back at his sides. It was only then that John let go.
“‘Oh,’” John repeated, matching Sherlock’s tone, as Sherlock heard a few splashes from the water, and then John’s voice from farther away. “Anyway, I’m in the water now, you can look,” he announced, and Sherlock finally looked back at his friend, up to his navel in the lake.
Dean’s eyes went soft as the edges of his lips curled into a sad excuse for a smile. And Sherlock watched as he opened his mouth to say something, then stop himself to say something else.
Obviously, Sherlock had read both of John’s books, but, during the writing process, he had outright refused to read anything John had written. This wasn’t because Sherlock didn’t want to support his husband every step of the way by reading each draft as he finished them – it was because he didn’t want his thoughts to interfere with the way John wrote about the world, especially when it came to writing about Sherlock himself. When
Louise fills Sherlock, Harry, and John in on the deaths of the rebellion; Sherlock makes a decision; Sherlock and John have a private reunion.
Antonia and Aurora were originally Alexandra and Tessa, respectively, but then I was alerted that there was already a Tessa in Sherlock, and then I realized that District Two had more Roman names. Hence, Antonia and Aurora.
“How do you know that he did anything?” Harry asked, obviously also having seen Sherlock’s face upon seeing Dean.
Sherlock set his jaw, keeping himself from saying anything else, and reached into his pocket. He pulled out his father’s – his brother’s – pocket watch, quickly assessed it, and set it back into his pocket. “It’s been three minutes – I highly suggest you get to whatever it is that you have to say.”
There was something no one knew about being a victor until they themselves were a victor – something no one saw in the broadcasts: the entire ceremony was scripted. Everyone knew the victors had a card to read from, but there was never any indication that the Capitol was also putting words into the mouths of every District's mayor.
“We have a party to attend, after all,” she went on, trying on her best Capitol accent. “Are you wearing that hat of yours?”
Harry and John glanced at each other, confused, until Alexander was able to get enough grip with the knife to be able to pull the bricks – a whole line of bricks, actually – out of the wall.
“Ground me,” John pleaded. “I don’t know where I am, and I need you to ground me. Please, Sherlock.”
Sherlock breathed his brother’s name as he ran into his arms, hugging him as the Peacekeepers closed the door.
When John opened it for Sherlock, they came face-to-face with the head trainer – Atala, John had told him – with a crying boy – Archibald Neal – holding her hand.
Again, he glanced, just for a moment, at Sherlock, but this time his eyes also dusted across Harry’s face, which caused her to stiffen in her seat beside him immediately. Hannibal had been confident that Charles Augustus was going to live, but he had died, thanks to two certain people who just happened to be sitting in that room.
“Are you shitting me? What is he, three?” she asked, and then looked down at her feet, remembering there was an actual three-year-old tribute just a few stalls away.
He had seen the absolute fear in John’s eyes when he was trapped within the confines of his own head – when loud sounds from the mines sounded like cannon strikes; when someone came in to see the Monroe’s with an injury and the blood reminded him of Victor Trevor’s; when the woods of the outskirts looked too much like the forest of the Arena – and the Capitol went and put him back in the Arena anyway.
“Not you...” he gasped, seeing Jim Moriarty in Charles Augustus Magnussen’s place, the fog now attacking his brain.
in his life, he had everything he had ever dreamed of. He had been so happy these past nine months. He hated having to give it up now – after everything –
Which left Sherlock exactly where Harry believed he was: in a panicked state he had never felt before – his heart hammering in his chest, his mind racing, his deductions coming either when he least expected it, or not at all. Sherlock was definitely, as Harry had called it, “freaking the fuck out.”
“Any ideas?” he asked as gently as he could, while still trying to make her aware of his need for her response to put them in the right direction.
