“Dean?”
“All finished with, no problems.”
He flopped down on his bed, suddenly extremely grateful that the light in his room wasn’t good enough for filming.
Feeling a twinge in his neck, Dean turned to Michael with a grim face. “You expecting me to charge for these sessions?”
She was maybe fifteen.
“Hey, I told you to
“Hey, Sunshine,” Dean said, flashing a smile and holding out the spare holiday themed coffee he’d picked up on his way like a carrot in front of a horse. Cas took it with only a small glance of suspicion – the larger he saved for Dean’s car.
“Benny Lafitte?”
“Just… tell me.”
Dragging his eyes back to follow Sam, Cas started moving off again in the direction. “Was it wearing shoes?”
“You’re awake,” said the man sitting by his bed, who smiled. He wasn’t Cas.
Cas leaned forwards. “I spent every moment you’ve been gone thinking about you, looking for you.”
Dean made himself believe that this was all like some dumbass zombie flick and that none of them remembered who they used to be anymore. Because otherwise that would make him a mass-murderer. He might be alone with only his brother with no Bobby, no Cas, no land he recognised, but he had to believe he was still something like a good guy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had thought the old man’s face was as shut down as it could be, but now he was somehow he was able to look even more hostile. “Well, nice try coming out in person, but you’re not getting an interview. I don’t do those anymore.” Moving his hoe towards Dean’s face in a way that
Cas thought, a little frantically as he pulled his duvet cover back over his rapidly tenting pyjama pants. But, weird as this was, he’d been wanting to show Dean what he was watching… And things weren’t supposed to be weird, right? They’d made a deal. No weirdness.
“I’m charming,” Dean pointed out, flashing Cas a smile and tried to ignore the strange twitching going on with his passenger’s lips in reaction. “And… well he might not, but it feels weird being back in the states and not driving, y’know? Spent half my childhood in a car, carted around the country.”
“Which would make you…”
And Dean decided he was done dipping his feet, he was done savoring. He closed the distance left between them and Cas’s mouth with his own and after everything it was easy, there at the end. There was nothing difficult about it. But then there wouldn’t be, would there?
Sam continued to look at his brother with increasing concern. He’d had his suspicions, but Dean
“It’s not, I know. But what about the one time it is?”
Cas cocked his head to one side, his full attention returned to Dean once more. “So what is your music like?”
But she had, and she’d chosen this one, and they both seemed to be getting really into it.
“Y’hungry?”
Michael had been terrifying, in an unstoppable psycho in a slasher movie kinda way. But Anna was more like a warrior, and she didn’t hesitate as she dragged him down until his back bent and cracked as she nodded at –
They sat in silence for a moment, but Jack couldn’t keep to that for long. Craning his neck over Dean’s shoulder he spied a photo of Cas. Well, of all three of them - Bobby had taken it, without telling them. It was back when the apocalypse was looming and Cas was learning humanity the hard way. But he looked as happy as Dean had ever really seen him in this shot of their backs as they all piled into the car.
“Well,” Castiel said as he examined his fingernails, “this one was too cowardly to die, and wished for punishment for his failures.”
, and that got Dean’s mind stuck in all sorts of places it shouldn’t be when it was 1am, the library was closing in an hour, and his essay was due in another seven hours after that…
“Sure.” Dean shrugged. “Dude, I have no plans, and I am so jetlagged I am currently not sure what day it is.”
“I’m – I’m talking to the dog, Sam.”
“Yes?”
Right?
To Dean’s surprise, Cas didn’t whither or look away under the force of Dean’s stare. “I deserve how you’re looking at me, and worse,” he said calmly. “However much of a monster you think you are I am something much more terrible.”
Cas ordered himself as he watched his roommate’s face light up like a firework. “Well, exactly – I know you’ve got the whole perfectionist work ethic going on, and it seems like we’re not gonna hit that the first time. We wanna get all the messy and awkward out of the way first.”
Bobby had pushed him into it. He’d been happy enough working Bobby’s autoshop with him and letting Sam be the one to bury himself in books, but apparently he shouldn’t be “wasting his potential”. Dean always suspected Bobby just wanted him to get out of the house, out of his liquor cabinet and meeting more people his own age more than he had any faith in Dean’s academic abilities. But he went. Learned something more about mechanics, took a few courses on astronomy, and ended up enjoying the whole experience about ten times more than he’d thought he would.
Cas laughed, and realised that his eyes were starting to sting. He’d literally taken a butt plug out of Dean’s ass the day before and found it less embarrassing.
“What?”
“Hell, I just wanna see you again.”
“Yes. So the radio helped.”
He wasn’t expecting the kiss. It was probably just one more attempt from the venom coursing through his real and dying body to keep him here, but
a rebound. Your ex cheating on you with a mutual friend messes a person up. And I think we’ve both been drinking. So… I’m just thinking we should just go ahead and have sex. If you’d be into that.”
Cas looked up again from his lap. “No, much less of that. Much more of a very large very contentious family. I’m sure you’ve experienced similar.”
“Well maybe it’s not The Virus I had.”
The angel’s expression hardened again. “I can’t do that, Dean.”
“You and Cas alright finishing up the theatre case?”
The man who, four years ago, Dean had thought was the love of his life, who’d been the person who’d inspired him into finally coming out to his brother, was marrying someone else. And... Dean wasn’t ok with that, not yet, but surely this was a good thing in the long run, and…
Cas noticed that Dean was staring at him, but unlike most times Cas tried to talk through TV that Dean had on, the look he was receiving for this infraction was painfully fond.
Cas went quiet after that. The rage and grief he felt was too exhausting to bear, so he stopped bearing it. He was allowed to roam freely around his own room, which Michael kept specifically guarded and warded to prevent him from ever leaving. He ate what food was passed to him, and he tried not to look out the window, or watch the news. The twins, Michael and Lucifer – named for the original archangels – visited him often and gave him updates he didn’t want, both of them certain he would come around eventually. With both parents gone, Anna still missing, and their people scattering, they were both in their own way determined to see Cas embrace them and their way of life like he once had.
after me - and you were
“It’s been a year…?”
“…No. But last time I had to do it I got really, really drunk.”
When he made his way back to Dean’s spot, Sam found that his brother had been crying too. Cautious, as he feared this could just be one more trick from the monster, Sam approached him, fighting down the hope building in his chest.
“No music, please.”
Then Dean turned up in one of his hospital beds, and the world turned on its head all over again.
“I mean. If you
“I’m right. Now do me.”
“Never even been kissed.” Lips only twitching slightly, Cas gently closed his eyes.
If Dean noticed his shadow, he made no indication of it, but Sam suspected he knew.
“Oh, I’m happy to help,” Rowena said, leaning down to pat Dean on the cheek. “Anytime. But if I ever call…”
this to the world -”
“That frightens you, doesn’t it?”
“Ugh.”
Ruby froze, convinced, even with the knocking, or bashing, on the door that this was her imagining the wind saying something as it bashed into the house - since she
Another short one, but I promise they do more of interest over the next few days.
She could make decisions based on nothing more than the fact that she wanted to do them. Which was intimidating, to say the least.
Sam wanted to yell at him, but he understood how much that wouldn’t help anything.
Feeling merciful, Cas turned away towards the kitchen counter. “It’s not an insult, Dean, you don’t have to throw it back at me.”
Dean looked at the elbow he’d just coughed into as though expecting to see blood there. “Oh no friggin’ way – not happening.”
Bobby, just one more fake, just like Dean wasn’t really himself anymore.
Thirty seconds in one of their rickety dining chairs and Dean was already endangering it’s structure by leaning right back in it. They were definitely never getting their deposit back. “What if it was- ”
It was a general hunger for blood, for flesh, while it was still warm. Animals would do, but they weren’t good enough. Other monsters would do. Humans were the best. Sometime during that first day of meeting a few of his new family and learning how to hunt without the need for weapons, of impressing them, he started thinking of humans as other. But he didn’t examine it much. He was what he was right now. That was hungry, and then it wasn’t. And then the one who’d saved him, made him, the one called Benny – he clapped a hand down on his shoulder as the sun started rising and he knew it had been a long time since he’d felt this at peace.
He looked like a giant, lost puppy and she almost relented. “Of – of course. I’ll let you know.”
“Liar,” the angel said without hesitation. “You did this to protect someone.” His face slid into something like pity, and Dean couldn’t stand to keep looking at it.
Thanks so much to everyone following along who's had patience despite the slow progression. Hope everyone's keeping safe out in our own fun crisis times!
“It’s my concern because I’m concerned, Dean.”
He was working up to it, but Dean couldn’t quite meet his eyes for that. He had time, he’d get there. Instead, he looked at his feet, and stopped to pick up a nice-looking stone to skim. It sank on the second bounce, which cheered him up a little. That felt more real than he was worried Heaven was gonna be.
“Nothing since that helpful email yesterday about feeling for us in this difficult time.”
“Well that worked out.”
“You’ll be alright out here?” Sam gestured at the building they’d stopped next to. It might have been a school, once. Dean sat down by what remained of the front gates.
“We need to establish firm boundaries, and rules.”
Ruby followed them into the kitchen smiling and trying to imagine her own father ever offering to make her hot chocolate, never mind with trimmings. “Oh, I’m open to most things, you know me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Your bosses are thrilled with the work you’re doing, but they’re worried about some of the latest losses. They want to make sure everything’s all right with you before you get out there again. So they’ve mandated a few therapy sessions for you with myself.”
Cas shook his head and dove in, spotting the offending waistcoat in question. “This do?”
“That…”
to get to tell me. And I made him think he couldn’t say it. I made him
Cas was no great connoisseur of whiskey, but after finishing his second glass that evening, he decided he was enjoying this particular bottle which John Winchester must have bestowed them with some years ago. He was also enjoying, shamelessly, considering their issue with it the other day, how close Dean insisted on being to him while drinking it as they continued to ignore the reality show thrown on in the background.
than the dog’s entire body!)
Cas smiled at him. “You’re letting me drive the car?”
Hearing Sam speak so openly about how he felt made him ache for more, to be honest with him. Sam told him about how they couldn’t agree on alcohol rations to split for their night out, and Dean wanted to complain about Cas – his boyfriend – and his unbelievable alcohol tolerance and had to stop himself. They didn’t do that – tell people about them.
Though he didn’t turn to see it, Dean knew exactly what face Cas was making. “Well, is it?”
Dean smiled more around Eileen than he had with weeks of just Sam and the dog, but he didn’t even muster up a single bad joke about Eileen staying in Sam’s room for most of the weekend, so he wasn’t fooling Sam. But it did ease the stress a little. They’d still barely spoken, other than one blazing argument about going out on another hunt, which Dean had found and Sam refused. The argument had started when Sam said he wasn’t going to let Dean go either, since he still wasn’t convinced Dean hadn’t gotten himself impaled partly on purpose.
Their Dad hadn’t come home since he’d hit Sam for the first time. He’d asked Dean to check out the carnival disappearances and then disappeared himself, as usual.
Ruby put her laptop down on the table. “I mean, yeah. It doesn’t sound like the dumbest idea I’ve had in the last couple of days, and you’re insanely good looking -”
Clapping his hands together, once, Dean leaned forwards with new eagerness. “Dude, this is great, you’re onboard, let’s roll.”
Cas felt a flicker of strangulated longing rush through Dean’s brain as he stared down at the bunker’s tabletop, and he that knew Dean was slowly coming to the same conclusion Cas had hours ago, a year ago. But he hadn’t been lying – the last thing he wanted to do was force someone into saying or doing something they clearly weren’t ready to.
“And what d’you think I’d do out there?”
“Just, just give me a minute,” he said roughly. “I’ll do it, I’ll see you out there.”
“Yeah, I hear that I also just wanted to ask… uh, the uh… Knives Room…?”
“You don’t seem pathetic to me.”
One last desperate hope he’d had was that Michael, the family Cas was so certain he didn’t want Dean to meet, was some kind of awful person who was forcing Cas’s hand. But the guy seemed normal. Nice, even. Not a religious psycho, not a judgemental type…
When Dean answered the door, he was laughing. “I’m sorry. I uh, I have company over.”
“Disappointed?”
“Did you hook up with someone last night?” Victor chimed in. “Didn’t I say -”
“We just went abroad a lot. Oh -”
Dean nodded thoughtfully, then pouted. “Y’sure we
Cas had been sure Dean was just going to curse at him for that, but, for some reason it was all too effective as a line. Unable to hold back any longer, Cas came moments behind him. If it hadn’t been for Dean’s rapidly flopping legs, Cas would have collapsed on top of him.
Eventually, Cas nodded, and he took out his knife. A moment later, Dean hands were curled viciously around the soft fur, and his jaws were clamped around its neck with obvious relish.
There was no reason for Jack – for his Jack – to look so relieved, so overwhelmed at the sight of him when he’d only just left him alone.
“I am watching the – ah, shit.”
“Cas?”
Cas had mused once that if they kept walking they might eventually find an ocean – that maybe Purgatory was its own functional dimension that mimicked the real world. Maybe they’d be able to cross the Purgatory-Pacific, or the Purgatory-Atlantic. Benny had given Dean a pleading look at that.
iiiiiiiiit's another flashback chapter.
Sam shook his head, not needing to hesitate. “I think so. There’s a lot of people that have died that I – that I would like to bring back…” Sam paused. Something about the way that Eileen needed to see clearly what he was saying made him have to decide more about what he wanted to say before he said it. He liked the way it made him think. “But I don’t think there’s anyone I would have brought back over you.”
“Yeah, and I tried asking Crowley about what happened to them after the party, but he got all infuriatingly smug and tight-lipped – Sam? You listening?”
Dean snorted, nearly making the mistake of banging his head on the bars too hard. “Oh, you’re serious. No, of course he couldn’t, genius.”
“So. You got any rich family willing to throw money at us if this fails?”
There was a pause as Cas seemed to genuinely consider this. “It might make me feel better.”
Cas had pouted, clearly frustrated Dean would ask something so obvious. “It’s the brightest one.”
The problem, she admitted to herself, flicking childishly at her bathwater, was that she
“Fuck, that’s cold.”
Dean turned on the bar stool to look at where Crowley had aimed his pointed nod – towards the stage, where currently the CEO, Harriet Hess, was tapping at the microphone and beckoning two people onto the stage. The first was Toni Bevell, Hess’s long-term assistant. Behind her was…
pathetic in getting away. Right.
“Look we’re not actually tourists.”
Which was partly why he was so certain it was a bad idea.
Dean looked up, somehow unsurprised to see Cas’s well-dressed older brother smiling down at him.
But now they were chatting about their lives and cooking together and sharing blankets on the couch.
“You bring food?”
“I’m planning to have my brother and his fiancé around this week…”
“Do I need to be hearing about this particular internet browse?”
Hearing the scrape of a chair on the floor, Sam froze and prepared for a hasty retreat.
Dean glared at the whiskey his friend was helpfully pouring into his waiting glass. “Ok, so what if I do care. What does it change? Just… I’m an idiot.”
“Jack?”
He’d never been so
“You know I have a car. Why rent one?”
He woke up covered in blood.
For a moment, they both dropped the pretence of socialising and watched Dean and Benny together. Dean had managed to convince them not to attack the humans on sight, but Cas wasn’t sure where the conversation had gone since. Though it certainly had involved a lot of arm touching, as though reassuring themselves the other was still there.
Sam gave him a look. “Cas.” When his friend continued to say nothing, Sam cleared his throat and took his own turn staring at the cafetiere, which neither of them had pressed down yet, still. “I’m thinking that since you arranged all this, and it clearly means a lot to you… Look, me and Dean weren’t seeing much of each other before it happened. We didn’t live close, our lives kept us busy – whatever.” As Sam was speaking, he noticed that Cas’s whole frame seemed to droop, like his shoulders had just become ten times heavier. “But I knew enough. I knew that something broke his heart. I know that’s part of why he went off on that dumbass mission in the first place.”
-died.”
Cas blinked, allowing some of his power to retreat. Dean was speaking. Dean was in front of him – not tied up, not anymore. He must have escaped while Cas had left him alone. And now he was free and begging with him to –
Sam had even less idea of what Cas was or what was driving him, but he decided that he trusted him more than ever. With that in mind, he addressed the staring group gathering back towards him as Cas picked Dean up effortlessly in his arms and started to carry him away.
“Would it work?”
“Like now – right now, you’re doing it!” Dean growled in frustration, hating, as always, how animalistic the sound was. “Why is my family so interesting to you?”
“This is the address you found in Bobby’s book, yes?”
“What?”
“What about when you’re performing? Can’t you escape then?”
“But you remember him?” Sam didn’t even know where to start with the not-human thing yet. Thrilled as he was that Dean was talking to him, he still didn’t fully trust him – just as he didn’t fully trust Cas.
There was sniffing at the door, and though there were none of the words that Dean had heard them use already, he was sure there was more than one of them out there.
Ruby also hadn’t replied to him.
Sam made good hot chocolate. He made good hot chocolate and he’d taught his kids a song to sing while they waited for his to cool properly and he made sure that everyone had the same number of marshmallows and when Mary spilt most of her’s he made sure she helped clean it up and then he calmly made her another one.
Sensing Dean watching him a good deal more than he was expecting him to and enjoying the attention, Cas took his time pushing a syrup-laden mouthful onto his fork and bringing it up to his face.
“Hello,” Cas said, as he stopped walking. The camp was quiet now, bar the occasional cough, and though Cas knew they were surrounded by his sleeping team and being guarded by three staying up to keep watch, they could have been alone out there.
“You freeze bagels?”
“Hey,” Dean said with an awkward wave he wanted to bury himself for as the owner of the ugly car stepped out of it and was… definitely not ugly.
heal – Dean’s not damaged, he’s just different.”
At least it seemed… small? She could walk around here…
“Why don’t you own any fresh food?” Cas asked, his face much closer than he liked to the inside of their fridge, which hadn’t been cleaned up since the last time their landlord had made an appearance.
go anywhere.” But he stayed perched on the couch’s arm until he’d watched Dean fall asleep again.
Dean shrugged, threatening to dismantle the blanket draped over his shoulders. “That’s ‘cause you usually sleep through the mornings. I always cook breakfast for visitors,” he said, smirking as he shuffled the pan.
“Not bad. That memory foam really does work.”
“I mean I – we’ve – got family here, but there’s no parents anymore, it’s just us, so… yeah, unlike him. Are you avoiding family?”
He almost stopped the car. That was definitely Cas’s voice breaking up the Kansas song.
“I just wanted to see you, to talk to you.”
Sam was ready for him to lunge, but he still almost wasn’t quick enough in getting his blade out. They both circled each other, and Sam felt a slight sense of relief. This he could do. He was about to make a feinting move forwards when Benny was distracted by something. The look of horror on the monster’s face told him he should look too.
Although Cas hadn’t decided yet if that had been the outcome he’d been seeking, he held on back.
“Hi,” the man with the ugly, ugly gold car but the beautiful, beautiful mussed up sex hair that didn’t even look like it was there on purpose said, looking at the house as though it confused him. “Are you Ruby’s…?”
Trying to ignore the rumbling of the plane as it started to move its way along the runway, Dean opened and shut his eyes a few times, wishing he could pretend the nightmare away.
Dean was sitting on the end of his bed, half-dressed and looking shell-shocked.
“…Cool.”
Dean wanted him. Fuck, he was so long past admitting that to himself. If he wanted to be really honest,
“Less whiskery, maybe.”
“What’s that, chipmunk?” Dean swooped in from the kitchen and leaned in towards the camera.
Nodding as Sam glanced back at him, silently motioning that they should move forwards, Cas found himself staring at the back of his head, lost in thought, as the rest of their small team moved in behind them. Sam hadn’t seemed like much of a natural leader when Cas had first met him, approaching him after one of his classes. He was certainly able to command the attention of his group of teenagers, but Cas wouldn’t have been able to imagine him leading a charge against a wall of unfamiliar monsters, even knowing he was Dean’s brother. But now he’d seen it for himself and had no more doubts. Sam was the sort of person people wanted to listen to, wanted to follow. And the reason for his drive in what he did was so clear, so
Cas watched as Charlie heaved out a long sigh. “Sam…”
“Sam, this is for you,” he said, fingers sore from the pressure of holding down the button, of keeping the channel open. “This is it for me. I had a good run. If I have anything it’s yours, alright? And tell -” Dean swallowed and released the button to laugh at himself. Tell who? Tell him what?
Dean of course, was in
“Maybe you could
They talked some more after Dean stopped the car, and then Sam got out and walked away. Dean felt the ghostly fear that everyone was, again, leaving him, before he relaxed. They had all the time in the world, and maybe God was even on their side this time.
of all places with almost no notice, with every intention to spend Christmas there alone…?
“I’ve been there - a little,” Jack said, smiling almost shyly. “I’ve been trying to increase their numbers – the right way, this time, I think. Heaven’s better. I’ve… I’ve been speaking with Mary a lot. She… she wanted me to say hello.”
“That’s…” Awesome, Dean wanted to say. Finally, somehow, they were on the same page at the same time. Even if they did have to die to get there together.
And Cas wasn’t there beside him.
Dean shrugged as he watched Crowley make an obnoxious cocktail order. “Maybe you should. Y’know. Throw your weight around a little, remind ‘em who’s boss.”
“What…” Cas said quietly, as he got to his feet. Cas, who was fine and right there beside Dean, walking and talking, not stabbed, not dead.
“C’mon, I’m a genius.”
“No, angels don’t need to,” Cas said distractedly as Dean heard him sitting up. “Dean, what’s your last name?”
He shrugged. “Long enough. Do you want me to go get Cas?”
It stung more than it had a right to, hearing Dean talk about other creatures like they were the only love he’d ever known, like they’d always been his to defend. “When did they find you?”
Cas nodded and kept his eyes scanning their route ahead. He was responsible for their small team of a dozen people being out there in the first place, and now they were right in the centre of the place where Dean’s last voice message had come in from. If anything happened to any of them now, it was going to be on him. He knew that for himself he had little to fear, but the rest of them…
Unlike the rest of them, she wasn’t tied up.
“How’d you sleep?” she asked, turning herself around to face him.
each other…”
“We got another eleven days in here,” Dean reminded him, leaning his head back on the couch arm. “I’ll wear you down.”
do that – not in front of people.
It was guilt more than hope which had carried him this far. Guilt, and a lack of interest in anything waiting back home for him.
Feeling his face burn, Sam’s eyes skidded away to the door. “Uh… Just something I thought he’d like. It’s. It’s dumb, I’ll bring them back.”
Cas had intended it as a light joke to stop things from becoming so serious. He wasn’t expecting Dean to blush like his fever had just returned with a vengeance.
“Did you leave him alone up there?” Sam asked, only processing after that Cas had clearly been crying.
“Listen To Us And Leave Him Behind,” Cas ordered. Because it was an order, when he spoke like this, when he allowed himself to be like this. His people had seen the beginning of the world and been its end. They might meet mortal ends, but they were not animals, not really creatures of earth. Those that were would have to listen to him, would have to Obey…
“If you get in the car and find out, sure,” Dean said, looking up to check he wasn’t pushing this, but to his relief saw a puzzled smile tugging up the corners of Cas’s lips as he climbed into the other side of the car.
Raising his eyebrows, Dean craned his neck, trying to read Cas’s writing on the pad. “Wait is this like a contract? Like a Fifty Shades Contract?”
“For now?”
Dean smiled, still not looking up. “Yeah, I know.”
“No, just… ease on in there.” Dean grinned in what looked like relief. “You feel amazing.”
When they’d managed to make contact with Anna about Michael she’d promised to look into ideas about helping Dean, but she hadn’t sounded very optimistic. Mostly, she too had sounded angry.
“Neither did Kenny.”
been fun – so much so that Ruby was reluctant to think on it as a mistake at all.
Especially tiny, fluffy animals that had learnt to play fetch with Dean’s favourite kitchen spoon.
“Thoughts on ‘em?”
Ruby was about to start saying something else when Sam swept her into his arms, and in moments she was straddling his waist as he pulled a hand up through her hair.
But they hadn’t got very far yet. And for some reason Dean was expecting a lot from him.
“Oh, yeah. Cult family, right?”
“No way,” Dean asserted, clambering out of the car. “This had gotta be a major pilgrimage site.”
Dean scowled at the mention of Cas’s name. “You shouldn’t have him out there either.”
Dean, who’d wanted Cas to admit that he cared. But whatever the right words had been for Cas to say they’d never even formed in his mind.
“But, uh… you alright?”
More specifically, he’d
“Look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Cas had maybe chosen to selectively forget about that. “Oh, right. Benny does seem very…” He struggled, trying to think of something positive to say about Benny. It wasn’t that Cas had anything against him, but though they’d known each other for years, they’d never exactly… gelled.
“That sounds peaceful,” Cas said, with a theatrical sigh.
“And I’m terrified,” Dean continued, like now he’d started it was beyond him to stop talking, “because if this works and we lose you... last time you went into that place I thought that was it and I.... I didn’t cope, man. I gave up. And I was so close to just...”
Dean laughed. “I have a few colleagues who would definitely be upset to hear you say that…”
“No, look, we’re fine. Nothing’s happening. Just quit asking about it.”
fun to clean up.”
He hoped Sam had found the car.
As Dean switched on the laptop it made the weirdest sputtering noise, and sparked in his hands. Dean didn’t drop it, but he came close. “What the
“It looks like they’re moving off…”
“That’s not… that’s not very comforting, Sam.”
“Yeah, yeah. Enough with the pyschobabble shit.”
“I did. I didn’t expect to see it in my lifetime, but -”
“Nothing. It’s just…” Dean took one last look around. Fully powered Cas had been able to spy on them unseen, once upon a time. Did he see anything worth watching here? “I had some things I wanted to tell him.”
“New me isn’t sure either. I’ve met a whole bunch of different creatures, but I’ve never seen anything like you. You smell…
Dean tightened his grip around Cas’s face, his other hand scrabbling back through Cas’s dark hair. “Nothing, y’hear me? You did what you had to.”
“I can’t believe I never really thought about who funded it all.” Sam shook his head, as though, out of all people, he was mad at himself. “I think I was so happy to be safe I never even thought much about the politics of how the whole thing had started. It’ll be a project moving past things when he’s gone…” Sam seemed to catch himself. “I’m sorry. Were you ever… close?”
, and she was finally getting to listen through one of the albums that she’d meant to get around to listening to for months.
And then they were alone again. “So. Did she wear white?”
“We’re here now.”
“Would you leave it alone? And
Patiently, Sam sat himself down. “How are you sure Cas isn’t human? Can you… smell it?”
Cas said nothing.
“Look I’m not saying I’m a genius, but… I’m done with it, and it’s perfect. I’d click on it.”
“So… I’m guessing escape is hard,” Dean started, getting a smile from Charlie at least.
For a moment, Dean wondered what he looked like to Cas – what colour his eyes might be, if his fangs were obvious, if his broken nose suited his face, if his stubbly little beard he’d had Benny keep trimmed for him made him look like some dipshit coffee hipster that hadn’t washed in weeks. Because he hadn’t. They hadn’t been near that much clean water in a good while.
But there was only one ticket into the Empty. And wasn’t it
They were human, they were fragile.
Sam nodded. “Yeah – but, Dean it’s been weeks…”
“My big brother usually puts me up in our childhood home instead of letting me drive drunk.”
“Maybe you should kill people for me more often,” Dean mumbled as he was maneuvered into sitting up enough for Cas to take his shirt up over his head.
“But… isn’t Sam still in danger?”
Cas was here.
“Just don’t crash her.”
And the weird thing was that they did – he did. The guy – Garth – was a distracting natterer and Dean focused on his breathing, focused on his borrowed fucking fidget cube and flicking the switch part of it on and off and on again. And it felt like an eternity of torment but by the time the pilot announced their descent Dean almost felt like he could remember how to breathe again like a normal living person.
months? I wished for a bed for a night that wouldn’t come with any unwanted advances when this weird little man found me on a park bench.”
As Dean worked on the truck they fell into a new routine. Cas would spend the day scavenging, and the other part of the day watching Dean work. He’d attempted to help out the second day when Dean had left to hunt, but Dean had warned him off with a few withering insults about his competency that had only been partly a joke. In the nights they usually slept in the first class lounge, but that got boring, so they moved around.
Cas blinked. “I’m sorry, my
Sam had watched Dean die more times than he’d done almost anything.
The girl smiled, showing off her sharp canines. “They’ve come back to get us.”
“And besides,” Cas continued, apparently unable to help himself, “as I said, you’re probably helping both your brother and the world if you stay stuck in here. Against the sort of things coming for him, nothing you could do could protect him. The best you can hope for is that with this being your fate, that nothing will be forced fast enough, that they will keep Lucifer from escaping for another generation or so. Perhaps if Sam has children it will be them the attentions of the archangels turn to.”
“Bill likes to move us through different planes when we travel. Currently, we move through a minor passage of the fae realm,” the ‘angel’ Castiel told him, without opening his eyes or sitting up from where he was slumped against the other side of the cage.
What was Dean even meant to say to that?
“Mmm?” Cas might have dragged his eyes away from Dean’s only to become distracted by the TV again.
“According to my brother I’ve started sounding it when I’m drunk but yeah no, I’m from Kansas originally.” Dean smiled as he opened the door and did another
Sam arrived with his bag of food a few hours later, and Dean brought it into their apartment like it was a dead animal he’d been forced to clear off the stairwell. “This enough fresh food for you?”
The guy had to know what he was doing. Had to.
“Thanks. But…”
Cas could look at Dean. “You’re
It was a kid. A girl who only came up to Ruby’s thigh, who had big eyes and thick brown hair.
“…Guilt? And no offence, Dean, but after Cas last time you weren’t exactly…”
“That’s nuts.”
“No,” Charlie said with assurance. “They do something to us every time that they let us out of the cages.”
“I don’t think it’s too late to run,” Cas pointed out. He looked like he was doing his best not to move anything but his lips. “He’s not – Ah.”
Not because they got to walk out of their cages and socialise or anything civilised like that, but he and Castiel’s cages were put out next to two other carts that, while very clearly cages, were not anything like their one.
to be? I’m sorry,” he added again, apparently remembering himself. “This is… prying.”
before Cas Phantom-Menaced him into two halves of oblivion.
“I know, but I also know that they’re going to make some of the people get married, and that seems cruel when its so obvious that none of these marriages are going to work.”
Cas cocked his head to one side, and it was hard not to smile as they watched the dog mirror his movements. “Doesn’t he look a little like a Balthazar?”
He didn’t look for gas. He wandered around a souvenir shop and ended up looking at postcards, imagining for a moment that he was the kind of person who ever would have sent one, or ever gone far enough away to send one. Imagining that he was that person and that there was a functioning postal service around to use.
Smiling gratefully, Cas took a halting few steps forward. “Yes, and I wasn’t ready for rejection. I was at peace, I had new purpose.” He swallowed. “I thought you were happy.”
“Hey, he named his
“Hey, dude – are you ok?”
“You are?” Sam’s voice sounded a little gone at this point, but his eyes hadn’t looked away from her’s, and not in a terrified way.
“I should have. But Cas -” Dean’s voice was slowly getting stronger, but still not certain. “Cas deserved to hear me say it. But he deserved better than picking me.”
“What happened to Victor?” Dean narrowed his eyes, only half-joking when he looked at Cas and asked, “did you kill him too?”
And then one night Dean thought he messed it up forever when he went in for a kiss and didn’t find Cas leaning in to that empty space to meet him there. He’d swallowed and pulled back, meeting his friend’s equally uneasy gaze. God, his friend, who he’d now fucked things up with because he was drunk and couldn’t keep it in his pants –
But before he did anything he should probably answer his messages first. Victor wanted to know why he hadn’t come into work. Crowley wanted to know if he’d gone and done something ‘stupid’. And then…
It wouldn’t have felt weird before, was all he could think to himself the next day as he gave up on eating and started jacking himself off, ignoring the lifeless stare of the dead creature beside him. He should have eaten the eyes but again, that felt weird now, and they’d always been his least favourite part.
Dean thought he heard the invitation there, but he barrelled on. He still had a lifetime of questions before he could get to anything else whatever undefined form that everything else might take.
“Right? Like he’s grumpy, sure, but what an awsesome -”
It was Cas, not staying with Dean, but walking down towards them.
Oh God that voice. It was about five octaves lower than Dean had been expecting, and it made something in his nether regions turn somersaults in response.
got fired by email.” He coughed again. “And now my throat really fucking hurts. Can you?” His hand gestured and reached for the glass on the table.
“We do have painkillers.”
Ruby had always hated waiting in doorways. The invention of cell phones had nearly eradicated this situation for her until now when for some fucking reason she’d decided that surprising someone who was basically a one night stand
It was all too easy to dwell on the hard truths when all his mind was drawn back to was, well. Dean. Who would have been merciless in making fun of him if he’d been around to hear Cas air that thought aloud.
“And I wanted to see you because… because I miss you.”
, Ruby thought, remembering his height as he shifted his weight, looked puzzled. “…
“Tell the team it wasn’t anyone’s fault. I can’t hurt anyone else out here. And I’m gonna be okay.”
Dean shrugged. “Suit yourself,” he sighed, and started walking away like he believed he was walking a catwalk.
Cas cocked his head to one side, eyes narrowing. “Yes.”
“Well?” Cas asked as Dean stared up at the trees above him. Occasionally he remembered that skies could really look like that in December and freaked out a little again.
Cas made a sound that was dangerously close to a growl. “
When Cas didn’t look away, Dean allowed a thought he hadn’t even considered yet enter his head. “Am I -” he put the bottle down with a thunk. “Is…? Are you getting off on this whole…” Dean made a rapid gesture over his canine teeth. “
“Was a demon.”
“Uh, Scotland, so a long-ass way.”
“Alright, so this is just full on Heaven for you too then?”
“I’m sure you’ll come to love your new home soon, but all things in time, demon, all things in time.”
Neither spoke for a few moments. Dean had been getting better at picking up sign language lately – Sam wondered if Eileen was being as quiet as it sounded.
“Not exactly. Yeah, it’s literally just me and my brother these days – Dad didn’t exactly keep track of family when he hauled us off to the other side of the world. So we’ve never had issues following any fall-outs our second or third cousins might be having or whatever.”
“Ruby’s ex, she’s your…”
“Someone knock me out again. And when I wake up there’d better be food. Or somebody here’s about to be it.”
Cas felt a little awkwardness return to him as he paced back around to Dean’s side of the couch, but the look on Dean’s face kept him relaxed. Dean was clearly enjoying this already, and Cas was doing that, so he felt on top of the world as he sat down and pinned one hand across Dean’s body to the couch arm he was resting on. “Take off your pants.”
“You’re doing the voice again!”
Crowley shook his head. “I think you’ve been through too many world-ending events. I think it’s messed with your little brain and now you don’t know how to be happy. Last time I saw you relax you were a demon.”
The words were becoming more slurred and Cas was becoming less certain that Dean was still entirely
“Yeah, I do.”
“Seriously,” Dean muttered as they passed through the crowds. “What the -”
Dean’s breath actually smelt intoxicating now, and every moment they were on the couch together drinking it seemed like an unspoken rule that one of them had to have at least one hand on the other at all times. It was comfortable and exciting all at once, and Cas was rapidly becoming too drunk to care that he didn’t know how to react to any of it. Because for the first time since the filming, Cas felt back in control.
Fuck, these people were taking
“And in the unlikely circumstance that Dean is one of them, you think that would be easier, be better, than if we find that he died?”
“What we’re going to be listening to tonight folks, is nepotism at its finest.”
Sam thought he understood how Dean was feeling, but he only really realised the depth of how worried, in love and broken inside his brother was when he started crying at the sight of the thirty-five guinea pigs Sam had left in their cages by the door.
“I’m not saying I did it on purpose! I just… it was something I thought about, sometimes. You gotta know I was always going to go looking.” Dean laughed. “Only real worry was I wouldn’t be making it up here. Still thought there was a half chance I’d be bargaining with Rowena right about now.”
Dean shrugged, bobbing his head along to the music, and suddenly vaguely self-conscious about his radio station choice. He was in a car with one of his musical heroes and the radio station was playing Air Supply.
“Sometimes it’s hard to come back and fix things if you feel like you’ve broken them. But you’re not in this alone.” His eyes were brimming with a very human amount of hope. “And I see you, Jack.”
“It’s bigger than it looks. There’s another lounge room downstairs.”
Cas took the plate, retreating to the side of the kitchen. “So is the video looking… successful?”
“What face?”
Nodding slowly, Sam lowered himself down to the ground. “Ok. But… you spoke with Cas? You remember everything?”
“You…?”
It was maddening. Every time he started to believe that things might be able to go back to something like normal, that he could get over his little fixation, Dean would be there, doing or saying something that was impossible to ignore.
“Dean?”
“People didn’t like that it didn’t have many deaths?”
“I wanted to -” Cas swallowed. He looked frightened. Maybe he was gonna die of fright too. “I wanted to see if you were alright.”
The dog’s tail started thumping down on Cas’s leg as the argument seemed to be finished with. Sam sat down on the stool next to Cas while Dean walked out of the room, flinging a hand dismissively in the air behind him.
He could almost feel the shape of the words an older, different version of him might have said, sitting there unused on his tongue; the muscle memory of the smile he might have given ready to guide him. But it was like who he’d been was a round hole, and he wasn’t even a square peg, but a shape with more sides than Dean knew how to identify. There was no fitting him back in that shape.
That specifically wrecked voice threatened to completely undo Cas, but he teased the plug out of Dean. It was bigger and pinker than Cas had been expecting, but he refrained from making jokes, and told himself that was for the camera. “Whatever you need.”
Whatever Dean was now, he was fast. Sam had almost let himself forget how fast. He would need to be careful not to forget again.
Sam didn’t flinch but Dean knew that was only because he’d concentrated on not flinching. Sighing, Dean felt remorse grip him. But he still knew he needed to make sure Sam understood how dangerous he was. If his little brother got it in his head to let him out…
Dean checked his watch. “Anyway. Guess I’d better take this one out before it starts raining out there.”
“Festively? And isn’t it still like, November?”
Ruby clicked airplane mode on, giving up on the thought exercise. She had no close family she spoke to, her ex-girlfriend was a cheating piece of shit and friends outside of work took effort. She didn’t need to make arrangements for any pets whilst she was away.
But it turned out that it wasn’t as easy as it had sounded in his head to get slyly or casually into a book-cart without either toppling all the books out or breaking the little faux-wooden plastic cart which Dean eventually started rattling in frustration. “Sonovabitch”, he muttered under his breath. And then he had to suppress what may have been more of a girly scream than he’d have thought himself capable of when a hand tapped him on the shoulder.
“Castiel?”
And a slightly frightening one.
Dean twitched, not looking up. “I guess.”
do something, right?”
to choose me. So go home, forget about me. I’m giving you an out.”
Dean’s grin widened, though it was rattling his how quick Sam was figuring this out. “When is anything we do ever either of those things? Jeez, Sammy, don’t look the gift horse in the mouth.”
“We really did it, Dean, I promise. We remade Heaven. We broke the walls down and opened it all up.”
Dean’s jaw dropped. “Meg Masters? Serious? Dude, I love those movies.” He inhaled quickly. “
“Bitch,” Dean muttered, and threw the brightly coloured box across the living room towards his door. “Have fun meal planning, I’m getting back to work.”
It took time, but eventually Dean started to understand what it was they were moving through everyday. It was like a dream version of what the real scenery of the area or like they were going too fast to see it clearly – though it didn’t feel as though they were moving any quicker than a snail’s pace.
Dean had people he wanted to see too.
“I know,” Dean said, winking at him, then looking mortified. “I’m sorry was that… too much again?”
Flatteringly, those blue eyes widened. “Were you at all responsible for the Blue Oyster Cult in the Chernobyl section?”
“I will, I just don’t want to get my clothes all sticky and strawberry-smelling.”
“I’m… I’m not sure.”
Sam’s tracking led them towards an old church building on a hill, on the edge of what looked like the remains of a small town.
Now Cas stopped digging again. “Would you like me to?”
Dean had been hustling pool too long to be much of a real gambler himself. Gambling money, when that meant no food coming onto the table for him and Sam, that wasn’t something he was prepared to risk.
“I think he just knows you’re about to take him out and he’s getting impatient,” Cas soothed, not wanting to admit he also found it a little disquieting. This wasn’t the first time the dog had seemed to react to what they were saying.
“The ordering around and everything was
At least she hadn’t sworn in front of them yet…
Dean had killed people, eaten people. But at least he’d been doing it to keep himself alive.
those.
“…yes. That.” Cas shook his head, hating that Dean was still looking at him like that. “I just – I hated my early life as soon as I understood what it was, but I was loved. And there was… there was always touching – and I know that sounds weird, but I just mean that leaving that behind I had to learn to live without everyone I lived with being so tactile. It had been years later when we met but you still thought I was weird, remember?”
But it was sort of bolstering in its own way, remembering he wasn’t the only one in the world not looking forward to the holiday season. Trying to send yourself to Dundee for Christmas, alone… wow.
“One moment,” Cas entreated, allowing himself one lick. “The taste is… bearable.”
“I’m afraid that’s exactly what it means. This is now officially a John Denver appreciating household.”
From his position in the corridor, Sam couldn’t be sure if the sound his brother made next was a laugh or a sob. “Yeah, well he wasn’t always known for making smart decisions.”
Leaning his head back, Dean let a slow breath out. “Well that seems like an easy bar to pass.”
“You did not have to. C’mon, man. You said I might have saved the world. I think I should get to know how. How else are you hoping I’m going to keep it saved?”
“Well it still suits you,” Cas said, keeping his eyes studiously trained on the laptop.
“…That really wasn’t what I was getting from that.”
“What, like you kicked me out?”
like they were surrounded by thousands at a concert.
Though his brain told him to watch the road, as Cas forced the car off the road and straight into a tree, all Dean could do was look at the angel’s face, and watch his lips as they curved into a wicked little smile.
Sam glanced at his brother’s nightstand and saw that Dean hadn’t left his gun out before going to bed. He must have felt safe.
This time, Cas took a while to answer. “I’m not sure. I don’t think I had the capacity to recognise what I felt, not at first. But when we asked you to torture Alistair -”
Cas maybe jumped a little quick at the first opportunity when Lilith complained at the big pre-Christmas clan gathering that she regretted not bringing her good hair straighteners back with her. In fact, he agreed so quickly that she actually squinted her eyes at him, briefly drawn out of her own bubble of narcissism long enough to focus on another person.
“I’m sorry we separated you from them. I know that had to have been hard, Dean.”
“I’m not sure,” Cas said, hating that his first thought for an answer was,
Dean made a face and considered lying or having to leave this guy on the side of the road out of principle. “Ex-boyfriend getting married.”
She was known as a person who made decisions, who took risks, and then stuck with them. That’s why she was so successful at what she did. She got gut feelings, and she trusted them.
“Because all I’m hearing is challenge.”
Not that she should really be comparing Sam to Lilith. For one, Sam was strictly a fling and Lilith had been someone she’d lived with, had been someone
“Our friends might see it. Our future bosses might see it.”
for the sympathy.”
“I’ve been giving out sympathy for six hours now, my supply is running a little low,” Crowley said dryly, watching Dean’s glass with something like concern. “What were you hoping was gonna happen, if this hadn’t happened?”
“But these days I work in games.” Dean scratched at the back of his head. “…You ever hear of
“Why do people keep asking me that lately? No, I’m not. I do not have that much luggage space.”
“You, uh, you still sure about that?” Sam asked, as Ruby tried to figure whether his face showed disappointment or relief.
person who’d be coming back to him soon. He’d failed his sister, who, for some reason, had always believed that he was strong and smart enough to follow her example.
“-But I went home that summer never intending to return to them again. I was going to come back to you – I wanted nothing more to do with them.”
“No, I couldn’t have. Jack did bring me out of the empty, but only through some legal wrangling I’m sure Sam will be proud of. I’m human again, Dean.”
Her eyes widened at the sight of him, and as she gave her last gasps Dean wondered if she’d died of fright.
His smile widened as Dean frantically took another few steps back, almost tripping up on the rubble at his feet.
“I’m sorry I… wasn’t entirely straight with you.”
“What do you mean “Ended the World?””
“You know,” Dean said, still mesmerised by the sight of their fingers entwined, “none of this is convincing me this isn’t fake.”
Dean reached over for the extra pillow and thumped it against Cas’s chest. “Well, I don’t know. You were so quiet when you moved in, it was weird. I barely even saw you the first week or so. And you were so goddamn
“What do you wanna know?”
That wasn’t true, Dean thought, like Cas had already walked away from him, like he’d already watched it happen. Why would he stay? Nobody stuck around. His Mom had been raised from the dead just to see him and even she didn’t want to be around him more than a few hours every few months. Cas especially, he wasn’t ever gonna –
The kid continued to stare up at her. “Do you want any hot chocolate?”
“I could call Claire and get her to admit that she sees you as a father figure.”
Right decision. Absolutely.
“Well… I’ve been here… three years? And I think I can only remember that day you took for your aunt’s funeral, so…”
Dean usually spent his alcohol rations all at once, and he usually did that after therapy.
He flinched when he felt the touch of Cas’s hand on his, reaching out of the grave. “I’m staying, Dean.”
“What
was both a critical and commercial flop.”
(Why did Sam have to
“So do you,” Sam bit back as he tossed over a beer which Dean weighed up in his hand for a few moments before opening it with his keys.
Dean opened his eyes again to better be able to glare at the man sitting next to him. “Think I’m ok. ‘nks.”
“The humans needed judged; they needed purged,” Michael asserted, beginning to pace around the device. “But this has very possibly been… too much of a good thing. I think this has been enough of a purge to rebuild – with the right people in charge of progress this time.”
Sam wrinkled his nose and smiled, looking a little suspicious. “That’s just the local chippy smell. But now this organic place we’re heading up to, I mean it Ruby it’s -”
“…And he did,” Cas finished for him.
“…Young.”
This was fucking nuts. He was running away from his only family at Christmas, getting on a plane, which he’d agreed to do only on only a tiny traumatic handful of times in his life, and going there alone. And because… what, so he could get some warm weather?
He wasn’t sure when he’d changed his mind on it, but Dean had stopped finding it creepy that Cas never slept. Dean fell asleep on the couch covered in an old moth-eaten blanket as he let Cas stroke his hair while the third
“C’mon, I’m sick.”
Dean’s voice, wavering like he was unsure about who could be creeping around their house in the middle of the night, was surprisingly coming from the living room. Taking a deep breath to steady himself, Cas changed direction and rounded the corner. There Dean was again on that spot on the couch – waiting for Cas to do something.
“What am I – what the Hell d’you mean, what am
The man, the
“You like being shown off, don’t you?”
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean didn’t really notice himself move, or how his hands guided Cas’s chin towards him like that was the most natural thing in the world. It was something he’d quietly obsessed over for years and now he was all he could think was that with most people you kissed there was always some impression of whatever they’d been eating or drinking left behind. Not with Cas.
“…would a blindfold help?”
“It’s uh,” Dean said, mouth doing its best to cover it up even though his brain was screaming to leave it alone, “it’s kinda fun seeing an angel all covered in dirt.”
Turning to face the road again, Cas arranged his hands gravely on his lap. “Well I’ve heard enough about Rufus Turner’s legendary ability to hold a grudge not to want to promise that just yet. But I’m glad to be here… drinking free coffee and watching you not watch the road very well.”
Eventually, some automated self-preservation instincts he had no idea he had in him driving him, Dean went in for his shower, dried himself and went back to bed. He rolled the bloodied sheet up into his bag. Then he got up to the shower again. When he found the dead body still there, he raised the alarm.
Cas looked worried now. Dean hadn’t wanted to do that to him, not here. He’d rather hold the image in his head as he’d been.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t, Dean. You’re a good mechanic.”
Cas blinked at him and for the first time the zen little expression on his face seemed to crack at the edges. “Dean, how could that possibly not have been clear?”
Michael gestured almost lazily to the spinning metal device several feet above the ground in the centre of the room. It was as large as a football, and was still shining as bright as it had that awful day Cas had come home for the last time.
“You don’t have a roof, and if you did half of it would be mine.”
Cas, who was throwing away a safe and comfortable life of helping people just like he’d always wanted for some
He kept running until he found a cave that smelled empty enough, but the rain that had started up from nowhere made that a little harder to figure out. Harder still to figure out if he’d been followed. He was only a little disappointed Cas didn’t seem to have caught up yet, and as he tried to make himself comfortable he promised himself he wasn’t going to spend any time crying over everyone he was leaving behind.
The look Cas shot him in response was withering. “Of course.”
“And I let the person I cared about die.” Cas had to catch his breath for a moment after that. He’d never said it aloud before. “And if you hadn’t arrived today, I wouldn’t have done anything,” Cas added quietly. “You can help the world – you know how. But I’m -”
“I said improved, didn’t I? And we ran out of bread, and the tortillas. All we had was freezer bagels.”
. And lately he’s been so damn
“Spare me. I’m serious though. Clearly, this job makes you unhappy. How do you make yourself happier?”
Sam smiled, then cleared his throat slightly. “Ruby, last night -”
“What’s this supposed to be?” Dean asked as Sam turned and shrugged sheepishly.
“…cube?”
Who said rebounds were a bad idea anyway?
“Bill’s been determined to get a new demon for months now. He didn’t half-ass the job.”
“I wanna do a parent trap.”
“Dean, what’s this favour?”
isn’t… isn’t Cas is it?”
“That’s what I was trying to ask.”
Not that Ruby wanted to fill anyone’s shoes but her own. She was going home in just over a week back to her own life that she was really fucking good at living.
Cas shrugged. “Well, I think.”
“You saw Crowley?”
Heart pounding treacherously loud, Dean stood up with his bags and walked down an aisle, making towards one of the carts like he was just casually walking over to the other door and out that stairwell. Totally casual…
“Maybe not this real,” Sam said, not eating his chips with anything like her enthusiasm. “God, you really would get on well with my brother.”
“Yeah, well, you always say what he wants to hear and that’s not always helped you out, has it?”
Narrowing his eyes, Cas handed Dean the hanger and moved to sit down again. “I’ve never seen you become such a perfectionist about anything.”
“What the hell did you
Somehow Dean had always known this would be where he’d end up. He’d given Sam a million excuses, a million good reasons why they’d had to bury Cas in the Earth, and not sink him underwater like Dean had once planned for them to do to him.
Cas glanced up, concentrating hard on not letting blood rush to his face. “I’m doing research.”
Besides, the natural weapons these purple-eyed monsters relied on seemed to be claws, and sharpened teeth. The dead bodies which had supposedly been Dean’s fault hadn’t been attacked in a way which would suggest that – their limbs had been torn off, but not eaten, suggesting both a restraint and a superhuman strength Sam hadn’t seen any evidence that this new version of Dean possessed.
But Dean was there, stroking a thumb up and down Cas’s chin. “Look, if this is it? If this really has to be the thing that takes you away from me… I want to make it good, Cas. I wanna make this worth it.” Dean smiled and forced an expression that was painfully familiar to Cas. He’d slipped into survival mode, and was deep, deep in the comfort of his own denial. He would get through this happily, and then breakdown when he knew it was safe to do that. But, if this worked, Cas wouldn’t be there to help him with that. “And then even if it doesn’t work, at least we’ve still had fun, right? Since it took us this long to sort our shit out we need something to show for it.”
“Nothing
“Dean…”
No, it actually felt almost nice, having someone to talk to. He realised that with Sam so busy and Cas… gone, that the only friends he had were his team, and he couldn’t not be strong for them. Not with their safety, their lives in his hands.
“So, do you have a name?”
Cas smiled. “I’ll keep that in mind. Do you… do you feel old?”
He got a deserved punch in the arm for that. “Dick. Only ‘cause
“You do seem to know an awful lot about it…”
"No rest for the wicked, I guess," Dean grumbled, and got to his feet.
“I did.”
(Of course, the day before it had felt so much like Cas was the one getting to drive Dean crazy. But Dean had apparently recovered quickly from that.)
Dean wasn’t sure how he’d gotten there but he was suddenly aware that he was awake, standing upright without needing to bend for the cage ceiling, and he was –
“Oh, you mean dating? I don’t think anyone’s good at that. That’s what dating’s all about. Practicing.”
“But we weren’t near a hospital.”
-” Dean was able to exclaim, before descending into another painful-sounding coughing fit.
“Alright,” Dean said, getting back to walking. He was looking, but there didn’t seem to be an end to this beach. “So, tell me Ted Dansen. What happened to the apocalypse world Bobby and all the rest of them at the end? They make it up here too?”
“I would.”
Cas realised he was in love when Dean fell asleep on his shoulder, through one particularly boring lecture. Despite the pool of drool he was aware of forming on his shoulder, Cas felt no urge to move, and he knew that he would do a lot of things if it meant keeping Dean safe, or happy, or, in this case, sleeping, up to and including giving the lecturer a stern, warning glare.
since arriving here. This place has been a haven for them, hasn’t it?” Michael put his head to one side, regarding Cas like he was some kind of fascinating zoo animal. “Would you really be so selfish as to ruin that for them?”
He thought he could feel the clouds up ahead gather towards him and wondered if Dean could see, if this looked useful to him.
“In a good way,” Dean assure him, and craned his neck up, wordlessly begging. Cas didn’t lean back down this time, but slowly started unbuttoning Dean’s shirt.
“Yes?”
to get this submitted online
It wasn’t quite an arm
“The American gentlemen sure scrub up well,” said a teasing voice beside Dean, cutting him off before he had the chance to come up with anything better.
Anna shrugged. “I’ve got no idea – not now. They were still standing when I was last there, but like everything else they were getting… weird.”
“Yeah, yeah it’s the right address but like
– that he wanted. Cas wondered if he’d broken things off with Dean in some misguided attempt to prove himself as someone who could be selfless, someone who could sacrifice.
Dean ran his fingers along some of them as he ran out of the room and into a kitchen. Well, calling it a kitchen was doing the thing a disservice. It was a fucking superkitchen at least three times the size of Dean’s (which admittedly wasn’t hard) and just like everything else it was all Dean’s for two weeks.
“Please, Cas,” Dean begged, but then grinned. “Quit fucking around and get on in here.”
But… but it hadn’t been. Because Cas was… he’d be along, yeah, in that near but safely far off future when Dean knew what he wanted to say to him. Right now, Dean wasn’t on some mission to get some information out of Heaven – he wasn’t dead temporarily, and Heaven wasn’t a screwed up giant prison anymore. He didn’t have a job to do, there wasn’t anyone chasing him.
? We’re not aiming for
A moment later, Jack and the light were gone.
“Oh yeah?”
Blue eyes finally darted up from the coffee. “I’ve never lied to you, Sam.”
“Your accent, you’re not from here… right?”
“Now, c’mon you can’t turn cryptic on me now.”
“Do you get any… help?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Thanks.”
“So, what about you?” Dean asked.
Seeming grateful for the excuse not to look at Dean, Cas nodded grimly. “Michael’s back up plan. He started the apocalypse, but I think now that maybe he never wanted to end the world. He just wanted to control what was left of it.” His fist clenched. “Control me. He -” He looked back at Dean, eyes wide and pleading and Dean wanted to run from them. “He told me if I went through with the marriage that he’d leave you alone. And I wasn’t sure that I believed him, but then you needed more from me and I couldn’t risk -”
It was really, actually dumb, but Ruby decided to choose that moment to crane her neck up and kiss him, laptop still perched on her knee. ‘Choose that moment’ – why was she choosing any moment?
Just like he’d always thought that if he had the chance to kiss Dean, never mind anything else, that he’d be happy.
“I told you, it’s your money.” Dean had been clear about that before – he figured it was safer to keep his ambiguous deal from getting any more complicated.
he typed off and turned off his phone with a mad grin, then glanced around him as though he was exp0ecting ninja guards to show up out of nowhere and arrest him for his wayward thoughts. Which wasn’t going to be a thing. Obviously. The college couldn’t even afford working fire alarms, he doubted they’d be able to employ ninjas.
Hell, Dean had kind of felt like hitting Sam himself for that.
“You’re wrong,” Sam said, feeling tears prick at his eyes. “I do need you. That’s why we’re out here.”
And then Dean pulled away.
Behind her, Dean squinted his eyes as he noticed Fergus Crowley beelining towards them, looking uncharacteristically rattled, and in a hurry.
“Those big sad eyes of yours.”
“Well then I’ll be here. So long as you want me to be.”
“But -”
Cas nodded. “Well, I’m glad I’m along to watch.”
She poked him square in the chest. “And don’t
“Well, we’re not going anywhere,” he heard Cas say. Sam avoided the looks of the rest of his team as he put out a hand to stop Cas from moving any closer to Dean. He still wasn’t sure he understood all of Cas’s motivations for being out there, but he sensed he was about a hairsbreadth away from snapping and things were already far too tense for Sam to allow that to happen.
Oh, to stop.
Smirking at him briefly before turning back to the clothes, Dean fiddled with the sleeve of Cas’s shirt, almost like he hadn’t noticed it was something being worn and not hung up. “…I’ve got a plug in a drawer somewhere. Figured that might add some extra levels.”
Swallowing, Cas shook his head sharply. Listen to himself issue out those ridiculous demands? Risk disagreeing with Dean’s editing and causing the most bizarre stand-off he’d ever been involved in?
“What about angelic names?”
Smashing his way into an old grocery store, Dean wandered towards its back room and locked the door behind him. It went back only about the length of him, and everything seemed to have been left neatly, like the owner had thought the room would be inspected before they came back. As Dean sat down, the spinny chair gave a terrible creak and released a cloud of dust into the air. Dean coughed, thinking that there were surely worse places to meet his end.
“You got there.”
Dean kept his arms up. “Don’t look at him,” he growled.
Ruby felt like she should dance around it some more – that’s what you were supposed to do about the big things like grief and sex and trauma – but that had never been her. She made trailers and they were big and loud and summarised the point. “Yeah.”
The guy didn’t look away. It was sort of unnerving, and a lot hot. “Are you sure?”
“Anna, I can’t tell you how wonderful it is to hear your voice again.”
Sam crouched to get down to Cas’s eye level as he might for encouraging a child. “Yes, you can,” he said, not raising his voice but somehow increasing the intensity behind it. “Because I think you owe him this much.”
“It’s the house from
The words shouldn’t be hard – not when they were so
But, yeah. Cas was gorgeous, and he had apparently
As Cas knelt down, straddling Dean’s body, he laid his hand down deliberately in the remains of the body beside them. Guessing from the smile tugging at the edge of Cas’s neck what the angel’s next move would be, Dean opened his mouth obediently in time to feel the bloody fingers plunging deliciously into the back of his mouth.
Feverish with fear and actual fever Dean clutched onto the sink to look into the mirror, but…
Cas didn’t reveal any of the hidden parts of himself much. It was one of the first things he’d been taught as a child. But he didn’t run much either, and he would think nothing of breaking into one if he had to. No – that wasn’t quite right. There was nothing stopping him from walking out naked every morning but his own reasoning that he
If it hadn’t already done that. He sure as hell didn’t feel sane.
Sam curled the hand that he had been waving around to make a point into a fist and wondered why he was still talking. “You told me that you’d never let me down like that again. And you never did. When the world ended and we lost Bobby and we spent so much time if we might be the only ones left out there, we never would have made it if it wasn’t for you. You saved me over and over - ”
that was too broken to even look at him.
“You’re welcome. But look, man if you still need a place to crash, you didn’t know it was me here so if you’re wanting to stay on the couch tonight, I am not gonna bother you. I’m just -”
“This is… really good, Dean.”
And even with the joy and heartache of seeing Dean, his Dean, alive and well, now all that Cas could think on was what Sam had just asked him.
“It’s been a strange day,” Sam finished for him. But nothing in his tone suggested he was letting Cas off easy. He almost seemed to vibrate with nervous energy.
That tone… Dean couldn’t help the shiver that went down his own back as he also thought about how terrible it would be to move even a little, even a step.
“Well, sorta. But like, it’s my company. So, if I want to take another job on I will.” She sighed, laughing a little to herself. “Sorry, I know that sounded pathetic. Going home to my job, fuck that’s sad…”
Breathing in slowly, Dean continued to regard the therapist. Cas’s brother – probably. The one Cas had never wanted him to meet. It probably wasn’t healthy, or smart, to see any more of him.
“What? You’re gonna be the nerd.”
, then maybe… I mean sure, we might not have anything else to worry about from
Right?
“Dumb?”
Dean let Cas cut his hair on the third evening. Then he cut Cas’s, and they both did their best to give the other a close shave. Looking in the mirror afterwards, it was disconcerting to find out how much like himself he still looked, so Dean had dragged them into a make-up aisle and they spent the rest of the night fooling around with long out of date eyeliners and eyeshadows and lipstick and eventually nail polish. Somehow, staying still for Cas carefully painting Dean’s nails a daring
“Oh hey, you’re just around the corner from here. I can wheel you over there no problem.”
“Like you’re even working.”
Dean makes a proposition.
“Yeah. You love him. Does that change things?”
Dean kept walking. Cas let him.
But Dean
“But I was lying. I did love you then. Just like I love you now. And like I always will. I don’t think I get a choice in that. So. You deserved to hear that from me. Even if you don’t care. Even if you don’t remember who I am. You deserved to know.”
It had been a long time since he’d had any information to confirm it, but he suspected they were somewhere in Southern Montana still. From all his wanderings, Dean found that everywhere seemed to look more and more like everywhere else these days. Maybe the Amazon would be different. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen more than two or three trees at a time.
They drove on with only silence for a few minutes, then Dean slumped. “Sorry. ‘S’just. He’s getting married. And
“Y’know,” Ruby said thoughtfully. “I’ve always preferred food that’s fried to shit anyway.”
“Great.” No peace, there were still people who needed him. “It’s just…”
That is, until Dean looked at his phone.
An arm now followed Dean’s head to snake out of the covers. “They sent an email,” he said, arm flailing.
Right?
And he had no idea what to do next.
That had been it.
That was a coward’s “we”. It might have been a joint plan, but Dean had been the bait. He’d prayed then too.
He wouldn’t be making that mistake again. He wasn’t his sister, he knew that now. If his actions here did something meaningful and good for the world it wouldn’t be something he’d really done on purpose. But maybe that didn’t mean he had to feel guilt for Michael’s failings either. Maybe he could just carry the weight of his own guilt: he’d hurt Dean, over and over. At least now he had a chance of fixing that.
“Cas, we have to. You haven’t seen what it’s like out there! These things that were set off – they’ve set off plagues, natural disasters – Cas they’ve created monsters, and humanity’s been almost destroyed -”
She hadn’t been with a guy in almost a decade, and that was mostly because, in her experience, they just didn’t try to be as good as the girls. It just wasn’t usually worth the effort.
“But you saw what I am.”
“Exactly.”
“They don’t have to cancel each other out and you know it.” Dean shook his head, and though Cas still couldn’t see his face well he thought he finally knew him well enough to guess the adoration there.
Sensing, and empathising with the “but” hanging in the air, Cas offered a “that must be difficult.”
Dean gave a slight nod, which was apparently the right response, and the angel finally looked away.
“So how come she gets to just wander about?”
“You – you don’t get to say shit like that when we do this for real, alright?”
“I know this turned into a whole lot of a failure, but thanks for joining me on it, partner,” Dean said with a smile as they slowed outside Cas’s apartment. For a moment, Cas considered mustering the bravery to invite Dean inside, and wondered if Dean would bring his phone with him if he did.
Slowly, Dean breathed out. Then he restarted the car. “’m fine, Sammy,” he said, chilling Sam to the bone. Because he hadn’t been so sure in years that Dean was nowhere approaching “fine”.
She’d
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas said, his voice hoarse.
…and he remembered the feeling of teeth sinking into his throat and Dean winced, pulling back. The man chuckled at his expression. And it was a chuckle – it wasn’t any kind of cruel laugh. It felt friendly, and for a moment Dean wanted to bask in it. It felt like a long time since he’d made someone else smile like that.
have?”
“Thanks, Kevin, we get that.”
And for the first time since they’d been stuck inside together, the claustrophobia was getting to Cas.
Watch him make Dean moan out his name on the same couch he’d made that happen? With Dean lying all over him like they hadn’t said a thing about boundaries before all this started?
On the screen in front of him, propped up by several thick fantasy tomes on his bed, Meg raised her eyebrows. “He thinks
“Your full strength? You’re telling me that prizefight action wasn’t you sitting at full strength already?”
“I did.”
“What, you curfewing me now?” Dean stood up, smiling at the ground. “You don’t have to worry about me anymore. You and yours kinda saw to that.”
Dean could have easily sat having a crisis over that for a good few hours, but then the doorbell rang and didn’t give him a choice in that. Blinking, Dean looked down at himself. Since he’d fallen asleep in his clothes he didn’t actually look all that unpresentable, and it was probably just a mailman or someone struggling to get past that dumb gate.
“It’s not that bad!” Cas insisted, to the sad, in Anna’s case, and amused, in Ruby’s, shaking of heads from the screen.
Dean raised a finger. “No, no, no, see that’s the big thing about this movie. Weirdly low body count. Part of why it was such a controversial one.”
“We get to go outside tomorrow – remember?” Tossing the bottle from hand to hand, Dean continued to smile. “We’re in the clear now.”
“Where?”
Cas flinched, and despite the fear h had in looking round, he turned immediately. Dean’s voice had changed again.
Eventually, Dean closed his eyes and let sleep take him again.
“Yes,” the girl said, continuing to pay him little attention.
“I think we could be another week deciding that.”
? You’re Cas Milton? Seriously?”
“Maybe we should just rent strike,” Cas suggested, wanting to defend on the prudish accusation but feeling like it was more important to change the subject immediately. Especially when Dean was close enough for Cas to smell his shampoo.
The dog was… tiny, and seemed a little pathetic, but thanks to a lifetime of bad luck Sam couldn’t just dismiss it as harmless. So he regarded it for at least thirty seconds before crouching down and scratching it behind its round, whiskery ears.
The ‘local’ Sam had invited Ruby to was, a little sadly, the same one he and Mick had drank in a lot as seventeen year olds, eager to look out the places with little interest in seeing IDs. For that, the place had retained their loyalty, and because whenever Dean joined them, he enjoyed that the pool table was almost always empty.
“Were you looking for someone?” Mick asked, eyes narrowed.
“Have so.”
“What was that you were saying about leaving your nipples alone?”
Taking a few steps down, Sam thrust his hands deep into his pockets. He almost didn’t want to ruin the mood. “I spoke to Jack.”
It was difficult to look at, so Cas turned back to the TV.
“You’re welcome. And hey. Making you breakfast though,” Dean pointed out, joining Cas on their couch with two plates full of bacon and pancakes.
Cas’s eyes darted between them both, a pathetic amount of relief flooding through him.
Anyway, I'm still not totally sure about how I feel about this fic but it does have a very long playlist which does go very embarrassingly hard for me personally. I also have a maybe timestamp fic for it because I don't know when to stop??
But he’d invited her out to meet his friends and, surely, he wasn’t about to do that unless he was single. Unless, of course, his friends were also liars and scumbags.
Cas blinked and stepped back, surprised. He had been so sure they couldn’t understand him. Had they been human once, like Dean, or did their people use human languages more than Cas had expected?
Almost twenty-four hours and only one major delay later, Ruby landed into Edinburgh, and found that the local taxi drivers did not seem keen on driving up the coast for an hour or so, but after some convincing, she managed to find one who was persuadable. It was sleeting outside, and Ruby, having never had to use that verb in her life or having had enough sleep recently to be interested in experiencing it close up, was not vibing making her way north on several different methods of public transport.
But he really had barely noticed. Cheesy as it sounded, in the middle of things, everything else around him had just faded out. Reality was definitely making itself felt again however, Cas noted as he awkwardly stood up and cracked his neck. Dean however seemed to have no interest in doing anything but lying there watching Cas ease the condom off his dick.
“Really – on holiday
gonna fit…”
“No. Something got my Mom, so my Dad started off a new family tradition,” Dean said, and rolled over, wishing sleep was easier to achieve with horns that wouldn’t let you comfortably pass out on your front. “And do you ever sleep?”
“Amazing. Well, you were right. You might have found me alive, but it’s not really me. I’m different. And you’re kidding yourself if you think there’s going to be any happy ending to any of this.”
“Two have gone home, Jo is badly injured, and Rudy -”
“Never mind,” he muttered, and flipped the laptop back the right way up.
Not looking up, Dean shook his head. “He’s gone.”
, and they might be semi-famous or whatever but now they’re just these two lonely old guys.”
“You’re saying
But, the old was good to hang onto too.
“Cas…” Sam started beside him, but Dean heard himself cut in before his brother could say anything.
“Just. If there’s
He banged a fist down on his desk, spooking one of the only other people left on this level, the cute Korean girl in his theology class weirdly, and unfortunately, enough, and stared back bleakly at his screen.
“Not bad.”
“It’s alright -”
Cas bit down on his own lip. He’d always been brought up not to pry. “You mentioned an ex…”
Ruby shook her head sympathetically. “And who listens to voicemails anymore?”
“Dean, this is ridiculous.”
Then the angel looked right at him, which he didn’t usually do, and Dean had to catch his breath. Fuck, those eyes. Dean felt like they were picking apart his brain, his soul, and though he squirmed under the attention, he couldn’t drag his own eyes away.
“Huh. You ever do anything fun with that before putting yourself in here?”
Cas was sitting up in the armchair with a book when Dean came in. For a moment, Cas didn’t look up and Dean dared to keep looking, drinking in the sight of him in Dean’s robe, looking like he belonged in that chair, feet tucked beneath him, hair soft and flopping down over his forehead. Dean hadn’t thought about it much, but it did seem that even if he didn’t buy any product for it he was at least styling his hair up like that on purpose. But now, at home, with just Dean as an audience, he let it down. That felt nice.
Concentrating hard on twisting the bottle top open, Crowley raised an eyebrow. “Yeah?”
Being a dog
“Well you were meant to be a vessel for the Archangel Michael,” Cas continued, as casually as he would when discussing the weather. “This was especially important so that his prophesised, world-ending battle with his banished brother Lucifer could take place, and the Earth would be remade as the victor’s vision of it.”
Dean laughed, and Cas was suddenly struck by the fact that he wasn’t sure of how many times he’d ever made his roommate laugh before.
“So, like who’s going to be the one to…”
Obediently, Dean perked up. “Hey, congrats!”
Dean took a step forward. “You alright?”
, and now -”
Tracy stalked her way up and down the aisles, looking at the dusted ceiling. “Ok. Five minutes have started. What do you want to do with them?”
“We’ll tie you up at night, we’ll be careful -”
As though hearing and judging the messy swirl of thoughts in Dean’s brain the other man continued to smile and stood up, offering Dean a hand.
things, and I’m also not supposed to be making the selfish choices that Chuck did, but we
“Sorry for what?”
Sam had never seen monsters with purple eyes before running into Dean the day before, but he had found it a normal amount of weird for this new world the last decade had brought them. A recognisable new feature in another mutated human.
Taking a long breath out, Sam glanced at the angels, who were also deep in what looked like a goodbye conversation.
give up on my family. You said you might be able to do something to get us all out of here if you made it back to full strength. So work with me here, how do we get you there?”
After stepping out of the room, still smiling, Ruby stopped at the sight of the big family photo in the hallway. The kids were both a lot smaller whenever this was taken, which made sense. Jess held Jack in her arms and stood tall next to Sam with a smile like sunshine. The woman looked gorgeous, and Ruby imagined that she was probably straight, and naturally maternal and went to the gym when she said she was going to and had a good relationship with her parents. Ruby wished she wasn’t the sort of person who hated the dead woman in the picture on site.
Not today.
“I’m not coughing, I don’t have a fever -”
He sighed. He wondered for the millionth time when his Dad had found out what he did about Sam, about how much that might have changed how he looked at him, how he treated him. About whether that knowledge had ever given him the right.
, like that makes it safe to have living in our home where we sleep. In our home that’s full of magic superweapons.”
Sam heaved out a sigh, as though banishing the last of his hopes. “Figured. All right. One thing at a time. How do we get to your brother?”
And Cas –
“Which means we’re gonna take off after that!”
Shoulders creaking with displeasure, Cas sat himself up enough to look over his laptop and meet his roommate’s eyes.
Cas wouldn’t be someone he’d want to talk to.
He cleared his throat, trying to indicate that Cas should think about taking his hand off him. “Uh, thanks.”
When Anna reached them again her thoughtful expression had turned into a small smile. “I think I might have found something to help.”
“… pretty sure.”
“So, we talk it over tonight, film tomorrow?”
“Humour me.”
“Cas, I’m -” Dean eventually whined, his fingers scrabbling for grip on Cas’s back.
With Sam shouting after him, Dean walked out the door and climbed into his car.
“Yeah, by four years,”
And Cas wanted to scream.
“I’m sure you’ll come to your senses soon, but, until then, you will be kept restrained,” Michael informed Cas as he secured the gag in Cas’s mouth, his voice as steady and helpful as it had been to teach Cas how to tie his shoelaces.
“I knew Cas. And I was married a long time, Dean.”
“Where… when are you here from?” Cas asked carefully, watching Jack swallow and take a tentative step towards him.
Some of those Sam had been able to guess at. He might not have been home for most of it, but he could remember so clearly how happy Dean had been that last year before everything started to fall apart. When he’d dug up those old photos, everything had started clicking into place. The best friend of Dean’s who’d featured in so many stories until he didn’t. Bobby rolling his eyes on a skype call, implying that everyone was getting some these days. The name that had come up on more than a few late nights of drinking something questionable in wastelands just like this one – as the source of wise quip, as someone slipped briefly into lists of regrets, or things to search for. Back when it had just been the two of them and surely no reason left to hold onto any privacy.
It was difficult to get into a rhythm when he was concentrating so hard in keeping Dean’s legs up and on not falling off the couch, but Dean was working hard to help him as much as possible, so he wasn’t forced into doing all the work.
“What?”
They stared at each other for another few moments, neither budging or speaking. “I’m really sorry,” he started again.  “Can I… is he going to be gone… long?”
“We talked about the cult yesterday. I figured I could ask.”
“I can go – later, maybe,” Anna said hurriedly. “But now that Michael’s – I don’t think I can run this time. I think I need to be here.”
“Fuck me…”
“Ok, so… a holiday then.”
“…No. I think all the things I ever really did for selfish reasons, I’m incapable of regretting. I wouldn’t be who I am if I hadn’t done them.” He put his head to one side, considering again the enormous waves of power he could feel rolling off Jack. “Does that help you?”
Sam looked at her in confusion. “Haven’t you taken time off for this?”
His phone dinged again as Sam got back to him.
“Why thank you for noticing,” Dean said, flashing him a smile as he set down a plate on the kitchen counter. Cas tried, for a moment, to imagine Dean being hung up on someone.
“I’m sure that for a common cause -”
Dean was usually a quick reader, but after a long session of drinking he needed to read the email over several times before he was sure of what it was trying to tell him, and then needed a few minutes to remember
two bed apartment would not pass any office risk assessment. “There’s not room for us both to stay set up here.”
Sam and some of the others arrived not long after the grand finale. Cas had just wiped down his sword, but was still wearing his coat sodden with his brother’s blood. Watching Sam give him a quick onceover with his eyes, Cas was relieved to see no judgement there. He had no energy to compose a response to any human moral high ground right now. Not when he was torn between looking down at the mangled corpse of his brother or the monster from before who’d kissed Dean hungrily the moment he’d awoken. Dean, on his part, had clutched him back with an enthusiasm that was almost as painful to look at as his sad demeanour was now, or the twitchy, hungry looks they were all now giving Sam, Jo and Garth.
“Damn right you’ve not,” Dean muttered, almost sounding like himself for a moment. “But my people don’t live inside the walls.”
The man blinked, reminding Ruby aggressively of a puppy trying to calculate where an un-thrown ball had just disappeared to. “…Right. I’m sorry, I’m very, very… I’ve drank a lot. Do you mind, explaining…?”
“Cas…”
But I’m here, Dean reminded himself, firmly, flexing his fingers. I’m here, I’ve made it… I’m gonna make it, maybe, he finished lamely, as Mr Blue Eyes stretched his arms above his, crossing his fingers together tightly…
combination of all the sexist, demeaning things you could call a woman with any ambition, I mean -”
kids?)
“Fuck,” Dean said shakily as he pressed the reject button on his phone and threw it into the back seat. When he turned back to the road the only thing about him that looked steady was his gaze.
“Another few decades, at least. Gotta give it cooking time.”
Charlie gave Dean a solemn look over. “Well, no…”
Dean nodded at him. That’d do, right?
Cas was artfully speckled with blood from head to toe, but he was completely unscathed. But he looked so exhausted, and so afraid of Dean in that moment that Dean had no idea of what to say because he was sure that whatever he came out with was going to be the wrong thing to say.
Dean held up the waistcoat. “What, this or the plug? Because I mean, it’s my plug, I know
“Not a shifter, not cursed, not possessed, not a werewolf -”
Someone like Dean?
Cas didn’t sleep, but he’d been starting to doze when Dean gave a cry of delight a few hours into the drive. “Jackpot,” he hissed, causing Cas to blink wearily at him and the open glove compartment.
Dean had not expected that. He looked up, and eventually felt a smile form over his face. “Yeah? Never mentioned any of that.”
Dean took his time with Bobby – it was twisted, and pointless, but he wasn’t as hungry and he wanted to make him pay for taking Sam away from him. And besides, it wasn’t
“Hello Sam,” Jack said, suddenly sitting beside him like he’d been there the whole time. And maybe he had been.
“Looking after people.”
Dean felt some suspicions raisingLike sure this was Hollywood or whatever but it wasn’t exactly a phrase he’d expect to be hearing from an old eccentric millionaire. Or, presumably millionaire. Rich,
“Dean, you can’t be trying to say you only just noticed me following you.”
“I spoke with him.”
“C’mon. One peak.”
Sam was about to leave on a milk run when he opened the door and found the dog, who stayed sitting but stared as though it had been waiting for him.
“Dean. Last week we couldn’t afford milk for cereal. Today I could – I could buy a cereal
“He’s remembering.”
“Well, see I was hoping to be…”
. Does that mean you composed, duhDOOduhbeedoh from
Cas sighed and sat down. “Jo’s with him. I think she’s going to try talking to him too. I think the more we remind him that everyone here is someone he couldn’t live with hurting, the safer we are.”
And then Cas was there, standing over him in lab-coat and a beard, eyes wide like he was staring at a ghost.
“You’ve got like mostly mutual friends and I’ve barely ever seen the two of you socialise.”
Cas resisted the urge to thunk his head down on the table. He was starting to understand why Dean was so bad at talking about his feelings. It was a testament to how desperate they were now that Dean still hadn’t completely exploded at the thought of Cas leaving – this was literally the best reaction from him that Cas could hope for and listening to it was still more than he could bear.
“Buck up, buddy, something’ll come along,” Dean assured him gruffly, as he punched him on the arm before turning to sit down.
“Mom hated cooking and she was always working anyway.”
“Well then what? Because you’re not alright. I know we’ve been put through the wringer our whole lives, but we’ve finally got a chance at being happy, at doing what we want. So, what do you want? You were talking about getting that guitar, about looking into that job -”
The minutes of his last precious hour seemed to have slipped away more dramatically, and he still needed about another half a page of writing. And then he needed to edit his fucking footnotes… 1:15… 1:30 and he and cute guy became the only ones left on their floor, which made it even
She shrugged, her lips tugging up in a smile she only looked a little uncomfortable with. “Well, you promised me a dog.” Her mouth split into a much wider grin as she looked down. “And he’s just
“Full on Heaven, yes. Jack reasoned that I had proven to have grown something of a soul in my time on Earth, in my time as a human. Therefore, in the same way Jack should have stayed here, so should I.”
…faith that hadn’t been misplaced. Less than a week after that odd delivery they’d had their first filming attempt.
Dean grinned at it. “I like it.”
“Dean, I don’t think you’ve got the kind of feet those people pay money for.”
any way we could get to…”
“What are you smiling at?”
Dean burst out laughing.
Had his windpipe not been crushed Dean would have groaned. Instead, all he could do was wait for the final blow Michael seemed determined to draw out, like a cat tearing apart a ball of yarn.
Cas had not been keeping track, but it was a long time before he was rescued. Anna woke him up in the middle of the night, having already killed their cousins guarding his door, with a hardened grin on her face. She looked like the avenging angel Cas had grown up believing they all were, angelic sword held in loose grip, her long red hair framing her blood-spattered face.
It was like waking from a dream when they eventually emerged out into sunlight – real sunlight, which was brighter and colder than Dean had remembered it. They were still somewhere in the fields of the Midwest by Dean’s estimate, but other than that he had no clues. He could be totally off and be in a different country to Sam and his Dad and he’d never know it.
“That was
But, of course, there were no secrets from Michael.
An hour into the first flight and Ruby had given up on all good intentions and started getting into the in-flight movie. It was one of
It didn’t really matter that he now had a working knowledge of most popular culture. Having the experience itself was different – as it was with most things.
The maps became useless as they passed briefly into Oklahoma and then into northern Texas. The days started getting warmer, but the smog became more oppressive as they left the mountains behind. Some days when Dean came back to find him Cas was completely surprised, being unable to see more than a few metres in front of his face at a time.
Making a face, Dean shook his head. “God, no. I’m not stressing my Mom out anymore. She still helps Sammy with his, and she’s spending all her time running after her parents.” He rolled his eyes. “Grandpa Sam is the most stubborn, awful old bastard you’ve never met, and he thinks this whole thing’s a hoax. He’s gonna give my poor granny a heart attack if he doesn’t give her the plague first.”
“Yeah, but she doesn’t have all this magical double-o back-up behind her now…”
“No, about… making money.”
– like weights he hadn’t known he’d been carrying around had finally fallen off of his shoulders.
For the sheer principal of them using up the hot water and taking up the living space and making noise into the early morning, Cas generally disliked Dean’s dates. But Bela especially had been categorically
“I know you.” Sam offered a shrug and a smile along with his words, almost as though he were trying to apologise for something. “You might not have been saying a whole lot, but you’ve been
She was in the kitchen, but hopes of food didn’t seem to be the only reason for her distraction. Dean had put some kind of soup on the stove – and it had to be Dean, since Eileen didn’t like cooking anything that didn’t involve a microwave – and Miracle was sitting between Dean and Eileen, who was being coaxed into petting her.
broke.”
So, by 9pm, Ruby was drinking heavily and playing with Dean’s record player and hoping his neighbours were all deaf.
“It takes a lot more creepy mojo to keep an angel locked up than it does us,” Victor explained. “So he gets a lot more ‘sessions’ than the rest of us do – and usually they come after a fight.”
Cas didn’t know whether to laugh or plant his face in his hands. “Dean, you’re not…”
“I killed him.”
“Probably.”
That lined brow fell drastically. “How’s what going? What are you doing on my property?”
He had no idea what he was going to do that day. Absolutely none.
Cas froze as Dean pushed himself towards Cas on the couch, and then paused, palms wide and ready to cup Cas’s face. “Y’gonna let me defend my honour here?”
“Don’t worry buddy, we’re gonna get through this.”
“I think this was a holiday home.”
“I’m sorry.”
Cas had to laugh. “Michael, you’re very lucky Anna and I didn’t kill you along with Lucifer. And you’re pushing yourself out on perilously thin ice here.”
Dean gave his brother a brief smile. He wanted to hug him, to wish him good luck, but though he was free to move he didn’t trust himself to.
Now he’d lived, and died – more than once - Jack knew that wasn’t true. It was the same delusion that every child needed to have, that nothing in the big, bad world was stronger than the fierceness of their parent’s love for them. Jack wasn’t a new child anymore. He knew that in most ways you could categorise it that he was and is much stronger than Castiel.
“Yeah?”
Since remembering himself, Dean had never wanted to again be that person he’d been so badly.
“You’re such a
“You speak,” Cas said. It was the first thing Cas had said since Dean had moved to attack them. But Dean continued to focus his attention on Sam, barely blinking, but Sam noticed that he was tightening his grip slightly around the skinny arm of the little boy beside him.
“Seriously. I’m not even sure you
CD.” Artfully blowing dust off the cover of the one in his hand, Dean grinned and took out a disc which he fed to the truck. Moments later, Cas registered the familiar blend of harmonica with guitar.
“You’re conventionally attractive, we’ve gone over this already.”
“Co-workers?”
“…not Dean,” the stranger said at the same time, blushing hard.
Dean kept running until he smelled food. He might not have finished muddling through the morality of all that in his head yet, but he was damn sure he was hungry.
Cas didn’t have anything to say to that.
“I wouldn’t have taken you for a self-martyring type.”
“Wait, wait, hang on, I can do better…”
“I don’t know, it’s cool – you’re a boss, literally. My job pretty much involves being a hermit, about 90% of the time.”
Cas moved before Sam even noticed that’s what he was doing, and moments later Dean was peacefully asleep, gently held in Cas’s arms. “I’ve got him,” he said to Sam, ignoring the glares of the rest of the team. Many of these people had worked with Cas for years, looked up for him for direction, and yet Cas had completely obliterated everyone’s impression of him, revealed himself entirely, just to save Dean pain, to save Sam a fight.
“And I’m happy that you seem to be enjoying yourself. But I hope you realise that it won’t be correct to continue seeing him after your marriage.”
Cas wasn’t sure what, if anything, he was hoping for himself. The Winchester brothers may have survived for years alone on the outside of the walls, but Cas knew a few more extra things about monsters and everything else out there.
Dean didn’t turn, but Cas knew that his face was reddening.
Unsure if he didn’t want to believe yet to try and prevent Dean and Cas, who already seemed to be so invested, so certain of this, or himself, Sam looked more closely at the dog. Then he cleared his throat. “I did, uh. I always thought he looked kind of like him. Not like
“Wanna tell me what you’re doing out here?”
But he wouldn’t be doing that for long.
“Goddamn liver failure, of all things. But anyway, we never came this far west so I can’t even claim any of this feels familiar. But…” He let a smile quirk up his lips. “I know Dad would have had a lot of people he would have wanted to reconnect with, if he’d known he’d had more time, or if he’d been less stubborn.” Dean finished with a shrug. “So I guess that’s why I’ve made this my little Christmas crusade.”
Dean nodded and crouched down next to Cas. “Right, sure. Life’s easier when people can’t expect much out of you. I get it, I’ve been a dog before – sort of.” Dean swallowed. “But you got to step up sometime, everybody does.” Carefully, so carefully, Dean patted at the dog’s head. “And we’ll love you either way.”
Dean took the hand. “Yeah…”
Everything happened so quickly after that, and, again, Cas was left nothing but a spectator. Lucifer leapt off the step, and landed with what had to have been a brief but serious amount of pain down next to Michael, ready to help block his younger siblings’ approach.
Did Dean’s life look like a movie to him?
Which was ridiculous. Anna was right: he and Dean didn’t even usually talk. Until recently, Dean had worked shifts, and Cas had worked irregularly, and despite Anna’s teasing, they did have many of their own friends. It could sometimes be days without them seeing one another. And the traces Dean did leave behind were annoying. He was more likely to have friends over, and they weren’t always quiet or considerate. Dean seemed to have a knack for blasting the radio in the kitchen
Like, she’d known it was winter when she booked, she had, but… really? Constant rain and darkness? Because
“Thanks for meeting me.
“I’m not
. To both the mistake of Christmas music, which would only succeed in infuriating her, and to trailer directing her life again. Her life was not a movie, and not everything could be solved with pretending you were living a montage.
and oh yeah, i know i don't write it much but deanbenny rights!!
“What?”
The box was still.
“…So, I am?”
Cas smiled, but knew that his expression had to be strained. “I think I’m gonna clean up the couch.”
“I experienced too much –
Certain he wouldn’t be getting any further replies to this, Dean set his phone down on the table and turned on the TV. He’d had his house up on that stupid holiday website for years, which he was almost sure had been Sam’s idea, and because the photo they had up was pretty great, every few months he’d get people asking after it. But almost always, the holiday swap factor put them off. (Except this one guy, but Dean hadn’t wanted to either take the time off, or go to Newcastle for a week. Like… Newcastle.)
Cas said nothing, and looked intently at his feet.
to be looking after, were alone and probably frightened and hungry and
, Sam. Especially since -” Dean had clamped his mouth shut.
Cas nodded, looking only a little uncertain. “I think so. But I know Jack has been working on restoring the destroyed other worlds. I’m not sure if that means he’s been restoring all their Heavens too. But I think if someone dies here - ”
there buddy, can I help you out there?”
Cas shot Dean a look before directing his gaze back to his notes. He was actually finding it difficult to read his own notes.
“Ok.” Sam’s lips twitched. “Pizza then.”
“Dean… he would have wanted you to have that closure. You deserve it.”
And I don’t know all the details, but Miss Harvelle will be struggling to put weight on her right leg for some time, from what I understand.”
After making her way through Lilith’s recent tweets, seven buzzfeed quizzes, one compilation of FAIL vines and nine trailers she had no intention of ever watching the movies of, she went into the kitchen and started trying to make herself a sandwich, before remembering she never actually bought herself any bread, and worked her way through the snack food she had bought.
hasn’t gotten any in months… that feels like you practiced some of that.”
But everything felt
“Hell. I needed to get away before doing something I was about to regret.”
“Needing more stretching?” Cas asked, concern breaking through the euphoria threatening to overwhelm him. He was barely inside, but he felt like he’d been pushed back into having a teenager’s hair-trigger responses.
“You seem sure.”
doing? Can’t sneak up on people like that… I might have, uh…”
“What about my previous statements wasn’t clear enough?”
“No, he didn’t, he went home early,” Mick confirmed. “Cannot hold his drink any better than he could as a teenager.”
didn’t remember to kiss me back.”
Dean waved a dismissive hand in the air before Cas could finish his apology. “I figure as long as we can both still recognise each other we’re doing alright. Right?”
He needed… a minute.
Sam sighed and clenched his jaw. Dean was clearly going through something, he should probably just leave it alone – But he’d spent too long, too many years, being put through the wringer by his brother by doing too much, by not doing enough.
“Why are you American?” Ruby asked, giving up.
“You can just say you’re uncomfortable with this kind of money-making if you are,” Dean said, kindly not pointing out what the chances were of Cas’s music ever starting to take off. “Like that is still totally cool.”
“Hardly. We’re the warriors of the Almighty, Dean. Angels aren’t easily stopped. Even ones long since fallen from grace.”
“She’s just a kid, man. And I know you care about her. Don’t let her live and die in this hellhole just because you can’t get over your own issues.”
Dean heard himself choke out a laugh.
For some reason, Dean watched the flames and thought about tearing curtains apart in his hands. It didn’t feel good to think on, so he did his best to stop.
A green bottle appeared in Cas hands so smoothly Dean could have sworn it was real magic.
(Not that he was relying on Cas.)
“Should I put you on some kind of soothing tea?”
“Maybe this whole money-making plan was a bad idea.”
Dean knew exactly how fast angels were – he was fresh off fighting Michael, he didn’t need reminding. They were fast, unstoppable, strong –
“Definitely,” Dean said, but he was smiling a little now.
just a little baby chapter that could have been it's own thing but i think fit for this fic :))
“Is he… is he talking?”
So, Benny and the others would return to the group, and Dean would keep walking. But Dean wasn’t going to let Benny leave again without giving him a real goodbye. Even if Sam or Cas – hell, especially Cas – were looking, Dean didn’t care. He still hadn’t quite figured out who he was or what he felt but Benny was still more solid, more real, than anything else in the world. His lips still tasted metallic from the blood he must have feasted on earlier and Dean wasn’t so changed that that wasn’t still a comfort.
The house was safe. It wasn’t outdoors, it didn’t have any people with loud, and, frankly intimidating accents to deal with, and it really did have a log fire.
He’d never told the man his name, Dean thought as he reminded himself what a bad idea this was, on so many levels. Every instinct he had was screaming at him to cut and run, and come back later when he had proof this thing needed killing, to come back with back up –
The coldness in his voice…
“I’m her… colleague. Sort of.”
Dean took another step back and found himself backed into a corner. Nowhere to go but forwards now.
“Great,” Sam said, nodding and leaning his face down. Ruby was almost he was aiming for a kiss on her cheek, but then she leaned her head up at the wrong moment and now they were actually kissing in a kiss that Ruby did not want to have to stop.
(Unfortunately, he had not become any less attractive under the lights of their tiny apartment.”
“He would have been,” Dean agreed after a moment. He badly wanted to snatch the photos away out of Jack’s sight, a seven year old boy again fending off his baby brother’s sticky fingers from the few relics of Mom left to them. And Cas’d had even less to leave him with.
“Ask me nicely.”
Of the several hundred theories Dean had heard before lunch, almost none of them were monsters. Apparently the guy had plausible enemies.
it was nice having something like a secret that just belonged to him. Something good that was
Dean raised an eyebrow. “We get therapy? Buddy, some days we don’t get and allowance for rations or bullets. But we get
– what else is there?”
Cas was working when Dean called him. He shouldn’t have been. Technically this was what he’d designated as his day off, but he’d found himself at his piano that morning, hardly aware of what he was doing, but decided that Meg’s new final girl needed a new theme for her moments of triumph amidst the tragedy of her life.
The old man eyed him a little suspiciously. “You’re not gonna rob me of everything in my house, are you?”
he constructed in his head as he lifted one with a red cowboy hat that caught his eye.
“You’ve still not slept,” Cas said quietly as he walked towards Sam, who was sitting alone by the camp fire and gave no indication he’d heard the judgement in Cas’s voice.
It was just the two of them.
don’t know me anymore.” Giving this last effort everything he had, Dean turned and he smiled. He knew it wasn’t a happy smile. “Now, I’m sorry, but I have to be somewhere.”
, Sam was going to fix
“I’ll try…”
? Anyway, Cas likes my movies, don’tcha, Cas?”
“Good.”
“This is unbelievable,” Dean said again.
Dean might have been putting himself in unnecessary danger all the time, and some of that would still have been Cas’s fault for how he’d driven Dean to feel. But that wasn’t what had changed him. There just wasn’t any research that monsters took interest in other types of monsters, except possibly for food. So…
The last night he spent alone, Dean found a car to sleep out on top of. It was suicide not to find a more defensible position, but Dean was tired, and maybe especially tired of building defences.
And eventually he found himself back at Cas’s grave. It hadn’t exactly been on purpose, he’d just...
“There’s not exactly many of you to worry about. And you are famously a package deal. This isn’t a shock.”
“Oh, uh…” Sam followed her gaze. “Oh, no more for me, thank you, so much. Sometimes Dean sits up and drinks some more with me at this point in the night, but mostly he just forces me into ordering takeout.”
Sam was gone. Once that would have been enough to stop Dean moving, but something about the way that everyone had been picked off and torn away from him had changed things. He’d prepared himself for losing Sam long before the vampirism - he just hadn’t expected to stick around to see much of the aftermath.
“Don’t you
“I wish I had skills like that which could get me places,” Charlie said, a little wistfully.
“No offense, Dean, but I don’t really feel like going into at the moment.”
He really didn’t understand what Cas was, did he?
“That you could end one of the most legendary feuds in Hollywood just by asking nicely?”
It was probably an accident, just an awful coincidence in this new life not ruled by a story. But Sam couldn’t shake the feeling that Dean had let this happen. He’d been putting on a good face of it. But he’d put a good face on it when he’d been bound for Hell, too. Sam should have been watching him better, he should have known –
“Not everything in my life is about her, Charlie.”
“Do you still see him now?”
Dean paused for only a moment before continuing to stride towards the little gremlin that had ruined his life. “I’m no one’s attraction, and you’re giving me my goddamn life back.”
Which was fine. She was almost definitely on a flight already. But for some reason Sam still scanned the room for her dark head of hair before looking for his friends. And when he found them they were quick to call him out on not immediately finding them.
“Guys,” Sam said, clearing his throat as he stood up to give her a hug. She smelled good too. Damn it. Why did the others have to be here? “I’d like you to meet Ruby. We uh, met last night.”
“...Dork”
Sure, she wasn’t a
“Oh, I’m a book editor.”
Cas was fine. And Sam was fine, though he’d probably never cut his hair without Dean there to nag at him. Yeah, and his eyesight would probably start going when he hit sixty, all that staring at small screens on dark nights –
Picking up his mug of coffee, Sam checked his phone which had been lying out on the table and his face changed subtly. Ruby couldn’t help narrowing her eyes. That looked like the face of a man who’d just been reminded of something that was inconvenient to him. Something like a girlfriend.
“You really weren’t in this for the money or fame, were you,2 Meg said dryly, continuing to shake her head. “Have you spoken to him yet?”
Sam hadn’t noticed that Cas’s coat was any different, but decided it wouldn’t help to point this out.
But Sam was still standing there, staring at her like the most important thing he had to do all day was continue staring at her, as though he was trying his best to commit her to memory. Which was ridiculous and –
“I like Hannah very much, but that is something you’d need my approval for, Michael, and I don’t give it.”
“See that everyone’s looking… festive over here,” Crowley said as he joined the group, briefly raising his glass.
But he wasn’t ready for the big one that broke in through the window behind him.
But none of those concerns had been true, he just hadn’t been able to admit it until now.
Dean finished his whiskey. “And break
“There wasn’t any room for “just” there. I left the family. So…” Cas looked away. “So I left. None of them had any money anyway.”
They weren’t alone. And maybe humanity wasn’t all doomed. Maybe there were even people with
The night before he’d first tracked down Raphael with Dean by his side he’d been consumed by the thought of meeting his end so soon after already doing so, but now, having to some extent chosen and sealed his fate, he feared for them all, but in a distant sort of way. More immediate was the choice of what he would sit up watching that night in Dean’s “cave”. With the two of them planning on a long drive together, it felt good to arm himself with opinions and reactions to something that Dean loved.
When Jack was born he’d known he couldn’t be an infant; couldn’t be a child, because his mother had known that being stuck in either one of those states with the world hunting him would make him far too vulnerable. So he’d become the strangest kind of young adult – new to the world, but able to face it with logic and physical strength, even when he’d lost his powers.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I’m broke. Know what else I am?”
“Not unless it’s a
Cas opened and closed his mouth, reminding Ruby a little of a fish. “Ok… first of all, I’m sorry to hear that, no I hadn’t heard already. Secondly, she’s not my cousin.
Dean swallowed, and kept looking at Benny. “You gotta. These are my people, from before. And they don’t give up easy. Take the kids. Don’t let anyone else get hurt.”
“What is…
“Well, no one
“Wait,” Sam said, bending down. “That’s a footprint.”
“Like a hangover cure?” Sam asked, keeping his smile despite the fact that Ruby could feel him dragging his feet.
“Social distancing I know,” Dean said picking his coat back up, “But I do not wanna be stuck inside here without a giant bag of -” Dean cut himself off by coughing. “A bag of -” The coughing continued, and got dryer, and louder.
There were maybe three metres between them, nothing huge. But no distance had ever felt so daunting to cross. Maybe Cas had been right to give him all that time. Apparently, it still hadn’t been enough for Dean to know what to say, what to do around him.
Should Sam be taking that as a good or bad thing?
“Oh, I’m sorry if this doesn’t fit into your
After studying it hard for almost a minute, Dean began to recognize it as his own face. It was still the same basic bone structure and eye size and colour, but the eyebrows were gone, his whole skin had gone that reddish hue, his ears were pointed and the place where the stabbing pains had come from on his forehead now had horns the size of his hands growing out of them.
Ruby did the only thing she felt was sensible to do after being left by her should-be-one-night-stand in a different country – which also happened to be currently a very cold country - and went to take a shower until her hot water ran out.
She didn’t realise she’d fallen asleep until the taxi driver told her they’d reached Dundee. Or, she was almost certain that was what he was saying. The accent was a little harder to keep up with than she’d expected, and she couldn’t decide if the man had never heard of diction or liked it too much. Or both, somehow.
“And I would still like you to leave.”
“So, Ruby, are you a marshmallows person?”
His sister Anna had said that they were all a death cult of crazy people, and had ran away from home when Cas was twelve.
“The other one. He gave me a speech, about why I should remember my lost days. Are you planning on doing the same? Because all it’s going to do is waste time you should have been spending running. When my family catch up to us, and they find you?” Dean smiled, his elongated canines flashing brightly in the dim light.
“No, no, uh – me and Dean are from uh, Kansas originally – I’m his brother, Sam.”
“Honestly, Cas, I’ll be real, you are still just about the only person I know on this side of the Atlantic and uh… I could use a favour. Could I drop by and explain?”
“Dude, I’m sorry, I was just meaning that if you’ve had experience -”
He tugged on Dean’s lower lip just like Dean had so enjoyed doing to him, days ago. “Put down the book, Dean,” he said, letting his voice lower to something close to growl.
They didn’t talk much as the album played through, but they sang together sometimes, in back and forth rhythms that had belonged to them in a different vehicle, in a different life. Against what felt like all odds, Cas’s head wiggling through
It was strange, Dean thought, that they were having this conversation during the day, surrounded by visitors. It felt like the sort of conversation they needed to hiss back and forth at each other in the middle of the night.
But he was probably stronger, Dean thought as he squared his shoulders, doing his best to make himself look bigger.
But at least Cas’s priorities remained clear. He tried following Dean, every time he went off alone to hunt. When Dean would return, Cas would be there, ready to tie him up again and sit guarding him all night. Sam was certain that Dean continued to barely even acknowledge any of this, but that didn’t seem to deter Cas anymore. If anything, Dean’s silence almost made Cas more confident, though Sam suspected that was also connected to everyone knowing what Cas was now.
as usually, ignore the lack-of-editing mess, most of this got written last year, just never posted
Dean read the text over a couple of times, starting to nod his head slowly in consideration. He really had been joking. But now Sam had given him this as a challenge…
“You wanna keep on with the
But even if it was all fake, he had to know. “If I’d… Cas if I…” Dean moved forward, not trusting his words, because they’d always let him down, and he held Cas’s hands like Cas had gripped onto his, earlier. “If I kissed you,” he said, the words tumbling out sounding more wrong than this whole fake bunker was, because it all looked perfect, “and I… I asked you to come with me to bed. Would you… could you even…?”
“You always do this.”
Dean said nothing but continued to stare at the fields, which didn’t just seem cutesy rural empty, they looked wrong somehow, as though nothing he was looking at was real.
“Cas…are you sure?” Sam asked.
“It’s December 13
Moaning a little at the taste of the blood on Cas’s lips, and a lot for the feeling that he’d finally come home, Dean only relaxed into it when he felt the pressure of Cas pushing back. Maybe neither of them deserved each other, or deserved to be the ones left standing here, but now Cas was tugging his lower lip away, and making him groan again when he buried his lips, his teeth, into the crook of Dean’s neck, just above the spot Benny had once sank his much larger teeth into.
“That was quick,” Sam remarked, without looking up from his homework, when Dean walked back into the motel room.
Wait, no. Not his parents. Someone else had raised him, mostly. That was why he’d always been so sure he had to be the most responsible, the most loveable. He couldn’t get them thrown out…
Then he got up to get himself a bowl of cereal because he had no idea what time it was and none of the normal rules seemed to matter anymore.
Nothing would hurt Cas, not physically at least. So he had to be fine.
“And she said yes!”
you done this before?”
Charlie’s keen stare didn’t waver. “Did you and Lilith have another fight last night?”
Ruby ate another chip. “I’ll allow it.”
“But.”
“You really are a crappy therapist.”
“Castiel, you’re home earlier than expected.”
“The second drawer, I know,” Dean growled.
easier.
“The landlord said anything yet?”
“It’s doing alright. Either way, we’ve definitely got enough to cover us for rent.”
“I need you here, man.”
Cas became the doctor he’d never been qualified to be, but his powers filled in the gaps of his knowledge as he’d always hoped they would. He didn’t think he would ever feel okay again, like he belonged in the world, but he was helping the people he’d once hurt so irreparably by his inaction. Some days that almost felt like enough.
“You get one song.”
Pretty sure she was exhibiting no other signs of a stroke, Ruby padded down the tiny wooden staircase and down into the kitchen where Sam, fully clothed once more, seemed to be attempting to make a full English breakfast. And burning all of it.
“How come they ended things anyway?”
of everything.”
Meg imparts advice.
“What?”
“It looks more purple, doesn’t it?”
“What?”
doing - what are
Dean’s lips twitched. “I can do that. Just keep answering.”
“Losing more of the team?” Dean made a face. “Of course it does. But…”
Carefully, Ruby picked up another chip. They definitely weren’t fries, that didn’t fit, they were far too fat, too squishy. She was pretty sure she liked them, but she was very sure that they were exactly what she needed.
“When Anna told me about where you’d come from, I was like…” Dean mimed his head exploding. “I had no idea how many places like that were still going. Couldn’t believe these sons of bitches hadn’t been arrested yet.”
Cas said nothing, and reached down for the lube left down on the floor. “Letting me do whatever I like to you but constraining my freedom of speech, interesting…” He looked at the bottle in his hands. “Wait,
“Well maybe that’s because I’m lost.”
“Why?”
“Hmm.”
But Benny hadn’t been there the second time. It had just been the two of them. And Dean had prayed – he’d got down on his knees and poured his heart out. But he hadn’t said everything.
“Not really. I’m enjoying the view,” he said before he could stop himself. By some small miracle, Cas didn’t react to this, but only continued digging. Dean felt some tension he’d been holding start to release. Right. Cas probably didn’t even get what he meant. What he
“A thank you. Look -” Sam went on before Dean could say anything, “I still want to know where the money came from. You gotta understand how creepy this looks. But… apparently we’re loaded now and it’s thanks to you so we deserve a party or something.”
“Yeah.”
“Do you want to come in?”
because they just like sex and fear commitment. And for some people it’s because they’re hung up on someone already.”
Feverishly expecting ninjas, Dean spun around to meet his attacker – and found cute Mr Blue-eyes standing in front of him, with those dark eyebrows raised like the guy knew exactly what kind of noise Dean had been about to make.
Cas hadn’t known what he’d meant, but now felt like an idiot for not catching on quicker.
(But he was. Dean had leaned over to kiss him
“Well, I’m making some choices now. You don’t
The rest of that term was filled with the hardest academic challenges of Dean’s life, but the stress didn’t even touch him. It was glorious weather, he was good at what he was doing, and he was in love with his best friend. He hadn’t told him that yet – he wasn’t a complete dumbass – but everyone else noticed. Bobby told him he was smiling too damn much. Sam skyped home and asked what gotten into him lately. And Dean never said anything, even if it was all he was able to think about. That was a whole load of difficult conversations he probably wasn’t ready for yet. But when Cas left for the summer – to go home to the family Dean had still never met any of – Dean promised himself that he’d be ready to talk to his family, to Cas.
As Dean allowed himself to be led away with a shrug back at Victor, he heard Bela say, “that’s the first time I’ve heard that man decide he needed to apologise for anything…”
Stay safe out there folks!
“I don’t care!” Dean exploded, raising his arms only to let them drop back to his sides. His voice seemed to echo around the landscape endlessly, mocking him for the obvious lie.
“Not optimistic you’ll live that long? Smart.”
“You know what I mean. I fucking love not needing to get up in the morning.”
“Sap.”
“That is an awful line, and I really, really want you to understand that. But… you weren’t so bad yourself, and look, cards on the table I think I need a rebound. Like,
“Huh, durex. Did he get your size right?”
Slowing his steps now with some caution, Dean kept walking over the grimy airport carpet and eventually found Cas, who was twisting a new lightbulb in above a bar.
“Yeah?”
“Just – leave it alone, would you?” Dean said, louder than he meant to.
Unnervingly, Dean hadn’t look away from him. “How do you know?”
Still crouching, Dean raised one hand off his knee to slice through the air as he shook his head. “Demon’s not the point.” His hand pointed at the dog. “He’s the point. He exorcised the demon.”
“Excuse me?” Cas said
Dean snorted. “You’d know all about that, rich boy.”
“Fuck, you’re making this hard work – you want help getting home?”
“You’d look good in my reading glasses.”
“I think we both know it was your fault, Dean.”
“Mr Turner changed his mind?”
A few moments later they watched the loading screen for the next episode start up and did nothing to stop it.
Fuck.
Dean tilted his head to one side. “No… you don’t. But I guess it is nice to know that I was missed. But now you need to let me go. Or it’s about to get you all killed.”
“Hey, watch it -”
Biting down suspiciously hard on her lip, Charlie hummed in sympathy.
Slowly Dean met Sam’s eyes and carefully shook his head. Sam stifled a laugh.
“Well for all we know the dog’s also trying to kill us, so it’s perfect.”
i want to promise that i'll have this all completed soon but i really don't know what 15x20s going to do to my regressing brain so absolutely no promises i am sorry
“You’re good at plenty that’s not hunting, Dean. ‘Sides. Not like they don’t have monsters in California, right?”
As he noticed tripping at the edge of his vision, the old man trained a withering glare on Dean. “Could you watch it? Some people are walking here.”
Cas smiled, continuing to lazily stroke circles into the crook of Dean’s neck. “Well, some people stopping working.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” Cas reached for Dean’s arm again. “I never thought we’d find you alive – I came anyway because I couldn’t live not knowing.”
“I didn’t know what I felt either. I mean I did. But.” Dean balled his hands into tight fists and resisted the urge to start punching his leg. “I knew I wanted to tell you in Purgatory. But there was never any time. I guess that’s why Heaven looked like that for me. The idea of having just… endless time to just know everyone was okay and have time to figure this crap out – that was nice. But I don’t – I don’t want nice. I just want you.” He felt his mouth dry. “I love you, Cas. Even if you’ve worked out now that it was a mistake, that you don’t want me after all… I’ll still want you. And I know I don’t have forever to get over myself and figure out the best way to do this, but you saved me again, so I have time. You gave me that. And -”
“Hey there, little… fella.” The dog leaned into his hand slightly, and though its eyes were still sad, its tail started to wag weakly.
“Cas -” Dean cut himself off. In his position against the wall, Sam bit down on his lip. He hadn’t heard Dean mention Cas much at all since his most recent resurrection. “The thing that made the Empty take him was happiness. He really – he really was just
Now Dean wanted to drop the laptop. The voice almost sounded familiar… but not. It sounded like a kid talking.
“I’ve never seen anything like you.”
This one's arriving a little later since I managed to delete the note I had for most of it on my ipod like a really sensible person and was too frustrated by this to do anything about it until today...
Narrowing his eyes, Cas walked over to the sink. It was bizarre, just hanging around naked in his home, not having to worry about Dean walking in on him because Dean was very much the reason for it.
“Hey,” Dean remembered saying.
“…That’s me,” Dean said, and risked a smile. “Guilty as –”
Sam cleared his throat. “So, I’m sorry –
“Who is it?” Dean asked.
“I didn’t want to tell Dean what I was thinking – not unless it was worth trying. Is it?”
As Dean started walking away, Cas was suddenly there beside Sam, rucksack slung over one shoulder as he offered Sam a small smile.
That had been… unexpected.
He raised the walkie to his lips as he squinted to get a better view of the figure in the early dawn light. “Thanks, Jo. He’s right in front of me. I’ll let you know when I need you.”
“This is pretty good, for a bagel.”
Cas breathed out slowly, not sure if he should feel some level of embarrassment that this understanding surely warranted. “Oh.”
“Scenario?” Dean grinned. “What, one of us is the studious lounger, the other one could coax them out of their book…”
“I guess. I just wish he’d talk to me.”
Sam felt the grin splitting his face before he could think to stop it. “Dean,” he said again, rushing over, ready to let his brother out – to release him –
“You hear something out there?” Cas asked, leaving down the plates of food he’d come in with just close enough for the children to reach.
For a moment, Cas was rendered speechless. “When?”
“It means that when I spend a lot of time with people, it’s when I want to, y’know? So, yeah. I think it suits me. I have a study room at home and everything.”
“Back in Purgatory. I would have said more – if we’d, y’know, had more time.”
Dean raised his hands up. “Hey, you started it!”
.” With great care, Cas set the dog down on the chessboard. Several of the main black pieces clattered to the floor. One of them was a King, Sam noticed absently, as he watched the dog that might also be Jack watch it hit the ground. It was So funny – up until now he’d seemed like the quietest, calmest dog Sam had ever been around, but now he was acting agitated, almost like he thought he was cornered.
It felt somehow right that Bela was, secondhandedly, the cause of this new, bizarre rift between them.
“Sounded close.”
“I’m suddenly remembering why you’re so frustrating to live with.”
Cas could feel Dean still, his heartrate increasing slightly. What could he have said wrong now? Surely there hadn’t been much to
