To his surprise John nodded and smiled. He followed Sherlock as he made his way home. They walked silently side by side. Finally, John seemed unable to stand it any longer. "There's a rugby match tomorrow at school.I thought maybe you could come and watch. Well, Jim's got one ticket left, he said I could give it to someone." it blurted out of him. Sherlock stopped abruptly and bowed his head. "What?" he asked quietly. "The...match...tomorrow?" John seemed hopeful. "Who gave you the ticket?" he snorted. "Um, Jim...Jim Moriarty...you know. Small, black hair, pale. A bit like you, but...different."
John didn't hesitate for a second. He jumped into the cool lake and dived in. He couldn't really see what he was doing, but he felt an arm. Finally, he encircled the body's chest and dragged it to the surface. "Mike!" he screamed. "Mike!" The remaining bathers stared at him in amazement. The body was limp in his arms. In fact, Mike came running. John waded on the beach and released it.
John didn't know that Sherlock was referring to some other statement from his dead mother. Because once, she'd told him, "Sherlock, you love him."
After a few minutes it got boring. John stood up when he noticed some air bubbles on the surface of the water. He frowned and looked at Mike, who hadn't moved a bit. He walked slowly toward the bank. On closer inspection, he recognized a body that was rocked back and forth under the gentle waves.
The trees rustled in the wind. The grey clouds were piling up in the sky. A thunderstorm was coming. Soon Sherlock felt the first drops on his face. Hastily, he ran a hand through his hair.
That's how Sherlock Holmes drank his coffee. He absolutely could not stand the brew if it wasn't perfect.
Then Sherlock stopped. Not because of Molly, but because of what was behind her. Moriarty and his gang were coming up on them. "Oh, dear." he muttered and sighed again. "What?" Molly turned. "God, Jim, give it a rest, what's he ever done to you?" Sherlock rolled his eyes and gave her an annoyed look. Jim ignored her in so much as he just pushed her aside in one fluid motion.
Sherlock was sitting on his bed. He was wearing nothing more than pajama bottoms and a hospital shirt that was more or less thrown over. John stared at him. "How the hell did you get in here?" he finally gasped. "Front door," Sherlock said shortly. John nodded. "Let me ask that question differently ... why?" The boy shrugged. "I was bored" "How-" "My brother already knew your address when you were still on your way to the hospital." "Oh, protective then?" John looked around the room awkwardly. Sherlock remained silent "So?" "So what?" Sherlock looked at him intently and John melted under the gaze. “How did it happen? In the water, you know ... ”John scratched his head. "It was an experiment." He laughed. "Who can hold his breath the longest?" Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Let's say I had a little accident during the experiment," John nodded. "And um .." A little nervous, he ran his hand through his hair. "Do you have a girlfriend?" Sherlock coughed. "Uh John, you should know, that resuscitation meant nothing to me. As you said, I was half dead and- "" Oh god no! That wasn't supposed to-no! ” John's eyes widened. "Good." Sherlock nodded. "Still, do you have a girlfriend?" Sherlock shook his head. "No, I'm gay." That came surprisingly fast. "Oh ... okay uh boyfriend?" "Nope" John didn't learn a thing from the face, that continued to look at him intently.
But I am not a mortal man, so John takes the lube from my shaking hands and keeps one hand over my unbeating heart, as I gasp for breath I don’t need (except I do need it, need the oxygen like a drug, or so my brain keeps telling me) and open my legs so he can settle between them.
Neither of them say anything as Sherlock makes scrambled eggs on toast for three. By the time he’s done, Claire emerges from the bathroom in a cloud of steam wearing one of those ensembles that can go from professional to on-the-prowl with a roll of the hem and some red lipstick. Her hair is tamed into a French braid and her make-up is flawless.
“It was…a complicated situation,” John says carefully. “I was very confused. Remember I already loved Sherlock - I’ve always loved him, since the day we met -, but I was married to your mother, and it seemed easier, I guess. To tell myself it was his fault, because I already felt so guilty because…”
Claire enlists Grace and Alice to tow John to a table, where they sit him down, ply him with strong drink, and tell him the story of how Sherlock Holmes had had more women in his bed than John had ever met, all without sleeping with any of them.
It’s not hard to deduce where Rosie is. He hasn’t spent twenty years following Sherlock Holmes through London without learning a thing or two, after all, and it’s only about ten minutes before he finds her, sitting on a park bench watching the ducks.
But I am not a mortal man, and so John takes his devotion southward, trailing fire across my chest, across my nipples which peak for him, begging for his mouth, which he bestows in abundance. He trails kisses along my inner arms and suckles on the tender inside of my wrist, and I make a wailing sound that’s almost a sob, because I am burning up, I am made up of desire and smoke, and there is nothing in the world but John.
John does not put his lips to my skin again – if he tried, I like to believe I would be strong enough to stop him – but his hands roam everywhere, as he folds me up, as he gathers up my hands and folds them around my knees so that I am holding myself open for him, as he leans forward and presses a single closed-mouth kiss to my bottom lip.
, Sherlock! You have made me extraordinary. Everything that I am, everything that I’m proud of in my life and all the things I’m going to do one day - that’s all because of you. So don’t let anyone tell you you’re not my father, because you’re the best father anyone has ever had, and that’s final”
“But I don’t want to hurt you, Sherlock,” she says, and sits up. She takes his face in her hands and they stare at each other. “You didn’t kill my mother,” she says fiercely. “She got herself killed, and got you to blame yourself for it. And she nearly killed you!”
? How…what? Eight? John isn’t even sure how that would work, because after all Sherlock has only one…and there are eight and…it’s all very disturbing, and basically all his mind is doing is going ‘so much skin…’ and he’s very confused.
“Okay, go,” John says, but he keeps watching as the fascinated cabbie pulls away ever so slowly.  So he doesn’t miss the way Sherlock pulls her to her feet and they run, light-footed, to the door where, silhouetted against the restaurant light, they kiss passionately.
His housemates started refusing to host parties because by the end of the night there would be three or four girls in Sherlock’s bed and more on the floor, and if you so much as stuck your head in there you’d be met with a vicious glare and a whispered
And every word sinks into John’s chest like a punch from an angry stranger, and he makes a strangled sound almost like a sob.
“No, I’ve studied your anatomy textbooks, and I know where that scar of yours is - I’ve seen it. She was trying to kill you. And if she had - if I’d never known you…God, Sherlock, my life would have been so empty. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
“John, trust me on this. Sherlock Holmes is so gay he fell off the other end of the rainbow, okay?” Claire says, giving him a little shove.
He tells the story, the whole story, the lies and the cover-ups and Magnussen, and eventually he comes to Mary’s death. They’re both crying a bit by then.
Eventually Sherlock appears in his bedroom door and calls them a pack of chattering harpies and tells them to clear off. John is pretty sure that if he tried that he’d  be getting things thrown at him, but they laugh and kiss Sherlock’s cheek and tell him that he’s an absolute marvel and clear off, leaving empty teacups and a melange of different perfumes drifting about the flat. John stares into space, trying to banish the mental images his brain is presenting him with or, failing that, the erection that is determined on making itself known.
Before John, I hated feeding. I would delay and delay and delay, until my pale skin turned grey and my too-thin face turned skeletal, until even Lestrade flinched from the red glow in my pupils and my teeth began to misbehave, until I found myself staring at Anderson’s throat and licking my lips. It wasn’t that I was I didn’t want to feed. I wanted to,
John is confused and disturbed. Yes. Confused. Disturbed. Not jealous, and definitely not aroused. He doesn’t care if Sherlock is apparently getting off with half of London, he’d just rather not have to worry about walking in on an orgy every time he comes back from the pub, ta very much. Only how exactly does one go about talking about this kind of thing? “Mate, I respect your life and your choices, but do you think that maybe you could move the sex elsewhere?” is not likely to go down well. So he just keeps it quiet and resolves to ignore the situation. Besides which, if he starts telling Sherlock that he can’t bring girls home, Sherlock would be well within his rights to insist that
And okay, now Sherlock is crying again, but only because he feels as though his heart is about to burst out of his chest, and Rosie puts her arms around him again and just holds him as he cries, his magnificent, brilliant daughter, whom he loves more than anything.
“It doesn’t matter,” he says. “It’s true anyway. It’s all true, I’m just being stupid.” He summons up a smile for her, but it must look dreadfully fake because her face crumbles and she starts crying again and oh God, he made her cry!
John has been living with Sherlock for three weeks the first time he comes downstairs and there’s a woman in the kitchen. She has long, dark red hair that looks glamorously dishevelled, and she’s wearing Sherlock’s third-best dressing gown open over boxers and a t-shirt that John immediately recognizes as Sherlock’s. She’s making tea and smiling to herself when he comes in, and she jumps a little when he clears his throat.
!” Rosie protests, and she’s pacing in front of the bench now, her hands in her golden hair. “That’s stupid! She got herself killed, how could he blame himself for that? How could
, whiting out my vision on every stroke of his cock inside me. I can feel him inside me, feel the clench of my muscles around him, feel his pleasure building with the force of his thrusts until I am forced to fumble both hands up to clutch the headboard before my head hits it. Every thrust
Things come to a head when Sherlock is invited to attend a reunion. Apparently uni reunions are a thing, although honestly John’s never heard of one. Sherlock would probably not have gone, except there are no cases on and John thinks that getting out of the flat for a bit would do him a world of good. Sherlock eventually agrees, on the condition that John come with him, which suits John fine – he could use some time outside the flat as well, if he’s being honest.
He doesn’t get much further, because John is crowding into his space and kissing him and kissing him and kissing him.
people’s parties could probably be heard around the world, since he’d leave with a piper’s trail of pretty girls looking for a safe place to sleep it off.
She smiles again and tells him her name is Claire, and goes back into Sherlock’s room with two cups of tea, leaving behind the faintest trace of perfume. John hears a deep laugh that can only be Sherlock’s and it’s not like he’s
John is, once again, confused and disturbed. It’s not that he doesn’t believe that Sherlock could have friends. It’s not even that he doesn’t believe Sherlock can have girlfriends – after all, he’s seen Sherlock faffing about the flat in his pants, and also there’s Grace and Claire and Alice and all the rest – it’s that he finds it hard to believe that Sherlock has had
?” he finds himself asking, and Sherlock flinches away from him. When John takes a step closer Sherlock actually
I am limp and languid as he steers me to my bedroom, and I fall in slow-motion to my bed, landing sprawled and staring, dark-eyed up at him as he sheds his clothes. I know that he loves me like this – he loves me every way, languid and dreamy-eyed in his bed or wrapped up and icy, he loves me loves me loves me but this, this is special, this is
“Sit down. You’ve hurt Sherlock, hurt him badly, and I’m not letting you anywhere near him until you know enough to understand exactly what you’ve done. So sit down, and listen.”
And it might have amused them later to learn that they are thinking the exact same thing at the exact same moment.
“God, Sherlock,” he moans, wanting me, wanting to be inside me, and I flail frantically (ungracefully) for the bedside drawer, but then my hand is shaking too much to actually grasp anything, and he stills me with a kiss that leaves me breathless and gasping, shaking myself apart with the sheer force of my desire in a bed that is not empty at all. If I were a mortal man, I would ask to fuck him, I would push myself inside of him until he cried out with pleasure, and I would leave traces of myself inside him forever.
And then comes the morning John comes down the stairs in his dressing gown (having combed his hair just in case) and Sherlock’s door opens and out comes Anne, Grace, Sally, Claire, and three or four other women he doesn’t know. Three of them are wearing Sherlock’s dressing gowns, two of them are wrapped in bedsheets, one is wrapped up in the duvet, and one is wearing what he’s almost certain is Sherlock’s shirt. Her panties are…tiny. And pink. John makes them tea and they smile at him and ruffle his hair disappear one at a time into the bathroom to emerge flawlessly put together and still smiling.
It’s like watching a silent movie, really. Sherlock falls to his knees right there in the restaurant, and John can see the pleading expression on his face from the cab. The woman’s shoulders fall and she reaches out to take his hand.
“It’s okay, Dad,” she says, and puts her hand on his head. “She shot Sherlock.” Like it’s that simple, like someone who shoots Sherlock doesn’t deserve love. And John hates that she has to reconcile this with her picture of Mary - whom they had never painted as a saint, but nobody had felt the need to bring the assassin bit up before.
“Did you know Sherlock kept a diary?” she asks instead of answering, and no, John had not known that. “I found it under the desk last week. I’d dropped a slide and…”
The system now is pretty efficient, actually. If your date turns out to be a creeper, you tap an app. The app signals Sherlock, provides him with a location, and Sherlock…shows up. According to Grace, Sherlock has proposed to her no less than eight times (she has awful taste in men), every time a beautifully acted, tearful scene of reconciliation that, on two occasions, had the restaurant applauding their reunion. He keeps an engagement ring in his dresser for occasions like that.
Five minutes later Sherlock comes around the corner, the blonde on his arm, and they both duck into the car. Sherlock has red lipstick all over his mouth, and the blonde woman is smiling, although her hands appear to be shaking.
, is like a little death, sending white sheets of lightning sparking across my eyes, and I am crying out more or less continuously now, jerking and spasming around him with more pleasure than a mortal body could survive.
“Back to Bart’s,” he tells the cabbie, who is grinning at them in the rearview. No doubt at the thought of his absolutely massive fare.
“I’m not upset!” John protests. She raises a perfect eyebrow. “I’m just…confused. About…all that. Sherlock is just so…Sherlock. And…well, I’m confused. How on earth has he got that many women to…”
And he doesn’t, not quite, but she is glaring at him, so he gives a short nod, and she smiles, a wry little twist of a ‘you’re an idiot’ smile that she definitely got from John. When she starts talking, she speaks quickly, like the words are falling over each other to get out of her mouth, and she’s staring at him intently - deducing whether he believes her, the way he taught her.
Sherlock’s breath hitches, and John stops dead. He knows that sound, he’s heard it before, in the dead of night when Sherlock thought he was asleep, and once on the floor of a morgue.
All too soon, we will need to get up. John needs a shower – I need a shower, come to think of it. The sheets will need to be…quite possibly burned. Again. There are things to do, important things, but right now? With John in my arms, warm against my skin, his beating heart sounding in my ears?
“Morning,” she says, and her voice – husky and sweetly low – goes perfectly with the frankly spectacular combination of eyes, mouth, and body. “You must be John. Tea?”
“Darling, you’re an idiot. John, come sit down. Sherlock, go away.” Sherlock went across the room, where he stood against the wall glaring at John.
“Hmm, of a sort,” Alice says thoughtfully. “Quite pretty, in a skinny sort of way. Said he was bisexual but I think he just wanted to have what nobody else could get, because he certainly never went for any blokes after he dumped Sherlock – and he’d have had to, because none of us wanted anything to do with him after that. He got quite nasty about it afterwards as well, told the whole world that Sherlock was too uptight to put out and so on.”
“It was my pleasure,” Sherlock says, and escorts her to the door, where she rises on her tiptoes to kiss his cheek as he helps her with her coat.
“Fuck technically!” she hisses, and her arms go around him even more tightly. “Not a word of it is true, and I don’t even know why I said it now, because
His desire and mine are entwined now, my mind opening to his even as my body does. I am both fucking and fucked, in this moment, I am John and myself, penetrating and penetrated, and when John finally,
confused, because she’s talking as though it’s the most ridiculous thing she’s ever heard and John, personally, doesn’t think it’s that ridiculous of an idea. Not when you’ve seen someone come out of someone else’s bedroom wearing their things, anyway.
She does glance at him then, the same unsure glance from the corner of the eye that Sherlock always gives, when he knows what he’s said is not-good, but isn’t quite sure how badly it’s going to be received.
The first woman sees them, smiles broadly, and comes over to kiss Sherlock on the cheek. A second woman sees, and does the same. Pretty soon women on the other side of the room are deserting their dates in order to talk to Sherlock, touch Sherlock, hug him, and kiss his cheeks. And Sherlock is…accepting this? John watches, awestruck, as Sherlock hugs woman after woman after woman, smiles at them with crinkly eyes and all and kisses more cheeks than a politician. He’s asking about their husbands! Okay, admittedly he actually gets more than half of their husbands’ names wrong, but that’s par for the course, and they just smile at him about it.
When she’s gone Sherlock returns to his bedroom without a word, and sleeps for two hours before emerging to sprawl on the couch for the rest of the day.
!” One of his crowd of admirers pulls him down to whisper in his ear and John has never seen Sherlock looks so revolted in his
“And the Victor Trevor thing?” John finally asks. “Boyfriend, I’m guessing? Didn’t know about Sherlock’s white knight tendencies?”
Sherlock stumbles to his feet and takes her in his arms. They end up on the floor, Rosie in his lap as she was when she was tiny, just a tiny bundle of smiles with a tuft of golden hair, and she clings to him to tightly, as though she thinks he might run if she lets go. As if he would. As if he
His hand roams across my stomach leaving trails of fire in its wake, and I part my legs for him, begging, begging, until he dips between my thighs to press a single finger to my entrance, sending lighting up my spine and making me gasp.
“So, Violet. She’s new,” John says. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him. “I mean, I haven’t met her…before.”
And then he wets a washcloth and doesn’t speak as he runs it down my body, and it’s as though the heat from the water has taken up residence in my very core. I drain the glass, he pours me another, and I drain that too. I can feel him settling into my body, reactivating my quiescent cells with his essence, I can feel him bringing me to life even as his hands move over my slow-warming skin, the palest hint of a blush staining my skin now. So it begins.
So when we reach the door to 221B, much as I’d like to, I don’t run straight to the refrigerator, I don’t guzzle down a pint of blood and glut myself on John, on his skin and his touch and his living breathing presence (although I have, in the past, and will again). Instead, I strip myself, revealing my milk-pale skin to his watching eyes, and run a bath. I want to be clean for him. There are candles, and so I light them, admiring the golden highlights they bring to my marble flesh, and I lean back, letting the water seep its warmth into my cool skin.
“He thought he’d killed her. Hell, I thought he’d killed her. I know better now, but he…well. Sherlock’s always been very willing to believe the worst of himself.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something, he doesn’t know what (it will probably be something witty and self-deprecating though) but Rosie speaks before he can.
“You! You think…and Sherlock…Oh my God this is the most hilarious thing I’ve ever heard. Holmes! Oi,
“John, please,” I say, and my voice makes him shudder, the deep rough silk of it, wrecked on the altar of John Watson, made rough with desire, with its inhuman harmonics filled to the brim with
The word spread from there. If you’re in trouble, if your date is not taking no for an answer, if your drink tastes funny or you’re not sure where your feet have gone,
And after Wilkes, John had rather had the idea that Sherlock was not exactly the most popular bloke in class. Which, alright, if Sherlock was sleeping with every attractive woman in the vicinity back then, actually makes quite a bit of sense.
That was definitely a question Sherlock never expected to be asked from his former bully. Even more unexpected was him agreeing, after having a chat with the boy. Even the chat was so damn weird and Sherlock was excepting some kind of betrayal in the middle of it. But nothing happened. Tony got up after their agreement and turned back at the door.
Sherlock really did want to go to the game for the first time ever, but John's friends were faster. "Aren't you supposed to train?" he asked them in an annoyed tone. "Shut up, Holmes," spat one of them. "Your hanging around our captain is creepy. You're way out of his league," said the other one.
Mr. Roberts let them out in the afternoon and by that time, they were all fine. Sherlock didn't even mind being in tent with those two anymore but when Mr. Roberts offered him to be with John in their own tent as a reward for Sherlock being reasonable, he of course didn't decline and gave his boyfriend a mischieveous smile.
Then, taking everyone by surprise, he picked Sherlock up, spun him around and kissed his lips. Sherlock thought he was dreaming, slowly trying to kiss back, gripping at John's short hair at the back of his neck. Sherlock thought the cheering went on louder, but maybe it was just his imagination.
"Yes," laughed the  blonde boy after a few seconds. "It's just that...I've never seen you with straight hair. It's kind of weird to see," he explained with a happy smile written across his face.
,,Hm," John smiled a bit, bowed down, grabbed the gun and hid it in his pocket. ,,Pretty little welcoming present, Sherlock. I am also happy to see you," now he was standing right in front of the detective that wasn't able to move anymore. This wasn't real, he thought. This couldn't be real. ,,Why?" was the only thing, that was Sherlock able to say. John grinned. He waited for this question for three months and it finally came. He finally got to see the man, that was asking it.
Sherlock did not know if anoyed or excited voices were louder, but his was definitely very much annoyed.
"I heard you!" shouted the curly-haired boy after him, but all he could hear was John's loud laugh behind the kitchen counter.
"I don't know what to apologize for," Sherlock said, now looking confused. That was it for the blonde boy. He turned around, put just his jacket on and walked out the door.
Sherlock arrived, said bye to Mrs. Hudson and then watched her go sit down next to the empty space where John was supposed to sit. He breathed in, then out and tried not to think about it. He has to win this for John. When he wins the trophy, he will let John melt it and maybe then he'll forgive him. Just maybe.
John rushed in, ran up the stairs and quickly unlocked the door to Sherlock's apartment. He immediately froze in place. Suddenly he realized, that this scenery would be the concept of his nightmares for a long time. He's never seen anything worse.
As he thought that, someone suddenly came into the room with a loud thud. It was Mrs. Hudson and John was never happier to see that woman.
Sherlock wanted to respond, but an excited John Watson appeared in front of him. How the hell did he get here so fast? ,,Were you waiting right here?" suspected the curly-haired boy and John knowingly smiled. "Of course not," he said, which was an obvious lie. "Anyway, here's the ticket," the blonde boy put the ticket in his backpack's side pocket and smiled again. "See you there, Sherlock Holmes, I gotta go," John waved to him and ran of.
Sherlock looked from the door to the kitchen counter. "Was I supposed to ask him first?" he mumbled to himself, turning back to the counter, now feeling distressed.
For whole months, he was leaving Sherlock's room only to stare at the kitchen knife, or the gun on the shelf. Sometimes he stared on a rope he found somewhere in the apartment. He even climbed the stairs to the damn building, where he has seen the detective for the last time and just sat on the edge, watching the sky above him. How did Sherlock feel, when he stood here? Was he feeling sorry? Did he know what it'd do to John?
Sherlock really didn't want to leave the campfire. Not only because it was nice to spend time with John, also the fire was fascinating and mainly he didn't want to join the two boys whom already went into their tent. Also, when everyone else left, John kissed him a lot. The fire was still burning when John pulled up his shirt and touched his bare skin. Sherlock let out a soft voice and also reached for his boyfriend's shirt.
He wanted to get up but Sherlock grabbed his hand. ,,No," the boy said with a desperate expression. ,,Please, stay John. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please don't leave me." Tears started to fall down his cheeks and that almost drove John to tears as well. He sat back down and squeezed Sherlock's hand.
"What happened?" he asked Robert calmly. The boy gave out a sigh and bowed his head down. Then he silently said what he told Sherlock. The silence felt like ages. "The hell did you-!" in the next second John was trying to get to him and hit him, but thankfully Tony stopped him and was trying to hold him in place.
Somehow the topic of dancing came up. Tony seemed interested in how it's like being the only boy in dance class and told Sherlock that he was doing latin dance for some time, which made all the boys genuinely laugh, since imagining Tony on a dance floor was a funny thought.
Sherlock just wanted to leave after that. He would, but John came over to him with an exhausted smile. "Guys, where's my hoodie?" he asked one of his friends. The black-haired boy threw a grey hoodie over at him. It was the team hoodie with John's surname written on its back. "Are you cold or somethin', mate?" asked the boy and John shook his head.
The boys did what they were told, stood up and took eachothers hands. The therapist made them apologize, but it was a very cold and fake "sorry", while squeezing hands maybe way too much.
Almost everyone at school was excited for the tournament, even the teachers would talk about it for at least five minutes before teaching. It kind of got annoying, but John looked pleased with all the attention he got, even though he got a lot of it even before. Sherlock tried ignoring all of them and read one of his thriller books.
"What?!" he hissed angrily. "John is here," told him Tony and Sherlock immidieately lightened up and quickly opened the tent. Of course, there was nobody outside. How stupid of him to think it's true. His two companions were already laughing their arses off. "Even a funeral would be funnier," he mumbled with annoyance. Robert made a little ,oh' said: "You're not fun at all, Holmes," and laughed again.
"You alright?" asked him John after half an hour and gave him an understanding smile. "Not angry anymore?" asked the taller boy in an annoyed voice and John laughed. "There were worst times than you not packing your bag. But still, Sherlock. I'm not your mother. Next time you're going with nothing."
"The hell is wrong? It's one-" "Sherlock went into the woods," Robert cut his friend off and left him with a shocked expression. "Why exactly is Sherlock in the woods?" his voice got really quiet. The boys couldn't remember when was the last time they've seen John this scary. Robert nervously stepped further away from his rugby captain and John's gaze moved to him. The blonde boy was shorter than his friend, but definitely scarier. His team really respected him.
This looks like a long night, thought Sherlock to himself, already feeling exhausted. That feeling quickly vanished, because John took his hand and entwined their fingers. ,,Let's go have some fun," he looked at Sherlock with a wide smile and at that moment, Sherlock really did believe they'd have fun that night.
They had lunch after that, Sherlock sat with John of course. Sadly, a lot of kids also wanted to sit with him, so the table became really loud with all their talking. In the end, Sherlock just quietly took his food, returned it and tried to ignore his boyfriend's worried look.
In the end, John ended up being in the picture too, holding the trophy along with Sherlock, because that was the curly-haired boy's wish.
"Come on," John awkwardly patted his shoulder, as if he didn't kiss him in front of the whole field the other day. ,,It'll be ok. At least you can get along with them better." Sherlock looked at him with sarcastic amazement. "Oh, you think, John? Sounds incredible!" Then he scowled and grunted: "As if!"
they hand things over brunch at the café, and John always feels like letting his hand linger just for the blink of an eye. When they are about to leave and
So, the journey is over! I have been working on this fic for more than a year and this past year was pretty eventful for me. Somehow this fic somehow has been there all the time. So I'm a bit emotional.
“Ah, pleased to meet you, Mr Holmes! George Billingham. I went to college with Mycroft. And you are…?”
a nightmare so bad that he sat in his bed at half past two in the morning. His skin was damp with sweat and he was breathing heavily. His pulse wouldn’t
when they are almost done, Linda adds, „Do get some sleep whenever you can, John. She’ll probably want her bottle every few hours. Do you have someone to
“So. Hi. I’m John,“ he says, stretching his hand out to Melinda. Melinda is a bit taller than Harry, has light brown, shoulder length hair and an open,
he got hold of – chemistry, physics, mathematics as well as philosophy, history and languages. He read books on medicine, psychology and criminology, on
The next thing John realizes are his lips touching Sherlock’s. An uncontrollable amount of want and need rises inside him.
After receiving three letters full of unspoken unhappiness in Sherlock’s stiff, childlike handwriting within a month, Mycroft called his parents. They had
hands. He sneaked back into Sherlock’s bedroom and crawled into bed. Sherlock had turned around and slept there, facing him, his head resting on his right
Harry had a girlfriend by the time she confronted her parents, some girl she had met at a party. John vaguely knew she was even more trouble than Harry. It
This does feel a bit weird, but not much. Sherlock is far too happy to really feel weird. He looks at John, questioningly.
amazement in his eyes. He opens his trousers, but doesn’t push them down. He gives a provocative shrug, implying everything from
John pulls Sherlock closer, kissing him for real now. He seems to be hungry for him, and, oh God, he tastes amazing. Slightly out of breath, John withdraws, pulling Sherlock’s shirt open, messing with his cuffs until they are open and drags the shirt off him. Sherlock’s bare skin touches John’s as he kisses Sherlock again, slower this time, but no less intense.
And now John moves. He claims Sherlock with his body, he makes him his, he fucks him. And he completely loses himself in him, allows himself to be claimed
bottle, his coat and his bag, the very one he came here with eighteen months ago. And then he left, without looking back.
“Actually I wanted to bring you some of those shortbreads you like. They’re wonderful with some tea, you know.”
Later, he finds himself on Sherlock’s chest, propped on his elbows beside Sherlock’s body. Sherlock has flung his arms around him and he is holding him,
than Sherlock’s stories would have justified. Around half past one, when the second bottle was half empty, John punched Sherlock gently on his arm.
Ever since John and Matilda have moved back in with Sherlock, Mycroft comes to see them every once in a while. Sherlock still is acerbic towards him, even
mouth, drawing two thick wet stripes over his lower lip, his chin and his neck. He kisses him, needy to taste John in his own mouth.
a lot easier. There was one of the other students, he was two years older than me. Not dull, but challenging. He liked me. And I didn't despise him as much as the
He realizes quickly. This is nothing new, nothing that developed over the last few months. He just didn’t dare to see it. All the looks, the touches, his
The next morning, Mrs Hudson arrives with a bag of fresh clothes for John. John insists on taking a shower before he gets changed. Sherlock is a bit
Later that day, when John comes home from Tesco’s, he looks into the living room and finds Sherlock in his chair, reading one of John’s medical journals.
arranging his and his daughter’s life to worry about his sexuality. Or the state of his relationship with Sherlock. His priorities have shifted and,
“You might be right,” Sherlock says, recalling the information he has on men at John’s age and the correlation of PTSD and cardiac arrests. “But what could I possibly do about it?” Even though swearing has always been a habit of John’s, it did get a bit out of control recently.
He didn’t say much at first, he only cried. Then he put the bottle of whisky on the table, asking bluntly, “Are you off or can we drink?”
He got himself a glass of water. That fantasy of Sherlock was far away now. He had been dreaming about it a lot during the first weeks of his marriage,
hanging over the grey-blueish water, dark and deep. It was colder than it had been in Glasgow. Sherlock had pulled his coat closely around him. John took
Sherlock hands him the bottle. John takes a few large drops on his index and middle finger, spreading it and waiting a moment until the cool liquid has
“Quins versus Maori All Blacks at Twickenham? That sounds… pretty good! I haven’t been to a match in ages!”
John didn’t only start buying their food and everyday stuff again. By June, he even joined Sherlock on cases again. Just sometimes, in the beginning. He
. When they are finished eating, talking and kissing, John falls asleep. He dimly notices Sherlock getting
An old man sits down next to them. (Why this bench? There are others! Can’t he see that?) John sits a little closer to Sherlock. And a little more, to give room for the old man. Very close. So close Sherlock’s heart goes faster. John’s thigh touches Sherlock’s. Sherlock can’t talk anymore. How can this be so difficult? He wants John close, but when he is, he can’t handle it.
The garden has filled with people. Margaret is being hugged and given presents. And she has to take care of her growing number of guests. “Excuse me, John, dear, I just have to get rid of all this nonsense,” she whispers as she takes an armful of sophisticatedly wrapped boxes and envelopes and vanishes through the crowd.
“It’s not about the case,” Sherlock says, and a moment later the cab is pulling up in front of an incredibly posh restaurant with floor-to-ceiling glass windows, and Sherlock pays the cabby and hops out. He stops John from following. “Pick me up around the corner in ten,” he says, and strides toward the doors.
“I don’t know why you said what you said,” John says finally. “But you have to know that it’s not true. Sherlock has been a father to you all your life, in every way that matters. And I think that you know that. Sherlock loves you with all his heart, and that’s a beautiful gift. But that means you can hurt him more than anyone, so you need to have a care, my darling.”
, the amount those two fight. And there’s no in-between either - it’s either Sherlock-and-Rosie like they’re joined at the hip, talking philosophy and science and literature in a mad mishmash of seven different languages - Rosie maintains that it’s impossible to discuss poetry in anything but French, and Sherlock is firm that Arabic is the only suitable language to discuss philosophy, although he’s willing to give German the occasional go - or it’s screaming matches in the sitting room and throwing things.
"Oh my, what is this shouting?" an old lady looked out the downstairs door. "Excuse my friend, Mrs. Hudson. I have to talk to him upstairs," apologized Sherlock for a confused John Watson, took his hand and dragged him up the stairs.
"Sherlock? Sherlock please, talk to me," he gently nudged the brown-haired boy's arm and was relieved when he slowly opened his eyes. ,,I am very angry with you," said John with a sigh. ,,That doesn't matter right now. The ambulance will be here any minute. I'll wait for them outside, you try to stay awake."
"Surprise, guys! Camping!" cheered the youngest teacher Miss Haze. "We'll be staying in tents and sleeping bags provided by the school!"
John couldn't be happier right now, he felt relieve washing over him and Robert's and Tony's curious gazes.
A blonde boy in a werewolf costume impatiently waited for his friend. He looked out the window. It'll get really dark soon. He doesn't want to bother people too late, even though the dark provides the perfect Halloween atmospehere.
Afternoon flew by so fast thanks to the next game, which took way longer. It was a long kind of adventurous game that took part in the forest and the teachers also joined in. It could've been fun if Sherlock played it with John, but once he finally wasn't bored, Robert and Tony started complaining how stupid it was. When he finally told them to shut up, they came back with some stupid comments and annoyed him for the rest of the game. At least they didn't hit him.
news with a certain ease. Either Lestrade has told them before and ordered them not to make any stupid comments or they have been suspecting it for a long
They sat in the kitchen until the early hours of the morning. They drank and they talked and they cried, both of them. When the bottle was almost empty,
Greg grins proudly. He gives him a pat on the back, laughing, “Mate, it’s been about time. I’m so happy to hear that.”
He finally got to sit with John at dinner. "This time you'll eat," reminded him the blonde boy strictly and Sherlock rolled his eyes. How did he remember that?  But he listened to him, since he was hungry after that long game anyway. They finally talked, because his boyfriend told the others to sit somewhere else. They looked kind of offended but listened to him.
"Sherlock! Wake up, please, I have to get you to bed!" Someone woke him up by gently shaking him. The dark-haired boy slowly opened his eyes and saw very worried John crouching down in front of him.
But just as tears of helplessness started slipping down his cheeks, he heard a low voice on the other side of the big tree. "John?" He was on his legs in an instant and quickly ran to the other side of the tree.
Sherlock wasn't looking at him. He was most likely ignoring him and John was lost. How will he convince him to go to the therapist? Who will he listen to if not his brother?
They knew he would be hard to find, but neither of them remembered any time they'd been more worried. John felt it way more than the others, of course. He was paired up with Tony and Robert, whom he tried to ignore and called out after Sherlock. He became very desperate after an hour, as well as the other boys.
"Dude, that was way too much even for a joke," said the brown-haired boy to his friend. Robert sighed and nodded. "Sorry, I just got so annoyed with that guy." "Yeah, he's a freak but you told him that he should've died and now he went into the woods at one in the morning. Are you an idiot? He's like this super thin and weak dude, what if something happens to him?" They were both getting seriously nervous now.
Mr. Roberts told Sherlock to sit between Robert and Tony so they wouldn't chat together, to which John opossed to, so the teacher let him sit in front of the curly-haired boy. Still, both John and Sherlock let their angry gazes glued to the table.
"Come on, you have to help me a little, I can't carry you," John laughed lightly and stretched out his hand to his boyfriend. Sherlock tried to ignore his headache and grasped the blonde boy's hand to let John help him up.
"You had a fight." It wasn't a question. "A fight? No, no, I didn't do anything to him. He-" "Oh, please, John, it is just a thing!" Sherlock didn't let him finish and the blonde boy glared at him. "You hear him? He somehow melted our rugby trophy and he can't even apologize! Hell, he doesn't care about how I feel! He apparently doesn't care about anything!" John was shouting now, but after Mr. Denver shushed him, he took a deep breath and tried to calm down by being quiet.
Sherlock couldn't be happier. He watched John on the field with a wide smile, his arms tightly clutching at the hoodies collar.
the blonde boy thought to himself, while watching Sherlock on the little stage. He looked beautiful as ever. Funny thing was, the curly-haired boy didn't notice John for a while, so he didn't look nervous thanks to thinking he was alone.
"We were really unsure about the first place for a long time, but it was shortly decided after one performance. We'll say just first three places, give prizes and then it'll be over," he sat back down and one of the women started reading the names. Sherlock wasn't listening. He definitely wasn't on the podium so why would he bother?
The flat was a mess. Used up needles were all over the place. John couldn't believe his eyes. What the hell is this? He rushed to Sherlock's side and very carefully removed the needle from Sherlock's arm. Then he spoke.
Sherlock was very much annoyed, but John was way faster than him because of rugby, so he almost fell off the stairs trying to chase after Mrs. Hudson. Before he got a chance to convince her to not listen to John, the door to her apartment closed.
"Thanks, Sherlock," that was the first time he called him by his name and then he just quickly rubbed his hair, then put his hand down. "Sorry, I wanted to do that for a long time," he laughed at Sherlock's annoyed face. The dark-haired boy rolled his eyes. "Yes, don't do that again."
All the attention moved over to Robert and he started looking even more apologetic. "I'm really sorry, okay? I didn't want to say that, I really didn't...I'm sorry!" he threw up his hands and John wanted to run at him again, but this time Mrs. Turner grabbed his collar. "You're gonna be sorry if anything happens to him, your sorry isn't helping, arsehole!" he shouted again and this time Mrs. Turner smacked his head.
"Why are you here, John? Your team is up," he approached his boyfriend casually. John turned around, smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "They'll manage. I was just asking Rob and Tony here how you three are doing." ,,We're fine," answered Sherlock curtly and the other two boys shot him a suprised look. They probably expected him to complain. Who do they think he is?
The brown-haired boy looked up from his phone and sighed. Why does he feel a bit sad? It's not like John Watson knew him or he knew him. And they're complete opposites. Sherlock kicked off his ballet shoes, shoved them into their bag and got up from the seat he was sitting at. He almost left the building, but someone tapped his shoulder and he stopped.
The gathered students wanted to complain, but Mr. Walker shot them a strict and worned down look, so they immediately started leaving. "Why me, I want to sleep," sighed Mrs. Roberts and rubbed her eyes. "Because you're a teacher too, Charlotte," reminded Mrs. Turner her collegue and friend, whom sighed again but quickly also started walking towards John, whom already ran towards the woods to search for his boyfriend.
"Fun's over, lovebirds." Mrs. Turner's voice startled them so much that they fell over the bench and ended up on the ground, with their t-shirts still pulled up. The teacher laughed softly and went to put out the fire. "Come on, boys, you'll get cold," she hurried them and they got up after a short while with annoyed faces. "And don't look at me like that, it's late. Do this in private," she crossed her hands on her chest and shook her head with a chuckle. John sighed. "Good night, Mrs. Turner," he quickly kissed Sherlock's cheek and hurried into his tent. The teacher watched the curly-haired boy with pure interest and some questions on her mind, so he quickly also said good night to her and almost ran away.
"You know that is not true, John. I deeply care about you, but that trophy was a thing and I was trying to see-" "I don't care what you were trying to see!" sneered his boyfriend, shaking his head in disbelief. "Mr. Denver, please make him at least apologize, or I'll probably kill him soon."
"Oh, the drug addict now tells me I have a problem? Look in the mirror, Sherlock. You're not even getting better, you look like you're dying!" John threw his arms and Sherlock frowned and looked around. "Would you please stop shouting? Not everyone needs to know about two problematic sixteen year olds, do they?" his voice was now almost a whisper and his friend choked out a humorless laugh.
When his friend put him on the ground again, keeping their foreheads together and smiling at him with the happiest smile Sherlock ever saw.
"John, how long is the rugby practise again?" sighed Sherlock with annoyance, watching John put his sneakers on. His friend rolled his eyes, took off his sweatshirt and put it next to Sherlock. "An hour, Sherlock. There's a game on friday, remember? Watch me," he winked at the end and went running after his rugby friends.
He did notice John, however, when he decided to rest for a bit. He looked at him with surprised eyes, but smiled after few seconds. That made John's heart jump a bit.
John was now watching him with an angry expression. "Oh, it's  my fault? It's my fault that I want to talk to my friends about something that really hurt me? Could I talk about it with you? I don't think so!" he threw up his hands and then crossed them over  his chest after that.
"Oh dear, John's not going?" she asked Sherlock, who smiled at her bittersweetly. "He's still sulking," he answered her and quickly opened the door.
The benched players liked to mock him for even being there. Coach was just a few feet away from them, but they still whispered dumb insults on his account. One of them stucked the most though. "It's weird that John chose you. What are you ever for? I bet you're good in bed, way too submissive or somethin'."
"What do you want?" he asked the taller boy, keeping a comfortable distance. Tony nervously rubbed the back of his head and smiled. "Er...sorry for scaring you, mate. I just wanted to ask if it were possible to teach me a little of...ballet."
John led him right on the field and started talking to the coach about him sitting there. Sherlock thought it would be a problem after all and started leaving, but the coach just called out to him, smiling. "It's cute, isn't he like your own cheerleader?" she laughed warmly and both boys instanly blushed.
After the third one, he had almost lost any hope he had left. He can never win this and now it was his turn and he felt like his heart was going to burst. He was always confident in this, deducing, and his mind in general, but now he lost every bit of confidence he had. The contestants were mostly all girls, looking at him with judging expressions, as if expecting him to run away. Honestly, that was  what he wanted to do, but then he thought of his promise to John and to Tony, who was definitely also in audience. Maybe they could be friends. He never actually had any friends.
"Just want to let you guys know who I love," Sherlock thought his smile looked a bit strained after that. He was confused, but then John came up to him and pulled the hoodie over him. The curly-haired boy thought it'd be his death. His face was burning so much he thought it was visible for everyone.
After another half an hour, John was just so hopeless, that he tried the last thing that he thought would work. He texted Sherlock. It was a stupid idea, also it was a miracle that he had service in the place they were, but he didn't know what else to do and was on the verge of tears.
Something felt wrong. It was as if the murderer lured him to himself, it was just weird. Sherlock already had him the second day that he serached for him. He was smart, didn't leave a single trace after himself, that would  get him to his identity. The only thing he knew about him was that he was a man. Now the detective was standing in a dark tunnel and began to notice that this must've been the end of his investigation. He smelled the blood and heard its sound, the sound of it dripping from a simple kitchen knife. It was almost unbelievable how careful this murderer was.
In the corner of his eyes, he noticed someone at the door. They were probably standing there for a while now. Sherlock stopped and was even more surprised, when he saw Tony Alday standing there. He hestitated before slowly walking down the stairs.
,,Alright," mumbled the dark-haired boy and after that managed to finish his tea in one sip. The rest of their breakfast was quiet.
They somehow put the tent together after Sherlock read the tutorial and started to actually help his colleagues. They ended up as the last team to put it together and the two boys of course blamed Sherlock for that. He tried not to mind their angry glares, brought his borrowed sleeping bag and put it into the tent, really close to the tent's left wall. He didn't want to sleep there, not ever. And it was supposed to be three days. God no.
Their first task was to build a tent with their assigned group. Sherlock watched the two idiots from afar, not really willing to get involved. John and his team were done in mere minutes, because the blonde boy was a scout as a child. The two boys were now looking at him with almost amazement. Looks like getting along won't be a problem with him. As always. Because he's likeable.
When it was the time, all of the students started to literally run out of the school. John himself got dragged with his team players, althought he shot a very worried look to Sherlock. His friend just smiled and waved at him, which looked like it made him calmer.
John wouldn't stop shouting how much of an arsehole Robert was, his friend was looking at the ground with a sad and terrified expression and Tony was struggling to calm John down. The noise woke up a lot of people and mainly the teachers, who were now angrily walking towards them.
Sherlock danced on the stage where the competition was going to take place in only three days. He was so nervous and most of the time he was silently reproaching John the decision to sign him up. Though, John also won the rugby thing, so even he could...no, his boyfriend was way better at the game than he was at dancing.
“Sherlock, what’s this about?” John asks, and Sherlock starts as though he’s forgotten that John is even there. “Is this about the case?”
When the blunt head of his cock breaches me I sink my teeth into my bottom lip to keep from screaming. I am invaded, I am
“Mmm-hmm.” She pauses. “I stopped after the part where he talks about having killed her. He said “Mary’s dead. She’s dead and I killed her. I wish I hadn’t, but I did, and I’m so sorry.” I thought…I thought she died on a case. I was going to ask about it but then today we were fighting and it just came out. You know?”
“That’s the spirit!” Grace says and claps him on the shoulder. “He’s totally gone on you, you know. Never shuts up about you. And we’ll make sure we all have rides home, just in case.”
She nods once and then she’s up, racing back towards Baker Street with her hair and her coat flying behind. John follows at a more leisurely pace. He stops to get himself a coffee on the way.
With the other hand, he rubs around my entrance, cool-slick with lube, presses inside and makes me cry out. One finger, at first, and my entire being narrows down to that one digit, moving inside me, setting me on fire. One becomes two becomes three, and by the time he pulls them out and leaves me gaping and unfilled I am sweating and crying, blood seeping from my skin and veiling my vision with red, leaving smears and streaks on the bedding. I am a creature of scarlet and marble now, nothing left of me but aching, unfilled desire.
The following weekend it’s Anne, and then Grace, and Sally (not Sally Donovan, thank God, John thinks his brain may actually implode at the thought of Sally Donovan marching out of Sherlock’s bedroom) and then Grace again. And all of them are perfectly polite and incredibly gorgeous, and John puts that together with ‘not really my area’ and comes up with ‘???possibly a gigolo???’.
comes, with a cry that sounds almost painful, I can feel him flood me with his hot essence, fiery inside my room-temperature body, and I stiffen and arc against him and scream as his pleasure takes me by storm.
It’s different now, now that there is John. Now, I can hardly wait to finish the case so that I can feed. I can wait, though. I make myself wait.
“I have to go - I have to go apologize-” She’s trying to stand but John finds that his hand has fixed itself around her wrist, so tightly that it probably hurts.
, until I can feel him in the core of me, and I beg and beg and beg until he presses my knees back and fucks into me
“If you’re not sure you can get home, you text Sherlock. He takes you to his place, you sleep it off, nobody gets lost or murdered. Sometimes Mrs Hudson lets you in if you can get there yourself. It’s a good system, you know? It works.”
Sherlock’s head jerks up and he’s out of the chair and into his coat, John on his heels, a moment later. Sherlock snaps at the cabby to take them to the address from the text and fumbles in his pockets for something that’s clearly not there.
She reaches around Sherlock to greet John (because for some reason all of Sherlock’s lady friends immediately know who John is, is Sherlock talking about him in bed? Everything about this situation is wrong, wrong and confusing and strange and wrong) and introduces herself as Violet. She gives an address to the cabby and kisses Sherlock on the cheek with a whispered ‘thank you’ before getting out.
but…okay, he might be a bit jealous. He finds the fact that he’s not sure whether he’s more jealous of Sherlock or Claire more than a little distressing. He may be bi, but Sherlock is clearly a fan of the ladies, and having those kinds of thoughts about straight guys is a road to pain and humiliation and sad lonely wanking.
“I told him he’s not my real father,” she says quietly - and it’s the most ridiculous thing John’s ever heard, because she says those words, those hateful words, in the posh accent she learned at Sherlock’s knee. “And I said that I know he killed my mother.”
The room seems to be terribly wide, suddenly, and Sherlock very far. He’s still watching John’s approach with narrowed eyes, but he drops his arms as John comes closer.
, and he loves that he has me like this. I raise both hands to him, a supplicant, and breathe his name, and he comes to me, fitting his warm naked body against mine, and every point of contact is a blazing fire within me, my sensitive skin reacting to his.
John sits there for a moment, trying to put ‘goes around rescuing women from creepers’ together with ‘high-functioning sociopath’ and coming up with ‘Sherlock is a goddamn liar’. Also apparently gay as a rainbow, which means that John probably still has a chance of maybe, someday, getting to kiss that long neck and maybe, if he’s very, very lucky, bite that plush arse.
He sits down beside her and doesn’t say anything for a moment. She looks like Mary, in the set of her eyes and her mouth, but mostly, and he’s not sure how that happened, she looks like Sherlock. It’s in the way she carries her head, in the grace of her violinist’s hands. It’s in the way that her eyes - which she got from John, the ordinary made remarkable by her fine-featured face - seem to see deeper and more clearly than those of ordinary people. Only fifteen, and a beauty, and a genius, with a mind like a steel trap and a smile like a summer dawn - Rosie Watson is going to break
Apparently, in his first year of uni, Sherlock had been looking for a quiet place to have a smoke, and come upon one of those situations that everyone knows happens, and nobody ever talks about. Three rugby players whose parents had never taught them what ‘no’ means and a girl who’d had rather too much to drink, everyone knows the story. Sherlock, sixteen years old and small for his age, had apparently waded in with a combination of whirling fists and cutting deductions, with the result that the rugby players had been too busy trying to pin down the skinny little bastard in order to give him a lesson in manners to notice the girl slipping away. They’d noticed her come back, alright, since she came back with the rest of the rugby team and every girl at the party, and while Sherlock had been a bit bruised around the edges, he was much less battered than the three would-be-rapists.
Sherlock takes two steps towards him and touches his arm. He gives him a gentle press and kisses his temple.
A curl sticks to Sherlock’s wet forehead. His eyes are closed. His chest is heaving with his heavy breathing and his pink, plush lips are slightly parted. His hands are still entangled in the linen, he must have grabbed and clenched it during orgasm. His cock is lying on his belly, getting softer, with a base of dark hair. His body is a long, gentle curve, slender, but not skinny. Their semen is smeared over his stomach, glittering wetly.
He was just about to ask Sherlock exactly this, when he saw he had fallen asleep with exhaustion.
slept on the train. They had lunch in Glasgow. Afterwards, Sherlock got their hire car and drove out of the city and through what seemed to be all of
The cut is deeper than it first looked like, bleeding quite a bit, but John says that a bandage should do, no stitches required. John takes off his shirt (blood stained already), Sherlock cleans the wound, disinfects it and puts on the bandage the way John instructs him to do.
good idea. He doesn’t know how Sherlock would react. If he really is the right person to ask this from. But for once in his life, he puts his worries aside
John opens his trousers, pushes them down and steps out. Sherlock can’t help but stare at John in his pants, so hard and wanting him. They move closer to
stomach. Certainly you know better than me what you’re feeling.” He sighs. And smirks. “Maybe a tiny bit. Well. You were so angry and unhappy. Had to do something about that.“
Sherlock melt down. Sherlock starts thrusting against him. He is panting hard, biting his lower lip and moaning John’s name between his ragged breaths. He
Hello my amazing readers, my real life is being demanding at the moment, and I have to step back from the two weekly posting schedule.
minutes. When he wakes up, feeling slightly sweaty and the sand much less comfortable, but hard and pressing into his bad shoulder, he stretches. He
When Mycroft has left, Sherlock sits in his chair. The flat feels empty and silent. How did he get used to being around both John and Matilda so quickly?
There will be a situation in the last third of this chapter where John and Sherlock will encounter homophobia (mainly slurs). All will go well, but if you prefer to skip that part, stop reading at the asterisk (*) and jump back in at the two asterisks (**). There'll be a summary of the scene at the end of the chapter.
stay with them so much. Or look after her while John goes out for a while, even if it is just a quick walk over to the supermarket.
Huge thanks to @ennisnovember for her never-ending patience and discussing the course of events of this chapter with me. I owe you, ennis. <3
thing and they’re so damn expensive. But that day he knew he would fall apart again in a few minutes and he couldn't do that on the tube.
theatre-critic, dead on his sofa. The same goes for the other two cat-owners. And, as it turns out, for two more residents of the Barbican that did not
traffic jam or other delays. After one more endless hour, they arrive at Sherlock’s parents. Sherlock is trying to find a place to park the car, but there
He finds himself breathing heavily on Sherlock’s chest a few moments later. John can’t recall feeling this right in years.
He thinks about taking his RAMC mug. He holds it in his hand, stares at it for a minute and then mutters, “Fuck it.”
At the hospital, John’s head is being x-rayed and his wound needs stitches. His head was hit by a large metal radiator stored on one of the shelves,
When the room is lit by the rising morning sun after a long while, Matilda yawns, stretches out her small arms and starts blabbering to herself. John and
an alcoholic by then and your mother had lost all her self-confidence. You wanted to escape that life, too, feeling rather confined in that small town and
John goes on caressing his face for a little while, allowing everything that has happened to sink in. Sherlock eventually dozes off in his arms. John
“Better. Sleeping in the car was good. The food was good. You must be proud of me, eating and sleeping properly, John.“
first time in weeks, he realized Sherlock’s tea cup was still standing in the corner next to the sink. The cup he had drunk tea from when he was home for
He turns around, sighing. Sherlock is standing at the other end of the ward, a baby car seat next to him. His tall, dark figure and his coat, his familiar
gorgeous lips without getting even harder than he already is. Sherlock’s cock is flushed against his slim stomach, a nuance darker than the rest of his
Sherlock’s body feel even more intense and his orgasm comes crashing in, overwhelming him. He thrusts hard a few more times, distantly hearing Sherlock
“Yes, quite a number. Mostly cases involving families or couples… even though some of them were pretty fascinating. Bloody homicides and everything.”
John gets rid of his own underwear and when their naked bodies realign, Sherlock feels like something great and immensely joyous happening to him, something he never quite believed in until now. With that joy, a wave of want and hunger for John rolls over him, as if he just realized John was both the reason and the trigger for this joy.
touches his shoulder blades, the strong muscles on his back. This is Sherlock. And he is fucking amazed by it. Sherlock has taken John’s face in his hands,
“Oh, he was far too clever for his age. And far too vulnerable. Marge was always so worried about him, being so observant and so sensitive. And he loved Mycroft. Admired him, really.”
John's heartbreak is acute. If you aren't comfortable with this, please consider postponing reading this chapter until things are resolved. (Please check the chapter notes of the next few chapters.)
John licks his lips and opens his jeans, pulls them down and takes a step towards the bed. Sherlock watches him openly and amazed. John is quite muscular, he had guessed so, but what indeed surprises Sherlock is how beautiful John is. He is... perfect. Strong. Sherlock is stunned by the soft golden hair on John’s chest, by the shape and colour of his nipples (erect, as he notices), by the faint, silvery tissue of his scar, the pale rosy shade of his skin (are there goose-bumps?), his navel and the fine line of hair trailing down from there. Sherlock gazes at John’s pants. He is hard, too, well, of course, probably.
John briefly wonders since when Sherlock cared about dinner, but he waves Mrs Hudson good-bye and follows him nonetheless. Matilda sits on John’s lap when
to their everyday life. He had missed it, the quietness in the suburbs had been deafening. As had been the silence between Mary and him. He looked at the
When Sherlock was five, Mycroft was twelve. Mycroft started going to boarding school that year. And Sherlock was alone. Deeply alone for the first time in
in the morning. “Come. She won’t last much longer.” And so the little girl died. John and Mary both cried, and they did so in each other’s arms. Maybe
He saw Sherlock a lot less those days, even though Sherlock tried to be in the hospital whenever possible. John presumed he or Mycroft had sped up the
him, the need to have him is getting stronger and stronger. He doesn't try to understand how sadness, guilt and comfort can be so close to arousal and want.
He touches John’s cheek and John closes his eyes, exhaling a shivering breath. Sherlock moves closer to him and John feels his warm, soft lips touch his
Sherlock’s eyes remain shut all throughout the shave. When John has finished the last bit, all the ginger stubble is gone. Small patches of foam are left on his face.
So John wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s cock again, stroking it, and Sherlock sighs. And relaxes. A little later, his hand slides down to Sherlock’s
That fantasy stayed with him, making him feel guilty and ashamed. He missed Sherlock more than ever. Maybe it was less desperate and less threatening to
