“With Moriarty’s death not under suspicion of murder, the likelihood of anyone coming up here in that time is almost non-existent.  Whatever the sniper left behind should still be around.
“John?”
But this kiss, this one, is rough and urgent, as if he cannot get enough of me.  As if, if he could, he would swallow me whole.  His hands, at my back and head, press me firmly to him; I hold tightly to him lest he let go and I tumble off the bed.  His mouth covers mine, his tongue probing and demanding. His hand grabs my hair, and not so firmly that it hurts, he pulls my head back, opening my neck up to him.  His lips trail down it, pecking.  Pecking that turns into small nips, until he finally stops at the base and sucks. My mind is jelly.  My toes no longer exist.  His lips trail back up to mine, where he lingers, sucking them into his mouth, slow and deep.  I am gone…
Pretending to acquiesce, I head back to bed, knowing that if I do not John has no hope of sleeping, he will be too busy worrying about me.   I lie on my side for what may be hours, keeping watch until he finally nods off.  And moving the empty chair until it brushes alongside John’s, I wrap myself in a comforter and lay my hand on the arm that rests between us. What an idiot he is if he thinks I am able to sleep without him next to me.
Seeing me hesitate, “Think about it okay?  And while you think about it, just let me love you, whether you think you deserve it or not.  Getting to love you makes me so, so happy.  God help me, I’ve had to hold it in for far too long.”
Something rubs my chest.  A hand.  It is warm and smooth and the way it moves against my skin awakes me fully.  As if the shouting would not do that.
But truthfully, his absence made it easier to accomplish even the smallest tasks. He’d never quite figured out that she was a partner, not a de facto employee to be ordered around, his way always the superior one.
Her hands stilled on the apron, lips parting in surprise until she found her voice. “Sherlock! Oh my lord! Come here, boy,” she said, dropping her apron and waving him to her. “Let me see you! It has been too long, it has been that. And who tis this ‘Dame’? Never have I known you to be so formal, no need to start today. Now, come here.” A smile spread across her face as she opened her arms to be filled by the “boy”.
Was that a snore or a snort?  Bugger!  There is only one letter difference between the two, and yet it means the difference between him being asleep and me being caught red-handed.
“You say you want to teach me how to use the sword.  I want lessons.  Now.”
“Of course, I’m going with John. How soon can we move him?”
Sherlock shook himself from his trance, angry that he let himself get lost in dream that may never be.
Sir John's mouth dropped open. "How did you-"
“You ‘uhm’, what, Sherlock?”
His elbows on the table, his forefingers rested on his lips.  When had he and John decided that they would not show affection in public?  He couldn’t recall one single conversation they had had on the subject, it had just…happened.  And what reason was there for it?  One
“Do not pout,” John said, pulling at Sherlock’s arm.
coming with me, aren’t you?”  John asks distractedly.
John looked down at the sorry sight before him, the mangled squirrel that looked as if it had been skinned by 2 year old. Sighing, John dropped his knife to the side.
Almost impossibly, Mycroft’s pale skin grew paler.
John tenderly smiles in return and brings my hand to his lips, kissing it.  “Me, too.”  Setting our hands down on his thigh, his thumb rubs my palm, a gesture that never fails to makes my knees weak.   I rest my head on his shoulder and angle my face up to kiss his jaw.
His sentiment must have been clearly evident on his face, for when he freed Sherlock’s hands, rubbing them to invigorate their circulation, and after a brief, intimate brush of fingers, they cupped John’s face.  “There will be more of this; there are better places and better ways to go about it,” he was reassured in a voice tinged with desire.
I take a deep breath and clear my throat.  Now what was I doing?  Oh, yes.
“No.” The heavy air swallowed Sherlock’s grief; the deep snow muffled his despair. He couldn’t look at Stamford, couldn’t bear to see the pity that was sure to be in his eyes. “It can’t be true. He was with me that night. He shot the cabbie.”
be not paid to ‘think’, you be paid to take the toll and take the toll you shall. Anyway, I have grave doubt you be capable of such a strenuous task.  Now out of our way!”
“He’s here,” Sherlock interrupts me, his entire being suddenly alert to a presence of which I am wholly unaware.
One more time she reads the note she found in the chair sitting by the bed.  It is in Pere’s hand.  No longer the elegant script she once knew, it was written by someone who was longer steady.
Not after all this time.
one away, but fortunately he took no notice, too distracted catching up with the mayhem that ensued in London the few days he was out of commission.  (Sherlock has always asserted the crime rate goes up when he is off the job.  No false sense of humility for
Once again you see but you do not observe.”  Sherlock stepped next to John and pointed at the motionless form, directing the doctor’s eyes to the middle of the body.  “Does that look like a woman who is about to give birth within the month?”
Sherlock didn’t know how long he stood there, outside his own home.
“John!
Aldus dashed back in to grab some of the leftover cloth and then headed outside, a mumbling Cedric lagging after him.
“Tis a fine swordsman, Sir John.”  Aldus joined the conversation.  “Natural instincts, he has, and a speed of which I have rarely seen the likes.  You would have difficulty finding a more suitable replacement for Eduard.”
“James’s journal.”
Reeling, John’s hand flopped down beside him on the bed. If he’d had the energy, he’d punch the mattress.
It didn’t occur to him some might find it odd he was more concerned about his friend than his wife.  Whilst Mary was no doubt understandably upset, despite being pregnant she was strong and healthy; until they were together again she would weather this storm with the same composure she had always maintained.  He knew he would be able to see her the next day and he thought about what he would tell her.  Thought about how he would explain to her that he had killed the man who had once been, and without a doubt, would have one day again been her blackmailer had he lived.  He knew he would have to give the best performance of his life.
To ease the tension, Colin entertained Aldus with a story about a man who one night went out for an ale and, somehow, in his drunken state, traded his wife for an ass.  Not sober enough to know he had spent the whole night with the animal in his bed until he woke up the next morning.
“Just as I was about to inflict the mortal wound, Laila rushed into the hall.  ‘William!  What be you doing?!’  I told her the servant had defiled her name, that I be defending her honour.  And before she could stop me I struck my dagger to his chest and he dropped to the ground.  Laila ran over and fell to her knees beside him, pressing her hands to the wound to stop the bleeding.  Twas all the proof I needed that she loved him and had been unfaithful to me. ‘Whores be not welcome in my home!’ I shouted at her.  I pulled her up from the floor by her hair.  As I dragged her to the door, she pleaded with me, but what she said I did not know, so engulfed with fury was I.  I never saw her again.”
“I want thee to kiss me.”
Soon I stand on the pavement outside the hotel, breathing in the London air, waiting for it to clear my head.  Waiting for it to make me right.  I watch the busy traffic, look up at the concrete and steel buildings framed by a cloudy sky.  It all feels and smells so familiar, so why does it not comfort me?  Why does the city,
“That does make sense.  But still, tis very strange for him to be so, well, so enthusiastic about us.”  John shook his head, bewildered by Colin’s disposition regarding him and Sherlock.
“If we are not to keep secrets, I believe there is something I should tell you.”
Sitting up a little straighter and careful not to overly disturb John in the process, Sherlock started over. He would have to just plow through despite John’s intoxicating presence; John wasn’t going anywhere.
Behind him, John went into action, tugging Sherlock’s collar from his neck. “Did they try to strangle you? You should have told me, dammit. Is that why you blacked out?”
…there it is, John.  Yes, you have something in the way.  Namely,
Sherlock stared down the street.
Watching, waiting, for more words to clear the mystery, John took the opportunity to look, really look at Sherlock’s face.  The smooth, pale skin, the dark lashes that stood out against it. The cheekbones that belonged to only the finest of Britons.  The pronounced lips that, god forbid, seemed to have ‘kiss me’ written across them.
“You look kind of cute when you get all… all asky,” John said.
He folded John into his arms, pulling him close. Breathing in his intoxicating scent. Feeling the softness of his hair against his face. Cherishing being wrapped in John’s arms with such a firm hold that Sherlock thought John might never let him go.
“No, John, I do not mean I
I still don’t get an answer.
Through the open door he saw Sherlock’s back to him, his hand on his bow, lifting his chin from where it had rested on his treasured instrument.
When he rounded the screen, he saw a man who appeared to have been hit by a lorry, but the rest John had gotten in the last few hours had much improved his skin color, and his eyes looked brighter. He looked more like the John that Sherlock missed.
He vowed to always be there for John and his child, to keep them safe for as long as he was alive.
, Sherlock. Taller, you are, but, lord, how have I not noticed the likeness?” John appraised Sherlock’s face. “You have the same dark, curly hair and high cheekbones, and you be just as thin. The man, this Gareth, twas asking about you. Aldus called him ‘Sherlock’. Do you not remember?”
Sherlock went into the loo and shut the door.  Turning on the light and water, he placed his hands on the sink and stared at himself in the mirror, repulsed by the man who looked back at him.  At the man who all his life had prided himself on his ability to push caring and emotion aside for the sake of The Work.
“Idiot.”
Sherlock lifted his fingers, lightly pressing them to his lips.
“What I meant to say is that I’m
Unsure if he should ask his next question, Sir John's curiosity compelled him.
No matter what Sir John had said, he must have given him cause to think; barely had Sir John and Sherlock looked at each other all day. As far as Cedric knew, they had talked not at all save for a few terse exchanges.  Yes, Sherlock still be with them, but he kept his distance from Sir John.
Sherlock glanced around to see if anyone else be about.  No one.  “What do you want?” He glowered at the girl.
“I have been well aware for some time that your wife did not fully disclose her past to you and I felt compelled, for reasons I do not care to divulge, to move things along.  Before you became incarcerated I instructed Anthea to mail the letters and, frankly, during the commotion of the murder and the events that transpired afterwards, they escaped my memory until it they were already in the post.”
I hesitate.  Do I keep John alive by letting him breathe, or do I make him happy by moving to where he tells me, taking the risk of suffocating him?  I choose to let him live, stubbornly remaining where I lie.
“Surely Mycroft told you what happened?” Sherlock asked, avoiding a direct answer.  He was aware Mary was, as she had said, not as easily fooled by his lies as was John.  While he would not veer from his vow to do what he could to keep the couple safe, he had absolutely no doubt his friend’s wife would not have been successful in her line of work without a very particular skillset.  And if her aptitude for discerning lies was as good as her shot, she was very skillful indeed.
Captivated, Sherlock followed Stamford to the cab—his bare feet stepping through piled snow, his dressing gown buffeted by a frigid gale—and yet he had no sense of being cold.
“I love you, too.  Dear fucking God, how I love you.”
,” I answered.
me. When he butters his toast.  When he sticks his toe through the hole in his sock and wiggles it...  My apologies for going on; I am sure you understand.)
“No, my headache is…”
We both look at Katie.  With an expression on her face that says ‘
“Hey, love, if you’d let me loose, I’d love to help you out; I don’t want to be the only one having fun here,” he said hopefully.
“Dad, meet Pére.” Katie says as I get close, gesturing toward Sherlock with a grand sweep of her hand.
Unfolding the note, he took a deep breath and smoothed the parchment flat on the table.
If she did tell him the truth of her visitors, where did she start? With William, her first husband, who Colin did not know existed?  Or with the brother he had never met?  He would have so many questions, rightfully so.  Not all she would want to answer, not all to which she would want to admit.  But she knew in her heart twas time.  Time to tell Colin the truth about her past, and his.
What?
Greg, momentarily distracted by the exorbitant prices on the menu, looked back up at his dining partners.  Listening to their conversation, he kept pace for the most part, slipping behind only when they discussed the more technical aspects of the national communication infrastructure.
“How can thou be so unruffled?  And if thou knows everything, then tell me.  Why did he run like that?  Tell me.”  John knew he be unreasonable, unleashing his fury on Sherlock, that Sherlock be not to blame for Cedric’s flight.  But,
“These are not isolated incidences, Mr. Holmes; I chose them at random and there are many, many more.  In fact, much of this pile of paperwork you see details caring deeds you performed on behalf of others.  And while you would like to disagree that you did them for their benefit, the fact remains it was the end result.”
“Where the hell did you get
“John?”
“But, Sir John-”
“No,” John said.
The ribbon unravels with ease, and it takes me but a moment to tear the paper free.  Opening the box I lift out what appears to be a Christmas ornament.  At the end of a hook is a small, framed picture, the bottom at which is engraved the words ‘Our First Christmas’.  And the picture?  It is a coloured drawing of me and John in the flat at Baker St. decorating a Christmas tree, looking very much as we did the first year we met.
“Well, I do not know.  Tis quite the ransom thou requires…”
‘Enough, Sherlock.  Just…enough.’
?!  He has poisoned you beyond what I already thought.  Sir John, I implore you, do not keep council with him.  He is but a
“Perhaps just mine, but anyway…” All of a sudden fidgety, Sherlock jumped from his seat. “It would probably be better for you to see them for yourself. I’ll just go—”
“Yes, Sherlock, yes, I do. I think whatever we have to go through for the short term will be well worth it in the long run.”  He says this almost as if a question, waiting for me to rebut.  I do not.  This is what John Watson wants to do and it is what we will do; the matter is settled. I will bite my tongue when I want to scream, and he will mope around the cottage the next few days.  Delightful.
“It’s a dangerous thing, Sherlock, for someone without extensive education and training to make a diagnosis, and even if Dr. Watson is depressed, it’s dangerous for you, as a layperson, to attempt to treat it. You could do him more harm than good.”
More certain than of anything than he had been in a long time, the doctor said quietly, “Yes, Sherlock, I’m sure.”
on my agenda.  John was not swayed.
Overwhelmed at what it recognises… John’s erect penis abutting mine, my body insists I stop breathing.  My mind disagrees.
“No time, John,” Sherlock said, grabbing a grumbling John by his shoulders and all but pushing him out of his chair and toward the door. “Here’s my card and your jacket. I’ll text you the address and Tube route for a little bodega that’ll have everything I need. Now, off you pop.”
“Yes, John. So, let’s go inside, shall we? And make a plan? If there’s one thing I know about you, Sherlock, you don’t run in willy nilly. You think through things carefully.”
for, Dr. Watson, you were blinded in the face of the obvious.  Mrs. Watson needed to be exposed for who and what she truly is.  Her very existence is a threat to the man you are in love with.”
“To make you happy.”
“Come.”  John grabbed his cloak and headed for the door.
Standing up, he paced back and forth beside the bed, his eyes still locked on the five items lying there.  No one rid themselves of everything connected to them.  Not even a woman shedding her old life and starting a new one.  The memory stick was evidence of that.
When he had fled the house that night after his mother told him about Sherlock, Colin had run into the dark, through the three large fields to the Talbot manor.  Not surprisingly, his appearance at such a late hour at first be disregarded.  But he had persisted, pounding his fist on the door until a servant opened it, telling him that Sherlock had been gone some four or five days.  Telling Colin in a conspiratorial undertone, “Aye, me thinks we have seen the last of that one.  Trouble maker he be.  Got on the wrong side of his master, he did, and we ain’t seen him since.  May be dead, may just be gone.”  The servant had shrugged his shoulders as if to say it mattered not to him either way.  “All I know is he ain’t here, and good riddance.  Sorry mate.” And then the servant had closed the door, narrowly missing Colin’s nose.
“Your slacks and underwear?”
“We’re as well as can be, Mycroft. Thank you for asking. Off to America in three days’ time. Moving, in fact.” Nika shook his outstretched hand, noting how, not unreasonably, he had changed in the intervening years. A little less hair, a little more tummy, a little less upright. And most surprisingly, a little less haughty, as though life had taught him that he didn’t have quite as much control over it as he had thought.
He went to his laptop on the desk, unbuttoning his jacket to allow ample room to move.  John had said he was living in Army housing, shouldn’t be too hard to find.
The image of John standing in the doorway came back to him.  He envisioned every minutiae of the man he loved.  The warm eyes that looked right through him.  The relaxed, yet confident stance.  The hands that rested beside his thighs, still and strong.  The clean-shaven skin he knew would give him life was he to softly touch it, to press his own cheek against it.
Even in sleep, Sherlock’s face was more expressive, more beautiful than any he had ever seen.  He still found it difficult to absorb the reality that Sherlock was here with him.  Not ever having considered himself an overly sentimental man, he was surprised as his throat constricted with emotion at the thought that the man lying beside him was now not only his best friend, but his lover, his partner in every sense of the word.  And that he had the profound privilege to be in his presence every day.  Every night.  Was allowed to love him, allowed to inhale the sight of him at his leisure.  Allowed to just
“I know what you mean, Sir John, and yes, twas a
“I’m afraid I cannot do that.  His express wish is to be left alone; he secured my promise to do so.  I fear that to break my word will have dire consequences.”
“The inn at which you choose to stay is unsuitable. You must reconsider.”
"John, I know you are not the most luminous of people, but even you should know what I'm doing," Sherlock huskily reprimanded.
‘Enough, Sherlock.  Just…enough.’
“John is a doctor and former army Captain.  He’s married with a baby on the way, 168 cm, sandy-blond hair that is going gray…far too quickly, I might add, not quite sure marriage is doing him any good in
Sherlock gives his heart to few… me, Katie, John John, but when he does it’s one of the most glorious things I’ve ever seen.
“Not tired. Tis not yet night.”
“So that be what you think.  I killed Eduard.”
“Sir. Sir. Are you okay?”
How dare he talk to me like that!
This kiss is different from any other we have enjoyed.  Always before, John has been gentle, almost cautious, as if he was afraid to scare me away or hurt me.  Softly shushing and cooing, breaking away every so often to see if I were all right. (Of course, I am alright!  I have a doctor here do I not?)
“Laila?  The old blind woman?  She be your mother?”  John asked with incredulity, rocking forward and resting his elbows on this knees.   “How does Sherlock not know?  He has long been acquainted with her.”
It had taken time to get over the sting of marrying a woman who had so badly played him for a fool.  And though she had not done it for altruistic reasons, he couldn’t help but be grateful to Mary for confessing to the murder of Magnussen (under threat by Mycroft of being turned into the Russian mob, of course).  He still smiled when he recalled how surprisingly effective Sherlock’s parents had been in the lies they told the authorities as to her whereabouts that day.
Watching the drama taking place in 221b, he yawned.
But no, to keep peace with John, to maintain a friendship with the best and wisest man he had ever known, he had willingly put blinders on and looked at Mary through John’s eyes.  Eyes that saw her as kind and charming and above reproach.  Sherlock pressed his fingers to his temples, closed his eyes, and drew in a deep breath.
“Idi…,” I start to tell the top of his head.  No.  This is not the time to let him doubt my intent.  “I love you, John.”
“All right.  Tell me.”
Moments pass as I continue to sit in the chair, arguing with myself, trying to convince myself John is not awake enough to know what he is saying.  He sighs and rolls over, away from me.  He pushes back into his pillow, situating himself to go back to sleep.  “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s mind raced, grasping at small bits of information at the edges of his memories, trying to piece them together. Twas not an experience familiar to him, to be intrigued by any one person. But in a flash not unlike a bolt of lightning on a hot summer night, it came to him. Twas John’s
Sherlock pushed himself to his full height onto legs that felt as if they wouldn’t hold him up for long. “Which you’ll promptly lose in your stubbornness not to pursue another fare.” He turned his head slowly. “Molly, will you kindly pay the gentleman? I seem to have misplaced my wallet.”
Pulling out John’s file, Sherlock deftly slipped it inside his coat and sat in the chair he’d been in when Ella had left the room.
“Who be this William who authorised my release?”  Sherlock asked, pushing mutton around his plate.  “Be he someone with whom you talked?”
“And the last reason I don’t think about having sex with you is because,” I pause and turn back to look at him.  I am safe to look into his eyes, for his thumb never resumed its lazy path around my palm.  “Because you seem disinterested.”
and hugs me tighter, I know he is moved.  He shifts his head so he can see the telly, lifting my t-shirt hem to rub his nose.
The truth be, John did not trust himself to be alone for too long with Sherlock.   Yes, they had managed slivers of time away from prying eyes.  Fleeting moments when they engaged in heated kisses, their hands feverishly exploring one another.  Never below the waist.  Too-brief snatches of time when they had leaned into each other and he had felt Sherlock’s hardness outlined against his body, stirring his loins.  But always they were interrupted by a squire calling out for John to solve some trifling problem, or Aldus searching for Eely, ready to begin a lesson.  And they would pull apart, the air heavy with words unsaid.  Passion unfulfilled.
Katie sits down beside me on the veranda; I have been relegated to bystander in the final wedding preparations.  Alone, Sherlock is putting the finishing touches on the garden for the ceremony, having said I ‘haven’t the sense to know a rose from a noxious weed’.  Cheeky bastard.
Why did he squirm?  Maybe he did not like it after all.  Maybe my tongue on him repulsed him and there was nothing more he wanted to do than jump out of bed and get as far away as possible. Quickly.  If that is the case, then why did he let me do it?  And if he did not like it, then why did he not grumble as he always does when he I ask him to do something that is obviously distasteful to him?
“Please do not go.  I want to know everything about you, including this.  It will be my…privilege.”
“Yes?”
My thumbs fly over the mobile as I lie to him; I do not want him to worry about me.  I want him to do what he needs to do and get back home to me as soon as possible.  Where he belongs.
John looked at the towel on the edge of the sink.  And looked over at the shower just a few steps away.  Really?  He couldn’t have gotten that himself?  He shook his head; there were certainly a number of things he hadn’t been able to learn about Sherlock over an internet connection.
“Mr. Holmes, I no longer have any connection to the MOD or the PTSD research.” She watched out the window as she spoke; it made it easier to think without Mr. Holmes’s hawkish face looking at her, as always, as if she were somehow wanting. “It was born from an exciting discovery, but I have long moved on, and the program itself has morphed into a travesty of what it should have been. People are dying because of it, and while I’m grateful for what you did for me, I have paid my debt. I want no part—”
“I didn’t get ahold of you because I was trying to sort myself out.  It took a long time for my body to heal and it took even longer for my head to heal.  The inside of my head.  Hell, it’s still not totally right.”  John grew silent for a moment while he continued to stare at the ceiling.
His gaze turned toward her in slow motion. Up close, she could see he wasn’t high; the irritation around his eyes spread far beyond what one saw in a junkie. He’d been sprayed with something. Setting aside her government agent persona, she spoke to him as Andi, his friend. The Andi that Sherlock knew cared about him and wished the best for him. The Andi who could be trusted.
“No.  Did you not hear what I said?”
“My flat? I don’t have a flat.”
Colin sprang up to fetch a cloth, bringing it back to dry her wet face. “I am so sorry.  You did not deserve to be treated in such a way.”
Sherlock felt lightheaded.
The call came while Nika sat waist-deep in packing materials and, digging in the pocket of her baggy loungers, she grabbed her mobile. With the screen stubbornly refusing to display the caller’s number, she hesitated to answer, but it might be Oleg; her husband’s mobile had chosen that morning to go on the fritz, and he would have needed to borrow one.
“I see no need to make a distinction. I am here to speak to a matter that is concerning me at
“Bit of a prick you be.  No, make that a
Sherlock hesitated.
“Okay, maybe I’m an idiot, but not even idiots forget they broke out of prison.
“I love you, too,” John’s eyes softened, grateful for this woman who turned his life around.
“And you have no—qualms about our, err, friendship?”
“You at least know where we’re going, don’t you?” John bit out.
, but the same hands that had steadied Sherlock removed the noose and untied his hands. He scanned the faces around him, feverishly searching for John’s.
“Burgundy.”
He beams.  “I love you, too.”
John questioned if he had done the right thing, passing Laila on to Sherlock as he had, but he needed to get Sherlock to talk to her somehow. What John had told Laila be for the most part true, that Sherlock be overwhelmed by what she had done for him, but there must be something John did not know.  Why else would Sherlock not talk to a parent for whom he had been searching his whole life?
“Uh, Sherlock, I can’t do that.”
become so poetic?!  The things this man does to me!)  My hand moves to cup John’s nape, and his head falls back as I pucker small kisses along his jawline, down his neck, down to the warm, soft skin just inside his collar; each one telling him how much I have missed him.  The warm puffs of air that reach my ear tell me he has missed me, too.  Retracing my path with the tip of my tongue, I take my time, my mouth savoring him, memorizing every infinitesimal patch of skin I touch.  When I reach his ear, I pause, whispering, “I love you, John; do not ever doubt that.”
have the same biology as everyone else,” Sherlock asserts.
Falling into troubled sleep, John dreamed of Sherlock.  Of a sumptuous bed adorned with silk sheets and mounds of pillows on which they languished.   Of a sea of milky white skin that went on.  And on.  And on.  Skin that be his to lavish with his tongue, his hands.  A bed where they exhausted themselves, coupling for days on end, leaving their sanctuary only long enough to tend to their most basic needs.  Servants brought them food and he fed Sherlock by hand.  And when they were fed and rested, they would love each other again with no need to stifle their cries of pleasure, for twas their home,
“It’s yours to do with it what you will.  You can tell me, or not, what’s on it; that’s for you to decide.  Just, just do what you think is right.”  John looked at Sherlock, at the man who, without realizing it, he had chosen to trust over the woman he had pledged his life to.
I have made my decision.
Colin lifted his gaze to the ceiling, thinking through the rest of it.  “Yes, I would say tis arsenic poisoning, but what I do not understand is how it would have happened. To be poisoned, one must eat tainted food.  Neither of you be ill, nor I, of course, but then I ate little of the food you have.  Only time will tell if Aldus has taken enough poison to kill him.  When the physician comes, he will bring with him a compound that could draw the poison out.”
A Lord’s son!  Quite the imagination this Sherlock has, Sir John thought, listening as the others broke into guffaws and sniggers.
“John.”  The name carried from his lips, reaching his ears as though from far away.  Surely it had to have come from another, for he was far too disoriented to have the ability to convert any thought to sound.
Wanting me.
“Sher-!”  A hand clamped over his mouth.
“His name is John Watson and he’s a Captain in the Army, stationed in Afghanistan.”  Rushing his words he told Mycroft how he and John had been corresponding and that it had been weeks since he had heard from him.  He was concerned that something had happened to him and he couldn’t find any information on the internet.  Might Mycroft use his connections to find out where John was?
Sir John waited for more, an explanation, a colourful story, but nothing followed. For a man who suffered a near drowning because he "talked too much", he could be stubbornly reticent.
John flinched at the jolt of sensation, arching his back and grabbing clumps of bedsheet as he struggled to maintain a modicum of control.
“I do?” John tried to remember; it didn’t ring any bells.
“So what would you like to do today?  We don’t have to catch the train until 4.”
I cannot help it.  I peak back to look at the door.  The door to the room that holds John.  The door to the room that I spent the last two nights, the two happiest nights of my life.
When John walked into the room Sherlock’s voice had been coming from, he was wholly unprepared for the sight before him.  When Sherlock had said he was ‘tied up’, it had never occurred to John that he had been literal.
This time John sighs.  “I’m not being literal, Sherlock.  I know you don’t have a choice in what type a person you are.  It’s just a…well, an expression.  I’m just glad for who you are and that you choose to be with
What the hell was he doing?  Dreaming about John?!  Fucking Christ, even when he was sleeping he couldn’t leave her husband alone. Well,
Simon contemplated Rose’s face, expectant for their jog. With this latest revelation, there was no need to send Rose on this mission—Sherlock had already solved the puzzle—but it would be so much fun to show off.
BBB.  Best beta (in the world), Burning_Up_A_Sun!  Thank you, sweets; I know you have NOTHING else to do, lol.
“Hey!  I could have drunk that!  Drank.  Drinked.  Whatever.”  I sway, trying to focus on him.
With that, he scoots toward me and presses his body against mine, taking me into his arms and kissing my bare shoulder.
But when Sherlock had held John’s hand, it had reached down to the very core of him.  A core that, until now, he had not even known he possessed.  It made him realize he had a heart that yearned for the existence of another, a heart that needed to be
Going back into the bedroom, I slide under the covers and resume my position, picking up John’s hand up from where it fell, resting it on my hip.
This was inspired by the beauty that is Sherlock as acted by Benedict Cumberbatch and the painting Pygmalion and Galatea by Jean-Léon Gérôme
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “You think a man who sent a woman to her death in a staged suicide would think twice about killing a dog?”
“Following your accident, as a precautionary act, a brain scan was performed. Though there was no empirical evidence of critical injury, you’d had a significant blow to your head, and they wanted to get a jump ahead of injuries needing attention. Examining, via a lesser invasive biopsy procedure, a shadow she had seen in the scan, Dr. Rudnikov incidentally removed a nanochip that had been inserted into your brain. The chip, stolen from the Ministry of Defence for use with soldiers based in war zones, was developed to divert distressing memories, thereby reducing, if not entirely eliminating, PTSD. Hence, with the chip storing your memories, when the chip was removed, so was everything you thought, felt, and came to know in the period since the chip was introduced into you, which I believe was January 29.”
“I had no idea.  He has never said a word.”  Laila laughed, a tinkling chime of a laugh; what John said had obviously cheered her.  “But then, tis what you said; he does not express himself in such a manner.  I should be patient, that be what you say.”
“Always the devious one, eh?”
Thundering hooves beating the path brought John back to the present.
“It’s okay, Dad.  I know you loved Mum, but I can’t help but wonder if you would have been happier if you had been able to be with Uncle Sherlock all this time, at least since she died.  You…
more dangerous than driving a car.”  He laughs.
The brief, intense stare Sherlock gave Colin did nothing to ease his nerves, and Colin pointed mutely to one of the tents.
“Bye, love. Please drive safely and don’t forget to carry your mace. Did you finish those lessons I bought for you at the firing range? You can never be too careful you know; London has some nasty characters.” John gave Katie a tight squeeze as she stooped down to hug him.
My husband, the idiot.  As if he does not know the answer.
“What?! You and Pére have…
John had seen in Sherlock’s eyes that he had understood he had been skillfully manipulated.  But Sherlock's need to be right, would he prevail?
Sherlock disconnected before Molly finished.
“And just why did they leave you here?”  John challenged Sherlock, knowing there was more to the story; Scotland Yard would not be so irresponsible as to leave a helpless man in a deserted home just on a whim.  “
“I’m fine, Sherlock.  I can breathe now.”
John’s eyes darken as he looks up at me; his pupils dilating, blocking out the blue of his irises.
“Yes, you do and yes you did.”
“Yes, for you.”  I pull the bouquet of flowers out of the bag with a flourish, and hand them to him.  He closes his eyes, his lips tightening as he breathes in their fragrance.  He is moved.
“You were a child once,” Sherlock said.
John sits up, stretches his arms out in front of him and then checks his mobile. The screen says Sherlock.
“Bring it on,” John said, bracing himself.
“What will closing my eyes help?”
Simon felt an impulse to rub his hands together, but though no one was watching, he settled for a slightly less maniacal “bwa ha ha.”
He typed “James Alderman” into the address bar.
His struggles feeble, Sherlock couldn’t avoid the handcuffs, and he aimed his vitriol at Mycroft. “Don’t want to soil your precious reputation, do we, Mycroft.”
Enunciating his words to within an inch of their death, Sherlock grinds out, “If you will allow me, I
Inside, Nika groaned; though, she couldn’t say she blamed him. Were it her brother, she, too, would seek every avenue she could to keep him safe.
“I, uh, have family there.”
-------------------------------
“Simon?
“Being a soldier is not the same.”
Tapping a knuckle against his mouth, Sherlock thought aloud. “Since John’s chip has stopped transmitting data, whoever is on the other end is going to want to retrieve the chip, so we need to act fast. The GPS is likely still active, telling them where John is, so we need to move him to a safe place. And we need to destroy the chip after downloading the information. Mycroft, you’re the one who’s going to have to do that. Provide me a copy.” His hand stilled, Sherlock asked whoever might be listening, “What have I missed?” What else did he need to do
When the house be within sight, they stopped, and John cautioned one more time, “If Cedric be in the house, leave as quickly as thou can without raising suspicion.  If he be so adept at killing, he will not think twice if he knows thee be in his home.  I will wait outside, far enough that I be not easily seen, but not so far that should thou signal me I cannot come to thy aid.  But thou can only signal me if thou safely come outside.  Understand?  Thou are not to be brave.  Tis not yours to take him on alone.
I hurry to get my mobile.  No text.  ???!  Where did he go?
“Listen to me, John; the idea be not so ridiculous.  How successful have we been in finding Cedric?  We have waited days, with no fruit for our efforts.  To look for him in this city be folly; there be too many places he could be in hiding, without a hint of where to start looking. When I go to the tournament-” Despite the warning look John shot at him, Sherlock finished what he be saying.  “Yes,
“Mary is at Royal London Hospital.”  Hearing Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath, Mycroft quickly added, “She is quite alive, brother.  Shame on you for even thinking I could involve myself with the purposeful death of a woman so far advanced in pregnancy.  No, she suffered a minor complication whilst at the restaurant, but I understand she and her baby are fine.”
One…when he told me he was happy.  Two…when he splashed water at me whilst he shaved.  Three and four…when we went into the garden before breakfast and he pretended (I am fairly certain he was pretending) not to know what flowers I am cultivating.  Five…when he laughed at who knows what on his computer (his laugh feels like a warm summer rain; the kind that makes me want to go outside without an umbrella and just
“This be useless!”  Sherlock tugged the filthy rag wrapped around his face down to his neck, wrinkling his nose at the stench of it.  “For three days and nights we have watched the house.  For three days and nights we have dressed up in these…
“Strong and steady.  And if you also remember, I said ‘a hundred lifetimes is not enough’, so we have at least 99 to go.  I’m not going anywhere a second sooner than I have to, bucket list or not.  And you better not, either.”
“He could have found danger anywhere, Sherlock. It was you. Your existence was all he needed to give him the will to go on. To make his life worth living.”
Seeming uncertain to whom he should listen, Aldus’s head bobbed between Sherlock and Cedric, and settled on Cedric. “If you be sure.”
And while there was so much to learn about her, it would come in time.  Based on what he already knew, he felt it unquestionable he would love everything about her.
This is as clear as I can make myself.  Surely John will understand this is as much of a problem as him being unable to eat or sleep, for a corpse to be unable to decompose, for the sun to be unable to rise.  My thinking is a necessary component of existence.
He could hear the helicopter blades cutting through the evening air, coming closer.  No doubt to arrest him and Sherlock.  One did not abscond with Mycroft Holmes’ secrets without repercussions, not if they didn’t have something of equal or greater value to offer in return.  And they didn’t.
It does not help.  Well, maybe a little.
Both light sleepers, they woke early to the sound of the distant sheep bleating their discontent at being disturbed; the dog  herding them was far too energetic in his goal to get them to the next pasture.  Seeing as it was still only six in the morning, Sherlock was not concerned John had not yet risen; he knew the doctor was more of an eight o’clock man.  And even at that late hour he could still sometimes be a bit tetchy from not having enough sleep.
was going on? Not to mention Nice Sherlock. As wide a vocabulary as Sherlock possessed, John would have no difficulty believing that the word “solicitous” was not anywhere in it.
He pondered the man on the small screen.
“Ok, if you want to help, be my guest.”  His eyebrows knit together, clearly dismayed at my refusal of his kiss.
Sherlock asserted that yes, indeed John needed to go.  “Tracy Williams is a very private individual and it’s almost impossible to catch her in public.  Arranging to meet her in private is doubly so.  I need you to do this, John.  You know I am unable go, one of us has to get up to Cornwall and you are the one who has a way with the women…or so you tell me.  You are the obvious one to try to get sensitive information out of her. ”
“Yes, all very interesting, but that’s not what I’m talking about.  I’m talking about how you felt about him; you were in love with him.”
Rising, I drape my dressing gown over the back of the chair and walk to the bed, sliding under the duvet.  Nestling my face into the sleep-warmed curve of John’s neck, I wrap my arm around him and tuck my knees behind his.  And listen to him breathe.  Listen to the sound of the man who has been the center of my world for longer than I can remember.  I close my eyes, feeling far more fortunate than I have the right to be.
“John!”   I throw my arms around him, hugging him to me, burying my face in the crook of his neck. “John…John…”
Mycroft leaned in close to Sherlock, his faintly threatening demeanor doing little to intimidate the younger brother.  “If I were you I should keep my voice down.  We will talk about that someplace a little more private.”
I chuckle.  “
“Erm, not really. It doesn’t take a genius… Oh, sorry. Well, here.” John picked up his mobile. “I did a search, and it seems we, well, we did— I mean do, know each other.”
delusion, and I say we go.” Sherlock grabbed the cab door and flung it open with such force that when it opened as far as it could, it bounced back, slamming shut. He opened it again and pointed at the interior. “In. Now,” he said fiercely. Much to Sherlock’s relief, because he had little spirit left with which to fight, Stamford complied without argument.
Merciful.  Sir Norman’s be a title that, in John’s experience, belied the true character of the man.  Sir Norman be an errant and unchivalrous competitor, one known to cross brazenly the bounds of a fair fight. For years, rumours had spread of his corrupt means, not the least being that he fought with solid lances instead of the required hollow ones.  His record of victories, losing only to John, showed the rumours could well be true, but never had Sir Norman’s furtive tactics been exposed.
She thinks she had felt all the pain she could possibly feel saying goodbye to Dad, had felt a depth of grief she would not have to suffer again anytime soon, if ever.  But she is wrong.
“You’re ready?”  He checks his watch and looks back up at me.  “It’s still two hours before we have to leave for the show…”
“You are not nervous, are you?  You have done dozens of these interviews and I have never seen you so preoccupied.”
run off to god knows where, too tight-lipped to tell me he doesn’t want to get married, carping at him won’t bring him back.
“Anything that concerns thee concerns me.  Tis little difference.”
“I don’t
He ran.
Faster than I can say “chloramphenicol” the blanket is on the bed, plugged in, and John and I are snuggled under the covers…warm and
They had been to the hospital many times since ‘the fall’.  The ordinariness of life since Sherlock returned always overrode the vivid memories of that dark day, allowing them to be pushed into the shadows
“True.” Thumping the mobile on the heel of his hand, Sherlock tried to unravel how Rose’s natural inclinations could be overridden so seamlessly. Coercion, drugs, hypnosis—these were the tools used to induced someone to commit an act they had no inclination or desire to commit.
“Text me when you get there?”
“What I mean is, do you ever think about
.   But Las Vegas?  ‘Sin City’?  I am disappointed in you, John; I expected an exotic locale, someplace more…sophisticated.”  I sniffed.    The thought of bright lights, drunken tourists, and celebrity imposters, I did not find appealing.  If we wanted to see such ‘attractions’ we could go to Piccadilly Circus.
We look at each other and then in the direction of the rattling doorknob.
‘Oh dear Christ.’
Mrs. Hudson eventually came home (she’s a spry 95 years old now) after husband number 3 died. By that time John fixed up 221c and he and Katie lived there the twenty years until Katie moved out.
“I’m not going anywhere, not without
“If you insist, I choose Mycroft,” Sherlock huffed, knowing the only way to get to John was to humor Stamford.
Sherlock watched passively while the doctor processed his suggestion.  There could not be a more straightforward and logical solution.
away!  He is mine!”
Sherlock’s hand trembled as he held it out. And with his thumb, he gently brushed the cuff of John’s jacket, felt the weave of the fabric, the lingering chill from having been out in the harsh weather. The skin he touched underneath the jacket was warm. The pulse he pressed his finger to was strong and rhythmic.
happy.’”
If I am John’s lover then he is most certainly mine.  What particulars that entails I truly have no idea, but it sounds as if it requires no more than to love him (so, so easy to do), to kiss him until I am breathless, and cuddle him in bed.  As in all things I do, I am an excellent lover.  I will have to tell him, in case he is unaware of this fact.
“WILLIAM SHERLOCK SCOTT HOLMES,
“I think…I think what you say may be true.  I know it is incomprehensible for a person such as I to engage in such a base emotion, but I… just may be in love with you.”
What more could he expect?  He had spurned the man who loved no one.  Had, for all appearances, turned his back on him while he lay on a bed in hospital, struggling for his life.  Had refused to speak to him for nearly a year.  Why
A flush of warmth filled his body.  What the fuck did Sherlock always try to hammer into his head?  ‘You see but you do not observe.’
One hand fiddling with his mobile, Sherlock put his other hand in his pocket.  His fingers wandered, looking for nothing in particular, until they found another object with which to fidget…the shell from the rooftop.  A shell from a Russian sniper rifle.
you talking about, John?  I know you thought I was trying to be funny or trying to get something from you when I said this morning that you are ‘perfect’, but I was not.  I meant it.
“And what time did I leave? Hmmm?”
I am relieved; it is not Katie.  He would never answer a call from her in such a way, but whatever it is the person says, it is not a relief to John.
I have more.
“…I’m not saying I’m perfect at the relationship thing, hell, I’ve made huge mistakes, but I’ve learned a few things.  And one thing I know is that one of the only ways I can be happy is if
Sighing deeply, John apologized.  “I’m sorry, Sherlock; that was uncalled for.  It’s going to take me time to absorb everything that’s happening.  I think we should expect it to take a while.”
Finally,
The guard whacked the stick on his palm in a not too subtle hint that if they didn’t hurry along he would use it on one of them.
Rental car?  What is he talking about?  We did not drive, we took the train.
Sherlock had known within minutes that he wanted more.  More of John.  More of this strange man, that oddly, he had immediately felt he knew.
Know you no other words, Sir John?  Do you not recall buying my freedom
Sherlock’s phone pings.
Livid, John fought against lashing out.  Twould do no good. Sir Norman sat astride a horse, armed with a sword; John had nothing but his anger and his hatred.
Sherlock’s face is shyly radiant as he listens to Dr. Watson’s impassioned defense of my slight. It is as if he has never heard himself described in such glowing terms and does not know what to do with the intensity of the emotions they bring to the surface.
As he walks by me, a lopsided grin lifts one side of John’s face.  An eye brow rises and he wiggles it at me.  (Are you being…
“Yes, tis an excellent idea.  Thank you.”  Colin hid his relief.  He did not favour the woods; twas a frightening place to be alone.
I open it again.
will be dead, too.  Mark my words.  We must stay together, make sure neither one of us is alone with him, tis the only way to stay safe.  And we must protect Sir John, too.”
Leaning back against the counter, Jax folded his arms. “Who did you say this fellow was who called you to look at the scans? Milo Holmes? Is he MOD?”
“Yes?”
“I can live with that.” Andi moved behind him and uncuffed him, a gesture of goodwill. But leaning up to his ear, she whispered, “Don’t run off and make a fool of me, okay?”
It’s what people do with people they…care about.  Is that okay with you?”
“It’s almost noon; why haven’t I heard from him?!” Sherlock stopped pacing to stand in front of The Skull, waiting for an answer he well knew would not be coming.  Hoping for one anyway.
?”  Hope and disbelief mingle in his voice.
Colin turned toward the tents, but did not move.  Chewing on his lip, he debated the wisdom of doing so.
Slumping down on the sofa in his office, for the first time in 16 hours Lestrade was off his feet.  Not even the cracks in the sofa’s ancient vinyl, the ones insolently poking him in the back, could convince him he didn’t deserve a little down time.
“How—”
John takes his jacket off the hook and puts it on.  He looks around the room, checking to see if he is leaving anything important.
Sherlock’s world slowly collapsed in on him as he realized with sickening clarity he once again fell for a man who could never reciprocate his love.
Spencer didn’t respond. Instead, with the motor running and the music still playing, he left the vehicle, stepping out onto the road. Looking straight ahead and seemingly unafraid of being hit or, at worst, killed, he walked several feet past the bonnet of the cab. He spun around slowly, his eyes focusing in turn on vehicles stopped at the signal, their passengers’ eyes wide. The faces in vehicles driving past contorted in anger.
John hunched down, looking up into Aldus’ face, reassuring him as if he were the young child he looked to be. “Tis not your fault. Tis no one’s fault but the person who did this.”
“She’s a pretty one. What do you think she’s about?” Propped onto his elbows, John practically cooed as he saw what Sherlock brought inside with him.
“What is that?”
My fingers tap harder on the table.  No, it is
He brings in bags of groceries (you
7:59. Six minutes.
After one last peek outside and seeing no Sherlock, John stripped off his clothes and huddled under the blankets, soaking in the luxury of the feather bed.  With silk sheets, no less.  He had missed the bed he had had in Cambridge; too many nights slept on makeshift beds had done no favours for his shoulder.
“By selling my ‘
don’t know who implanted it into John?! Or when or why?!” With each accusation, Sherlock’s decibels rose. “
Gathering some of his wits about him, Sherlock asked tetchily, “Remember what?  If I remembered I wouldn’t ask.  Is he all right?  Is he
‘Love’!
gets to be with
, John.”
John startled when the sword fell to the ground. Raising his head, he stared into Sherlock’s eyes, eyes that would not release him.  Eyes that saw, and understood, the urgent longing on his face.
“So you need money.  And I am trying to help you do so.  How can you not see that this is a perfect solution to your problem?”
John sprang out of his chair and, as an afterthought, asked hesitantly, “Mary?  She’s well?”
Sherlock grunted. “How would you know?” The box grew heavier; he needed to start viewing. “Have you watched any of it?”
For once Sherlock was at a loss for a biting reply; he couldn’t summon his customary disdainful rebellion.  For once Sherlock was humbled. This was too important to go about antagonizing his brother.
I remember, John.  I am not likely to forget what you said less than a minute ago.”
John.
“I need to be alone,” John said, setting off, instead to the inn, to the gaol.
It does not.
as if he is sorry.)  “But I don’t think drinking tea is going to negatively impact my health.  People all over the world have been drinking it for centuries and it’s well-documented that tea-drinking has many positive effects on people’s health.  So tell me, what is this
“Of course.”  He sounded bewildered at the question.  Why would he not be alright?  He felt much more like himself now that he had taken a hot shower.
For as long as I can remember there have been few things that have been important to me.  To solve the perfect crime (This I did three times).  To be the smartest person in the room (Rarely does it happen that I am not).  To live a life independent of the tedious demands of people who did not and do not matter to me.
Sherlock read the last text he’d sent to John:
“So you’re telling me that two healthy young men, living together, who
“John!  You are back!”
‘Hello, John.’  What the hell does that even
In his life, Sir John had fought many battles. Battles putting his life at risk, pitting man against man. Battles he fought against worthy opponents or sworn enemies, situations for which he had trained his entire life. But not tonight. Tonight he found himself in a battle against himself. Was a rarity he doubted any decision, questioned any action of his own; were he in the habit of doing so, he would have long ago been dead. Indecision and regret were for the weak of mind and spirit.
I need to answer out loud.
“Oh! What happened? Are you hurt? Show me.” Laila reached out to touch him again, but Sherlock stepped back.
“Sherlock!  Oh my god, sweetheart, are you in that much pain that you’re crying?  Christ, what a fuckwit I am.  And here I thought you were faking it.”  John rushes to the bed and, kissing me atop my head, nudges his arm around my shoulders, resting his head on mine.  “I’m sorry for not believing you.  Are you sure you don’t want to see one of the surgeons in San Juan?  No, no, we’ll go home, just as you asked.  I know you don’t like strangers touching you.  I just don’t want you to hurt any longer than you have to.”
belong in a padded room.
“Sometimes, people do something hurtful to save someone they love from a greater pain.  She be a kind woman, and I do not think she would ever purposely hurt thee.”
“Hello, Mrs. Hudson, and how are you?  Yes, it has been a long time, hasn’t it.”  Finding it hard to do the polite thing and look at her as he responded, John’s gaze drifted up the stairs, memories flooding him.  As pleased as he normally would have been to see the quirky old landlady, he found it difficult to concentrate on her prattling.
But all he said was, “Okay, talk to you later.”
“What.” He bit the word out, quite certain he hadn’t the patience for a detective in training.
Janine Hawkins.
Sherlock had approached John early in the morning, attempting to smooth things over. Never quite sure at how to go about these things, Sherlock nipped at his bottom lip, trolling his memory for how he’d seen others express regret. “John, I’m not good with this type of thing, but I—”
“Don’t you
Oh dear.  Can this be why I fear him leaving me?  Is this why, when he is apart from me more than a few minutes my heart beats erratically and I feel panic grow within me?  Can I be…?  I am almost ashamed; I never have thought myself to be susceptible to such a common emotion.  I must be, I
No, the sole time he’d come close to feeling this miserable was early that morning. Standing at the window watching John storm off, boots leaving deep wells in the freshly fallen snow.
him and treated him as a slave?  I would not put my dog in shackles, let alone a man.”
“Good evening, everyone.  So sorry to be late, the cab had a flat tire on the way over.  My name is John Watson and I’m your group leader this evening; Jim’s baby, which I’m sure you all know about, is coming tonight.  So where were we, then?”  He looked around the room expectantly, his pleasant face open and alert.
I look at my watch.  He has been gone 29 minutes and 15 seconds.  The door does not move.
Sherlock’s stomach quelched at the unbidden thought.
Where is he?  Why has he not yet returned?
Katie doesn’t wait for me to find a way to answer.  “I was looking at a photobook at Nan’s flat.  It had your and mum’s wedding photos, newspaper clippings of you and Uncle Sherlock…”
“I cannot…”
“I’ll go make that tea, now.” Sherlock turned toward the kitchen.
But he was too late.
“Smug bastard.”
Straightening her back, Nika said, “Dr. Watson suffered a Grade 3 concussion. With proper care, there should be no long-term effects. I saw no bleeds, tears, or other traumatic brain injuries. His fibula was fractured; he has a sprained—"
At the touch, Sherlock arched, a hiss leaving his mouth.
“Yes, if you would be so kind,” Mycroft said. “There’s an emergency situation at MOD, and your, ahh, specific skills would be…”
"Ha!" Aldus erupted. "If this potion you speak of be so miraculous why did she not save her family? Maybe it is what killed them-"
John never found out who took the picture of Sherlock, but he kept it on the lockscreen of his mobile as a reminder of the most momentous kiss he had ever known.  Of his first kiss with the person that would, incredulously, become the love of his life.
“Come with me; we need to bring the armour to the room.”  Without waiting to see if Colin followed, Sherlock left, half expecting to see John outside.  He be disappointed when he did not.
And when he aimed it, he aimed it directly at her.
Springing to her feet, Andi strode over to him, relieved to see clear eyes with almost all trace of the spray gone. He looked to be a man in full command of his sensibilities and ready to take action.
He spun around and walked back to the kitchen, throwing open cupboard after cupboard, reaching high above his head as he searched the shelves.
“He’s not dead; he’s just taking a break.  He’s probably from the ship we passed at the last hotel.  It has to be hard work being out in this heat all day and night.”  John takes a closer look at the man sitting at the foot of the palm tree.  “He looks like Captain Jack Sparrow.”
“Let me through!  I be his friend.  Let me through!” he cried, ignoring the faces that looked at him with curiosity.
Taking two cups of tea into the sitting room, he set one beside John.  His attention briefly focused on the gun, Sherlock left it where it laid, despite now knowing what John’s intent with it had been.
“Something the matter?”  A voice tinged with playfulness came from near the end of the bed. Todd moved into John’s line of sight as he reached out to turn off the alarm.
John looked at Sherlock as if he was slightly tetched in the head.
“Do you understand what it is I’m saying?”  His thumb strokes my cheek and I bow my head.
He thought back to the Ella’s parting comment as he passed out her door: “Sometimes, Sherlock, when someone believes they’ve lost everything, it’s possible that they think they can’t still have the one thing they truly want.” He had dismissed her words as one of those hollow platitudes that someone blurts out when they didn’t know what else to say, sound to fill an awkward void.
“Well, maybe ‘everyone’ does, but
~~**~~
Herbert meowed from where he peeked around the bedroom door, a pitiful sound that said that he knew he would once again be plunged into solitude. His golden eyes pleaded with Sherlock.
when they are
It did not mean Sherlock had forgiven him, but it did mean Sherlock had accepted his offer.  Perhaps he not be so stubborn after all.  “Good, tis good.”
Ha!  I am brilliant!  I am already accomplishing Step 1 within moments of implementation!  He will need to change into his shirt and jeans and I will be able to see the object of my fascination in the process.  Whilst he is in the process of changing, I will dash off the bed, touch his back and dash back to where I sit.  He will be none the wiser.
I’m hurt and confused.  One of the happiest moments of my life, and after working so hard not to tell him about the book because I wanted to please
“How do you know me?” Sherlock asked with narrowed eyes, feeling compelled to be near this man at least a few minutes more.  “Have we met before?”
Spencer didn’t respond to the plea, instead sitting down on the pavement and unlacing thick boots. And standing back up, after a bit of shuffling, he removed the trousers pooled at the end of his legs. When he looked up and around again, this time, mobiles were aimed in his direction. A Metropolitan police officer headed toward him, his motorcycle deftly cutting through the traffic.
It was in the darkness that John was able to tell Sherlock why he had taken the blame for killing Magnussen.  Why, in that one crucial moment, it had been more important to him to keep Sherlock safe than to give himself safe passage home.
He deliberates.  “Well, if you’re sure
“Then, what is the point?” Sherlock had asked sharply. “Wouldn’t it be more practical to drink alone?”
“Night or not, you need to heal and to heal you need to rest. Now do not argue, I will be but a moment.”
He tilted his chin to reach lips as sweet as honey, puckering at them, savouring them.  Sherlock’s hand at the back of his head brought him closer and their mouths opened to one another, tongues eagerly seeking each other out.  Tasting, caressing, dancing.  A dance of desire.  And oh, how John desired Sherlock.
~~**~~
He eyes move down my body as if he had never seen a nude male before, his mouth agape, his brows knitted.
And in that moment John knew that it was true.  Knew that no matter what Sherlock had said about sentiments and areas and caring, that he had loved John. Loved him with a passion and devotion that was as uncommon as a double rainbow.
“Hurt me?  No.  Why ask you such a thing?”
He does not still his thumb.
I roll my eyes.  “We are not going to argue again, are we?”  But on second thought…  “Let us argue, then we can have make up sex!”
Mary!  Shite. So caught up was he in the jolt of seeing Sherlock, he’d managed to momentarily forget his wife.
“Go, go.”  Aldus waved him off. “I be fine.”
Not that Sherlock was a total stranger to the touch of another person.  No, he had not gone through these 32 years of his life unscathed by the feel of another body pressed against his.  As a child his mother had soothed his brow when he was sick, had held him to her when he was distressed over one of the many complexities life had to offer.  But there had always been something perfunctory about her ministrations, as if there had been something else she needed to do, somewhere else she had needed to be.
Stamford pressed his mouth closed and shook his head, an expression so filled with regret that even Sherlock understood what it meant.
tilted Sherlock Holmes’ world.  I’m right chuffed about that one.”
Katie sits by the bed, creasing and re-creasing the folds of the stationery page.  She doesn’t have the presence of mind to do anything else.
Sherlock’s face be free of guile, as be his words. John could not help but be touched, some of his anger seeping from him.
No, John did not like standing on the roof of St. Bart’s, not only because of what Sherlock had been through, but because for John it was the scene of the most devastating day of his life.
Sherlock glanced at his watch to confirm the time. “It’s four. I’d best let you rest.”
Zipping the bag shut, Sherlock said, “Why, I’m going with you, of course.”
The man hurried over to the leader’s chair and sat down.
Sunshine streamed through the window, and Stamford opened the door and got out. “Well, we’re here,” he said, as if it were the most ordinary thing in the world travel from London to…wherever they were, in minutes if not seconds.
“That’s
“Yes, dear, thou has a brother.  His name be Sherlock.  He be 4 years older than thee.”  She tried to remember what other questions had spilled forth in Colin’s burst of curiosity.  “And yes, he looks very much like thee.  So much like him, in fact, that at times I forgot twas not him who I ran after in the streets.  The two of you looked so much alike that often, when thee be younger, I called thee by the wrong name.  Thou would put thy hands on thy little hips and say ‘Mother!  My name be Colin!’  So indignant you were, that thy dotty old mother could not get thy name right.”  Laila smiled, lost in her reminisces.  “Precocious little boys, you both were.  Always so curious, always causing trouble.”
“When do you think you’ll be getting back from Cornwall?”  Not that John would admit he missed Sherlock on the odd occasion he went away on his own, but the flat felt empty without his presence.  As aggravating as Sherlock could sometimes be, John was never bored when they were both at home.
“He’s right…” Chanae turned to point him out. “Oh, he’s behind the post. But I can tell he’s still there because he still has wine in his glass, and he
John’s smile reached only as far as his lips.
I open my eyes and there he is, my beloved John.  Right where I left him.
My suspicion confirmed, the surge of emotion I felt earlier wells inside me again, but this time I refrain from obscenities.  As I work through how to explain to him why I said what I did, I look down at our hands, thinking how absolutely perfect they look together.  We are so very different in temperament and physicality and intellect, and yet somehow we seem to fit together perfectly.  Two parts that make a whole.
I’m done just in time for Sherlock’s text.
“Something happened tonight,” Andi said. “Simon was at the Ram’s—”
I spin around and walk to the sofa, throwing myself on it, wondering if I will survive the torment.
“There’s a switch? Right? You said they all have them.”
I clench my jaw as I prepare to cross the line.
had come together.  And now…
Turning back to take a look behind him, he was just in time to see Sherlock lifting the sprig to his mouth.
John and I are guests on the maiden voyage of the Pearl of the Sea, “The Largest and Most Luxurious Cruise Ship in the World.”  Katie and her husband Paul gifted passage to us as a Christmas present when, instead of emailing Katie a recipe for Bucket Fried Chicken, John emailed her his Bucket List, on which she saw his wish to take a Caribbean cruise.  Amongst other…desires.  I do not think I have ever seen John turn as red as he did when she emailed him back, saying that whilst she found “kiwi-flavoured lube” and “fur-lined riding crop” to be
So here I sit, watching John look pensively into his mug, his newspaper already forgotten on the arm of his chair.  What is he thinking?  I am not quite sure why I think so, but something tells me this melancholy is about more than missing Katie.
He sucks in air, trying to catch his breath as if to convince me; he need not do so, I am far too observant to miss the fact that he is in agony.
“…but I think I know why it takes so long for me to get an erection, and it is not my age.”
“Hmm?” His mind was already elsewhere, reasoning just why Simon would want the chips back. The memories, he had downloaded; what value did the chips themselves have?
I reach behind him and remove the gun from his back, the weight of it familiar in my hand even after all this time.
“Ahh, quite right. Not only can I not eat or sleep, but I rarely talk, not even to my best friend. And when I do, I can be quite peevish.” John’s last words to him had been something to the effect of sending Sherlock, roped to a very large anchor, to the bottom of the Thames. Clearly not the sentiment of someone who still considered Sherlock “the best and wisest man.”
As John stroked Sherlock, watched Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut, saw his mouth open into a wide 'O’ and his head tilt back, John felt a depth of desire he’d never known.  It went beyond lust; it went beyond all physical pleasure.  It was about his desire to please someone he truly cared about.
“Not to my
“Sherlock,” he said. “I’m Sherlock.”
My mobile pings.
Before answering, Aldus snuck a glance at Colin, and Colin gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head.
"What?”
“Let’s not get carried away, Sherlock. I don’t think Simon’s going to be blowing up dogs.”
Standing in the car park, John’s head is turned away from me to admire the country inn, its expanse of wrap-around porch perfectly complementing the white clapboards and black shutters.  Beyond it, everywhere we look are multi-hued trees, a kaleidoscope of colours that would be impossible to imagine had one not seen them.
“You’re
"And what are you going to study?"
promise to
On a lark years earlier, for normally it would not have interested him, he read a book detailing how a psyche soothed when one gazed at things of beauty: an emerald green meadow, the breeze dancing through its tall grasses; a fondly-remembered painting, perhaps
“Just in case Mark comes back and tries to do something he’ll regret.  You wounded his pride, you know.”
“You put pressure on my muscles with your fingers and push firmly into them in a rhythmic motion.”
!) is talking about the pirate, but no, he indicates my trousers.  I look down.  Amongst the wet spots where I spilled my drink are smears of blood from where I wiped my fingers.  John will be angry.
This was the 3
“If there was a false alarm, that means there was an alarm. What did you see that indicated you needed to do a stereotactic biopsy?” He sounded hesitant to ask—or at least that he feared he might not get an answer. More likely, he feared the answer itself. “What was the alarm, Dr.?”
They pulled into the drive behind the cottage, both men silently cursing the presence of the familiar black sedan they parked next to.
?!  ‘Excited’ is used for finding the severed body part of a victim that reveals the method of murder.  For finally identifying the soil sample that tells me where a murderer buried a body.  This, John,
I start walking.  To where, for once in my life, I do not know.
He did not have to dig deep into himself to find the answer.
As I lie looking up at him, my mind wanders.  Am a virgin sacrifice?  Is John laying me here to run a stake through my heart and offer me up to the gods?  I giggle against his lips.  Within seconds I am giggling so hard his lips cannot remain on mine even if they want to.
“The river be not far from here.”  John nodded toward the woods to the west of them.  “Aldus, you and Cedric collect rocks and pile them in that clearing yonder.  Would be a good place, I think, to bury Eduard.  My guess be the ground be soft.  We can cover his grave with the rocks to keep the beasts away.”
“Jo-o-hn!”  I cry, hoping he will hear me.  Save me.
.  It’s time you brought your vocabulary into the twenty-first century.”
Standing under the warm water, his head tilting up to let the spray calm him, he heard the sound of another inmate come in.  He wasn’t concerned about his nakedness.  It hadn’t been long into his internment before he lost any hint of modesty
“And you’ve seen no one. No one came with it? A person, I mean.” Sherlock eyed the dog, trying to intuit what it was thinking, deciding that it was quite pleased with itself as it had not stopped smiling, and its tail swept side to side as if nothing made it happier than to watch Sherlock.
But then why was his cock starting to push against his jeans? Why was his pulse starting to race?  And why couldn’t he tear his eyes away from an arse that by any standards would be considered ‘generous’?
have a driver’s license, is an
“Come on, love,” I hear John say again, refocusing on his face.
“If you would quit interrupting me, I’ll tell you.”
“John. So sorry. I’ll just…” But Sherlock remained rooted in place. In his depleted state, the effort to move was too great.
For the first time since he’d arrived at the hospital, he looked straight at her. “Excellent thought. Call them as soon as I leave.”
“Thanks, mate. Cracking work,” Simon said, his exuberance threatening to burst from him. He replaced the disc’s envelope with another that held £5500 and nudged it to the middle of the table. “I added a bonus for you.”
Gareth!” Cedric bounded over to stand with them and, clapping Sherlock on the back, snatched his hand back when Sherlock turned to glare at him.  “Good work, my fellow. Eduard’s death be avenged, and we can proceed to London without wondering who be lurking in the shadows.  I, for one, will be happy to have a good night’s sleep.”  He patted his stomach.  “And a hearty meal.”
“Sherlock!”  John cried, jumping up as he saw Sherlock begin to fall.  Lestrade was close enough to catch him, guiding him to the bench to sit down.
“Colin.”
Not willing to reveal what he knew about his friend’s wife, Sherlock pocketed the cartridge, satisfied they had all they needed from the roof.
Finished reading the proclamation, the Crier began to count down the seconds until the hanging was to occur.  The last seconds of Sherlock’s life.
Andi licked her lips. “I misspoke. Since Simon has John…” Andi waited until she saw he approved of what she said before going on. “It would put him at greater danger if this goes out on the airwaves. We don’t want Simon to get excited, in any way; he’ll be more prone to rash decision-making. He’ll be more prone to make a decision that could endanger John.”
Carefully sliding his arm off the man sleeping beside him, he heard That Voice.
John pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes.
“Sherlock Holmes.” The man said his name as if that told her everything she needed to know.
“Sorry.”
Andi squeezed her eyes shut; one of the last people she wanted to antagonize was Mycroft Holmes.
Everything packed, they set on their way.  Sir John and Sherlock taking the lead, they talked in voices so low Colin could not hear what they said. They seemed to enjoy an amiable company -- no raised voices, no sharp words.  Every so often they would lean in to each other to share a confidence in an even lower voice.  And more than once Colin heard them laugh.  Laugh!  Twas startling enough to hear merriment under such sober circumstances, but most of all twas startling to hear
that I can take care of myself.  I just need to cut back on some expenses for a few months.”
Mycroft’s gaze drifted down as he watched the amber fluid swirl in his tumbler, the practiced motion of his wrist almost a reflex.  “Of course. Whatever I can do.”
Pulling away, Sherlock looks at me intently.  “I love you.  I am not going anywhere, not unless you come with me.”
Flesh to flesh, not mouth to flesh, has to be the most intoxicating, thrilling contact we have had thus far.  I close my eyes, letting the intensity of this new experience wash over me, feeling it invade every cell of my body.  I shiver, but I am not cold. Good Lord, John!  What have you done to me now?!  Are there no boundaries to how you will torment me?
Fifteen, sixteen.
“Tis dangerous, and-”
“Well, com’on then,” John urged, seeing that Todd was taking his sweet time, “now that you’ve got me, what are you going to do with me?”  Just the thought of the possibilities made his cock get hard.
“Yes!  That’s it!  I’m going to mark this one down on the calendar, the day Sherlock Holmes said I’m ‘right’.”
If you're enjoying the story, kudos and comments are greatly appreciated!  They help this little writer carry on.  <3
“Okay, then, let’s do it.”  I kiss his hand and then use it to help pull him up off the bed.
I adopt an exaggerated pout similar to what Katie uses even to this day to get what she wants.  And what I want is John.  After all he is
“Wake up, honey.  We had best get back to our tents.”
Yes, I do.
Jerking up her head, the look Andi saw on Dr. Juma’s face told her that this wasn’t the first time she had said Andi’s name. “Yes, Dr. Juma. So sorry.” She opened the portfolio on her lap and, slipping out some papers, did her best to hide her tremble as she handed them over. “If I could just have a few minutes with you—”
was why people felt they needed to be near someone.
leaves any behind. Bit if a sot, he is, if you ask me.”
“Hm,” Sherlock grunted.  “Since you seem to know everything about such matters, tell me, when does John come back?”
mean.”
“Such childishness does not become you.  Yes or no?”
to be good, he thought, knowing without a doubt that one day he would be witness to the fall of ‘The Great Sherlock Holmes’.  It would feel so good to say “I told you so”.
This was all far more confounding than Sherlock deemed comfortable. He worked with facts and logic, not…Christmas Fairies and physiologic improbabilities.
As is my daily ritual, I wake up hours before John, nestling my face into his neck.  He knows I do this.  I tell him I use the time to think; I do not tell him it is time to think about him.  He has always admired me for my extraordinary intellectual prowess (who would not) and were he to discover my sentiment is getting the better of me, I fear I would lose his esteem.
Mark looks behind him for the person to whom I am speaking.
I sit in my chair; I do not know what to do.  Do I follow him and lay down beside him as if nothing is wrong, as if I am still welcome?  Or do I go to my old room and lie awake all night, silently begging his forgiveness, hoping he will hear my heart crying out for him?
Just as quickly, he deleted the text.
“He’s on his way to your flat—”
“And you know how good you feel when I kiss your back?”
Neither of us has the need to say anything.  My breath’s heavy with moisture where my face nestles in the crook of his neck, and my hand sits on the small of his back.  My husband’s hand is at the back of my head, massaging my nape, and his leg hooks around mine.
“They be too frugal to pay anyone, and too thirsty for my blood to leave the task to others. They would want the joy of doing it themselves. You have seen what they can do.”
I peer into his eyes- unwavering return gaze.  Chin tilted just so- no defiance.  Hands- unclenched.  Lips- relaxed, lightly moistened, and so utterly, utterly kissable.
Growing as limp as did I, John relaxes into the bed, a smile playing on his lips.  I lay my hand on his cheek and stroke his face.  His smile deepens and he purrs.  To the sound of his contentment and the vision of his beloved face in my mind, I fall asleep.
He looked slightly flushed, but that could certainly have come from his Olympic sprints up and down the stairs, and Sherlock didn’t
“Tis the perfect solution to our problem, John.”
“What?”  Hurriedly putting his jacket on, John looked at the gun and, after brief consideration, tucked it into the back band of his jeans.
Sitting on a bed of the rented room the men shared, Sherlock blocked out the exchange. While he did not look directly at him, every sense focused on John. Fluid and strong, John’s body appeared more powerful than his compact stature would attest to as he carried wood from the corner of the room, tossing it in the hearth. Twas warm enough outside, but the inside the old inn twas damp and musty, as if the walls had stored the cool air for centuries, releasing it for its new guests.
John squeezes me, his nose nestling into my hair.  “I’m so sorry, sweetheart.  I know how important London is to you.”
Twas an odd sensation to be hugged by Colin, but Sherlock could not say twas entirely unpleasant, and he awkwardly patted the air at Colin’s back.  Looking over Colin’s shoulder, he saw a woman sat at the table.
Sherlock kept his mouth down by John’s ear, the warm breath tickling it, causing him to shudder.  “I’ll explain in a moment,” the rich voice soothed.
“Come here, child,” he beckoned with a feeble wave, patting the empty space beside him on the bed.
He had lost some of the pleasant buzz he had had and he wanted it back.  He needed to roust himself, so he could
John held Mycroft’s gaze without wavering. “If he wants you to know, I’m sure he’ll tell you.”
But instead of fame and glory Sanjay found he had unwittingly participated in the reappearance of James Moriarty.  Even in his home country, the citizens were well aware of the consulting criminal; a loud cheer resonated across the vast land upon news of his ‘death.’
“What in the
I lie here and think about the last two days, two days in which more has changed than in the last two decades.
Making a hasty detour to retrieve his laptop and Simon’s “gift,” Sherlock couldn’t get up the stairs fast enough. Finding a bedroom that still had a bed in it, he sat down, setting the things down beside him and writing the text he had little choice but to send. How could he continue to live with John in the same house after he had been so roundly rejected?
Sherlock’s mind wandered.  He had thought that coming to these meetings might not be a total waste of time, after all, he could pass the time by estimating the number of them that would lie about their failure to stay off their drug of choice since the last meeting or determine who had been the most recent to have engaged in adultery.  But they were all so deducible, so transparent, that it wasn’t remotely the challenge he had hoped it would be.  What a pathetic lot.
In his distraction Sherlock lost track of the horrifying meaning Moriarty’s ‘resurrection’ held: John would still be in danger.
write it because I’ll want to be able read it.”
“I be comfortable, too, and could stay like this forever, but if the squires discover we be not in our beds…”
Despite the side-eye he gave Sherlock, John took the bucket hat, putting it on with a grimace.
Patting his coat pockets, then feeling around inside them, “I must have left them inside.  Damn if I’m going to go back to get them; I’d rather my fingers freeze off than run into her again.”
Then, my new husband made the one statement with which I could not argue, well, at least not for long.  This time it was not ‘Please, do this for me’, but it was tantamount to the same thing.
Just before the Naked One’s head was shoved beneath the surface, he shot Sir John a glare so scathing, so deathly, the Knight shivered, knowing he had never seen one so hateful.  And many had he seen in his 27 years.
“Circles, Sherlock.  We go in circles.”
Sherlock pressed his lips together, hard, and he heard the soft “
“John?”
“No, Rose, first.”
Just once would have been nice.
year John would be going to the Ball.
I sniff.  I am wounded.
Aldus laughed.  “Such weaklings you be.  Just watch.  When I be well again, I will pick it up with Sir John
“You’re actually pretty easy to read, you know.”
“Thank you?  So you have said before.”
Pat, pat, pat, pat.
“And why is it you think that?”  I ask gently.
John had felt it.
I tense as he again creates an opening in my bed clothes for the torment to come.
have to experience.  The part of John that moments ago had relaxed went tense, and his fingernails cut into the meat of his palm whilst he waited for the answer.  Be there something in Sherlock’s past about which John did not know?
John who trembled. “You cannot take it back.”
Finished changing out of his wet clothing and replacing them with his blue silk pyjamas and robe, he padded barefooted into the kitchen to see how his experiment was coming. Before they were called by Scotland Yard to help track down 'Santa', also known as Joseph Carimont, he had set a severed thumb  in a solution of chlorine and  acetone, the suspected cause of death in a murder in West London a week ago.
“And while you have been out saving the world from diabolical murderers, I
“Do they not?”
Katie takes the mug and kisses me on the cheek.  “I love you, Pére.”
“At the age of 67 you stayed up with your grandchild, who had had a mild case of colic, so your husband could sleep.
“What about them?”  Sherlock’s forehead wrinkled in confusion.
“I don’t know, I just thought, maybe, you might, I don’t know, be thinking something else.”
“Nothing.”
I pace the room.  Trying to deduce where I went wrong, why he left.
“I did a quick search on the way over in the cab.  Our Mr. Higgins here,” Sherlock said with a nod towards the corpse, “was the President of Higgins Inc., a global household chemical manufacturer that recently laid off 163 workers, reportedly due to the downward turn in the economy.  Yet his personal net worth has been on the increase every month for the last 36 months.  Not the sign of a business in poor health.  I would say there are plenty of people, 163 to be exact, which would wish Mr. Higgins ill will.  ‘Death’ being the most egregious form of that ill will.”
“You need to get up, honey, or else we’ll miss the show. You’ve been sleeping all day.”
Andi pointed at the screen. “By friend, you mean—”
A sleepy smile on his face, John rolls toward me, his hand finding my waist, inching the short distance across my flesh to the small of my back, resting there.
In a flash, Sherlock’s eyes brighten, and the intelligence shining through them is breathtaking.  What’s he thinking
Sherlock’s head snapped to his left.  Narrowly skirting a young woman and child who had chosen that moment to cross the square, a horse charged toward the Crier.  The horseman reigned the animal with a force that brought it to a skidding stop and, jumping to the ground, he ran up to the Crier.
“Coming?” Sherlock asked, already halfway up the stairs.
“I am married to
“If they don’t, I have a back-up plan.”
“I owe you nothing!  Who be this friend?”  John glared up at Sir Norman, a deep well of hatred building in his soul.
“No,” Sherlock said, confident in his answer. “I have no history of depression.”
His face tilting up to me, the sun reflecting off his snow white hair, he tells me, “Kiss me.”
Amused by the Naked One’s bravado when he had been at a grave disadvantage, Sir John’s humour transformed to stupor as a completely unclothed body came fully into view.  He had already seen the Naked One’s chest.  Whilst not ostentatiously muscular, it held a quiet strength.  But now Sir John saw the slim, tapered waist, legs as tall as oak trees helmed by firm thighs, and a…bounteous…manhood that revealed themselves.  Never before had his eyes been graced by such a fine specimen of masculinity.
Sherlock interrupted him.  “Well, if you must know, I’ve been working on a case.  I’ve been wooing a young cook to gain access to a suspect’s house and I’ve been practicing what to say since it doesn’t come naturally to me.  Clearly I’ve been working it out in my sleep.”  The amusement on Sherlock’s face didn’t diminish as he watched John’s fluster prevent him from producing a coherent response.
love with you. If that’s–if it’s–all right...” The question hung heavily in the air between them.
I take umbrage at the implication I would ever put his life at risk, well, at least not since before he married.  I distinctly recall the time I used him as bait for…
How those words haunted him, as if a gauntlet had been thrown down and it was he, himself, who had been called to the challenge. They hadn’t shielded him from falling in love, and they hadn’t protected him from becoming distracted on a case, had they. John
“It’s not amnesia, Sherlock." Mycroft paused. "John didn’t
Sherlock frowned.  “Rest?  Why?  We be not half done.”  He pointed at the crate; annoyed that Colin could not see how much work they had left to do.
“Yes.”
“Generally.”  The thumb went round and round, pausing only for Sherlock to scrape his nail over a small bump and examine it.
Sherlock stepped out onto the roof of St. Bart’s, a sense of déjà vu washing over him.  What he saw now was almost exactly as it had nearly 3 years before, only this time there were lights dotting the skyline, darkness adding serenity that could not be found in the daytime.
“I love you.  Madly.  Deeply.  Please do me the honour of becoming mine for the rest of my life.”  Those were the words that escaped Sherlock’s mouth.
“Look at me.”
“You will be,” John said, undeterred. He had but one mission right now, to get up the goddamn stairs. And if a certain consulting detective wouldn’t get out of his way, he would make him.
“Thank you, kind sir.”  Sherlock swept a mocking bow and headed toward the river.
John says, “Just so you know, Sherlock, I love you, too.”
Colin folded his hands together in front of him and settled on a solemn, expression - serious, but not about to attack them.
“Idiots!”
Sherlock stopped drumming. Smoothing an invisible wrinkle from his coat, he refolded his hands on his lap.
one, though as emphatically as the finger is thrust, it might as well be. “One date, and you’re in love with him. Bit fast, isn’t it?”
“Shit, Sherlock, I’m sorry.  I should have known I shouldn’t have slept on you.  You were shouting my name, calling for me as if I you were in such anguish.”
“Who else does thou think holds thy hand?  Has thou so many suitors?”  Sherlock kept light both his voice and an answering squeeze to John’s hand.  He turned to look at John.  His eyes having adjusted to the low light he was now able to make out John’s features; such a beautiful sight they were.
So focused am I on the object of my affection, I do not see the hand that reaches out and places itself on my chest, firmly pushing me away.
“Excellent idea, John!  You are brilliant!”
John made a sweeping glance, having yet to spot him; nor had he heard the signal telling him Aldus and Colin had.  The sea of people all started to look alike to John: fat, thin, long, hairy.  Young and old.  With every face that be not Cedric’s, John’s insides coiled tighter; Cedric
Nika nodded. “One point eight, and fifty thousand for each additional chip I remove. Name change. You provide security and transportation.”
The sun crested the horizon, streaming beams of early morning light through the slits of the tent.  Sherlock had stayed awake all night, keeping watch over John as he slept.  Crafting a plan.  A plan to ensure that John would stay safe from their mysterious assailant.
John walked a circuitous route, close enough to their camp he would hear a disturbance, but deep enough into the woods he would not be seen.  Deciding upon a thicket that be not so dense the branches would poke or scratch him, he sought refuge behind a large bush.  Relief be close.
Opening the back door of the cottage, Sherlock casually entered as though he belonged there, walking through the kitchen to plant a kiss on the cheek of the old woman standing by the sink, giving her a warm hug.  “Hello, Mum.”
"I am not a child, John, I know how to call emergency services."
“And who provided me with a fake MI-5 and an unalarmed house?”
John said it half-heartedly; it had been a busy day and nothing sounded better than climbing into their bed.  Well, nothing except climbing into their bed with Sherlock in it.
He closed his eyes and listened to the sound of Sherlock moving about the room, the sounds of the busy city coming to life. Life. His life at 221B.
“I’m not a little kid, Sherlock, I don’t need you to fuss over me,” he hisses, swatting my hands away.  “Don’t!  Just don’t!  You don’t need to slick my hair down,
How John does this, I have no idea; I can hide little from him.  Long ago I could lie about almost anything and he would have believed me, but not anymore.  Now, he is as attuned to me as is a musician to a cherished instrument.
lexis
mistake. Because, in a flash, Sherlock had already reached inside her unbuttoned jacket. Nicked the gun holstered on her hip. Aimed it.
I lie with my eyes closed, content to just
“Dish towels.”
“Just a sparkling water will do, thank you.” It would be best to be as clear‑headed as possible when she negotiated for her life.
John turned his head away to further distance himself from any scorn Sherlock might have for his actions.
Large flakes of snow start to swirl gently around us, and knowing we will not soon solve the mystery of our intruder, at least not tonight, we stop to look out at the valley, the landscape lit with the bright lights of the season.  It is so quiet we can almost hear the snow fall.
My ear buds plugged into my laptop, I listen to Dvorak’s Cello Concerto in B minor.  John reads The Hobbit.  How he can enjoy children’s books, I have no idea.  He says it is because he pictures himself in the role of the protagonist, going on adventures and battling dragons.  I roll my eyes at the whimsy; he is ever the romantic.
John looked stricken. Evident from Sherlock’s side of the conversation, Mary was not with Janine and he had no reason to believe she had been.  Where
“Well, we were, Eduard and Aldus and I, we were talking about you. About Sir John’s obvious, uh, interest in you, and Aldus pretended to be Sir John, talking to Eduard as if he were you, and he was telling him, uhm…” Cedric wetted his lips with his tongue and darted a look at John.
“Do you think I’m playing a game?”
At first, Sherlock looked as if he reproached John, but then he smirked.
I speak into the neck my lips are resting on.
“But mother, surely Geoffrey will know who Sir John be, or at least will be able to find out where he has gone; he knows many in his trade.  And I will beg of him to borrow a horse.  All these years I have worked with him should not be for naught.  I have been a faithful assistant.”
The entire time I lay on the couch watching him.
“Jo-h-h-n-n-n…..!!!”
fix my tie, for Christ’s sake.”  He smiles at a woman bustling by, “Abigail, nice to see you.”
John rolls his eyes.  “They’re five thousand miles away; they won’t do us any good.”
gotten there?
“I don’t see anything.  Which one is it?”
Sherlock answered with a sluggish nod, and Andi realized that even if he’d wanted to run, he hadn’t the physical stamina to make it far enough for it to be worth his while.
, Sherlock?”
“What?”  The expression on his face says he has no idea what I am talking about.
Sherlock and Sentiment become good friends.
“I don’t believe you,” he finally asserted.  “John wouldn’t confess when he didn’t do it.  And as I told you ...”
“Good,” Sir John said.  “Aldus, I will help you with the horses.  You say you be fine, but you still look a little grey around the edges.  Colin, help Sherlock tear down the tents; tis easier with two.”
Mycroft still talking, Sherlock ended the call, following Andi into the room.
The officer standing above him looked vaguely familiar, but it wasn’t worth the trouble to figure out where he’d seen him before, so Sherlock just nodded.
Dammit, John!  I argue with myself, telling myself I didn’t push him into this.  But I know full well he’d never had so much as a kiss before ours and now here it is only 3 months after starting his first relationship and I’m rushing him into marriage.  Fuck.  I’m a daft prick.
“Does thou truly think thou be a Prince or the son of a nobleman?”  As much as John wanted Sherlock’s illusions to be true for his sake, in John’s mind the likelihood was as slim as finding a fabled unicorn.
“You were the doctor that tended to me when I came in?” Sherlock’s deep voice, though not loud, carried in the small room, the articulation in his speech matching John’s previous perception of a well-bred young man.
A white hankie appears in Sherlock’s hand and he offers it to me.
My long strides carry me from the bedroom to within inches from him and, taking ahold of his arm, I propel him to the door.  He is too stunned to resist, when with my small shove to his shoulder blade, he stumbles out.
I will share with you that I'm excited for the next chapter. Our boys will start coming together. Finally!
‘Rewarded?’ Sherlock thought.  ‘Where did that come from?  Data collection, Holmes. Data col…lec…’  He melted into John’s mouth, forgetting the point of the experiment as his mind wandered to more pressing matters, like the mouth that sought his tongue out, sucking it, causing him to tingle and throb everywhere he could tingle and throb.
“No need to thank me, John.  Saving your life is just one of the many things I am willing to do as your..your…  I know I am I your lover, but am I, uhm, your boyfriend, John?”
My answer is to hit ‘play’, and the music Sherlock recorded to play during the ceremony fills the room.
“You alright, love?”
The crowd be massive; it must have been some time since the last hanging, for the thirst for blood be strong.  The chant of “Hang him!  Hang him! Hang him!” filled the square like a dark, thundering cloud hanging low in the sky.
home.
The fine cheekbones.  The plump lips that begged to be kissed.  Well and often.
“Will you call me ‘Honey’?”
I speak slowly, starting from the beginning.  He is obviously having trouble with the concept of freelance services.
Sherlock!  What would John do?  What would
“So, we got to Heathrow, and of course, all the flights were canceled because of the snow.”
was pretty… But you’re a big boy; if you want another drink get another drink. All I know is I’ve had enough,” John says, throwing his cup, almost two-thirds full, into a nearby bin.
I am so tired.
“She’s downstairs with Mrs. Hudson.  She’s, uh, she’s not Ekaterina anymore, Sherlock.  I changed her name to Scotti.”  There it was, the cat was out of the bag.
?  You may not call me
“Do not look me that way; tis not my fault she be dead.”
Quickly finding John’s face, Sherlock released a shaky breath.
It is so bright in here; perhaps I should put my sunglasses on.
It is not his words that cause me to stop talking, it is his mouth.
“That was your tongue?!”
John scans the information, reading it aloud.  “Ostoeflourosis, Alzheimer’s, urinary and digestive system disruption, premenstrual syndrome…  Now, that last one that frightens me!”
The man contemplated his ale, emptying the mazer in one long swallow.  The mazer landed on the table with a resounding blow, tipping to the side in the unsteady hand.  Eyes closed, his head nodded as if he might be falling asleep, and then he jerked back up as he lifted his cup to wave it in the air.  He wanted more.
Looking one more time in the mirror, he changed his mind and took off the oatmeal jumper, replacing it with the blue sweater vest; more than once he’d been told it brought out the blue in his eyes.  He buttoned the top button of the checkered shirt underneath.  No, not right.  He unbuttoned it again, yes, that’s it, fondly thinking that Sherlock could probably write an entire thesis on the psychology behind whether or not the top button sat open.  A companion piece to the one the detective had threatened to write on the ‘complexity’ of his jumpers.
be my brother?”
“Why?”  Sherlock made no move to hand it over.
"Me thinks it is you who is fascinated by Sherlock, after all, he is very pretty," Cedric said, laughing at the indignant expression blooming on Aldus’ face. "Why else would you be so concerned about Sir John’s desires? Jealous, are you? Afraid Sir John will taste him first?"
discussion.  Not now.   Her tactic couldn’t have been better planned; had she pushed him he would have left.  Had she played the affronted spouse the response would have been the same.  As long as he was living in the same flat with her she had hope that he might come around.  John understood that and allowed her to wonder, getting the smallest amount of satisfaction in letting her do so.
“Sherlock!”
“All right.  What do we do?”  Sherlock crossed his arms, the pout clouding his face disappearing when John stroked his thumb along his cheek.  Just a light touch, but it soothed him.  And the look on John’s face, twas as if he were looking at something wondrous and fascinating.  Making him think that perhaps…perhaps not only did John care
Passing John on the way to the front door, Sherlock couldn’t look at him. He couldn’t look at the man in the bed who looked exactly like John but was only the shell of his friend. He needed
Heat flamed John’s cheeks. “How did you find me?” His fingers fumbling with the rope, he tied a loose knot and settled his hands on his hips. “Why be you here?”
Now he looks downright livid.
Giving me a kiss as I set my mobile down, John tells me, “Go back to bed sweetheart, I’ll be right in.”
“Aahhh, but I am enjoying it every bit as much as you are.”  He wraps his other arm around my shoulder and rests his cheek atop my head.
“Tis settled.  Sherlock?”  John’s tone, hard as flint, twas more a command than a question.
“I already told you, John, he shot himself and I looked away.  I didn’t watch him lying there.”
Andi’s eyes flashed up at him, a smile creeping to her lips.
Sherlock hated the pity he saw in the Inspector’s eyes.  It was demeaning and unwarranted.  Yes, a couple of times his dosage had been off, but he had built up a tolerance and had needed to adjust it.  He had it under control; he didn’t need
My friends often rib me about my romantic whimsy, about my ability to diagnose undying love in the unlikeliest pairings. But I do not think it an overstatement to say that with Sherlock and Dr. Watson, I believe I have encountered the unicorn of romance. Two men desperately in love. So comfortable with each other, so attuned to each other that they don’t know where one of them ends and the other one begins. Yet they are so inured to their daily—and I mean
I think.
We must sit here for two or three minutes, neither of us saying anything.  I don’t hear Katie come inside the house; she must want to stay out of the middle of the storm she fears is taking place.  I don’t blame her.
Anthea lifted the mat that lay on the stoop of the cottage, picking up the key from underneath it to unlock the door.  The cottage had been used as a safe house for several years now; her employer often found he needed a hideaway for his ‘business partners’.
“Sherlock,” John said, just as heartfelt.
I puzzle at his physical reaction, but I still have important things to say.  My finger reluctantly leaves him.
“Humming don’t prove nothin’.”  Merek tried to charge Sherlock again, but this time instead of a foot he was held back by a sword tip pointing at his heart.  “You ain’t nothin’ but a servant, and servants keep their holes
“Do everything you can to ensure my brother is unharmed. But if he is an imminent threat to others, act accordingly.”
“But if that be true, Sir John, why would someone want to kill the servant?  Surely there had to be a reason.  What did he do to cause such retribution?  An eye for an eye, tis the only good reason.  Either way, whether he killed Eduard or this other person, he be a cold-blooded murder.”
John lets go of my hand and reaches for my waist as he leans in, kissing my sternum.  I swallow and my chest heaves.  The edges of my vision grow fuzzy.  I shore myself up with another deep breath, exhaling slowly.
“In front of me, so I can see what you be doing.”  Twas imperative he saw John’s face.
Another text popped up, with only a link this time, and Sherlock clicked on it. It took him to a video. In the video was the face of a man—Tom Bayers. Sherlock turned his mobile sideways to enlarge the viewing area, and he saw Bayers’ lips moving, as if he were speaking. What was he saying?
“Obviously.  This is hardly a gaol cell, now is it, John.”
“Of course, I do.  We… copulated. But I never sleep this late.  You must have anesthetised me, or dosed me with a sleeping tonic you have saved from your clinic days.  If you are still upset over a few harmless experiments…”
“Yes.”
Begrudgingly, Sherlock acknowledged that Andi’s plan was better than his, for he hadn’t one. He walked faster, eager to return to the house. Eager to be near John. And arriving, he took a steadying breath before turning the knob, about to embark on one of the most difficult things he’d ever done. Nothing.
, Andi typed, following with a string of laugh emojis.
“Ms. Rasperson. Andi.”
“But what motive would Sherlock have to kill Eduard?  What quarrel would he have had with him?”
“Mr. Higgins was murdered and his wife was the one who carried it out,” Sherlock announced, as though it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“What about Mary?  You got married.”
“Ahhh, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said as she neared the top of the stairs, putting on an expression that he hoped vaguely resembled a smile. He wouldn’t want her to inquire as to what was amiss.
This is always such a sad moment, the end of a series.  Maybe it's because it's when everything is bright and happy and I want to hang on to the love.  From the beginning I planned on an epilogue, but I think I put what I needed to in this chapter.  To those of you who tagged along until the end, thank you SO MUCH; I hope it was an interesting and satisfying ride for you.  I know for me it has been a great (and often mind-boggling!) adventure.  Special thanks to Burning_Up_A_Sun (the Beta of all Betas!), Thorntonsheart, and QueenLadyAnn, you've given me the greatest gift I could receive, you make me feel like a Writer.
At some point in time, we all wear a mask,
“I cannot wait.  I cannot wait to wake up and spend another day with you.”
It is our first night to bed after we enacted the kiss embargo.  I lie on my side of the bed, Johnless.  With a berm of blankets and pillows between our bodies, I cannot hug him; I can barely reach him, and when I do, he swats my hand.
“…pardon…release…”
This one here was like that.
“No, no,” she reassured him. “Just let me go home and rest; I’ll be better soon.”  The last thing Mary wanted was to call attention to herself.  Mycroft no doubt recognized her, but it would do no good to give him cause to come to their table.  The more distance she put between her and Sherlock’s brother, the better.
"What did you do to him?" John's stomach twisted as he heard Sherlock gasp his name. "I
Jolted by the command, against my will my eyes fly open, knowing that as soon as I do he will be gone and I will be alone again.
“Who was she with, Sherlock?”  John looked back at Sherlock who got the distinct feeling he was being accused of something.
She let the call ring out so it would go to voicemail, giving herself time to find out what he wanted before talking to him. Giving herself time to figure out if she was willing to do what he asked.
As much as he wanted to touch it, John avoided the penis he knew would be heavy and full; there would be time soon enough.  Instead, he reached around Sherlock’s slim hips to grab a buttock in each hand and massaged them.  Tentatively at first, but emboldened by Sherlock whimpering against his mouth,   he began kneading them in earnest, bringing their hips together in rhythmic undulation.
"You said you no longer had it in your possession," I say, my voice barely above a whisper.  Unbidden moisture stings my eyes.
The mobile vibrated.
A name and face not unknown to me. Who could be unaware of a man so famous for his cunning detective skills or, if sensational tabloids are to be believed, criminal acts he, himself, has committed?
Dressed and on our way downstairs, I make a mental note to tell Mycroft we need ground floor accommodations; John has developed arthritis in his left knee.  It is minor, but I see the discomfort on his face that navigating the stairs causes him.  I stay in step in the event he needs assistance.
He and Sherlock had argued.  Well,
“No, honey.  This is for the best, and don’t think it doesn’t bother me as much as it does you.”   As he says this, his eyes rest on my lips, his tongue snaking in and out of his mouth.  You do not play fair, John.
His curiosity peaked, John moved his chair and laptop to the side of the table closest to Sherlock so that now when he talked, John could be sure to hear him.
John has stood up and now leans up to my ear to whisper the rest of his ‘want’.  I blush, ruing the fact there is no coat with which to hide my stiffening penis; linen is far too light a fabric to conceal
Jennifer’s face scrunched up as she tried to sort through that.  “Does that mean I’m an idiot, too?”  I opened my mouth to respond, but before a sound came out, John spoke.
But he should know by now to have more faith in his mercurial lover, after all they’d been together a lifetime now.  Well, at least the part of their lives that mattered.
“Because my mother has spent much of her life yearning for a man who spurned her.  She did marry again and had another family, but deep in her heart her first husband will always be her true love.  And their separation be all because of a misunderstanding.  Had her first husband had faith in her love for him, they would still be together.  Of course, I would never have been born,” Colin chuckled.  “But the point be, I do not want to see the same thing happen to you.  Have faith in Sir John, Sherlock.  Give him reason to have faith in you.  Do not let misunderstandings come between you.”
I cannot say it displeased me when only a few months after Katie moved out John came to visit.  And did not leave.  He said he did not like living alone.  Besides, he said, he understood the charm I saw in country life.
Standing just inside the flat that had been criminally easy to access, with a critical eye, Sherlock surveyed the space James had lived in.
bed, and without him in it, it is empty and useless.
“As if it were in doubt.”
He shut his eyes and turned away from his brother, hiding from him a pain deeper and more damaging than that of any bullet wound.
am not the one touching people and telling them with my eyes that I love them and laughing with them like a flirtatious little school girl.  I am not the one forgetting
“What do you want in the fridge?” Christ, his head hurt.
Yes, these two knew each other.  And quite well it appeared.
“Sherlock, love, you have long been my best friend, my greatest challenge, and my greatest supporter.  But most importantly, you are the love of my life and you make me happier than I ever imagined I could be.  You have made me a better person, and though you probably never knew it, you have saved my life more than once.  I am truly blessed to be a part of your life, and there is nothing I want more than to continue to be so the rest of my life.  We once spoke of regrets; my only regret is that we have but one lifetime together. A hundred lifetimes would not be enough to tell you how very much you mean to me, to show you how very much I love you.
“Everything went smoothly, thank god.  Katie is well, and the baby is perfect.  Absolutely perfect.”  John beams, his eyes alight with joy, every inch the proud new grandfather.   “Come meet him,” he says, taking my hand.
Unruffled by the interruption, Sir John nodded his head, encouraging Sherlock to continue.
Sherlock led them through town, confident in their route though it was long since he had been to the old woman’s house. Silently navigating the muddied streets, dirt sullied their shoes, splashed onto their hose. Passing a farrier, Sherlock spotted several faces he had seen before at the Lord’s house. He felt safe in the knowledge they would not recognise him in the squire clothing, the hood back over his head. Twas just as well, he thought, they be of no interest to him. Quite extraordinarily, he reflected, the only person he found of interest at that moment was the man walking with him.
sex?”
“John, we are going home,” I announce, retrieving my travel bag from the wardrobe.
I examine him.  He looks so innocent lying there, not at all like some He Devil who goes about casting spells and brainwashing people. I am frustrated. I cannot deduce in what manner he has sabotaged my brain.  How this could happen I do not know; my superior intellect would need a very powerful act to overcome it.
Well-worn, it appeared that of a house or flat door.  Hanging from a small key ring attached to it was a short, oblong tag, marked 4C.
“I do not-” Sherlock caught himself.  It seemed he be having to defend himself too much today.  He walked alongside Colin, mindless of where they went.  Finding it harder and harder to think of anything but John.  Where
John digs out his wallet and opening it, pulls out the card and places it in my palm.
Lestrade made one more attempt to get through to the famously stubborn detective.
“What is it, John?  What bothers thee? Does thou not want me?”
“Peasant cows!”
“If not Colin, then who, Sherlock?” John asked, his anger, whilst not boiling as fierce as it had, simmered inside of him.  “Ahhh, Cedric.  Another attempt to rid you.”
He plopped into the chair he’d set by Sherlock’s bed and leaned heavily on his knees. “Fuck me. Now I can breathe again. I don’t think I breathed all day.”
Thinking, and putting into motion the results of my thinking, is my life source and without my daily requirement I am losing energy.
“Where…?”
“John, I—” The inadequacy of his responses were no less infuriating to himself than to John.
Did I just say
Clearing his throat again, John continues, “As I was saying, I just wish Mary were here for Katie; a father alone is not enough.  I feel like I’ve failed Katie somehow.”
“You had no choice.  You could not starve, and you could not let Sherlock go without.”
“There is?  What?”
…” and “Get the camera on him!” as I approach John.
Aldus shrugged.  “I am not a child, Cedric.  I know tis not popular to share an opinion that does not align with the Church, but tis what I think.”
~~**~~
“Tis all right, John, we need not leave Leith.  When the sun comes up we will tell the sheriff.  We can stay here until Gareth is caught, then head to London.” Sherlock smiled. “I have nowhere else to be.  London can wait.”
“There be no one,
“Oh, right.  I didn’t ever meet with him; I did everything online.  Emailed the manuscript back and forth.  The only thing that was hardcopy was the contract, and that I did one day when you were meeting with Greg in London.  Yeh, I did lie that day, told you to meet me at Katie’s; I was going to visit her and John John whilst you did your business.  Which I did after I left the lawyer’s office.”
Somehow, I have never presented this question to him.  Am I afraid to know the answer?  Do I fear if he says ‘yes’ it will somehow diminish, in my eyes, his love for me?  Had I not been gone those two years and he had not met Mary would he have met someone else who was not destined to leave this earth so soon, extinguishing any hope of
“Call it what you will.” Mum sighed, wondering how she managed to raise two such stubborn children to adulthood; it was a minor miracle.
“I am male, as are you, which means we are unable to procreate; we’re too old to start a family even if it were possible. That reason precludes the necessity.
“I am not nervous; I am impatient. Perhaps you should consult your garish display of reference books for
Every day John lived with the memory of the hours he had spent online with Sherlock, hours that he had fallen irrevocably in love, hoping that when he got home they might pursue a relationship.  But Sherlock was strong and healthy; John knew he wouldn’t want a man that walked with a limp and sometimes couldn’t remember what day of the month it was.  No, he had decided the best thing to do would be to stay as far away from Sherlock Holmes as he could.  His mistake was in thinking London was a big enough city to do so.
, John emailed him instructions and after several attempts, during which he was unable to see Sherlock vex and mutter with annoyance, they were finally able to see the faces they had been talking to anonymously for far too long.
“Mum was an alcoholic as long as I can remember; I don’t ever remember seeing her totally sober since I was a small child.  It drove Dad away, leaving Harry and me alone with her.  We would come home from school and she would be laying on the sofa, passed out, an empty bottle on the floor beside her.  Those were the easiest times.  When she was awake, she was every child’s worst nightmare.  She wasn’t physically abusive, but no one should treat a child the way she did.  It was like we were the demons she was trying to rid from inside herself.”
, indeed.  And why would I do that?”
Sherlock stepped into the water and slid down, sinking beneath its surface.  Resting his head on the rim, for the first time since the joust he gave himself permission to think of something other than battles and fear and loss.  Gave himself permission to think of nothing at all.
“Simon, no. I will not ever lie to you, I promise. No tricks, no lies. If I did, this couldn’t work. I’m just here to try to help us come to a solution that works for both of us. So hey, I’ve texted my colleague, and they’ll have a photo to me in just a moment. While I get the picture, why don’t you get John to the window where we can see he’s okay. You can wait until I get Rose’s picture to you to open the curtains, if you like; it’ll only be a minute. What else can we get for you, Simon? Is there anything else I can do for you?”
knees sag.  I still have so much to learn about kissing; I shall enjoy the instruction.  With immense pleasure.
“Wouldn’t be surprised were it the agent doing it,” Sherlock said, chafing under the need to switch to a topic far more important, and interesting, than understimulated government agents—John.
So as I watch John fumble with his tie, I get up and brush his hands out of the way; it is almost time for the driver to pick us up and take us to the television studio.
“Sherlock, look at me.”
“Stop thinking.  Stop…doubting.”
“Uh, no.  Let’s
John cleared his throat.  “I did. Had the gun out.  I know now it was never something I would have done, but it always sat in the back of my brain as an option.”
“That is one of the most idiotic, most absurd, most…beautiful things you have ever said to me.”  And as he leans up to kiss me, there is a tap on the door.
“Alright, but do not forget his blanket; I do not want him getting cold.”
“What?”
He gasps as if something stabs at him.  “Wha-a-t?” He breathes out heavily.
“No. Never.” There was little Sherlock regretted in life, but if he were to create a list, he was pretty sure not holding John’s hand would be toward the top.
“Tis not my lips that hurt.” John raised his eyes, locking them with Sherlock’s.
his memory; it was surgically removed.”
Sherlock felt disoriented.  Disoriented to see John here in front of him.  So close. Still so far away.  He briefly wondered if he had lost his mind, if perhaps John were an apparition.  The thought crossed his mind that he might be a hologram, just as ‘Moriarty’ had been on top of St. Bart’s that night, but he quickly pushed it aside as being too ridiculous.  No, this was John.  John was
“Am I being foolish?”
“You know I write all these things down to use against you, don’t you?”
I groan inside. ‘No more secrets.’  Why did I agree?!
“Don’t be such a goof,” he mumbles against my shoulder.  “You haven’t said the words but you’ve told me every day since the day we met.”
“We have to do something for her, Stamford. Get her back to Baker Street. Get her some food.”
Just as John’s presence had become essential to sustaining him.
“Ah, true. I did. A minor procedure. False alarm, really. So sorry to give you a scare.” No lies there.
“Why didn’t you just ask, then?  You didn’t have to go to this elaborate set up.’’  John eyed Sherlock suspiciously.  “There is no Tracy Williams, is there.  And
along?  After all, I just sent my wife away!”  Though he could see perfectly well that Sherlock’s mum was there, a part of him was still disbelieving.
“Really, John.” Sherlock felt his panic rising. He needed to get away, glad that the nurse had gone outside to smoke so there would be no witness to his humiliation. “No need to say more. I’ll uh, go up and take that nap you suggested. I’m suddenly feeling quite weary.”
“Yup.  It’s me.”  A huge grin breaks out on my face and I’m not sure if I’m prouder at seeing my name on a book or having outwitted the most un-outwittable person I have ever known.
“Ok, I warned you. Hold these.” Handing Sherlock his crutches, John stabilized himself with the banister while he reached into his backpack.
.”  Looking at John’s face, he added, “Sir.  We know nothing of this Sherlock except what he has told us.  Aldus and I were with Eduard, twas neither of us.  Sherlock was alone when we took Eduard’s body back to the inn; you had left.  How long were you away?  Was it time enough for the servant to have found Eduard, to kill him and return to the inn?”
“He had to have implanted one of the chips in you,” she said. “I didn’t really figure it out until this morning. I’m guessing it was when you were mugged in Hackney, and that’s why I was texting John, to tell him so he could, erm…”
Chagrined, John said, “No, I do not.”
“Forget about him, he’s an idiot.  Now, what about this million quid blowjob?”  I mimic his eyebrow wiggle from earlier in the day.
“No, John, not this time.”
“Suz. Is John Watson still in surgery? …yeah, I know. I’m as surprised as you that I’m here…Listen, I’d love to chat, but— No worries.” Nika thrummed her fingers on the desk; she needed to get moving.
I can tell the moment he settles on the latter; his face softens, and he places a hand on my chest in apology.
“Have you an available room?  As you can see, my friend be unfit to walk anywhere.”  Sherlock produced a coin, showing her twas not a frivolous request.
“Out of our way, or we will arrest you, too.”  The guard, impatient, pushed John aside.  “We have the man for whom we came.”
“No need. It was purely a diversionary tactic. I needed to think.”
Aldus’s head jerked up from where it hung almost to his chest.  He blinked several times as if having woken.  “Hm? Huh?”  And he turned to Colin.  “What?”
And the best part in all of that?  The
“I loved your mother very much,” I say, taking her hand in mine.  “and
“John…” I breathe, "John..."  I leave my eyes closed, knowing it is but a dream.   I want so desperately for it to be real, but I know it cannot be, for John is another world away.  I wonder if perhaps I am in Hell after all.  To be taunted with the feel and sound of the one thing I wish for beyond all else, yet cannot have, is the antithesis of ‘heavenly’.  When I get up I must make a complaint.
Sherlock caught up with Stamford as he opened the door onto Baker Street. A powerful gust of wind burst inside, blasting a blizzard of snow into the hall. Outside, heavy snowflakes packed the air, and a foot of snow sat on the ground.
Sherlock cocked an ear at the sound of a vehicle’s honk from the street. “I really do have to go. But John?”
“Perhaps His Highness would like a more formal invitation.  Sherlock, will you please come lie down with me?”
“I’m rambling. I’m so sorry. Sometimes, it’s such a relief to get a new person to talk to. Mr. Watson is over here.”
I find difficult to believe.”
Disgusting.
A text popped onto the screen—
Four hours, 3 minutes and 6 and a half seconds.
“‘Perfect’?  What happened to ‘idiot, ‘as always you see but do not observe’, and the dozens, if not hundreds of other ways you’ve managed to so charmingly point out my inadequacies over the years?  You aren’t going to offer to dust again, are you?  And by the way, even if you do I don’t care either way since we’re not at home.”
After we eat, I tell John I will come to bed in a few minutes; I want to look something up in the library.  I do not tell him it is old family photos…there is only so much sentiment I will admit to in one day.
For the first time in his life, Mycroft found himself unable to formulate a scathing response.  When only days earlier he had so uncommonly expressed sentiment to his brother, telling Sherlock he would be at a loss without him, never did he think that loss would come so very soon.  He knew well the likelihood was slim that he would, within days, formalize discussions to keep Sherlock from incarceration.  And as he just told his brother, if Sherlock went into prison before the deal was finalized, Sherlock would stay behind bars the rest of his life.
Even long before we became involved, I annoyed Sherlock with my, what he called ‘romanticization’, of his cases.   But for a long time it’s been no secret that the protagonists are loosely based on my husband and me, and their collaboration in the books reflect the years before we entered an intimate relationship.”
We soon made it home and, well, let me just say the fireworks at the castle were tame in comparison to those which later took place in our bedroom.
Searching my face, John understands.
Finished, Laila rose, her aching knees forgotten as she pulled the covers down and climbed into bed.  She lay there, thinking of her fine young man, happiness humming through her as she thought of seeing Sherlock again the next day, unaware she would only be met with melancholy.  For when she awakes the next morning she will find the empty mazer on the stoop, not to know when she will again see her beloved son.
“I’m not talking about London, Sherlock. I’m talking about the people who’re around you every day; they’re the ones who truly need you.”
long) or if he was genuinely engrossed in the body that lay on the bare floor before them, but he innocently asked "Come up with anything interesting in there?"
Where was John?
Blindly finding the chair behind him and pulling it close enough to sit, Sherlock took John’s hand in his own, threading his fingers between those offered. He checked to make sure he was doing it right and, looking at John, decided he must be; John’s eyes were closed, a gentle, beatific smile gracing his lips as if nothing could be more pleasing to him than to have Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Really not the point right now, Sherlock.  Now, will you help me,
And that is when she knew that in one day she had lost both of her remaining parents.
In the video, fingers clacking at the keyboard produced a message that appeared on the document:
“Maybe what?”
A figure stepped out of the shadows, startling John and Sherlock as they walked back to the inn. Reflexes honed by years of practice,  John's knife flew to within a hair's breadth of the man's neck, ready to defend them.
The presence or absence of them in no way demonstrates who you are.”
To Sherlock’s immense relief, the black cab, driverless as before, rolled near. Sherlock slumped into the passenger seat, his sense of impotence from not being able to help Mrs. Hudson almost unbearable, and he closed his eyes, determined to put the episode aside. Deep in his thoughts, Sherlock paid no notice to the cab’s peculiar means of travel, unaware that it was in motion until it plopped onto a snow-laden path near a cottage. The cottage Sherlock had lived in as a child.
In the open doorway of the cottage, I gather my courage to go inside.  Never has the house seemed so empty.  Not before John lived here.  Not when I was so anxious (‘hysterical’ would be a more fitting word) wondering if he would return from a trip to the grocers.  Not even when he ‘moved out’ to teach me I would not stop loving him if he left.  Since living together we have not been apart for more than a few hours, and the thought of him being gone days, perhaps weeks, is incomprehensible.  It is as if I have been set adrift in a vast ocean alone, with no land in sight, experiencing a depth of solitude I never knew existed.
Spencer looked at the text; it was from a number he didn’t know. But he pulled to the side, stopping in a no waiting zone, and he looked around nervously. He didn’t need any more offenses on his record; then he’d lose his license for good.
“Blood loss…bullet…no permanent damage.”  ‘Must be doctors,’ Sherlock hazily deduced.
John’s hand rests on my leg.  This the first time we have declared our affection in public.  Not that placing one’s hand on a leg underneath a table in a near-empty train car can be called ‘public’, but nonetheless it pleases me.  I picture his strong hand sitting there, claiming me as his own.   Every so often he smooths his hand along the length of my thigh, giving it an affectionate squeeze before his hand once again lies dormant.
“One, I get to do this.”  He placed his hand in John’s and twined their fingers together, fearful John would pull away.  Relieved when fingers firmly clasped his own.
psychopaths.  You were wrong Sherlock.  With the proper information this is not a choice I would ever have made.”
“Yes. And it’s…it’s uhm…” Sherlock’s hand flayed in the air, as if that would help his recall.
This time, Sherlock held his tongue. Not everyone’s brain worked at the same speed as his own and, with John at least, he needed to learn the art of patience. An art that no doubt was going to be difficult to learn, but for John…
Leaving Laila waving to them from the doorway as they left, Sherlock heard her talking to herself. It sounded as if she said, “I think he’s found his match, he has.” He wondered about whom she spoke.
.  Nipping at Sherlock’s neck, he nudged him to lift his belly a few inches off the bed. Trailing his mouth along Sherlock until their lips met, Sherlock’s parted to gasp when John reached beneath him and took his lover’s cock in his hand.
John’s fingers drifted down to the base of Sherlock’s spine, stopping in between two small dimples that smiled above the rounded mounds of flesh that rose up off the bed, beckoning to John.
I feel him chuckle.  “You liked that, did you?”
“We have not much time left.”
Dropping the brochure off the side of the bed, he rolls toward me, his firm thighs pressing into mine as he brushes his hand through my hair, his fingers winding through my curls.   “Christ, I always wondered what these felt like.  I can’t tell you how many times those first years I dreamed of touching them like this.”
“I want to marry you.”
And at the end of each day, they had joined Colin and Aldus in their room to conceive the plan to catch Cedric.  As important as Cedric be, more importantly, they needed to move Sherlock into the jousting arena and back out again without revealing his true person.  Not one of the four men in the room felt the need to speak aloud why it be so essential.
“It’s here,” Sherlock exclaimed, an explosion of pictures peppering the screen, most of them undeniably matching the picture. He faced his mobile so John could see. “Says it’s a Muppet, whatever that is, and that it goes by the name Chip.”
“Oh, right. So when I opened the drawer and pulled her out (
Sherlock derided himself.
John turns from his computer.
“John,” Sherlock called out, pushing the hood off his head. He sucked in air, glad to be relieved of the confinement.
“John?”
Do not get me wrong, I do think, but now all I can think about is John.  I believe I have mentioned this complaint before and the circumstance has not improved.  Not one single bit.  It has been almost two whole days; one would think I would be over this aberration by now.  Not that I would be over being in love with John, I will go to the grave that, but that thinking about him takes over my brain, leaving no room for other important matters.  With my phenomenal mental capacity surely I should be able to compartmentalise my feelings for him and go on with the rest of my life unaffected.   But no.
“I did not get ‘antsy’.  I do not get ‘antsy’.
Later, entering our new bedroom, it is softly lit by the bedside lamp.  John is already in bed, propped up by pillows against the headboard, reading a book.  I glance at the title,
“The dead bloke.”
He felt his knees grow weak.  Jesus fucking Christ, he thought.  This couldn’t possibly be real, knowing that the wonder and unreality came not from marble coming to life, but from being kissed.  Being kissed, and well, by his flatmate. Sherlock Holmes.
“Yes, the world
“Ahh, John!  Fancy meeting you here.  Excuse me, I need to take out the custom pesticide I mixed.  I theorized that if I froze it for 2 days and 53 minutes it will reach maximum effectiveness for killing the digitalis purpurea infestation.
“Put down the axe, Sherlock.  NOW.”
“Not now, Sherlock…here it is.” ‘It’ is my mobile, not my penis; this development is even sadder than the dead pirate.
Sherlock.  The young man who covered up a kind heart with thorns, like a rose defending itself from harm.  In his place, Colin would have done the same, protecting himself from the hurt of a demanding life with no one to whom he could turn for solace.
Twas so very unlike himself, Colin mused.  Never had he been an impetuous man, and though when he be younger his mother had called him willful, more often than not he had obeyed what he be told. Even when he had chafed at the constraints.
Sherlock’s eyes burned, but with what John could not tell.  Did Sherlock not want him there?  Because he had stormed out yesterday, did Sherlock no longer trust him?
John.
“I will go make the preparations,” Sherlock said, leaving the men to talk alone.
I hold him closer as I fall asleep.
The “customers” too, had called Sherlock “beautiful”, but there had been a hard glint in their eyes, his beauty only for their pleasure.  And when they were finished sating their carnal needs, they had cast him aside without thought or care. John had not acted in such a way; he had asked Sherlock to ride with them to London, for protection.
find him and he won’t be touching anyone again.”  The threat in his voice returned; I had had no doubt John would have hunted the man down and killed him should I have given the word.
Two months earlier, a beautiful, well-dressed woman identifying herself as government official procured his services for a ‘confidential project’.  Proud that his reputation landed him such a prestigious side job, he worked late into the nights and most weekend hours linking major internet connections traversing all of England.  Strongly hinted at by the official, when finished the network would be the model for the rest the globe and make him an international star in his field.   She also alluded to a special announcement that was to be made.
“No, Simon’s; he left it behind at the pub. I was a few tables away, and it looked like Sherlock was watching one of those videos he’s been getting, and he looked… he looked absolutely wrecked, John. He wouldn’t talk to me on the way back, and actually, we’ve been walking around for the last couple of hours. He said he needed to
On the face of it, to touch someone seems a very inconsequential act; to lay skin upon skin is nothing other than the meeting of two like biological substances.  Something ordinary.
Sherlock had no need to be told what ‘it’ was.
“Sherlock!”
“Yes, a bit of a surprise, is it not, me looking to Mycroft for relationship advice.  But he is the person most like me who I know, so I thought he might have insights, well, particular to my sensibilities.”
I smell mold in the air.  It is not surprising since there is no ventilation in the room, no… dungeon.  Small rivulets of water are running down the side of the cracked concrete walls.  I saw them in the daytime when there was enough light to do so.  It is totally dark, now; they do not pay for lights down here. Prisoners are not worth the cost of the electricity.
Quickly meeting Dr. Juma’s eyes, Andi said, “Person 1.” Hooking her hand under Rose’s collar, Andi sprang to her feet.
I wait until I have his full attention. And when he looks at me, his expression implacable, I say, “I want you to make believe I’m John.” No, best narrow that down. “I want you to react to whatever I do as if it were John who is on this date with you.”
Finished with his saddle, he stepped onto Cedric's laced hands and hoisted himself atop his mare. Patting his horse's neck, he whispered, "Come on, Jocelyn, let us find him, see he has come to no harm. I shall not rest until we do."
John rolled over, his back to Sherlock.  The conversation was over.
easily.”
“No-o-o-o.  The pirate.”
“Ahh, that you do love, that you do.  And you always will.”
Cedric stood up and, turning toward John, blinked. “You cannot be serious.”
Sherlock continued.  “So you’re telling me that if, say, one day you’re lying about watching telly and I came over and asked you to kiss me, you would have?  You’d have just said ‘Sure, Sherlock!  Have a good go at it’.” Sherlock looked at John expectantly, daring John to contradict him.
The feel of Sherlock’s warm, moist lips moving on his palm made John shudder.  It was if someone had tapped into a nerve ending that spread all the way through him, electrifying the entirety of his body.
Rose.
“You were awake before I got out of bed, weren’t you?” he asks, his breath still hot against my ear. “You know where your hand laid, don’t you.”
“As I see you have nothing worthwhile to add
It was a conundrum, and not the type he enjoyed solving. He sat back down.
“No, Mrs. Hudson, you didn’t do the wrong thing. That was Andi, a nurse’s aide.”
As if he remembers I am here, he clears his throat and turns his attention back to me, his eyes roaming the features of my face.
(See the end of the chapter for
A clean-shaven jaw, smooth and fragrant, begging to be kissed.
I have lost.
“Of course, you will.  It’s a long drive so we can visit every month or so.  Or if you’re in the city, feel free to pop in.  As long as I’m home, that is.”
John takes me in his arms.  “I love you.”
His beauty is otherworldly when he scowls, but with flushed cheeks and with lips parted as if in invitation, well… I’m thinking thoughts that could not be spoken aloud in public.
But she couldn’t take it back. What’s done was done. And feeling relief at
“What’s going on, Sherlock?”
“My back.  My back went out.  Shit.  This hasn’t happened in ages.  I’ve been doing the exercises just like the therapist said.  All I did was get the milk out of the fridge, felt a pinch in my back, and now here I am.  I can’t move Sherlock.  I can barely breathe.”
You would have been as taken aback as I, seeing Mr. Holmes walk through the door. As I have said, I know nothing of him personally, but from what I
Unfurling herself, Andi grabbed her mobile.
His heart racing, Sherlock strode to the door. His foot hitting the hard surface when it didn’t open automatically, he put his hands out to catch himself.
John groaned.  He did not want to move, to do so would only make the hooves pound harder, but his bladder told him that if he did not rise and relieve it, he would embarrass himself.  Light stabbed at his eyes when he opened them, and he quickly shut them.
Round and round his thumb draws little circles on me.
His face growing pale, John turned away.
John sighed in resignation, there really was no way of getting around this.
“Of course
John’s hand lies on mine.  Not unusual.
“Yes, I’m a sodding twat; I believe those are the words you were looking for.  So, if you agree, we will take the luggage and boxes back in, we’ll talk about how you can get your thinking powers back, and
Rose sat.
“I do apologize for startling you,” Mycroft said, rising to his feet.
Thrusting his cock into Sherlock’s hand, his heart pounded wildly in his chest; he feared he might at any moment have a heart attack.  And just as he was about to explode, for some inexplicable reason his brain started working again and he pulled away from the detective, panting heavily.
or if I am truly in pain
I lick my lips.  I do not like the hue on his face; it is not becoming.
“You tricked me! You, you…”  I am not good with colloquial insults.
I love him, my love for him just
“Honey.
And now, because of his stubbornness and because of an accident that might or might not be random, both he and John had been robbed of time together.
“You show no physiological signs of food or sleep deprivation.” Ella went on as if Sherlock had not said anything. “You took a considerable amount of time to decide if you have had such difficulties before, and now you’re drumming your fingers; you seem nervous. Why is that?”
until now, at least. The John who, while sometimes irritable, Sherlock had been able to make smile with a particularly clever deduction or a succinct snipe at Mycroft.
“Where do we go?”
Following him when he moves and draping blankets over him so he will not be cold, I sit in the chair near my beloved.
The blood in his veins pushed at him. Pushed at him.
“But, John.”
~~**~~
And Sherlock didn’t want to ask, didn’t need to ask.  He had seen the haunted look in John’s eyes, the limp, the jagged scars at the edge of his hairline and on his jaw, and though he hadn’t seen the pictures Mycroft had spoken of, he could only imagine the horrors John had gone through.   A rage started to build in him that anyone had dared touch this good man in such a way.
"What? Yes, of course, I am," Sir John lied. "Go on. What do you think is better than the herbs?"
“You said it, love, I didn’t.”
Three-thirty in the morning and his mobile is ringing.  This cannot be good.  In his hurry to answer before it goes to voicemail, he doesn’t have time to look at the screen to see who has called.   John puts the mobile to his ear, “John Watson”.
“Sherlock!”
He couldn’t help letting out a sob as he recalled the horrors of being captured by the sadists who called themselves patriots.  Almost every night he relived those five days in his nightmares.  And cruelly, far too often the memories came to him in his waking hours, always catching him off guard in their vividness.  He could almost feel the kicks to his head, the deep cuts to his legs that drew enough blood he was surprised he hadn’t bled to death, the waterboarding (thank you Guantanamo Bay for
“Where’s Sherlock? Dr. Rudikov has agreed to administer him a sedative. That will help ease him along, keep him from causing trouble whilst we transport him to hospital.” Removing his gloves (
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock?”
“JOHN!”  My voice is rough.
Once again I feel the live wire connecting to my body.  As I tense and start to flee, John grabs my hips with his hands, their assertiveness compelling me to stay.
John…
Sherlock walked over and stood where he had called John on his mobile, looking down at the buildings below him, the wind whipping his hair and coat as it had that day.  The fact that the bright sun didn’t compare with the gloomy sky of his memories did little to soften the sadness suddenly hitting him.  So much was lost that day.  Too much.
“How can thou be so stupid?” Sherlock snapped.  “Tis not that I do not love thee, tis that I did not know I be able to love two people at once.  If I let myself love Laila, then I be afraid I would lose the love I have for thee, and that I cannot,
Something unnamable inside Sherlock told him he didn’t want to lose proximity with this unassuming man.  Not just yet. There was something… something about his very presence that put him at ease in a way he had never been before.  He wanted to feel that ease just a little bit longer.
solutions (for example, embalming fluids), and th…” the deep voice droned.  The recitation of facts not the least bit interesting to John, he tried to ignore what he heard.  But so well-conditioned was he to Sherlock bouncing ideas off of him, he couldn’t help but respond.
“Do not hyperventilate, John.  Please.”  I am at a loss as to what to do for him; seeing my John in pain makes me hurt, too.  I start to breathe heavily along with him.  My back starts to ache.  A moan escapes me.
I squint at him; he is unaware of the daggers I am throwing at him.
Nodding, John gives me a wan smile.  “Now I am.”
At first John is as befuddled as everyone else. His words tell me, “We’re in the middle of an interview, Sherlock…” but his eyes say he would rather be anywhere other than here.
Pretending to study the pattern on the coverlet, Millicent dropped her eyes, unwilling for him to see their melancholy.
I open the door and see him sitting in a chair.  Just sitting, doing nothing but staring sightlessly at the blank screen of the telly.  His elbow leaning on the armrest, his head is propped up by his thumb and forefinger as he does when he is deep in thought.  I realise no quick comment comes to mind as I think ‘deep in thought’; I have lost my desire to disparage him.
“Sherlock, we can stop this anytime you like.  This isn’t a punishment or a way to hurt you.  Or me, for that matter.   We agreed that we want to deepen our physical relationship and to do that we need to well, uhm, find your libido.  But if it’s going to tear us apart in the process, then it’s not worth it.  I meant what I said, I will be with you no matter what, sex or no sex; a lack of orgasms is not worth losing you over.  I love you.  Whatever you want to do, or not, I will be right here by your side.”
A nudge at his back pushing him forward, Sherlock planted a foot down.  “Why did you do that?”
“Really, John?” His voice dripping with disdain, Simon let the curtain fell back into place as he turned. And taking the weapon from John, his handling of it was expert and respectful; he’d been nearly as good a marksman as John. “Yeah, I saw you get it out; of course, I did. Grey day, reflection in the window. I know you always thought I was a bit of a dull twat, but it’s the quiet ones like me who see everything. Cliché, but true. Anyway, what’s the point of getting your extra sidearm out? You’re strapped to a
The person on the other end lets out a deep breath and clears his throat.
Almost whispering, I say it again, “I need you, John.”
And as soon as he’d pulled himself upright, Sherlock froze, horrified.
And then it stopped. Sherlock had pulled away.
Or gone rogue?
“And he said it is the same with you and me, that I can trust you to know, even if I do not.  At least not yet.”
“Twas I who sent for her.  When you said you were going to enter the tournament, I—I thought it folly, and likely you would not make it out alive.  I wanted her to see you, and you her, in case all did not go well.”
“Not only is he not at all bad, but I’m pretty sure he’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me. Sounds crazy, I know! But he’s mercurial and charming and he doesn’t care what people think, and he just – Oh hell, I’ll just say it. I’m in love with him. I’m full and properly in love for the first time, and I couldn’t sleep last night, I was so, uhm so. I was so damn happy. I never thought it could happen so hard and so fast And yeah, I know the difference between love and lust. Lust, I’ve felt plenty of times. This is way, way more than that. He’s like a drug.”
John picked up his mobile. Had he dreamed the text alert, or had it really gone off?
The moment our lips touched, I felt tension leaving my body, my agitation seeping out my pores.  Good work, Doctor.
“What if I—”
“The French are the most renowned lovers in the world and I want only the best for you, John.”
Sherlock pivoted the screen so John could see, already itching to resume the video. He had to find out what else the MOD and NSC knew about Simon. He hadn’t much faith in their ability to find a missing lab rat, let alone a killer
Sherlock nodded yes, his thoughts already shifting elsewhere. He wanted to see John, keep his unspoken promise of not leaving him alone, but that would have to wait.
Telling John, “Come and get it,” Sherlock continued to flex his well-developed muscles until he got what he wanted.
He took a fortifying breath and went on.  “When you died, it was hard… yes.  Very.  Seeing Ella got me through it.  Life became…if not good again, at least tolerable.  Then…then I met Mary.  I loved her Sherlock, I truly did.  Not in the ‘soaring over the moon’ kind of way, but it was comfortable and easy, and she made me laugh; she made me feel alive again.  I knew I’d found a good thing and thought, you know, ‘this is meant to be.’
He couldn’t say it hadn’t been heart stopping when he had concluded that disc 792 had been removed from its host. If the disc were to be traced back to him, he would never be a free man again; he would be locked up for life. And it really would be a pity; he was
On my palm.
As enticing as the offer is, I am entirely distracted by his declaration.
Glancing at his watch he saw he had several minutes before he woke her from her nap and readied her to go.  With no official time to arrive at his destination, he had taken the precaution of setting one himself.  If he hadn’t, he might not gather the courage to go.
Excitement.  Panic.  Joy.   It is all too much.
“Tis nothing to be done about it,” she said.  “Yes, it hurts still, but had that not happened I would not have you.  Out of every darkness shines a bright light.”  She held his hand, patting her leg with it to reassure him how important he be to her.  Yes, she would not have Colin had William not thrown her from the castle as if she were a dirty beggar, but why could she not have had both sons, together?  Twas a sadness from which she did not think she would ever recover.
Colin be moved by how Sir John handled Aldus’s concern.  He had heard that knights be arrogant, concerned only with their power and how to build more.  But not this one.   Sir John be firm, yet benevolent.  Kind.
“Who shot him?!
John’s smile has returned, his face barely big enough to contain it.  “
I clear my throat, getting John’s attention.  He turns and smiles at me.
The declaration Sherlock had made nearly a week ago echoed in John’s head, distracting him from his task at hand.  Instead of concentrating, he counted the times Sherlock had called him “Sir John” in the days since he told him it meant “I love you.”  57.  Coyly, John had decided on “Ily” for Sherlock, short for “
face, he would achieve the Gold Medal; he has perfected his execution to such a degree I am certain judges across the world would unanimously declare it a ‘10’.  The medal will look very nice in a glass case on our mantle.  I will take half-credit for it, of course, since John would not have been able to obtain it without my inspiration.
It must have been only minutes, but it felt a lifetime before John caught up with Sherlock and his captors as they marched toward the field’s outskirts.  Racing to the front of the small procession, John stumbled to a stop; he needed to slow, if not entirely block, them.
The grin I offer him is not forced.  It is easy to smile when I am around John, especially now that I am In Love.
The smile Aldus gave Colin be a sad one as he took the rest of the bedding.  “I will finish this up; you had best get back to Sherlock.  I know he and Sir John want to leave straight away.”
Sherlock started. “You know him?”
“No. If he did, I’d know. Besides, It’s quite rare that we’re not together.”
A soft breeze from the open window hit Sherlock’s neck as his collar was once again drawn away from his skin, followed by the pads of sure fingers lightly skimming along the surface of his neck.
…well, no, too many to count, but especially since my mum died he has become quite considerate of me.  He doesn’t always get it right, but just the fact that he tries shows how much I mean to him.
“Stop what?”
“Honey,” John says.  “You know how much I love being close to you, but it does make it rather difficult to text with your head lying on my chest.”  He shifts his arms to see the screen more easily, but I do not move; I am in no hurry to rouse myself from where I rest so comfortably.
Moving her hand from her mouth, Nika’s lips moved, but no sound came out. All she could manage was to wave in the direction of the microscope.
The deafening blast reverberated through the night, startling a nearby trio of birds into flight.
“These are beautiful, Sherlock.   Thank you, sweetheart.”
Years!  Bollocks.
Someone he had wanted to be near.
Clamping his mouth shut so as not to let loose any sound, he breathed heavily through his nose.  His hand moved faster and faster along his hardness, hastening his descent into a Sherlock-paved Hell, until a flash of white hot heat seared his brain and he released his need.  Gasping, a moan escaped him, and he prayed should someone have heard it they thought it one of the larger animals they had seen rambling through the forest.
~~**~~
I think.
~~**~~
Laila stood and, holding out her elbow, said, “Take me to my room, Colin?  Everyone be tired; it has been a long few days for all of us, especially Sherlock.  He needs his rest.”
“I think I may know, or at least we may have a way to find out,” Laila had said, kinder than he had deserved after disturbing her sleep.  She had told Colin of the friend Sherlock had been with when he called at their house asking for the ointment.  “Sir John, he said his name be.  A gracious man.”  Her face had glowed in fond remembrance of the man who had handled Sherlock’s prickliness with such ease.
Looking up from his book, Sherlock asked, “Feel better?”
“Who is ‘she’?”  I know of no living relatives of John’s apart from Katie.
Sherlock walked over to the window and peered through it into the dark night.  The bulb in the lamppost out front had gone out.  Coincidence? He wondered.  He examined the sill and window with his magnifier and after few moments of examination, tucked it back into his pocket, quickly leaving the room without saying a word.
Like fucking hell it is!
I interrupt him.  “SHOWER, John!”
Sherlock felt a compulsion to pace; it helped him to think. But he was already walking, and he certainly wasn’t going to waste time by walking in circles.
Just as planned, John hurriedly dismounted and ran to rescue Sherlock from Aldus.  Sherlock bit back his smile at his own cunning.
Mycroft ignored her observation.
you remember about that particular establishment and your visits there?”
No, John is the strong one.
He couldn’t bear the uncertainty any longer.
Sherlock shot back to his feet and loomed, grabbing a clump of hair and stretching Mayhew’s head back. Exposing his pale white throat.
“Gareth will be home soon, with Sherlock.”  Millicent’s voice strong, she willed her father not to cede his will to live.  “It will be just a little longer.  You can stay a while, can you not?  You are not so poorly, I know it.”  Her fingers worrying a fold on her dress, indecisiveness clouded her pretty face.  “Father?”
At least, he thought it a glorious day until he led them around the bend.
I rushed to my laptop, the original paper list having become ragged and too cumbersome to rearrange with ease.  Pulling up the file titled ‘SH & JW 4VR’ (Shut up!  It is the first time I have been, and the last time I will be, in love and I will be as gooey and goopy as I please, using any abominations to the English language I choose.  Besides, you would be gooey and goopy, too, if you were in love with John Watson.  Now, go away.), I hit ‘Control F’, key in ‘Vegas’, and there it is, number 187: ‘Take John to Las Vegas (Do
I know it is hard for her to leave after visiting him here in Wales. I honestly have no idea whether it is due to no longer having family nearby, or because of a maternal instinct to take care of her widowed father. My guess (and I so rarely guess) is it is a combination of the two.
Mum stood by, watching the exchange between the two men, watching the way her son’s fingers lingered as they tightened the knot beneath John’s chin.  Watching the way his eyes lingered on the doctor’s face.
I sit.
“Of course not! What I saw, he saw. That’s what I mean. Not everything, of course, but he has been part of every case I’ve worked on in the last two-and-a-half months, and there have been unsavory and powerful people who haven’t been fond of the outcomes.”
After about 15 minutes, during which Lestrade questioned the distraught wife further about her evening activities and oversaw Anderson’s investigation, Sherlock strode back into the house carrying long plastic tubing about 3 inches in diameter.  His face was flushed from the brisk early summer air and the excitement in his eyes told Lestrade this was an item of importance.
At every turn, he was getting the brush off. Every doctor who had anything to do with his case avoided—quite clumsily, in John’s view—the subject of his memory loss. If it wasn’t malpractice, it bordered on it.
did.  Shit.”
“Will someone tell
Flick.
“Beautiful,” John murmurs beside me.
With their conversations tapering off, the group of men moved quickly through the night and most of the next day, stopping only to relieve themselves and to see to the needs of the horses. Late in the afternoon, they finally found themselves outside the walls of London, the sounds of the vast city an assault to their senses after the quiet of the woods, the peacefulness of the valleys.
He watched again as the cabbie drove Central London and stopped in front of the house. Sherlock rewound the video, pausing when the cabbie looked down from where he had watched the door, presumably for his fare. The logo on his cap, where had he seen that before? Sherlock flicked through images in his head, a deck of playing cards shuffling by.
“Christ, I missed you,” he breathes against my lips, unbuttoning my coat and tucking his arms inside.
“And what?”
“Where does thou go?” John asked, dismayed, but he did not have to wait for an answer; twas but a moment before it became exceedingly clear where Sherlock went.  And why.  John, already half-erect, swelled further at the thought of Sherlock’s sinfully luscious mouth on him.
“You want to know the truth, you said.” Sherlock’s foot tapped the air, preparing himself for an uncomfortable but necessary conversation. John had the right to know.
“Brilliant!” Sherlock emailed the picture to John’s account, uploaded it into an image search, and hit Enter.
“We are going to take your things back into the cottage, unpack them, and then you are going to kiss me until I cannot breathe.”
“Did you miss me?  Did you miss me?”
Molly’s eyes sparkled, she couldn’t help the giggle that escaped her.
When he realized he was in love with John it came as a complete surprise.  Not so much that he loved John, but that he hadn’t
Disheveled, his hair be an untamed mess, his clothes filthy and streaked with blood, but never before had he been more beautiful. He struggled against the ropes that bound him, wild eyes frantically searching.
“Nothing, Sherlock.  Absolutely…nothing.”
“You all right, John?” Sherlock peered down at him, examining him as if he were a piece of evidence under a microscope.
Sherlock eased himself from his horse, concealing as well he could the agony of his feet touching the ground, unable to disguise a flinch as his tender back stretched in his descent. His gaze sweeping across the faces of three squires before settling back on John, he said, “In private.”
“Oh yes, right,” Sherlock said, his attention still on the dog, its pink tongue peeking from its mouth, panting. “It looks as if some water is in order. Come…” In the absence of a name to call the dog, Sherlock waved his hand along his side, hoping the dog understood what, to him, was a universal signal.
John.
Sherlock voice vibrated in his ear "Better?"
“Sherlock?”
“To protect thee, of course.”  Be that not plain to see?
On one particular morning, my chest pressed against my husband’s back and my hand on his hip, I listened to him sleep, felt the steady, gentle rhythm of his heart beating against me.  Pressing my lips to his shoulder, I pulled the sheet back up to cover him, loathe to leave his side.  But I knew I must do so else I was in danger of falling back asleep, and that I
“And what did Mycroft have to say about this? What was it that brought you back to me?”
I circle around the object sitting on the floor but cannot determine what it is.  I reach down to the bag, to take just a
And rooting through the bin an arm’s stretch away, he found the scrap of paper with Molly’s mobile number. He’d texted the wrong number.
John thought,
Mayhew picked up his pace as he approached the road, but his increasingly unrhythmic stride broadcast that he had expended the bulk of his energy.
“No. Andi, actually.”
I put my thumb in his mouth and he clenches it with his teeth.  A long moan follows it as his body tenses.  The mattress shifts as he continues, his strokes growing ever more long and slow, until they stop and a final moan escapes him.
John was the first to notice it.
“No!  God no!”   He lowers his voice as he realises his volume has exceeded what is acceptable in the ‘quiet car’.  I do not understand why he agrees with me with such vehemence when it was he who made the suggestion, but I am relieved.
John listened to the brothers’ conversation whilst puttering around the room, his attention on Sherlock.  On the excitement in his eyes, the graceful movements of his body.  And when, every once in a while, Sherlock glanced over with sparkling eyes and smiled, John knew that no matter how intrigued Sherlock be by whatever else went on around him, no matter how glad Sherlock be to have a family, John be at the forefront of his mind.
Sherlock unlatched the door, jumping out of the vehicle before it stopped moving. Still a block-and-a-half away from the flat, he ran, the soles of his shoes slapping against the damp pavement.
John fitted himself more closely to the warm body wrapped in his arms, wrinkling his nose at the loose curl tickling it.  In his sleepy haze he didn’t remember bringing anyone home with him the night before, but this was nice.  Very nice.
