He must’ve finally dozed off, because the next thing he knew he was coughing and his throat hurt and he wasn’t quite sure what was going on and he started to panic that he wasn’t able to breathe correctly. And before he could fully awaken and process this, he felt Cas’s arm behind his back, helping him sit up, and holding a cup up to his lips. “Drink, Dean. Your throat is dry and irritated. You’ll breathe a little easier if you take a sip.”
Dean flagged down the waitress. “Hey, can we get a scoop of ice cream for my boyfriend here? Sprinkles, whipped cream, all the good stuff.” He flashed her an adorable smile.
Cas had one arm up his back, tangled between his flannel and his t-shirt, pressing them close together. His other hand landed on Dean’s waist, still and uncertain at first, but then he shifted a little and his thumb brushed Dean’s skin just above his waistband and Dean felt like he’d been sent into orbit. He made a desperate squeaking noise and with immense willpower broke off the kiss and pulled away, holding Cas at arm’s length.
They did little shopping, some supplies for bullet-making, a few packages of astronaut ice cream, and a set of dish towels with bears and moose on them. When they emerged from the store, it was nearly full dark outside.
Cas sighed wearily. He wondered if he should follow her in, just in case, but that didn’t feel quite right. The bartender was already scowling in his direction. He wished Dean was here; Dean would know what to do. Perhaps he should call Claire and beg for her help, but the last he’d seen she was in line to go on the zipline and he didn’t want to interrupt her fun. He was still debating when he felt a breeze ruffle his hair, and Gabriel was sitting in the seat across from him.
It was chilly outside, colder than he’d been expecting. His feet complained about the cold stones of the pathway and the gritty pavement by the car as he unlocked the trunk and rummaged around the weapons compartment. He found the crinkle of paper and pulled it out.
It had been just after sunset when Sylvia had done the spell that had landed the wrong angel back from the dead and into her living room. Now it was just after midnight and the final scene of Much Ado About Nothing was playing on the TV. The coffee table was littered with beer bottles, glasses, and half-full bottles of flavored vodkas and peach schnapps. All the alcohol she’d had in the house, in fact. The remnants of a bowl of cookie dough was getting warm and oozy, and popcorn was spilled all over the carpet.
“You romantic sap,” Dean said warmly, coming up behind him. He slid his arms around Cas’s waist, pressed himself up against his back and dipped his head to nuzzle against his neck.
“I… so that means that you like me?” Gabriel asked, looking up at Sam’s face. Oh, he was so beautiful, all flushed and kiss-swollen lips and sparkling kaleidoscope eyes, sweet heavens those eyes! “I’ve been really, really stupid.”
“I sing a p-poignant love song and you tell the- tell the entire bar about your balls.” But a smile was twitching at the corner of his mouth, and in a moment they were both laughing.
They finished, and Dean picked up his flannel from the ground and wiped his sweaty, dirty face on it. He had forgotten that his phone was in the shirt pocket; it slid out and landed on his boot, and he bent to pick it up. Two missed calls from Cas. He swiped the dial icon with his thumb as he walked away. It looked shady behind the barn, perfect place to have a phone call out of earshot of Sam.
“Can’t imagine where else he’d be,” Dean said. “Maybe sitting somewhere quiet and Facetiming his girlfriend.”
Just like before, the bowl began to shake and emit a bluish-white light. But it was much, much brighter this time; she ducked away and covered her eyes. Dean threw an arm across his face and slapped his other hand across Castiel’s. “You’re human, dumbass,” he reminded him. As the light increased in intensity they both ended up turning away and ducking down.
While Dean dealt with his purchase, Sylvia browsed through the accessories aisle out of boredom. She ended up buying a beaded seat cover, glittery fuzzy dice, chrome skull-shaped tire plug covers, and three rolls of blue shop towels just because they were on sale. She put the new accessories on while Dean pulled Cas in for a kiss before holding the door open for him.
Cas had been taken away from him three weeks ago, sucked into that unforgiving void. Dean had pushed through the necessity of defeating Chuck, had gotten Sam and himself back home, and since then had gone numbly through, day after day, somehow continuing to exist. It hurt too much to let himself think or feel anything at all.
“No. Not at all.” He reached out to where Gabriel’s hand was resting casually on the table and slid his own underneath it, lightly resting their palms together. Gabriel sighed and brushed his fingertips along Sam’s wrist, sending delightful tingles through Sam. They looked at each other. Nervously, Sam licked his lips. “Gabe, I-”
“I’ll bet you’re so wet for me already, aren’t you? I’ll bet you want this so bad.” He bent down and sucked on her nipple, moaning with delight, and dragged his teeth across it.
Cas had the bulk of the early part of the song. What he lacked in pitch control, he made up for in emotion. Dean knew the song, of course he’d seen the movie a few times and he had a basic idea of how it went, but hearing those words of love and devotion coming out of Cas’s mouth, it was like he was pouring his heart out to Dean all over again. “Listen to my heart, can’t you hear it sing? Telling me to give you everything,” he belted out, and Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Cas was so earnest and open, and Dean cast a glance around the room. Just about every woman in there and a good handful of the dudes were entranced by him.
Cas looked at Dean softly. “When you’ve held someone’s soul inside of your very being, such that a part of you is branded upon them and you’ve seen every little facet of who they are, and fought the legions of Hell to save them, it’s hard to mind little things like poor table manners, questionable driving habits, buying the laundry soap that makes me itch because he forgets that I told him that that one made me itch, and putting ketchup on eggs, which I have since learned is an abomination in spite of what he had led me to believe.” He took a deep breath. “Though I do have moments.”
“I don’t want to be done with you,” she said. “I never wanted that. I told you I needed some time to clear my head. I thought you would understand that, like you did last time.”
It was flaming up rather well when the ghost showed up again. “Um, what the hell?” Dean exclaimed, after thrusting the iron shovel through it and disintegrating it again. “Wrong guy?”
“You too,” he said, shaking her hand and trying not to stare any longer than was polite. She was not at all what he’d been expecting. Short, messy hair that was growing back to brown after what must’ve been something teal or blue or maybe green but just looked washed out and blah. Crooked glasses, no makeup, kinda chubby. And unnervingly friendly. She was nothing like what he’d expected Gabriel’s ex to be. “Man, I owe you. Like, a lot.” He squeezed Cas’s shoulder.
“You have my full support, moral or otherwise,” she called over her shoulder as she walked out of the room.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course. Sam’ll be fine.” Dean scratched the back of his neck. “I- I- he will be, won’t he, Cas?”
When it finally stopped, Dean and Cas reached for each other, and after the brief wordless check, moved toward Sylvia. She laid on the floor, her arms up over her head, but she sat up when Cas tapped her shoulder. “Is it- did it work?”
“And now for our next performer, our very special guest, Candie Angelique! Hallelujah! She’s going to regale us with ‘It’s Raining Men’!” shouted the emcee into the microphone. The curtains parted and Gabriel stepped out onto the stage.
“It’s a very nice festival,” Cas said. “Even without any powers left, I can feel the amount of love and goodwill here today.”
After the final marching band went by, and then a straggle of random people who’d followed the end of the parade to the park, Sam said “Look, I ought to catch up with everyone else soon, but… I’d really like to spend more time with you today.”
“Oh, yeah. You can tag along if you like. Or you can stay here and watch TV, whatever works for you. I guess I could skip it but…”
“And I can take all this stuff and stash it in the car,” Dean offered. He gathered up the game prizes, and the swag bags Cas had been carrying, and Cas grabbed his face and kissed him. “Have fun, okay?” Dean whispered, chasing his lips for another peck before letting him go.
“You okay?” Dean asked. “Was that- shit, I should have asked if you wanted me to pull out first,” he said, his voice thick with concern.
After eating his disappointing eggs, Castiel cleaned the kitchen once again, and then he stepped out onto the back deck. It was a lovely spring day, and he wandered around the back yard. Sylvia’s yard was a spacious sprawl of small trees and shrubberies with grassy paths between. There was a gurgling fountain nestled between the deck and the door to the basement, and bird feeders and bird houses everywhere. He took a lot of photos with his new phone of the prettier views of the yard before thinking that perhaps Dean might enjoy another selfie. He experimented with this feature for a while, sitting on a bench with a flowery cherry tree behind him, until he managed a photo of his face that he hoped captured him at his best. After a moment of doubt, he finally hit send.
“And here you are drinking alone in a gay bar,” Gabriel mused. The bartender returned with his drink and he took a big sip, waggling his eyebrows suggestively at Sam.
“Last I knew, we were an occasional hook-up. I offered to stick around more - I thought she wanted more - she says, no no, I don’t wanna keep you from doing your thing. I say, okay - I mean I do have work, duties to attend to, you know. I have a role in the universe and I’m feeling inspired to actually fulfill it, considering how everything is now with the kid and all. But Syl, what about
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said. He stood awkwardly for a moment. “Um. That was… a really good kiss, before, and-”
“She was performing a spell, trying to find Gabriel but apparently she had my feather instead of his. She’s been very kind about it. Given me food and clothes, let me sleep here, and-”
Castiel drifted off to sleep secure in Dean’s arms, and both finally got a much-needed good night’s sleep.
Once again, when Sylvia got up in the morning, Castiel had coffee ready. He was standing by the stove with a spatula looking ruefully into a pan of eggs with broken yolks.
With that thought firmly shoved to the back of his mind, he headed back to the festival and soon found Claire and Kaia waiting in line for the portable zip line.
Dean’s lips twitched into an amused grin. “You, um. If you find one of those, sweetheart, let me know.” He turned around to dump the handful of peppers into the pan. “Wanna crack those eggs into the bowl and whisk them?” he asked. “Gonna make some kick-ass scrambled eggs.”
“Cas…” Dean said helplessly. He reached out toward Cas’s face, brushed his cheek with a thumb. Cas sighed and relaxed toward him.
When they could finally pull themselves together again, they took turns at the sink splashing their faces with cold water, and ventured out into the bunker. Sam hadn’t texted Cas back yet, and he didn’t seem to be home.
“Gabe, I had no idea.” Sam drew a shaky breath. “And I… I guess when you tried explaining why you did what you did at Mystery Spot… I started to think that maybe you weren’t all that bad, just messed up about some stuff.”
She bit her lip and looked into those eyes, shining golden-brown even in the poor light, and it was all she could do not to say
“What kind of question is that?” Dean muttered. He looked at Cas, hopefully far enough ahead that he couldn’t hear. Not without ultra angel hearing anyway.
“Stir your eggs!” Sylvia said, laughing. The pan was smoking a little and when he dragged the spatula through them they were browned and crunchy on the bottom.
Cas grasped his erection and stroked his hand up and down it, thumbing over the tip. He licked and stroked, teasing for a bit before letting him into his mouth. He grasped Dean’s balls gently in his hands, caressing and carefully squeezing - Dean really seemed to like that, he made a note to incorporate that more into his repertoire.
They went to the alcohol truck with the shortest line and Dean bought a round. They found an empty park bench and sat together, Sylvia between Dean and Cas, and told the whole story.
Human eyes didn’t see very well in the dim light from the distant streetlights. He opened the car door to make the light come on, and sat on the seat to see what it was that Dean had been so eager to keep from him.
“Let me see those arms, sweet cheeks.” He reached out and healed the slashes on both of her forearms, and then smoothly swept her into an embrace and kissed her soundly.
Once they sat down to dinner, Castiel said, “I feel like you listened to me go on about myself, and about Dean, at great length already. I would like to hear more about you this time.”
“Actually yes. It’s one of my favorite things… he’s often very happy and carefree when he’s behind the wheel. I love those moments.”
“I have no doubt that he did. He’ll never fail to save the world, my Dean.” He looked at the phone, the keypad numbers taunting him, and a little smile quirked at the side of his mouth.
“Huh,” was all Dean could think of to say. He watched the crowds of kids chase each other around, while others sat at a table gluing Fruit Loops onto paper to make rainbows and stringing colorful beads onto yarn. Parents pushing strollers, chubby toddlers waddling at their sides, kids whining and pulling hands to go see the balloon animals and the duck pond game. It was just like any other little local carnival, just a lot more rainbows and stuff.
“You give me too much credit for not being a dumbass,” Dean said. “I figured I had zero chance whatsoever. I mean, you’re an angel and you’re gorgeous and I probably look like a potato right now and…”
“Well okay, it wasn’t funny then,” Dean said. “He kicked your ass pretty good. Brothers, huh? I was pissed.” He told Sylvia all about the TV shows that Gabriel had put them through, about finally outsmarting him.
“No,” he said. “Fuck. I think I’m… I feel like I’ve been through a rock tumbler. I think I might be human, though.” He scrubbed his hand over his face and finally opened his eyes. They were a startling, impossible shade of blue. “Hello.”
“Cas, maybe just-” he glanced over and saw the corner of Cas’s mouth twitching. He sighed in exasperation. Cas was way too good at winding him up.
Castiel looked at the photo of Dean for a few minutes, then looked through the rest of his messages. Sam had sent him a hug emoji and said he’d see him soon; he was staying at Eileen’s place for a while. Jack had still not answered. Claire had just sent an eyeroll and said -Call me sometime, dork-
“Yeah, of course,” Sylvia said. “We should all get out of here, I imagine.”  She tossed some money on the table and they headed out to the street.
“Him?” she said in confusion. He nodded and glanced away, shame-faced. “Is this why you wanted to come here this weekend? Are you trying to explore who you are? Because… that’s okay, and I don’t want you to feel bad about it, okay?”
And then Gabriel noticed Sylvia, and Cas, with his arm around her, glaring at his brother as if his eyes could bore holes directly through his skull. Gabriel moved to the other side of the stage and sang the rest of the song to another section of the audience, though he was nowhere near as animated as he had been. Afterward, he quickly ran off stage as the applause sounded.
“No thank you,” Cas said, gathering up packets of butter and syrup, a banana and an orange, and the carrier with the two coffee cups. “I should take this upstairs.” He bolted out of the room toward the elevators.
He didn’t have the advantage of alcohol in his system this time, so he was running on pure passion. He looked at Cas as the song began. That was enough.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he was alone in the bed. He could hear the shower was running and the gentle sounds of Cas moving around in there, the muffled thumps and squeaky footfalls on the floor. When he emerged a few minutes later he was clean shaven, clad in only a towel loosely around his waist.
Their next stop was Cabela’s, and Dean was positively giddy about it. They played arcade games, shot in the shooting gallery, and Cas stood by patiently while Dean crawled into each of the display tents. Cas steadfastly refused to check out the tents with him. He knew exactly how that would end.
When he pulled back and opened his eyes, Cas was looking at him in shock. “There’s more where that came from, when you’re feeling better,” Dean added. “If you want.”
“If it’s to save your life, I’m sure any of us would,” Sam began. “Even me, but…” Sam trailed off, whatever he was about to say next lost as Castiel surged forward, cupped Dean’s cheeks in his hands, and kissed him. Really, really kissed him. Gabriel could see that Cas had taken the “open mouthed and passionate” thing to heart. There was definitely tongue action. Cas’s fingers threaded through Dean’s ginger locks, steering his head to the side to get in there deeper. He was pressed firmly up against Dean’s body, and Dean had grabbed him around the waist, under the trench coat, and was pulling him in closer. Gabriel’s eyes widened, and he and Sam exchanged a look. And then Sam’s eyes narrowed, and he scrutinized Gabriel with suspicion. Gabriel bit his lip and snapped his fingers. Dean’s hair reverted back to it’s usual color.
Cas squinted and tilted his head. “I think that’s probably meant to be a kind gesture, coming from Sam.”
“Might be fun to watch. I’ll bet the kids go nuts over that. Jack would-” The words had tumbled out before he thought them through. They looked at each other.
When Dean came out of the bathroom, Cas was already dressed, in snug black shorts that came to just above the knee, white sneakers with rainbow stripes on the sides, and a t-shirt that read “love is love.” Well. Half a t-shirt. It ended above his belly button. So much toned, tanned abdomen all on display. Dean’s eyes widened. He savored the vision of it, Cas in makeup and sexy, revealing clothes.
After the song, Dean exited the stage to applause, and people leaning in and telling him “great job” and “that was fun!” all the way back to his seat. He sat back down next to Cas and tucked an arm around his shoulder.
The humans were still sleeping. He could feel the gentle hum of their souls, all warm and fuzzy and ensconced in nice dreams. Perfect chance to begin. He snapped his fingers, just a tiny exertion of his grace extended toward Dean. Harmless, really. He had only to wait. In the meantime, he had some typing to do.
“Dean, don’t be ridiculous,” Cas chided. “We should hurry up. We said we’d meet them at 9.” He picked up his flower crown and settled it on his head.
“Would you like to cook breakfast with me again?” he asked. “I thought I might try hash browns this time. Sylvia and Gabriel will no doubt be hungry.”
“Dean, I’m fine. I don’t require clothing at all. Just put it on.” That statement short-circuited Dean’s brain thoroughly enough that he simply did as he was told and put the coat on. “As far as shoes, I do believe I still have the running shoes that Jack chose for me at the mall. Let me go get you those.”
“Yeah, it’s.. I like it. That one, uh, might be a little weird in front of other people, but just us, it's kinda nice.” They had arrived at the car, and he popped the trunk and stashed the shopping bag inside, then went to open Cas’s door. That was new too, he never would have opened the door for him before, but the impulse of chivalry toward a romantic partner took over.
“A real kiss, an open-mouth kiss of passion and affection,” Sam continued to read, wincing. “Preferably with- with tongue action.” He scowled in disgust and tapped at his screen some more. “Yeah it’s really weird but a bunch of other hunters concur. The only ones that lived...”
“We never should have dragged you into that. I’ve had a lot of time to think about it since then. Sure, we saved people, but that doesn’t justify how we treated you. I am sorry, for my part in that.”
“I really am sorry. Not cool of me. Ironically, it took your brother to talk me into not being such a dick.”
“Okay but like… did you ever think that when we met Claire that she was… like she just seemed like… normal, you know?”
“He- no, he doesn’t wear it anymore, but when we first met, he did have a leather jacket. No motorcycle, no, but a very nice car.”
When Cas came, Dean swallowed down every drop and then pulled away, gasping for air. “That was fucking awesome,” he said giddily as Cas stared at him in wide-eyed wonder. He sat back on the other side of the seat as Cas adjusted himself, licking his lips and grinning, and rubbing himself lazily through his jeans.
Sylvia blinked. “Great. Wow. Glad I’m an agnostic, I guess. Um. Can I offer you something to eat or drink?”
As the worst of the flood died down, he whispered Cas’s name, over and over again, rocking back and forth with the coat pulled tightly around him. He could smell him on the coat he hadn’t worn in years, on the bed he’d never slept in. He could feel Cas all around him, wrapped through the core of who he was. How could he keep existing without Cas here, when so much of him was tied to Cas? “Cas, I’ll find you. I’ll get you out of there, I swear I will, or I’ll die trying,” he gasped through his tears. “I can’t, I can’t, I can’t. Can’t let you go.”
Stephan was closest to the stage, and he went over and fetched them a stack of slips, pencils, and one of the song books. The DJ went through his introductory spiel, then sang a warm-up song. Song slips started piling up on his table. Two girls in tank tops and ripped jeans were the first ones called up and they sang a Beyonce song. “I like this one,” Cas said into Dean’s ear. He was on his second beer, and Dean suspected that he didn’t exactly know his alcohol limits as a human yet. He was absolutely adorable.
“Well I’m ever upper class, high society,” Dean began, trying to affect the accent as best he could. “God’s gift to ballroom notoriety.”
“Oh come on, Cas! I’m not ordering- ugh! I’m just- I’m trying to keep shit from getting worse. It’s not ordering anyone if I don’t even tell them.”
Cas thought about it for a moment, and then his eyes widened. “So the carnival worker thought that I was saying that you didn’t like-”
“The honeybees were very cooperative in allowing me to have some, in gratitude for getting their hive back.” Dean looked at him quizzically. “I, uh. I destroyed the wasps,” Cas clarified. “The honeybees were able to move back in.”
“He’s been driving for days. You’re both welcome to stay another night. Besides.” She grinned and poked him in the shoulder with her finger. “Kinda like having you in my hair. I’m gonna miss you when you go.”
While he waited for this ritual to be completed, he had some time to think about something that had been bothering him most of the day, ever since he’d helped Dean clean up from fixing the car. He’d known Dean long enough and well enough to figure out when he was trying to conceal something. With jokes, distractions - the kissing was new, of course. But the way he’d dodged the issue could only indicate that it was significant. Castiel went back into the bedroom and slipped the car keys from Dean’s pocket.
Dean felt his body begin to tremble, and he started crying. He pulled the coat off the hook, wrapped himself in it, and laid down on the bed and let the full-body sobs overtake him. It felt like hours as he sobbed brokenly and let himself feel the full measure of his loss.
“I understand. I do.” He raised Dean’s hand to his lips and kissed it, and Dean felt his heart go all warm and gooey.
The thunk of Sam’s giant boots came down the stairs, followed by the much quieter sound of Eileen’s footfalls. Sam made a beeline for Cas and crushed him tightly in a hug.
“I am sorry about your grace,” she said. “I don’t know what went wrong, maybe Sergei was wrong and that was your feather he sold me? If there’s anything I can do to help you get your grace back, to get you back to where you were, I’ll do whatever I can.”
Sylvia dashed up the stairs and rummaged through her drawers. Being a short, thick girl with curves galore, she didn’t exactly have clothes for hot muscular dudes around, but she managed to dig up a pair of navy blue sweats with her high school sports team name on them, and a t-shirt that was a few sizes too small to squeeze over her chest these days. She also grabbed the least girly socks she could find and a big pullover hoodie with a software company logo on it that had been a freebie from the last trade convention.
Dean swallowed hard. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sorry, I guess I just… started falling for you and before I knew it… look, I’ll never mention it again if you-” He was cut off by the feel of Cas’s lips pressed gently against his. It was a short, soft kiss, and before Dean could really believe it was happening, Cas had pulled his lips away again.
“It’s getting dark,” Dean whined, rubbing his forearms with his hands. The friction against the soft blue flannel did little to warm him up.
Dean set his beer down and scrubbed a hand across his face. With a swagger he stepped closer to Cas, their faces just inches apart. “Thinking about that blank check,” he said, his voice sultry. He glanced at Castiel’s mouth.
Breathlessly, Cas mouthed down Dean’s collarbone, sucked on the salty skin, and then headed lower. Licking and sucking his chest, then down to the softness of his stomach. He placed dozens of kisses here, murmuring how beautiful Dean was. As he got lower, Dean’s whimpers and moans grew louder and more desperate. “You like this?” Cas whispered. “Shall I take these off you now?” He brushed his hand across the soft cotton underwear still covering Dean’s hip.
In the morning they woke up already horny and humping each other in their sleep. With little finesse, they rolled around together until Dean was on top of Cas, hands clasped together on either side, and they thrust until they both came messily between them. Afterwards they showered together and headed back toward home.
“I did- oh I’m sorry! I didn’t even think to give it back to you!” He gestured toward the kitchen table where her phone laid. “I did call him.”
When Sam returned hours later and poked his head in the open door of Cas’s room, Dean was still wrapped in Cas’s coat and lying on his bed, sniffling and crying quietly. He sat up as Sam came into the room, and Sam sat next to him on the bed and put an arm around him.
“Me too, Dean,” Cas said. He thrust against him as they moved their hands together. They found a rhythm together, and soon their kisses grew more frantic, shorter, and sloppier. “I think… I’m close,” Cas groaned.
“Good, I spoke to him this morning. He stopped in Springfield, Illinois overnight. The car is behaving a little strangely, but he’s certain that he can coax her to behave.” Castiel smiled fondly and stared off into space, as if he was seeing Dean’s face and not the side of the refrigerator.
Dean grabbed one of the slips and scribbled something on it quickly, then strolled up to drop it on the table. When he came back, Sylvia leaned over. “What did you pick?”
Oh, there it was. Cas flushed an adorable shade of red. Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen Cas blush before, and he wondered if it was something that his grace usually kept in check. Then he started wondering if the things he said ordinarily made Cas inclined to blush. “I don’t think that will be necessary, Dean. But if your shoulders are uncomfortable, certainly I’ll assist.”
“Fickle,” he grumbled, with a twinkle in his eyes. He grabbed the crystal candy dish and headed up the stairs with it. “To make up for it you can suck me off while I eat m&m’s. Then I’ll spank you for your naughtiness.”
He shrugged. “Must have been a powerful spell. You were looking for Gabriel and he’s… did you not know?”
“Babe, I don’t know if you really haven’t noticed, but virtually every guy here has been checking you out.” Dean grinned smugly and moved his hand from Cas’s hand to his lower back, relishing that he got to touch this warm skin so possessively. “And they don’t even know the half of it. I mean, yeah, everyone can see that you’re hot, but they don’t even know how awesome you are in every other way.”
They sat down on the grass next to the curb. Dean pulled Cas to sit in front of him, between his legs, and wrapped his arms firmly around him as Cas settled his head back against Dean’s chest. Claire and Kaia sat a healthy distance away from them and began making out while they waited. “Now who’s gross,” Dean muttered.
They ate quietly for a while, and then the conversation shifted to lighter things. Castiel told her all about the young man they’d raised, paternal pride rich in his voice. He’d texted Jack with the new phone number, as well as Dean and Sam and Claire and several other friends, but only Jack had not gotten back to him. Only Dean’s assurance that Jack was just fine kept him from worrying.
Dean reached her quickly, though it felt like forever as the seconds ticked on. The pond was perhaps up to his chest at the deepest, and he held her firmly against him as he walked them both out of the water. “Okay, you’re okay,” he kept reassuring her. “Let’s just get you to your sister.” Their mom was gone, one of the werewolves’ first victims, but at least the kid and her teenaged sister were going to be okay.
Dean heard a car door slam in the distance, and voices - Sam’s voice in confusion at first, then concern. Then footsteps running towards him. A shout - Cas’s voice, that was Cas! And then Cas’s hands were on him.
He tried to insert himself between them as they nudged their way into the row, but somehow Sylvia ended up between Cas and Sam.
“Don’t worry, I’m gonna take care of you,” he said. He held her knees with either hand and pressed them open and up gently, and this time he dove in with his tongue.
“A glass of water,” Cas corrected stubbornly. “At least tonight, Dean. You have far too many substances in your system already.” He set Dean’s boots neatly on the floor and pulled the covers up over him. “You’re sure you’ll be alright?”
Cas emerged from the bathroom a short while later, having washed his face and brushed his teeth besides. He pulled on clothes, faded jeans and a lime green t-shirt, wondering whether he should wake Dean up or simply go fetch coffee. Dean seemed deeply asleep, and he would certainly appreciate coffee upon waking. Cas took a keycard and his phone and slipped out to the breakfast room.
“Your coat, Cas. Toss it over!” Cas looked uncomfortable, but he slid his trenchcoat off and passed it over to Dean. Dean draped it around himself, pulling it up over his head, and laid his head on his folded arms on the table top, feigning sleep. “Tell me when she’s gone,” he hissed.
Gabriel looked down into his own glass. “Is there a possible outcome of this where you don’t ever want to speak to me again?”
Sam set the knife down. “Are you suggesting that- Dean, that’s pretty low! I thought you were better than-”
He slid his hand up inside Dean’s t-shirt to rub a thumb across his nipples - by now he was starting to understand exactly how Dean liked that, how it enhanced his pleasure. Coupled with other stimulation, it seemed to amplify everything. If he did this while swirling his tongue around the tip of Dean’s cock, flicking against that one spot, the noises he made were exquisite.
“Oh yes, that time that you were in life-threatening peril and you didn’t call me but you called Rowena,” Cas grumped. Oh great, he was in a mood now. Dean stifled the urge to kick Sam in the ankle.
Gabriel finished his story, and the three of them traded stories back and forth for a while before heading to the side room with the pool tables. They shot a few games together - just for fun; Dean wasn’t about to bet money against an archangel with a penchant for gambling. Dean tried to convince Cas to take a turn on the bull, but no matter how many drinks he poured into him and how much Gabriel joined in the wheedling, Cas refused. They were having so much fun that they were caught by surprise when last call came and it was time to head out.
“Well excuse me for being bisexual and single for most of my life!” Dean exclaimed hotly. “Just because that’s how things used to be don’t mean I’m gonna screw around on you, because I would do anything for love, but I won’t do that!”
By the time they got to Dean’s motel room a few miles away, the swollen eye had healed to just a few purplish-yellow bruises, the worst of the cuts were gone, and the broken bones seemed completely healed as well. But he still shivered in the night air when he stepped out of the car, and clutched Dean’s jacket around him.
“You taste good,” Cas said. He touched Dean’s cock again with his cool damp fingertip. Traced it around the head.
They went through toiletries and Castiel smelled all the soaps and shampoos and deodorants before picking out what he needed. Sylvia was comparing lipstick shades while Cas sniffed each bottle of facial moisturizer, when her phone began to ring.
“Love you so much,” Dean said warmly, slinging an arm around Cas and tugging him close. “We gotta clean up but I just need to hold you.” He pressed a kiss to Cas’s forehead. “Was… was that okay, babe?”
Sam gave him a bizarre look. “She’s like 20, I doubt she even knows who Ani DiFranco is. Dean, you’re being… but no, I don’t think that people have to live in some kind of stereotype because of their sexuality, no. Jeez.”
“Oh my god,” she moaned, sitting down hard on the sofa as her legs started to feel wobbly. It hit her, the magnitude of what she’d been messing with and how badly she’d screwed up. “Oh god, I’m so sorry! I didn’t mean-”
Gabriel was vaguely aware of Dean and Cas’s hasty departure as he pressed Sylvia up against the wall and adjusted her legs, pulling them higher around his waist so he could grind against her. Not that he cared; he would have gone for this with an audience. He kissed her hungrily and then drew back to look at her.
Cas hummed thoughtfully. He made eye contact with Dean, held his gaze and brought his fingertip back to his mouth and sucked the salty droplets off it, slowly this time. “I could, could I?”
“I’m not the only one getting a lot of attention, you know,” Cas said fondly, bumping his hip into Dean’s.
“You know,” she said. “It’s not even like I had any right to expect Gabriel not to... We were not exclusive, that was very clear, so… oh god, I totally blew up at him and it’s not even fair. I sounded like such a psycho bitch,” she moaned, leaning against Cas’s shoulder.
“No way,” Dean protested. “He doesn’t get another birthday until I get mine. And you need one too, come to think of it. Nah, I think the next thing we’re gonna do is Memorial Day. Grill some hot dogs. Watch a parade.”
Castiel sighed sadly and patted her shoulder as she cried and snotted and blew her nose and then snorted into further, ugly sobs. When at last she stopped crying and felt a little more calm, she said. “Still. I’m not sorry I was able to save someone at least. Did he like you? Did you like him?”
“Wasps,” he managed to say before dropping the phone and hunching over while trying to walk away. But his legs suddenly felt like blocks of wood, and his throat was itchy. He tried to call out for Sam but he could barely make a squeak as his throat got tighter and tighter by the second. Dean landed on the ground in a crumpled heap as the insects kept attacking.
“I also learned to cook and knit,” Cas said. “Sylvia taught me- oh! Sylvia! Dean, I was supposed to introduce you! It’s been hours, hasn’t it? Come on.” Cas jumped up from the bench and pulled Dean’s hand.
“Well, I was dead, so I don’t think I’d like that,” Castiel said ruefully. “But I do appreciate the offer. And yes, that sounds rather on-brand for Sergei.” He spat the name like a curse.
“Why do you have these, Dean?” Castiel demanded. He stood up, toe to toe with Dean, bristling with anger. “Why would you keep these from her? After everything-”
Cas made a face and scratched the back of his neck. “Fine,” he sighed. “While you do that, I propose that Sylvia and I find a bar. I believe that’s the traditional coping mechanism.”
“Aw, that’s sweet. But coffee’s all I need, so you’ve already done me a huge favor there. Feel free to find yourself something.”
Sam and Gabriel ended up down the west end of Main Street, at a hipsterish brew pub. The place had a small dining room inside, but a patio on the side of the building with much more space. Round black iron tables and chairs were scattered around with green striped umbrellas keeping off the blazing sun. The patio’s red bricks merged with the wide slate of the sidewalk along the front, the two separated by long, low planters full of marigolds.
Claire pulled out her phone and started searching. “Well here’s a list of the top ten gay bars in town. I didn’t think there would even be ten.”
The pub was quite busy, but one of the tables near the sidewalk opened up just as Gabriel walked up to the hostess, and they were soon seated over an appetizer sampler and cold beers. They settled in and chatted easily at first, skirting around the recent upset as they both let it sink in. Sam had long dreamed about something as simple as a date with Gabriel, sitting across from him at a table as the late afternoon sun glistened on his hair and made his eyes sparkle. For a while, he was distracted enough by that, but the nagging feeling that it was wrong crept in eventually.
Sam was quiet for a moment, overwhelmed and unable to process, his brain spun desperately. “What about that girl? That friend of Cas’s? That’s… you have a good, mutual thing going there, don’t you?”
“How about if you make me?” Dean fired back. Again, they stared into each other’s eyes. This time, Dean’s held a saucy challenge, and Cas rose to it by tackling Dean to the bed and pinning him facedown while he yanked his underwear down his legs. Dean yelped and squirmed in surprise at first, but he certainly did not want to get away. Cas was pressed against his back, his hard cock digging into his hip, and oh, did he want that. Cas’s hands roamed all over Dean, now that he was at his mercy. Dean stopped squirming and arched into the touch.
“Oh, so I’m not rational when you don’t agree with me? That’s just… that’s just frigging…” They stared angrily at one another, neither willing to look away or even blink. How many times had they done this, Dean thought, argued and stared? And every time, the desperate desire to lean into all that fury and passion and just-
“Gabe. Gabe, I do. I always think of you as mine, even though I know I have no right to try to- I thought
Sylvia and Castiel were drunk. They sprawled out on opposite ends of the sofa, each tucked under a fuzzy blanket. She had talked a little about her romance with Gabriel, and Castiel had talked for hours about Dean. Everything that was endearing about him, and everything that was infuriating. Every adventure, ever misadventure, every fight and drama.
Sylvia asked Dean to tell her about Gabriel, and  he hesitated for a moment, sipping his beer. “Well, we started out trying to kill each other,” he admitted. “But we got over that eventually. Nah, Gabe was a good guy in the end. He went through a lot of crap and came out swinging. I am sorry that he didn’t make it back.” He opened his mouth as if to say something else, but gave an imperceptible little shake and took another long sip of his beer. “Man, Cas, remember TV land?”
Dean fidgeted with his coffee cup. “Hey, so uh. I really hate to… after everything else you’ve done… if you need us out of your hair it’s no biggie, I can find us a motel but… thing is, I gotta replace my alternator before I can get us home, because my car just basically died in front of your house.”
He knew; in the back of his mind and sometimes even in the middle of it, it had settled in. What Cas said about him, how he saw him. The last remnants of Dean’s self doubt were hard to shake, but he knew, when he looked into his own eyes in the mirror and forced himself to be honest with himself, that he was worthy of Cas’s love. Dean shook it off and left the bathroom. Time to go find that angel and kiss him senseless.
“I gotta do some cleaning,” Dean said, wincing around as he pushed the door open. He hadn’t really looked at the room in weeks. It was far worse than usual. Beer bottles, food wrappers, trash, laundry. It was evident that he’d been barely hanging on. “I’m sorry.”
“I was going to give them to her!” Dean said. “Jesus, Cas. I just wanted to be sure. I couldn’t decide… kept going back and forth… is it wrong to interfere? What’s the risk? This stuff always ends up biting us in the ass. You know that!”
“It’s good to see you too,” he said warmly. She was looking rather more polished than her usual. Hair freshly colored, makeup, contact lenses. She was wearing a flattering pale blue halter top and white capri pants and delicate crocheted espadrilles that made her a few inches taller. Her left wrist gleamed with a golden charm bracelet full of protective symbols, including a few rather obscure ones that could only have come from an angel.
I missed you,” she gasped as he kissed down her throat. He lifted her up, wrapping her legs around his waist, holding her steady with no effort at all.
Castiel returned from the bathroom with the cold washcloth. “I understand if you wipe the face it may- Or. That,” he concluded as Sylvia dropped the icy cloth directly on his crotch.
“What? No!” Dean said. Cas gave him a skeptical look. “I dunno, man.” Dean fidgeted for a moment before stalking off toward the kitchen. “I’ve gotta stir the sauce.”
“I don’t think so,” she said. “Seems like Jack just sucked all his power away like a cosmic Capri sun. So he’s just some creepy old dude now. Though if I see him, I’m gonna kick the shit out of him anyway.”
“Shhh,” Cas soothed, bruising his cheek with a thumb. “It’s alright.” He leaned in and they were kissing again, softly and slowly this time. Kisses and tears mingled, he realized that Cas was crying too when he touched his face.
“What happened? Did you get yeeted out again - babe, I thought the Empty was pissed, I-” Dean coughed. “I wanted to save you but I didn’t even know where to start. Chuck is over. We won. Jack is… he’s the new.. I guess.. Man, I miss him, but he’s okay. Our boy did pretty good for himself.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Here he was babbling, and he’d sworn up and down, he’d promised himself over every fresh burst of tears, that if he ever got the chance again- “I love you, Cas. You could have had me all this time, sweetheart.”
“Sorry, dear. I’ll stop,” Cas said. “Should we try that Texas Steakhouse place for dinner? I don’t believe I’ve ever had a steak.”
They were told that it would be a 30 minute wait for a table, and given a pager. They found an empty bench just around the corner from the door and sat waiting, pressed close together on the tiny bench. Dean patted his pockets and pulled his phone out. “I should call Sam,” he said. “Wonder if he’s on his way back yet.” He dialed the phone and put it on speaker when Sam answered. “Yo, Sammy! What’s up? How’s Eileen?”
She made it around the corner and onto the stairs before she started crying, and onto the bed before it turned into full blown sobs. Was this grief ever going to let up?
“...the social pages say I’ve got the biggest balls of all,” Dean sang. That last shot had given him just the right amount of social lubricant to really get into this. “Sing along if you know it, folks! I’VE GOT BIG BALLS! I’VE GOT BIG BALLS!” He started dancing and waving one arm in the air to the rhythm. The crowd was getting into it too, most of them shouting along or giggling, and dancing in their seats. “...my ballroom always full, and everybody comes and comes again.” On this line he made eye contact with Cas and winked. Cas looked like he wanted to crawl under the table and hide.
“Ohhh,” Margo said, a note of disappointment. “Well girl, we gotta find you a man. You’ve been moping too long. Just about as long as I’ve known ya. I know someone broke your heart, but…”
and being so casual that it’s like we barely care about each other?” He squeezed his eyes shut. “Because that has been hurting. It’s like you don’t want me.”
It was a little awkward at first, but Sam put his hands on Gabriel’s shoulders, and Gabriel’s fingers curled around his waist, and they swayed to the music. Other couples, who’d been bopping and grinding to the club music earlier and hadn’t quite known what to do with this shift, soon joined them.
He immediately saw Cas shuddering, his head falling back. Instead of letting go, Dean's curiosity got him tugging even harder, making Cas gasp due to surprise and clawing onto his own Trenchcoat for support. The angel twitched, a small whimper fell from his lips.
Dean used the next few minutes to clean both of them, Cas was not really responding besides humming sounds but he looked so peaceful and tired that it didn't concern Dean.
Cas stared at him in utter shock, the blue eyes wide open and looking right at him. Dean breathed heavy, letting Cas go but supporting himself with his hands beside Cas' head on the car. "I have lost enough people I love, Cas. Don't add yourself to that list", Dean said finally, calmer and more quiet than before.
"Dean", Cas brought him back to reality, "can we just get to the sexual intercourse so I can put the clothings off again?"
Dean actually smirked at him, looking pleased before pulling back and going all businesslike, "ground rules. You do as I say. If you have a wish or a question you say something but you always call me either sir or master. If you want to stop or pause you tell me. If you disobey, I will punish you and you will thank me for it. Do you understand?"
Cas couldn't stop the small whine and pressed himself closer to the warm hands, "what are you going to do?", he asked with a thin voice, he felt so exposed even though he still had his pants and shoes on. Dean grinned and leaned in, Cas thought that he might kiss him for a second but Dean's face passed him until he could feel his hot breath on his ear.
Now closer than before Dean could admire Cas' heated cheeks and his blue eyes that were darkened by lust.
Cas moaned loud as his head was pulled back without a warning, the sharp tug making him shiver. Dean pressed a last, wet kiss on Cas swollen lips and went down to his neck, licking and biting himself a way. The angels bit his lip to suppress a yelp when Dean's teeth collided with his flushed skin and left a dark bruise.
"Yes, Sir", Cas answered, Dean's voice belonged to one of his favourite sounds from now on. "Such a good boy", Dean praised him like he did before, "the best even. The best I've ever had. You gonna let me play with you for a bit?"
Cas felt this wave overcoming him, his mouth opened but nothing came out of it, his dick twitched a few times before finally relieving himself over Dean's hand which stroked him trough his whole orgasm. He meanwhile tried to catch his breath, still feeling so far away, drowned by the pleasure.
He didn't have daddy issues. He wasn't a people pleaser. He definitely didn't have to get laid again.
"No, Gabriel", Cas sighed, sat on the couch with a laptop on his lap and his round glasses on the nose, "I already told you. It's a big project and Zachariah gave me the responsibility of managing it. It's a huge deal and I can't fuck it up. I'll go with you the next time."
Cas got home late the next day because he agreed on assisting Uriel with a task that was way to big for the two of them to handle normally. Gabriel's words still stuck to him and okay, maybe he really was a people please.
That however didn't stop him from teasing Dean a bit by licking the underside of his dick up until he could suck on the tip and hum in appreciation.
The room felt quiet again besides Sam's nosy snoring that Dean didn't even notice before. Dean was thinking about just turning around and getting some sleep but Cas still looked at him intensely.
"Uh, thanks", Dean muttered, almost kicked Cas accidentally as he felt warm hands wander from his chest downtown, "what the hell are you doing Cas?"
"Dean, I'm in the middle of a war!", Cas repeated for the millionth time already, Sam sighed loudly, "I can't leave whenever I want."
Dean had lost any sense of time, lost in the warmth feeling of having Cas exactly the way he wanted. Panting and whining from pleasure, clenching onto him in the backseat of his baby. The whole world seemed to be doing him a favour for once.
Dean licked his suddenly dry lips and reached out, hand carefully ruffled in the mess of Cas' soft hair. Cas let him, only watched him with an intense, almost insecure, look on his face. After a moment where Dean just felt the strains of hair tingle his palm, he clenched onto a good amount of strains and pulled carefully.
Dean frowns and reached for his boxers which really are clean again, "you really have some convenient tricks up your sleeve, Cas."
"Oh man", Dean closed his eyes for a second. This really was a new level of weird even for Cas, "alright", Dean set up his mind. If Cas would only shut up after his problem was solved then Dean just had to come up with a solution that wouldn't be too awkward afterwards.
"What?", Dean almost squeaked and quickly cleared his throat, "you what? Why?" Cas broke the eye-contact and licked his lips but didn't answer.
"Yeah, you kinda looked freaked out the first time", Dean huffed amused, just couldn't bring himself to stop pulling his hair.
Cas ripped the door open, "I'm not doing that!", he hissed angry, "father has nothing to do with it!"
"Me?", Cas repeated disbelieving, "Dean, I'm already an angel of the lord. I don't need to dress up to prove it."
"You make me feel better", Cas answered, eyes closed and body pressing closer to his hands. "Glad to hear that", Dean's low, soothing voice filled the air. "So calm", Cas continued absent, his head felt empty, "so good. Feel good."
Cas looked up into Dean's eyes and silently shook his head, "please stay", he asked uncertain, "that... I... do you do that with every sub?"
Cas didn't answer right away, "laying on a bed", he then answered mildly confused, "inhaling oxygen and exhaling carbon dioxide."
Cas's breath shuddered, he leaned in closer so that he could rest his forehead against Dean's shoulder, tucked under Dean's chin. The hunter had to gulp, really tried his best to keep his own dick from getting hard. Which failed just seconds later. He just had no self control at all when it came to Cas. "Damn it Cas", Dean muttered with his face in Cas' hair as the angel began to push his hips forward in the same rhythm as Dean's strokes. "What? Did I do something wrong?", Cas asked confused at Dean's comment. Their legs were intertwined at that point, Dean felt the pure heat because Cas seemed to cling onto him with everything he had.
Blowjobs were always a bit scary for Cas. He had received a few before, had given some before and he was quite alright doing it he guessed but he also knew that he got way too into it way too quickly and that it wasn't fun gagging or not being able to breath correctly.
The next slap brought him out of his own thoughts, his hips pushed forward and rubbed his crotch against the armrest, earning him a sudden moan. Fuck, he shouldn't enjoy it so much when handsome strangers would spank him halfway across his own couch.
"I... have no fucking idea", Dean muttered, the sound repeated itself in his head for the rest of the night.
Cas hummed, relieved at Deans words but also frustrated and sad that their 'session' was over. He couldn't stop wondering what Dean had planned on doing next to him and the thought made him shiver in upcoming lust.
"No, no. Hell no", Dean soothed him quickly, "you... you're doing good... man", Dean quickly added the 'man' so the sentence wouldn't be too intimate. Didn't really work out. "Thanks", Cas gasped, it was clearly getting harder for him to stay quiet, "you too. You have very soft hands considering your job."
A moment passed before Dean felt how Cas cuddled closer to him and accidentally rubbed his boner against Dean's thigh. Cas was definitely caught by surprise by the pleasure and moaned so loud Dean was afraid that Sam would wake up.
Cas moaned against the -now wet- fabric and nuzzled more against his crotch while his own boxers are starting to feel way to tight for his own boner but the rope around his arms kept him from just pleasuring himself.
"Fuck", Dean cursed, Cas looked up to him with big shocking eyes, "later okay? And don't tell Sam a god damn thing", he promised in a whispering tone and with a peck on the lips. Cas licked his red lips and nicked wordlessly.
"S-So is it over now?", Cas asked nervous, gripping his blanket. Dean looked at him again and nodded, "yes it is. I'm sorry for putting you into this."
"Jesus Cas, you need to learn better dirty talk", Dean chuckled, licked over Cas' bottom lip, his hands still on Cas' butt, kinda directing the pressure, "but yeah, me too, Cas."
His free hand reached for Cas' cheek and cupped it carefully, turning his head more into his direction so that their noses were almost touching themselves.
"You can't just 'perform manual stimulation' while I'm right next to you! Dude, we share the fucking bed!"
"Uh, yeah, basically", Dean answered, "and you don't do it with your friends, buddy." Cas squinted his eyes at that, looking down at him as if he was calculating something.
"Please, Cas", Dean interrupted the angel. He knew better than anyone else that Cas was quite lazy when it came to sex. As soon as he has experienced pleasure for the first time all he wanted was to just lay around and enjoy it while Dean had to do most of the work. It was quite amusing so Dean didn't really do anything against it most of the time.
"What?", Dean breathed out, "you wanna have sex with me? That's what the whole 'I'll touch you while you sleep' thing was about?" Cas nodded, "you pulled at my hair a few times and because it's a gesture of pleasure I thought you were initiating sexual intercourse but I didn't know what you would consider as pleasure so I decided to investigate a bit."
"You know what?!", appeared Gabriel's voice from outside, "you are drowning your daddy issues in work! Anna and Balthazar think so too!"
Dean's heart stopped for a second because he thought Cas meant his funny comment but felt relief after Cas asked, how he could get rid of the erection.  "Cas", Dean finally turned around to look at his friend, who had a very confused look on his face. And multiple wounds from the hunt but nothing too serious, "you are as old as dirt and you don't know how to handle a fucking boner?"
Cas couldn't wait to see the look on Gabriel's face when he would told him about grabbing a coffee with Gabriel's dominant friend.
Dean hummed again, Cas really started to like that sound, and when he looked up again he saw that Dean had his head pulled back a bit and eyes closed pleasantly. Feeling motivated due to the sight Cas kissed and licked more enthusiastic, opened his mouth wider and enjoying the sounds he could get out of the man.
Cas went back to work as soon as Dean let him go again and his stiff neck payed off when he felt Dean's realise dripping from the corner off his mouth. He swallowed his come and tried to lick the remains off around his lips since he couldn't clean himself right now.
"S-Session?", Cas asked and wiped over his face. Now Dean was the one who looked at him in confusion, "our session right now, Castiel", Dean explained slowly, "how many Dom's did you had before, Cas?"
This was not a big deal. Just one buddy helping another. Totally wasn't something Dean had been dreaming about.
"So it's not a mistake", the man interrupted him and walked past Castiel to put his bag on the couch, "my name is Dean", he finally introduced himself and Cas' gaze flickered down when the man loosened the tie, "but you are supposed to call me either sir or master", Dean said calmly and completely serious while opening his bag.
Cas' calmness seemed to affect Dean to because his shoulders weren't as tense as before. "Okay so... I found these things in like a consume box or something. Please just at least consider it when you see it, alright?" Cas just squinted at that and waited for the next move. Dean gulped one last time and pulled to things out of the bag.
"Fucking amazing", was the respond, making Dean laugh loudly. Cas smiled at the sounds, "but I'm tired."
"You gonna come?", Dean whispered rough in the kiss as he felt Cas twitch in his hand, "you gonna come just from my cock?" Cas whined, nodded and clawed deeper in Dean's back and probably left some bruised. "Fuck, I'm gonna come too, Cas", Dean gasped and pushed his hips up in a fitting rhythm to Cas' bounces.
He wondered if he could get Dean off like that. Maybe Dean would allow it. Or maybe Dean would finally get some of his damn clothes off that fine body.
"Good Night, Dean", Cas said, Dean felt the weight of his head on his shoulder as Cas leaned down on him, enjoying his steady heartbeat and the quiet motel room.
"Fuck Cas", Dean breathed out slowly, "you that much into hair pulling or are you just sensitive?", he asked but already knew that Cas didn't know the answer either. "Why is such a violent gesture causing pleasure?", Cas asked sounding so utterly confused and innocent, big blue eyes staring right at him, Dean could loose it any second.
Cas leaned his head back and stared right into Dean's green eyes. His pupils were wide and drowned in that deep blue that Dean loved so much. A few strands of hair sticked on his forehead due to his sweat and his cheeks were obviously flushed.
"You wanna get me off?", Dean repeated it before grinning, "just like that? You desperately licking and kissing your way trough my pants? Or you wanna suck my cock angel?"
"As a Dom it's my job to take care of you", Dean explained, slowly rubbing one of Cas's nipples before moving on, "I pleasure you, give you orders and punish you if you do something wrong. I'll give you anything you need as long as you behave."
Dean of course realised that to, stroking over his sides with his free hands, gaze continually at Cas' twisted face, "you with me, sweetheart?", he purred softly. Cas only whimpered, not being able to respond correctly. Dean pinched his side, got a twitch in return but nothing else.
The angel just huffed, still seemed to pout, "angels are warriors of god and not these sexualised versions of humans you always refer to."
Dean may or may not thought about the discovery of Cas' little kink more than he would like to admit. It just never left his mind.
"Dean, I can't", Cas looked down to his fingered, his voice full of sadness. Dean gulped, his throat still burning from the alcohol, "you never want to stay."
The turning lock on the door interrupted the thick tension. Dean and Cas jumped back into reality, the previous distance between them again as Sam walked into the room with two pizza cartons.
He walked the few stairs up to his apartment because the damn elevator was still out of order, already dreaming of his comfy bed and some series on Netflix or maybe a documentary when he saw a person standing in front of his door.
But even after grabbing food he didn't wake up. Sam noticed that Dean checked on him more continually but he was fine. They just watched TV for the rest of the night, Sam on his bed and Dean on a chair in front of his own bed.
So Cas decided to tone it down and just wait until Dean would initiate 'the next step' whatever that would be.
Cas smiled in the crook of Dean's neck. He loved it when Dean gave him nicknames which only happened when they were alone and Dean felt really comfortable in their current situation.
"Off?", Dean asked gulping and walked over to the bed, "I... you know- I thought that you could wear them throughout the sex."
"Can you do it again?", Cas asked him, sounding almost shy at the request. "Seriously? Now?", Dean asked, made sure that Sam still wasn't back before placing his hand in Cas' hair. "It feels pleasant", Cas hummed as an answer, pushing himself more against Dean's hand like a cat.
"Intrigued, huh? Can't blame you, I'd be intrigued too if I would have to work with a handsome man like me."
"Dean", Cas panted and dear lord he was hard. "Fuck", Dean cursed under his breath, "Cas, please let me kiss you, I swear I'm gonna-", Dean was interrupted by Cas pressing their lips harshly together, making both of them moan in relief.
"Fix you're clothes man", Dean hissed quietly before opening the door on Sam's side. "Thank god", Sam muttered and got in, closed the door.
Cas mumbled something under his own breath, straightened the halo that almost fell off and made an attempt to turn around so his back would be facing Dean. That would at least spare him from Dean's intense glare.
Dean watched him for another few moments until Cas scratched the back of his head and all the attention fell onto his hair.
Cas squinted his eyes even more as if Dean just announced the stupidest thing he ever heard, "Dean", he finally answered after a moment, "I'm asking because I want to give you the same pleasure you gave me."
"That's the third case, man! You're barely here anymore, even when we need you! We almost died!", Dean yelled, standing directly in front of the angel, having a serious stare-off with him.
"That's good", Dean moaned, squeezing Cas' butt just because he could and helped a bit to lift him off his lap, "you should do that more often, Cassie, but I can't look at you like that."
Dean placed another kiss on his chest while nudging the chains teasingly, a shiver ran down Cas' spine, "do you wanna know what I had planned for you, angel?" Cas moaned loudly and nodded because hell yes, he so wanted to know.
Cas knew they didn't have the normal kind of relationship but he was glad about every secret little kiss he got. He read a few books about relationships and how to take the next steps but the most tips didn't really worked out. Like showing up with a bouquet of flowers while Sam and Dean were currently captured (which Cas wasn't aware of to his Defense) by some very confused vampires. Or the one time he called Dean 'sweetheart' in front of Bobby and Sam which caused Dean to choke on his beer and constant teasing from the other two.
Cas squinted, not only because of the sudden nickname but also because of the word 'Dom'. "Uh...", he licked over his lips, "a D-Dom? I don't know what that is."
"That was awesome, Cas", Dean whispered as soon as he can down from the high. "I agree", Cas' voice was still a bit rougher than usual, his hair a mess, "it was a very pleasant experience, thank you."
"You gonna do that for me, baby?", Dean kept asking questions. Cas enthusiastically nodded, he just wanted to keep feeling these sensations that Dean gave him, "y-yes, yes, yeah sure, Sir. Yeah."
"Oh yeah", Dean was reminded of the sexy costume the angel was wearing, "no problem, I had a position in mind already", he reassured him and moved Cas around like a prop before he lay down on his back with Cas straddling his hips.
Dean snickered at the question, could imagine Cas' confused look on his face, "you got knocked out. We dragged you back to our motel room after we killed the werewolf."
Cas looked at him weird, tilted his head and squinted his eyes, "to seduce you and initiate sexual intercourse kn different situations with you?" Dean promptly chocked on his own spit and coughed.
"Oh come on", Dean answered unimpressed, "you already know everything they say in the documentary. Turn it off, I promise you won't regret it. Probably."
"Damn", Dean commented, his voice lower than usual, making him clear his throat. "Why do you keep doing that?", Cas asked, voice unsteady and whiny. "Just curious", Dean answered absent, his eyes still focused on his hair, pulling at it again. Cas gulped visibly and closed his eyes.
After the fourth one Cas started to giggle without any occasion, leaning back more. Dean couldn't contain his own laughter at that, watching Cas fascinated at his relaxed impression.
"Please", he whined after a while, a few tears already fell on the couch. God, he never needed relief more than right now. He maybe could actually come like this if he would just rub a bit more against the armrest but he highly doubted that Dean would allow or like it.
Cas' eyes went wide while Dean just leaned back with that damn cocky smile, "w-what...", he couldn't continue because he was too shocked when Dean suddenly grabbed him by the upper arm and practically dragged him towards the couch to push him over the armrest.
He gasped when Dean lightly bit one of his nipples, his dick twitched in interest, "please", he whispered. "It's alright", Dean soothed him, hand hovering over Cas' bulge in his boxers, "I'm gonna make you feel good, just take what I give you."
Sam huffed amused, carried the duffel bag and opened the car door so Dean could lay Cas over the backseat, "it's Cas, man. That's just the way he is."
Dean actually snickered at the impatience, "you sure are something else", he whispered. Cas wanted to ask 'compared to what?' but the sentence got stuck in his throat when Dean's palm collided with his reddish skin again. He moaned in the cushion again and stuttered a thin 'thank you, sir'.
"No problem buddy", Dean answered, "best decision ever. Even though my boxers are ruined." Cas raised two of his fingers and put them on Dean's forehead, "not anymore."
"Just stay here", Dean answered without any hesitation, watching intensely Cas' beautiful side profile. "Dean, I can't", the angel laughed at the silly suggestion, turning his head so they were having eye contact again, "I started all this, it's my fault. And I can't let Raphael win."
Which wouldn't be a big problem if it wasn't in the middle of the night while Dean was sleeping in one of Bobby's guest rooms.
"And that's why you panicked when I asked you why you were doing it", Dean concluded and nodded, huffed amused.
"Okay, sure", Cas agreed to it calmly. Sex was still something unfamiliar to him so he was glad for every time Dean had a specific idea in mind they could work out.
"When I say 'come', I mean 'come to me right now', do you understand that?", Dean explained harshly, Cas nodded, the air pushed out of his lungs. "I understand sir", he squeaked, couldn't keep his eyes off of Dean's.
"Two of my brothers betrayed me", Cas replied in a shaking voice, "I was able to kill one of them before I crashed here."
Cas just made an oppressed whine, watching him with wide eyes. Not a prostitute. So not just a prostitute. Maybe Gabriel pissed someone off and now they were gonna torture and kill him. Dean could be a member of a gang or mafia.
Cas nodded and looked down onto the blanket. Dean rubbed his chin and seemed to inspect the other one closely, thinking about their next step, "lay down comfortably, okay?", Dean decided in the end and stood up from the bed again, "I won't tie you up again. We are gonna start slowly and if you don't like something, say something", Dean continued while Cas leaned back again.
"Fuck, your so damn warm", Dean groaned and closed his eyes at the pleasure almost knocked the wings off but quickly fixed them again. "Shut up and do something already", Cas answered impatient, face still consistently in Dean's face.
Dean never saw Cas' blue eyes open so widely -and never realised just how pretty they were when he didn't squint them so much-, they stared at each other, mouth open in shock, even Sam was speechless. The hand stayed in Cas' hair because Dean was thrown off so much, he had never heard such a noise from the angel and the reddish tone on his cheeks definitely said that it wasn't from pain.
Dean seemed to be satisfied with his reaction and went back to his bag. Cas just stood in the middle of his living room and didn't know what to do.
Dean groaned at the pleasure, has his hand firmly in Cas' hair but never pressuring him into doing anything. Cas was finally the one who got impatient and went further down on Dean's cock. A bit sudden and fast, Dean moaned loudly at the wet heat surrounding his dick but quickly holding Cas' head still when Cas realised he did too much and gagged a bit.
The angel seemed to be lost in Dean's eyes for another moment before slightly nodding, "I won't, Dean", he muttered, "I'm sorry for worrying you." Dean sighed, looking to the side but still couldn't see Sam, the pure anger slowly fading away, leaving the pure relief of still having Cas with him.
Dean licked his lips and closed his eyes for a second to focus because he definitely sensed a boner against his thigh.
Cas tried to count in the beginning but got lost in the arousal at one point. The thank you's got louder and more confident but at the same time more desperate with each slap. He didn't want to know how red his butt must be, considering the sharp burning he felt.
Cas' gaze flickered down to his lips and back up but Dean still noticed it. "Cas", he whispered, got a slight hum as a respond, "can I ki-"
Because he didn't want Dean to be angry and disappointed he slowly walked over to the taller man. As soon as he was in reach, Dean gripped him by his throat and pushed him up against the wall.
Dean pressed his lips into a thin line and seemed to be struggling not to curse. "Driving me insane", was all Cas could figure out and his chest swelled in pride a bit to be honest.
"That really sucks, man", Dean answered honest, looking down on him worried. That's when he noticed the small branch in Cas' hair, so he decided to pull it out, but it seemed to be stuck so Dean used one hand to hold his head in place, clenching into Cas' hair to finally get the branch out with the other one.
"Uhm...", Dean scratched his neck, "so you should do it when the person is awake first of all. And when you are alone I'd say."
But the next one was so sudden and rough, Dean grabbed the gun under his pillow and aimed at the intruder. Cas' hands flew up in the air, "hello Dean."
The pleasure increased and so did the heat. His thoughts began to fade, completely submitting to the scenario around him, submitting to Dean and his actions.
Dean turned around curious and found Cas sitting on his knees on the mattress, the Alice band placed in his messy hair and the fluffy wings peeking out behind his back. The sulking look on his face made everything just even better.
"I feel good", Cas said honest, closing his eyes to focus on Dean's hand, "haven't felt that good in a long time. Wanna feel like that again. Like before."
Dean grounded his teeth, because Cas clearly didn't see it as a big deal that he almost fucking died.
Cas' mouth was open but no words came out, he just looked up to Dean in disbelief, "I do", Cas whispered distressed, "I would much rather stay down here with you, Dean. I hate leaving you behind but I have to do this."
"Yes, Sir", Cas breathed out as Dean's hands found their places at his nipples again. He clawed into the mattress as he felt light kissing trailing a way down his body.
"What did you thought, Castiel?", Dean asked, voice suddenly hard and impatient, his eyes gazing at him intensely. Cas gulped, "t-that you were maybe a... prostitute? That Gabriel had booked for me? He like kinda mentioned that I need to get laid again yesterday."
He went back down on it, this time more carefully and slowly, using his tongue, getting even more pleasurable sounds out of Dean.
Dean nibbled at the flushed skin, "was gonna keep you tied up and blindfold you. Just concentrating on me. Completely at my mercy and taking everything I would give you. But you are still doing that, huh? Just taking everything from me without questioning?"
Cas exhaled dramatic again but didn't protest. The silly costume wasn't so bad as long as Dean enjoyed it.
"No", Dean answered immediately, pulling him closer, "my sessions are always about the sub. I never really lose my clothes or even get some pleasure out of it. I just did it because you asked so desperately and I couldn't resist. I'm still new to the whole thing."
Dean was definitely about to come. Dean knew, Cas knew, Dean knew that Cas knew. So it was a real surprise when Dean actually yanked his head back until he only had his lips wrapped around the tip again.
"Car", Dean ordered and dragged the angel suddenly off the impala, "get in the car. Backseat. Now." Cas submitted without a question, opened the door and quickly got into the backseat. Dean looked around one last time, couldn't see a thing in the darkness and went in after the angel.
"oh I know", Sam snorted and realized it may have been a little to obvious, because Dean suddenly sat up and looked over Cas to his brother. "What's that supposed to mean, huh?", Dean asked dead-serious. "Nothing", Sam muttered, "its just that you guys really get along lately. Its obvious that he really seems to like you."
"Careful", Dean told him and gazed over Case worriedly, "tell me how you feel", he ordered, pushing a few lost hair strains off of Cas' forehead.
Dean chuckled and let his thumb roll over the tip, making Cas hum in appreciation, "we only just started Cas, you gotta wait a bit for the real pleasure."
"Can't let you zap away in the middle of night, can I?", Dean grinned, not minding the weight on him like he did when he dragged Cas to the car, "you get the special occasion to watch me sleep for a couple of hours now, you should feel honoured."
"Oh right, sorry", Dean apologised, pressed a kiss against temple, "but you still rocked it", he continued grinning, while Cas just lay motionless on him, still connected to the hunter. He pressed his fingers on Dean's forehead again to clean them both from the cum. "It was pleasurable", Cas muttered, pressed his face in Dean's shoulder, the halo almost hit Dean's cheek, "but you are being the active part the next time."
"C'mon Cassie, just come with me", Gabriel continued to nag, leaning over the seat back of Cas' couch, "you are constantly working even on the weekend. A trip to a bar would do you something good bro."
"Yeah, I know", Dean smiled, "Gabe mentioned that you were a 'sensitive people pleaser with daddy issues' so I had an idea in mind and quickly realised that you were in need of some praises."
"Y-Yes, Sir", Cas breathed out shaking, the weird and new feeling of the chains were fucking him up, "ah", he muttered when Dean's hands slipped inside his boxers.
"Cas-", Dean said, gripped the angel's hair and tugged on it roughly so Cas had to look at him. To everyone's surprise, Cas' reaction was instant. He let out a deep and loud moan, everyone went silent.
"You are so on edge, brother", Gabe sighed, "you so need to get laid. And you should stop being such a people pleaser. Be egoistic for once man."
Dean just pressed his lips together and didn't replied which was good enough of an answer for Sam. Meanwhile Cas just sat relaxed in the backseat with a small, satisfied, dorky smile on his face.
"Don't act like it, Cassie", Gabriel answered, "you loved dad and when he left you felt like it was your fault which it wasn't, by the way. So you try to make everyone proud."
Cas started to moan louder again, so Dean started kissing him again, letting his tongue drive into Cas' warm mouth. He only got a suppressed whine, then a bite on his lips before Cas came all over Dean's boxer. "Fuck, Cas", Dean groaned, held Cas' hips and rutted against him till he came with a silent moan.
Castiel ate three sandwiches, organic almond butter and artisanal peach jam on keto bread, one after another, before he started to feel full. He was on his second bottle of Virgil’s root beer, and Sylvia had put out a packet of fig newtons and a little plate of pickles and lunchmeat and cheese, which she was picking at. Castiel found that he liked the fig newtons, and Sylvia smiled sadly. “Gabriel liked sweets too.”
Sylvia had three empty old-fashioned glasses in front of her and was dangerously close to tilting out of the chair. Cas watched her nervously and was poised to dive over and catch her if she did fall. Perhaps he had let her overdo it. Was he supposed to stop her? This was so confusing.
They drifted in different directions, with Sam following Claire and Kaia toward one side of the park, near the vendors selling t-shirts and souvenirs and all kinds of crap, and Dean and Cas heading through the rows of pop-up tents. Some of them were community organizations, like health groups that offered STD testing and counseling and stuff like that. There were some mainstream businesses that were hoping to reach out to potential customers and let them know that they were welcoming of their lifestyles and their disposable income alike. Dean lost count of how many people tried to sell him siding and insulated windows and bathroom remodeling and travel packages. Cas had a bad habit of stopping and chatting with every single one of them, and filling out the little slips for the drawings, and accepting all the promotional swag they were offering. “You know they’re just trying to get your phone number so they can call you and sell you crap, right?” Dean asked as they walked along.
Cas put a hand to his chest dramatically as he approached the doorway. “You scared me half to death over your hair? I wa- oh! Oh, I see. Well, uh, it’s an interesting choice, but when did you have this done?” He stood in the hallway, leaning in the doorway. Gabriel came close to Cas, close enough to peer around him and see his handiwork. From the other end of the hallway, a sleep-fuddled Sam approached, looking adorably mussed and creased, but also ready to shoot something.
“I thought showering was typically a solo activity,” Cas said, his eyes fixed on Dean as Dean started unfastening his pants.
He had climbed to the top of the tower before he realized that it was really high, actually. Dean gulped as he looked down at the ground. His vision was going fuzzy as the guy helped him into the harness and gave him the instructions, though he wasn’t really listening. The ground looked really far below, the soft green grass somehow menacing. “Okay. Okay, I can do this,” Dean said as he clutched the handle. White-knuckled, he stepped off the platform and down he went.
“That’s a good start,” she said. “I mean… we could move this upstairs for rounds 2 through 7.” She shifted and they pulled apart, and he touched her forehead. Ahh, the magical clean-up; she’d really missed that perk too. Not that it was the most important thing, but it was nice.
“Oh, the flavors!” he exclaimed. “Dean, it is so good! The sandwich, the soup, just everything.” Dean chuckled and watched him fondly.
“Too bad your old man heart can’t handle it,” Claire said. And that was all the encouragement Dean needed. No way was he backing down from that challenge. He sneered and grumbled at Claire, and went to stand in the back of the line.
Their food arrived, and the conversation shifted to lighter things as they ate. Dean told him all about their adventure with Mrs Butters, and how it made him want to make a point to celebrate holidays now.
Sam smiled. “That’s great, Dean. Oh hey, we’ll have to go to Pride this summer. It’ll be so much fun.” He moved back around the counter and resumed his salad making duties.
“Pfft, no. Almost talked to Charlie once, way back, but… couldn’t bring myself to say it out loud. Like, she would have been fine, would have been great. But I…” he waved his hand. “I dunno, man. And then when Mom was around… when things were good… I wanted to tell her sometimes - not even about you, just about dudes in general, but like… I couldn’t get a read on her thoughts about it, about people being... and I couldn’t say anything unless I was a hundred percent that she wouldn’t look at me different.” He shrugged. “And now I’ll never know.”
Sylvia shrugged as she twirled the stringy spaghetti squash on her fork. “Nothing that exciting about me. I came to the big city for college. Columbia. Did really well and everything, but after graduation all I was getting was unpaid or low paid internships because… well, there’s a lot of bullshit involved in being a woman in IT. So I was at this one company and there was… quite frankly, there was a manager that wanted to bang me, and I was never going to get anywhere unless I took that bait. And I did
” With a final shout, Dean spilled over into Cas’s hands, into the mess he’d already made, all over them and mingled together on his skin.
She had stopped crying; had actually been laughing through the first few drinks. Dark and bitter, laughing at herself, but still laughing. Then after the third she’d started rambling to Cas about her family. He’d never heard but the barest of details of this before; like the Winchesters she had lost her mom early in childhood, and her dad had been less than stellar. But it seemed that alcohol and distraction from heartbreak were opening the floodgates to the rest of that story.
“You cannot mean… you’re just always flirting and- and maybe trying to get into my pants,” Sam said. “It’s just a thing. You hitting on me. Just you being all… you know, a player. It’s not serious.”
The cemetery was located underneath a huge, gnarled oak tree. Dean leaned against the tree and scrolled through his phone while Sam dug. Messages from Jody about things she’d seen on the police wires that might interest him. A string of jokes from Donna. A photo from Claire of her new shotgun. Baby pictures from Garth. And yet nothing from Cas.
They walked in the main entrance. Ahead of them was a large dining room leading to a stage in the back, the bar running along the right wall with patrons clustered on stools and bellied up to order drinks, and wide stairs running up the left wall with a sign pointing upward reading “Rooftop Patio.” To either side there were doorways leading to smaller dining rooms. A conflicting cacophony of music came from each area, jarring and confusing.
Dean, Cas, and Gabriel carried their drinks to a table that had miraculously opened up. Gabriel neatly avoided all questions about Heaven and about Sylvia, and instead turned everything around to vaguely related stories of his exploits over the centuries. He was just about to launch into how he ended up chasing a demon through medieval Germany to try to recover a cursed shoe when Dean’s phone rang. “Sammy,” he said, picking up. “What’s up?”
“I think you should leave.” Cas stepped close to press another kiss to Dean’s lips. “And I’ll go with you.”
Dean Winchester pushed away from Baby to take several steps forward. He then turned back and returned to his position of leaning against the Impala. His body ached but Jack had healed the most pressing injuries. His powers were still new and using them instinctively concerned all of them. It was different in the heat of battle where everyone in the world was already gone—
“You are not worthless,” Cas denied. He tightened his grip on Dean’s hand. “Regardless of what Chuck wrote, you are your own man. You are the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human I will ever know. Knowing you, changed me and made me better.”
“Did something happen?” Sam dragged Eileen with him when he crossed to stand by Dean. “Isn’t that what happened? Death killed Cas and you killed Death?”
The familiar words didn’t quite soothe the edge of Dean’s tension as his best friend no doubt intended. He stared across the table at blue eyes. “Cass—“
“A do-over in golf is called a Mulligan,” Jack announced with a wide smile. “Sam will be here soon and then I’ll need to go too.”
Scanning the room, Dean confirmed everyone was watching. Sam was grinning and nodding with his arms wrapped around Eileen. She smiled and signed love with quick hands. Crowley appeared smug and bored as only the ex-demon could. And Cas…Dean swallowed hard and met familiar blue eyes questioning him. Cas who always volunteered to go with him whether Dean was battling gods, Death, or his own inner demons.
“If I am good…if I deserve…” Dean lifted his free hand to rub at his wetness in his eyes. “I love you, Cass.”
Cas reached out and grabbed his hand to keep him from crossing the room toward the boys. “You can’t just tell them that right now. Mark is too much like you and it took me years…”
Cass’ lips quirked in a smile. “I know. You, me, and Sammy, we are better together. I know that too.”
Cas’ mouth brushed his ear when he said his name. A shiver rippled along Dean’s spine. It wasn’t the same adrenaline rush as when he’d fought for his life - when he’d fought to save Cas, when he’d fought to kill him. Ten years of life shared - good times and bad. Cas had always been with him. No, he wasn’t fight Cas. The feeling was something different, something softer, but still all-consuming, life-changing. More memories rippled from the darkness of his mind.
The angel used his free hand to pull Dean into a tight embrace. Breath stuttering in his chest, eyes burning, Dean shuddered inside the warmth of Cass’ touch. The anger inside withered a little more as it was replaced with hope, yearning. Love. The words came easier.
Being around the Winchesters for so many years had given him an affinity for rolling his eyes. Cas added a dramatic sigh which made Eileen laugh harder. “Sam really does talk too much.”
“Yeah, I do,” Dean interrupted again. “I need you not because of what you can do, but because of who are you. Because of what you mean to me, not just to me and Sammy.”
Again, Dean dropped his head to Cas’ shoulder and left it long enough for Cas to rest his against it for just a moment. Shouts of laughter echoed across the room while Eileen and Paul did a victory dance. Both Mark and Sam tried to frown, but their lips twitched as they coughed and sputtered.
“I’m not a good father figure, but Cas is here. We have some good hunters with kids who can show them love and happiness. They should get to be kids even if we can’t stop all the nightmares.” Dean’s head dropped to rest briefly on Cas’ shoulder.
The words might have annoyed Dean, but he’d never been able to not smile when his brother did. It was something else Cas saw in the young brothers in their care. That sibling bond was the first time Cas had recognized the power of human love. To have Dean love him too was something that still made Cas smile – it also made his heart beat a little faster.
“She’s always so dramatic,” Crowley complained. He then crossed his arms over his chest and smirked. “So, Squirrel, looks like you and I have something in common.”
The gruffness of Dean’s voice made Cas smile. He squeezed both hands briefly then allowed them to fall.
Grabbing one pack, Sam started putting it on. He nodded to the pilot. “We’ll be fine. You need to get out of here.”
“I think I’ll go see what’s going on inside. Sam, grab the box when you come in?” She patted his back when he nodded an agreement.
Grabbing Cas’ hand again, Dean pulled him from the others who continued to cheer and laugh. “Yeah, let’s get out of here, angel. Just you and me.”
“He’s a damn stubborn kid.” Dean added a few curses and fisted his hands tight enough to whiten his knuckles.
Cas felt the excitement bubbling up as Dean let him go to open his pants and push them down to his ankles. He could barely contain himself when Dean's boxers followed and his hard dick was finally right in front of him.
"I apologise", Cas answered, still just standing in front of his bed, "and no. I was testing if you felt the same pleasure from getting your hair pulled."
"So...", Dean said hesitant, Cas' eyes peaked open, "a fight against who? It's the first time you came to us to find refuge."
"That's the best I have felt in a long time", Cas confessed breathless from laughing after a few minutes, "the war really gets to me. I never wanted to fight my own brothers and sisters."
A very handsome, tall person in a black suit and a bag in one hand. The man turned around when he heard Castiel approaching him and looked looked him up and down calculating before nodding slightly. "You are late."
"Doing so good, angel", Dean commented, voice lower and rougher than before, Cas whimpered at the new pet name, "wanting to please me so much and doing it so well. Such a good boy for me."
"Don't overdo yourself, angel", Dean ordered, the rough, lustful voice was replaced by the firm tone he had at the beginning, "go a bit slower and just as far as you can." Cas hummed in agreement, looking up to him with big eyes and lips still around his cock.
Cas smiled back at him, looking equally peaceful and exhausted right in front of Dean. Almost like a wish just true for the hunter.
"Dean?", came a quiet whisper from Cas after some time. "Yes?", Dean answered in the same tone, smiling down on him. Cas gulped and licked his dry lips, nuzzling deeper into Dean's warmth, "what happened?"
"Dean, is this gonna be a one-time-experience?", Cas asked carefully, seemed to search for answers in Dean's eyes. "I mean", Dean hesitated, "I sure hope not. Or do you... do you not want to?"
Without thinking Cas leaned forward and pressed his warm, wet lips against Dean's crotch. He immediately felt Dean's hand gripping his hair tightly but not pulling him away so he decided to continue and lick over the clothed boner.
He slowly but steady sank down on Dean's cock, moaned loud and shuddered when he finally sat completely on him.
"It sure is", Dean agreed, "but hair pulling isn't by far the strongest sexual feeling. If you get so worked up over hair pulling you'd probably faint after an orgasm."
"Cas", Dean sighed at that, shuddered at the sudden coldness, "I thought you finally understood the exiting feeling of undressing each other slowly? No zip-zapping the clothes away." Cas just groaned frustrated, the head fell in his neck, "yes I understand the feeling of purposely dragging out the sexual intercourse to increase the desire."
"I feel humiliated and I never want one of my brothers and sisters to find out about this for as long as I exist."
"What happened?", Bobby asked, Sam hurried from the kitchen with a first-aid-kit. "I fled from a fight and miscalculated the landing in the hurry", Cas shuttered, whinging when he tried to sit up, so Dean pushed him back down, "and fell into a bush nearby."
Cas started to worry again and wiggled nervously. Oh god, what if he's gonna get robbed? His laptop was still exposed on his coffee table directly beside his smartphone. Or maybe it was all just a big joke and Gabriel was gonna come in any second to laugh at him for being reckless?
Cas tried to hold back a frustrated scream and just closed the door aggressively before going back to his laptop.
"Thank you", Cas whispered, his voice way too high and shaking, "sir", he added quickly. Dean licked over his bottom lip.
Cas hummed low, focused on the documentary they showed on Tv while laying on Dean's bed. Dean definitely regretted ever showing Cas the wonders of TV.
"We just got caught up talking and the heater was still on", Dean lied and wiped the steam off with his hand so he could at least see something through the front window. "Course", Sam muttered a bit too fast and looked behind him to Cas who just finished fixing his tie but still looked absent and overwhelmed.
"Don't do this", Cas just huffed, avoiding Dean's gaze, clearly embarrassed. It was so weird seeing Cas so affected by such a simple thing as hair pulling. Maybe it was because Jimmy/his vessel was sensitive about it. Or maybe Cas was just more kinky than Dean would have thought.
"So", Dean stated, "I may have took something from the theatre club when we worked on the case because I had hoped we could... use it."
Cas made some suppressed noises, keeping himself from pushing his hips up because he would just take what Dean was giving him. His head fell back, knuckles turning white from grabbing the blanket so hard. "A-ah, y-yes, Sir", he moaned finally after not hearing anything else from him.
"I wasn't joking when I said that you look good", Dean whispered against Cas' flushed skin while Cas moaned and already moved his hips up and down, riding Dean's fingers. His arms were wrapped around Dean's neck tightly, his cheek rubbing against Dean's and every sound leaving his lips ended directly against Dean's ears.
So he really should've seen it coming when they both got drunk after a successful hunt where Cas was actually punctual. They were back at a shabby motel room, sitting on the couch, Sam went out to get food and Dean sweared that he planned to wait for him before getting drunk.
"Good boy", Dean commented with a sly smirk, Cas almost gasped at the word and had to lick his lips. Oh god, he shouldn't like it when shady people called him a 'good boy'.
Castiel leaned forward and placed an innocent peck on Dean’s plump lips, then wiped away the salty trails on his face with a thumb.
“Oh, Cas!” Dean whined in an instant’s respite, rising on trembling thighs up to the very tip of Castiel’s cock, contracting the tight ring of muscle around the Alpha’s enlarged cockhead, then plopping all the way down without a hint of finesse. He took it so well, not complaining or showing indications of pain or discomfort, making it obvious he’d had plenty of practice.
Castiel kissed Dean, and there was no tenderness to it this time. It was hot and hungry and frantic, a placating distraction to keep him from coming right then.
Dean was no stranger to waking up to Cas’ ministrations, so Castiel wasn’t worried about his boyfriend rousing, but sometimes, just sometimes Cas wanted a twosome, and Dean’s ass was calling him hither, so very naughtily. Like a prostitute fishing for clients, the muscle tensed and relaxed, fluttered, aching to be taken care of.
Cas moaned in encouragement, prodding at the entrance with the pad of a finger. He was enraptured by Dean’s narrative. It seemed Dean’s dreams were quite liberating, if the even skimpier outfit was any indication to go by. Fuck, he loved his little cockslut.
He prided himself in being the composed sort of man, never a slave to his impulses. And yet, the mere sight of it drove Castiel fucking insane with lust and greed and desire. It gave him an honest-to-god appetite, for fuck’s sake.
Castiel draped his body entirely over the Omega, and kissed the assortment of freckles on his left shoulder. “Can you repeat that? Didn’t hear you there, got a little distracted.”
He brushed lightly Dean’s swollen little penis with the back of a finger and leaned over to kiss Dean’s freckled shoulder.
Dean was definitely an attention whore, but even after months of dating, they weren’t quite there yet.
Dean exhaled and nodded, then sank his head on the pillow. When he spoke his words sounded stifled, “Was having a pretty awesome dream too.”
They were going to meet with Castiel’s brother Gabriel and his girlfriend Kali for dinner, and then they’d go play mini golf. Granted, their plans didn’t make for a fancy evening requiring a stuffy dress code, but Dean had wanted to wear a long-sleeved crop top with skin-tight leggings, both in mesh, the first entirely, the second with the material starting mid-leg. The clothes were white and, contrary to the brand’s claims, they were very much see-through. Dean didn’t even work out that much, if at all, but he was going through a sportswear phase.
“You walked up to me, and you s-started touching me. And I didn’t say nothing, Cas. I wanted you to touch me, I didn’t even- didn’t know who you were, but your hands felt real nice on m-my body. Fuck. I wanted you so bad, and you – Ah, ah, ah! Yes, yes, Cas, baby, do that again, fuck, do that again, please. Fuck, this. This! Wanted this, first day. Swear. Oh, god! Cas – in m’ dream, you, you grabbed my ass, right by the center. And the -the shorts were so tiny! And I- I was wet, like a girl, so wet. You moved ‘em a little to the side, and started f-fingering me, right there. People stared. And I- I didn’t, didn’t know you, Cas. I just wanted you in me, ‘lways do.”
Fuck. Cas wanted him so bad his own cock didn’t seem to care for social etiquette, twitching casually in his long shorts. They were black at least, so he hoped his arousal was less noticeable.
Dean sat on the desk, Castiel’s desk, and looked down at him. His fingers playing with a ring in his finger, but it wasn’t a promise ring, or so Castiel hoped foolishly.
Dean remained silent, but scents spoke louder than words. Too bad Castiel didn’t know what to make of it, of the scent of fresh Omega slick in this very non-sexual, emotionally at odds scenario.
A loud bark pulled him from his reverie, and soon enough the gorgeous ass was out of sight, its owner turning around and taking a couple steps back.
Cas got up from the couch where he’d been waiting for Dean and turned the boy around grabbing him by the shoulders. One arm he wrapped around Dean’s waist, the other he used to fondle Dean’s bulge. Cas loved taking Dean from behind or simply draping his body over his, back to chest, pert ass against his cock.
Castiel groaned and bit Dean’s collarbone, latching onto the skin until he’d sucked a hickey that would mark Dean as his for days to come.
“So good, Cas.” Wanna feed you every morning, Cas. Wanna wake up with you inside me, your cock splitting me open, fucking me so hard I cry and beg, but you ignore me and make me take it harder, faster, because you know I like it rough. You know me so well, better than I know myself. Would you come inside me then, Cas? Fill me with your seed? Would you kiss my slutty little asshole and slurp your come out of me or would you make me keep it inside all day? I love making out with you after you eat my ass, love tasting myself on your mouth. So filthy, fuck. But I can’t help it. It’s all I want. So horny, all the time. Would let you fuck me when we first met, Cas. In that park, not caring about being seen. Oh, I’d let you mount me like a heated bitch. Like your bitch. Oh, Cas, I’m such a slut, I know I am, I know! And you do know it too, Cas. You fucking love it. “Love you, Cas.”
Giving one final thrust inside Dean’s hole with his tongue, Castiel backed away and wiped the mess on his mouth and chin with the back of his hand.
Surely he was misinterpreting Dean. Dean was beautiful and striking, and he could have anyone. To think he’d been waiting for him of all Alphas... It was a ridiculous pipedream, one of his most innocent fantasies, but doubtlessly the most dangerous of all.
He was half-knotted to Dean, the Omega’s hole expanded around the full diameter of his engorged knot, but he wouldn’t take advantage of Dean. The Omega had said clearly he did not take knots, and every Alpha who’d fucked him (and there were oh so many) had abided by the rules. Castiel wouldn’t be the douchebag to force himself upon anyone, especially Dean.
Mrs. Roberts’ fury should’ve been targeted to her actual spouse instead of her junior student though, but feelings were complicated. Castiel scratched the back of his head.
Dean ground down, taunting asshole planted on Castiel’s knot and shut his eyes, whimpering as he pushed down with all his weight, slick-soaked pants thinner yet heavier with each passing second. “Fuck, you feel good.”
Case in point, the hefty handfuls of hot-as-fuck ass Castiel was squeezing and stroking with his thumbs.
He thrusted a few times, relishing in the velvety softness of Dean’s channel, and then he began to fuck the Omega earnestly, hips stuttering aggressively as he chased his release. He could hear Dean howling, his body shaking from hanging midair, perched on a hard cock. He repeated the same words over and over in a debauched litany,
Castiel sighed and propped on his elbows, pulled in by the lewd display. He tongued at a new gush of slick straight from the source. Dean pushed back a little, and more liquid flowed from his entrance. Castiel sucked gently at the hole, and fondled Dean’s balls, careful not to press too hard, just enough to coax more slick from Dean. If he could have just this for the rest of his days, he’d die a happy man.
But he didn’t want to pay. He wanted it for free, every day and every night. He wanted Dean to want him back, not just for Dean’s Omega to lust after Castiel’s Alpha simply because they happened to be in the same room for more than five minutes.
But there was a tinge of insecurity in Dean’s voice. Whatever it was it also marred his, until then, uniquely sensual scent. In spite of his frustration and inner conflict, Castiel’s Alpha kicked in, and all he wanted was to protect and comfort his Omega.
Castiel bit his lip, jealous despite knowing very well that Dean wasn’t his, and he was free to do as he pleased with whomever he pleased. He should count himself lucky to even have this, and he wasn’t going to be the one to look a gift horse in the mouth.
“Do you know I’ve fucked every single Alpha in your year, Cas?” Dean licked the seam of Castiel’s lips and mewled, hugging the Alpha tightly, humping his oozing dickhead against Castiel’s stomach. “Every single senior has been balls-deep inside me, Cas. Everyone except you.”
Ah, yes. There it was, the mischievous glint in Dean’s eyes. The boy wanted to be pushed, he wanted to have someone else do the dirty work so there was nothing left for him, but do as he was told. He was the freest when cornered. Dean used it as an excuse, of course, but Cas knew this was the best approach to getting Dean Winchester to open up.
And there it was, that delicious, almost painful squeeze around his member: Dean’s ass gradually opening itself to house its first knot.
He tried pulling away, but Cas’ arms held him captive. Then Cas angled his hips just right so that the head of his cock was poking Dean’s asshole.
Gone were the days when Dean had to fuck away his frustrations with any knotheaded Alpha who offered him a quick fuck. He’d still be the same crazy little thing of an Omega, horny and hungry for cock to fill his mouth or his ass, presenting his slicked-hole at any given opportunity and avoiding blockers like the plague because he chose to reek of mating pheromones. But he’d be
He jumped to his feet and then Castiel was being dragged out of bed and across the room and into the bathroom. He leered at the view, and slapped Dean’s ass just to see it bounce.
“I know, honey. I know they are comfy, and I know you look beautiful in them, and I know that you want me to like you in them. But this isn’t about that, is it? Hmm?” He nipped Dean’s earlobe and carried on, “This is about you wanting to show off your lovely body, for others to gawk at it, isn’t it? This is about you flaunting this sweet and ripe fat ass in public.” Cas rubbed himself against Dean, holding him in his place. Dean’s lack of response was answer enough. “Baby. This ass?” – a smack – “All mine. I don’t want strangers lusting after my property. And you say these leggings are opaque at the top, but you know they’re not. I can see everything, my love, and I know you didn’t bother with underwear, not even a thong.”
Another bark, and Castiel directed his gaze for the first time at the shaggy blond dog sitting by Dean’s foot. Which inevitably brought his attention to the exquisite pair of bowlegs he’d neglected in favor of the asset sitting above them.
“Cas!” Dean protested scandalized, as if he hadn’t begged shamelessly just minutes ago for Castiel to suck his asshole, as if he weren’t playing bouncy that same instant.
He’d feel Dean shudder above him, always fighting so hard to keep still, to let Cas have his way with him without disruptions. As mouthy and sarcastic as he could be, Dean was also incredibly sweet, constantly seeking approval and validation in every little thing he did, which meant Dean would not fuck himself on Castiel’s face unless he was explicitly asked to do so.
If he wasn’t attracted to Dean, he’d feel a bit bad for the him. It was as if mother nature herself had chosen to make Dean a walking wet dream, tailored every inch of his delicious body to eternally ride studs, like a cowboy, asshole stretched around the generous girth of a cock.
“I want you. I do. And I don’t care if you fucked the whole school, Dean. Or the whole town. I don’t care. I still want you. Have wanted you ever since I first saw you. But I was a coward, and I got scared. Never thought you’d- This wasn’t part of my plans, Dean. You were a fantasy, and I felt guilty, so I avoided you. I’m sorry, sweet Omega. Never meant to hurt you.”
Being enveloped in the heat of Dean’s ass cheeks, cock or face, was paradise, and he didn’t lie when he said Dean’s hole was impatient. At the first lick around the rim, it trembled, as did Dean above.
Dean chuckled, but the sound got caught in his throat. He tried dissimulating it with a cough, but Castiel didn’t mind. What was another name in Dean’s list that wasn’t his?
Now, Cas stared adoringly at his sleeping boyfriend. Dean snored lightly lying on his front, one arm under the pillow the other close to his drooling mouth. Cas peeled back the sheets to reveal Dean’s body, fields of velvety-smooth skin tinted peach in the light of dawn.
Dean watched him being teased for another moment, before deciding to slide closer, Cas immediately gripped his flannel shirt as if he was afraid that Dean would leave anytime soon.
"You sure Dean?", Sam made sure as they both decided to get to sleep and Dean went under the blanket next to Cas. "Yes, Sammy", Dean hummed annoyed, "stop making such a big deal out of it."
Dean behind him hummed, seemed to understand Cas'arousal due to the spanking. "Thought so", he heard Dean mutter to himself and promptly turned bright re from embarrassment. Excuse you? He thought so?! Unbelievable. Cas gulped and flinched as his trouser were pulled off his legs and exposed his blue boxers.
"So you want to dress up as an angel while intercourse?", Cas asked to be sure, head tilted but Dean shook his head. "Not me", he explained, "I had hoped that you could wear it."
In the end Dean just lay next to Cas, pulled the short one close to his chest and stroked his back softly. Fixing a few lost hair strains.
"Really?", Dean's eyes lit up in excitement, he jumped off the bed, "perfect, perfect okay", Dean had to calm himself down for a second and lick over his dry lips, "can you uh- undress yourself and put it on? I'll grab the lube!"
"Yes", he answered again, head falling from one side to another. "You can come as soon as you want, angel", Dean assured him, "earned it so well. So proud of you."
He gulped heavily and clenched harder onto the keys in his hand, "I-I'm sorry", he apologised uncertain, "I uh... ah..."
"Nooo, Cas, c'mon don't be petty", Dean tried to stop him and sat up, wrapped his arms around Cas' waist, "if you turn around we wouldn't be able to kiss. You love kissing."
Cas bit his lips so hard he could taste the blood mixed with Dean's come. He wiggled a bit more, harder until his wrists hurt but remained tied up.
"Dean", Cas moaned and that drew the line to Dean's patience. With his hands in Cas' hair, le leaned forward pressed their lips together. Cas muffled into the kiss and reciprocated immediately as if he had already waited for it. Dean almost instantly felt that Cas had no kissing experience but the way the angel desperately tried to imitate Dean's movement were more than enough for the hunter.
It ended in a heated discussion in the motel room, Sam sitting annoyed at the table, his laptop in front of him while Dean and Cas were fighting.
"I do", Cas answered so sincere, it flustered Dean a bit. "Shut up and let me sleep", Dean muttered and closed his eyes.
Dean grabbed both of them suddenly and turned Cas around, his chest pressed against the wall. Cas gasped as he collided with it and turned his head to the side so his nose wouldn't be squeezed in.
"I'm able to teleport but making ejaculate disappear is a 'convenient trick' for you?", Cas asked confused, squinting his eyes. "Yup", Dean grinned widely, felt completely relaxed for the first time in a long time.
"D-Dean", Cas whimpered, started to feel more confident and increased the speed, the halo almost fell off again when his head fell back. Dean quickly grabbed it and put it back in its place of course, wiping a bit of his sweat off his forehead, "so perfect, Cas. You look so pretty."
He wasn't even sure what they were currently, they had kissed and had intercourse for a few times, he was also pretty sure that Dean was jealous of that diner waitress that gave Cas her number a couple of weeks ago.
"T-That door", Cas nodded in the direction and was promptly dragged into his own bedroom, clumsily putting one foot in front of another. Dean turned the light on and looked around, inspecting closely. They stepped a few more steps into the room and Cas' legs gave in but Dean had a tight grip on him and gently put him down on his knees.
The angel looked over to Dean, then back to the Tv and back to Dean again, "but the documentary-", Cas pointed out, sounding seriously offended, "it's about bees and how the threatened environment affects them."
Sprawled out on the seat, Dean found a place between Cas' open legs and went right in for another heated kiss.
"I want too make you feel good too", Cas gasped a little too loud and carelessly grabbed Dean's Crotch which made the hunter moan. "Okay, okay, okay, wait", Dean whispered and took Cas' hand. He was way too turned on to think about any kinds of consequences.
"I-I'm-", Cas tried to apologise but was cut short when a sharp snap appeared and his right cheek began to burn. He flinched and whined into the cushion. That was so not what he had expected but better than being stabbed right?
"I'm fine, Dean!", Cas shouted annoyed, leaned casually against the car door of the impala while Sam destroyed all evidence. "Yes, because Sam and I saved you just in time! You can't just zap right into a vampire hideout!", Dean answered, pressing him against the car, "you are being way to reckless the last couple of weeks!"
Dean continued to stroke trough Cas' dark hair and watched the boy for a moment before looking around again and finding a specific thing laying on his dresser.
Dean felt the blanket rustle and then Cas tried to put a bit distance between them (as far as it was possible on the small bed), so Dean wouldn't have to feel his boner anymore.
"I feel so too", Cas answered, "I'm glad you didn't turn out to be a serial killer." Dean laughed, "I can assure you I'm not a serial killer", he said, "and I can assure you that I'm currently single too so if you maybe want, we could... grab a coffee sometime?"
"I know", Dean sighed, his mouth quirked up for a short reassuring smile, "gotta keep your army in line after all." Cas reciprocate the sad smile and breathed out a small 'yeah'.
The windows steamed up as time went on, Cas lost his coat but it stayed the same besides that. They were both horny as hell but the feeling of their lips against each other, their bodies pressed together was just too good.
"Okay, you feel offended", Dean sighed, placed the things on the bed end. "I'm a powerful celestial being, my real voice could smite your brain. I don't feel the need to put on small fake-wings and a halo out wool", Cas explained defiantly, Dean already knew what this was about.
"Yes, Sir", Cas breathed out, tried to stretch his sore muscles a bit while Dean put his underwear and pants back on. "On you bed, angel", Dean ordered and guided Cas to his own bed, untying the knot so Cas could lay comfortably on the mattress. Dean took Cas' hands and placed them over his head, tied them down on his headboard again.
And it sadly didn't take too long until he woke up, but this time because he felt way too hot. Without opening his eyes, Dean grumbled annoyed at the unknown heat source and wiggled a bit out of it, "too damn warm..."
Cas knew by now that whenever Dean would call him 'Cassie' or 'Cassie boy' it was because of nervousness or because he was drunk or horny. He calculated that it was probably two out of these three.
How could he just let the stranger do that to him? It felt so good and Dean had praised so nicely for following his orders and made him feel so useful and proud of himself.
Cas was too busy with the upcoming pleasure to comment on the compliment because Dean always told him that he didn't want to be called 'pretty' because he's not a chick.
Dean hurried to climb over to the front seat and looked in the rear mirror. He looked quite alright so far, just had to arrange his hair and shirt a bit and he was fine, you wouldn't tell what had happened just seconds ago.
Cas whined quietly and clenched his hands to fists to resist the urge to touch himself. Dean's gonna take care of him, he's not gonna leave and he's gonna make him feel good.
"I-I'm sorry, Sir", Cas gasped finally, still a bit irritated and sniffled. Dean looked up from Cas' wrists to his eyes, "hey, it's fine, nothing to apologise for. The session is over, you don't have to call me 'Sir' anymore."
"So hurting people is causing sexual stimulation?", Cas continued to ask with squinted eyes, head tilted. "Not-Not generally", Dean explained quickly, "and not every kind of pain. You wouldn't like me hitting you in the face as much as getting your hair pulled, right?", he pulled his hair just out of principle. Cas whined and nodded faintly, "I understand."
"I understand", Cas answered again and started to look around in the dark bedroom which confused Dean. The gaze ended on Dean again -like it always did- and Cas pulled his hair again, looking like a curious kid that just tried something new.
"No you can't!", Cas interrupted harshly, "there is nothing for you to do, I told you already", he continued a lot calmer but more insistent. He was also the first one to break the eye contact, looking down to his feet.
Cas flushed red in embarrassment and hid behind his hands, "I don't have daddy issues", he complained quietly, didn't sound really convincing. Dean snickered, "I'm no one to judge you. I based all my actions on how you reacted, not what your brother told me about you."
"I'll just need a moment", Cas finally answered, eyes already closed and everyone knew that it would be more than a moment. Bobby quickly went to ward his house against angels with the sigils that Cas once used. After Sam took care of most of the wounds, he brought the kit back in the kitchen and left the two boys alone.
"I read about different ways to seduce your partner and initiate sexual intercourse in different situations."
Cas watched him with wide eyes as Dean rolled the red rope around his hand, tugged on it as if he was testing something.
"You said that the last three times already", Gabriel answered, "Zachariah gave you the responsibility so he can relax while you are playing his obedient little pet."
"I apologise for waking you up, Dean", Cas muttered and vanished all of the sudden before Dean could say anything else.
"Alright, alright, we don't want you to do too much during sex, right?", Dean teased him, slowly pulling out of Cas and gaining a huff. "I am not being lazy during intercourse", Cas stated, already heard enough reproaches about the topic. "Of course not", Dean smiled, caressed Cas' back and the wings.
In a few quick seconds Dean had the rope secured tightly but comfortable from his wrists up to his upper arms. Cas tried to move his arms but failed. "U-Uh Sir?", Cas muttered quietly and got turned around again. "What is it?", Dean asked softly, his hands on Cas' sides and slowly stroking over his skin.
"Sure", Cas answered already, gaze still on the Tv. Dean hesitated, watched him a moment and then walked over to his duffel bag, "do you remember the theatre club we helped out two weeks ago?", he asked his... his whatever he was.
Cas huffed and guided Dean's hands to his rear, "go on, human." Dean snickered, kissed his way down to Cas' jaw and neck, while he used first one, then two and in the end three lines fingers to open him up.
"U-Uh...", Cas gulped, "Can we... can we continue now?", he asked shyly, still in a desperate need to come after he calmed down from the shock. Dean eyes widened again, "you want to continue the session?"
Cas was yanked up by the rope suddenly, leaving him breathless. "Where's your bedroom baby?", Dean whispered hot in his ear, pressing him closely to his chest. Cas needed to catch his breath for a moment. It was happening. Where they gonna have sex now? Was he a prostitute after all? A prostitute with a thing for ropes? And suits?
"More?", Dean teased him, "want to get your ass spanked more?" Cas shook his head wildly and pushed his hips forward, "m-more pleasure, S-Sir please."
"Dean, work quicker", he demanded, nails scratching over the hunter's back accidentally. "Alright, alright", Dean soothed him, sliding out of Cas, to place him over his erected dick, "here you go sweetheart."
God, Dean could do anything to him right now. Holding him firmly, just watching Cas following his orders.
"Guys?", appeared Sam's voice from outside, "I uh... I've waited like ten minutes already and I don't want to be the downer but it's freaking freezing out here."
"God, you wouldn't believe how crowded-", Sam stopped as he looked over to the red faces of his brother and friend. His gaze went down to the empty bottles, "seriously Dean?", Sam sighed and placed the boxes on the table, "stop trying to get Cas drunk."
"S-Sir or master?", Cas repeated, clawing desperately at his suit. The man looked barely older than Cas but he still wanted to be called Sir. Dean looked up from his bag and stalked back to him. "Did I speak unclear?", he asked with an harsh undertone that made Cas flinch. "N-No", Cas quickly shook his but Dean just continued to stare at him, "No, S-Sir."
They placed Cas on Dean's bed as soon as they were back at the motel, leaving his Trenchcoat on one of the chairs. "Should we get another room for him?", Sam asked his brother after a long look to Castiel. "Nah, it's fine", Dean refused with a hand gesture, "he'll wake up soon enough. I bet he won't stay the night", he said, grabbed a beer a for him and Sam and turned on the TV.
Cas licked his lips and looked up, leaned into the warmth of Dean's hand while looking at the man, "sh-shaky", he answered honest, "but-but good. Feeling good." His eyes fell down to Dean's obvious tent in his suit pants.
It wasn't his fault that they were in the middle of a hunt when Cas decided to show up just to check in and ended up helping but got knocked out by the werewolf.
Cas nervously twitched and tried to move a bit but was firmly but not harmful restrained. "It's alright, angel", Dean soothed him, his hand hovering over his exposed chest before he leaned back took off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves a bit. The jacket fell on the chair beside the dresser and Cas wanted to say something just as Dean walked straight out of the door without saying another word. His eyes went wide when he was left alone, tied up and half naked in his bedroom.
Cas spent most of his time upstairs in heaven, fighting against Raphael and his soldiers. Sam and him were on a normal werewolf hunt but needed the angels help so Dean prayed for him but Cas appeared hours later when they were already done with the job.
"Yeah, I can tell", Dean muttered and wiped the leaves of his dirty Trenchcoat, "war doesn't seem to go that well, huh?"
"I'm feeling rather fine, thank you Sam", Cas answered kinda wanky, sank deeper into the seat back. Sam just looked at Dean with raised eyebrows but just got a shrug in return.
Dean's thumb stroke over his cheek when the white shirt went down, "doing perfectly", he soothed. Cas kinda doubted that since Dean was angry for a few times already but still glad about the loving tone.
"Heaven", Cas answered so quiet Dean almost didn't hear it. But he did and snickered at the answer, his hands still stroking him in the same slow pace. "Is it nice there?", Dean asked, licking over his tip. Cas gasped suddenly, hips jerking but quickly calming down again.
"Dean, you wear a lot more than me currently and I don't think that's appropriate", Cas murmured in between little kisses. Dean snickered quietly, one hand stroking softly trough Cas' hair, "I think so too", Dean admitted with a big grin, "but I feel like you should help out a bit."
"Take off your suit and the shirt", Dean ordered calmly, his hand present around his throat. He didn't harden his grip and Cas could still breath but it was still there, assembling the dominance. Cas quickly shrugged off the suit and opened the buttons of his shirt with shaking fingers.
They started driving towards the hotel in an uncomfortable silence, Dean's knuckles went white from clenching so hard onto the wheel, driving as fast as possible.
Cas played with his fingers and thought for a moment before he nodded, "I know", he muttered finally, "I didn't mean to accuse you of that. We can try it out."
"Dean I killed most of the vampires, can't you just appreciate that?!", Cas huffed and pushed the taller man off him. "Sure, next time I'll appreciate it after I burn your dead body!", Dean growled back, gripping the collar of his coat. "Dean, you're overreacting!", Cas huffed and grabbed his wrists.
Dean realised his mistake when Cas' hand hopped his wrist way to tight, a sharp gasp leaving the angel's lips. The hunter gulped, the branch fell down and he let go of Cas' hair as of he just burned himself, "geez Cas- I'm- sorry, man. I forgot."
Dean meanwhile was trying to catch his breath again, his hands still in Cas' hair and stroking it, "you did so perfectly well", he praised the smaller and wiping off the last come stains with his thumb and making Cas lick it off his finger, "you deserve a nice reward, don't you think so?", he continued and pulled Cas carefully up on his shaking feet again.
He suddenly felt a tug in his hair, caused by Cas of course who thought that this -out of all occasions- was the perfect moment for it. Dean's gaze went back to him, meeting Cas' curious and almost hopeful expression.
"Yeah, I capiche", Cas answered immediately. Dean snorted quietly, couldn't believe how Cas could be a celestial warrior and a dorky little guy at once. Dean took all his courage and reached under the cover, grabbed Cas by the hip and pulled him closer.
"A-Angel", Cas answered softly and shifted, moaned when the chains shifted to. "Angel?", Dean repeated with a big grin on his lips, "you my precious little angel?"
Dean snickered and pinched his sides, earning a low whimper, "knew you needed something to calm you and make you feel good. Do you know what a Subspace is, angel?"
Cas was the one to come first all over the two of them, struggled a bit to continue the pace but tried his best so Dean could come too. And he did after just a few thrusts, pressing Cas as close to him as possible, kissing the tired angel senseless.
"Now?", Dean answered surprised, "dude, you may have some strange angel stamina but I don't. Gimme a break buddy. We don't have much time till Sam and I have to hit the road again too so I guess we gotta reschedule round two."
Dean stood up again but was stopped by Cas' hand on his arm, "please don't go", Cas begged, hated how desperate he sounded. "I won't, I won't", Dean assured him and stroke his hair like he did before, "I'll make sure that you are fine before I'll leave. And we'll have to talk about it more."
"I don't know what a Dom is. Is... are you a Dom? I thought maybe...", Cas stopped in the middle of the sentence.
Shame came over Cas, he tried to hold back the upcoming tears and sobs. He was so stupid and Gabriel was so right and now he's gonna get robbed and left behind.
Dean hesitated too when he saw Cas' frightened look and the watery eyes, the bag fell to the ground. "Castiel?", Dean asked worried and hurried back to the boy, untying him, "I'm sorry, I should have told you where I was going. Did you hurt yourself?"
Cas turned red and hid himself in Dean's shirt because Dean was absolutely right. He really was desperately to pleasure him.
Cas slowly removed his face from Dean's neck and sat straight up. The hunter could finally see him completely and most importantly the wings and halo that look so good on him, especially now when he was naked and bouncing on his cock.
"I should be more egoistic?", Cas asked, "fine", he shut his laptop and got up from the couch to push Gabriel to his front door, "I'm being egoistic in throwing you out. Don't drink too much", he said before locking a nagging Gabriel out of his apartment.
"That's unfortunate", Cas muttered, sounding actually disappointed, "I was very curious of the sensation."
He really didn't knew what to say so he just continued to stare and tried not to slobber over the sight.
Dean heard the angel sigh but ignored it and rummaged trough his bag while he heard Cas shuffle out of his clothes. He even waited for a few moments longer until he couldn't hear the rustling anymore and Cas' voice filled the room again.
"I know-", oh god maybe it wasn't a prostitute. Maybe Gabriel booked some shady dude who's gonna beat the shit out of him.
"It's uh-", Dean gulped, "it's an angel costume. I thought it was uh... cute and maybe we could use it during sex."
"Cas?!", Dean hissed as he recognised that deep voice and the pretty eyes, "dude, what the hell?", he rubbed his eyes, the gun back under his pillow, "the creepy staring while I sleep is one thing but touching me while I sleep is a whole new level, dude. Were you trying to wake me up?"
"Yeah and he's heavier than he looks", Dean murmured and got into his car, "I hope he wakes up soon."
Cas squinted confused and just wordlessly held the eye contact trough his glasses. "You have such pretty eyes", Dean muttered fascinated and seemed to be in his own thoughts for a moment while Cas just wanted to release some of the enorm lust he felt. After he realised that Dean didn't seem to say something he just broke the eye contact silently and went back to work.
"Buddy", he cleared his throat, "no that- no. Not the right mood. You gotta-", Dean didn't knew how he should explain it to the angel, "not everyone's that sensitive so you got to bring them in the mood, you know? Like foreplay. Kissing, rubbing, dirty talk, whatever. Why are you so into it anyway? Got a chick on the hook or something?"
Cas hold back a whine when Dean rubbed his palm against his butt. "You remember what I told you to do, baby?", Dean asked him so softly in contrast to the hard slaps, Cas could tear up. "C-Call you sir or master, Sir?", Cas asked after a taking a long breath. Dean huffed amused but still massaged his butt, "that too, yes", he soothed, "but I meant in terms of punishment."
But then again, Dean strictly didn't want to tell Sam -even though it was clear that he already knew- and didn't want to show any affection towards the angel outside of motel rooms or the Impala but he made always sure to make up for it afterwards because he felt bad for it. Cas calculated that they were in this complicated situation either because he was in a male vessel and Dean had a really twisted mindset when it came to that. Or because it was because of his true entity as an angel. Maybe it was both.
It was getting to Cas sometimes more than he wished for. The thought that Dean would turn him down someday because of what he truly was, was a fear he had never experienced before. He was trying to act more and more like a human but both of them knew that he would always remain an angel of the lord.
"You-", Dean stopped and closed his eyes as he fully understood Cas' words, "you were trying to get me off?! While I was asleep?! Dude, that's way too weird even for you."
"So it didn't work?", Cas asked, almost sounding disappointed. "Cas", Dean sighed and sat up, the blanket fell from his chest into his lap, "to make it pleasurable you need to set up a certain mood. It's a difference if you pull someone's hair while they sleep or if you do it while you fuck, got it?"
"I'm just wondering why you are not making a big deal out of it", Sam replied curious. "Its just Cas man", Dean answered unimpressed, glancing over to the angel who looked so peacefully just laying there, their shoulders touching, "besides he's unconscious and sure as hell wouldn't mind."
The wings flapped at every new thrust, the halo swung around, Dean really enjoyed just watching the angel falling apart on him. He leaned in and captured Cas' lips again. Cas continued to moan, voice getting higher and higher but the sounds get swallowed by Dean.
"You gotta be as quiet as possible, alright?" Cas nodded, lips pressed together as Dean reached his white boxers. They were so close, he could feel Cas' hot breath against his face, "close your eyes", Dean told the angel who pouted. "Why?"
Dean hold Cas in place with one hand and reached for the glasses with the other. After a moment of inspecting the round glasses he pulled Cas back, who whined because of that, and put the glasses on him.
