As soon as the connection between Vision’s “shiny yellow forehead gem” and the other Infinity Stones is established, Lang is actually quite quick on the get-up. He balks at the sight of their info board, which, yeah, appropriate reaction; But his eyes don’t betray any fear of regret of his decision of coming out to help – if anything, Lang is curious, detail-oriented, and his eyes skim through the links between one information to another with surprising speed, cataloging the evidence in his own mind in a way that will help him navigate through it, even if differently than they will.
“There is?” Tony asks hysterically, eyes wide and mouth open. FRIDAY doesn’t reply immediately, but a new projection comes up beside the one of Tony’s armor, quick and bright, and
He knows that soon enough, there will be an announcement that is going to change everything. He can feel it in his gut, and he’s just waiting for it to happen. Scott’s case might change their plans entirely, might pave a way for them to go back – or ensure that they will never see the compound or be
, factually; the… Snap, if he can call it that, was random. He has seen FRIDAY’s estimates and calculations – there is no refined moral or reason at play to choose who got caught in Thanos’ game, they just… did.
“There’s no better place than Grigorio’s.” Tony tells him, with certainty. “But take out is a no-go – it’s in Boston.”
And in a way, he has a point – Tony would never have programmed any of his creations to hold beliefs like that. It’s not his style, it’s not the way
Consider this a Part I to Bruce. His involvement with Tony goes deeper than you'd think at first glance, so it'll take more than one chapter to talk about it, especially when packed with plot - but Bruce's contribution is essential to some matters we'll deal with further down the line, so don't think this isn't important now. Remember when I said I wasn't done with CW? I meant that. And it's going to be relevant very, very soon. And Bruce is going to play a part it this.
“So you noticed too.” Steve huffs, but there is no mistaking the sarcasm in his voice. His lips are curling back in a mockery of a smile, he feels the way it deforms his face into something ugly, something evil, something he wishes he couldn’t feel at all.
And the movie starts but Steve is still there, frozen and confused, so… so overwhelmed that Tony would do this, would leave his workshop and bring him a smoothie while Steve’s passing time, to make him company and watch a movie with him – to
it is. It’s a little on the heavier side, definitely a little heavier than Tony’s other hand if Steve were to grab it too, but it’s sleek and bright and incredible, plates locked together seamlessly, mechanical joints bending and gripping so naturally it can only be the work of a genius. Steve has to snap his gaze away from it and back to Tony, or else he’ll pull too hard and only cause another accident, like pulling Tony directly into himself or something.
“Steve.” Natasha insists, leaning forward so she can look him in the face, after he has lowered his head and closed his eyes in a vain attempt to block the overwhelming sensations out. “Why would Tony need to put the Reactor back on?”
Steve, the absolute monster, is still wiping the floor with Tony even after eating enough to feed an entire family. Tony is going to demand a rematch. They gather a small crowd around them, a bunch of excited kids who watch them play with stars in their eyes and big grins in their faces, and Tony pretends he’s not smiling back and holding back laugher at their jittery joy, even as they loudly cheer in Steve’s favor and not his’, the little rascals.
“I believe we still have open lines to thirty-nine nations. I am currently working on opening on seven channels more.” FRIDAY reports. “I also have guaranteed access to all functioning SHIELD satellites, as requested by Agent Romanov.”
, but he can’t focus on them long enough to actually interpret the ever-changing columns and pie charts, so it all jumbles inside his head in a mess he can’t even begin to imagine how he must untangle.
“Yeah. It sounds crazy when you say it like that.” He agrees, looking back and realizing how little time they had actually spent together before Steve joined SHIELD.
. He doesn’t have the strength to hold that though so close to his chest as he had before, to use it the same way he used the Arc Reactor, to keep his heart beating, to keep his promise to Yinsen alive. To remind himself not to waste his life.
But for some reason, Natasha can’t seem to do it now. She, of all people, who could shed alliances and identities like an animal would leave behind its shell, adapting and surviving no matter the circumstance – she doesn’t seem to be able to move forward from this.
“Cap.” Clint says on comms, staring at Tony, an evil grin spreading across his face. “Double that if you can convince him to leave!”
It’s a fair assumption, too. Tony doubts anyone would have come down without being prompted – no one ever did, before. It was an unspoken arrangement between him and the team, sort of. Never really discussed, but it was just how things had developed – the workshop had remained Tony’s sanctuary, neutral-ish ground between his SI business and his Avenger life, and whatever interaction had happened between Tony and the team, it mostly had occurred in the upper floors, never down here; with, of course, the exception of Bruce.
tries. Even worse, she always tries to back him up into a corner by doing what she knows he can’t resist –
Jarvis’ whole body sags a bit in relief, and he repeats, his voice dripping with emotion. “Thank you, Ms. Carter.”
But the feel of the cold floor and the sterile smell of the room make it all so real. He hears voices loud and clear, he feels hands and he feels dull aches wherever they touch him, but he also feels so, so
“If you don’t understand, then the rest of us have no hope, Doc.” Lang laughs, breathlessly, and he sounds so much like he has a crush that they just look at him like he’s lost his mind kind of on instinct, and Lang jumps in his seat and gives Bruce a tight smile, bashful. “Sorry.”
in this union seems to please them. Is this what all their weddings look like? No wonder the people in the South thought them savages; Imagine, expressing genuine emotion and happiness in the Court? As if.
Tony has imagined how this moment would go. Over and over and over again. He tried not to, but he did – and right now, despite how they made rounds incessantly inside his brain in those nights went the memories became just a little too much, when he looked over his shoulder expecting to see a person standing there and found only emptiness, every single one of those fantasies are scattered and scratchy, itching at the corners of his mind with uncomfortable static, a radio transmission too broken to rely any information across. Even if he tries to grasp it, they just melt between his fingertips, slippery and untrustworthy, running away from him. He can’t comprehend anything but the
, and it all comes crashing down on him at once; The regret, the fear, the guilt, and Tony always tears himself apart when it happens, each time more destructive, each time having less and less to give in an attempt to save whatever is left.
about them kissing should not be enough to destroy the bond they’ve build over the past few years together.
In his chest, something that is both relief and dread flare out like a warning sign, exploding in red and sparks of heat, and it’s nauseating that he can even feel the slightest twinge of anything other than the most intense happiness for Tony for not having lost his fiancé. But he does. He does, because Steve is a weak man, and somewhere inside, somewhere he won’t admit exists not even to himself, feels even worse when he sees Pepper on his side, feels even more lost, because Pepper is a blind spot in Steve’s vision, a person that Steve doesn’t know well and cannot predict, and the possibility of Tony refusing to give him the smallest chance to make amends and rebuild trust between them in favor of leaving with Pepper again, away from them, to never return – selfishly, it makes Steve resent Pepper a little, because Steve is beyond the point where he can pretend to be good, to be charitable, to feign to be anything other than the wreck that he really is.
He wouldn’t. Steve’s not like that. Maybe he’ll scream at Tony’s face, it’s been a while since they’ve done that but it’s definitely a classic, but the screaming is usually an impulsive reaction, and Steve is not reacting impulsively. He’s not reacting at all, in fact. Tony doesn’t move either, half-frozen in place, and he acutely tastes the champagne and feels the incredible warmth of Steve’s body for what feels like an eternity, and as nice as that is, he is very aware that this is an awful, awkward kiss.
She told him to come upstairs, he remembers, as he dries himself with a towel absentmindedly. He doesn’t know how long ago, he realizes, as he slips into comfortable sleeping clothes, worn out and faded by time and constant use, things he kept for no reason even as he moved out and bought new ones. She had been busy, he tells himself, as a way of comforting his racing heart, as he sits on the edge of the bed and stares at the floor, twisting his toes on the carpet, just to feel the soft scratch of it.
“She knew where it was.” Nebula explains, “A barren planet named Vormir. She was the only one who knew. He took her, and he
Rhodey is talking to someone on the other side, hushed tones full of anxiety, as Nebula turns to him with a gaze so acid it makes him taste it at the back of his tongue. Tony almost shrugs at her, coy, but he’s not quite managing to pull the right expression off.
By the end of the second day, Peggy is almost convinced she had just lost Tony Stark forever. It would have been the second time in his life he would have died. The thought of it almost makes her nauseous, her stomach heavy with sadness and worry, desolate by the loss of a boy – not a machine. A
Clint Barton, this one is for you. The very definition of It Gets Worse Before it Gets Better, this chapter breaks a lot more than it fixes - but dismantling something is the best way to find the root of the problem, so that's exactly what we're gonna go.
, and he can’t take it back. Once again, the fragile bonds that kept him grounded snapped, this time by his own hand, and all he has left are these burned ropes and burning bridges, and nothing else.
Tony gives a wry chuckle, failing completely to sound nonchalant, but he does it anyway. “Guess I wasn’t ready to be released of the hospital just yet.”
“Did you manage to sleep?” Tony asks in the general direction of the room, to all of them, and they all give varying uneasy nods, eyes skirting away – even Nebula and the raccoon, when Tony shoots them a glance a little more intense, worry burning in his guts. Tony believes some of them. Some, not all.
He stops, taking in a shaky breath, feeling rattled from his own outburst – his emotions are running to close to the surface, almost beneath the skin, and it’s exhausting, it’s so exhausting to be here, to
“Well, you didn’t say it, but you really think I can’t tell what you’re thinking when you have that look on your face?” He looks down, and she leans forward to she can still look in his eyes even though he’s trying to escape, undeterred. “Hey. Listen. I’m not blaming you. I’m not blaming anybody.”
Steve let the goddamned thing hit him far more than he should. He probably has a bruise on his temple, a cut on his lip, maybe a huge mark of a fist on his left cheek. He probably looks like he’s been to hell and back. The thing is – he doesn’t give a
It’s— It’s unsettling. Not because of his appearance, no, they are all used to that, despite the alien color of his skin and his irises, the too-careful way he moves or the calculated angles of his expression. No, it’s the suddenness of it all, the shock of meeting again after so many months apart with no contact whatsoever, not a message, not a
“I love you.” He says, breathlessly. “I’ll always love you. Despite everything, even with all I’ve done, if it didn’t look like it… I love you. I need – I need you to know that.”
“He’s the guy on the statue. He’s screaming to a group of… about two hundred people – who are all very avid listeners.” She informs. “Should I take him down?”
“You can trust us.” Shuri assures him; but he can see it in her eyes, she knows he won’t believe her. “He is safe here.”
“But it was never about you wanting to be a hero.” Pepper clarifies, placing a hand on his chest, over his heart, delicate. It
that washes over him and renders him totally mute. He feels the way the words get stuck in his throat, blocking his airways like clogged pipes; and he might have flinched so hard that not even the feel of his muscles turning into stone is enough to stop him from visibly recoiling, if the way the king’s gaze sharpens suddenly in his direction.
. It’s not fair to Nebula, they don’t even know each other, not really, and Tony doesn’t want to allow himself to dwell too much on what are the unspoken connections he could so easily make between himself and her without even thinking about it.
And although it feels like sinking with anchors attached to his ankles, he has to wait, because as much as Steve doesn’t mind charging ahead and doing what it must be done, Steve still wants to know… He really wants to know if, someday, he will be needed.
“The water tanks. They should be working, if no one has intentionally destroyed them.” Carter reasons. “The building has automatic fire-detecting alarms, but if for some reason they don’t work, we need to go straight to the source.”
“Alright. You know what? You can decide if you tell Jarvis about him or not. I have to go anyway, the sponsors are waiting for me, just let me know later if you need me to implement something.”
thinks Steve is getting something out of it he doesn’t want to admit. Or maybe something he doesn’t even realize he’s getting in the first place. It’s hard for him to pinpoint what it is, because he has never been particularly good at
But for now, this is it! Tony, my dear, I’ve missed you terribly. Sorry about that, but you’re gonna hurt for a while. For a good cause, I promise. For all of you who are desperate for our promised SteveTony reunion, fear not, it'll come eventually – but if you think I’m going to make it easy on them, think again. Thanos deals a hard blow, but their problems exist since way before that and I’m not using the space grape as an excuse to pretend five other movies haven’t happened. They have. And in this house, there will be no shoving our problems under the rug. You gotta learn how to use your words, boys. If we gotta do it the hard way, so be it.
The trip to the hospital is a lost cause then. They take the only thing they have, heavy hearts and a body count, and retreat back to the Compound to regroup, reorganize, to…
It’s near impossible to look inside the plane, even with the aid of the helmets. It’s all black, as far as they can see.
“It was Wanda who asked to talk to him.” Clint explains. “She was… really upset. She didn’t take their falling out well. The way she stopped him when I went to get her from the Compound, the airport… I think—”
There’s very little of him that’s not focusing completely on Bucky or his surroundings. So he must admit, the beauty that is Wakanda almost slips him by.
He feels something odd in the air, a weird sensation of needles lightly touching his nape, the sensation of
Wanda makes a noise like she wants to protest, but whatever she was about to say, she doesn’t get the chance.
“We all hurt each other.” Natasha argues, but not as if she’s trying to make it better. It’s simply a statement of the truth. “But we all can do wrong when we’re trying to make things right. Tony knows this better than anyone. Trust me, Cap… He will forgive you.”
Vision understands this as sign that their conversation has ended, and he takes a step back himself, putting some distance between them so he can take his leave safely. Lost, Steve watches as he turns and looks at Wanda, his expression fond, and she gives him a shy wave back, brows scrunched up together and eyes sad, but the tiny smile in her face speaks of a promise that this is not a permanent separation, and she’ll be
Tony takes in a shuddering breath, raises his head, swallows back down all the shrieks and screams and pleas he has roaring inside, letting them die suffocated between the spaces beneath his ribs, and nods.
And Bruce is right. They do. They do have the right to know. Tony asked them questions about what happened in the past three years, and it’s not fair of him to assume they wouldn’t ask about him. Or maybe not unfair, but
“The gauntlet. Please.” Tony motions to the armor with his head, and when Pepper turns around, she exhales a soft
No one talks about the solo Hulk movie these days. Unfortunately, I'm gonna have to break this vow of silence.
Tony reaches out, and puts his hand on the panic bar. His palm is clammy and disgusting. He has no strength to push it.
They lay down and curl around each other, unable to stand to be apart when so much has already stood in their way for the previous days, and they both fall asleep almost instantly; To a fitful, distraught sleep, the first of many in nights to come.
Steve knows he does, even though he feels like sometimes he has to remind himself of that fact. He does. Steve has a tactical mind, but very small tact with feelings, and even he could see the little things Tony did for them through the years. He gave Bruce a lab. He gave Natasha protection. He gave Clint weapons. He gave them all a home.
“Thank you, JARVIS.” Cap says, and he steals a quick glance to the ceiling, as if JARVIS was there – it’s kind of cute. “And thanks, Tony, but I’m sure it won’t be necessary. I can’t ask you to buy things for me – you are already being very generous in letting us stay in your home.”
They destroyed HYDRA, they did what they had to do, but how many others had lost their lives when they did it, and why hadn’t no one
Steve raises his sketchbook and shows him the drawing, his neck flushing unbearably, but he stands strong, holding Tony’s gaze confidently, unafraid of being genuine with him.
“Could we reach those places and search for him if we wanted to, with the ships we’ve got?” Rogers asks Rocket, expression closed off, the telltale indicator of how his mind is quickly multitasking, strategizing as they speak.
” Tony exhales, so, so relieved, so glad he can feel himself shake with overwhelming emotion. His breath is stuttering, his back muscles actually hurt and pinch from exertion with each and every too-deep inhale, but he pays it no mind. His eyes go upward, unnecessarily,
“Although Mr. Stark might not be comfortable admitting it, he still is very concerned for you. All of you.” Vision confesses, and then makes a thoughtful expression. “I believe the common saying is
Every single breath Tony takes in that’s too deep damn nearly sends him into panic, every beat of his heart is painful and a reminder that soon enough, if he doesn’t do anything –
But that same relentlessness it’s also a curse. A vice. It’s how people can so easily become addicted to power and influence, and it’s the reason why Howard can seem so detached from others in the present. because he’s never really there. He’s always in the future. And he doesn’t care that some people might find him arrogant for it, because they don’t understand, and he doesn’t have time to explain himself to anyone when there’s so much more important matters he has to pay attention to.
But it’s not like he expected them to care. They have bigger concerns. And unlike Bruce’s issue with the Hulk, or Thor’s drastic changes and a new weapon, it’s not
She grips him tight and she screams, totally unhinged, her hair wild and her glasses askew, her clothes too thin and her body shaking, her fingertips blue from the cold, her skin sickly sweaty – and Cap, lost before her, just stands there and
“Those of you who have no rooms,” he glances at Nebula. “Can pick any room you like from the west wing. They’re all available.”
He rubs his hands over his face, as if he could wipe away the exhaustion with his fingers – and the lack of a weight on his forearm is so disconcerting he almost feels like he is missing a limb.
on metal.” He mumbles to himself, his foot tapping insistently on the floor, anxious energy flowing through him in an unstoppable wave, the same jittery feeling he always gets when he’s right at the cusp of figuring out the answer to a puzzle, but he’s not
honest about it. To do the thing that he fees, deep in his gut, with more certainty than anything else, that he was meant to do. It’s too much for them, to keep this fight alive and to keep pushing and pulling in directions the other simply cannot give, much less… much less for the rest of their lives.
“Mantis.” Tony explains, and not even a millisecond later, realizes that’s no explanation at all for most of the people in the room – and, thoughtlessly, he says, before he can think better of it: “FRI, pull up all footage from Mark L from between the attack in New York and my return to the Compound. Search for visuals of Thanos, the big, ugly, purple dude. Show me what you can find.”
look away, to put his foot down and take his stand, as he should have done ever since the beginning. Tony doesn’t know how to back down, and even when he tries, it never lasts long. Hell, ask
Wanda clears her throat gently, rubbing her hand against her cheek to wipe away the moisture of the tears, and he sniffs before replying, her voice surprisingly steady: “Yes. Yes, it’s fine. Viz and I needed to talk, that’s all.” She pauses, and shoots Vision a light, unsure smile. “Everything is fine now.”
Maria never gets over it. How does one get over the death of a son? How can they cope with such loss, how can they ever fill that void if it aches every single day, such an ugly reminder of the tragedy that happened that night?
The Villain of the Week – not an award, just a simple description for the current occupational hazard – is genuinely not a big deal. Calls himself…
“No one asked you.” Tony quips back, humorously. “You want me do to my magic on your suit, or are you just gonna sit here and complain about my children?”
“Are you sure?” Tony insists, motioning towards the books. “We could use your help. Maybe with the translation of some of these.”
to go away with how thoroughly they got it on when they finally made it to bed, has to shamefully admit that he goes a little hot at the sight. “I get it. Morning after, it’s awkward. Haven’t done this much, so I thought maybe the way to make it
It’s so – so frustratingly familiar. Rogers’ evasiveness. Tony knows what Rogers is trying to do, and maybe, some other time, in some other circumstance, he’d be glad about it. Maybe! At least Rogers isn’t
, leaning against the door of the workshop, muscles so tense and taut Tony can almost see the outline through his shirt, from where he crosses his arms in a self-defensive posture that’s far too strained to be comforting.
“People need medical assistance.” Pepper also reminds them, and she and several other people look at Bruce expectantly, and Bruce recoils instinctively and retracts into himself, stepping back.
The rustle and noise that indicate the presence of other people, although loud, is always too distant to be a concern. Or maybe
Tony lets out a whimper that is so anguished he sounds like an animal, and it hurts his ears. He wants it to stop. He tries to scream, but the only thing that comes out is the same sound again. His throat is closing up.
“We can’t shoot them, we can’t gas them.” Cap levels, a deep crease in the middle of his fiercely scrunched eyebrows, jaw visibly locked hard even beneath the fullness of his beard. “Shooting will cause panic, gas is not an option with our current
“We’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.” Rogers cuts in, firmly. “But we really need an answer, Wong. You heard what they said. They’re willing to try, and so are we. Can you help us find out more about the Stones to make sure we can fight this guy?”
“I guess I should say I’m sorry about you and Rogers, but I don’t think you would appreciate that.” Ross mocks, as he gathers his papers and folders and tucks them under his arm, slow and dragging, as if he’s savoring the motion - savoring his
And suddenly, the instinct to argue back and tell her this is Tony’s fault, not hers, rises inside him and engulfs him like a tidal wave, and there is a moment, a second where he freezes in time, where the world stops spinning, and he wonders if saying the words will actually make any difference. If it’ll only hurt them more, if he says it.
Even if it’s not real. They’ll all take whatever piece of Tony Stark is left, because now it’s all they have.
Tony reminds himself that this is Nebula he’s talking to, probably one of the fiercest people in the universe,
“Then why are you upset?” He asks, a little insensitively, maybe, but it’s such genuine shock that he can’t even think twice before blurting out the words.
“It is crazy.” Natasha counters. “I’ve never trusted anyone like that. It took me two years to trust
“What about the Outriders?” Natasha remembers. “If you can find the coordinates from Thanos’ ship, would the ships from the army he sent be connected to his own?”
“Yes. Of course. Every document can.” He admits. “It could go out of control and they could demand that everyone sign it. Every superhero, every special agent that sympathizes with us. They could have asked personal information – and then
, but the sound won’t come out of his mouth, so he just ends up moving his lips in a vague imitation of the sentence. Roger’s lips twist anxiously, like those words he’s keeping in are just trying to claw their way up his throat and out of his mouth, and he’s keeping them in by sheer will alone, jaw locked so tight not even a crowbar could force open his teeth.
And— And that is making all kinds of conflicting feelings bloom in Steve’s heart, feelings that are a mix of fondness and curiosity and concern, fear and hope walking side by side, wishing he could do something to make sure this won’t end in tears for either of them. But he can’t do that. And
through and through, even if they can do more! They are human first and foremost. They have rights and those rights had been
“It’s worth the try.” Bruce insists, looking at Tony with pleading eyes. “Whatever Thanos gave them, even if it’s not exactly a new kind of element, it was definitely pretty strong. Maybe it could give us a hint that would speed this up.”
“After the attack in New York by the circular spaceship and after you were gone, Boss, no other invaders have been spotted in the United States.” FRIDAY informs, and as she does, she pulls up various images from cameras on the streets or nearby establishments that managed to capture any images of the Flying Donut descending in New York and Tony’s fight with Strange and Wong against the creepy mummy alien. “Ten hours after you followed the attacker leading the spaceship and the capture of Dr. Strange, Captain Rogers and the rest of the Avengers entered the building to meet Colonel Rhodes and Doctor Banner, interrupting Colonel Rhodes’ meeting with Secretary Ross.”
Suddenly, Steve feels physically unable to speak. Something inside him begs him to cause a distraction, to question where Wanda is, why is Vision staying, for how long, and what exactly does it mean. That part of him is screaming, trying to get away as quickly as it can, shutting down all of its attention and raising its walls, trying futilely to keep Steve’s heart unaware, safe and protected in its ignorance, until time passes, and he just
“Wanda.” Clint takes advantage of the pause Steve makes before responding to interrupt, leaning to the side of the chair so he can see Wanda more clearly past Vision, who is blocking is sight. “You alright?”
“Yes, you.” Thor shifts his weight, gaining confidence. “Daughter of Thanos. Nebula. I know it’s too perfect to be a coincidence. And you arrived with Stark – I do not know how it could be any more clear.”
, Maria.” It’s what he says, and he doesn’t realize how awful it is. “It has to be updated. That’s the only way it can improve.”
They’re not even Nazis, they’re just common people, and even the slightest moment of distraction means civilian casualties, and that’s everything Tony has been fighting against for literal years. It’s what they destroyed their team over. They have weapons but they can’t
Rogers shakes his head. “No. We know about as much as you do about those Particles. Probably less, actually.” He says, but the humor in his words is hollow. “Scott was very protective of the secrets of his suit. Something about not wanting to get on Pym’s bad side.”
“Woah, there. Nice to know you think so highly of me, Cap.” Clint scoffs, pushing the glass away and turning his body to face Steve, pushing out his chest and making himself even larger, an unconscious gesture to demonstrate he is not cowering before Steve’s piercing glare. “Of
, not for real, but— but he remembers the wild look in Tony’s face when the helmet broke, the blood dripping from his nose, the cracks and scratches in the armor, the
“It hadn’t been used since.” Thor continues, and after a beat, a deep, shuddering breath escapes his parted lips, his eyes dropping to the floor in what almost looks like shame, and he turns his back; to Loki’s picture, to the Tesseract, to the entire thing. He turns to them like a prisoner awaiting sentence, expecting judgment, and sorrowfully, he says, “Loki took it, when we escaped – and Thanos took it from him, when he attacked our ship, and… And killed him. Killed my people.”
”, before stepping back and walking away, distant enough that she can’t hear them, but where she could still watch Vision leave when he did.
Tony looks at him silently, mouth gaping and forehead scrunched in a frown, at a complete loss for words.
Tony is allowed to critique the guy’s tech, he’s an expert on it, and even basic juniors would understand that the point of making a thousand tiny robots is to have them act overwhelming, not scattering around like a rat infestation. This is New York. They have
Maybe once, Tony would have done anything he needed to for them, to appease their anger and resentment, he would have broken his own back to ensure the team would be brought together again – but not anymore. Because Tony has
Other students have come in after him, and as the paths and dorms and training rooms start to fill, he readily settles into the spirit of teamwork the Academy promotes. It’s his favorite thing. He makes plenty use of the Gym and the Archives, gets a lot of work done at SHIELD HQ, and he even practices some speeches at the Auditorium every once in a while. It doesn’t even take much convincing for Fury and Pepper Potts to allow him to make an obstacle course, and it’s great to see other people use the space he’s put together for them.
, they don’t… talk… exactly… But they understand me! That’s the point. I can direct them to do certain things. That’s how I got here – Anthony flew me here.”
Tony hides his face in his hands, pressing his palms against his eyes until it actually hurts, struggling not to lash out in frustration to this entire spiel of
At first, he couldn’t understand why Bucky didn’t believe him when he told him, over and over again, that he wasn’t the Winter Soldier. That it wasn’t his fault. And it’s
“But you know what?” He huffs. “I get it. Are we insulted because people want some proof that they can trust us? Sure. But they
Pepper’s sigh behind him is so deep and heartfelt that Tony almost feels bad for how intensely she is experiencing this, how taxing this is being on her, especially when he can see that the others barely react in face of his opinion; The only shift happening in their gaze, as the years and years of habit merely makes them take the new information and immediately add it to their own plans and estimates, barely registering in any emotional way before being converted into a simple mindset of a goal to be achieved.
The crossing back is just as jarring as the first one – the smell is the worst thing, the quality of the air, and even as they step back into the brightly lit, open space of the workshop, Tony feels claustrophobic, a wave of sluggish exhaustion finally hitting him like it had been waiting all this time for a moment where his defenses would give just a little bit, crashing against them like a freight train. The vaguely knows the others are shuffling about uncertainly, picking up the books and skimming through them lazily, unsure of how to proceed now they are back and have new, unexpected information to work with, but have yet to find a way to translate them to make them useful.
Nebula reaches out quickly and unplugs the thing with a quick, deadly movement – half-breaking it, seems like, because instead of flat-lining the machine just goes completely silent – and looks back at Tony, looking two seconds away from wringing his neck.
“Want me to take a look at that arm?” Tony easily suggests, the thought not even making itself clear in his head before he’s blurting it out.
doesn’t let him see right. They’re loud enough, they’re enraged enough; And Tony can’t hurt them, none of them can, but they’re not meant for this, they’re not mean to fight people, to fight their own, they’re meant to keep aliens, not
Fear, visceral and irrational, coiling deep in his belly, a sensation of wrongness and sadness blooming in his chest like the deadliest flower of all. It blooms wide and vicious, its vines squeezing around his heart and lungs, glowing in an electric shade of blue.
Nebula gestures to the left with her head, a graceful gesture of her neck, and Tony lets her lead the way to the ship with no protest or complaint. She helps Tony limp to the ship, a slow, careful trip around the perimeter of the hospital, her pitch-black eyes darting to every single corner warily every two seconds, on high alert to any possible threat. Tony feels like he is no more than a sack of potatoes being dragged around, ashamed and embarrassed, absolutely
They go wider and wider, her frown deepening and her mouth gaping, emitting no sound. It’s that delay. It’s that unconscious refusal to admit, to connect the dots and allow the realization to sink in totally, trying to stave off the inevitable.
He struggles to find strength back on his legs, his muscles cramping and his knees painfully stiff, and his entire abdomen throbbing with a dull, low ache,  something that makes him feel oddly bloated, like he is expanding from the inside out until he bursts. He’s not really sure what’s happening to him anymore. Is he still bleeding inside? Maybe he is. It doesn’t feel like it, but how would he know?
“Rogers’ got a point.” He quickly says, and the words to scrape the inside of his throat as they come up, a little, against his own will, and he tries not to look into Rogers’ face as it snaps in his direction with eyes so intense they could burn holes through him. “We can’t divide now. We have a better chance to come up with something together.”
of it only hitting him long moments after the video projection is already setting up to replay right before every person in this room. It only hits him when he really
The most effective way to cover ground faster is to establish a perimeter and expand it from there. Sweep the city from the center out, as Rogers describes, but it’s hard to pinpoint a ground zero when the entire city is just one large red warning on their radar, and priorities become a blur. In the end, it’s Pepper that suggests they should go back to the hospital she’d been on for the past couple of days, because they
When he catches sight of Nebula, Tony can clearly see the way his steps falter and he mutters something to himself, eyes widening, and he
When Tony lands next to Steve after the battle and lifts his helmet, ready to say an awful joke, Steve does kiss him to shut him up.
“Well.” Clint huffs, placing his hands on his hips and giving them all a look, his lips pressed into a thin line as he nods. “Guess this is it. You ready to go, Vision?”
“I didn’t come up with it.” Howard laughs lightly. “It’s how kids learn new things, I heard. The system I implemented is just a replica. But I didn’t give him that model. And I don’t know how he got it either.”
The rain clouds are creeping closer now. It’ll rain soon. He won’t be able to see the sunset because in a matter of minutes, maybe, the sky is going to be completely grey, dark and stormy, turning the night ice cold. Steve’s fingers feel a little numb. His knuckles have healed. The smell of the rain is almost overwhelming, rich and sharp, and he takes a deep breath to get it into his lungs, savoring the feel of something that isn’t the tenderness in his hands or the fluttering of his uneasy heart, the wings of the hummingbird trying to escape its cage, a staggering amount of conflicted feelings he has no way of letting out.
He’ll make this better. He’ll improve, he’ll adapt. He will find a way to that that Gauntlet out of Thanos’ hand.
Jarvis can see how desperate she is. She can see it in his eyes. Maria was a polite, refined woman, born in a high-class family and held in a high regard by many important people, both inside and outside the Stark Family affairs. She has a good heart, she’s charitable, she’s gentle, and Jarvis admires her very, very much. A sweet woman who was given a promise of a perfect family when she married Howard Stark, but nothing had turned out quite like she expected. And it broke her. She is still good, still gentle, but she’s tired and he can tell.
Tony can’t find in himself the words to tell her it’s useless, that FRIDAY can hear everything, because even before he can consider the possibility, FRIDAY continues to speak; “I’ve allowed them access to the upper floors after you’d been gone for over 48 hours, Boss.”, she admits, sounding almost a little embarrassed, her usually formal tone laced with a fragility Tony isn’t sure he consciously programmed there.
A part of Steve, the part that is ugly and insensitive, the one he tries to hard to keep controlled because everyone expects him to be so perfectly empathetic, wonders if Clint
There is Zemo, who is currently imprisoned in the Raft, but Zemo doesn’t talk. Everett Ross has tried to force him, Natasha once said, right at those first months on the run, while she was giving them the info she could gather before she made her escape – and Zemo never talked. Not for a sense of smugness or superiority, or so the reports said. There was no arrogance or prepotency in his refusal to cooperate.
“We can’t risk it.” Tony argues forcefully. He gestures to her, his palms pressed together in a mocking gesture of prayer, but the begging tone in his voice is all real. “Please, you have to understand. This is not me risking my life for the hell of it. This time, there really is
And for your final consideration, I'd like to announce the winner of our little poll from the last chapter, to celebrate both Suspension of Belief AND Trust Fall for reaching 10k hits! I think no one is surprised by this result, but the winning prompt for the gift fic is Steve's POV from the reunion with Tony in the helipad, from Chapter 4 of this fic! I would like to thank everyone who voted so, so much, I hope anyone who has voted for the other prompts is not too disappointed, but I can promise I'll have many more opportunities to plan for other smaller fics to give more details on this universe and I hope you can look forward to that.
“I’m not worried.” Steve says, but it’s not true. It feels like a lie in his tongue, heavy and bitter, and he knows that if T’Challa can see through him, it is only because he is too close to the situation and knows better than to undermine the consequences of all his actions from now on. Anyone else would’ve never caught his lie. He’s gotten too good at it through the years, too good at pushing through barriers of pleasantry and bureaucracy to find himself an opening to act.
And a message shows up, along with a loading screen. She reads them aloud, under her breath, trying to make sense of them before they disappear. But they don’t. She stares at them for a full minute before she
Something in his stomach tightens at Natasha’s words, weirdly anxious, but she just keeps going before he can say a word.
“No, no, nothing’s wrong!” Scott says in a hurry. “It’s just… I thought I should let you know, even though I still haven’t decided yet, but I’m… I’m giving my two-week notice, let’s say.”
“I don’t know if we can actually do that, Tony.” Bruce counters. “We don’t know we’re Thanos is, we have no idea how to find him. And Thor was right – he has the Gauntlet. We don’t have anything strong enough to stop him.”
“Who the fuck are you!” One of the men screams, face glistening with sweat, teeth bared; And the others follow him, bellowing angrily at Cap, demanding answers despite it being so clear who it is that stands before them. Cap grew a beard, but his face is still the
hum, Steve’s nostrils flare as he breathes, barely keeping himself in check, trying his best to allow T’Challa to speak without interrupting. “And why do you think she is angry about it? Because it is not worry, Captain. It’s anger.”
“What sort of problems?” Thor asks for clarification, also stepping closer, rapt attention to Tony’s tale.
us, Steve.” Natasha says. “He won’t risk it! He broke the Accords once, to find you in Siberia, and we still broke apart anyway! He won’t break them again unless he’s
FRIDAY makes a strange, very calculated pause, before replying. “Yes. Doctor Banner has accompanied Colonel Rhodes when he left. According to the Hulkbuster armor, Doctor Banner was injured, but he is alive.”
Tony screeches, distraught, because his voice is ragged and desperate and hysterical, he is angry and he is ashamed and he is
, which is the word she would probably use, and Steve has no idea what it is. But he guesses it has to do with something which they don’t speak about. And that, in itself, is more than enough reason for Steve to shut himself out at the mere thought of it, because he doesn’t want to give in to the things that make him doubt himself, that make him bleed.
“Let’s assume we’re gonna miss that window.” Tony proposes, because – well, that’s what’s gonna happen. Worst-case scenario. “How long
Bruce heaves out a shuddering breath, frame shaking and hands trembling as he curves into himself and hides his face in his palms, pressing the heels to his eyes, like he could hold his head together by putting pressure on it, like a splitting headache inside were threatening to crack it open like a fragile china vase. He drags his hands down and plays with his lips, squeezing them and wringing his fingers, while he looks distantly to the floor, like he’s not truly seeing it as he thinks.
to fill with his thoughts before. When he woke up, he used to spend the entire day at the gym, destroying punching backs and launching himself right back into work, keeping his knuckles bloody and his muscles aching, a longing for pain he didn’t even know he had.
Tony laughs, and grabs his hand. “No, we won’t. And I think it’s worth the risk. What’re some minor injuries between us anyway?”
“It’s a hospital, of course not.” Tony automatically replies, falling into the familiar rhythm of arguing back and forth, of bringing up options and shooting them down at an almost instinctive pace. “And I wouldn’t be able to jump with my stomach cut open like a birthday cake anyway. Did you see any elevators around here?”
, that they all are witnessing this train wreck of a moment, and despite his resolve, shame coils hot in him, at the realization that they’re all seeing this.
“That’s why he wanted the gauntlet.” Tony elaborates, after giving Natasha an agreeing nod. “To make half the creatures in the entire universe disappear.”
“Something that you didn’t to look for, when you made your first attempt – but there might be something left in your computers—"
It’s not new. He has done it many times – and worse, to many people. It’s wrong of him, he knows, that
“It’s not a fight, it’s a rescue.” Tony repeats the words echoing in his mind, hoping they will sound more convincing if he says them for them to hear, if he repeats them enough so they’ll feel true, and his heart will stop beating a troubled, worried tattoo against his cold sternum, threatening to crack his ribs with the sheer force of its pulse. “Listen. I’m not… I’m not gonna do that to her. I’m not gonna disagree, because she’s got a point. She won’t stand staying behind while we’re out there. And she can
He takes almost twenty minutes to shake himself off his stupor and run to find Natasha, his feet moving without his consent, needing not to be alone and to speak the words out loud to someone else, so maybe— maybe they will make more sense, maybe the storm that begins to rage inside Steve’s chest will abate, someone else will hear the same and will assure him he doesn’t have to panic anymore.
Part of him still believes the scepter is partially at fault. At least, it’s what he likes to tell himself when the guilt feels too heavy, when he feels the bitterness becoming too great and starts making him sick; It is a nice lie, enough to make his breathing steady, but it’s not enough to make him feel
, and she didn’t understand why Steve kept dodging her – but now she does. She does, and she’ll destroy him for it.
It’s just easier. They go around helping Tony get donations, all gracious and heroic and friendly, and when the party starts to dwindle down, they can just stop for a while and talk to each other, like
it will work, throwing in more variables in an already unsteady sequence and simply believing it will work out. He hasn’t felt this urge to action this strongly in a long time, but he’s having a real hard time quelling it now.
He wants to believe that the reason Tony hasn’t called is because he isn’t ready. Maybe he’s still angry – and that’s fine, Steve will take anger. He will take Tony’s screams and insults, if that means Tony will
He stands at an impasse, they all do. He knows that by nature, Rogers, Natasha, and Rhodey, at the very least, are incapable of
Vision… Steve is not sure what Vision had thought. Vision is a being beyond Steve’s comprehension, not affected by emotions and contradictions as humans are, and although Steve can see the benefits of a thought process based completely on logic,
He could hear the sound of metal hitting metal. His shield was vibrating in his hands with each blow, like it was getting heavier and heavier, and Steve almost couldn’t stand its weight.
“She showed me the Red Room.” Natasha confesses, in a tiny voice, cracking at the edges. “My training. My… graduation.”
“Did you ask him? Because the guy is from the forties, even if he has a license, it expired a long time ago.” Clint reminds him.
He’s usually the last one to get there, because it’s his name on the contracts, so he schmoozes more than anyone else, but it’s fine. He likes that, he likes seeing his
“The mind stone gives me many abilities that are unique. One of which allows me to perceive certain types of… energies, shall I say, that minds otherwise unaware wouldn’t be able to perceive. I simply… followed the trail.”
“I took a break. Had some downtime, fixed things with Pepper.” Whatever good that might or might not have done, it is the truth. “I needed to clear my head a little bit. Because what happened in Sokovia was—”
gotten some sleep the previous night, resisting the urge to rub his eyes as T’Challa watches him. “How have you been, Your Highness?”
“Since SHIELD fell.” Natasha answers through gritted teeth, her entire body shaking in rage. “It’s been
“I was trying to find any correlation between what Strucker did to Wanda to what Loki did to Clint.”
“We’re not planning to do any harm, but we should be prepared for the chance that we might need to use force.” Carter reasons, coolly.
“That’s – uh – hm.” He forces out a laugh. “It’s not personal, don’t worry. I just— I had a great night, don’t worry—”
He can say there was a threat, and he decided to help. If asked, he can deny knowing more details. If asked if he knew about Bucky, he can say he did not; and it would not be a lie. That’s the worst part of it all.
He remembers Wanda’s collar. It sounds like a better solution, but it isn’t, not really. It’s a way to neutralize her; but in a way that still dehumanizes her. Still makes her seem like an animal. It’s a dead end. And he’s only realizing it now. He resented the Raft, and, by some extension, he resented Tony for helping the Raft to become what it is, but – if there was ever the need to lock someone stronger than them up, where would’ve they done it?
“Wanda destroyed the Mind Stone, but after Thanos got Time… We had already lost.” Bruce says, and it sounds like it hurts, like it physically pains him to say it – like the words drag like knives, “I saw it. She blew it to pieces, and all Thanos did was use the Time Stone and put it back together.”
this is her fault. It’s not. Sooner or later, they would’ve come up with something to try and slow us down. People just don’t like people who are stronger than them running free. She made an accident in Nigeria and that’s alright, people cause accidents all the time, even people who are trying to help, so the Accords exiting is not her fault.”
who says it, in a very dangerous warning tone, as she gets up and lays her hand on Roger’s forearm, fingers digging in, her gaze sharp as it bores into his when he whips his head to the side to look at her.
, but – the idea is vivid, so much, because he has spent such a long time thinking about this, that is hard to dial it down, even in her presence. To see her in a white dress, smiling and
This is not about the Accords, it’s about Germany. The Accords probably aren’t even the first thing in Scott’s mind at the moment.
“Badassium helped stabilize it. It’s stronger, conducts more energy. Also… doesn’t… it’s not poisonous.” Tony points out, very plainly. “And it’s more efficient and it’s not breaking apart every two weeks, so it works better. The Reactor from Mark I produced 3 gigajoules per second. Today, any of my Reactors produces at least 6.”
But he would be lying if he said he hadn’t expected more… distress from Thor at the idea of losing Mjolnir. The thing that, in no uncertain terms,
He can’t choose between feeling angry or being understanding or being indignant or being resigned, because he is all of it and none of it at the same time! This is
“No! No, no killing!” Tony says, a bit too late, to be honest. “Bring him down with you. He’s alright.”
Pepper’s head immediately turns to the side, towards the glass wall, and she stares at the heavy clouds and the gloomy day with a frown so deep that it looks like it hurts. “What do you mean, it’s day—”
“I have learned not to ignore the warnings of a prophecy. My father spoke of them but I had never gotten one myself, and I was careless and didn’t realize what it would cost me.” Thor solemnly says, with a heavy tony and even heavier heart. “I know better now.”
, the things that make the world catch fire instantly and leave only carcasses behind, with no time to attempt escape or plan for salvation. A swift, but no less cruel death. It’s what he always thinks, as a former weapons manufacturer. He knows how lethal weapons can be, maybe better than anyone else, seeing that one of his own weapons nearly killed him once.
The sheer amount of apprehension he feels makes everything feel foggy, and Tony has to blink a lot to make sure he won’t simply pass out from the light-headedness now, because he has to hear this.
Or maybe he’s angry about something else. About Tony being gone two days without a word. About Tony not being able to stop Ebony Maw in the first place.
, even if the silence now feels even more dreadful than it ever did before. Tony can count the beats of his heart while he waits, the strong, pounding rhythm inside him, the bead of sweat that’s tricking down his spine, from the stress, from the rush, and he feels more and more sick with each passing moment.
Why couldn’t he just pretend it hadn’t happened? No one would have to know. Not now. Not before he had the chance to make amends.
“Barnes is innocent, though.” Sam replies before Steve has the chance to, frowning, with none of the aggressiveness Steve was sure he’d use if it had been him to speak. It’s like he can’t stop it. It’s an automatic response at this point.
And then Steve helped Bucky beat up the German Task Force, and injured several civilians when then they destroyed a bridge. Bucky hadn’t tried to escape the cell and he seemed to be somewhat calm – but a few seconds with Zemo in the same room as him and he suddenly had been transformed back into the Winter Soldier, and he hurt and incapacitated several officers on his attempt to escape, including Natasha and Tony themselves.
“Did you—” Tony stops, because he needs to breathe, there’s no air in his lungs and he needs to breathe, but it hurts to inhale and it hurts to speak, and his nose and throat feel like they’re full of water and snot and he hates it, he hates it,
“So did the Captain said. And I will ask you the same thing I asked him.” Wong replies, with unexpected strictness in his voice, raising his chin and squinting his eyes at Tony. “How exactly do you plan to do that?”
It is not something he kept in his mind because it was useful. It is something far more fragile, more irrational and sentimental, because Steve is a sentimental fool and, sometimes, these things sneak up on him, and they take root in deep, dark corners of his mind so silently he doesn’t realize they are there, until they have already consumed everything.
“Alright. Ok. Thanks, Ca— Steve. Thanks. And tell your friend we’re glad he’s fine.” Scott tries to inject a bit more excitement to his voice, but it’s too late now. Steve’s not feeling anything but dread at this point. He can’t even pretend he isn’t. “So, I guess that’s all. Thanks for keeping me updated. If you need anything, just call me and I’ll come, I have the phone with me at all times.”
if there is a threat of violence.” Natasha snaps back. “There is no precedent on how to treat enhanced people in case of arrest, Steve. That’s exactly why the Accords exist! So we won’t fall into the hands of someone who’ll try to hurt us.” She tries to pause and it visibly
Seeing the Quinjet now stirs something odd inside Tony’s chest, even past the dread, even past the anxiety; something a little tender, a little sad, something he’ll push down, far, far away, and never allow himself to think ever again.
, he asks, needing nothing more than his gaze and a twitch of his eyebrows for Tony to hear the words, and the relief he feels at the old familiarity of Rhodey’s presence is as warm as a memory of summer, of laughs and metal, of
Sam uncrosses his arms suddenly, is entire body going tense. “What the hell, man?” He exclaims, sounding offended. “What happened there? You told me you three fought and you escaped, and that was it. Now you’re telling me Stark blew the guy’s arm like fireworks and you didn’t think it was worth mentioning?”
“We have to attack him from all sides. Keep him fighting us, individually.” Rhodey points out, motioning into the air with his hand like he’s chopping something, dividing them into imaginary categories. “And steal them when he’s not looking.”
he uses in his voice might almost convince he knows what he’s talking about. “We would only scan the ground and come back.”
Nebula looks at his hand for a second, the briefest, quieter of beats; And then releases his wrist, holding him tighter with the hand around his waist, and without a word or a worried glance, she puts her free hand on the bar beside Tony’s and pushes, right as he does as well, and the bar moves under their fingers and opens the door slowly.
But this time, Steve will not react aggressively. He has no strength left in him to do so. He has argued about the Accords over and over and he is tired of it - He won’t start another war because of it. He can’t lose any more than he already has. He knows he wasn’t wrong, at least not completely, and that is enough for him; but he knows now that
“Reality.” Rocket remembers. “That’s when we found Thor after his ship sent out a distress call. He said Thanos couldn’t get the other Stones first, and the Reality was closer, so the others went to Knowhere to get it while Thor and we headed to Nidavellir, to get him a weapon.”
She’s right at the front, her posture fragile as Tony has never seen before, shoulders hitched up and face open in unguarded anxiety, and it’s
“I will give you all the money in my wallet if you can just take your flirting somewhere else.” Bruce offers, from where he’s sitting in flimsy shorts and a shock blanket around himself, after the green has seeped away from his skin.
“But it’s a little bit about being seen too, right?” Rocket argues. “Why would he kidnap children? Why would he take Gamora? An’ you? He sounds like he wants
they are able to handle at a time, and he suspects Nebula’s tolerance isn’t all that high. Or maybe he would be brave enough to share his own feelings, his own story, but years of habit of restraining himself from sharing even the slightest bit of personal information in fear of going too far and revealing too much, and his very real and very insisted insecurities about the times where he ignored that restraint and it backfired so spectacularly – it all makes him a very lousy shoulder to cry on, honestly.
in this stranded land, in this vast, deep, silent planet. Forgotten and broken, left to waste away, just as he was.
“I can help you.” She says to Bucky, excitedly, but in a very soft way. As if she was talking to a puppy, really. “With your arm, and with your mind.”
People are so used to see him in the suit that they often forget Tony has been wearing armor long before Afghanistan. They forget Tony has been playing this game for a very, very long time.
He feels disappointment and frustration and impatience, bubbling like lava inside a waking volcano, but he keeps silent; he glares at the wall and huffs, but he won’t throw a tantrum like a child, because it would be ridiculous.
“It’s not.” The raccoon says, to Pepper, of all people. “It doesn’t matter how fast you act or how many people you save. It’s not enough.”
Someone who doesn’t have that much strength to believe in much anymore. It feels refreshing to see her, the way she exudes calm and tranquility, her mind fast but steady, and her manners sweet but imposing. It’s a powerful combination. Steve is sure both her family and her country are very proud of her.
Fuck, Steve has missed him so much. So fucking much. He didn’t – he didn’t know. He hadn’t realized it would feel so
“We can send a signal to all surviving SHIELD agents still online. If they get the message, they can help with keeping the survivors organized.”
It tastes like a lie in his tongue. He knows it. He can chastise Mrs. Stark as much as he likes, but in the end, he understands; the aching and sadness, the loss of a son, the death of a loved one.
Ross, the son of a bitch - says, without a single speck of remorse. “I suppose now is when you tell me you won’t help me find him?”
“He did the surgery to have it removed and Helen helped him with new tissue and rehab. He’s stabilized. Why would he put the Reactor back on?”
anymore. His memories – his previous idea of who Rogers is was clearly not that accurate, so he’s not sure if the way he is reading this is any more correct than before.
Jarvis’ hand tightens around the pistol, his heart beating faster with a rush of adrenaline he can’t contain. “But HYDRA does. And they have already begun an attack.”
When they go back to the kitchen, they walk quietly. They are both lost in deep thoughts, concerns and doubts poorly concealed beneath the fronts of strength they put forward in favor of their mission; and maybe that’s why no one hears them coming closer, not until they are already back at the kitchen, and they halt right by the door, suddenly alert.
to be.” Rhodey exclaims, with barely contained distress, but then – he stops, closing his eyes and taking in a deep breath, his whole body strung tight like a coil, pressure ready to snap, bracers whirring softly as he paces to the side, reaching for the table just so he can touch it, just so his hands will be busy. “I just – It’s bad enough that we have to let people down and not answer to calls. We
“Possibly.” Bruce agrees. “Most metals don’t have stable isotopes that allow them to be useful after being blasted with radiation. Not without safety equipment, at least. Much less to make a weapon to hold with your hands.”
Over the years, Tony and Pepper have fought a lot. Before they were a thing, they'd fight about meetings and stocks, about Tony's dismissal for the shareholders and Pepper's insanely rigid schedule, about how they had always been different in their approaches, two people who shouldn’t have worked well together but they did, because they made it work. It drove them crazy, but they did it. They became a force to be reckoned with – and it’s hard, not to fall in love with it. With the feeling of belonging against all odds, to defy fate and
“We should take a break.” Bucky laughs, his voice a little gruff and scratchy from all the talking. “I’m hungry.”
“I’d say he would go back to the Black Order, but I don’t know how many of them are still alive.” She concludes.
“Like a Schengen Agreement. But just for international entrance, not money.” Bruce compares, and Tony nods, pleased by the quick connection.
“Me? I’m fine, I’m fine.” Lang replies, in a way that does not reassure Tony that he’s fine at all. “I came here because… Because…”
The blue being shifts and grunts, as if they’re getting up from a sitting position, after God knows how long since they both fell to the ground and just stayed there. Tony wonders, distantly, if they can cry. If they heard him, as he did. Even if it’s stupid, even if it’s of no consequence now, Tony feels his neck burn with embarrassment, with the old, familiar shame of being caught vulnerable, especially by a complete stranger as this Guardian.
something she now associates with safety, when Tony can only take in the bare walls and the echoes of his steps and think of
“Widow?” He calls, partially for the necessity of sharing info of their current locations; But, deep down, mostly because he wants to make sure she’s listening, to confirm that she is really
This is it for Bruce for now! He'll still give his input on other matters as we go deeper into the conversations, but we're finally ready to move on to the next person - or people - on the list! Soon, we'll be revisiting Pepper; and will also be including Thor and Scott's arcs! And we'll also discuss some other difficult topics, so get ready for that.
with the inescapable feeling that all his teammates are changing around him and he can’t stop it, that all of them… all of them are suffering, in their own way, silently and bitterly, like they are all rotting from the inside, being swallowed whole by their doubts and their regrets, and he can’t
“Okay, assuming that he still has them, wouldn’t he hide them? To make sure no one else gets it?” Lang proposes, yet another question they hadn’t considered yet, completely undeterred by their vehement insistence of shooting holes into his questions.
He hears him getting closer, but he doesn’t turn around to greet him in any way. He doesn’t ask what the hell Sam is doing here. He knows. Natasha sent him. Hell, she’s probably around somewhere, listening in, because she doesn’t have the courage to come back and press him more about it. As always, Steve thinks with a dark, twisted irony clouding his thoughts, she might call herself heartless, but they all know how much she cared for Tony. In her weird, often shifty kind of way but she did. Leaving him to find Steve has done nothing to change that.
Tony huffs disbelievingly, shaking his head and pushing his body away, physically rejecting the idea before it can take roots in his brain. “Why do you think I’ll be able to give you that?”, he exclaims, pitifully. “What do you expect from me?”
Natasha glances at him, but Steve keeps his mouth shut. He doesn’t trust what he’ll say, if he makes an attempt to.
that first snap and the moment they find Thanos and reverse this entire thing, whatever happens in this entire middle, they simply have
Some of them flinch. Thor, Natasha, Bruce. Some of them just stare. Nebula and Rocket look away, and Agents Carter and Ross breathe in deep, cautious, chiding and pity in their eyes mixing so seamlessly they’re almost indistinguishable from one another.
Reduced lung capacity and a constant, rigid weight sitting on his sternum, stopping him from inhaling too deeply unless he wanted his chest and ribs hurting like his skin was pulling away or his muscles were being stretched past the limit. Familiar, horrifying sensation. But there’s nothing there anymore. His chest is clear. And yet.
“Does it really matter if the guy’s alive or not?” Clint grumbles, with a heavy, weighty tone of derision in his words. “Why have a President when there’s no government?”
“He’s probably combining the parts in different ways to see how many possibilities he can find. This is just one of them.”
that far. The pendulum inside his head had swung so fast and so hard, turning on a switch that turned his focus into a laser sharp point, where all he could see was the objective of getting Bucky
“Can you contact May Parker?” Tony sniffs, and he pretends he doesn’t, because he knows FRIDAY won’t ask about it, but still – it hurts his nose, the cold air in his wet, sore nostrils, just like his eyes ache and his temples thump in the same unsteady, painful beat as his heart. “Ask her… Just ask her if she’s okay.”
, knowing the old bastard, and he is… almost astonishingly diligent, even faced with the terrible odds of his current mission.
“You can stay around a little longer if you want to, Viz.” Clint interrupts, gently, as not to startle them. “I don’t know if you sleep, but we have a couch if you want to stay for the night or something.”
near that it made his heart beat like it was exploding, the jitter in his leg acting up again without his permission, stomach churning with a hurricane of anxiety coming alive within him. He hadn’t even been strong enough to do that, despite how obsessively he thought about it every single second during their journey.
T’Challa has given him the key to a private connection, as he promised he would, and Steve occasionally uses it, so he and Bucky can catch up. He tries not to overdo it, trying to be mindful that Bucky still wants some time for himself, but sometimes he just needs someone to talk to; someone he knows he can say some things to and it won’t end up in a fight. Steve and Bucky have fought over many things through the years they’ve known each other, sometimes to the point of acquiring bruises and split lips, but they’ve never thrown insults or punches when what the other needs is support.
its Thor who is quickly and frantically grabbing the strays by their clothes and dropping them back on the other side of the gate, trying to hold them back long enough until they can figure out a way to make them step away from the gates.
“I need to know if they’re alive.” Tony confesses, broken and helpless, and his heart squeezes so painfully inside his chest that the monitor goes wild.
“Somewhat.” Tony admits. “I don’t know. I don’t know what’s inside an infinity Stone, or even what it’s made of, but if anything, it’s producing energy the same way a Reactor does. Or the other way around. It certainly doesn’t reach the same levels of energy, but it got stronger since I made my own version. If there’s a way to improve on
“Why did you come, Nat?” That’s all, that’s all he wants to know, and he promises he’ll shut up about it after this. They will never argue about this again. He only needs to know, he just needs to be sure, because although he is so, so grateful that Natasha is here, he still has no idea
“You know…” Natasha says off-handedly, giving him a sympathetic smile. “If that’s really bothering you, you could shave it off. I wasn’t serious.”
Steve turns his head slightly, so he can see Sam from his peripheral vision, hoping to get a glance at his posture. He doesn’t see much. Sam is very consciously trying to transmit a sense of tranquility, a passive neutrality that Steve had never thought that Sam would use with him. It makes him feel awful. How did he reach this point, where he pushed his closest friends away to viciously that they don’t know how to approach him, like he is a frightened animal, who will attack if he feels caged?
“But I think—" Pepper falters, her eyes lowering to the covers hesitantly, her fingers trembling around his wrist where she holds him like a lifeline. His pulse hammers like the wings of a hummingbird beneath the pad of her thumb, heart crying in agony with every beat, cheeks burning hot with shame and a dark pit of wrongness eating his stomach like a blackhole. “I think we need to be real about this thing we can’t seem to fix.”
is the fastest way we can get this back to normal, we’re gonna dedicate ourselves 100% into figuring out how to make this work. That means no more fights, no more separating, no more nothing. We got a work to do, and no one else can do it. And we
“It’s completely broken.” Tony points out, unable to sound mocking as he wishes he could. It simply comes out flat and emotionless, helpless.
Suddenly, a part of the crowd starts pushing in another direction, changing the course abruptly, and Tony turns to see what’s happening and he realizes there’s a huge flare of light coming from the square garden, flickering and hot, increasing rapidly; People are dropping the burning items they’ve been carrying, and torches and scorching flags falling to the floor of the gardens, spreading wildfire through the trees and grass,
As subtle as they can – which is to say, probably not at all – Tony leans his head and seeks Rhodey’s eyes, only to find them already directed at him.
, he knows Natasha is angry but there’s nothing Steve can do. He has no right, he has no strength anymore but he can feel himself getting defensive, hurt and melancholic, dreading the explanation he’ll have to give for what he has revealed.
, because he can hear the words he said echoing inside his mind, words that were supposed to be a comfort but now are soaked in betrayal and mourning.
Natasha stares at him for a brief moment, eyes wide and face unguarded, and then- he sees when the shield falls into place, shutting him out completely. “Thanks.” She whispers back, not unkindly, but not amicably either. “But I’m fine, Cap.”
?” Clint says, aggravated. “No one cared about laws when we were saving the world from the Chitauri.”
“It’s better if they take the hostages away from here.” He suggests instead, restless. “Nebula and Rocket can fly the Jet.”
“I’m not blaming you.” Pepper says, hastily, grabbing his hands and wrists firmly, trying to force him to focus. “Tony, listen to me. This is not about blame.”
“Scott hid it.” Sam interrupts, and they all stop to look at him, surprised. “When we were at the airport, we all still had our suits and weapons, and we had no time to hide them. Scott had. He took off the suit and hid it somewhere, and when the Germans came to arrest us he was the only one without a suit.”
She won’t – but that won’t stop being the reason why they keep falling apart. It’s no matter if she won’t blame him – if the
than enough.” He smiles and points directly at Steve’s face, falsely intimidating. “I don’t need you to be scaring me like that again, I’m not cool with that. You do that shit again? I’ll the one to beat your ass.”
from a better angle, in case it’s necessary, the precaution as unconscious and instinctual as it is their posture, ready to shove themselves between Tony and Barton and take a punch for it, if it means not letting them punch each other.
“Not enough not to love her.” Tony says, as kindly as he can, gently approaching to lean against the table Rocket sits at, all of them close together in a small, secretive group, an illusion of safety that seems unnecessary, but also so comforting in the wide emptiness of Tony’s clinical and frigid workshop. “I guess?”
“Tony.” Pepper interrupts their stare-down, running her hands softly through his hair, a sharp contrast to the firm, adamant tone in her words. “You can’t go out there while you’re still injured.”
Saying he scarcely remembers it is a lie, because he has eidetic memory – and even if he hadn’t, nightmares would always be there to gladly remind him of all the terrible things he wishes he could forget. The mind works in tricky ways. It has its own set of rules that he never understood, never felt like it was necessary, just troublesome details that get in the way in the most inopportune moments.
Rogers eyes go to the floor, but right there, at the corner of Natasha’s mouth, there is a tug, the phantom of a smile. Tony’s chest twinges with a weird, nostalgic ache, a longing to see her smile he didn’t even know he had until now.
“Outside.” It’s all she says, like an order, and she doesn’t wait for his answer before she turns on her heels and walks away without looking back.
” Sam says so quickly it seems like it was almost killing him not to do it before Steve complied. “You are a complete idiot. That is the most stupid thing I’ve ever heard. Seriously, it’s stupid, and you probably don’t even know why, do you?”
Tony gets up slowly, distantly realizing his wound now feels pleasantly numb, no longer stinging or pulling sharply at the edges, but he barely looks down at it as he asks, his eyes still locked on Bruce, “How bad?”
Undeterred, Rogers explains, “After Loki was gone, the scepter went to SHIELD – and SHIELD was HYDRA, so someone took the scepter and shipped it off to Strucker, in Sokovia. There, he used it to experiment on people, trying to create superhumans.”
Thor is a mighty Asgardian warrior and Cap, Tony has heard, has a lot of fun breaking SHIELD’s gym equipment, so Tony is going to have to up his game. He’ll make the
rage, and Steve knows how this is going to end. He wants her to stop, but he can’t. It’s going to happen, and it’s too late to stop it. “You didn’t
So maybe it’s really just because this is… new. In some ways. New for Steve, as far as hook-ups go, and new for Tony as far as
And Steve was fine with that. But then, when he woke up this morning, a blinking light informed him someone on the other side was trying to reach him for a call. And when he opened de comm, what King T’Challa told him was this:
“I – I just want my family back. That’s all. I hear you, okay? He took your son. But he took my children too. He took my kids, he took my wife – they were
; the civilian attacks can come and go, as often as they please, but nothing will change the fact that the world will keep getting colder.
Did Spiderman sign? Steve doesn’t know. He’s never heard of it. But the kid is still out there playing hero, he’s seen it on the news. No one is stopping him. There are others too, he heard – Daredevil, Luke Cage, Jessica Jones. He’s seen them on the news. but never when the Accords are concerned. Are they not obligated to sign it?
Makes sense Tony would tell him about the pancakes. Tony has no idea what else he told Steve – he sat down, Steve
But Jarvis is a sentimental fool. He knows he is. And his weakness will always be the surrogate son he lost, the same weakness of the woman that considered him a part of their family.
As always, give me your thoughts and opinions and theories. I always have the best time talking to you guys. Also, you can come chat with me or see what I'm up to on
They don’t know about it because Tony has never told them. They’ve never told him about their visions either.
I'd like to take this opportunity to propose something. I am working on a gift of sorts, something I've been wanting
Clint has a long moment of confusion right before his eyes, his expression scrunching up and his brows furrowing almost cartoonishly, until realization dawns on him and he sobers up almost at the speed of light, his whole posture shifting from relaxed to alert.
“They stole her research, actually.” Thor complains, but he doesn’t dwell on it long enough for anyone to interrupt him. “The problem with any sort of translation of knowledge is that every time, some of the information is lost on the way. I can’t explain the magic of Asgard in a way that will fully make sense because you insist on dividing that knowledge in categories, when for us, it’s all part of a whole.”
Maybe it’s just because Steve isn’t his usual partner. There were no pulsing lights or thrumming bass or sweet drinks to set the mood, no darkness to disguise the truth in the flirty banter – the bar had been
Well. He’s glad Barton is alive. He is. He’s just not sure if he should say it. He doesn’t know how Barton will react if he does.
“It’s a good skill to have.” Wanda says, a tiny smile on her face. “It reminds me of simpler times.”
Nebula looks at the rubble behind them for a moment, thoughtful and nostalgic, and then whispers, “Gamora’s sister.”
But at the end of the day, it’s still Tony’s voice that follows him into his nightmares, and no one suspects a thing.
“Ok, I’m not the only one who’s feeling a little weird about this, am I?” Sam quietly asks, bringing him back to the present. “I’m not opposed to it or anything, I think it’s great if they really like each other, but I can’t be the
“I thought you were engaged. There would be a wedding.” Thor inquires, without actually making the question, and the sad smile Tony gives him is all the answer he needs. “I’m sorry.”
When this exchange is over, Rhodey runs his hand over his mouth, breathing deeply, and takes one step closer and squares his shoulders, pushing down his despair and irritation and turning himself into the military man they all know he is deep inside, and asks, attentively to their previous planning:
Maybe he is afraid. Maybe. Desperate for touch, for anything but violence, but unable to stomach a compromise – so he chooses Tony.
He lets himself fall back to the couch and buries his face in his hands, bending helplessly until his forehead almost touches his knees, and he stays there, beaten down, broken, holding back hot-stinging tears with all his might, biting into his lip with such strength he cuts it open and the copper bursts into his mouth, viscous and foul, and he thinks he
into Vision’s body, the outside was done, as product of the combination of Vibranium and Helen Cho’s cells, but the
“We don’t know how bad the situation is out there.” Rogers argues back, and the back and forth, the posturing, the arguing; it’s all making Tony’s head
And he agreed over and over again, as the days passed and Ultron successfully evaded them while trying to build himself a fancy new body –  why go to the trouble of sneaking around, when he had the power to render them completely useless if he had wanted to? Tony made him, he made JARVIS, he made all of them, he
“No, you can hold that.” Tony babbles a little hysterically. “You hold it. Bring it to the workshop, c’mon, let’s go.”
it was sometimes in his family home, Tony had his mother, as difficult as it might have been for them to simply
“You too.” Steve says, completely serious. He doesn’t comment about her hair; it’s short again, but in a different style, and a totally different color. It’s the first time Steve has seen her as a brunette, it’s a bit off-putting. He wonders if it’s on purpose. With Natasha, every single detail feels deliberate.
They talk until after the sun has gone down. It feels good. He feels understood, like he hasn’t been ever since he woke up, not quite belonging but
“No. According to the last available data, Both Dr. Banner and Colonel Rhodes were in Wakanda at the moment of the attack.”
to see, he doesn’t know why, it just hurts, and it’s awful and oh, God, this is getting out of control and they need to
“He’ll do it again if he has to. We’re not there anymore. We’re not Avengers, here. If the Avengers are ever needed now, he’ll go anyway, with or without us. Because that’s what he does, because he doesn’t know how to stop. He fights, even when he’s in disadvantage.”
“Teenagers.” Sam jokes, but all the seriousness in his voice just ruins the effect, making him sound completely deadpan.
it.” She fiercely reminds them, and if there’s despair edging at the corner of her words, if there’s a wetness that drips beneath her tone, that makes her sound like she’s not as impenetrable as she looks – well, no one calls her on it. “People are scared out there, and I’m not going to sit here and
“We’ve been flying around, looking for survivors and trying to help as many people as we can, but it’s just—” Bruce shrugs, but not out of nonchalance, just pure awkwardness and completely uncomfortable, almost hopeless. “Everything’s destroyed. We don’t even know where to begin.”
“You believe Mr. Stark might be hiding something about his condition?” Vision inquires, and Steve’s expression turns gloomy.
To be fair, Tony is too, most of the time. If it’s – it’s a bad idea, it’s a bad idea to stay here, and it’s obvious, and he should
She pretends, and she sings, and even thought it makes her feel like she’s dying, she keeps doing it, because it’s the only way her memory of Anthony can keep on living.
“FRIDAY is almost there.” Tony affirms with full confidence, even though he’s not sure if that’s actually true. “Just hold on. She’ll be right there.”
He stands there, before a god, with a replica of the Infinity Gauntlet in his hands, giving it to Tony.
Steve has thought about their fights every single day; and like the idiot he is, he thought it was all about the Accords. How
One drop of blood. That was all he could take. He managed one mere, measly drop of blood, after all he has done. His best armor, his finest work,
He was not fully in control – but he was the one who brought the bottle to his own lips. Just like Bruce is not in control of the Hulk – but he was the one who created him anyway.
And then she whispers. It’s quiet, almost inaudible, and it would’ve been for anyone else. But he hears it, and she
“Pepper and I won’t—” He tries to say, and as soon as he does, he knows he won’t be able to get the words out. He has to stop, breathe, and try again, with different words, in a way that won’t make him choke. “We decided to break it off. For real, this time.”
at the same time, like car tires making an unholy sound against the asphalt, the vain attempt of stopping a collision when its already
And even worse, Steve knows he was the one who caused it. “I promised her I would tell Tony, and then I didn’t. And then I hid it from her.” He admits, mournfully, “I don’t blame her if she doesn’t trust me anymore.”
Oh, I was so sad when I first watched this scene in the theaters. Who could've known this would become the thing that puts a sadistic smile on my face as I write this? The world truly is full of surprises.
Tony finds himself shocked by the question, by the bluntness and complete honesty of it, the eagerness he finds in both Rocket’s and Nebula’s eyes, and for a second, he
To very truthful, up until now I have only grazed the surface of Tony's character. Barely made a scratch. I've been aching to write a more in-depth analysis of him, but the need to lay down the scenario held me back - and if I want to make this work, I can't hold back at all.
with Tony, being open about his own experience, in a way that Tony can see, from the way his own gaze lowers and a soft, sad smile tugs at the corners of his lips, that Thor truly, truly
Steve. Because that’s what Steve does. Whenever he’s disappointed, he lets people know. He doesn’t pull his punches, he isn’t so understanding. Maybe that’s what he thought he had to do, as a leader. He had to show his teammates what he thought was wrong, and push them into fixing it. Maybe not. Maybe that was just him, being cruel without thinking, demanding far too much from people when he had no right.
The stranger – a masculine voice, deep and inquisitive – doesn’t make a sound at his movement. He seems to be watching.
Steve can’t say anything against that, so he doesn’t say anything at all. Vision however seems to interpret his silence as a sign of worry, and he assures him again:
! Make sure to leave a comment there too, to let me know what you think! If you were interested in another prompt, don't worry, we're gonna have other opportunities to discuss other POV's in the future, I assure you :)
“I don’t believe you.” Tony accuses. “I don’t believe you would let it lie like this. I don’t accept it.”
Steve very carefully keeps his face a blank mask, swallowing his feelings down, raising his walls like a fortress around his heart.
Next time we see each other, I will already have seen Endgame. Hopefully you too! I'm watching it on the 24th, which means that by the 25th, I'll be fully available to discuss the movie with anyone who wishes to, if anyone does, on my
With just enough strength for it to be painful, she carefully directs him away from Bruce, guiding him to the benches on the opposite side, behind the occupied control chairs. Tony is so out of it he can’t even find the strength to protest. He simply watches, as Rhodey and Barton occupy the first chairs, ready to pilot, and right behind them sit Natasha and Rogers, with two other command chairs empty beside them. He would go there and sit next to them, but he’s not sure he can, and Nebula pushes him down the benches with such finality that he simply follows the movement, and as she sits beside him, he feels like he’s being monitored; and because it’s Nebula, because Bruce already looks beyond himself with discomfort, Tony feels oddly compelled to comply with Nebula’s guidance, simply watching as Thor takes upon himself to sit beside Bruce without a single word, Stormbreaker between his hands, the blade resting on the floor between Thor’s feet.
went through Steve, a confusing wave of satisfaction and gratitude and pride and duty, something that Steve hadn’t felt since 1945 since the Commandos had trusted him to guide them into battle.
. We know we’re the good guys, but who knows about the other people walking around the US saying they are heroes, as an excuse to blow shit up?”
And Steve knows he and the younger Bucky share a… very specific view on how to deal with their problems. Which means: suck it up, and do it. Maybe in a less aggressive and more motivational way, but that’s the gist of it. And Steve knows. Despite what Tony thinks, he’s not
He starts to wrap Tony up again, just in case, but Tony can see his eyes are distant. His hands are cold.
My wife almost divorced me. My kid refused to see me for almost a week, and then after he wouldn’t talk to me anyway. Not to mention the months on the run, with countries I once helped save hunting me down, and all of that for a document I
Should he try calling him? Sending another message? A longer one, one that is not just his name and so many unspoken feelings he didn’t know how to properly spell out, but he could try, because he promised Natasha he’d
made him with your powers, Thor. You shocked him into life, do you remember?” Tony heaves, sweating uncomfortably under Thor’s too knowing look.
. Raw and open and bleeding, like the two of them. Like the spear going through his stomach to leave him hollow again. “I
Rare are the times when Steve finds himself alone these days. Even if they are renting two separate rooms, Clint is usually around when Nat and Sam are away, trying to give Wanda some space to practice and think in peace and quiet for a few hours. Steve doesn’t really mind the company – after all, if there is one thing he has now is too much free time, too much silence and too many thoughts, so company stops him from getting too carried away and he appreciates it.
Steve has tried to lose the habit of swearing out loud after he serum, when he became Captain America and he suddenly had to watch his actions and his words all the time— but right here, at this very moment, the only thing that actually stops him from doing it is the sheer sense of
“We do what we can.” Steve says, quietly, almost as if he’s begging. Begging for her to agree. Begging her to help him go through this, because he can’t do it alone. He needs Natasha by his side. He needs her. He needs all of them, and not having all of them
“It’s Captain America.” Tony agrees, and even when he turns around and goes back to work, he doesn’t forget.
Steve grits his teeth, more out of a painful habit then indignation, and he shifts his weight a little, uselessly, as if that was at all the cause of his discomfort. After a deep breath, he says, “I’m sorry, Nat.”
Tony rears back from his hunched position, reeling from the revelation. “I didn’t know you had a sister.”
The coffee machine is fixed, so he doesn’t need to go upstairs anymore; So now, Tony invites Steve down so they can spend some time together.
moving forward without looking back – you don’t live this kind of life without consequences. Without getting tangled in messy feelings. And Steve’s feelings are as messy and as confusing as they can possibly get.
Tony doesn’t know what happened to Thor. He wishes he had time to ask. He wishes he wasn’t so angry, or so frantic, or so scared – but he is, and he can’t do anything about it. The harsh truth is that Tony
“We know.” Bruce intervenes, holding a hand up in a placating gesture, like Wong is an animal he’s trying not to spook. “We know the Stones have a will of their own. Even so,
“And Barnes.” Tony amends, despite himself, arms crossing in front of him almost immediately as the words leave his lips. He doesn’t know why, but he feels very
“I should remind you that Captain Rogers’ shield is stored in the vault, Boss.” She happily informs, and Tony’s body locks up so tightly he almost pulls a muscle. “If you are in immediate need of Vibranium, it’s possible to access it.”
“Me neither. How could I know that would happen?” Clint shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut for a second. “I was the only one she didn’t catch in Johannesburg, remember that? And I lucked out, because she told me she went through every single one of you and messed with your heads. That’s… That’s not ok, Cap. I know we try to be supportive and she’s no more than a kid who had a miserable life… hell,
other members of your team will affect how well you work together. Sure, I dig the 'when we fight together, we just fit' trope as much as the next person, but as I said, we're going for realistic here - do you have any idea how hard it is to fall back into rhythm with someone you've had to leave behind and now have adjusted to living without? If you do, I'm sure you can imagine where my frustration comes from, seeing how... put together is not the right term, but how easily they accept each other's improvisations, shall I say. How understanding they are, how there's barely any frustration or difficulty in understanding why someone did what they did.
He knows this dance like the back of his hand. He’ll try – He’ll try his damn hardest not to let it escape his control, he’ll bend himself into the impossible, he’ll do everything he can to keep Pepper alive and safe.
“It’s not sure yet where he’ll stay. War Machine and Vision are still on the compound, and I’d guess that very soon Spider-Man will be too. Tony might recruit him officially now SI and the Avengers are separate.”
crawls up his throat, almost slipping out, but he swallows it back down like poison, bitter and rotten, because he
Steve’s glad they’re feeling good enough to joke around a bit. It’s… not relaxing, exactly, but it does make him feel better, knowing they are feeling comfortable, they are ok, despite their current circumstances. Steve was right— they
Further back from the gates, in the middle of the square that faces the House, there’s a man, balancing dangerously on top of a statue of a man on a horse, gesticulating wildly and screaming towards a crowd that surrounds him and screams back in despair. They hug against one another, all huddled together for warmth and comfort, and they cry, raiding their heads towards the sky, some clasping their hands together in front of them in the universal gesture of pleading.
and gives him another set of keys, bemused, and Steve watches this with his jaw clenched tight, his teeth knocking together painfully before he can stop it.
, even if his face clearly shows how much he wishes he could bash Tony’s face in. Tony’s not concerned, he’s not scared; Let Barton try to hit him, Tony will have the armor on and a fist to his nose faster than Barton can
“I’m always here for you, Cap.” Sam reassures. “Just remember: Next time you pull some shit like that? I’ll kick your ass.”
“I told FRIDAY you needed to sleep. And you did.” Pepper sweetly says, her eyes understanding. “It’s okay, we have it handled.”
, front-heading and looking like he would rather be literally anywhere else than here; For a moment, the unknown is so absolute and encompassing that Tony almost shuts down entirely, their stance and faces so ambiguously set that he can’t guess if they’re here to start a fight or attempt to end one, or maybe if they’re here for something else entirely, and he can’t even imagine what.
“That’s our timeline.” Natasha says sourly, staring at the panel, lips pursing in displeasure and eyes sharp.
tell you.” Bruce defensively says, a little angry, but then he sighs. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have fallen asleep. But I’m not qualified, and I had…
“I did.” Tony holds up his arms, to allow Bruce access to his wound. “How do you think I got stabbed?”
But when there’s a mission to complete, he has to be a soldier. He barely has time to be anything else.
about him, about the truth and how he is innocent, and they have no proof of it to show, only their word.
went through it and took down almost four entire floors. Tony can see the structure of the walls and ceilings, and the wires pulled loose from the interior, and they are bursting with sparks of electricity – and it’s making the two top floors
He does that sometimes, it’s like the impulse is stronger than him. It’s not because he wants to punish his friends, but Steve is a man who has learned many ways to goad people into fights when he was smaller, because he liked to make bullies lose their calm, he liked to see them stripped down to their bare core and showing the world what they truly are.
Being together again feels strange. And Steve wishes he could fall back into the ease he felt before, but the memories of Leipzig are all coming back to him at once and he feels himself raising his guard, slowly and cautiously,
For a second, it’s almost like the entire world disappears. Everything around him just vanishes, all his worries about the mission, about Wanda’s whereabouts, about the
. Or if Thor is going to grab him by the throat again and tell him the world was in danger because of him. If Bruce will once again look at Tony like he lost his mind, and did something awful, and just hasn’t accepted it yet. Truth is – Tony is no longer confident he knows the people he once called his friends. He hasn’t seen Bruce and Thor in so long; and the others… well. The others and Tony are not friendly anymore.
what you want?” Tony opens his arms, like he’s exposing himself for a gunshot, and it’s exactly how it feels. “I
Just a few days shy of his birthday, he’s taken from them. Taken in the most literal sense, dead in the night, by some mysterious kidnapper that didn’t leave any goddamn clues. God, they look
I hope you enjoy this chapter, friend! Once again, it's very nice to be back, sorry for the wait, and here's to another year of great stories, meta, debates, and a lot angst ;)
“Me neither.” Tony says, and that is, by many means, not true – but it’s true for the only meaning that matters at this moment. “But sometimes it’s all we can do.”
“Hum.” Doctor Banner shyly hums, when both Agents and Stark turn to look at him with anticipation. “Yeah, sure? SHIELD didn’t really get me a place to stay, I was supposed to be in the Helicarrier while we looked for the cube and then… I’d go back to Calcutta, I guess.”
Nebula are staring down at him in a semi-circle of disapproval, almost creating a barrier between him and Tony, Bruce, and Thor.
“I wasn’t gonna be on the team for long. I didn’t mean to come back. I just…” He shrugs, shaking his head. “I don’t know.
She wraps her arms around his shoulders and leans forward, hugging him, bringing him closer even if that means she’s squishing his face into her stomach, and Tony doesn’t want to back up, not even to breathe, because he doesn’t
Tony doesn’t know Gamora, didn’t even get the chance to meet her when the Guardians found them on Titan. By then, Thanos had already taken her. But he understands. Tony feels an echo of Nebula’s pain in his own chest, a hollow thrum that stings with every heartbeat, the corners and edges still hot and sharp when they move and breathe. Aching loss. Tony can so easily imagine the kind of woman Gamora must have been – Nebula’s sister, she sure would have been just as fierce, just as precise and determined.
One day, they can fix this. They can deal with it. It’ll blow over – and Bucky will be safe, Wanda will be safe, they’ll be free, and then they’ll fix it. It’s not the end of the world. They can save the Avengers, after they both heal.
“We can’t just ignore the environmental threat.” Bruce mutters insistently. “If we divide, me, Tony and Rocket can get into the lab as soon as possible and start running tests and finding a solution to get rid of the ashes. If we could reach Shuri—” he trails off and looks hopefully at Natasha and Rogers, but Natasha only averts her eyes and shakes her head minutely, and Bruce’s face falls for a moment.
He can’t hold Tony at an arm’s length if he wants to forgive him. He can’t do that if he wants to be
“We have to start production back up.” Pepper suggests, after they all make a pointed pause. “Reorganize whoever’s left and… find a way to get things running again. Water, power, medical—"
Tony understands what she means about trust. Trust is something Tony doesn’t have much to spare to begin with, so – he understands. What she’s trying to say. She trusted him when he said it wouldn’t last, the thing with the suit – and that turned out not to be true. He promised to be more careful, and that wasn’t true, for a long while. He promised to stop, to step back and let someone else take the reins, and that didn’t happen either.  He promised signing the Accords would make it easier to step down, and then it didn’t – and then he promised no more surprises, and then he didn’t. He knows
Steve sprains his ankle, and Tony laughs so hard he cries, that his voice cracks and his eyes wrinkle adorably, and Natasha nearly kicks him out.
Tony clicks his tongue, letting out a harsh breath, looking around desperately for anything that might help him get struck with divine inspiration on how to make this stupid plan work.
, the god of thunder, Thor, the one person Tony had thought would jump at the opportunity to take revenge on an enemy as strong as Thanos, is refusing to act?
Steve goes to bed uneasy, in the middle of the night. It’s the first time in three days he’ll try to sleep.
Tony keeps meaning to see the message Rogers sent out to the public and he keeps forgetting, because everything is happening
Tony slips his glasses back on and gives them a wide smile and peace signs, picture-perfect and utterly charming.
, because lately, he feels like he’s been walking around with his chest burst wide open, with his beating heart exposed, to bruise and to scar, to
to fit into, there hasn’t been since Ultron. They snap and fight and punch each other, but their forgiveness for each other’s mistakes seems endless; but where is
other than to get back at Thor for having been around before. So – revenge. And you all got in his way, so obviously his problem with Thor extends to
The Iron Man armor is so massive that not even his shield could slice through it, but if the impact had caused the armor to slam all of its weight in Tony’s chest, Steve might’ve fractured his ribcage. Which is no less concerning than damaging his heart.
He reacts badly. He shoves the woman off a bit more forcefully than he should, and he probably bruises her wrists, but he won’t stand behind for long enough to check. Somehow, he finds himself with his arm around Steve’s waist, gripping him tight and pulling him closer, enough that Tony can hold on to him and take flight, dragging him away from the woman and the crowd by sheer force. They blast through the sky, retreating quickly towards the White House garden, where Tony can shakily see Natasha standing there waiting, as Carter and Ross, looking lost and worried out of their minds, carrying their guns in iron grips and shaking hands, breathless and heaving, undoubtedly confused and scared of the sudden sounds of screaming retreat outside the House when they were supposed to be
And Steve doesn’t know what comes over him, because he recklessly blurts out, “I can’t stop thinking about it.”, before he can think properly about it; and he sounds like a madman, he sounds wrecked and haunted and he knows Natasha can see it but for some fucking reason he can’t seem to be able to hold it in anymore. “The Reactor
Maybe it’s his cracking voice, or the frantic way he widens his eyes, or the defensiveness in his rigid shoulders – Bruce looks at him for a long second, and Tony stares back, and it’s awkward, and tense, and when no one finds any words to say, Pepper steps forward:
“Still, might be good to have a fresh pair of eyes on the problem.” Tony offers anyway, as a peace offering, to steer Lang away from the awkwardness of his earnest attempts to express his admiration for Bruce and put him back on track. “You might see something we’re missing.”
, something Tony has no time to overanalyze right now, not when he feels like there’s molten lava running through his veins
And Wanda agrees, looking at the floor absentmindedly, her thoughts far away from the apartment, probably still in that parking lot earlier that day. Steve wants to say something to make her feel a little better, but can’t seem to find the right words, no matter how hard he tries.
And she does – and the screen lights up with to different projections of the globe, one from days ago, and one rendered from the information she can obtain in real time.
“We need to close you up again.” Nebula scowls, but with no real bite in her voice. She just frowns at Tony, looking tired for the first time since Tony’s met her, and deep down, he feels really fucking guilty that he was the one to make her feel that way. “Hold on tight. I’ll help you back. You can see the people and I can close your wound.”
Tony has taken this same route to DC many times, and though his sense of the passage of time has never been the best, this flight seems to stretch for an eternity, the scant light spots they can see passing by beneath them as they fly not nearly as abundant and frequent enough to be a relief. He can’t be sure if the cities are all losing power or if there’s no people down there, or, if there are, if they’re just hiding in the dark, afraid of being seen. The uncertainty is the worst part, the fear of the worst and the naïve hope for the best, and no way of knowing which is which.
Right behind them comes Rhodey, carrying a grimacing Clint in a very unbalanced position, clearly having grabbed onto him in a rush, desperate to get him out of the fire, followed by Thor; Whose face is just as stormy as the rain that gets heavier and heavier around them, as the clouds up above so black they can’t even see them—
But it’s only that, a distant thought, too far away for him to reach when the immediate thing on his mind is the pure and unbending feeling of discomfort of
If Nebula knows what happened to her – she’ll have to tell them. That’s not… That’s not fair. On one hand, he wants to hear it, they need to hear it, but it’s still not
than any of them would dare to imagine. Tony has no idea how old Thor is, and he wouldn’t dare to ask now, but he is fully aware that Thor has been alive for centuries before any of them, even Rogers, and, if he survives, he will be alive for many centuries to come, long after they are gone.
, and Steve promised himself he wouldn’t let them – but this isn’t about the Accords, is it? He promised not to fight about the Accords, not about anything else. And he promised to compromise, he promised he’d
“As far as I am aware, the heroes currently acting only inside the US territory are using private resources and have no association with the government, so they are not required to comply with the Accords. As for legal protection, they are only secured by those laws already in place in the American legal system.” Vision informs them. “So far, all active superheroes outside the Avengers Initiative are being protected by rights of self-defense and defense of others, and in certain cases, clauses of duty to rescue. The legal classification varies from case to case. It was considered that all current active heroes to be included under the protection of Good Samaritan Laws, but the suggestion has yet to make its way to congressional approval.”
He thought Tony was gone. He hadn’t allowed himself to think about it when Thanos came, he didn’t – he had refused to think about it, he draped himself under the safety of the rush of adrenaline that came with wearing the cloak for the soldier, the weight of responsibility the took upon himself every time he allowed the persona of
Tony speculates, finds no conclusion, and then speculates some more. After the third repeat, he decides this is getting him nowhere, and making a new armor from scratch is a far more productive way to spend his time.
“Your family—” Tony stutters, and the rest of the words get trapped in his throat, and he can’t force them out.
“Was there—” Tony bites his lip, reflexively, unnerved by its tremble. “Was there any way we could have stopped this? We could have… found a way?”
“After longs hours of deliberation.” The man says, and the identification beneath his image tells them this is Judge Talbot, the very man who might have just sentenced Scott for a terrible fate; or not. “The delegation, along with World Security Council, the United Nations’ Enhanced Individuals’ Protection Board, and the American and the German representatives of the Sokovia Accords, has decided to sentence Scott Lang, the man known as Ant-Man, who sided with Captain America and the other Rogue Avengers against the Accords, to a prison sentence of ten years, to be carried out in the United States Penitentiary in California—"
“After seeing you like this? No way.” Sam turns his back to Natasha when he concludes she will not attack – at least, not while he stands there -, and he faces Steve head-on, determined. “Something’s wrong with you, man, and I don’t leave people to hurt themselves when they’re bad. I’ve seen a lot of soldiers do some crazy shit to themselves when they were down, Steve, I won’t let you do the same.”
“What do you think?” She smiles wide, gesturing to the mannequin with excitement. “Looks cool, doesn’t it? What do you think about the colors? Would you like something darker? I didn’t think you would like to have an all-black suit like my brother, but who knows. I think blue is a good color on you.”
They sit in a table that’s actually two tables pushed together, because there’s no room for all of them, and it’s a tight fit, but it’s okay. The thing that bothers him is that Tony is sitting right across him and for some reason, he won’t ever look in Steve’s direction, which couldn’t be more unnatural if he tried.
Roger’s face twists something ugly, like it hurts him, and he takes long enough to answer that he gets easily interrupted.
“When Ross’ unit entered the slums, I just ran.” Bruce admits, like it’s shameful. “I ran, and ran, and never looked back. I didn’t even think how it would look. I was just running for my life. And it wasn’t until later that the gunshots started.”
And there is that doubt, there is that regret and that second thoughts that have been plaguing his minds and driving him insane, because
“It is not really about deserving, my friend.” T’Challa says kindly. “It is simply about doing what is right.”
FRIDAY’s reply is unusually subdued. “I don’t have all the data necessary to make a precise calculation—”
A strange look crosses Thor’s face, something that almost looks like pain, but Tony ignores it. He won’t give himself time to freak about it – It’s not even the real
“Is there any way to knock him out?” Lang inquires, looking at every single one of them expectantly.
They have very little belongings with them, but they grab it all as they leave, and they’re greeted by the sight of T’Challa’s personal guard, the Dora Milaje, all standing close to end of the platform, seemingly at ease. But even so, Steve does feel the kind of threat they impose, just by being present. He knows their presence is not something personal – they are the royal guard, and it’s perfectly logical that they should be present when a strange plane enters the palace territory – but even if he passes them with no hesitation, he can feel their analyzing and assessing as he does, and it does make him more alert, adrenaline pumping back into his veins, like his body is using whatever excuse it can get to make him feel distressed.
“It’s good to see you, Vision.” Steve says cordially, because he doesn’t know how to carry this conversation on. Now that he’s here, his words are failing him. “It’s been a while.”
“Cap.” Clint says, demurely. “I know it’s hard to do it. Trust me, I do. I’ve got three kids, they’re all goddamn menaces, and I worry about them every single day. I always worry if I’m doing enough, if—”
On other news, I have an incredible announcement to make! Suspension of Belief, the Part I of this series, has hit 10k
He wants to be rude and insult them in some way, but he can’t bring himself to do it. What would be the point? There is no point anymore. And it’s not like it isn’t true. The suit is right there – broken, distorted, scraps of metal and junk spread across the soil, the dirt and debris, and trapped around him like the universe’s most cruel of cages. The Guardian has seen him fight also, has seen the armor mold itself around Tony and respond to his commands, the symbiotic relationship between them, and Tony knows they are smart enough to know that
And this is – this is on a small scale. Tony has no idea what has happened to the governments. Hell,
He asks, while he is quickly putting on his boots, inclining his head in the direction of the TV, “What are those things?”
He spent three days suffering over it. 63 hours – that’s when the call came in. Trough War Machine’s suit, which none of them had even
The Compound is too big. It had to be, at first, because Tony doesn’t do anything half measured. He brought everyone and everything he thought was necessary to ensure they were all safe. That the
But even then, Steve wishes he was alone with Natasha, just for this moment. He knows that vulnerability and Natasha is a very unpredictable combination, no matter how close they are, and he isn’t comfortable pushing these boundaries eve after years by her side. But he will push them. As kindly as he can, but he will, because Steve simply doesn’t know how to keep quiet in moments like this.
Now, he doesn’t feel bitter. He feels hopeful. He wants to believe everything will be fine, so hard it makes his heart beat a little bit faster, and he keeps his hands very still at his side in a conscious effort to stop himself from fidgeting with pent up nervous energy.
need this. I trust you as a friend, and I trust you with my life, but – if this is going to somehow break the trust we have on each other, I would prefer to have you, just as a friend, than not have you at all.”
Ms. Carter considers his words – and his expression – for a very long moment. He wonders what exactly she is looking for. A confirmation he didn’t lose his mind? He would not fault her for that. Many years ago, in her position, he would have done the same.
Wanda steps back a bit further and their moment passes. When it does, Vision turns to them with his expression serious, determined, and he takes a step forward to make sure they all can see him properly, before he announces:
Sam and Nat look at him, waiting for his reaction, and he makes a quick decision. Clint seems to think this is a time-pressing matter, and Steve can’t waste any more of it. He’ll decide, and see what happens. They’ll be ready for whatever the outcome. “We’ll be there in an hour.
make sense, I’m not sure if I’m liking the way this conversation is going so far.” Bruce pleads, a laugh that’s all desperation escaping his lips.
The Arc Reactor is his heart. It's not really, but at the same time, it is, and Steve knew it. He knew how important it is. How terrifying it feels for him to have someone get too close, to have it being threatened, to have it
“Mr. Jarvis, listen to me.” The Deputy Chief calls, gently. “I’ve been doing my best to keep your presence inside SHIELD systems under wraps, but I can only do so much. I have someone very close to me I cannot trust, and I won’t be able to distract him very long. I’m giving you another way in. You have to understand that if you want to know what happened to Howard Stark,
If Tony was a little calmer, he would ask them to slow down. If Tony was anyone else at all, he would have told them that and asked them for a little room to breathe.
Nebula makes a long, heavy pause, considering Tony’s words, and Tony is so desperate to get out of here, get out of this place, that he almost tells her to do it anyway, despite the risk of pushing him into cardiac arrest. He can almost hear the cogs in Nebula’s brain turning – and isn’t that the most ironic expression right now? –, furiously, and Tony, for a second, is afraid that she’ll ask him to remove them, every single one, so they can use his Arc—
“You need me here, too.” Tony hastily reminds her. “You said you need engineers. I am an engineer, and I’m staying.”
There's a lot of information in this one, folks. Grab a pen an paper if you wanna. Maybe when this is all over, I'll show you my own annotations for this fic - and they are long, not gonna lie aksjdhajksfhkjasf Maybe it would be interesting to see what you guys think about it!
Pepper nods minutely, subdued, and starts walking closer again, her steps silent and soft on the cold floor; Tony jerks out of his rapidly darkening thoughts when she’s back in his personal space, close enough to touch, her hands closed into anxious fists and her fingers twisting and rubbing uncomfortably, but her eyes so,
Rhodey throws him a disbelieving look but says nothing. With a squeeze, he releases his hold and walks out too, leaving Tony to his weariness and his thoughts, and what the
High in the air and inside a heavy-duty aircraft, they can’t hear any sound coming from the direction of the rapidly approaching destination, but they don’t
it’s the kind of thing Howard Stark would say. Has said, even; And he doesn’t realize that belief doesn’t resonate with everybody else’s.
“I need to see if it’s ok anyway.” Tony insists. “I had my AI with me before I left Earth. The connection was severed when we breached the atmosphere – I need to try and reconnect, to see if she’s alright.”
“As I said.” Tony gives a light shrug, pressing his lips into a hard line for a brief second. It makes his jaw tighten, and all his gums hurt when he does so, all the way up to the insides of his skull. “Not much I can do. But I can fix that arm.”
“She was the one to cut me from her life – and for good reason, I admit. I wouldn’t admit it before, but I see no reason why not to, now.” Thor confesses; And that’s the right word, confesses, because the way he says it… Tony doesn’t think Thor has ever talked about this before. Not this openly. Not this… truthfully. “Not when I’ve lost everything. My home, my best friend, my brother, my father. My sister, who I didn’t even have the chance to truly meet. Granted, she was the worst, I certainly didn’t miss much in that regard, but—”
After two years of absolutely no contact, seeing Captain America, Black Widow, Ant-Man, Hawkeye — These people have very publicly and very loudly rejected the pleas of the nation for transparency and accountability. That’s how the headlines were written after Leipzig, how people screamed their questions at Tony’s face every time he stepped out of the house for the first six months.
Exhaustion lets Tony sleep for full ten hours, which is more than he ever expected, and for once he’s grateful that his mind and body were so worn out not even his worst nightmares could stir him during the night. But the morning is still gloom. When he wakes up, Pepper is already awake, sitting against the headboard and staring quietly at the darkened, foggy window, unmoving; And cold, bleak dread floods Tony so completely he freezes still, like a deer in headlights, and he wishes
Rhodey sighs, long and deep, and his head hangs low. “I don’t know, Tony. Maybe even the Infinity Stones can’t do everything by themselves.”
He doesn’t want to admit it, but it’s true. They have to stay away from the palace, or else they might destroy something without meaning to, and Steve owes T’Challa far too much already to risk that happening in any way.
“The hard decisions of a leader.” T’Challa thinks aloud. “You had to choose between a teammate and a friend. No choice will ever feel right.”
is quiet. The silence is deafening in its cruelty, cutting as deep as the blade that went through his stomach, visceral and gut-wrenching pain, aching in a way he knows he can’t make it stop. There is only one sound, one constant, gentle whistle of a breeze that should not even exist, the low rumbling of a distant storm, something he can’t be sure if it’s truly there or it’s only a trick of his mind; A mockery of his senses, an illusion to somehow translate the mess within.
He considers it sometimes. Obie is just like him, an ambitious, restless man, and he has resources and connections that could be helpful to Howard. And great minds think alike, he reasons; Obie wouldn’t give him unnecessary problems with questions about the ethics of his project as some others would, he’d just get Howard whatever he asked for and the whole thing could advance a lot faster, with two heads thinking instead of one.
Thanos is going to fucking exterminate them, like the meteor did with the dinosaurs, burying them beneath dust and dark, until they wither away or suffocate to death. That’s what he’s going to do. Mass extermination, slow, drawn-out
So, when he wakes up in the future and his memories don’t let him sleep, he finds a way to pass the time and makes a habit of regularly damaging gym equipment. When they tell him he’ll have to bring the Tesseract back, Steve is pissed, but he does it. And then they tell him the guy who stole it is a god, an actual, genuine god, with powers and everything, and Steve, although skeptical at first, sees both Loki and Thor for himself; He just
“What did you expect?” Natasha sneers. “He watched his parents die with their murderer right there.”
“Tell them what you told me.” Tony urges, with a wave of his hand. “See if we can make some sense of that first.”
, and he tilts to the side and makes a sound that implies a question, facing Nebula almost as if he were truly looking at her.
“You’re not one of my heroes, Rogers, don’t think too highly of yourself.” Natasha snaps, but her words lack any bite.
“Sam?” Steve calls, and he waits until Sam has turned around so he can ask, in a almost bashful tone, “How is Nat?”
with you!?” Barton yells, when Rogers does something that, in a more benevolent mood, Tony could almost call a flinch. But he’s not. He’s not, and so what happens is that Steve Rogers just stands there looking at him with barely a twitch in his perfect face, and Tony – Tony
“He’s a megalomaniac with an insanely strong weapon.” Tony comments. “Guys like him don’t like to stay hidden for long.”
” Steve presses, his voice sour and his posture rigid, contained poorly in his attempt to keep quiet as to not disturb Wanda in the next room. “Clint. How long has she been thinking this is somehow her fault?”
“Tony.” Pepper looks at him with wide eyes, blue filled with sadness and concern, the scrunch of her brows so deep it creases lines into her forehead in a way that Tony never wanted to see. She’s so pale her freckles have disappeared into the pallor, the grey light of the days robbing everything, even her glow.
“They are the strongest things in the Universe.” Natasha reminds him, in a voice Tony hasn’t heard her use in years, a dangerous drawl, almost a trap. “Why would they do that?”
Steve can’t take this happening again. He can’t— He can’t watch while the people he cares about tear themselves apart over guilt they shouldn’t feel, beating themselves up, carrying the weight of the world on their shoulders silently, until they’re crushed under the pressure. They can’t be dwelling on this. How can they heal, how can they move forward if the past is dragging them back?
“I tried to destroy it with Mjolnir. It didn’t work.” Thor desolately admits. “The Stone just pieced itself back together and Malekith took it.”
“He can.” Howard sighs, impatiently. He has to go back to the contracts, Obie is expecting them by this afternoon, and the meeting can’t be rescheduled. What difference would it make? If it made her happy, might as well put it in the system.
“Yeah?” Wanda asks mockingly, suddenly sounding like she’s on the verge of tears. “Did you tell anyone about what I made you see? Your greatest fear? Did you ever let anyone help you with the burden that you can’t control?”
Broken promises hurt more than most things. Disappointment and betrayal have a very distinct flavor on the tongue, like ash and blood, and it doesn’t wash away over the years. It clings. It taints. And every time you swallow, it’s there, to make you remember, feeling like poison going down your throat, killing you slowly.
Cap purses his lips like he wants to say something, but won’t let the words fall out of his mouth. Instead, he pauses, for some reason he also looks Tony up and down, like he’s assessing his physical state, and, out of the blue, asks:
“Simply practicing, Captain.” Vision makes a resigned expression. “I can’t imagine being afraid of your own powers is a very pleasant position to be in. Wanda has no one to help her get familiar with her abilities, so she must explore them and learn to control them on her own. It is only fair. She deserves to feel comfortable with herself.”
“Stark, calm down.” Nebula orders, pushing him back down by his shoulder and hip, trying to stop Tony from rolling over the edge of the bed as he intends to. “You’ll open your stitches. Stop it!”
That’s what makes him walk into the room with his back straight, with as much composure and calm as he can, even though his chest still feels like it weighs a ton. It’s not a matter of dignity, not really. It’s not even him putting up his guards, although he feels like he
It surprises him, but at the same time, it doesn’t. Giving it away in full detail for the public would’ve been a nightmare, handing over all reasons and ammunition for a renewed fight over who was right and who was wrong, and Steve is so damn glad it doesn’t happen. He wouldn’t stand it, to be forced to sit back and watch, really watch this time, as the world split itself in two over their conflict, over accepting them or letting them burn,
“No! It’s… cute.” Tony says, uncertain if that’s the word. “Monkey-America, paraded across the country, when all he wanted was to fight. It’s very telling. Very you. I like it. Monkey-America? Captain Monkey?”
Steve can understand. He will not resent Scott for this. How hypocritical of him it would be if he did, when Steve is the one who thinks of the Avengers Compound and the word that comes to his mind is
“I’ve been a spy for a very long time, Cap. And if there’s one thing I learned from all those years, is that governments fall every single day. It’s more dangerous to stay under the jurisdiction of the US than the UN.” Natasha says. “Being trapped under the thumb of a single nation is worse than being trapped under many nations. When you have a lot of people distracted with something, is much easier to slip out through the back door. Much easier to find loopholes. Much quicker to find a way to wiggle out of a bad place. I would know, I’m a specialist on it.”
When he opens his eyes, the room seems much brighter than when he walked in. Ironically, it looks much smaller too. He stumbles out of the chamber and finds that his body is suddenly so big he can’t control it, and his spatial awareness, unsurprisingly, is still a complete mess. So he wobbles and stumbles a little when he tries to walk, like a newborn fawn or an incredibly oversized child, and Stark and Erskine hold him steady while he catches a metaphorical breath, his head still spinning from
Natasha’s shoulders drop again, as the quick anger dissipates from within her, leaving only the lingering ache of sadness behind. Steve watches her and for the very first time, he realizes how
“I would like to know if you have any idea about what might be troubling Miss Romanov. As you might have noticed, she hasn’t been quite herself as of late.”
“Somehow, I can’t doubt that.” Tony affirms, out of his depth, the breathlessness he feels far less related to his physical strain than he’d like to admit.
they suddenly look, how odd it is to see them so open and close to each other, like their friendship has deepened in ways they have no idea while they weren’t looking.
explain, because Rhodey doesn’t know. No one does, but him, FRIDAY, and Vision. Well, him and FRIDAY, now. Tony thinks he would have, because he almost did – but at the same time, the birth of Mark L and Tony’s own plans to deal with alien threats for the past three years, the secrecy of his new projects and all the all-nighters he pulled whenever he could, without alerting Pepper… It all speaks of him
just went on, because some of them, especially Nebula, Natasha, Barton, and Rogers, look extremely wary as they take in their surroundings.
Since when they have been stopping the Avengers from becoming the safe haven Natasha so desperately needs?
“Yeah?” Sam agrees, but it sounds like a question. “You said Stark went crazy and blew Barnes’s arm off. ‘Cause Zemo did something—”
It had hurt, to hope for it, knowing – realizing – that how they had left things was so bad he could have lost something he hadn’t even known he would miss so badly. The years on the run were consuming, all-encompassing dread and loathing, so full of emptiness he couldn’t ever fill, and it always came back to this—
That’s why they avoid it. That’s why they don’t speak about Bucky, or Tony, or Bruce, because they all have complicated feelings, and bruised hearts, and so many regrets. Steve can’t even begin to imagine how it is for her, to have cared for Bruce – to have
“Yeah.” Steve agrees with a sigh, but he sounds sorrowful. “And I couldn’t risk it. Not before the serum, and definitely not after.”
Steve rubs his hands in his face, wishing he could just brush off the sheer exhaustion he feels so deep in his bones with just a mere shrug, but he can’t anymore. He’s so tired of this. So tired of fighting. He wishes Natasha would stop. That everything would stop. He wishes he could rewind back time and fix Sokovia, fix everything before it happened, so they wouldn’t have been left with
Tony had been living two separate lives because this was the only way he could’ve kept Pepper safe. He realized that, after Killian. Pepper couldn’t be a consequence to his own addictions and vices, to his work and the
To be honest, it’s a level of craftiness Steve hadn’t expected from Vision. But then, Steve hadn’t expected Vision to ever look at Wanda in the way he does, so fond and devoted and happy and
Is this a thing that simply runs in their family? This uncanny ability to make him feel scrutinized so deeply that he seems to be see-through? Or is it just the discomfort, the uneasiness and the shame coiling in his guts that make him feel that way, feel shame for not having handled this better, not being able to fix this all by himself, as he wishes he could?
Tony nods, his lips twisting and twitching uncomfortably, averting his gaze, all attempts of finding an adequate response completely failing him. “Sure did.”, is what he says, and he knows this is no response at all, not for what Nebula is
Beyond the very obvious trauma, these people need medical care, too, to make sure they’re fine. They
the way his hands shake as he raises them to pet his stupid creations, the metal cool and covered in a sheen layer of dust when he touches it, particles so thin they are as soft as baby powder, and Tony rubs it between his fingers, confusedly.
Steve, not for the first time, wonders what people see when they look at him and Bucky side by side.
He’s so grateful for Shuri’s help, despite her insistence in keeping them apart at first. It’s not like doesn’t understand where she was coming from – it was just… difficult to accept, when she said it. He was still feeling so raw from the loss. From the fight. Keeping Bucky around made him feel like he was
Oh boy, this got angsty, didn't it? I swear I'm gonna make him feel better eventually, I promise. Keyword eventually, but it'll happen, trust me.
So here it is, chapter two. Be careful, Tony's in a really bad place right now, and he's not gonna get better for a while. There are many moments in this chapter where he comes close to have an
“Tony does not need any of those things. He only needs a friend.” Jarvis insists, and he suddenly realizes how desperate he is for this to go well. For Tony to be safe. Because he can
Steve had never had any intentions of getting Bucky involved in a legal process. It would be unfair, and it would only make Bucky feel worse. Steve would have ignored every single accusation ever made about the Winter Soldier if he had his way. But the world wouldn’t. The world would ask for reassurance, for proof, for safety measures, and what could have Steve given them?
Bruce puts on glasses, glasses Tony has no idea where he got from, and steps closer, squinting at the gauntlet. “Did you get close enough to look?”
Nebula pushes him away just as Tony tries to take a step back, and he immediately regrets it. His knees are weak, and they give under him lightning fast, the joints not even making an effort to hold him up, and as soon as he feels his balance shifting, his heart rate goes wild and he suddenly can’t breathe.
the hand he swings around when he’s showing off the buildings on campus, which is exactly why Steve gets a fist to the nose in the first place.
“No.” Tony replies instead, with more certainty. “I tried. He didn’t even have all the stones yet, but not even the jackhammers of the armor did enough damage to knock him out. I got
If he thinks about it a little harder, he knows it’s not that simple. Under the cloud of negative feelings that surface unbidden to live right under his skin, he
Bruce, maybe – and then have him leave the way he had. How hard must it be, for someone like Natasha, to let someone inside her heart. The walls she built around herself are strong, but they are not unbreakable, and for a woman who isn’t afraid of claiming that love is for children, there is so much love hidden inside her that she has no comfortable way of letting out.
“The possibility of hurt.” T’Challa affirms, voice mellow and understanding, so full of genuine concern that it’s the only thing that stops Steve from replying in a very rude manner. “I do not blame you for it, Captain. We all like to avoid pain. But our actions have consequences, consequences that sometimes affect the ones we care about, but we must face them anyway. It is our burden, in this life.”
, from the vacant look in her face, the stiff posture of her shoulders, that her night has not been as blissfully blank as his. Her gaze lost, her hand loosely wrapped around his, her long, delicate fingers sweeping soft caresses across his knuckles – it’s all distant, laced in muted unease, and it makes Tony’s chest hurt and his heart heavy, raw despair that Tony can recognize in a glance, and he wants to make it better, but he doesn’t know
It throbs low, the way an old wound does, or like a fresh one, numb beneath a thick, foggy layer of haziness and emptiness. Or exhaustion. He’s not sure. All the knows is that the walls are too bare, his skin is hot but he still feels cold, and that the silence is suffocating.
fight, not with how completely awful he’s feeling, body slumped and uncomfortably hollow, a constant ache in his breast as if the loud pounding of his heart was a fist that had bruised him from the inside out, his night spent in sleepless fits and cold tears streaming down his cheek into his pillow, the other side of the mattress empty and untouched.
This seems to frustrate her to no end. Tony doesn’t understand why, but again – he knows Nebula’s relationship with Thanos is
As the light shifts steadily with each floor the elevator passes by, Pepper closes her eyes for a moment, squeezing tight, her mouth twisted and brows scrunched together, and her grip on Tony’s arm becomes just a little tighter, her fingers digging steadily into his forearm. It hurts to watch more than it hurts to feel her nails sinking into his skin.
Antonio wishes he knew his name. He’ll have to learn. He wants to. He wants to learn how it’ll taste in his mouth much like the Captain is licking into
would he do it? They could have fought. They still had a chance. Why would he give up one of the most powerful objects in the universe to save
be waiting for someone to chase him and try to get revenge.” Rocket concedes, like he can’t argue with that statement either.
” Rocket shouts, hurrying behind her with his short legs, annoyance crystal clear in his eyes. Hastily, he turns to Natasha and Rogers, never slowing his tiny steps, and growls, “Tell them not to shoot us! We’re getting that spear and comin’ back!”
“So when Stark saw that…?” he pauses, giving Steve the cue to continue; to confirm his suspicions for him, because he can’t say them out loud.
(He could improve the IntelliCrops. He could share the workings of his own self-sustained power lines with the rest of the world.)
Eventually, she will meet Daniel. She’ll fall in love. She’ll get married and so will Howard, and they will work together for many, many years, reaching for the future so restlessly the adrenaline will never really fade. And Peggy is going to be happy every step of the way.
Problem is: it's going to take a little while to get ready, so, I want to propose something. If you have any ideas for an extra fic that should be included in this series, let me know! As a gift for all of you for the milestone, I am considering adding a small fic, just a one-shot really, to expand upon some scenes or missing scenes of Part I or the chapters posted so far in this fic. Feel free to leave suggestions! I want to know what you guys would be interested in discussing more at length. In the next chapter of this fic, I plan to create a poll so everyone can vote on selected prompts - and I should make a short fic based on the winning prompt soon after the next chapter is out. Don't be shy about it! I really want to know what you guys would be more interested in reading. I have some ideas of my own, but I'd like to know your opinion, because this milestone has only been possible to achieve because of you!
, the final nail in the coffin before it is left to rest forever, in one of the many holes in Steve’s graveyard of unspoken words.
Thor steps closer, eager to contribute. “The first Stone he got was the Power Stone. It was the only Stone in his Gauntlet, until he found us on the ship and stole the Tesseract.”
“When Zola told us about Tony’s parents… It almost slipped completely out of my mind.” Steve gives out a scoff that is supposed to imitate a laugh, but it falls short. It simply sounds like a dying breath. “Zola had admitted to causing civil wars all over the world, enslaving and killing and torturing, he admitted to killing
them, and I’m sorry for that. We both… We both had too much on our plates, and we didn’t always know how to talk to each other and that’s… partially my fault, too.”
“That’s not possible, Tony.” Bruce says gently, eyebrows scrunched up in painful sympathy, and Tony wonders if this is Bruce’s anxiety speaking, or if this is – this is the conclusion of the past three nights awake, of dark undereye bags and trembling hands, of searching and searching and coming up with
“Will I agree with them, T’Challa?” Steve asks - as a taunt, as a legitimate concern, he isn’t sure. But he must ask. “You know why I refuse to sign them. Tell me. If I read them, as they are, will I sign them?”
sorry. I should have known Ross was going to take the chance to do something bad to you, but I didn’t. Rhodey was in the hospital, Vision wouldn’t talk to me, Romanov and I had a fight, you can ask her—”
“He might need us someday, but he still won’t do it.” Natasha purses her lips, raising her gaze to his. “It’s not like him.”
“Put a pin on that too.” Tony says, agitated. “Next. We blow them up, get the cube, and Thor takes it back to Asgard.”
Clint gestures to the side, to a closed door, and lowers his voice as he answers “Inside. He’s talking to Wanda.”
, is what Tony types right before her eyes, actually seeming more urgent that she has ever seen him. It seems like he is typing faster. She is not sure. She’s so worried she can’t know for certain.
“The Secretary of State hasn’t been able to interfere in Mr. Lang’s incarceration or appeal to justice in any way until now.” Vision assures Steve. “And we will make sure it continues that way.”
After Iron Man, it's like a line formed outside his house, threat after threat, all of them just waiting for the right moment to knock at the door and get the chance to finally finish what Afghanistan has started.
But it is a plane. Tony can see the wing, slicing through a building, crooked and gigantic, right there.
. So we have to plan something to be prepared for that.” Tony points out, almost too aggressively for the complete lack of confrontation happening in the room.
Clint then turns to look at him, and for the first time in his life, Steve feels completely transparent.
“Wait, so what you’re saying is” Clint interrupts. “If we all just left the Avengers and started again with our own funds, a new team or whatever, none of this would have happened?”
“We’ll be fine.” Tony assures him, with all the honesty he can, because he wouldn’t dare present Rhodey with anything else, not about this. “Next time, we’ll talk.”
He can’t see if Vision squeezes back, because in a mere second it’s over, but that little display of affection tells him more than months and months of living together at the Compound ever did. When he thinks about it, as Sam said, it’s very obvious. But it feels… very different now.
Tony buys the drawing; and he feels like an idiot when Steve says “You know I could have just asked them, right? Technically, it’s my stuff.”
and Peggy drops everything she’s holding on top of the counter and rushes back upstairs as fast as she can, sighing in relief when she finds Tony’s screen lit for the first time in 48 hours.
“What?” Nebula growls, voice rough and scratchy, but her eyes are tired and her complexion almost sickly, so weird, so new, Tony has never seen a machine like her before—
, he has watched, in every single detail, his teammates change; And his mission had been exactly that. Watch. Not act.
Tony doesn’t want her to hurt. Pepper – Pepper is the light of his life, she’s the reason why he struggled so hard to be functional and not lose himself to the call of the armor and of the fight, to the siren song of letting himself go to waste with nothing but revenge and mindless righteousness in his brain. She’s his ground, she’s his safe harbor, and to see her suffer
, it really hurts, the idea that on even after the apocalypse they would trust him with this, even if Tony knows he sounds a little like a maniac – but he thinks he’s in his
“I’m just saying, it seems like they’re trying to escape using the sewers, I say we let them and then the rats will deal with this for us.”
“Enemy aliens. Sorry.” Lang explains. “I saw the attack on TV a few days ago. I was afraid they had come back and I just… thought it would be best not taking a chance.”
don’t understand. There are beings that exist in realms beyond my grasp, let alone yours, but we know they exist and they see things we can’t. One of those beings are Seers. Beings with gifts for prophecies and strong connections to Time, who – who can perceive past, present, and future in a way none of us can. After Maximoff attacked us and Barton lead us to his home, I left to ask aid to one of those creatures, called Norns.”
“You want the truth?” He says exasperatedly, almost goading Steve into arguing back, but before he can, Clint continues and says: “They’re not that bad.”
Maybe he’s about to give Tony one of his sad speeches on how “he gets that Tony is upset, but that was unnecessary”, or how “that’s unfair, they all lost something, and Tony should stop blaming them and focus on what’s really important here”.
the idea of sitting here and watching Nebula fold herself to the mere memory of Thanos, of what he put her through, but he can’t take her pain away just like he can’t erase his own, but that doesn’t mean he won’t
It wouldn’t be wrong. Tony himself doesn’t know if there’s any way that he’ll come out alive of a second brawl with Thanos. He barely got out of the first one as it was, even if against his will.
Rocket makes a snappy sound, like he’s offended. “What are we, Sakaaran trash? We’re here, we’re going to help you!”
“Wouldn’t you like to know.” Ross smiles, a vile, ugly thing. “You don’t worry about it, Stark. It’s none of your concern.”
“I know this isn’t something we thought was possible before, but we definitely have to consider it might be possible now.” Tony settles, carefully, before directing his words to Natasha, “I know you said what you saw came from your past, but we can’t prove that what Thor saw really didn’t come from the future. Actually—” He sniffs, uncomfortable, “Thor does have a point. He saw Vision. Before he was created. If one of the events he saw really came from the future, we have no way of separating what came from the past and what didn’t.”
“Just like FRIDAY, and all the others.” Tony gestures into the air, and without further prompting a screen comes up right before him, like a curious cat popping its head in to check out the room when someone calls its name.
it is making the idea awfully real, solid and sturdy in his mind, something that now doesn’t seem odd, it just seems
This arc is an odd one. It includes a lot of characters, two of which you already know about, Thor and Scott, but also more - and so many layers of issues that are related, and at the same time, not at all; and, much like family, it's complicated.
The stress is so high Tony would twitch in place if he wasn’t flying, stabilized by his armor. He gets jitters when he’s this nervous. He wants to go in, because he’s far away enough that he can’t see the actual damage, but he’s waiting on some visuals from Natasha and Nebula to make sure they won’t cause any sort of damage while doing in, like accidentally causing it to slide and jam deeper into the building over, also toppling it. Tony flies closer to the rubble he
“There isn’t.” Vision tells her. “The laws that secure my protection are very scarce. In fact, the law didn’t protect
It was a real threat, at that time. He… He doesn’t think he was wrong, giving it priority. He wasn’t wrong about that. But—
“So you hid it to protect Barnes?” Sam presses, shifting in his position to adopt a less intimidating, less intense posture.
It was what the sky looked like when they left the hospital, just like that. Filled with smoke and sulfur and clouds, blocking the sun, drenching the soil in gloom.
“What about you?” Steve insists. “I mean, you’ve been staying with Clint this entire time. If he’s going back… What would you like to do?”
