“Quite the mouth you’ve got on you,” The man sneers and stops a few steps away, eyeing Tony hungrily.  “I've got something much more fun you can use it for.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve asks eventually ,when he realises that he’s been lost in thought a little too long.
“Smells like something died in here,” Rhodey screws his nose up as he walks into the workshop.
Tony pushes off lightly from the ground, careful not to have a repeat performance of the last couple of times he’s tried the thrusters: he’s still bruised from head to toe. The thrusters kick in and he starts to hover a few inches off the ground.  OK, this is good, he thinks, this is working. He tries for a little more but using the gauntlet stabilisers to try and give him some control is a fuck of a lot harder than the theory, and he ends up shooting off in a couple of wrong directions. But then he gets the hang of it, using the stabilisers to balance out the thrust from the boots and he’s finally doing it. He lets out a whoop and then  brings himself back down to land.
“Why hasn’t Steve been to visit?” Tony blurts out one afternoon while Clint shows him some new yoga poses, instantly regretting his outburst and blushing a violent shade of red “And why did he send you and Nat rather than come himself?”
Steve just keeps leaning on the bar, his gaze on Tony never wavering. It’s not quite appraising, but it’s not entirely innocent either, and it’s making Tony’s skin itch, like his whole body is suddenly too tight. His brain supplies that maybe this is what it’s like to be in the space of an Alpha, to feel that sort of power, and Tony feels the fight just drain right out of him. Huh? How about that?
Tony watches the Captain, feels the warmth spreading through him further as those blue eyes drink him in, cataloging and gauging.  He thinks that he should feel unsettled, a little scared, but what he feels is pleased. It’s an unusual feeling for Tony, to feel as pleased as he does in the company of such an obviously powerful Dominant. It’s actually a little disconcerting, and Tony thinks it’s time he left.
That...Steve hadn’t meant to say that bit out loud but fuck it, it’s out there. And it’s the truth.
not fair, Steve using his Alpha voice like that.  “Shall I liaise with Pepper about it?”
“Oh boy,” Steve huffs out as his laughter subsides, and shakes his head pointing a finger at Tony.  “You’re trouble kid, I like it.”
Another interlude of sorts before another important chapter for our boys.
“Sometimes I think I'd be happier if I had someone to cherish,” Steve drops his voice into his Alpha tone and Tony’s eyes flutter closed briefly.  He leans over a little so that his mouth is closer to Tony’s ear. “I’d treat them so good,
* * * * * * * * * * *
“We work closely with S.H.I.E.L.D yes, but only because they’re the only agency currently equipped to help if we need them,” Steve says and he raises an eyebrow slightly at Tony’s swearing.  “But I thought it would be more beneficial to work directly with S.I. on Avengers business.”
Steve doesn’t visit.
“It’s not that I don’t trust Fury,” Steve continues, his lips twitching slightly.  “The Avengers are have a highly specific skill set so require highly specific equipment. For example, I've been through 6 punching bags in the last two days alone.”
“Ok Legolas, I'm in.”
, but somehow manages to not be imposing. He doesn’t loom like the other Dominants in the room, doesn’t need to. He exudes an aura that just screams Dominant without actually having to prove it. He just...
“Yeah, no. Tell you what Jay, do a weather and ATC check, start listening in on the ground control.”
So thank you for your patience and your truly lovely comments, it means the world it really does. I'm so very nearly almost done with the next chapter, so stay with my lads, it's comin'.
“Nothing Tony,” Steve grins and god, Tony is feeling some kinda way about Captain America’s predatory look.  Tony can’t help sneaking glances at the bits of the tattoo he can see, too drunk to care if Steve notices. It looks like a collection of roses, all intertwined with thorns and Tony wonders what it’s going to take to convince Steve to let him see the whole thing.  Steve catches him looking and raises an eyebrow at the drunk genius, and he can see Tony thinking about what he’d purred in his ear a week ago.
Lastly, who can spot the Gone In 60 Seconds reference?
“Well, well, what do we have here?” A drawl comes from the entrance to the bathroom and Tony’s eyes flick up in the mirror to see a wiry looking Dominant with short cropped dark hair and predatory eyes raking Tony up and down. He’s well built but not overly so, definitely bigger than Tony (who isn’t?) and the tight shirt isn’t doing anything to hide well muscled arms that Tony eyes warily.
“No Ben, unacceptable,” Steve can see an earpiece in Tony’s ear as he gesticulates wildly with his hands. He comes to a stop at Pepper’s desk and starts fiddling with the intricate desk ornament there.  Pepper instinctively reaches out a hand to take it from him without looking away from her screen, and puts it on the other side of her out of Tony’s reach. Steve tries to cover a smirk with his hand. “You tell them that they can stick their 12% up their ass. And
“Ah.”
“How...what…?”
I'm getting frustrated,” Tony grunts as he gets his feet under him. And he is, it’s fucking irritating. He’s a fucking genius, why can’t he get this?  “You keep putting me on my ass and it’s pissing me the fuck off.”
And that’s how Tony starts to learn about yoga and meditation, something that he would never have tried before but which he is extremely glad to have discovered now. Gradually, he learns how to push his frustration when he’s sparring with Natasha into a box so that it doesn’t cloud his judgement. He even manages to land a few kicks on occasion, which surprises all three of them.  He feels his body getting stronger as the weeks go on and it feels good. He’s even sleeping better and eating properly rather than just surviving on coffee and cat naps.
“Well, this has been a delight,” Tony visibly shakes himself and breaks the moment as he looks around at the other Dominants, all still speechless. He gives Steve what he thinks is a lingering look from under his lashes and in return, Steve gives him an eyebrow raise and a hint of a smile. “Captain, you know where my office is so don’t be a stranger. Office hours are 8 to 6. Good evening gentlemen.”
“Adhesive, what kind of adhesive?”  His question was answered as they landed by the Brooklyn Bridge.  Cars were at a standstill, he could hear people breaking their windows to climb out of their cars.  He had seen this before, a lifetime ago now it seemed.  Adhesive X, but it couldn’t be?  Zemo had escaped, but he had hoped someone had taken old sockface out in his absence.  Down the street some kind of black suited knight landed, he was riding a winged horse.  Steve blinked in confusion.  Maybe Baron Zemo had nothing to do with this after all.  He sure hoped not.
“How are you feeling?” Bucky says, grabbing him and producing a penlight from god knows where to shine it right in Tony's eyes. Steve has a hold of his chin, and Rhodey is patting his back. Tony feels like his life might be one giant cosmic joke.
“Steve are you...” Tony trails off when their eyes meet. He shakes his head, muttering something Steve just
Steve was in the kitchen frying up some bacon and eggs while talking to Jan about what on Earth was wrong with bananas nowadays, when Tony walked in.  He was in the process of buttoning up a lovely herringbone waistcoat, but he looked about as tired as Steve felt.  It was so good to see him back though, and clearly he wasn’t the only one that thought so.  Jan skipped over to collect a big hug and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Everything but the present fled out of his head however, when it was his turn to be scrutinized by the recruitment officer.  He was a beta this time, but no more impressed with Steve than any of the others had been.  He at least seemed regretful while turning Steve away, saying it just wouldn’t feel right to put Steve through when he was still sick to boot.  Steve cursed his foul luck to have had a coughing fit while insisting on his own readiness to serve.
“No, I’m not going to the VA, or anywhere else.” Steve felt bad for how that made Tony’s face twist with worry, but he carried on. “Look, Tony, it’s hard enough out there for vets trying to get an appointment at the VA,” He had been reading about it in fact, vets waiting for months for appointments, overloaded hospital systems unable to handle the sheer number of patients they needed to see, the backlogs stretching into the thousands.
“Tense.” Steve observes, digging his thumbs in and nearly twitching when Tony lets out a long drawn out groan, slumping back in his chair bonelessly.
Steve POV for this chapter!  Warnings for water-related things, talk of drowning, references to suicidal ideation, and religious imagery.
“Very good sir, shall I play Whale Song Playlist number one, or Clint's Sexy Cupid Montage number two?” JARVIS answers promptly.
“Yeah, I think you'd get struck by lightening if you tried to wear white.” Rhodey deadpans like the asshole he is.
“You got a Monet you could hang over my bed, might make it more homey.”  Steve said, only half joking.  Iron man seemed to pause.  “No, no fella I was kidding, this is wonderful, thank you, it’s perfect, really.”  He swallowed past the lump in his throat.  Anything he could have asked for was either impossible, or far too familiar to ask of a person he barely knew.
The letter felt like it was burning a hole in his pocket as he walked through the hallways towards a now familiar classroom.  The school was busy and buzzing with activity as ever, but Steve paid no mind to the noise around him.
The helmet Steve passes him is sleek, offering little bulk when Tony nestles up against Steve's back on the backseat of the motorcycle. Steve's stomach jumps when he tucks his hands beneath his shirt to press against warm skin.
“If you quote Han Solo to me I may have to do something rash.”
“I might have a hard time saying it later outside of here, but I love you too, so much, Steve.” It's easy to hold him close after that, their conversation becomes quieter and quieter, until both of them are struggling to stay awake.
“C'mon, up then.” Steve says, completely shocking the hell out of Tony by giving his ass a playful pat and then urging him up. He firmly resolves to cop a feel when the chance presents itself next. Amazing. Steve Rogers got a hand on his ass without turning beet red. Tony squints at him suspiciously once he's on his feet; socked toes digging into the plush rug beneath him.
“Yeah, about that.”  Iron Man said, subdued in a way Steve might have heard in a churchyard.  Steve swallowed.  He didn’t like the sound of that at all.  “You’ve been gone a long time, Cap.” In the distance, a city was coming into view.  Towering buildings dotted the landscape, but tucked within that alien labyrinth of metal and glass, the Empire State Building shone out like a beacon.  “A really, really long time.”
“Anything you want.”  Steve says, a sudden thrill going through him just with the thought of whatever Tony might have in mind.  He wants to do what Tony likes, if Tony would like it. He wants to please him. It's still so novel that anything he brings to the table could be something Tony could want.  “I trust you, you would know better than me anyway.” Steve mumbles, sighing and leaning into Tony when dexterous fingers curl in his short blond hair and pet there slowly.
It was nice though, having a bigger bed.  Sarah’s bed back in his apartment had been larger than his own, but Steve could never bring himself to sleep in it, so his cramped and sagging twin mattress had been where he continued to lay his head.  This new bed in the barracks felt almost luxurious, even though it was rock solid, and the pillow kind of felt like it might have been stuffed with munitions.  He heard officers got even bigger beds, and certainly nicer mattresses at least.  He wondered if General Phillips got a king size.
“Oh, right, New England.”  Tony said absently, Steve eyed his hands.  He was definitely counting cards.  Steve wondered if he even knew he was doing it.  The answer distracted him though, and he groaned.
“Ma’am.”  He nodded, clambering into the back seat of the car.  He heard Widow say something behind him, but his hearing felt strange, fuzzy.  He felt out of his body almost, as if he were floating above it, unreal and cold and strange.  The rush was still there, his senses were on high alert, but there was nothing to fight, nothing he could do to make the world make sense.  The interior of the car smelled like his own fear, his own sweat, God he needed a shower.
“Oh!  No,” Tony laughed, touching over the gold with one gloved finger.  “Gift from a very good friend, I wear it for good luck when I have shareholder meetings.  Rhodey is a peach, you’d get along, I’m sure of it.”  He looked so fond when he spoke of his friend.  It was sweet, vulnerable in a way you might not think a fella like Tony Stark might be.  It was also encouraging in a way, Tony definitely accepted jewelry.  Maybe the cufflinks wouldn’t be as off the mark as he’d thought.
touches him anymore-no one but Tony, and occasionally Iron Man. His bed is huge and empty, but Tony is right here, sliding fingers through his hair and whispering to him in sleep slurry Italian peppered with endearments that Steve remembers from the war. So he tucks the blankets around them; the canopy of pale fabric glows orange in crackling firelight, illuminating the tilt of Tony's face up towards his when he traces over Tony's cheekbones and rubs tiny circles over the smooth skin there.
idea.” The words are a low purr. Tony's eyes have gone half lidded as he presses kisses to Steve's gloved fingertips. Something hot and heady goes through his body when Tony's teeth close around the fabric of his glove and give it a tug.
“I'm in here.” He calls, practically vibrating with the anticipation of meeting this person. The tap tap tap of dress shoes sounds down the hallway, announcing the arrival of a man slightly shorter than Tony himself. He's a little broader though, dark skinned with warm brown eyes and close cropped hair. Tony sucks in a breath, the mug rattling in his hand.
A single red rose-promises life long devotion and love. The red rose speaks of a love that is unchanging and does not wither away.
He doesn't go to sleep, he
“Tony.”
“Fuck, wow, hello Captain Not Shy..” Tony murmurs into the kiss. “Steve
“Oh we've got some idea.” Carol says, shrugging when Steve gives her a look. Tony seems completely undisturbed, in fact he looks kind of proud. Steve supposes he'd be proud too if his behind looked like Tony's. Which is not a good train of thought to engage in while sitting at the kitchen table with the team while the owner of said behind is using his arm as a headrest.
With that thought, he stood up to change into some of the clothing he’d bought to work out in. Clint recommended the shorts, he didn’t understand why Jan had elbowed him in the side about it, they seemed just fine. Steve frowned, pulling them on, and topping them with one of Natasha’s picks, a pale blue shirt with the words American Made across the chest, and some little blue and white stars. It had made her smile, so he figured it was a good purchase. Some of those fancy new sneakers he’d seen at the athletic store were next. He contemplated strapping his shield to his back, but that seemed a little excessive, even for him.
He ate the soup Sarah put in front of him almost on auto-pilot.  It was a thick, hearty broth, it tasted expensive, and Steve ended up putting away two bowls of the stuff before finally climbing into his bed.  The winter blankets were piled atop it already, but even then, he still felt cold.
“I have already spoken with miss Potts and we have come to an agreement in regards to your present workload.” JARVIS sounds so very proud of himself. Tony blinks slowly. Maybe he's still asleep, maybe this is all a dream, or some kind of joke maybe?  “Captain Rogers appears to be waiting for you sir, shall I tell him you're on your way?” JARVIS says gently, interrupting his blank eyed staring into nothingness.
“I'm relaxed, so relaxed, I'm...oh-” Tony throws an arm over his face, groaning as Steve presses into him slowly. His cock is undisputeably hard, twitching slightly when Steve finds the right angle to make him gasp out obscenities and declarations of love as Steve sets about driving him to the edge with the same sort of methodical focus he applies to battle. Tony's body is easy to read, the flush down his chest, the way he pushes back against Steve, and the fluttering of his internal muscles when he does something that feels particularly good all serve to tell Steve he's doing a good job.  “Kiss me, Steve, kiss me, fuck, who taught you this shit, oh my god.” Tony sounds near delirious, moaning into Steve's mouth when he leans down to give him what he's asked for. He feels so good, so perfect like this, that Steve can't help but whisper that praise into his ear, lips pressed against sweaty curling strands to tell Tony exactly what he feels like wrapped around Steve's cock.
an instance of this:
“Mmm, yeah. Take me on a date Captain Handsome.” Tony says almost dreamily. Steve grins. Then blinks.
Everything after that is a blur. Then he crashes a plane into icy water and doesn't hear much of anything for a long long time. Later they will ask him if he dreamed while he was frozen, and he will tell them there was only blackness, but that is a lie. Deep in the dark he dreams of falling endlessly in silence.
touch him. Just the thought of that makes renewed heat coil in his belly. Tony's hands are on him, skimming over his stomach, then up to pluck and toy with his nipples. It sends a wave of pleasure through him that borders on overstimulation, and Tony leans in and kisses the moan right out of his mouth. He stays there, his mouth moving over Steve's, his tongue making arousal burn low like embers through Steve's veins.
“Tony, c’mon, you’re not heartless.” He came closer, and after some mental deliberation, rested his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “You can’t fool me, smart guy, I know you’ve got a big heart beating away in there.” He thought of Tony’s heart, destroyed and then replaced, his strength, his courage. No, he didn’t think heartless described Tony Stark at all.
“What's in my chest?” He asks again, this time with more alarm, yanking at the strange almost wetsuit-like material encasing his chest-and the round glowing light that looks like it's right in the center of his pectorals. His fingers skate over smooth glass when he touches over the light with his free hand. He knocks on it twice, gasping as the vibrations travel deep down into his thoracic cavity. That can't be good.
“I don't think times have changed all that much Tony.” He says, rising up to his full height again. Tony's eyes are wide with shock.
Steve had to do better.
Two days later he was in the kitchen, finishing his third peanut butter and jelly sandwich when Tony walked in chatting away to Natasha.  He only caught the tail end of the discussion, but it sounded like they were talking about medical terminology.  Steve couldn’t make heads or tails of it, but it sounded like it wasn’t any of his business as it was.
“Captain America cannot tell a lie, I think I saw a poster like that somewhere.” Tony’s voice sounded a little wobbly, but he sat back, and Steve let him put a small amount of distance between the two of them. No matter how much he wanted to keep Tony right where he’d been. Holding Tony like he had been, he realized it was an incredibly intimate way to go about it, with his hand on his neck and all, the way he'd been squeezing, even if it was gentle, but Tony had let him. Steve felt something hopeful and tenuous bloom within himself, even as he doggedly resolved to ignore it.
He stays in there for an inordinate amount of time, but it feels so good to just relax.  When he finally gets out of the shower there's a fluffy blue robe hanging on the hook directly outside the area with the glassed in shower, and a pair of warm flannel pajamas in a style he's worn before.  These are new, the tags still on them but the prices removed.
“Come down here, watch the snow with me, you're the only one not out there, wouldn't want you to miss it.”
I'm going to worry about it. You're out there, running around getting shot at by lasers and
“I'm not, I'm not. I wouldn't laugh at you, not about this.” Tony says hastily, holding his hands up in a quelling motion. Tony doesn't think that Steve is a virgin, but he's definitely not the type to talk about sex and intimacy openly. This has to be difficult for him, whatever he's getting at.
“We're gonna stand behind you and look intimidating, I brought my pointiest arrows.” Clint sounds excited at the prospect of menacing Justin Hammer. Natasha looks approving, striding over to Clint and shoulder checking him with clear affection.
Something he would like to try?  For a moment he thinks Tony might mean more food, but then he takes in the lean of Tony's body against his, the dip of Tony's long dark lashes, and he realizes Tony means something completely different.
Worse is the thought of Tony having died alone. Steve remembers Tony admitting that he loathed loneliness, how much he missed friendly touch in the long months he spent in Afghanistan. His voice had sounded so small, as if the admission was one he hadn't wanted to make. Worse still is the way he sounded while missing Steve's touch while in the pocket dimension. Steve can't dwell on that thought long, it's too painful, too raw.
“Cleaned up for you, wanted this, just been waiting for you to get back.”
to you.” He wants Tony to know he thinks the world of him, and is rewarded by the look transforming Tony's features with a blossoming sort of joy.  Tony's smile is like the sun coming up, so warm and real, nothing like the smiles he wears in pictures the press gets of him.
“No. No blindfolds.” He whispers, stock still, eyes wide and glassy. Steve holds his face between his hands, leaning their foreheads together. Rhodey is there too, murmuring an incorrect equation, then another. Tony wrinkles his nose, blinking out of his haze to glare over at his mathematical butcher of a friend.
“Jealousy. How ugly. Come Stark, you know SHIELD cannot hold me long, and when I am released perhaps we can come to an arrangement, I would so like to have a man of your looks and
I see you about to open your mouth to talk, zip it.” He says, miming a zipping motion.  Tony snaps his mouth shut with a click.  “They're
“Rhodey, Rhodey Bear, Gumdrop, my little Gummy Bear-” Tony's singsonging is cut off by Rhodey standing up and walking out of frame before reappearing a short moment later with a six pack of beer. He plops back on the couch, popping the cap from a bottle and taking a long swig; raising his eyebrows, and gesturing at Tony in a way that says it's Tony's fault.
“I uh...wasn't? You like them right.” Steve's probably red to his very toes, but he could not possibly care less when Tony's eyes meet his and a sly smile pulls across his lips. That's answer enough. This date will probably be the death of him, but he couldn't be happier.  He just hopes that Tony likes what he has in mind.  It's a risky thing, the plan he came up with late one night during the week Tony was off in Cairo.  Steve thinks of the red silk pouch in his bedside dresser and swallows heavily.
“I know you want me to be rougher with you sometimes, but just let me-” His own voice sounds almost foreign as aroused as he is. “let me do this, want you to feel good sweetheart.” He follows that request with the press of first one finger, then two into the slicked opening of Tony's body. Tony is certainly open enough for it, but there's still a stretch, tension in the line of Tony's back when he slips a third into him and spreads his fingers apart. For once Tony doesn't seem to have much to say. He lets go of the red material of his thong, gasping when Steve twists his other hand in it and all but rips it off. It's a small concession to Tony's desire to see Steve lose some of his control, and he can't deny the satisfaction it gives him when Tony presses back against his fingers with arousal and excitement. Steve spreads his fingers a little wider, and slips his other hand down to palm over the hot thick length of Tony's dick, and Tony's back bows, mouth opening in a wordless shout. It's beautiful,
Sometimes Tony thinks his soulmate is like a star.
“Aye aye captain.” Steve salutes. Tony rolls his eyes affectionately.
“Are you looking for me?”  He calls, staring out into the black expanse of swirling water.  The weight of the ocean is crushing him down, but he’s trapped.  Metal skeletons bear him down, glowing controls grow dark.  In that murky deep a pair of hands reach for him-gloved hands in brown leather-and Tony reaches back desperately.
“I'm looking Cap, Steve, I'm-I'm really looking.” The words are soft, vulnerable. Steve scoots closer on the couch almost unthinkingly. Their knees touch, and Tony's hands drop down, lashes dipping as Steve gently cups his face in one broad palm. It's utterly silent in the room save for his own pounding heartbeat, and that strange electrical hum that always clings to Tony. Beneath it he can almost hear Tony's heart.
Steve, please, please-” The words cut off into a long cry when Steve finally,
that makes it all worthwhile-of the fact that Tony has a secret to maintain but he can't imagine pushing Steve away, even if that makes it all the more difficult.
. Understood loud and clear.”
“Where you're going, no one's going to know or care which particular species you're going for. So you may as well save that egg-stravagent complaining for later.” Jan says with the air of someone making a royal proclamation. Iron man makes a sort of mechanical groaning sound, head snapping to where Wasp is fluttering around and looking all too gleeful for having made such a horrible pun.
“Yeah, tell me about it, What do you want, honey?” Tony lets his voice drop low and is rewarded by Steve pressing impossibly closer, their hips lining up
Europe was far more embattled than the states, which were kept safer by their isolation.  There was very little time to rest.  They were needed everywhere at once it seemed, moving from one mission to the next with an unstoppable velocity.  His alpha rushes became more pronounced, one bleeding into another until he could rest back at camp, wherever that was at the time.  Cold and shivering in his tent with a water bottle made hot by the fire and wrapped in whatever spare fabric he could find, Steve thought again of what it might have been like to have an omega curled around him.  He imagined it might be warm, that it would feel like laying in the sunshine on the first day of summer.  It didn’t need to be sexual either, it just would have been nice, to feel himself relax, to be able to fall into a deep dreamless sleep where the slightest sound didn’t rouse him to his feet like the walking dead.  Steve said nothing though, his wounds healed quickly, he could never fall ill, he was a good protector at last, everything an alpha should be, complaining that there was no one to cuddle hardly seemed like a matter of national security.
shouldn't say things like that to me in public Steve. It's not fair.” Tony might be whining but Steve seems to find it endearing. As if to prove that unvoiced opinion, Steve pulls him down into long heated kisses. Tony's brain is definitely not firing on all cylinders, but that hardly seems to matter.
“Does Mister Stark have a-” Steve pauses, his bow furrowing in contemplation. It gives Tony enough time to come up with a million horrible scenarios. Steve has found out what a horrible person Tony Stark is, Steve saw his sex tapes, Steve wants him to build a time machine. The possibilities are endless “a partner?” Well, that was unexpected.
already think we're married as it is, we can't disappoint our adoring public.”
“I am afraid, Captain, that this is not your decision to make-and correct me if I am wrong, but I believe you would do the same for me.” There's really nothing Steve can say to that while still remaining truthful. Iron man nods once, taking that for the admission of truth it is. A heavy gauntleted hand reaches out and squeezes his shoulder comfortingly.
” He shudders, slipping his hand away from Tony's chest to grab at the thigh wrapped around his waist-pushing it up and to the side so he can settle closer, feel the evidence that Tony wants him just as badly as he's always hoped. Tony is staring up at him with shock, and it's not every day Steve gets to see a super genius thrown for a loop.
“I think it's cute.” Steve says innocently, reaching up to pat the very phallic and very yellow stuffed fruit, where it hangs in a display among multitudes of other stuffed fruit near the top of the game stall. “You don't think Mister Nanners is cute?” Steve says, face completely serious, but the corners of his lips twitch tellingly.
He stares at them. They stare back. It's dead silent in the room, or it would be if Steve's hearing wasn't going haywire. Everything is buzzing as if it's electrified. It's not loud, just a low ever-present hum resonating in his ears with disconcerting unfamiliarity.  Nothing seems familiar in fact, everything looks wrong, as if he's stepped out of his world into a completely new one.  The hairs on the back of his neck stand up the way they always have when something wasn't right.
friends.
“You haven't come yet.” Steve observes, pulling out of Tony gingerly, touching over his hole to check him over. Tony Just hums, tipping his hips up To give him a better view. Steve feels the tips of his ears go hot, and just
“Thought there were more apple fritters...” Tony frowns, and Thor looks up having heard.
Still, he's here for information, and information he will get.
“Never been a problem before, seen other alphas deal just fine.” Steve said mulishly.
“Course I do, just c'mere, closer.” He whispers, urging Tony to scoot up and sit on his lap to whisper armor specs and frighteningly advanced tech ideas into Steve's ear. Half way into the explanation Tony starts rubbing at his own hands, shaking them out, and twisting them together in a clear expression of soreness.  “Keep talking, you need these in working order hand them over.”
“Tony.”  Steve groaned, his ears were warm.  “I mean you’re sweating.  Did you turn on the heater?”
are pigheaded and uncooperative.”  There's no real heat in the words, just that same concern that colored Iron Man's speech that day in the mountains.
“It will be.  It will be amazing, the best, you always are.”  Tony murmurs, tracing his fingers over the tips of his ears which have gone hot and red with the praise.  Steve doesn't know how to respond to that. Not in a way that won't seem like he's fishing for compliments.  How could he be the best to Tony Stark? Most of the time he just feels clumsy, like a bull in a china shop, but Tony never complains, always seemingly delighted to have Steve under his hands; always telling him he's the best, that he's perfect and wonderful.  Steve takes a deep breath slipping his hands up from Tony's hips to cup his cheeks and bring him closer. “Steve, darling, what is it?”
against the zipper of Tony's trousers in a way that makes him whimper.
As if in answer to his silent worrying, the man of the hour comes sauntering in. A fitted black t-shirt stretches across his shoulders, and a pair of sweats bearing Steve's shield and the words “Captain America” scrawled down the side encase his legs. Steve stares at them for a few seconds, wondering how it is that Tony always manages to have at least on piece of Avengers merchandise on him at all times.
Jan kindly didn’t say anything when Steve sat down at the table to finally eat his breakfast, she did look quite pleased with the state of affairs however, and she stole a slice of bacon from his plate.  Thor wandered in not too long afterwards, yawned and dropped into a chair with enough force to shake the table.  His chair groaned but held.  Steve passed him the orange juice.
The envelope is addressed to Tony Stark. Tony stares at it, one hand outstretched, before he thinks better of touching it without running some diagnostics first.
“Oh god-” Tony groans “Not gonna last long, fuck this is so embarrassing-I-I should-”
“Will you uh..will you sit with me? Kind of chilly tonight.  I know you don't like the cold much and neither do I, makes my skin itch.” The thought of being so close to Tony, wrapped up in a blanket and surrounded by pillows is about the most comforting thing his mind has come up with since getting on that damned train. Steve feels something miserable and unpleasant unknot and fade away as he slips behind Tony, mindful not to lay on his injured arm. The pillows are soft and warm beneath him, but not as warm as the man curling into his arms. Tony sighs quietly, turning to face him and tucking his head up under Steve's chin. He plucks at the fabric of Steve's shirt, breathing into the scant space between their bodies.
It's not until Iron Man's heavy steps recede down the hall that Steve realizes something.
“No, when you're not busy, know you said all next week you're doing things for S.I. But after that. I have a few pointers for you. Think you can keep up?” Steve knows the challenge is something Tony is unlikely to be able to resist. The narrowing of Tony's eyes only proves the gamble to be correct.
“Steve, I would
“Sure Cap, it's a date, I'll even put out after.” Tony says with a wink. Steve just snorts, following him over to the rest of their friends to join in throwing some food together.
So he drags himself up off the floor and gets back to work. The holograms fly back over to him, and he swipes through them. Staring at the math until it blurs, until his hands ache from trying new variables, new ways to look at this problem. Bullet wounds, scars that won't heal, limbs taken by landmines with his fucking name on them-Tony can fix this. The nanites are stable, but people they really don't like the idea of stuff living on in their body.
a bomb, he'll very likely be fine, the armor can take on anti tank missiles easily, it's the other people in the building he can't endanger. The envelope doesn't look like a bomb, but Tony has been in the 'people will try to kill you in new and exciting ways' business for long enough to know that looks mean nothing when it comes to implements of destruction.
More pining, more assumptions, a football game with uninvited guests, and Steve learning that even Captain America can't run on fumes forever.
here, we have a sinkhole to worry about if we don't take this guy down in oh, fifty seconds and change,” Tony calls, and suddenly they're all business. A loud crunching clang sounds as Carol's hands join his in grabbing onto the Ferris wheel, and with her comes the thwipping taps of webbing hitting the other side, trying to compensate for all that acceleration and momentum, and compensating somewhat for the massive force Carol is able to exert. Some of the webs snap, but slowly the wheel begins comes to a stop without breaking in half.
“Tony.”
“Iron Man gonna be joining us?” Steve asks quietly, tugging him close to walk arm in arm towards the jet parked on the compound's helipad. Tony nods, pointing over to the red and gold armor standing just beside the jet. JARVIS is definitely getting some new servers, he's been so great about this whole running interference thing.
“Well I don't know Mister Stark, going straight to marriage seems kinda fast. Guy like you deserves to be courted.” That was
“Probably?”  She sounded a little surprised, but not as much as he would have expected.  Maybe giving alphas courting gifts wasn’t that strange anymore.
He took two cold showers that night and still ended up with his hands down his pants and his face buried in Tony’s blanket.  He supposed it could have been worse, it did help him finally get a few hours of sleep.  Enough to be sharp and at the ready should any Avengers alert sound.
“You’re Iron Man?”  Steve asked.  This fantastically handsome fella was also a hero.  Steve couldn’t believe his luck.  Something in his tone must have been wrong though, because Tony’s lips turned down into a frown.  Shit.  He’d really done it, he raised his hands, palms up.  “No I don’t mean to give you a hard time, I just kind of thought you’d be older, and not in such a snappy suit, other than the armor, which is really something, fella.”  Steve almost tripped over the words, but he managed to get them out all the same.  Tony smiled brilliantly, his eyes went wide, his cheeks stained a dark cherry red.  Oh hell, Steve thought, he had just woken up in this century and he already had an impossible crush.
“Uh Steve, I think we forgot my sleeping bag.”
“Went really well, whole team was great, but Iron Man was particularly impressive.”
“Time to pay the piper.” Steve muttered to himself, accepting the call.
ready.” Tony moans, hips twisting when Steve curves his fingers to rub over his prostate, and Steve moans with him, drawing his fingers out at last.
Cap look-alike and the woman in the catsuit join her almost immediately. They're rubbing at his arms, his shoulders, and it would feel pretty nice if he wasn't possibly having a heart attack right this moment.
Afterwards they returned to their suite, and Tony apologetically unpacked a laptop and a tablet, and sat down to work.  He was only partially still in his suit.  The waistcoat, tie, and jacket were hanging up somewhere in the bedroom.  The little glowing lights were back in his ears.  Steve now knew that was a phone headset.  He was speaking rapidly in a language Steve didn’t understand.  He sounded vaguely annoyed, crossing one leg over the other and picking his tablet off the coffee table.  His shoes were off, and he was down to his dress socks.  A thin gold anklet was visible now, he wondered who’d gifted that, anklets were a pretty personal gift.  Not as much as a necklace or a choker, but still familiar.  He imagined giving one to Tony himself, kneeling at Tony’s feet and doing up the little clasp.  He swallowed.
Down on the field, while there was some kind of dispute about the validity of a play, Tony pulled a big foam hat out of his box.  It was shaped in a circle, and looked a lot like the Statue of Liberty’s crown.  He grinned, and Steve helpfully inclined his head so Tony could lean up and settle it on his head.  He patted Steve’s hair, then sat back to admire his handiwork.  “There he is, the sentinel of liberty”
“Now may I call the authorities?” JARVIS asks on a long suffering sigh.
Tony adds a few emojis to the end of the message just for effect. Steve loves emojis, even if he tells Clint he doesn't know how to text.  Technically he has both coffee and food down in the lab, but maybe he really just wants to see Steve-if he's being honest with himself.
"The truth please.” Rhodey deserves that at least, Tony has lied to him enough over the years.  Tony drops his eyes, winding his fingers together and unwinding them nervously. It's an anxious tell he's never quite gotten rid of, a reason almost everything he wears has pockets. Rhodey knows but he kindly let's Tony work through his crisis without further input. He thinks of Steve, holding him close in front of the fireplace, of gentle touches, the precise shades of blue that make up Steve's eyes, the gold flecks in his sandy hair. He thinks of how others would have jumped on his many offers for sex without a second thought, but Steve seems to want something more from him. He thinks of Steve's words in the limo, of his loneliness and isolation, and how despite that all somehow it's
“Ugh, tell him to get stuffed.  New England, what does he take you for?”  It was an unspoken law-Steve was pretty sure it was actual New York state law-thou shalt not root for nor shall you attend in solidarity, a New England sporting event of any kind.
“That's a lot better actually, thank you Shellhead, you're a real lifesaver.” Iron Man slumps, resting his head on Steve's shoulder in response. Steve wants so badly to hug him. Even though the armor is hard and unyielding, he's a warm presence at Steve's side; solid and grounding, and undeniably there with him in the here and now. Distantly he can hear the other Avengers over the comm line but that seems far away.
want to think about why Tony would have made something capable of hiding broken bones beneath his clothing. It's impressive, but it also makes Steve want to wrap him in that funny plastic bubble wrap they use for shipping glassware now.
“Wear the Tom Ford suit, the black one you had on that day with the breakfast and you panicking. Rogers will swallow his tongue, that's all I'm saying, no. We are not talking about this anymore, just do it and thank me later.” There's silence in the workshop for a good while after that. In the distance Dummy drops something, but Tony for once does not react.
. He thought, looking up at the picture of Sarah.
“We're Avengers Tony, walking into danger is what we do.” Steve can see his reasoning falling on deaf ears already.
“He has been speaking of giving you heelies, but I believe that was not a serious consideration. Ah, perhaps you may ask him yourself, he requires your assistance in the tower living room.” JARVIS says, pulling his attention away from a box of paints sitting on his dresser that definitely were not there before.
” He whispers the last of it, reverent as a prayer as he takes Tony's face between his hands. Steve knows it must all be there, love written across his face like a great big glowing neon sign. He's always been shit at hiding things from Tony even before they got together. Tony doesn't say anything though, he seems to almost be holding his breath, eyes wide and shocked; that tension releases with a soft sigh when Steve slips one arm down to wrap around his waist. “My sweetheart.” He murmurs, drawing Tony close and dropping a gentle kiss over his jaw, then his lips.
“You are shivering Captain.”  Steve's eyes snap open at JARVIS' soft words.  “Would you like me to raise the temperature?”
“Don’t worry about the plot, Cap, just enjoy the giant robots hitting each other.”  Clint said.  He looked about as content as a cat laying in a sunbeam.  Steve settled in to watch the movie.  At some point Tony’s hand slipped back into his hair and he shivered hard enough to jostle Tony’s leg.  Thankfully he didn’t comment on it.
“I’d like that, yeah, I’d like that a lot.”  He finally said.  It came out rough, his voice deeper than usual.  Tony’s mouth moved, he didn’t say anything for a moment.  His eyes looked dark and a little starry.
“You are not eating that, don't be gross.” Jan says disgustedly.  Clint pouts but doesn't press the matter, letting Jan toss the offending sausage in the trash. Peripherally Steve is aware of Tony moving around behind them, the sound of him pouring another cup of coffee and the squeak of a chair being pulled out.
” Tony sputters, and Steve points at the sign with the names of the prizes scrawled in haphazard handwriting.
Giant Man was holding a slim panel of glass, holding it up to the scene around them, it looked like he had the police chief on the line. “We’ve tried everything, from acetone to industrial grade solvents, I’m sure we can figure something out, but the Brooklyn Bridge can’t be out of commission for weeks or months.”  He said, and Jan buzzed up next to him, growing back to her normal size.
“That is for you, Steve, if you are in fact who I have been looking for.”  Dr. Erskine watched his face as if expecting some kind of eruption.  When Steve just nodded in question, he continued.  “You will train with others who have shown promise, you will be sent to Camp Lehigh to improve your understanding of combat and teamwork.”
“Natasha, Hulk, Jan, my occasional child Underoos, Thor, and-” Tony stops to look at his hand as if he has something written on it. “Clont.”
“I'll come with you,” Steve says immediately, clambering from the bed on wobbly legs. Tony is there at his side before he can even truly register it, guiding him into the bathroom and laying a towel across the long bench in the corner. He's vaguely aware of being laid down on the bench, of Tony moving around the bathroom, turning on the taps to the giant sunken tub he can see through a door he mistakenly thought belonged to a closet when he was in this room last. Tony is back before he can truly miss him, cuddling close and taking a warm damp cloth and passing over his chest, cleaning him with slow, even strokes.
“You're going to be incredible.” Steve says as if he heard nothing of the last sentence. Tony just blinks when Steve leans in close to pin an anemone flower and a pale pink rose to the lapel of his tux.
“Oh Steve, you have
Some warnings for someone saying some nasty things about Tony's sexual history here, so look out for that if you're sensitive to that kind of assholery.
That doesn't stop him from thinking about it later when he's laying in his bed alone. The thought of Tony making those sounds while laying beneath him, or above him leaves him a sweaty, panting, frustrated mess atop his sheets with a hand guiltily down his pants.  Steve blows out a heaving breath as his body unhelpfully refuses to relax.  Well, he didn't have anything to do tonight anyway, he supposes.
Even when Tony is justly patting himself on the back he couches it in language that says
by my side, as you appear to be unclaimed at the present.”
His hair feels wet, and he realizes his eyes are closed again. The sky above him is too blue when he blinks awake slugggishly; a vast endless stretch of ocean laps at his fingers.
“Yes,”  Steve says “Green light, go-”
“Congress can move on any kind of malarkey but they can’t on this?”  Steve grumbled under his breath, but shook his head, sitting up straighter, meeting the recruiters eyes with as much conviction as he could.  “Then I’d like to join up anyway, they’ve gotta move on this sometime.”  In response the recruiter sighed, setting his file down and regarding him calmly.
“Just say it.”
Cap holds a quelling hand out.  “Plan please, what are his abilities? Would be nice to know before you draw his attention.” Steve says, and that's his Captain America voice for sure.  In the suit Tony grins, firing the repulsors to hover just above the team. The carnival looks completely untouched, save for the Ferris wheel rotating and glowing at a truly alarming speed. Tony calculates it a few times between one breath and the next, quickly coming to the conclusion that they are about to have a spinning wheel of death thrown in their direction.
“Can you take a third?” He asks, leaning back to watch Tony's face as he pulls his fingers out to trace over the rim of Tony's hole. Tony's pupils are blown wide, but he licks his lips and smiles when their eyes meet and hold.
“Why, Cap, you in the market for a billionaire?” He asks, truly curious as to where this conversation is going. Steve looks a little flushed, but he bulls on despite that.
“Just didn't want to jostle you.” Steve tugs him back down, stretching them both out on the couch lengthwise, and reaching up to slide his thumbs over Tony's cheekbones, right under his eyes.  “Tony.” Steve says again, looking up at him in the dim half light of the room. It's so similar to the infamous day of Cockblock Radio that Tony half expects their communicators to start going off.
“Skittish. Like a stray cat that's not used to being pet” Bucky sounds almost sheepish about what he's said, but not enough not to say it apparently. Tony scowls over at his companions. Beside him, Rhodey seems to be trying not to laugh.
“I hope we are.” Tony says with feeling, leaning his head on Rhodey's shoulder. They're curled up together on the wide loveseat at the foot of Tony's bed.
drop the magazine once he steps inside and gets a good look at Tony.
He doesn't say that though, he's too warm, too happy to make the mood so heavy, and Tony hasn't said it yet, but actions speak loudest of all, and he doesn't think Tony would act like this if he didn't mean it.  At least he desperately hopes that is the case, even if it does seem unreal that someone like Tony Stark would love him of all people. Steve shakes that off though; Tony is here now isn't he? He said he wanted to be here.
“Come on, come on sugar, you've earned it, fill me up honeybunch, c'mon, I'll let you look,” Tony is whispering against his ear, pulling at his hair, urging him on-and he feels it when all the pleasure finally crests, becomes too much for him to contain. It's a complete white out, he knows he's crying out, that Tony is clenching around him, milking his orgasm out of him for all it's worth. He knows distantly that Tony is talking to him, praising him, that his nimble fingers are in his hair, his lush mouth pressing kisses at Steve's hairline where he's slumped; lying bonelessly against Tony's chest.
“Shaddup, let's get breakfast smart guy.”
Hermoso-Gorgeous, Beautiful
His hand never makes contact.
They end up watching Snow White. Tony falls asleep half way through to the feeling of Steve's fingers combing through his hair.
“Fuck, I'm so boned.” He groans, raking a hand over his face and flopping backwards atop his soft mattress.
“I might just have to jump you, and I had other plans for our honeymoon.” Tony says, pausing to let his lashes dip in a slow look of invitation. “I'm wearing blue.”
The crowd went wild.
“I love you.”  He says quietly into the room, to the sleeping man in his arms.  Maybe he’ll be brave enough to say it when Tony is awake sometime soon.  For now this is bravery enough, even though he thinks Tony must know.
“We got ourselves a bluenose!”  One of the betas crowed, and Steve felt his stomach sink.  “You’re all wet if you think you’re some big cheese honey, we’ll be just fine without an alpha watching our backs.”  The group laughed, weaving as one a little further down the sidewalk in a slow drunken shuffle.
“Kid tagged along with the unit, says coming with us is the only way he'll meet his soulmate. What do you want us to do Cap?” Jim probably already knows the answer to that.
“Yeah,”  He said thickly, “yeah that would be real nice.”
“God, Steve, yeah. Yeah I um. I guess we can try.” Tony blinks at the smile breaking across Steve's face. “I can't believe you brought me flowers. Me. Captain America brought me
. Tony usually doesn't do coy well unless it's a business deal he's trying to play hard to get about; it's just a fact. Steve still seems affected by it though, he pauses, tilting his head like he's really actually thinking about it.
“That is true, I was not seeking an alpha, but an alpha is what I found.”  Dr.  Erskine paused before continuing to speak, holding Steve’s gaze with his own.  “Rebirth will change you, the serum, it will amplify what is inside you already.  You are an alpha, it will take everything about that and make it more, be that for good or for ill.”  It sounded as if he spoke from experience, some deep personal knowledge of that reality.  “In a beta it is safer, the same biological imperatives are not written into them,  so no, I was not seeking an alpha, someone in my mind who would be accustomed to strength.  The serum can unlock things in an alpha, even in one who is not cruel, that is why I chose betas, it was safer, you see.”
“Life signs detec-” JARVIS gets out before all hell breaks loose.
His own suit is deep blue, a Van Dyne design Jan made herself, woven through with tiny specks of gold thread. It matches the ring Tony slips on his finger, gold titanium alloy inscribed with a promise. He'll wear it tonight, and around the tower, but keep it around a chain for battles. The serum didn't make him immune to degloving after all. Still, for tonight he wouldn't remove it for just about anything.
“Well.” Tony whispers, eyes shining now with some unspoken emotion. “The Bugle
“It does.” Tony blurts out, finally registering Steve's earlier question while his brain was busy rebooting itself.
“You love me.”
Some translations:
“Mobility is great, best I've ever had after a break, and the pain is pretty negligible.” He says, smiling warmly.  Tony murmurs something under his breath about painkillers, twining their fingers together and peering up at Steve with painful uncertainty.
“Ooh yes, you have uncovered my terrible plan; spoiling you rotten and keeping you all to myself.”  The sound of Tony's bright laughter rings through the room. It's such a good sound, one he wished happened more often.  Tony kisses his neck, toying with the tiny white buttons of Steve's pajama shirt. Just the clever brush of his fingers there, popping a few open and then slipping in against his skin makes him shiver.  “Mmm, what do you think? Would you like to stay in bed all day, because I have something you might be quite interested in trying.” Tony's hand is so warm against his chest, sending thrilling trails of sensation down his spine-that it takes him a moment to register what has been said.
you Tony. The apple can't fall far from the tree, and Obie was a damn good tree. Always had a few presents for me if you catch my drift.” Objectively Tony knows Stane could not have been working alone. After the truth came out, Tony had taken great pains to clean out his company, but then he had been dying-poisoned by the very thing keeping him alive-and making sure his employees and his friends were taken care of took precedence. He thinks of Hammer, clinging to the coattails of those smarter, more powerful and richer than himself. A remora feeding on the cast offs of more dangerous sharks-but hanger on or not, the remora still gets places.  “You might be pretending, but we're the same kind of guy, right at the heart of things.” And he's looking at Tony's chest, hand outstretched to touch. There's a moment where all the air seems to leave him, something rising up in Tony like the wave of a destroying cataclysm. He knows in that moment that if Hammer touches him the idiot may not live to regret the act. Tony may play at being a strutting socialite, but he
“Captain, Man of Iron, we have found Asgardian summon runes on the tracks, I would advise caution, there is something of great power here.” Thor's voice is loud over the comms, echoing around the clearing hollowly. He sees Iron Man reach for the shield out of the corner of his eye as something moves in the cave at the same time.
“Yeah. Steve, I worry you know. I know he's got stuff under control but I wish he'd let us help sometimes too. He's been so busy we haven't even gotten to do our weekend nail painting.” Jan sounds put out.  Tony feels more than a little guilty about that. Weekend nail-painting goes
“I'll get it. Stark you look terrible.” Clint cuts in, pushing back from the table and going over to bang around in the in-room bar. Tony winces, but doesn't complain. He does pat the armored hand on his shoulder though, before letting his hands drop back to the table, where he immediately begins to fidget.
“Well you know-” Tony starts conversationally, “if we were uh-courting-then I think I would get a goodbye kiss for the road too.” He finishes with a cheeky little grin. Well. Steve's never been one to back down from a challenge.
“C'mon, bed.”
“Here, know you can't eat stuff in that fancy tin can of yours, but I never could say no to a milkshake.” Steve says, passing over an honest to god malted milkshake. Where the hell he found it in the middle of a carnival, Tony has no idea, but hey, now he has a milkshake. Everyone is a winner.
Not far from where he crouched there was another building, the doors to it had long fallen off, but it was positioned near a fairly unstable looking chunk of outer wall. Steve eyeballed it, and edged around to grab a flashbang from inside the weapon cart, hurling it into the open doorway, and then crouching down once more. As expected, Zemo raised his gun in alarm, barking out orders to his assembled henchmen to investigate the smoking doorway. Of course, he’d never go himself, and Steve had been counting on it. With the last of the men in the building, Steve let his shield fly with all his strength, hurling it at the crumbling stone wall near the entrance, it collapsed with a resounding thud, spilling bricks and dusty mortar over the doorway, trapping Zemo’s men inside, and leaving he and the baron alone.
Steve saw the bruises, and now he has to come up with an excuse.
As if on cue Tony himself comes in looking sleepy in an oversized red MIT sweatshirt and a pair well fitted dress trousers. A pair of burgundy velvet slippers completes the look, soles shuffling across the floor as Tony wanders into his space to groan and lean his head on Steve's chest.
“Hey Shellhead.”
“You want me to put a plate together? There's a lot over on the counter.” Steve offers, concerned Tony is going to be sitting up at S.I. hungry.  Tony just shakes his head, digging into his stolen goods with a few big bites.
“Need to get back to the quinjet, have a spare in there. If I don't it's lights out and I'll be...trapped in here. Can still get out but I'd rather not.” Iron Man sounds shaky, something in the cadence of his voice setting off alarm bells.  He can't let him leave alone.  Steve taps him as he assumes his flight pose.
“Tony, what do you take me for? Of course I have.” Natasha smiles, sitting forward in her seat to produce a thin slip of paper. It's a receipt from a high end store with a long obnoxiously flourishing signature scrawled across the purchase record.
“What the,” He starts, coming to a halt when Justin Hammer comes strolling down the path like a walking talking infestation of crabs.
“Hey Lorenzo, got room for one more?”  Steve asked, holding his hand out so he and Lorenzo could clasp each other’s forearms in greeting.  Lorenzo just grinned, motioning for Steve to follow him around for a tour of the place.
Steve didn’t say anything, stepping up onto the jet boots and leaning against the armor.  The flight back was quiet, but his mind was racing.  His body felt both strung tight and as if he were weighed down by the ice the Avengers found him in.  He felt nauseated, sick to his soul.  God he was tired.  He wanted to rest, he wanted to
not just a crush.  I would like to note though, I would very much like to have sex with him too.” The words come out almost too fast, but judging by the way Rhodey starts coughing he definitely heard what Tony said. It takes him a moment to recover, but when he does he fixes Tony with a look that's so knowing it's almost painful.
It couldn’t be, but it was.  Steve’s head was spinning as they disembarked from the submarine.  There were cars waiting for the Avengers, cars with no drivers, whisper quiet and humming with power.  The city was huge, sprawling around them in every direction.  The city he grew up in, it was a large city, but this, this was so much more.  The Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, where once they had been the tallest around, they were dwarfed by other, taller buildings, each reaching towards the sky in spires of steel and glass.  There were cars everywhere, or at least he thought they were cars.  They had four wheels and steering wheels, but that was about the only way they bore any resemblance to anything he’d ever seen.  He could hear honking, people yelling, sirens.  Well, at least that hadn’t changed.
How can Tony let his bodyguard go off when something is clearly going on in his life? While Tony is busy making things for the team, taking care of them, opening his very home to them. Steve wonders who is taking care of Tony in return. What he
this was selfish and wrong, but he couldn’t stop.  Couldn’t stop thinking of Tony kissing him, the way it would feel, the rub of his beard over his shoulders if Tony turned him over, if he were to hold Steve down on the bed and really fuck him.  Steve swore creatively, his cock was so hard in his hand, leaking already.
“Excuse me, Captain Rogers, may I come in?”  Whoever it was they were a Brit.  Steve lurched up to sit, schooling his features into something he hoped looked neutral.
his eyes dilate.  He never managed to court anyone, never had someone he could call his, and he could belong to in turn.  Sure he’d slept with people in the past, and it was fun, it had been good, but that wasn’t what he wanted with Tony.  He wanted to see Tony in his gifts.  He could see it so vividly in his mind's eye.  Tony, sitting the way the betas and omegas sometimes sat in the pin-up art, kneeling on the bed all covered in Steve’s gifts, that megawatt smile of his lighting up his face.  God.
“Dangers of the job. I couldn't just stand by like a lump while it hurt you, and it
“What, no, I wasn't-” Steve sputters, halting abruptly when Tony gives another little snicker. “You, you shaddup.” Steve grouses, clearly put out.
He started with Devil’s Island, off the coast of Suriname. He remembered an entire penal colony once took up the island, it was a long shot, and Steve was not surprised to see it still looked abandoned on the images. He kept looking, his focus narrowing in until he lost track of time entirely. Lacking a physical enemy to fight, his senses honed to his task, until the grumbling of his stomach finally tore his attention away from the screens. Looking at the time informed him no less than six hours had elapsed. Steve stood, stretched, and worked his way through three bags of snacks, and then sat down to keep searching. He would eat a real meal later, but he was too keyed in, too focused to leave the room until he had some kind of lead.
“What if he has that thing with him Tony?” He says softly, rubbing his thumbs over the delicate latticework of veins along Tony's wrists. “Have you thought of that? Even in the armor, it nearly got to Iron Man, cut through the metal like a can opener.”
It's kind of great. Tony takes one look at Steve, sweaty and probably grubby from his workout session and smiles like Steve's decked out in a ritzy tux rather than in need of a shower.
“I don't want a froyo machine Tony, I just wanna take you out. Fella like you deserves to go out somewhere don't you think?” Steve is just so
“Sure, why not, I like to live on the edge.” It's sweet, so incredibly sweet, but it's pretty good too, and Tony finds himself licking the spoon. Although that may be in large part thanks to the way Steve's eyes have dropped to his mouth. Tony
When they make it back to New York there's a pitiful crew of villains assembled to meet them. Steve picks up his shield and jumps into the fray as if he never left. The Avenger's work well together, but it's obvious there are still some wrinkles that need some ironing out.
“Yeah,” Steve said, swallowing the sudden lump in his throat, “headed back home now, safe and snug as a bug in a rug.” It was such a simple statement, going home, but it meant so much. Ever since coming out of the ice he’d felt adrift, like some castaway on a sinking raft. The flight back to the mansion felt like sighting land at last. The team was there, waiting for him to come back, Tony was there, and worrying about him from the sounds of it. There was something to come back to, a real home, and a purpose to boot. Even the encroaching drop didn’t feel as ominous as he sat back and engaged the autopilot for New York. “See you soon, Iron Man.” He said, and settled in for the rest of the flight.
“Oh, so that's what this is all about huh, spoiling me rotten?”  Steve asks, feeling carefree and overly pleased suddenly with the way Tony turns into him and smiles wide.  His arms go around Steve's shoulders, and he stays there while all the food is summarily made short work of.
Iron Man walked over, peering into the tablet with his inscrutable glowing gaze.  “I think we can manage a shorter sentence, don’t you?”  In response the chief sighed again, but it wasn’t long before Pete provided deliverance from their sticky situation.  Pun very much intended.  Between Iron Man and Thor flying around to spread the solvent across the entirety of the affected parts of the bridge, the street was soon cleared, to the cheers of the gathered crowds and the waiting news crews.
“Good morning Tony.” Steve responds warmly when they separate. Tony looks up at him wordlessly for a few moments, but the stroking fingers in his hair shift into a firm tug. Steve lets himself be pulled down into heated needy kisses that do more to wake him up than a triple shot of espresso. Beneath him, Tony parts his long legs to let Steve's hips settle between them, both of them gasping into the kiss with the hot press of their bodies together. Steve groans, slipping one of his hands over Tony's thigh, then down and back further to cup one round cheek in his palm; curving his fingers to rub over smooth silky skin in a silent question. Tony's hands unwind from his hair, dropping down to dig the half moon marks of his nails into Steve's shoulders when Steve's touch becomes more insistent, two fingers pressing and tracing over the rim of his hole.
“Excellent choices.”  Jarvis said, picking up the list after Steve finished writing.
“Yeah okay maybe so, c'mon, hurry up before the Hulk busts through my blast doors like the kool-aid man.” Tony says, smiling back at Steve. He's flushed, gorgeous and debauched, and Steve has no idea what that reference is, but he gets the gist.
“Oh.” Rhodey breathes, a wide smile creasing his beloved and familiar face, making it new. “It feels like flying.”
“Of course,” Tony sounds so soft, almost awed. He slips up closer, kisses a path over Steve's hips, up to his mouth. “I like everything about you. My good boy, my sweet Steve.”
“That's impressive, his eyes aren't even open.” Clint says, sounding awestruck watching as Tony opens the fridge, pours a small quantity of milk into his mug, then tips his head back to seemingly pour the entire cup down his throat in one long gulp. “You seeing this Cap?” Clint asks, gesturing at Tony and waggling his eyebrows. Steve hits him square between the eyes with one of the little breakfast sausages Carol likes so much.
JARVIS' reply is lost on him, but he gathers enough wit together to rasp out “Get him out, get him, he is not supposed to be here, not on the guest list.” His voice sounds wrecked to his own ears.  It's pathetic,
means to him.
“Oh but I am crude baby, crude and lewd, but you love me anyway.” Tony snickers, kissing all over his face and poking his red cheeks with quick clever fingers.
“I love you Tony.” He whispers against damp curling hair.
visual imagination.
Tony thinks fondly.  “I believe he is particularly suited to the task sir. He has spent extensive time in the public eye, and he has displayed a particular disdain for your detractors. Both of which make him an excellent candidate as a long term partner.”
“Yeah well me too sweetheart.”  Steve says before he realizes Tony was going along with the song.  For a moment he nearly freezes, but Tony doesn’t say anything. He just asks for another kiss, then another as they make a slow swaying circuit around the carpet.  On the third song Steve takes the lead, and while he’s not quite as confident as Tony is, he manages not to step on his slippered feet, and Tony’s soft half smile is worth it.
Tony is relieved that he bit the bullet and texted Steve, because now they seem to have this nice, comfortable thing going on. They text back and forth and Steve calls him sometimes just to chat and to see how he’s doing. It’s sweet. Tony sends Steve random pictures of stuff wherever he happens to be, and Steve will often send something sarcastic and witty back that makes Tony snort with laughter. He loves it.  Behind the constant back and forth, there is definitely an underlying current of sexual tension and Tony loves that even more. Being a flirt is what he does, be it in person, or by text, doesn’t matter. And Tony is laying it on nice and thick because he wants to make sure he can cut the atmosphere with a knife when they finally get to dinner. Steve had called him a brat and that is exactly what he is, so he’s working that to his advantage.  It’s also the sub in him that just loves to wind up a Dominant to the point of snapping and punishing him. He’s been trying to think about which methods would prefer in that department and the possibilities that his brain supplies him with are endless and get him hard within seconds.
“Tasha…” Steve warns,  but she just raises an eyebrow at him.  “Just drop it, OK?”
He freezes when he feels movement to his right and turns his head slowly before he lets out a breath when he sees Rhodey.
Steve was eventually convinced by Sam to go home and get some decent sleep and food as well as clean himself up. He’d lasted three hours before he was back at the hospital. He couldn’t understand why he was so drawn to the young sub lying motionless in a hospital bed, but he knew wanted to be there, and close. It made no sense as they barely knew each other, having only seen each other three brief times, but he felt the pull like a deep-rooted longing right to his very core.
“I remember being picked up and carried, who was it?”
After a few moments, J.A.R.V.I.S. brings up some different colour combinations, all of which he screws his nose up at, especially the all gold version.
“Hey buddy,” Tony winces as he walks gingerly into the workshop.  His ass goes from itchy to stinging a hundred times a day and he’s so fucking done with it. Still, the nurse who comes to clean the dressing twice a day says it’s healing well and that it won’t be long before she won’t need to visit. He makes sure to pay her triple because he may be Tony Stark, but who the fuck wants to clean his asshole twice a day? He tried to pay her rent for a year too, but she refused. Eh, he tried.
“Whoever taught you sarcasm should be fired,” Tony narrows his eyes and jabs a finger at Steve again.
“Hey, Rhodes!” Sam is back from helping out Security and the two men embrace each other for a moment.  “Good to see you buddy!”
Steve can’t help barking out a laugh because how can he not?
, it’s like the Alpha is looking right through him and into his goddamn soul.  Tony has never met an Alpha Dom before and
“How long have I been out?”
Steve does one of those weird snort giggles that makes him very glad that he’s alone, and he can’t help the grin that spreads across his face when he sees that it’s Tony.  Then a wave of guilt hits him because this is the first contact he’s had with Tony since the hospital, and it’s the sub that reached out for contact, not himself. Shame is not something that he feels much these days, but he’s feeling it now, his cheeks burning a little as he feels himself blushing. He hasn’t done that in years.
“Then you’re definitely not getting the whole truth,” Tony waggles his finger at Rhodey, narrowing his eyes.  “And I can assure you that i’m
“Tony, what’s wrong?” Steve can literally hear Tony grinding his teeth through the phone.
, like they're the most precious thing in this world.”
“Jarvis, surprise me with some renders.”
Yes, i know, it's been about 2 months since i posted to this fic. I just felt HELLA burnt out after NaNo, then writers block set and, and then shit happened in rl and i had to put the boys on the back burner for a while. I would say i'm sorry, but i ain't apologising for shit i have no control over so... whatevs.
“Good question. Probably because we’re both unbonded, both hot, and both known the world over,” Steve states very matter-of-factly and Tony nearly chokes on his own tongue.  "People are nosy like that."
So he’s stayed away, and he feels like the worst fucking coward for not going to see Tony. He desperately wants to, but he’s actually scared about his feelings towards the gorgeous young sub. The draw he feels towards him, the longing that seems to have settled over him. Steve hasn’t felt this pull of want since...since Bucky. It fucking terrifies him.
And Tony is bored, which is always a dangerous thing because hello? Genius. And when geniuses get bored (see: when Tony gets bored), bad things happen. Well, bad is all a matter of perspective really. Tony would argue that what people consider bad are all in a day’s entertainment for a bored 20-year old genius. Shenanigans is what Jarvis would say:  “You’ve got your shenanigans face on.” That always spelt trouble whenever Tony got That Look. Last time it had involved Tony shamelessly flirting with a very high up army Dom, and then slipping away with one of the waiters whilst said Dom had gone to relieve himself. He returned to find no Tony and his Bentley plus chauffeur gone. Howard had been so furious that he’d beaten Tony so badly he couldn’t leave the house for a week. Usually Howard kept the bruising to body parts that could be hidden. That time it had been his face.
“Ok,” Tony exhales slowly.  “What’s the damage then sweetcheeks?”
Leader of the Avengers, symbol of freedom and purity and justice blah, blah, yada, yada.  And also the most Alpha Dom to ever have existed. In fact, Tony is pretty sure that the term Alpha Dom has been coined just for Captain Rogers.  It was like they felt they needed to make him ...more, like Dom just wasn’t enough. But then, Captain Rogers has always been
“Seriously Tones, you fuckin’ stink,” Rhodey kisses the top of Tony’s head and then hops up to sit on the edge of the bench that Tony is sat at.
anytime
Tony shakes his head.  “No it...I.” He squints down at their hands but doesn't pull away. “I have shitty circulation. Bum ticker, sometimes I just get cold.” Steve nods, sitting right up against Tony on the long limo bench and seemingly deciding to be his own personal hand warmer.
“Hey smart guy.” He calls up to their apparent holiday elf.  Tony jumps, head whipping around to stare down at Steve.
“It was great, fantastic even. My nanites as applicable to the regeneration of soft tissues seem to have been a big hit with the Musculoskeletal Disorder crowd, but that's not important. What's important is that I got to eat Kobe beef and I saw the face of god.” Tony says dreamily. Steve knows he's downplaying his compassion, Steve has seen enough glimpses of his soft heart by now not to take the bait.
“Yes,” He forces out, pushing his hips back against the toy, “almost, almost there,”
The next night Iron man comes down to spar with him. It's exhilarating to be able to toss someone around and not really worry about hurting them. Within an hour they've attracted other Avengers who each take turns tumbling around the room with him. It's hours before they all leave, but Steve finally sleeps. JARVIS'
“I do, god, I do, so much sweetheart.” Steve grits out, and Tony shuts his eyes, slapping the holograms away and bracing both hands on the desk to roll their hips together. Even through the thick fabric of his pants it feels incredible. Having Tony writhing against him always does.
“Is that Froyo?” Iron man points. Thor grins benevolently, raising a spoon from the giant tub of dessert and taking a truly impressive bite.
Tony dreams of the ocean first.  Not a white sand beach or the clear blue waters of the Mediterranean his mother loves so much, but a dark and choking thing.  Swirling dark, an impenetrable wall of water so cold it burns.  Tony dreams of drowning first.  Tony dreams of regret, and fear, and a resolve so strong he still wakes shaking with that certainty.
“Does she help you?” He whispers, leaning his head back against the wall and closing his eyes.
“Jay is JARVIS, he's an AI-an artificial intelligence, but he's more alive than any of the corporate brass I've been forced to make nice with over the years. Jay is a work of art. He's on your phone too if you need him, or well, he can be if you call to him. Not important. Skynet, big brother he is not, he's my sweet baby my smartest child-”
“Hi, Steve,” he said, a broad smile making his face even more handsome, “you were asleep twenty hours, how are you feeling?” Twenty hours? That was an astonishingly long time for anyone to sleep, much less with the serum in his veins. Steve hoped he hadn’t missed any Avengers alerts. Thor was the chairman that month, hopefully he wouldn’t get suspended.
“I love you, I love your tech, I love the way you mutter to yourself and you don't seem to notice you're doing it. I love when you fall asleep on me, I love the way your mind works even if I don't have a snowball's chance in hell of understanding how it works, how
“Everything alright?”  Steve asked.  Tony, shot him a little half smile and sat on the bed, leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees.  Steve wondered if it would be wholly improper to ask him to roll around on the blanket so it would smell like him again.  He knew it was an unacceptable thought, but his hindbrain sure thought it sounded brilliant.
“No, oh, darling, you're wonderful, so good, so good honey. I've wanted this so much.” Tony sighs out, taking a deep breath in through his nose, blowing it out, and then sinking down further. The muscles in his thighs-his beautiful thighs, Steve wants to kiss them-bunch and shift as he lowers himself. Steve's head falls back against the pillows, just barely holding back from canting his hips upwards helplessly. He can't push up into Tony like that, no matter how good he feels. Tony is setting the pace here, making sure Steve can't hurt him, that Steve can't bungle this up irreparably with his strength and his inexperience and his
Steve clears his throat. “Need some help getting to your caffeinating station?”
It's not going to happen. Tony Stark doesn't get to have a fairy-tale romance, and what's more he doesn't deserve one, not with the life he's lived, and the secrets he's keeping.
“Okay yes, you're definitely my favorite. You're a beautiful generous man point break, and I love you best, sorry Steve, no offense.” Tony says winningly, eyes big and pleading, and irresistible.
“Perfect,” Tony purrs, his thumb swiping a circle around the already leaking head “still good though, darling? Color please.” Tony murmurs, reaching up with one hand to stroke some of Steve's sweaty hair back from his forehead. It's an achingly tender gesture, and the affection in it, the clear love in Tony's eyes makes Steve's eyes prickle.
“It smells really nice in here.” Steve observes as if Tony is not having an existential revelation right in front of him.
“Of course, I am compatible with all rooms in the mansion, but do not install myself into private quarters unless asked.”
Steve doesn't see Tony again until just past two in the morning. He's on his way back from the gym-freshly showered and just tired enough to finally get into bed and sleep. Thirst calls him to the kitchen to refill his metal water bottle. He gets about three steps in before noticing he's not alone.
“Aw Cap, way to ruin my fun.” Hawkeye grumps, but Tony barely registers it over the shriek of alarm bells on the HUD.
“I was thinking about what Natasha said. That's what the meeting is about tomorrow, but I uh..didn't want to spring this on you.” Steve says sheepishly. There's a flush working across his cheeks, but he still squares his shoulders, meeting Tony's wide eyes with his own.
“Go for it Winghead, I'm sure he would be perfectly willing to be your friend.” Tony sighs in resignation, time to go down to the lab and clean up anything potentially incriminating. Steve bites his lip but doesn't say anything more for a moment.
“You like them?” Tony asks, bending over really quite unnecessarily to peel his shoes and socks off; coming to stand in front of Steve on the soft but firm sparring mats.
“He has a heart condition, I don't know the full story, but he can't. Anything else is not really my place to say.” Wasp has gone from looking glum to downright distraught. Now Steve really
By the end of the party everyone is more than a little tipsy, including Steve. That Asgardian stuff packs a punch, and Steve finds himself leading their party over to the room full of beanbags. Rhodes is surprisingly the first to jump into the beanbag pit, followed by Pepper. After that, everyone piles in; Steve picking Tony up and rolling the pair of them onto a particularly soft looking red cushion. It's made out of some sort of microfiber material, softer than rabbit fur, and warming to their body heat rapidly. Tony stares up at him, blinking slowly as Steve touches over his face.
“A test, what?”  Steve said, bewildered beyond belief.  On the ground, Waters groaned and slowly sat up with Erskine’s assistance.
to say the least.  Steve licked his lips, if he concentrated, he could almost taste it.  He wondered how Tony would react if Steve were to pull his collar down, press his nose against his throat, see what an alpha like Tony Stark
Vaguely he becomes aware of someone crouched near by, only the smell of old fashioned cologne keeps him from flinching back violently. Steve is here, speaking in low soothing tones at just enough distance away that Tony doesn't feel the pressing urge to do something inadvisable.
The house in question turns out to be in a town so small it's just a main street with a few little stores here and there. Not even an omnipresent Wal-Mart lurks in the shadows. There's still mom and pop shops here. Tony is charmed. An honest to god white picket fence rings the property. The back of the land goes up to the lakeside. Over grown gardens sprawl all over; vines and weedy flowers spill out of flower beds. When Tony walks through the greenery, a fat fuzzy bumble bee zips past them. Tony watches it hop from flower to flower in a zig zagging path. The house itself is small but picturesque, painted in pale blue, white, and sea-foam green. It's quiet out here. Birds chirp away, somewhere a cat is meowing long and loudly.
“Yeah, still going to need a little help, but I got things rolling.” The smirk on his face disappears as Steve reaches further down and in to rub his fingers over Tony's hole. He's wet with lube there, the muscle soft and relaxed enough for Steve to easily work the tip of one finger inside.
“You okay boss?” Happy asks, looking him over intensely upon seeing Steve help him out of the limo.
“Mm,”  She said to the affirmative, and bumped her shoulder against Steve’s, “that all?”
“Give up yet?” He asks, after the fourth time Tony hits the mats. Fierce brown eyes stare up at him, and Tony shakes his head.
“Okay, Cap, what's eating you? Did you just find out about the Dodgers?” Tony asks, the urge to make a run for it surfacing when Steve's eyes narrow.
“So much suspense Steven, now you've made me curious.” This doesn't seem like a precursor to an 'it's not you, it's me' speech, so Tony keeps his cool, curiosity winning over panic for the time being. Steve ducks his head, turning so they're half facing each-other. Their knees touch, Steve leaning in to press a fleeting kiss against Tony's lips. A soft sigh escapes him when Steve pulls back.
________________________________________________________________
my sweetheart now so, whatever it is I trust your judgement.”  He says, peering over at the bowls curiously. That seems to give Tony pause.  Two bright spots of color splash across his cheeks, his hands tremble slightly, and he closes his eyes for a moment, inhaling a deep breath before blowing it out.
Steve felt his heart kick up, the world sharpened, colors saturated, and everything seemed to slow as he watched the private take aim.  This was it.  He thought, as he broke parade rest.  He heard General Phillips yell something, but he paid it no mind.  He wasn’t going to make it to the frontlines, he was going to die in basic, he thought almost half hysterically.  It didn’t matter, he had to protect his fellow cadet, even if Waters was an asshole, he didn’t deserve to get shot like a sitting duck.
Tony just smiles, a flash of white teeth against his bottom lip.  “Promises promises.”
“You alright there Shellhead?” Cap asks, staring up at Tony as he comes in for a landing close by. The blue cowl really does nice things for his eyes. Tony thinks, watching as the hood is pushed back, and Steve's still somehow perfectly coiffed hair makes it's first battlefield debut of the day.
Steve loves her instantly, she's a kindred spirit. She has fought and persevered for everything and has come out victorious against all odds. Steve is starstruck but he's always been shit at talking to people he's sweet on. He's just a kid from Brooklyn after all, and Peggy, well she's the real deal. Still, her pulse does pick up a little when Steve enters a room, although that might be from aggravation. Steve still smiles to hear it though.
“Sorry,” Steve says, glum and contrite all at once.  Tony just laughs, stepping back and swatting him on the rear playfully, directing him towards a colander full of imposingly green leafy things, and a few halved pears.
as if the word of a man out of his time could really mean the world to someone responsible for some of the greatest technological advances of the last century. Steve
“You do, but it's okay if you can't tell me anything.” In the video the two little girls offer Tony colorful bags with pencils and little knickknacks. Tony takes them with a joyous laugh as if he's not a multi-billionaire, as if he doesn't routinely carry around pens that cost as much as some cars.
“What? Tony!” He expects Steve to step back after that exclamation. To put space between them, but he just swallows. Tony tracks the bob of his adam's apple, licking his lips, and then snapping his gaze up to meet Steve's wide eyed stare.
“Still want that espresso?” Steve asks when he sets Tony down again.
“You know what else is easy, and you could definitely take?” Tony says, gaze dropping with a flutter of long dark lashes. Steve feels his mouth go dry when Tony shifts against him, hips pressing back. “Me. I'm so easy cap.” Tony's eyebrows are waggling and Steve feels like his whole life has been one long descent into losing control of this situation.
” Tony admits somewhat grudgingly. Steve can't help the wide smile that stretches across his face-even if Tony scowls in anticipation of his next words.
“Pretty, you think I’m-”  Steve chokes out, unable to finish the sentence.
“Good morning, that's a pacemaker in your chest, and my name is Pepper.” She says, seemingly anticipating his next question. He wonders how many times they've gone through this song and dance. None of them seem surprised. Tony knows he should be terrified, his memories have more holes in them than Swiss cheese, an incredible super-battery is lodged in his chest cavity, and a guy with a shiny metal arm is apparently so common place that no one is staring at it. He's not afraid though, just confused and a little sore-as if he's been running a marathon. Or maybe having seizures. That seems more likely. He vaguely remembers laying on the floor and doing a whole lot of flopping. Fun times.
Sure, that would go over about as well as the kidnapping of the Lindbergh baby.  Steve groaned, knocking his head back into the pillows.
“Don't talk with your mouth full.” Tony whispers against his lips, yelping when he gets a little bite in retaliation.
.  So many promises he’d made and not kept.  So he had become an empty seat at the De Rossi’s table after all.  Oh how Nonna would have scolded him.  At least they had won the war, that was one less regret, he didn’t know what he would have done if that had not been the case, if he had failed everyone that badly.
''Shall I call Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes for you then?” JARVIS asks thoughtfully.  Tony shakes his head emphatically. Rhodey will just tell him to tell everyone his secret identity and then suggest hitting on Steve because he's a madman and not to be trusted. He doesn't understand why Pepper thinks Rhodey is the responsible one.
He remembers Rhodes' words in the kitchen. Someone, or several someones hurt Tony in the past-likely enough that he has chosen to keep the truth from even his teammates. Steve mentally checks his own form across from the heavy bag and starts working it.  His fists connect with a satisfying thud, but it's not enough to fully distract him.  He can't shake that thought, that there are people around who would see Tony being Iron Man as a bad thing.  Steve can't imagine anything better, and it makes him angry too, if he's being completely honest.  Tony should be proud, Iron Man is incredible, and the armor isn't too shabby either.
Iris-Your Friendship Means so Much to Me, Faith, Hope
At times like these when he's stuck, his mind drifts back to Stane. Always so encouraging when Tony hit a snag. Always ready to do anything Tony needed to get him through that push of innovation. He wonders how much of was fake, how much was just the figurative dollar signs he could see all over Tony. Itemized like a prize racehorse, and just as ready to put him down when he was no longer useful. Tony wonders sometimes if Obie had ever meant anything he said. He wonders if any of his indulgent smiles and warm hugs were ever sincere. Betrayal is something Tony always expects, but with Obie he didn't see it coming until the man ripped his heart out in every sense of the word.
“Mmm, see, this is why I call you sugar, you just taste so sweet.”  Tony says without even a hint of shame. Steve feels himself go bright pink.  He can feel his entire face and chest heat. “Ah, that is truly, truly fantastic, I love it when you go pink all the way down to your nipples darling.”
“What if I were hiding something from you then, what if something is wrong with me, what if I'm not who you think I am-”
“I sure hope so, only I don’t really know how to start, never done this before.  I’ve read about it but,”  He shrugged helplessly.  Julia nodded, he could hear chains clinking, the sound of things rolling around in cases.
“I could sleep.” He concedes grudgingly, but it's worth it to see the pleased look on Steve's face.
“I might be skinny, but your elbows could make a man comatose, what were they feeding you off in Beantown anyway, stork eggs?”  He earned himself an elbow in the side for his lip, and laughed, elbowing her back.
“Mmmguh-” Is all he can get out when Steve takes his silence as carte blanche to knead at his neck and shoulders. He groans, dropping his head back down and trying to convince himself he has things to do today. Lots of things, important super secret Iron Man things. Steve's fingers are in his hair, scratching over his scalp. Tony feels like he might just liquefy on the spot.  “You know,” he mumbles around a mouthful of Steve's shirt. “If this whole superhero thing doesn't work out, you have a bright future as a massage therapist.”
“Sweetheart” He says, kissing Tony's cheek. “Apple pie, sugar.” He continues, smiling wide when Tony's face reddens.
He thinks somewhat muzzily, before sleep finally pulls him under.
“Just wanted you over here.”  He admits, turning to rub his face against Tony’s stomach, wrapping his arms around the lean compact body he dreams about probably way too often.
“Yeah, I know him.” This debrief is going to
Time passes, he fights battles, completes missions he never could have imagined, and he forgets what his mother told him-forgets to keep the medallion close, passing it off to Howard Stark on the eve of a dangerous mission.
“I can't believe we came in our pants.” He says instead. Steve laughs, and Tony starts looking for the wet wipes he knows to be stowed in the center console near the driver's seat.
Steve is still thrumming with his post battle high, the fight had been over pitiable quickly. Turkey boy -or whatever his name was-had gone down like a wet sack of feathers after one very pulled punch from Captain Marvel.
“I'm not perfect Tony. I know what everyone says about me, but-I have nightmares, all the time. I wake up half convinced everything with you was just a dream. Some days the only thing that keeps me going is the thought of coming down into the kitchen and maybe seeing you there.” Steve folds his hands over his lap, leans over his knees, hunching in. Tony makes a small wounded sound, coming closer to lay a hand on his shoulder, and Steve winds him in, pressing his face against the warm silk wool waistcoat covering Tony's stomach. “I-I'm terrified of losing you, I don't know how I'd function without you.” He admits quietly. “I'm so sorry I shouted at you earlier.”
Steve curses floridly, pulling back from Tony to dig the offending thing out of his pocket. Tony's head is tipped back on the couch, eyes wide and stunned, but he seems to shake himself. He's so intent on the little card he almost misses the flashing light at the corner of Tony's tech glasses.
it would seem. Tony grins when that sends Clint running for the hills.  Serves him right.  “But we should go get breakfast anyway, you did say you'd let me take you on another date.” Steve says against his cheek.  He looks flushed and a bit like he might go for having Tony right on the luxurious woven rug beneath them, but he also has his jaw set, which means Tony may as well just give up already. As if in confirmation of their plans Steve's stomach picks that moment to grumble audibly. Tony laughs, letting his legs drop back to the floor, grabbing Steve's wrist to tug him towards the garage.
“Ya don’t say, seemed like such a nice guy.  You should invite him by for sushi sometime.”  Errol Flynn in purple said.  He was stroking the shaft of an arrow with an air of deep contemplation.
“Coming with you Shellhead, need to ice this arm anyway right?” Steve asks gently. Iron Man just nods, saying nothing as Steve steps up onto his boot. “Avengers, we'll reconvene in the jet, scout around and see if you can find anything about who might have brought that thing here.” Takeoff is gentle after that-nothing like the adrenaline fueled soaring of their usual trips through the air. Steve clings tight, wishing he could get the helmet off and see for sure that the man in the armor is really safe and healthy. That is impossible though, so he settles for taking measured breaths, willing the pounding of his heart to calm.
“You don't like that anymore then?” Steve asks, his gaze serious and intense, as if he's filing all this information away with the same importance of a mission briefing.
“Couldn't even if I tried, nowhere I'd rather be than here with you.”
He ended up tumbling into bed with a beta.  He was as handsome a fella as Steve had ever met, shorter than Steve was, with pretty brown eyes and auburn hair.  His scent was muted by suppressants, but he’d still smelled like fresh lavender and woods while draped over Steve’s back.  He’d been surprised when Steve hadn’t wanted to do the pitching so to speak, but he’d gamely brought Steve off three times anyway.  Steve had laid there afterwards tingling and gasping and wondered how people ever got anything else done when they had a partner.
"We need someone like you, the world that is, us, who wouldn't need Captain America?" Iron Man says, and Steve can feel himself flush a little at how certain he sounds. "People never stopped looking for you, and Mister Stark was hoping even if you weren't uh.” Iron man trails off then uncertainly. This isn't the first time the name 'Stark' has popped up. He knows they're not talking about Howard. Howard is long dead, this must be the man's son. Still, it's nice to know at least one tie to his old life has survived. Even if Howard Stark had never much seemed like the kind of guy that should have had kids.
“Sure why not, let's science. But first food.” For such an unassuming man, Bruce can be shockingly commanding. Tony seems unaffected however, hopping off the counter to press a smacking kiss to the side of Bruce's face.
“You caught me, soon I'll have my own pair of rocket powered roller-skates, just you wait.” Steve says, raising Tony's hands to drop a kiss over his knuckles. Tony stills as Steve follows that with a kiss for each of his wrists, watching Tony's eyes drop shut in a slow blink with the gesture.
They meet up a short time later down in the garage. Tony feels like he might be losing his mind. He's never come across anyone even remotely like Steve Rogers. The man said no to a Tony Stark blowjob because he wants to go on a
“Oh.” Tony says, a fond little smile brightening his features. “Sounds yeah...sounds great.”
“Ey Rogers, budge over yeah, you’re hogging the whole bed.”  Contemplation interrupted, Steve looked up to see Cadet Hayward standing there dressed down to her pajamas.  “C’mon, move your skinny rear.”  She said, clambering in when he shook his head and scooted over.  He was soon enveloped in her octopus’ embrace, but it was nice, having someone warm to settle his restless mind.  It wasn’t romantic at all, and anyway there were plenty of dyads and triads out there where romance never entered into the equation.  Cadet Hayward was nice too, too bad she was from Boston, or they mighta had something.
“Right, yeah, of course, who wouldn't like me?” He's turning away before Steve can reel him back in.
“I'm sorry, kinda got carried away, you're so- and I wanted-” Steve shakes his head, standing abruptly before Tony can say anything more.
“Getting hard for me again?” Tony speaks between kisses, but he's looking at Steve, and his gaze is so proprietary, as if Steve is his, really his, and Steve feels himself melt into that feeling. He wants to be Tony's, only for him, and Tony smiles as if he knows that too. His hands feel like they're everywhere, but Steve nearly cries out as they wrap around his cock and stroke there once, pulling the foreskin over the head then down again.
They're gone for far too long, the tower is quiet, and just a little bit cold. Tony knows he could ask JARVIS to raise the temperature, but there's a steaming mug of hot cocoa on his nightstand-compliments of his ghostly metal armed housemate-and a big fluffy blanket calling his name. He feels a strange sense of nostalgia for something he can't remember when he wraps the thick down quilt around his shoulders and peers out into the hallway. Maybe it's because he's peripherally aware that he's not supposed to be leaving his room-something that feels a little like the illicit thrill of getting one over on parents he doesn't remember. He's so
“Y-you kidding? Of course-course I want that, God, Tony-I, I'm going to-” The words come out a little slurred, full of heat and want. Tony just nods, pushing the toy in as deep as it will go, letting the knob at the base push on his perineum, and the curved tip inside him nudge up against his prostate. It's such an intense feeling, having that much pressure and attention inside him, and it feels incredible. His noises are growing louder, but he doesn't make any effort to quiet them, just letting himself feel everything Tony is doing to him. He's sweating, covered in goosebumps, leaking a pool of precome over his own stomach just from that pressure inside him, the slight shifts of the toy as Tony brings him slowly, irresistibly closer to the edge.
“Yes, I'll marry you Steve, oh my god! I love you!” Tony snickers when Steve dips him, and kisses him again. They're both naked, sated from sex and more than a little messy, but it couldn't matter less. “Oh my god, we're getting married!” Tony gasps, breaking away from the kiss and stroking over Steve's face.
“We're not easy people to be with, doesn't change the fact that you're the best thing that ever happened to me. Sometimes I wonder why you said yes when I asked about courting you.” Steve speaks against Tony's cheek, dropping a kiss there before walking back over to his seat. He sinks into it heavily, swiveling to turn towards the room instead of the table. His legs feel like jelly after their argument. Steve has always been the kind of guy to pick a fight, but fighting with Tony just makes him feel like the lowest kind of jerk. Tony stares over at him, laughing to himself, short and sharp.
” Tony whispers, blinking when he realizes he said that out loud. Steve pauses in shaking Hammer with more force than the heavy duty cycle of a washing machine, looking over at Tony with an intensity that suggests he should take his pants off. Tony licks his suddenly dry lips.  And really, Tony should feel bad about this, shouldn't he?  He's sent countless villains to rehabilitation programs, funded education and assistance.  Hammer is different though.  He didn't become a villain out of trauma or necessity.  He's just a scheming asshole-always has been, probably always will be.
The coffin is empty.
“Oh well, you should get on that then, shouldn't you.” Tony's smile is downright devious, as is the saucy wink he shoots in his direction.
“Aerosmith, what about The Who?”  Clint called, he was perched on a support girder somehow, lining an arrow up.
“You're different. Different kind of favorite.”
he's probably beet red.
“Ah my friends you are forgetting one very important thing.” The booming voice is startling, and Steve jumps, having forgotten the comm in his ear. Thor is very loud. Steve takes the little speaker off, holding it in his hand.  “Anthony is quite lovely, were it not for the love I bear my fair Jane, I would surely seek his company. If he would have me of course.” Thor obviously has no qualms about speaking his mind.  Steve stares at his communicator as if it's grown a few heads and started rampaging around Brooklyn. Then he stares around the quinjet. None of the Avengers look disturbed, they don't even look
“I don't think I'm the biggest superhero Tony.” Steve says with fond amusement.  Tony seems to be thinking that over.
“But I thought the two of you weren't...” Steve trails off into awkward silence, fidgeting on the couch until Tony scratches at his scalp again and he settles with a sigh.
“Don't have to say it back, just wanted you to know.” That's not right, Steve can't possibly think the feeling is anything but mutual.
“That version was always meant for me.” Tony says quietly. “For the possibility of something going horribly wrong. I'm not arrogant enough to think the world needs Tony Stark, but it might just need Iron Man.”
Back at the mansion, he was just sitting on his bed untying his shoelaces when a knock sounded at his door.
That evening, the apartment which once seemed so small and cramped seemed massive in the dark.  Steve was cold, shaking as he once had been the first time an alpha rush upended his nerves.  Unnerved, and unable to sleep, he filled an empty glass bottle with hot water, wrapped it in a towel, and held it until the cold around dawn woke him with cruel, icy fingers down his spine.
. Tony suspects that it’s the Alpha part of him, a trait that doesn’t have to posture or preen to make his presence known.  Tony notes that not only is Rogers not in his dress uniform, he also isn’t wearing a tie. His cornflower blue three-piece has very obviously been made to measure, because it accentuates every angle of pure, raw muscle, every curve, to perfection. The pale lilac shirt is open at the neck and Tony can see the top of a tattoo just peeking out at the edges of the collar, and that just makes Tony’s eyes widen a fraction. He has a thing for very pretty people with very pretty tattoos and the fact that the peak of fucking human perfection has what looks like a huge chest tattoo is just…. Yeah.
“OK,” Rhodey sucks in the breath. “Cracked skull, but nothing serious. Broken eye socket and cheek, dislocated shoulder and torn rotator cuff. And….”
It’s why he’s stuck here at another in a long line of military dinners where big deals are done, and fat, old men who have never served in the field get together to talk about things they know nothing about. Most of them have been handed their positions, a perk often afforded to sons of high ranking military men. The practice, equivalent to having heirs, but for military ranks, always makes Steve’s blood boil. None of these people know what it’s like to be on the front line, to be shot at, blown up, to sit in a foxhole in a freezing winter whilst the world goes to shit around you. They don’t know how it feels when one of your own dies in your arms, bleeding out into the snow. They don’t know how it feels when...No, he’s not doing this now, not here. These pompous fucks don’t deserve it. He just has to make nice for another couple of hours before he can politely leave and head back to Brooklyn and the sanctity of his apartment.  Just a few more hours...Maybe he could text Clint and Nat so they can come and rescue him under the pretence of an Avengers matter. He snorts a little at how ridiculous that sounds, even in his own head. He’s Captain America for fuck’s sake, he can handle another shitty military dinner.
So far i have 8k of pure porn, and it may end up being twice that because i want to make sure that i give it the level of detail and feels that these 2 deserve. I haven't written porn in like, 5 years so i'm getting HELLA frustrated at not being able to get it right. I know that it doesn't need to be perfect but godammit, i want to get it as close to perfect as i can.
It’s taken a couple of days, but Tony is staring at the creation in front of him.
“That’s not a no,” He nods, eyes assessing Tony from over the top of his glass as he brings the scotch to his lips.  This kid is just delightful, and he’s reminded a little of another brunette with a defiant jaw and an attitude to match.
“Sure, whatever Cap,” Tony challenges and Steve’s lips quirk upwards into more of a smile. He likes subs who break with tradition, who challange the norm, and this kid is just oozing with that Fuck You mentality that Steve likes so much.  He glances down at Tony’s neck where his shirt is open and notices that there’s no collar there, or jewellery of any kind. So he’s unbonded, which makes his behaviour even more enticing, because it means that there’s no Dominant watching out for him in a room full of them. The kid has got balls of fucking steel, Steve will give him that.  He also thinks that his collar would look rather lovely nestled there on Tony’s collarbone.
“They did,” Rhodey answers and reaches for his friend’s hand to lace their fingers together.  “He’s locked up waiting for his case to go to court. Attempted rape and assaulting an unbonded submissive is a serious charge Tones. Brock Rumlow is gonna be put away for at least ten years, maybe more. Turns out this isn’t the first time he’s tried this..”
“Tony…”
“Get what?”
This one is unbeta'd as my lovely beta is at Thought Bubble this weekend and i wanted to just get this posted before i change my mind AGAIN and waste more valuable NaNo time second guessing myself and rewriting the 1000th draft of this chapter.
you Steve?” and yeah, she’s right. Kind of hard to look anodyne when you’re a supersoldier. In the end he’d settled for a pair of pale grey slacks with a matching jacket, and a pale blue button down, open far enough that his tattoo shows a little. Smart, but relaxed. And according to Clint, the blue compliments his eyes, but whatever.
DINNER!
, Steve looks good enough to eat. He’s wearing tight black jeans and a royal blue Henley with a deep V-neck that looks at least two sizes too small, showing off more of his chest tattoo. And
“Oh boy,” Rogers huffs out when his laughter subsides, and shakes his head pointing a finger at Tony.  “You’re trouble kid, I like it.”
being pulled into the abyss as three fingers are shoved back inside him, that blinding pain shooting up his spine again, and he’s grateful for the blackness closing in around his vision. Suddenly he hears a bang and the weight against his back and the fingers in his ass are gone and he slithers to the floor of the stall. His ruined pants pool around him, mixed with his blood and he presses himself back to curl around the toilet bowl and make himself as small as possible. He hears shouting, then a shattering noise - glass Tony thinks groggily, then dull thuds and more shouting and the sound of more smashing noises.  He flinches when he feels hands on him, but they’re not cruel, they don’t want to hurt him. There’s a hand in his hair and one on the side of his face that isn’t ground to a pulp. He feels something being wrapped around him, then he’s being lifted and held against a warm, solid mass that’s rumbling under his cheek. He smells hints of sandalwood, soap and cinnamon and his brain supplies
” Clint says gleefully.
When he’s not thinking about Steve, he’s working on the Iron Man suit, but he’s come to a frustrating impasse. Nearly all the parts of the armour have now been fabricated and are slowly being put together by himself, J.A.R.V.I.S. and his ‘bots, but there’s one major thing that he can’t make work.
“Steve.”
What he can’t help getting frustrated about though is the fact that it’s been nearly two months since Rumlow, and he hasn’t heard from Steve once. It grates at him and he tries not to pick at it, but on the days when he’s alone working on the Iron Man suit, his mind strays to the Captain and his anger then gets the better of him. Why hasn’t Steve come to see him? Sure, Tony could get his number from Pepper, but why should he be the one to reach out first? Does he see Tony as tainted now, after seeing him at his most vulnerable? Is he disgusted by him because he’d been violated? But... Steve had been the one who had cradled him to his chest and not let go until they got to the ER. Maybe he was staying away because he felt overly protective about a sub that wasn’t his, Tony thought. Whatever the reason, the thoughts and fears continued to fester in Tony’s mind like a disease.
The moment stretches on and Tony can’t seem to look away from the blue of Steve’s eyes, glued to his seat under his gaze. Then he thinks: what the hell, in for a penny, in for a pound and does something that Steve will most definitely
Tony hides in his workshop for the next 4 days.
“Water,” Tony manages to croak out before a coughing fit takes over. Rhodey quickly climbs off the bed and hurries round to Tony’s side of the bed to get the bottle of water there and helps Tony sit up enough to be able to drink. He takes it with both hands, shaking a little but downs half the bottle in one go.  Rhodey perches on the edge of the bed by Tony’s hip and watches his friend slump back against the pillows.
...d..don’t…” Tony is sobbing and he doesn’t care. He can’t see out of one eye and he can feel it swelling rapidly, the cheekbone underneath shifting around where it’s pressed against the cold tile like it definitely shouldn’t. He’s pretty sure that his skull is cracked too and he knows exactly what’s about to happen if he doesn’t try to stop it. But his head is getting foggier by the second and he can feel himself getting pulled closer and closer to blacking out completely. Maybe that would be better he thinks, to be out cold while it happens. But he’s got to at least try. He takes a second to try and clear the cotton wool in his head then makes a sharp jab backwards with his elbow into the man’s ribs, taking him by surprise so that he stumbles back a bit. It gives Tony enough room to make a lunge towards the stall door and he gets his hand on the lock but the man grabs his wrist and twists his arm up and back towards his shoulders making Tony scream in pain. He’s shoved back against the wall face first, cheekbone grinding on the porcelain.
Tony then turns on his heel and heads for the door to leave, all the while feeling the weight of Rogers’ eyes on his back as he walks away. Spurred on by how it feels to be watched, he adds a little more sway than usual into his hips as he walks.  What? He’s got a great ass and he’s not afraid to use it.
Steve just smiles into his phone contentedly.
“One and the same,” Rhodey sighs wearily. He’s not ashamed of his friendship with Tony, far from it. But Tony is the CEO of the biggest supplier of weaponry to the military, and given his own position in the ranks, he’s never wanted  his friendship with Tony to be taken advantage of.
There had been talk when Tony was little about promising him to a Dom when he turned 21, but Maria had put her foot down over that. Her only son, only child in fact, was
“Tony, what are you doing here?” Smooth Steve, real smooth. He pointedly ignores Clint’s sniggering.
“Did something happen?” Steve can’t help the concern in his voice then because he knows what Howard’s temper is like, and he now knows what he’s capable of doing to Tony when he’s been drinking.
Tony’s chest does that thing again and this time he really does smile, stitches and swelling be damned.
“Miss Potts,” Steve chuckles a little, and from what little he’d seen of Tony at the dinner, he doesn’t doubt that she’s right.  “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. Your reputation precedes you.”
“That’s not a no,” Rogers nods, blue eyes assessing Tony from over the top of his glass as he brings the scotch to his lips.  This kid is something alright, and he’s reminded a little of another brunette with a defiant jaw and an attitude to match.
been quite the talk when he defrosted), not a real person, but Steve has always been told that manners cost nothing so always addresses the ceiling whenever he speaks to the A.I.  “Are you well?”
There is graphic descriptions of alcohol abuse in this chapter so PLEASE be mindful of that when reading this.
Tony is bored and tired and he wants to go home to his workshop and his AI and his ‘Bots, so he starts to think about just getting the fuck outta dodge without saying his goodbyes, when he sees a flash of colour out the corner of his eye that doesn’t fit in with the surroundings. He turns to look as he’s heading for the door and it’s like he hits a brick wall, stopping in his tracks when he sees who it is.
“Hmm…,” Tony hums. This is actually pretty damn near perfect. The only snag is that he really will have to go to R&D to get a few of the necessary elements, which means having to get Howard to sign off on it. Not ideal, but he thinks it’s possible.  Maybe his father will just be happy that he’s applying himself to something. Doubtful, as Howard’s view of renewable and self sustaining energy is piss poor at best.
“Whatever you may have heard Captain, it’s all true,” Tony leers, waving the hand that Steve just dropped in the air as a vague dismissal of whatever he thinks that Steve might be thinking.
struck a chord in Tony. He saw some of himself in the Captain, some of the same middle finger salute to the world so bent on tradition and formality.
“Cap, hi,” Tony blinks, then his face slides back into what Steve suspects is his Media Face and walks over to shake his hand.
Tony has to mentally shake himself and blink hard a few times to break the spell.
And right now, he wants to do exactly that with Steve and it’s fucking terrifying. His knees actually feel weak, wanting to betray him and finally give out so that he can sink to the floor in front of Steve leaving himself pliant and open. His body wants it so much that it feels like an actual physical burning  under his skin. He wants Steve to tell him how good he is, how perfect as he fucks Tony’s throat. He wants to see Steve’s intricate web of knotted rope against his skin as he’s spread open, laid bare. He wants to feel the exquisite, white hot sting of Steve’s whip across his back as he holds still like he’s been told to. He wants Steve’s plug, nestled in his ass all day to keep him open and ready to be taken whenever Steve wants him.
Great. This is just fan-fucking-
“They’re my teammates. It’s part of my job to make sure that they’re happy,” Steve bumps back, maybe with a little more force just to see Tony drop to his left a bit and scowl at him.
“Tony…” Rhodey warns. He hates is when his best friend gets like this. Hyper, sleep deprived and horny. It always means nothing but trouble.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can show you a few things to help you centre yourself, help clear your mind,” Clint smiles putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder.  “I spend a lot of my job having to sit still when I'm out in the field. It’s a skill I had to learn, but it really helps.”
* * * * * * * * * * *
“This one J,” Tony waves his hands through the other two plans so that they disappear and enlarges the remaining image.  He taps the fingers of one hand against his lips for a few moments as he watches the projections slowly rotate, taking in everything.  “And you’re sure this will work?”
“Tony,” Steve smiles and takes the hand offered. They hold each others gaze for a few moments before Toy drops his hand and moves away towards the door he just came through.
Steve has been looking forward to tonight for days, but now that Friday has finally arrived, he’s nervous as hell. Talking to someone on the telephone is totally different to speaking in person, and he wants tonight to go well and to not say or do the wrong thing. Tony has been through so much recently and he wants to make sure that the sub is relaxed and comfortable with him, so much so that he’ll be receptive to what Steve would like to suggest to him. He’s been battling with his feelings and thoughts since Tony had told him they were going out for dinner, but he’s made the decision that he’d like to court Tony. Maybe he should say date instead of court?  He hasn’t stopped thinking about Tony since they first met all those months ago at the military dinner, and his feelings have only increased since the incident with Rumlow. He thought that perhaps the feelings would fade, but even without seeing Tony, they’ve gotten stronger the more he’s spoken to the sub.
, he’s cut the hair around the sides of his head short and left it longer on the top and Tony
“He’s surprisingly good at it when he has to be,” Nat smirks, and Tony feels the tension he was holding in his shoulders start to ease.
“Nice to meet you Cap,” Tony  grins, still not breaking eye contact and oh yeah, this kid is a whole lotta fun, Steve can already tell.
as he made arrangements with her for organising the contracts on the Avengers deal.  She also noted the look on Tony’s face when she went into his office to ask him how the meeting had gone.  He was still frozen on the couch, breathing heavy, dick tenting his dress pants and eyes hazy and heavy lidded.
* * * * * * * * * * *
Steve is beating the shit out of yet another punchbag, trying not to think about the fact that he hasn’t been to visit Tony since he’d left the hospital and gone home to his mansion with round-the-clock medical care. He also tries not to remember what Tony looked like when he’d thrown open the door to the toilet stall and found Rumlow knuckles deep in Tony’s bleeding ass while the sub was screaming himself hoarse. Instead, he tries to concentrate on how it felt to shove Rumlow through the tiles of the bathroom before Rhodey and his teammates had held him back. It had taken all four of them, and the only reason Steve had let go of Tony’s attacker was because he didn’t want to have a murder on his hands. But fuck, he’d wanted to snap Rumlow’s fucking neck for what he’d done to Tony, to keep grinding that snarling face into the broken tiles until there was no face left. His Alpha side had completely taken over, and it was only the voices of his friends that brought him back to a semblance of sanity and made him step away. The cops and the courts can deal with Rumlow… and Tony has the best lawyers in New York.
Steve had watched as Pepper came bursting into the room and climbed into bed to wrap herself around Tony’s body, sobbing into into the skin of his neck. She hadn’t left until Rhodey had managed to coax her into going home to at least shower and get a change of clothes. She was back within the hour.
“Jarvis, there must be something because I'm
Except he wasn’t, not any more. Just frozen in time and ice until he’d been found and thawed, thrown 70 plus years into a future he didn’t know surrounded by strangers. About eight years ago, the Captain’s breakdown had been public knowledge the world over, it wasn’t a secret. He’d been public and raw about it, spoke about how he’d been broken because everything he knew was gone. His friends, his family, his submissive. He’d been bereft, alone, unanchored.  Tony had remembered being stunned as a young teen that a Dominant, an
“But that project is just for show,” Tony knows that he sounds bitter, but it’s to be expected. The arc reactor is one of the ideas that he’s most proud of: self-sustaining, renewable energy with zero impact to the environment. One hundred percent clean energy, and it already powers one of the SI labs outside the city, but Howard had decided that he liked money more than saving the planet, so it was sidelined and labelled a vanity project.  “And anyway, it’s the size of several trucks, and i’m not hauling that around behind the suit.”
Tony just hums in reply, his mind thinking everything over and deciding that he should just stop being a dick about everything and reach out.
, that’s...
He doesn’t remember anything after that.
“Steve is...look, he’s come a long way since they defrosted him, but he’s still kinda old fashioned when it comes to interacting with subs, especially if they’re unbonded,” Clint plonks himself down on his yoga mat. “He won’t enter a sub’s personal space unless he has express permission from said sub,” He raises his hand when Tony goes to protest. “And no, permission from Pepper isn’t the same, not to Steve.”
“Tony, I….” Steve sucks in the breath.  “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t sass me Jarvis.”
“Tell you what, throw in a whole lot of hot rod red to the gold one, lemme see that. A lot less...ostentatious, don’t you think?”
He looks in the mirror as he buttons up his shirt, watching as his and Bucky’s dog tags slowly disappear under the material. They never found a body, so Steve had a new tag made so that he could hang it next to his own around his neck.  Bucky would want him to try and find happiness, he knows that, but his loss is still a pain he will never lose. It’s gotten easier over time, though, and Bucky wouldn’t hesitate to kick his ass if he ever caught him moping around. He’d like Tony he thinks, would like his take no bullshit approach to life, and that’s what had made the decision easy in the end for Steve, knowing that Bucky would approve of his choice.
“What about that girl in accounting? Rebecca is it?” Nat says while they’re fighting back-to-back with what can only be described as baby octopi in Times Square.
To all those who have been waiting patiently for me to finish this story - it might not happen.
“OK Jarvis, let’s see what it’s like to try the flying thing again, but with the whole suit this time,” Tony says, and kicks off from the floor. It’s completely different than with just the boots and the gauntlets, but it feels fucking amazing. He tries a couple of simple moves to get the feel of it, then touches back down to the workshop floor.
“Steve tried to put him through a wall,” Rhodey replies with a genuine smile. That would have been the shattering sound that Tony remembers hearing then.  “It was awesome Tones, you should have seen it. You were taking a while in the bathroom so we went to see if you were OK. Steve walked into the bathroom first and when he heard you scream, he didn’t even blink, he just fuckin’
Steve Rogers in the flesh.
“Yeah,
“Yeah, I can fly.”
“Then how about you tell me how your project is going?” He may not understand everything that Tony tells him when he gets into the details of what he’s doing but he likes to hear him talk about things he loves and that excite him. It makes him feel warm and pleased whenever a sub is happy, and that feeling seems to have dramatically magnify when it comes to Tony.
Coulson barks, and Steve can hear gunshots from his end of the comm.
“She also said that you wanted to learn some self defence,” Clint hugs Tony as Natasha moves away.
“Tony,” Rhodey breaths, his eyes full of concern.  “What’s wrong? What do you need?”
“Yeah, OK,” Rhodey sighs in defeat.  “If it means it gets you in the shower, I’m down.”
“I think you might have a deal Cap,” Tony says eventually and leans forward.  “Now indulge my curiosity a little. Is that the only reason you’re here?”
he is, but is surprised that his feet are already one step (ha!) ahead of him, taking him towards the Captain before he’s even finished his thought. He zones in on Rogers and walks straight towards him, head up, eyes on target. It’s not the proper way to approach a Dominant, let alone an Alpha, but Tony has never been one for self preservation or protocol.  What he should be doing is waiting for a Dominant to introduce him, and then keep his eyes down, head bowed and no touching. What Tony actually does is walk straight into the space currently occupied by three military Dominants plus the Captain, looks straight at Rogers’ face and extends his hand to shake.
Alpha, which is just making Tony’s Fuck Propriety reflex go into overdrive. What he’s doing is asserting his own form of dominance and sending Steve a message that says Tony Stark is his own person, no matter how star spangled your ass is, Alpha or not.
* * * * * * * * * * *
“Likewise Wilson,” Rhodey hugs back.  “Long time no see.”
Everyone knows this. The entire world knows. Tony Stark is the world’s richest, most well connected, unbonded submissive, and the brattiest brat to ever brat. The term ‘topping from the bottom’ could have been written to wax lyrical about him. It could be why, surprisingly, his queue of suitors is actually pretty small.  No Dom wants a pushy bottom, no matter how rich they are, how well connected. It would look bad at public functions to have a sub who wouldn’t do as they were told and ran their mouth and got drunk. It wasn’t proper. Submissives are to be seen but not heard unless expressly told to by their Master. And Tony…..well Tony has never been about what is right and proper.
“Hi Tony,” Steve tries to sound calm and not as though his pulse has just jumped.
Steve had taken longer that he would like to admit getting ready this morning. He wanted to appear relaxed, non-threatening, but also faintly authoritative and only the tiniest bit dominating.  Nat had scoffed at him when he said that. “Have you
He threw Rumlow across the room then tried to use him as a wrecking ball. I’ve never seen an Alpha in action before, dude didn’t stand a fucking chance. “
Also, there is description of gore.
Tony is catapulted upwards, slams into the ceiling of the workshop and ends up in a crumpled heap on the floor, where DUM-E rather belatedly sprays him liberally with the fire extinguisher.
“Time to go Tones,” Rhodey says in his ear and tries to stop Tony from climbing him like a tree.  His best friend has always been tactile, but when he’s drunk he will try and fuck literally anyone.  He's used to it.
things for Tony that he didn’t realise were a thing for him.  He watches Rogers from the other side of room tracking every movement, every smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. His hands look massive wrapped around the crystal tumbler in his hand and Tony is suddenly struck by the image in his mind of one of those hands wrapped around his neck. Rogers could snap him in half with his little finger, there’s no doubt. But because Tony is a brat, he thinks it would look very lovely around his neck, the paleness of Roger’s hand would look striking against the olive of Tony’s skin.
Head up - there's a death in this chapter. It's 'off screen', and it isn't one of our boys so...
“So Captain Tight Pants, what’s a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?” Tony is a shameless flirt when he’s sober, but when drunk? Yeah, absolutely no filter at all.  He’s vaguely aware of Natasaha laughing, but he’s more focused on Steve’s eyes widening a fraction, his pupils slowly expanding. He remembers what Steve said to him just before he left his office last week and he’s never one to back down from a challenge. Plus, he’s horny as fuck and Steve just so happens to be the owner of the most perfect body in existence, and he’s standing there looking less of a snack and more like a whole goddamn meal.
“Very much so,” Steve replies and takes a swig of his beer. He can’t get drunk: the serum processes the alcohol too fast for that, but he likes the taste.  “It’s good to see them kick back, y’know? They needed this.”
Steve remembers jumping out of his skin the first time he’d been to the tower when the disembodied voice spoke to him in the elevator. He’s used to it now, but it still makes him smile. J.A.R.V.I.S. greets everyone when they step into the elevator, and his smooth British voice is soothing to Steve. It’s also one of the (many)  reasons why Steve is keen to get to know Tony a little more as he knows that J.A.R.V.I.S. is his creation and built the A.I. at M.I.T. when he was still a teen.
“Considering that we’re all of the above, yes they are,” Steve quirks his lips. “But that’s not what you meant, is it?”
So Tony does pretty much whatever he wants, whenever he wants and with whomever he wants.  It's a luxury that being so disgustingly wealthy affords. When you’re in the 1% of the world’s richest, most successful and most feared people, you can do pretty much do whatever the fuck you want and no-one says shit. Of course, he has to show his face at a lot of fancy functions and dinners, as well as hold press conferences and TV interviews - that’s just part of being the face of Stark Industries now that Howard has taken a back seat and semi-retired. But he’ll put up with that if it means he can spend nearly all his free time either in his basement workshop building and creating, or out on the town fucking the latest hot young thing (or things, plural) without a single fuck given about his reputation or how it looks to the wider public.  His striking looks means that there is never a shortage of hot young things to play with, and Tony has no shame in using his looks to get what he wants. Doms salivate over him whenever he turns his chocolate brown eyes on them, or looks up through his lashes. His unkempt rich, deep chestnut hair frames his face, and his pink, full lips polish off his look of just-rolled-out-of-bed-and-sucked-a-dick-please-fuck-me look. Doms fall over themselves , switches can’t get enough, and other subs fawn over him. Tony fucking
Tony is finally,
* * * * * * * * * * *
“More or less,” Steve replies with a nod and takes a sip of his scotch.  It’s excellent, of course. He watches Tony as he mulls it all over.
Tony’s eyebrows disappear into his hairline at that because
I debated whether or not to take this story down completely, but the damage has already been done so there isn't really any point. And despite it being not particularly good, I'm still proud of it so I'm going to leave it up. Because fuck Romilly King, that's why.
“He...Tony….he tore you and they had to stitch it. It took them awhile to get the bleeding under control enough to fix it. It… it was messy Tones, real bad,” Rhodey doesn’t look at his friend, but he squeezes their hands together tighter.  “But it’s gonna be OK. Doc says there’ll be no permanent damage and you’re already halfway there. It’s gonna itch like a bitch though.”
“As a matter of fact, I do.”
Steve will definitely be paying a visit to Stark Industries in the next few days, or a perfectly valid discussion about Avengers equipment of course.  After all, he’s sure that Clint could do with some new, state of the art arrows. Yes, strictly a business visit, nothing more.
Steve’s cheeks are burning again because how can Tony be so forgiving when he’s just been through so much? God, he feels like the worst person in the world right now.
“OH MY
. Tony has grown up with the legend as an ever present force thanks to Howard. He never stopped banging on about how perfect Rogers was, and how it was going to be Stark Industries that found him, which they had in the end. After years of Howard ploughing funds into exploring the Arctic for the Valkyrie wreckage, it had been found.  Tony remembers the day that they pulled Rogers from the ocean and discovered that he was still alive. The world had held its breath to see if Captain America would survive the reanimation process, and Tony had held his own breath right along with them.
“Don’t wait up for me honey,” Tony sing-songs as he leaves J.A.R.V.I.S in charge and heads upstairs to start getting ready.
And then he’s gone.
“We do,” Clint shrugs, hopping up to crouch on the edge of the workbench next to Tony. “But there’s not much doing right now so…”
“So you’re the famous Tony Stark,” Steve says,  eventually letting Tony’s hand go, and he’s a little sad at the loss of contact.
doesn’t seem about to force Tony to his knees and bare his neck as punishment.  In fact, he sees to be amused by it.
Steve is enjoying some rare downtime at his place in Brooklyn with his sketchbook and pyjamas when his phone buzzes a few times. He frowns when he doesn’t recognise the number, then sucks in a breath when he reads the messages, of which there are several in quick succession:
“To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?” Steve assumes that Tony means for him to follow, so he does and finds himself in Tony’s office and it’s not what he expected at all. There’s none of the glass and chrome in here, it’s more like the library of a large stately home. There’s wood paneling along two of the walls with built in shelves lined with books about engineering, mechanics, programming and physics as well as a whole host of other books that Steve can’t even wrap his mind around. Tony’s desk is huge and made of oak Steve thinks. It looks old. There’s an aged leather couch on one side and two matching chairs the other. Steve is reminded of the layout of the Oval Office, just on a more excessive scale. At the opposite end of the room however, there’s two metal and wood work benches scattered with bits of circuitry, metal parts and tools. That would explain the callouses on Tony’s hands then.
What happens to Tony in this chapter is almost identical to what happened to me about 15 years ago, except it was my (now ex) husband, not some rando at a bar. I tend to put a lot of myself into what i write, so it was only natural for that to happen here. It helps me to deal with what happened, so i'm sorry Tony :(
“AHEM.”
Tony’s breath catches in his throat and everything narrows down to just him, the man leaning casually against the bar. He’s
Sam laughs as he swoops down to street level to take out some more of the weird octopus creatures.
Otherwise, read at your own risk.
Clint’s sigh is heavy and it tells Tony that he’s been expecting this line of questioning.
“I don’t doubt it,” Steve says, and he does smile now, the mirth stretching from his mouth up to his eyes, which now seem to sparkle. “You’re not at all what I expected from Howard’s son.”
interesting, and leaves his comment hanging in the air between them.
He’s just being Steve.”
, had been so public about his situation. It just wasn’t done. Dominant’s didn’t just....put all that out there, they just didn’t. Baring your soul like that was for your sub only, not the whole world. Tony had remembered being drawn to Rogers, his willingness to be completely unconventional and tell tradition to just
