awkward and horrible, like he’s a kid in a high school play while everyone else is Broadway.
Steve pauses, looking at him, finally. His eyes drop to Tony's lips and then back up, a bit unfocused.
“For Easter? I got nothing from you for Easter,” Clint snipes, teasing.
“Remember when you said you wanted me to let you tear me apart…?”
“Thanks for the heads up on that one, buddy.”
She hangs up. Then she looks at him.
“Bucky…” Tony starts, actually reaching for his hand out to touch him, and there’s such pity in his voice that it makes Bucky see red.
, okay?”
He crosses the bathroom, back to Steve, and sets his hands slowly on Steve’s hips.
“I’m drawing.” Steve replies simply, not missing a beat and not looking up.  If Tony’s tone bothers him, he doesn’t show it. “I do that, you know.”
“Even the old lady across the hall.  She’s actually only sixty or so, give or take, but she’s had a hard knock life, man.  You should hear the stories.”
“No, that’s you,” Bucky corrects, chuckling.  Steve doesn’t believe that but it’s never seemed to matter.  “Never wanted or needed to make a ton of friends, Steve.  Not when I had you.”
“I can always eat,” Steve lies anyway. Tony gives him a long look but doesn’t challenge him on it. He uses his grip on Steve’s leg for leverage as he pushes to stand up. Feeling exposed in the light of day, Steve draws the white sheet over his lap and around his waist.
“Then I’m on the front page of one of the most important weeklies in town. Frankly, I’m
Tony takes a moment to consider Steve’s arms, glistening with a faint sheen of perspiration.  The super soldier serum has regenerative properties, but he’s never been clear on how far that extends.  He guesses not that far.
Tony just grunts in response, sure that Pepper is going to be wrong on that point.
On screen, Nathan Fillion is glibly tossing off another clever quip, and if Steve were still awake, Tony knows it would have made him smile.  Tony’s never really been much for TV, but Steve’s taken to
“I really don’t understand this,” Bucky says, slightly broken, and Tony wonders if maybe he'd made the wrong choice in handling it this way.
“This guy’s not as good as you.” Steve comments, jerking his head toward tonight’s entertainment, an older guy named Paulie who takes the two nights a week that Sam doesn’t. He’s not bad, exactly, but he doesn’t play with the same heart as Sam, the same finesse.
Tony pauses, frowning, and abandons the landing gear once more. He leaves Rhodey and walks toward the nose, switching his focus to the engine. He’d dropped in his own version of a Wasp Jr., something Pratt & Whitney had tried to bother him about once upon a time. Since he’d built the engine with his own two hands without seeing nary a blueprint from P&W, and his own alterations made it so distinct, they really hadn’t a leg to stand on. The fact he only used the engine for Rhodey’s plane and his own, instead of marketing it to the public, meant their complaints eventually went away of their own volition.
“What is it even supposed to be?” Tony asks him on the fourth day, wordlessly offering Steve a sandwich he’d ordered in and eyeing the pieces of trashed guardrail that Steve re-appropriated from a junkyard.  He’s split each one in half vertically and is in the process of installing them onto a wide base, each one of them shooting upward.  Not straight upward, though.  He’s bending them and curling them, twisting them around each other as elegantly as he can.  He’s honestly not sure what he’s going for but something’s taking shape on its own.
It was so many decades ago that he dreamed of Bucky’s work-calloused hands rough on his skin, but it feels so fresh in his mind now that it may as well have been yesterday. How many nights had Bucky come home from the docks, smelling richly of sweat, his handsome face streaked with dirt, that usually perfect dark brown hair of his damp and messy and curling over his forehead? Without a modicum of modesty, he would strip out of his overalls, work shirt, and underwear right there, leaving a pile of clothes just inside the front door, regardless of whether Steve was sitting in the living room or not, and set about taking a bath in the tub that was just off the kitchen.
The inner rim of Tony’s mouth is stained dark red from the wine, and Steve wonders what he would taste like if they kissed. Steve drinks from his own glass to busy himself, letting the earthy flavor explode over his tongue.
“Really.” Bucky can’t hide his surprise.
Steve carefully sets him down on the ground, disentangling their bodies.  Tony meets his eyes briefly and finds apprehension there.  It’s unsettling.
“I’ll get you both some water.” Steve makes sure they’re sitting upright and steady before going to the kitchen to track down bottles for them.   He rummages through the fridge to find a couple unopened Smart waters.  When he turns back around, he’s face to face with Tony.
“Excuse me, what?”  Tony kinda wishes Steve had been drinking something because that would’ve been a hell of a spit take.
“What’s this all about?”  Steve demands as Tony shuts the door.
Steve walks forward, the realization dawning on his face as he takes it all in.  Tony made sure there’s everything Steve could ever want – easel, sketch table, oils, acrylics, charcoal, pencils, brushes of every shape and size.  There are racks of different press watercolor paper, newsprint and pads and pre-stretched canvasses.  There’s a small woodshop set up with nails and staple guns and gesso, wood and a miter saw in case Steve decides to frame and stretch his own.   Steve passes the wash station and runs his hand along the set of wide, slim drawers to lay his work flat and safe to dry.  He taps on the light board as if not sure what it’s even for.
because he feels her give, knows she wouldn’t go that easy.
“Seven. Seven times,” Steve barely gets out before Tony is on him again, this time lying on top of him and kissing his neck. The feel of Tony’s fully clothed body on his naked one sets all his nerve endings afire, and something about the glaring difference in their state of undress arouses him even more. “And twice in my mouth. Once all over my chest.”
“Thank you, Bucky. For calling. I mean, I can imagine someone else would’ve read a note like that and just went for it…it means a lot that you waited until you could talk to me.”
“How far back you want to go?” Steve asks, half-joking, half-not.  He’s tired of riding on this roller coaster with Tony.  His constitution may be stronger than it used to be, but he still doesn’t like the sensation of falling and the whiplash is starting to hurt.
That’s when he realizes that Bucky’s for real.  The man is trying to tell the truth.
“Just through here.” Tony pushes open the door and flips on the light before the awkwardness hits him. He glances around his bedroom quickly, relieved to find it rather clean and presentable, and then shoots Steve what he hopes comes across as an innocent look. He points to the telephone sitting on his nightstand in explanation.
Sighing, Steve climbs back into his trailer.
“Don’t, Tony.”
Steve rocks back and forth on his heels slightly, tilting his head upward to look at the sky once more.
“I tried calling you a few times.”  Steve’s words are surprisingly and tellingly soft, considering the company they’re in.  Tony barely glances at him, cursing himself for being so attuned to the man that even a fleeting look is enough to register the vulnerability plainly written all over Steve’s face.  He doesn’t miss the suspicious glare that Bucky shoots his way either.
“Depends. If you think it’s a way to increase the width capabilities of the image, then yes, it’s what you think it is.” Bruce mumbles, distracted, as he sets back to work on the camera in front of him.
“Yes, Tony, last night you made me President of Publicity, don’t you remember?” Tony doesn’t. That doesn’t sound right. Is that even a title?
get what he means.
“Maybe good sense is overrated.” Bucky shrugs and then starts gathering everything he’d brought from Streit’s to put it back in the deli bag. “I’ll stick this in the fridge with your name on it so Clint doesn’t steal it.”
“How much have you seen?” Steve blanches, sure that his performance is awkward and horrible. It
“If we’re being honest, I’m sure Natasha thought I’d make excuses not to come if given the opportunity. Nothing against Miss Lewis – I’m just against the general idea of being set up at all.” He’d been done with that even before the war, thanks to the thoroughly unsuccessful double dates that Bucky would arrange.
“How do you know that?”
“It wasn’t as if I spent my days pining…it was more this constant awareness that I
“That’s as close as you’re getting to seeing it tonight,” Natasha retorts, tossing him a taunting look as the subway rolls to a jolting stop and the doors open on the 1st Avenue platform.
“Dry off, Wonder Boy.  You should come up and have some breakfast.”  He nods his head toward the door but Steve shoots him down.
Steve’s night, in contrast, now seems to be wide open. Any messages from the office would’ve been brought to his trailer, and it’s obvious now that Tony hadn’t left word himself. Maybe something had come up, or maybe he’d forgotten. Steve pushes away his disappointment.
Phil stops, and then tiredly looks down at his business attire.  He straightens his navy and maroon striped tie and checks his cuffs, but otherwise finds nothing at fault.
“What?  No!  The night is young!”  Tony’s exuberant, switched completely
, Tony.  And weren’t you just plotting to get me high on marijuana?”
He grabs Tony’s vacated seat and Pepper takes Tony’s hand, shrugging.
Of course, this doesn’t really feel like home. It smells all wrong and it sounds all wrong, but there’s enough here in the familiar architecture to be vaguely comforting.
films, Tony.”
“I should like to commission a portrait from you as well, dear Steven.  My Lady Jane has asked for a likeness to keep in her chambers, to remember me during our long and sad times apart.”
He snuffles a little, long eyelashes fluttering as he slowly stirs. He looks so young like this.
“Where’s your stuff?”
Bucky’s right, in his way. Captain America is precisely why he didn’t call Tony Stark. He became Captain America because it was the best option available to him at the time. He became Captain America to do
Steve is quiet.
“Who says I was expecting a call from someone specific?”
Bucky slowly looks from Tony to Steve, registering the tension that has exploded in the room, messy and sudden.  He and Bucky always could read each other’s faces like statements, holding silent conversations through lifting eyebrows and small quirks of their mouths, and Bucky’s trying to decipher him now.  He schools his face into the blankest expression he can muster.
Being “broke” while actually being supported by middle or upper class parents is the new normal, especially in Williamsburg, and Clint accuses Tony of it often.  Steve finds the accusations baseless.  Tony never pretends he’s anything but well off; he’s very aware of what he has and how he uses it, and while he is always quick to offer a helping hand, he stopped flaunting his wealth long before they ever got together.
“Something’s going on at the tower.” Natasha informs him and Pepper starts.  “JARVIS sent out the alert.”
“His itinerary shows no such alterations, sir.  Would you like me to contact Dr. Banner and request his immediate return?”
“Yes, I remember. I said no. Which is true.”
But still.
Steve nearly asks what Darcy wasn’t wrong about when Jane adjusts her grip, squeezing his arm again, the implication quite clear.  His face heats and Jane giggles.
He could really get used to this.  In fact, the thought of returning to mornings without exactly this makes him thoroughly and completely depressed.
They had all come so close to losing him.  So damn close.
.” Clint rifles through the DVDs, then his mouth falls open in overdramatic shock.  Kernels of popcorn tumble out onto the carpet.  “Stark, why do you not own
“Where do you want to go?”
“Well I don’t understand that guy’s art, and I clearly don’t understand yours.”
, even.”
Not wanting Steve left on uneven footing, he takes Steve’s hand again and moves it lower. He’s fully erect, the line of his cock visible through his trousers. Tony wants Steve to feel it, to know it’s all because of him, for him. He tilts his head, nuzzling against the side of Steve’s face. Steve groans quietly, lips warm on Tony’s skin as his mouth slides over the curve of his neck.
“Okay. Well.” Steve isn’t sure what to say, and Tony isn’t helping. He seems preoccupied with dressing, pulling a fresh shirt from one rack before crossing to grab a tie from another. It’s jarring to feel such distance from someone who he’d been so completely lost in just minutes ago. Tony might as well be a stranger, for how connected Steve feels now.
“You don’t say,” Pepper retorts and then laughs, pointing at herself.  “See, there I go again.  It’s my default setting.”
be. He’s never put his whole life, everything he’s ever worked for, at risk just because one man was too breathtaking, too beautiful, to turn down.
They easily could have never met, and when they did, Tony had irrationally wanted to punch Steve’s perfect, perfect face.  Everything about the guy was naturally, effortlessly amazing and Tony could not stand it.  He was cynicism’s kryptonite, seemingly inspiring unabashed love and admiration from everyone at a time when no one wanted to admit to liking anything or anyone.
“And there are three more pans of lasagna in the oven,” Natasha adds as a disclaimer.  “So eat what you want.”
“What up, welcome to the jungle,” Darcy flicks a two-finger salute Pepper’s direction and Pepper nods, offering a small smile.
“Absolutely not.  You’re not cleared and apart from Steve and I, you’re not familiar with anyone else’s battle tactics.”
“It’s fine, worry about your own damn problems,” Bucky interrupts tersely, immediately feeling horrible when Steve physically recoils. He’d forgotten how much Steve could look like a kicked puppy, big blue eyes so wounded and sad. Bucky sighs softly. “You got enough on your plate without worrying ‘bout me.”
There are faint marks on both his shoulders and his collarbone. Not deep enough to be bruises, but enough to remember Tony’s hands pressing hard for leverage as he rode him to completion.
“Like Tony Stark carried these home.  Please.”  Bucky laughs, turning his pumpkin around in a circle, hands trailing over its curves and ridges.  Steve hesitates before sniping back, quips not coming as easily as they once did, and Bucky’s grin falters.  He points a finger to the face of Iron Man that Steve has so carefully carved.
“I hope you’re right.” Bucky says softly, like a prayer. Tony closes his eyes for a moment, letting the words echo in his mind.
“Yeah.  I suppose so.”  They could stay there.  It would be easy.  It might even make sense.  But not using the tower seems like a forfeit, a failure.  And the more Tony thinks about moving everyone in there, the more he feels like it would be capping the year off in triumph.  He’ll have won New York back.  He’ll have won
“The palladium core was poisoning my bloodstream.  But, then I made vibranium to replace it, and all was well.”  Tony says this a little too casually, like he knows the fact he was once
“Thank you, but I’m fine,” Steve says again, then he sighs. He places his hands on his knees and then rubs his thighs once, as if gearing up the courage to stand.
When he finally goes home, he stops half a block from his building and watches for a few minutes.  No one seems to be waiting for him.  He had expected Natasha or Fury or some low-ranking SHIELD official whose thankless job it would be to drag him back in, but there’s no one.   It doesn’t matter, really.  He should be grateful.  He doesn’t want to go back there, and he doesn’t want to go to the tower.
. No one I’ve talked to reads it.”
“It’s there, in the penal code, somewhere.  I could look it up, but I’m too busy thinking about the various things we could get up to like this.”  Tony wriggles suggestively but only succeeds in making Steve laugh and squirm underneath him.
“The drug seems to have brought out some…latent aggression.”
“You’re doing that thing again where you’re talking in pop cultural riddles and expecting me to understand.”  Steve packs up the tools and slowly follows Tony, bringing the rusted metal box with him.
Steve smiles a little, his anger abating at the sight of Tony dripping like a drowned rat.  Tony drags his hands over his face and then pushes his hair back, thumbs his nose.  His undershirt sticks to him like a second skin and the arc reactor appears even brighter in the darkness.
“Sorry for what?”  His heart sinks.  “Buck, there’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“Is my seeing you dependent on my taking this part?” Steve asks, doubt growing even more insistent. He pulls back a little, and Tony stares up at him like he’s considering.
The lights flicker on and then off, something behind them sparking.
“Not much to tell.”
“Don’t pretend everything’s all right.  It’s so obviously not all right.  I need you to tell me
He originally thought the bathroom needlessly large, but with Natasha blocking the doorway it seems too small.  She must sense his unease because she backs up, allowing him enough space to pass her and leave if he wishes.
Bucky nods and then finishes descending the stairs, looking back to give him a small wave as he crosses the lawn and heads off for the streetcar himself.
“Huh, what?” Tony snaps to at the sound of his name. Pepper is standing beside him, her hand on his shoulder. The film is over, the screen bright white and the tail of the film thwapping wildly as the projectionist sets about shutting the machine down. It slowly winds down to a stop.
“This is it.”
“I actually rather like Aimee Mann, I don’t find her miserable at all.”
“You’re back rather soon.”  Tony’s gaze darts past her, landing squarely on Steve.  Steve brushes some chalk and dust from his borrowed sweats, adjusts his rumpled t-shirt.  He has to remind himself that Tony’s not here for inspection and it shouldn’t matter if he’s a mess.
The gauntleted hand Iron Man places on the Captain's hip is intimate but his tone is sly, joking. The Captain steps back, muttering something about how Pepper must think he’s downright hilarious.
So much.
“God, you’re too good at this, it’s unfair,” Tony groans as he bends slightly forward, rocking slightly with Steve’s rhythm.
“Before.” Tony replies, waving his hand over his shoulder like that indicates the past, behind them. “Then I got back with Pepper, then I broke up with Pepper, but he ran off with Bucky, y’know. Shit happens.”
When he turns to re-claim his faded green park bench, he finds someone already there.
Lying on the bed is one of his faceplates, from one of the suits he was no longer supposed to be making.  Pepper must have known all along, which really isn’t all that surprising.  Tony lifts it and finds a piece of Stark Industries stationery underneath it.  Pepper’s left him with the delicate scrawl of far too few words.
work. So we’re going to MCA and they’re going to help you package this.”
When he reaches his destination, Steve leans on the top of the upright piano, resting his elbows on the polished wood surface. He looks down at Sam as his fingers dance nimbly over the black and white keys.
“What’s also funny is that in one evening you’ve started to sound like every critic of Woody Allen ever.  Welcome to pop culture, Steve, seems like you might fit in here after all.  I can’t wait until you see his later films, the age disparities are going to
“Stark is MIA,” Steve repeats. He makes a flitting gesture with his hand, a bird escaping its cage. “Gone.” He picks up his drink and stares for a moment at the clear liquid before taking a drink. “Just as well, we’re nearly done anyway. Who needs ‘im.”
“Come on,” he gestures to Clint.  “Let’s get him inside.”
Steve closes his eyes but it’s no use, all he can see is Bucky’s face.
“Me?  No, I just…haven’t seen you at all since you got back.  Thought I’d check in, see how you were doing.  I am your host, after all.  Or your landlord.  Well, you guys don’t pay rent, so not your landlord.  Your patron?  I like the sound of that.  Very Renaissance chic.”
Tony stops moving, Fury finally saying something worthwhile.  Fury notices he has Tony’s complete attention and directs further explanation to him.
He wonders if that’s why Natasha spent the previous night holed up with Steve in his quarters.  Tony shouldn’t know about it, but he does.  Being curious and having an AI monitoring everything that happens under his roof is a dangerous combination.  He’d doubled down on work all day long to avoid confronting Nat over it.  If he saw her, he figured it’d be two seconds before he demanded to know why she was coming out of Steve’s room at six in the morning.  He wasn’t sure he wanted an answer or an explanation anyway.
lose track of time whilst in the throes of absolute genius and revolutionary invention,” Tony circles the island and takes up a spot directly opposite Steve.  He hops up to sit on the counter.  “My insane working hours have a point.”
Admittedly, Steve Rogers, the actor playing Captain America, is quite fit; his tight costume clings to the sharp lines of his muscled body in a way that borders on obscene. His face is mostly covered at all times by a silly mask. If his strong jawline, full lips and piercing eyes are anything to go by, covering that all up was a really poor decision.
His hold on the acetylene torch slips, leaving a wide swath of a scorch mark outside the knee joint of his new suit of armor.  As he switches the flame off he swears under his breath even though he knows that the already-planned fresh coat of paint will easily cover his mistake.
Maybe he is falling in love with Steve. Maybe Steve’s falling in love with him.
“Don’t forget kickball Sunday in McCarren.  And Ultimate Frisbee on Monday!” Clint’s voice chases after them.
No one approaches him, but he’s sure there must be someone on staff eyeing him skeptically and wondering what he’s doing there. They probably have him pegged as some kind of poor, aspiring screenwriter hoping to catch someone important in the lobby to pass them a script, or perhaps a tourist hoping for an autograph or snapshot with a famous actor or actress on their way out for a night on the town.
“Hmm.” Tony nods to himself, impressed. He rifles through more of Bruce’s papers, officially interested. Bruce gets up and comes to his side, reaching out to stop him.
“Is this why you gave up Iron Man?”  For a second Tony hears judgment in Steve’s tone, criticism of his weakness.  But it’s not really there.  He simply sounds curious, concerned.
“And here I thought your job was, you know, pointing this at stuff and making it look nice and pretty.”
He must fall asleep because the next thing he knows, he’s waking with a start, ripped from another bad dream where Bucky is falling, falling, falling and he’s helpless to stop it.  The digital clock shows four hours have passed; it’s dark outside.  At first he’s a little confused as to where he is, but as soon as he sits up and looks out the huge plate glass window over the Vegas Strip, it all rushes back.  His heartbeat starts to even out.
“Oh.  Well I know a guy.  Got a bunch of places in LIC.  I’ll set up a meeting.”
“Natasha—“ Steve starts, making like he’s going to come help, but Natasha shakes her head sharply at him.
He’s spent so long assuming that Steve could never be his that it’s actually overwhelming to think that that might not be true.
Instead, he finds Steve, standing over the stove.  It’s been over two months since the whole crew moved in yet seeing any of them in the house still registers as a surprise.
Tony actually slaps his worktable in triumph when Rhodey finally -
“Sorry.”  He feels his face heat and Bucky chuckles lightly, shaking his head.
There’s just…so much.  Too much.
“It’s actually very interesting but I think I’m wiped out, gonna head for bed.”  He gathers his things, pausing to give both Clint and Sam a weighted look clearly meant to telegraph
Steve opens to him easily, melting in his arms. Tony can feel the tension ebbing from Steve’s entire body, taut muscles relaxing underneath his roving hands. He sighs softly as Tony angles his head deeper, slides his tongue inside, and presses closer.
Even so, Steve suspects the slightest noise will still wake her in alarm, so he moves carefully when he folds himself into the seat beside Bucky.
“I think I do,” Steve admits aloud for the first time. Though he’s known it for a while, it’s still kind of a revelation. “I just…I think…” He screws up the courage and finds the words. “I want Bucky to make me come while I’m looking in your eyes. God, Tony. I…I want you to hold me, and touch me, while he fucks me. Does that make me
He can no longer access FRIDAY’s network after that.
He’s so earnest that Tony’s natural instinct is to poke fun, and he steps in close, patting the center of Steve’s chest, right where the star of his uniform usually lays.
“So can we just get past what we lost, then?  ‘Cause if we don’t, we’re not going to have anything left, Steve.  I can’t deal with that; these past nine months have been hell without my best friend.”
“I kissed you back,” Steve says to nothing but air, bringing his fingers to his still tingling lips.  “You kissed me and I kissed you back.”
“I already called Tony about it. Wanted to make sure he really meant what he wrote there.”
Tony stops just inside the kitchen, taking in the sight of Steve sitting at the counter. The late morning light streams in through the windows and catches in Steve’s golden hair and makes his pale skin glow. He’s wearing one of Tony’s faded grey MIT t-shirts—Tony’s clothes fit his smaller form better than his own, now—and a pair of loose navy blue sweat pants.
“Well, you know he’s working on that…thing, with the thing and the…” Steve tries, but gives up.  Tony always knows what Bruce is actually working on; to Steve they may as well be speaking a foreign language.  Tony smiles at him, amused by Steve at a loss.
“It feels pretty dangerous right here, too.” Steve retorts.
“Of course I hated you.” Tony rolls his eyes. “You were everything to him. He was chasing you all over the goddamned world, gone for months at a time…” He frowns, lips pulling tight. “And when you came back, and you were you again? You knew him in a way I never could. Fuck it, Bucky, if we’re finally being honest with each other here, I wanted to blast you through a wall. I was so fucking jealous.”
“Might have gotten a little excited during my shower too,” Tony admits, rolling his hips backward to urge Steve on. He guides one of Steve’s hands to his groin. “Considering that was less than an hour ago, take
“How about we make a trade. I’ll tell you anything you want if you just tell me one thing…and answer me honestly.”
Not so amazing now.
“I wasn’t
“Yeah. You and me,” Steve repeats, and lets himself sink into Tony’s kiss.
“Did you just picture Rogers with feathered hair and short shorts?”
“Which one? How many cars do you have?” The question seems impertinent the way he asks it, which Steve automatically regrets. He doesn’t mean to be rude, even if he’s not entirely sure he wants to be here. “I mean…”
“I work here, sir.”
Steve doesn’t take his hand.
“You do realize I
Janet Van Dyne is the most sought-after costume designer next to Edith Head, and she’s been staying with a friend in the apartments across the street for two weeks now. Steve tries not to listen to gossip, but it’s been everywhere that she and Hank Pym, her actor husband, are on the outs and quite possibly heading for a scandalous divorce.
“I take it he’s not always this lovely?” Bucky smirks.  “I don’t really know the man.  And apart from the couple of scans and tests he’s run so far on this messed up mind of mine, I haven’t spent much time with him.”
“I will make sure to do so, sir.”
There’s a beat of silence and surprise as everyone realizes Bucky’s joined in, causing a hiccup in the rhythm of the conversation, but Steve quickly recovers.
“Yes you can.”  Tony picks up a 2H from a nearby glass of pencils and hands it to Steve along with a sketchpad.  “You should really commemorate this moment.”
“Good man.” He taps the open notebook in front of them, getting back to business. “So what else you got for me?”
?” She tosses him her phone, hitting him square in the chest. Tony fumbles for a second in catching it, but once he has it in hand he quickly recognizes the image on screen.
? – in the corner.  He points to the wooden cabinet.  “Really?”
And then like that, the most perfect man Tony has ever seen is walking away.
“Right now?”
“I had to schlep all the way down to Target on 34th - me in a
“Bucky teases you like he’s your older brother,” she comments, and Steve smiles wryly.
He puts the bottles of water back into the refrigerator and closes the door slowly.  The whole floor is quiet enough that he can hear the whir of the ice machine working inside the freezer.  The AC clicks on then, cool air seeping from the vents high above his head.
“Hey, I gave you your own floor, Barnes, you can eat there,” Tony retorts, grimacing as Steve pulls out and bends to pick up his towel.  He resituates Tony’s underwear on his hips, covering him up.  He’s blushing bright, bright red as he grabs the dishtowel from by the sink and throws it over the come-streaked countertop.  “And have you ever heard of knocking?”
Watching the man fall, he’d found himself letting go of the ship, plummeting after him into the icy water of the river.  The man was sinking, slipping into unconsciousness.  Somewhere between the helicarrier and the water, he’d let go.  Maybe even before that, when he lay there and let his face be pummeled by angry fists.
They’re really just swaying together now, rocking slowly back and forth.  It’s not complicated like the dances he used to watch from the sidelines, the ones Bucky could do with ease.  Tony probably knows harder steps, could show him if he asked, but Steve’s happy like this, not really learning anything but how to be close to someone.
“Tony, fuck,” Steve moans, burying his face against Tony’s neck. “God.”
An old song is playing on the stereo.  It echoes across the alleyway and finds him on his rooftop.  It distracts him momentarily from his mission, sending a jolt of
“When I was a kid, I was nearly always sick in the winter.  Hell, I was sick all the time, but winter especially.  All the other kids were out having fun, building forts and sledding and having snowball fights…I would’ve given anything to be out there with them.”
The one Bucky loved.
“Go ahead and publish them. Run them front page on your dirty rag. You’re vastly overestimating how much I care about my reputation or Tony's.” Steve bites out, trying to keep the telltale waver from his voice. Loki grins at him as if he sees right through him.
“Well you need to eat.” Is the only explanation Steve gets.
Perplexingly, Nigel pauses along the back wall. Steve glances at Tony as they stop beside one another; it may just be the low light of the cellar, but Tony’s eyes are wide and dark. He’s already breathing slightly fast, however, and Steve doesn’t think he can attribute that to the location.
"And what should I have said instead?”
*******
Steve leans into it, and Bucky’s deft metal fingers brush gently through the thin strands of his hair.
“Put your seatbelt on, Rogers.”
“I just remembered.  I have to be anywhere but here.” Clint bolts, knocking over his empties as he goes.  One of the bottles rolls until it hits the remnants of the coffee table.
Steve smiles a little at that, but the kind of smile that’s grateful but disbelieving.
“Looks like the Starks are comin’ back to Hollywood,” Bucky announces as he barrels in through the front door.  He tosses a folded newspaper directly at Steve’s face.  Steve can’t help but startle, and the line of his drawing jerks askew.  Bucky flops onto the sofa with a self-satisfied smirk. He loosens his tie and then unbuttons his shirt collar, making himself perfectly comfortable.
Steve nods.
“Tony…”
It’s a short drop into the pond.
off his face.
Tony can’t bring himself to say so.   Steve’s usually so polite and conscientious that he thinks maybe he won’t have to, but Steve stays put where he is.
“Did he whoop your ass
He shifts, spreading his legs just a little, and rubs a hand over his knee to distract himself from the need to inappropriately touch Steve in front of the entire team.  He’s sure he and Steve will have their fair share of problems as they continue on – after all, he’s
Tony smirks, noticing that even in his apology, Steve didn’t actually profess a change of opinion about the Tower.
Tony has stepped away from his pumpkin and rounded in on Steve, messy hands extended.  Steve sets down his knife and backs away from Tony’s attempt to wipe them down the front of his shirt.  He doesn’t move fast enough, probably because he doesn’t
It’s a beautiful sight, but Tony tears his gaze away to take in something else just as pretty. Steve’s dick is hard and warm in his hold, though it had already been standing at attention on its own, pressing urgently up toward Steve’s stomach. He’s impressively long and thick enough that Tony has a moment’s pause about his earlier declaration – but only a moment. Steve’s going to fill Tony up so deep and stretch him so wide, and god, does Tony want that. Steve’s balls are full and tight to his body and frustratingly as symmetrical as the rest of him; his hair is a much darker shade of blonde than what’s on his head, and it’s well-groomed, carefully shaved and trimmed in a manner that leaves Tony wondering if Steve came to meet him tonight hoping for this to happen. It thrills him to think so.
is having more sex than Tony and Steve.”
“Don't be a baby and get yourself all wound up over nothing. You said yourself the ending doesn't work, and it seems to me you came here looking for Steve's opinion in the first place.”
“Your handle on American literature aside…is everything all right?”
He sets to work, giving Tony minimal attention, and eventually Tony leaves.
Bucky stares at him for a moment, face pale, and Tony wonders why the hell he looks so surprised.  There’s no way that either he or Steve could’ve thought their relationship was a secret – neither of them are dumb.
to be grated Parmesan.  The container joins the tableaux with typical Darcian flourish.  “Dinner is served.”
Steve sets down his spoon and gives Bucky a warning look, but his friend isn’t paying him any attention. He and Jan are smirking at each other, apparently both very entertained by their exchange.
“I really feel like I shouldn’t have to tell you to be careful in here.”
“You shouldn’t believe everything you read, Wilson.” Steve flips the paper over with a grimace.
The teakettle is near boiling, steam billowing in front of Steve’s face, but the man keeps staring intently into space.
before.  I’ve had just about every adjective in the world thrown at me.  But never that one.  Hurts a little.  Stings.  Gotta be honest.”
“See, all cool.” Tony announces. Steve turns to go, looking unsure, folding the dirty shirt over his arm. Tony
“What would you do, after he left?” Tony asks. The question takes this conversation somewhere else that Tony hadn’t intended, but he can’t deny that everything Steve is saying isn’t having an effect. On any ordinary day, merely listening to Steve’s deep voice turns him on—sometimes he seriously has Steve read aloud to him as foreplay, the evening usually ending with Tony prying the book from Steve’s hands and crawling into his lap to kiss him senseless. Hearing him recount these sexually charged yet ultimately frustrated, futile moments with Bucky has left Tony with a confused but excited feeling twisting frantically in his gut and his cock thickening between his thighs. “Were you hard, did you touch yourself?”
“That bad, huh. See, I wouldn’t know. Steve won’t say boo about anybody. Not even Tony Stark.” Steve shoots Bucky a look over his shoulder, cottoning on to what Bucky’s doing—going on a fishing expedition. He’s been wary of Tony from the start, and that suspicion only grew worse once Steve decided to star in Tony’s picture.
“I’m more than just the suit.”  The words touch on the uncomfortable memory of Steve Rogers sneering down at him, contempt poisonous in his voice.  Tony shrugs it off, setting his mind to thinking of the myriad ways he is still more than useful.  “I can be involved without actually, y’know,
“Uh, well…” Tony comes all the way out onto the landing, shoving his hands into his front pockets.  “I know you got the kids in the divorce and all, so I just wanted to make sure that it was cool I was here.  It was Pepper’s idea.  So…blame her.”
Clint meets him at the elevator, taking over for the SHIELD agent who’d carted him to the Tower.  Clint’s walking with a limp, a bandage on his left bicep peeking out from underneath his black t-shirt, but he doesn’t appear bothered by the injuries and he doesn’t offer an explanation as Steve eyes him with concern.
Next to him, Steve echoes his sigh.
They follow, but at a slightly slower pace that allows the manager some distance ahead. Steve dares to press close along Tony’s side, grabbing his wrist momentarily to get his attention.
Without thinking, he extends his hand halfway across the table, resting it against the pristine white linen with his palm up. It’s not as if Tony can take it, but they both see the gesture for what it is.
After a few minutes of that, he goes about getting himself together. He makes a checklist in his mind: smooth the hair, straighten the bowtie, fix the buttons on his vest. He runs the tap as cold as it will go and bends to splash his face.
He stands there just outside the doorway, as if already one step from leaving. His face is stoic, and his usually expressive eyes are shielded behind a dark pair of aviator sunglasses. The line of his body is ramrod straight, broad shoulders stiff and his hands in the pockets of his dark brown plaid trousers. The thin cashmere fabric of his light brown sweater clings to chest in such a sinful way that for a moment Tony thinks he must have dressed this way precisely to remind Tony of what he is missing.
He doesn’t want to deal but it’s there, and it’s all shouting at him incessantly, a cacophony impossible to ignore.
“Tony…” Steve sighs, but Tony shakes his head. He slides one arm around Steve’s neck, and brings his other hand to Steve’s mouth. He presses three fingers softly over his lips, hushing him.
“I think that’s our cue to leave.”  He grabs Steve’s hand and stands up.  He digs out his wallet and tosses more than enough money down for their share of the bill and tip.  “Excuse me, but I simply
Tony pulls himself from the mire of self-doubt and grins at Steve as he sits down across from him.  Steve has a polite Cub Scout Leader smile on his face from interacting with the good common folk, and it lasts for a moment longer before slowly fading.
Suddenly Steve is picking him up, lifting him like he’s nothing at all. His legs wrap around Steve’s waist tightly as Steve sets him on the counter, pinning him there with his weight.
“I take it you know, then.”
“Bruce, you can’t be okay with Tony using you as a threat.” Pepper steps in between him and Bruce as the two of them reach the elevator, keeping Bruce from joining Tony.
and Steve feels like he should have a better response than the small shrug he offers.
“Oh, so
Steve shrugs a little, giving up, and sits down on the bed.
“It’s different though.  I got hijacked, taken out for a joyride, and returned not much worse for wear…comparatively.  I mean, I was under Loki’s control for less than a week – your pal’s been in and out of commission for what, like, sixty, seventy years?  From what I’ve gathered, his whole engine got rewired and most of his parts got swapped or replaced.  Kinda looks like the same car outside but inside…not so much.”
“Quite unique.” Bruce says diplomatically, taking a seat on a stool beside Thor and opening up the academic journal he’d brought down with him.  He shoots a confused look at Tony, who mouths back
“And you still think everything’s a joke.”
“No, I meant Steve.”
“Happy, this woman is going to run circles around you, you don’t deserve her!”
“Okay.”  Tony grinds out, putting some space back between them.  “Well if you ever decide to overhaul that 1940s tendency to unhealthily repress your huge amounts of man pain, Banner’s a
“I despise you, Steven Rogers.” Wanda wags a finger at him. “You and your pleasant attitude.”
.  A strip of photos catches Tony’s attention.  It must be from a photo booth on the boardwalk at Coney Island, because Tony can’t imagine where else they would have found one these days.  He has no idea how four people crammed into one of those tiny spaces, but they seemed like they’d had fun trying.
“Alright man, but I gotta go ‘cross the bridge and go up through the city rather than take the expressway and hit the tunnel.  East side’s still a mess over there from all that crazy alien Avengers shit.  Gonna cost you extra.”
"At least it was the last show of the run.  I had someone over there to fix that huge hole in the stage by the next morning, they should be back in tip-top shape before
“Ow, by the way.” Steve pushes her hand away with a mock scowl. He then realizes he has the perfect opening to make his own case. “If you’re no man’s, can we agree that I’m no woman’s? Please? Meaning no more surprise Darcy Lewises?”
They look at each other, both seeming like they’re going to speak, but then look away. Bucky chuckles, then sighs.
“I guess I can see that. Probably loses its appeal once you’ve been a Capsicle.”
*******
“Parquet Courts.  Not that impressed with it.” She mumbles off-handedly, her attention not leaving Clint’s upset face.  “What’s wrong?”
“Then maybe you and I need to take a break.  Take some time apart so you can think about what you really want.”
Despite his orgasm, he’s still hard inside Tony, and he pushes his hips in small, tentative thrusts as he and Tony kiss. He whimpers and Tony curses breathlessly. He’s oversensitive and he knows Tony must be too, but he doesn’t want the feeling to end. He chases after the last currents of pleasure as they ebb away.
While he must admit Steve’s superhero body certainly was the first thing that had attracted Tony, way back when they first met, he’s sure beyond a doubt now that he’s in love with
“I could deal with you and Steve when…god, Tony, I was even happy for you, I was. I swear it. Because
Then Tony abruptly pulls away and it all collapses back into a confusing heap.
“I do.”  Steve feels oddly like he’s reassuring Tony of pure intentions toward Natasha, like Tony thinks Natasha’s misjudged this time and is expecting Steve to prove him right in his doubts.  Steve considers which path he should take with this and opts to take the one that leads back to Tony.  “She was wrong about you, though.”
“You know what I mean, Rogers.”  Tony actually sounds a little peeved.  Steve would never say it aloud, but he’s a little relieved that he’s not the only one who prefers it when it’s just the two of them, lazing on the couch side by side for hours while Tony guides him through seventy years of cinematic history.
“Blasphemer.  L.A.”
“This morning I was an ass.” Tony pushes his sunglasses up off his nose, perches them on the top of his head. It leaves him squinting in the sunlight like Steve had been before he turned from the water. “I pushed too hard. I do that. You should know that about me right now, up front. I’m not likely to change. Lord knows I’ve tried.”
in love with him.”
While he’s never been comfortable with sitting in the back alone with the driver up front – he’s a poor kid from Brooklyn and that whole class division reeks of snobbery – he’s stuck here now next to Tony’s driver in the small front cab of the coupé, and sitting beside someone demands conversation. He can’t think of a single thing to say to the man.
“Everything’s fine.” Tony smiles tightly. The last thing he wants to get into right now is an argument with his old girlfriend about his current love life, especially when his current love life is potentially expanding to include another person. Another person who has been calling him ever since take-off, and who Tony may or may not be actually ready to talk to.
“You’ve got yourself a good group of friends,” Bucky comments.
“Can we do another casting call?”
“I never liked arguing with you.”
“I’m not just thinking with my cock, if that’s what you’re worried about.” Tony’s smirk grows wider. “I thought you would be perfect for the role the second we met, long before we fell into bed.”
“Wasn’t sure of that for awhile. Didn’t know me. But I knew you.”
“That’s gonna read as downright garish on screen,” Dugan says, as if this is a new revelation.
So what if Bucky’s alive but doesn’t want to see him.  He should be thrilled over the fact of Bucky’s survival alone.  It defies logic.  And while it would be indescribably amazing to have his best friend back, let alone back here in
!”   He groans again as he enthusiastically shoves another piece into his still full mouth, earning him a few looks from people sitting around them.
“Oh, god, Tony, I
“Vegas?”
Bucky is trying to be gentle, but everything about the way he’s moving speaks to a man very cautiously holding back. His hands are in Steve’s hair, but they’re careful not to tug too hard. Bucky urges his hips upward to push into Steve’s willing mouth, but he’s slow about it, and not too deep. Steve briefly considers urging Bucky to let loose, because he knows he can take it, but then he thinks maybe that’s better left for a later time.
to him, Rogers?”
Steve takes the boxes and falls into step beside Tony, wishing that he wasn’t carrying a thing so he could take Tony’s hand.  They move through the hallway and foyer at a brisk pace; Tony’s wired, brimming with energy.
“I’m going to go take a shower.” He tosses over his shoulder, already on his way down the hall.
“He was acting in your own best interest.  He said something about that being within his parameters.”  Steve doesn’t look in the least bit ashamed of breaking Tony’s protocols and using his AI to do it.
“You never once wanted a pony.”
Bucky looks at him for a moment but then moves his own right hand to take Steve’s. He has to move closer to do it comfortably, and that brings his other hand nearer to Steve’s head.
Miss Van Dyne glances across the street and realizes that she’s not without an audience. Instead of ducking away, she waves good morning to him as if they know each other and then elegantly saunters inside.
“Adonis would look at him with envy.” Tony interjects, the correction important to make.
But his and Tony’s ideas of
But that’s assuming he makes it out of here alive.  First things first.
“Because nothing says
“What did he do?” Steve asks, more to himself than to Bucky, and quickly scans the short, to-the-point directive for Bucky to basically do with Steve as he pleases. He shakes his head, his laugh a mixture of bitter disbelief and reluctant amusement over Tony’s gall. “Christ almighty, Tony.”
“Oh did you?” Tony smells a lie, but if Fury wants to hamstring him into offering the newbie a place here too, he’ll need to ask politely and with the proper paperwork.  Making Fury jump through bureaucratic hoops and dodge red tape is delicious payback, and since Pepper deals with all the paperwork it’s a win-win as far as he’s concerned.
“Christmas come early.”
“I guess it doesn’t matter what I think, right? I mean…Loki Laufeyson is certainly a
“It’s a beautiful place,” Sam replies as Tony leads them all out of the foyer and toward the dining room.  “I always thought this joint was a museum or something.”
“It’s encouraging that your grasp of technology is improving, Cap, but no.” He starts distractedly leafing through Steve’s drawings again.  It takes everything Steve’s got not to grab his sketchbook from Tony’s hands.  “Bruce told me.”
“Well now I know what to get you for Christmas, Barnes.  That and a new personality.”
He breathes a faint sigh of relief when he sees the blond man moving before he suddenly realizes he is moving toward
“Hmph,” Tony grunts.  “You guys have had, what, three calls since the Battle of New York?”  Steve nods.  “And you never once thought to yourself that things would be easier if Iron Man were around?”
He just cries.
“But he didn’t see mine!” Darcy exclaims. “For god’s sake, Jane, you’re in public relations, yet you couldn’t smooth the way a little? Talk me up, sell the goods.”  She fluffs her curly brown hair, then adjusts the off-the-shoulder straps of her red dress, pulling the whole ensemble
“Hey yourself.”  Tony replies. He presses his hand to the mattress as if testing the springs, and then he shrugs a little, waiting for Steve to ask him why he’s here, tell him to get out,
“Do you enjoy working as an Avenger?”
“Don’t think I’d be like this if it wasn’t with you,” Steve murmurs, rotating his hips as he thrusts.  Tony tightens around him, giving as good as he gets and making Steve moan.  “Never expected it to be this way.”
Tony dares to hope that they can make this night last long enough to find out.
“You used to like arguing with me a lot more.”
“Oh.”
For the next five hours, Steve is audience to Natasha and Clint swapping stories and trading shots.  It’s easy, and it’s clear they’re meaning to entertain, not pressing him to talk.   The tales they tell are simpler versions of tangled messes.  Highlight reels of the good stuff they care to remember while leaving the rest of it carefully untouched in the dark.  He can recognize a whitewash when he sees one.  He’s done it often enough himself.
Steve crosses his arms over his chest and stares at the elevator doors, his reflection a dull, blurry shadow on the polished steel.  He holds back his sigh of relief as the car slows to a gentle stop, announcing its arrival at the main floor with a soft
Tony’s out the door, closing it behind him and leaving Steve alone.
“Oh, interesting is too boring a word for Tony.” Jan laughs, pulling out her cigarette case. Bucky gives her a light, and then follows suit with a cigarette of his own. Steve cranks open the window over the sink to let in some more fresh air. Between the simmering spices and the billowing cigarette smoke, he can feel his chest tightening up.
Tony nods; stepping clear as Thor swings his hammer and then takes off.  He watches until the god is indistinguishable from the dark sky.  Fury commands their attention.
Tony starts pulling up all the background information he can on Sam, using Extremis to run through it and highlight any pertinent or compelling facts.  Another New York City boy, born and raised in Harlem.  Twenty-nine.  Once a street thug, now he’s all reformed, a good little social worker doing community outreach in New York’s toughest areas.  He also keeps pigeons on the roof of his building as some kind of neighborhood project for the kids, like he’s some kinda Terry Malloy.
Like something torn open, a deep gash ripped by serrated edges.  Still bleeding.
“What? What makes you think I did something?” Tony protests. She sets aside her legal notepad and carefully twists her pen closed, putting it in the inside pocket of her perfectly tailored navy blue blazer.
“Call me on my cell if you need anything.”  And there would’ve been the perfect opportunity to just spit it out – say
The wood ceiling feels about one hundred feet high and three sides of the room are built with floor to ceiling windows, asymmetrically and artistically separated into panes by smooth, golden warm planks of pine.  The large fireplace is already lit somehow, even though they only just walked in.
He must fall asleep because the next thing he knows, he’s being gently shaken awake.  Clint’s hand is on his shoulder and his smile is genuine as he holds out a mug full of fresh coffee.
“We’ve never officially met, but yes, hello, Captain.”  Pepper gives Tony a strange, suspicious look and shrugs off his over eager greeting.  She offers her hand to Steve, exuding that welcoming warmth that Tony treasures her for.
“He is,” Pepper pipes up.
“You’re a good guy, Steve.”  Clint bumps his shoulder and offers his free hand to help Steve up from the couch.  Steve doesn’t really need any assistance but he takes Clint’s hand anyway, takes the coffee too.
.  I-“
“Well, there was that dame in Itter who wasn’t actually a dame.”
“I’m not done, I –” Sam nods his head toward the exit exaggeratedly, eyes widening at Clint.  “Oh.  Yeah.  Right, tell ‘em we’re out there.”
“You glad to be seeing the other side of this?” Sam asks, taking a short sip and raising his eyebrows at Steve over the rim of his glass. Steve takes a much longer drink, draining it near down to empty. Sam’s eyebrows climb higher. “Or maybe not?”
Steve steps forward, carefully hitting his mark as to not cast Wanda’s face in shadow, and then wraps his hands around her slim waist to pull her closer. Just as he’s about to bend to kiss her, a 1K Fresnel blows with a loud pop and sizzle, rendering the flag that’s providing Wanda’s eye light utterly useless.
“You pay me to do my job, Mr. Stark. And if that necessitates a little massaging of the truth now and again to get you where you need to be,
Steve freezes, knowing that the outline of his body must be perfectly visible through the nearly sheer fabric.
“Don’t you think in the lower register she sounds like Aimee Mann…like, if Aimee Mann weren’t miserable?”
“Tony…” Steve whispers back warningly, covering Tony’s searching hand with his own and stopping it from moving somewhere it shouldn’t.
“Caught me on a good day,” Bucky jokes, but he doesn’t smile.  “I’m not who I am all the time, Steve.  Might not be me tomorrow.  Might not be me ever again.”
“Well we’re supposed to meet up with-“
is on the tip of his tongue but it won’t fall all the way over, instead remaining silent there just before the point of speech.
“Shouldn’t you be telling me what to do?”
“I’ve never tried, I wouldn’t know.” Steve looks up at the ceiling, praying for patience.
“We’ll put them up next to that nude portrait you’re doing of me.”  Tony actually slaps his butt as he walks by.  Steve freezes and feels his face heat, both because of the gesture and Tony’s words.
“Among other reasons.  PTSD has a variety of lovely symptoms.”  Tony grimaces.  “But for me it’s mostly anxiety.  Nightmares, panic attacks, those kind of things.”
“Don’t you look disgruntled, Mr. Rogers.”
Instead of waiting for Steve to reply, Tony allows his desire to win out.  He dips down and takes Steve’s mouth, eager and insistent.  Steve gives himself over to it with no protest.  He lets Tony’s tongue slide along his, a small whimper escaping that tells Tony that Steve’s more than willing.
“Sometimes, I…” Steve starts, and then hesitates. Tony rubs his arm soothingly, presses a kiss to his neck to reassure him.
Steve glowers as Tony tries to sober up, bending down and offering Steve a hand.  It’s petty, but Steve grabs it quickly and pulls forward before he has time to think about what he’s doing.  Tony tumbles into the pond beside him.  The splash is gratifying.
“C’mon.”  Tony breaks the moment by patting Steve’s cheek, pulling away.  “If I was cold before, I’m fucking freezing now.”  He stands up and waits for Steve to follow him.  “That pond’s dangerous, I should fill it in with concrete and dance on its grave.”
Pepper gestures toward where Tony had been sitting earlier, but when the crowd parts, Steve finds that Tony’s no longer in his line of sight.
“I don’t know.”
“You might be less excited once you discover how Fitzgerald is being interpreted in the twenty-first century, Cap.”
“You’re such a dick.” Steve’s retort is muffled as he bewilderingly moves closer to Tony, practically snuggling against his side.
“Tony.”  His name again.  Steve has this way of saying it that sounds like both a plea and an order.  Tony doesn’t know how that’s possible and he knows why most everything is possible.
“Guess I have you to thank for that.” Bucky states, but he didn't mean to sound so put out. He
“Me, I was nothing but bad luck.  He was always stuck digging me out of scrapes, savin’ my ass when some bully had me cornered…can’t think of how many dates ‘a his I ruined because he insisted his dame bring a friend so I could tag along.  You shoulda seen those poor gals’ faces – expecting a setup with a good lookin’ guy like Buck and then looking over, lookin’ down, seeing me.”  He chuckles, but Tony doesn’t.  “Anyway.  Point is, Bucky’s had a million and one reasons to turn his back on me.  Things would’ve been a helluva lot easier for him if he had.  But he never did.  Not once.”
“Mr. Stark. Mr. Stark?”
“And here I thought I smelled manly.”  Steve actually chuckles so Tony marks it down as a win.
“Get changed outta those rags and meet me at the main gate, darling.” Janet looks him up and down. She unclasps her purse and pulls out her cigarette case, plucking one out with her white-gloved fingers and placing it between her lips. “Next picture, we gotta get you a part that lets me dress you up real nice.”
“It’s like
.  He supposes the man’s so used to being misunderstood that it’s going to be a long time before he stops with the constant pushback, the insistence on acting the outcast even in a room full of outcasts.
He and Tony can watch his choice later.
“I think I liked you much better when you weren’t officially part of the team,” Tony comments.  “Give you an inch, you take a mile.”
Steve loses his footing and steps forward to adjust, and Tony automatically reaches out to steady him.  A hand on his muscled thigh, another inadvertently grabbing his ass, and Tony thanks whatever powers that be that he gets this man all to himself.  His hands linger, happily giving Steve a squeeze.
, John Hughes and the Brat Pack,
“Tony.  Can you…” Steve stares at him, holding up both his hands like he wants to grab hold of something but isn’t sure what.  “Can you just stay still for a second?”
“Why would that be?” Steve inquires. “Did you want to apologize for all of the insinuations about Miss Van Dyne and myself?”
“Are you coming?”
Loki’s polished shoes click on the tile as he saunters past Tony and out the door.
“You said I would be able to see him?”  Steve prompts Fury, who nods once and pulls a remote out of the inside pocket of his black coat.  He presses a button and a video feed starts streaming over the center of the table, the rundown of Bucky’s information and vital stats running along the right side of the camera link to his cell.
Steve steps into the theater, slowly walking down the small flight of stairs. He doesn’t join Tony among the seats, instead leaning against the wall opposite where Tony stands.
“Haven’t given it much thought.  Get you to stay in bed past six am?  That would take some work.”  Tony laughs.  “What’s yours?”
“Damn it!”  Steve mutters, taking the kettle off with his left hand while he shakes the right.  Tony hurries to the sink and turns on the cold tap.
“Pray, tell, dear Tony, what brings you back to this fair city?  We have much missed you in your long absence.”  Thor’s coming in for a hug, he’s got missile lock, and Tony ducks out of the way just in time.
Steve swallows hard and turns away quickly, not wanting Tony to see him looking.
“Tony…” Steve breathes, and Tony throws his head back against the wall, letting Steve’s lips sear a path down the arch of his neck.  They’re going to be amazing together.  If he’d known it would be this easy to fall into, he would’ve taken the risk sooner.
Fury points to the empty stool to Steve’s right, the only seat Steve can mark as empty in the joint.
Steve pivots slightly and glances at him. Tony can’t see Steve’s expression quite clearly, but the line of his jaw is tense.
“Because I don’t think I ever have.” Tony forces himself to look at Steve now.  He looks devastated, which Tony’s not sure he understands.  “I really mean it, don’t look at me like that.”
a time when they couldn’t stand each other?” Bruce inquires, leaning back in his chair to allow the waitress to reach over him and fill his coffee.  Tony gives Bruce his attention, curious, because he can certainly remember a time when he and Steve were at each other’s throats constantly, kept from writing each other off only by a shared group of friends that necessitated moving in the same circle.
“Good.”  Bucky puts his hand on the curved root of the pumpkin, metal fingers tapping the hard surface.  “But if he hurts you, Steve…I swear I’m gonna hurt him back.”
“I’m sorry," Tony starts, still figuring out what
Steve clenches his fists at his sides and tries to block Tony out, closing his eyes tightly.  Tony’s words are shredding him, because Tony hadn’t been lying about tearing him apart.  The man knows what he’s doing.  He knows exactly where it hurts the most.
“Oh geez.”  The knife slips, cutting into what’s supposed to be Iron Man’s chest plate.  He glances at Tony, expecting to find his boyfriend chuckling over his embarrassment, but Tony doesn’t look all that amused.  Tony gives Bucky a strange, almost guilty sideways look, but Bucky’s attention is carefully trained on the floor.  Steve can’t see his expression and for that he’s glad.  He doesn’t really want to know what Bucky thinks about him and Tony; it’s a conversation that could only be awkward and unproductive.
did, you shouldn’t assume it was my fault.”
Tony had woken up Steve a few times like this himself, rutting against him in the early morning light, and now Tony knows why Steve would always come so fast and so hard when he did it. Part of him feels hurt by this, betrayed that those quiet morning moments weren’t entirely about the two of them, but another part is aroused by the fact that in the end,
Tony hadn't, in fact, seen it, as he's been studiously avoiding thinking about Steve whenever possible. He can't help the jump of panic in his stomach at the mention of him, and he hopes he manages to school his face into disinterest.
Bucky is absent when Steve joins the others in the living room and the open window signals where he’s gone.
“I don’t know.  Maybe.  We haven’t said.”
“Fuck, you two are beautiful.” Bucky says louder, and in English, and Tony confidently returns to what he was doing.
“Speaking of getting your own, Pepper, I invited an old friend of yours to stop on by tonight, it looks like he just arrived.”
“You do need more musicals here,” Clint nods to Thor’s point.
on New York hot shots swanning into Hollywood thinking they can fix it.” Natasha cuts in, rolling her eyes, evidently familiar with Bucky’s diatribes from other occasions. She saunters toward Steve and takes a seat on the armrest beside him. Her long fingers curl over his shoulder, her arm a reassuring weight against his back. Her position might seem improper and casual, perhaps even too intimate, if taken by someone else, but she makes it look perfectly acceptable.
With great difficulty, Steve manages to swing around and get his feet flat on the floor, hoping that if he can ground himself, make the room stop spinning, then he can get his mind set straight. Putting his head in his hands, fingers fiercely clutching at his hair, he tries to think.
“I was hardly an actor
“This is indeed a delicacy,” Thor announces, obviously pleased as punch.  “We have no such dish in all of Asgard.  These Italians you speak of must be masters of the Midgardian culinary arts!”
“Tony, it’s not midnight yet.”
Satisfied they had what they needed to engineer their own serum, their next forced assignment for Dr. Ross was to fashion an antidote of sorts, to make a final test of him by seeing if they could undo everything.  Something as powerful as a super soldier needs a check in place; needs a kill switch.  Steve has no doubts that if Dr. Ross hadn’t gotten him out when she did, they would have ended him and they would have made her be the one to do it.
before. Tony is a mentor, has even become a friend. But Steve…
“Is there anything worthwhile even left on St. Mark’s these days?  Fucking Pinkberry,” Natasha snipes venomously.  “And there’s a god damn Jamba Juice in the Bowery, what the hell.”
“When did Cap get a motorcycle?”
“Forget I said that. Just...what happened.” Bucky asks flatly, since Steve's disgruntled tone made it so obvious that something did. “And why the hell do your clothes smell like coconut.”
Steve also seemed designed as his exact contradiction, from the big things – Steve firmly Green Party, while Tony refused to vote on the principle that the whole system was corrupt – to the tiny things, like how Steve swore by Stereogum and Tony was diehard Pitchfork.  They argued about everything.
“Do you want to go home?  I’m sure seeing Pepper would go a long way to making you feel better right now.”
“I still don’t have a telephone,” he points out, gesturing around the tiny room.
“Self-sabotage keeps things interesting.”
“I know. And you’re good at it, or I wouldn’t have hired you. But you could do more. We could do more. Together.” Tony drums his hands on the edge of the table and then points at him. “Much more.”
“Seems like it,” Tony replies tightly, grimacing. He lifts his head to look up at Steve, his expression unchanging. “Having a party, are we?”
“You manage so well,” Jan observes, and Steve braces himself for Bucky’s reaction, not sure what to expect. Most folks don’t go ahead and comment on his injury like that, so bluntly and openly. Bucky, to his credit, winks at her and pours her a glass of wine.
Tony nods to the armed men standing on either side of Bucky. They shove him down to sit.
“The production values may not have been the best, but if you want to talk about presence….” Coulson gestures like that’s enough said.
“Bucky or Natasha?”  Tony inquires as he crawls onto the bed, straddling Steve’s waist.  Steve reaches up and takes the paper.
“Yes, today.”  Steve remains silent, glancing up at him but still seeming lost. “Today…you know…” Tony looks at the date on yesterday’s Times because he doesn’t actually know the date himself.  “Monday, March 4, 2013?  You might be able to keep better track of time if you went to bed once in awhile.”
Tony retreats into his office, pushing the door closed behind him.  At a loss for what to do, feeling like he’s crawling in his own skin, he crosses to the clock on the mantel and winds it, just in case it needs it.
, Patrick Swayze and Tom Cruise,
?” It’s scarcely believable but Tony just nods.
“I’m still me, Steve, I’m only…” Tony sighs, turning away and looking out over the water, “trying to put someone else first for a change.”
Tony picks up his pace and somehow winds up a few steps ahead.  He stops at their door, his key card in the slot and his hand on the knob, and looks back at Steve.
Like most things with Steve, it paradoxically happens against his will yet is entirely his own idea.  In his grand tradition of doing something at one thousand percent or not doing it all, Tony leads Steve anywhere but back to New York.
“Tony, Tony, my dear old friend, I’m afraid you missed
There is a small, heart-shaped birthmark on his forearm. His left tibia had in fact been broken at a young age; this remodeling is evident in current x-rays. Evidently, this injury was from a fall down the front staircase of his apartment building.
“Looks like you all had a good night.” Tony comments, hand curling around the wooden railing as he takes another step up toward Steve.
“I know what you’re cleared to work on and what projects you have checked out.  There’re no flesh-eating viruses or crazy genetic mutation experiments lurking about.”
She gives his fingers a soft squeeze and she smiles; that pinched look primed and ready for disappointment leaves her face for the first time since she sat down.
He’d often seen it as a switch clicking from off to on, a change of heart due to the mind-blowingly amazing sex, but it really wasn’t.  Nothing had changed except his willingness to admit the truth.
Tony pauses, pretending to consider this.
“Catch more flies with honey, Steven,” Sam retorts, smiling back. “More flies with honey. Get that belly full, make ‘em all warm and happy, secrets be spilling like Niagara Falls. Worked with you, didn’t it?”
“So…” Tony adjusts the straw in his cup, pushing around the ice.  He sips the last bit of his soda, pursing his lips and looking at Steve thoughtfully.  “So.  Why the sudden interest in the arc?”
“No, no messages. But you could check with Gert – I mean, Gertrude, the intern up at the production office? She’d handling calls today.”
Oh shit.”  Natasha nods.  “He remembers Steve?”  Natasha nods again.  “I…suppose this changes things?”
“Carol, you sly temptress!” Tony kisses her sloppily on the cheek. It's a testament to her happiness that she lets him do it with barely a roll of her eyes. “You’re the one who took the plunge?”
“We don’t have to.” Steve retorts, but Bucky shakes his head again, more decidedly, and sits up straight. Steve hesitates a moment, then sits up too, his brow furrowing in concern. “Buck?”
“Whoa, sorry, am I interrupting something?”  Tony is kidding, but just barely.  Natasha rolls her eyes before she grins down at Steve and lets him flip her over.  He thinks
“Hill, what the hell do you think you’re doing?”  Fury grabs his radio from his belt and calls for backup, keeping his gun and his good eye trained on Maria Hill and the handcuffed prisoner she has by her side.
aren’t going to call Stark, can I keep this?” She retrieves the business card from Jane’s grasp and examines it. “A big get like Stark for our client list might mean someone might actually have to start paying me to do this job.”
“Well.  I can’t possibly read any more about conic-section interference fringes.”  Bruce closes the journal and takes off his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
“Tony…” Steve wraps his fingers around Tony’s wrist under the pretext of pulling his hand away but instead leaves them there.  He closes his eyes, not wanting to admit how nice it is to have someone touch him like this.  Like they care.
“Steve…” Bucky whispers reverently, already sitting up to get his hands back on him and pull him in. Steve lets himself be moved closer, but only enough to hook his fingers over the waistbands of both Bucky’s jeans and boxers. Bucky lifts his hips and Steve tugs them down over the curve of Bucky’s ass, down his thick thighs and muscular calves, and over his long, elegant feet. His cock, once free, slaps up against his flat abs, hard and leaking and beautiful.
Nick tosses the towel over his shoulder, and then reaches over and pulls Steve’s tumbler from his loose grasp. Steve sputters and Nick briefly mimics his gaping before snapping at him.
“It’s only across the street, darling. Simply a hop, skip, and a jump.” Steve eases her out the door onto the landing even as she tries to hop, skip, and jump her way there.
Steve supposes it’s the fact that Tony is
“It does tonight.” Tony retorts, the statement charged with something darker and more promising than any business offer. A look flashes across his face, so quickly that Steve wonders if he’s imagined it. If it had been real, it had also been unmistakably sexual.
finally over.
– this folder, this target, this mission.  Just a blank space where even he innately knows memories are supposed to be.
“All…right. I suppose that’s the enthusiasm I was looking for…”
“I don’t want to go here without you,” Tony says, more like
Realizing that everyone, Pepper included, is momentarily distracted, Tony slowly starts backing away from the crowd. Sufficiently convinced that no one is paying him any mind whatsoever, he turns heel and slips away as casually as he can.
He doesn’t know Steve well enough to be in love. The very idea of it is ludicrous, irrational.
At least he counts some of his friends among his immediate crew members, a band that stayed together after they returned from the war and hadn’t a clue what to do with their lives. Steve had been their leader in battle, and somehow when back stateside they all just followed him here and asked him to keep right on leading.
“Don’t you have to be up early tomorrow?” Sam changes his angle. “Or is the shoot all wrapped?”
“Your bulletproof logic really fails to astound me, Rogers.”
“Then pray tell, Captain Cryptic, enlighten me as to what you
“Under no circumstances tell that man what this all costs.”  Tony instructs Cynthia, the leggy blonde at the counter who’d turned remarkably friendly when she’d helped Steve find the right fit for the dark blue sweater knit polo he’s now wearing.
But things have shifted now and he can’t look at her the same way.
, as poetic as that is, it’s better not to have a chunk of metal in my chest cavity.”
“You’re an actor, pretend that there is.” Tony retorts, gesturing for Steve to lead the way. Steve sighs, torn between two very distinct types of frustration. Tony’s so impossible, and then Tony is so
“Don’t think I know that one.”
Tony found Steve breathtaking since the moment they’d met, so it’s no shock that something lustful stirs deep inside of him as he looks. But something else tugs at him, something deeper that makes him wonder if it’s possible to fall in love this fast.
*******
But staring at the set of Steve’s sharp jaw and the outline of that slightly crooked nose, Tony knows that it’d be so easy to do it, to adore this man with every inch of his being.
He stops before Steve can get too aroused, knowing it upsets him when he can’t get it up again as fast as he used to. Tony knows his mouth and goatee must be wet and shimmering with spit and come, so he grabs the napkin from by Steve’s plate of now-cold toast and wipes his face clean. Then he takes a sip of his coffee, drowning out the taste of his own come in his mouth, and looks down at his boyfriend splayed out over the kitchen counter.
“My feelings for Tony aren’t going to change,” Steve says as firmly as he can, his voice slipping a little into Captain mode in a way it hasn’t for weeks. This is the one thing he absolutely needs to be crystal clear about, going in.
But then again, when he was small, most people looked at him and didn’t see him at all.
“He lives!”  Darcy shouts, throwing her arms up in a triumphant V and nearly punching Jane in the face.  Luckily Jane’s a quick thinker and ducks, leaving Darcy’s hand to smack uselessly against Thor’s broad chest.  “Stark’s back, Clint you owe me five bucks.”
She studies him awhile longer, still unsure whether or not she believes him, but she eventually sighs and holds out the phone again.
“Guess now I need to swig some cologne.” Steve releases Tony’s hand with a smile and Tony sits up, not giving a damn, and chases the taste that lingers in Steve’s mouth.
He doesn’t bother turning it off. The image is black and white but it’s crisp, and the sound is clear. Steve is on his back, Tony thrusting deep inside of him. Steve is beautiful and if he’s honest, so is Tony, made gorgeous by virtue of how clearly and thoroughly he cares for the man laid bare underneath him. They’re so wrapped up in each other, he probably could have walked right into the room and neither of them would have noticed.
“I’m fine,” Tony reclaims his drink, finishes it with a long swig, and places the empty back in Steve’s grasp.  “But you’re right, it’s late.  I should go.”
actually grateful. Tony has been by Steve’s side nearly every moment, and Bucky’s never seen Steve relent so easily to being taken care of. He’s not scared to be vulnerable with Tony.
“No, Steve, just forget about the role.” Tony faces him completely, reaching out and setting a hand on his forearm. Steve doesn’t draw back, but he does look down to where Tony curls his fingers over his wrist. Tony’s unsure if it’s because he wants Tony to move his hand or leave it there.
“Pepper’s in Japan on business.  And it doesn’t really.”  He doesn’t know why, because theoretically a loved one by his side should be reassuring, but when Pepper sees him like this it only makes him more upset and it all becomes a vicious circle, feeding itself into a bigger frenzy.
“You make it sound so personal, Buck,” Steve chuckles. He contemplates taking a drag of the cigarette, but stubs it out in the overflowing ashtray. Bucky opens the fridge and pulls out a beer, opening it using the edge of the countertop in that way that Steve hates. It gouges the tile and it’s already beat to hell as it is. “It’s not like we’re ever crossing paths with the man.”
“Touching down in a minute, guys.”  Clint announces from the cockpit, reaching upward to flip some switches.  The Quinjet dips lower, slowly descending.  The mansion was not really set up properly to have this thing land on the roof, so that’s just another reason why the tower seems like a good idea.  Tony almost wishes they were going there now, and he could lay Steve out on their brand new bed in the suite he’d designed to share.  He could spend all night whispering victory over every inch of Steve’s body.
Somehow, Natasha’s admission still catches him off guard.  Maybe she falls asleep, maybe she’s just done talking, but she doesn’t say anything more.  This vulnerability she’s been offering him is her way of apologizing.  Tomorrow it’ll all be different.
“Just took a shower,” he murmurs, even as his arms tighten their hold.
Steve loses himself in it entirely. He doesn't know how long they stay like that, wrapped around each other, but when he finally draws back to gasp for air, Bucky looks positively wrecked. His hair is a mess and his skin is flushed and sweaty; his gray-blue eyes are blown wide and his mouth looks used.
The last of Bucky’s clothes hit the carpet with a heavy thud and Steve places his palms on Bucky’s thighs without thinking, smoothing them up toward Bucky’s hips as he climbs back onto the couch and straddles Bucky’s legs. He bends to take Bucky’s cock in his mouth.
“Yeah…said Rogers needed her more.”  The tone of Rhodey’s voice tells Tony that his friend clearly has no idea why Tony finds this so strange.
“You never really punched Hitler in the face, either, did you.”  Tony lowers his voice joke-conspiratorially.  Steve blanches.
*******
“Currently he’s in a meeting with some folks he’s got working on this damn Stark Resilient project of his, but he’s requested that you two, along with Barton, meet him at the old Stark Mansion in half an hour.  Banner’s already there.”
“I didn’t want to do this unless I knew you were really all right with it.” Bucky sounds lighter now, slightly relieved. “I don’t know whether to say thank you or tell you that you’re being a selfless fool.”
*******
“Well maybe it’s time to figure things out, okay?  I need to do this.”
Not having expected such candor, it takes Tony a beat to wrap his mind around what Steve said.   Steve sips his tea in the meantime, watching Tony over the rim of the glass.
Tony presses
“Scotch doesn’t really go well with pizza,” he comments and Steve snorts a little.
But now her smile implies that his distraction had something to do with the handsome mug onscreen, and it truly doesn’t. Not even a little.
“You’re serious?”
Tony knows an invitation when he sees one and follows him over, pausing to gather lube and condoms from the drawer.  There’s a note alongside the packages and he opens the folded paper.
“Hey boss.” Happy shakes his shoulder as Tony pries his eyes open, the bright morning sunlight streaming into the atrium absolutely blinding.
The conversation appears to be over because Hill roughly passes Barnes off to a pair of other agents and he’s whisked off in the blink of an eye.  Fury turns to Hill, his finger out warningly.
Tony stays behind.
“I am a nimble one,” Loki leans in confidingly, like it’s a well-kept secret. “When good old Tony ran off to New York like a scared little child, why, I thought I had missed my golden opportunity.” He pauses as if expecting Steve to interject, but Steve can’t find his voice. Loki clucks his tongue and continues. “I’ve had my suspicions about you two since I heard murmurings of private on-set meetings inside your trailer, mind you, but I never could come up with the goods.”
“Mr. Stark –”
“Because you know that good food makes me happy and you’d do anything to please me.”
From the moment Fury told him that some Russian oil tanker had discovered Captain America deep in the Artic, frozen but against all odds alive, Tony should have counted on this happening.
“I feel like we need to come up with a better contingency plan for this, guys,” Natasha states the obvious.  “Standing here watching him trash the place isn’t accomplishing anything.  It’s not as if he’s going to wear himself out, he can do this for days.”
If the weather clears later, he’ll come back and sketch Poet’s Walk at night.
smarmy.”
His silence continues long enough that Steve has to realize that if anyone’s going to speak, it’ll have to be him.  Steve still waits, seemingly considering something, looking at Tony like he’s some kind of riddle he has to figure out.
It can’t be.  And yet…
“No, I said I was going to find him.  I never said what I was going to do with him after that.”
“What do ya say, Cap – shall we go kick some ass and then get some lunch?”
important. Tony felt it imperative to milk the night for all it was worth in case another opportunity didn’t immediately present itself.
Bucky stares at him too, so he knows he must look equally undone.
“You’ve barely slept at all this entire trip so it seemed idiotic to wake you.  And like I said, I had work to do.”  Tony reaches over and switches on the bedside table lamp.  Steve blinks but his eyes adjust quickly to the bright light.  “Pepper needed these reports weeks ago, so it’s good I got them out of the way.”
“It’s a movie.  This guy takes his autistic brother to Vegas and they count cards.”
Probably why Fury won’t let him within ten feet of Barnes.  So just coffee and eye drops for now.  He runs his hands through his hair and then down over his face, trying to get a grip on his thoughts.  His mind is getting muddy and it’s not usually like this, when he has a mission, has a purpose, usually it’s all so
Tony bites his bottom lip and runs a finger teasingly down the center of Steve’s bare chest, dipping slowly lower and lower. Steve’s too anxious now to find this anything but cloying.
Tony holds his breath as Steve stares at him.  It’s only a matter of seconds, but it feels like forever’s stretching out before him.
As soon as the door is closed and locked, they disrobe each other quickly, clothes hitting the ground in haphazard, crumpled piles. Steve tries to guide him to the bed but Tony shakes his head no, pulling Steve down to the hardwood floor in the small space between Steve’s bed and the closet.
“You want to watch that one after we finish this?" Tony asks, nodding to the film Steve just put aside.
“I don’t care.”
“Did I say it was?”
“I’ll try to be awful from now on,” Steve promises Wanda, earning himself a small smile.
“I’m sure it costs more than it should.”  Steve stops beside him, sliding his own card over.  “On this, please, Miss." Tony looks from the small piece of plastic to Steve.
He wants Bucky to recall looking over his shoulder in art class at Cooper Union, his visit made purposely to distract in that frivolous, beautiful way of his that disappeared forever a mere moment later when it was announced that the country was now at war.
“I’m sorry about…” He runs a thumb carefully over the burn, trying to judge how bad it will be.  “I didn’t mean to scare the crap out of you.”
There’s enough on his plate right now without piling on his own issues.  It’d be better to forget Stark entirely and move on, yet that now seems an impossibility.
He’d expected to hate the man if they were ever to meet. Instead, Tony wants nothing more than to see him again.
“Sometimes in the middle of the night, or in the morning, I’d wake up and he’d be…” Steve shifts back against Tony, but the movement seems to be rooted in the memory, not about him.
“Your deduction is correct.  Your beard is actually sub-par compared to his, but he was the easiest reference to pull from my repertoire.”
“Thank god,” Bucky grunts. Annoyed, Steve tosses his discarded clothes at Bucky’s head, who swats them down to his lap with a disgusted grunt.
“He never went further than the corner store, the damn fool. Just wanted her to worry,” Bucky chuckles along with Steve. He uses his foot to nudge the wastebasket closer to Steve’s reach as he throws the tissue away. “Wonder whatever happened to that kid. Last thing I recall, he wanted to head on out to Hollywood and get himself a blonde bombshell like Lana Turner, give his mama a heart attack.”
Bucky bites down at the juncture of Tony’s throat and shoulder, than laves the mark with his tongue.
“And it’s lasagna...tell me, did you go veggie or meat?” Natasha lifts one eyebrow as Tony evidently decides continuing on this tack is worth the gamble.  “I never would’ve figured you for a Giada, Nat.  How exactly
Rhodey sighs. He leans against the plane just below the cockpit and stares at his friend’s profile, just waiting for the dam to break.
Steve considers an honest, emotional answer but figures that he and Bucky have had enough of that.
walk away because I’m asking you to stay?  Can you please let it be that simple?”
“Please don’t say another word. I totally want to die right now.”
“I’m sure they have much more important things to worry about, Buck.”  He glances at his own monitors, not really knowing what any of the lines and beeps and strange numbers mean, but sure that if anything was really wrong everything wouldn’t seem so steady.  When he looks back to his friend, Steve finds him staring.  “What is it?”
The next morning Tony wakes from a surprisingly restful and undisturbed slumber to Steve opening the door, two large coffees and a bag of pastries in hand.  He hands it all over to Tony and sits quietly, doing nothing, as Tony digs in.  Steve’s eyes are red, his skin is pale, and he’s clearly been up for hours.  Tony begins to suspect that not only is there someone on this planet who can function on less sleep than he, but that he’s not doing nearly good enough a job at being a distraction.
Tony takes a deep breath, rubs his forehead.
Pepper gives Steve a kiss too, brief and sweet, then brushes her thumb over his cheek like she’s wiping away the lipstick she left behind.  She looks at Tony.
aren’t…no.  I’m sorry, Pepper, I didn’t even think...”
“It’s beautiful, Steve, it really is.”
“Oh she did not,”  Steve huffs.
His finger catches the trigger before he takes the time to aim at the proper target and the bullet goes wide, shattering concrete just to the Captain's left.  The blast sends both men diving for cover.
“We’re just looking,” Steve hedges, but Clint has already grabbed the paper from him, crumpled it up, and tossed it in a nearby trashcan.
“JARVIS.  JARVIS!”  Tony is shouting to no one.  He’s plummeting and the helicopter is getting further away.  It was an EMP, he knows it, but he’d worked around that.  An electromagnetic pulse shouldn’t affect his suit.  This isn’t supposed to be happening.
“You should too, grandpa.  We’re in this together.”
!” Steve kids, joining her in laughter. He has absolutely no recollection of this. By Pittsburgh, the crowds were a blur.
“Natasha, hey!”  Steve cuts Clint off as he spots Clint’s best friend approaching.  Her blazing red hair, pulled back by a wide green headband, glints in the late morning sunlight, as warm and fiery as the brightly changing autumn leaves still stubbornly clinging to the few trees dotted along the sidewalk.   He’s grateful for Natasha’s arrival, as Tony bristles whenever Clint goes all proletariat, inevitably drawing a line between Tony and Thor, who had both grown up across the river in the lap of luxury, and the rest of their group, none of whom grew up in Manhattan or had it remotely easy.  Clint had it the worst off of all of them.
“Of course we did,” Steve replies, not about to lie.  “But we never thought we couldn’t do it without you.”  Tony frowns, ego wounded, and Steve sees that between the man’s guilt and pride, there’s really no way to do this that makes Tony feel better.  “Stark, you’ve given us all a home.  You’re instrumental in providing tech and support, not to mention all the funding you’ve offered.  We all miss you in the field, but we respect and understand your decision.”
“Clint, take position on the top floor, see if you can get a good angle.  Get as many tranq arrows in him as you can.  It won’t knock him out but maybe it will slow him down.”
“Except it doesn’t work.  It worked once, on Steve, and that’s it.” Tony doesn’t even know what he’s doing really – he’s mapping everything he’s culled on the Red Room, the screen dotted with pins marking former bases, safe houses, past incidents and most recent sightings of General Lukin.  It’s all a moot point if these aren’t the guys that grabbed Steve.  Even if they
“Steve, babe?” His tone has shifted, turning soft. He comes to the couch and he’s taking Bucky’s spot before Bucky knows what’s going on. He’s gently pushed aside, Tony insinuating himself right by Steve’s side.
“For nothing serious, you’ve done a lot of work.”
“So you’ve just always had it out for winter then.  What’d it ever do to you?”  Tony asks accusingly, but jokingly.  Steve gives him the most basic explanation he can.
“I think they mean well.”
“Think about what you want for dinner. I can cook us something.”
, not even
“You taste so good,” Tony murmurs, curving his lips into a teasing smile. “Must be all that clean living, Captain America.”
“Where did you get that?” Bucky asks, and Steve very nearly wants to ignore him, annoyed that
One might think that the emptiness of the park might be due to the explosions that rocked the harbor yesterday.  Maybe people are more likely to remain in the safety of their homes, keep their children close.  But Steve knows that’s not it.
“That’s not Bucky.”
“You too, Stark.”  He hears Bruce half-heartedly call as the glass door slides closed and locks behind him as he leaves.  He glances back, catching the way Bruce’s shoulders slump as soon as he thinks he’s alone.
was-“
But maybe sooner wouldn’t have been easy.  It might have been a mess.  Now is perfect, so he’ll take it.
“That’s what this is about?” He doesn’t know how she’s surprised, but he’s not about to get into this with her. What he’s feeling is his business, and only his.
“Been waiting all day for you to get back.”  Is the only preamble to him slamming Steve to the wall and kissing him for all he’s worth.
“They told me about your…” Steve taps his own temple.  “That you basically have a computer in your head now.”
“Wouldn’t want to mess that up for you,” Tony grunts. Rhodey puts a comforting hand on his shoulder.
But he lifts an eyebrow in challenge anyway, waiting for Tony to read his expression as the waiter departs with a small bow.
” Pepper takes him by both shoulders now, forcibly turning him around to face her.  Sometimes he forgets she’s actually rather strong, even without Extremis coursing through her body.  “No amount of work is going to make up for you not being there.”
He turns to Bruce for confirmation; he’s finally able to see the other man clearly now that his vision isn’t swimming.
It’s grilled cheese and about a hundred other things.  There’s more food than he can possibly eat and more liquor than Tony can drink.  Afterward, they try The Comedy Stop and while Steve tries to laugh when everyone else does, most of the time he doesn’t really understand the reference or he flat out doesn’t think it’s funny.  Fortunately, Tony seems to agree the guy’s a stinker and they’re off to a different club, and then a different casino, The Venetian.  Tony gives him a stack of chips and tells him not to worry about blowing it.
“Let me make it up to you,” he pleads. “I’ll cook you dinner at my place and then take you to my bed and you can just…stay.”
Tony lets out a sigh of frustration, burying his face in Steve’s chest.
“Don’t sell yourself short, Sam. It’s not just the cooking.” Steve replies. “You’re a good friend.”
“I’d love some air – it’s growing quite warm in here, don’t you think? Steve, perhaps I could show you the veranda?” Jane rises as well, her hand curling over his forearm. She’s already leading him from the room.
“Tell me how you really feel,” Tony snipes at her coldly. Steve opens his mouth to defend her, but the look Jan shoots his way reminds him that she can well take care of herself.
It’s still a few minutes of tense silence before he hears the door slide open and closed, loud against the quiet.  He lifts his head.
“Thanks for coming, Pep.”
.” His hand runs almost absent-mindedly through Steve’s hair as he talks, thin strands slipping through his fingers. “How did you and Bucky leave things?”
alone.”
She doesn’t say anything more.  For the first time in days, Tony sees something beyond Steve’s abduction and realizes that that moment he feared, the moment where he would break Pepper’s heart, might have already happened and he hadn’t been paying attention.
“JARVIS?”  Steve asks quietly.  He sets a hand on the grand piano at his side and just as quickly lifts it, afraid to touch anything.
Steve snaps his head up so quickly that he nearly wrenches his neck, whipping to his left to find Tony leaning casually in the doorway. He’s dressed in a charcoal grey suit with a bright red tie, suit coat off and casually draped over his shoulder. His goatee is impeccably trimmed but his hair is slightly a mess; it’s the kind of calculated mix of artful imperfection that Tony is so damn good at.  Steve's stomach drops to his feet and his heart strangles his throat.
The door here leads directly to the yard.  No patio, nothing but grass.  He leaves the door open behind him.
I should have locked that,” Loki states, not sounding at all apologetic or surprised. He angles his head to look at Tony, who stands frozen two feet in from the doorway. He takes his time removing his hand from around Steve’s belt buckle, which he had already started to unlatch. “Well. To be honest, I would much prefer taking my time in private anyway, Steven.” He pats Steve’s chest, the crinkle of the photographs underneath his coat audible to only them. “Do call, darling – the offer stands.”
He doctors Steve’s up just the way he likes it—a spoonful of sugar, a splash of cream—and then shuffles back across the kitchen to claim the seat beside Steve at the counter.
underneath the pads of his fingers as he tries to imagine Howard sitting in this very spot.  “They do like their tradition.”
He’s taken to saying
“See now, here’s where I, as the bartender, am supposed sit here patiently and let you pour out your sorrows,” Nick says, though it doesn’t sound like he has any intention of doing so.
“I didn’t mean to fall in love with him.”
“Tony-“
“I didn’t expect you to be so good at this,” Tony half-groans, breaking away to speak.
“Now that’s a highly original insult,” Clint compliments sarcastically.
“Tony,” Steve starts, a hint of something like worry in his voice, and Tony quickly lifts his head and captures Steve in a kiss.
“He doesn’t know where we’re going?” Tony murmurs to him, bemused, and Steve chuckles slightly.
As Steve smiles. As Tony breathes a visible sigh of relief.
“Bathroom is the first left off the hall; you have to go through the dressing room.”
“Don’t think so.” He opts for a different pile entirely, sorting through the cases.  “How about…”
“I’m sorry, I…” Tony feels worse now than he did before. Seeing Steve actually hurt is worse than imagining it. “I got caught up with Bruce.”
is a big deal but doesn’t want to get into it.  Steve obliges him by letting it go, because he knows Tony actually divulges more when allowed to do it on his own terms.
“I’m Steve Rogers.  And you are?”
“Please don’t do that.”
Tony crosses the room and pulls a clean towel from a cabinet, tosses it to Steve.
“It’s still
