Dean’s head rested against the wall as Cas pounded into him, filthy words slipping out of his mouth, “You’re such a good little cock slut for me, around you? You’ll take exactly what I give you. So needy, so tight. Tell me, baby, you going to cum? I want to see you cum untouched. Be a good boy for me.”
In her room, which was painted a sky blue color with white clouds on them. Her bed had a fluffy white comforter on it and one of Cas’s pillows that she had stolen. Cas tucked her into bed and kissed her head, “It’s bedtime for little girls.” He pulled up her blanket and sat on her bed, stroking her hair as Annie snuggled with her stuffed bunny and drifted off to sleep.
She heavily sighed and Dean didn’t miss the eye roll as she checked the computer, “He’s still in surgery. Why don’t you go sit in the waiting room and the doctor will come update you when they’re done.”
Unlike all their other kisses, this one wasn’t harsh or rushed, it wasn’t lust filled or desperate; it was slow and sweet. This was the first time Dean felt like he was actually kissing Cas; the fullness of his lips, the warmth of his mouth, the softness of his hands.
Dean had two fingers inside Cas when he noticed the frozen expression on Cas’s face and his tense body. He broke the unusual silence with calm words, “Cas, I need you to look at me. Do you not want this?”
“Fuck!” Cas grabbed onto Dean’s back, digging his nails into him maybe a little too hard. His remaining four senses were completely overwhelmed with Dean; the feeling of Dean rocking into him, the taste of his sweat-slick skin, the sounds of Dean’s heated groans, and the smell of his cologne.
“He’s so confusing.” Dean thumped his head on the counter and groaned, “He’s so sweet sometimes but then he pulls away and gets so aggressive with Alastair and other people. I just… he’s confusing. He is a nice guy though, I think you’d get along with him.”
When he was done, Cas dragged his thumb through his cum that was streaked across Dean’s cheek and stuck it back in Dean’s mouth, “You’re so perfect. Stand up, baby.” Cas pulled his pajamas back on as Dean shakily got to his feet. As Cas walked over to his bed and sat on the edge, he ran his eyes over Dean’s slender body, “Strip.”
As they came back down from their highs, Dean laid down on Cas and let his head rest on Cas’s sweaty shoulder, “Holy shit…”
“Yeah, Sammy is still running around here somewhere, probably out back playing with the junkers. I just have to go home and pick up mom.”
Dean wept into his mother’s long, blonde hair; as much as she had hurt him, Mary was his mother and Dean loved her. He missed the rare minutes when she would be sober and return back to the Mary she used to be before John’s death.
Cas doubled over with laughter and loosely wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. When their laughter subsided, Dean admitted defeat, “Okay, baby, how about this? You pick me out a shirt that isn’t a flannel and I’ll pick you one out that isn’t a sweater.”
Dean cringed hard, “Jesus Christ, mom! …We were… you know, and it was a total accident but he put his hand on my throat and I freaked out. He tried to help but I told him to go fuck himself and I left… Mom, I yelled that in front of his kid.”
Anna and Gabe sat on Cas’s left side and Dean sat on the right. While the heart rate monitor was still beeping, Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas’s lips for one more time, “I love you, Cas. Everything will be okay, I’m here.”
Mr. Winchester’s eyes widened with surprise, “Did he?” Standing up a little straighter he turned towards Cas and shook his hand firmer than he did Annie’s, “You must be daddy.”
The first time Cas felt the blade puncture his skin, the pain was overwhelming. It overrode the stink of the factory’s first floor, the feeling of the damp floor and drip of the pipes, the sound of the cars so close but endlessly far away.
Eventually, they all sat back down to finish their meal but not before taking off their wet jackets and accepting the towels Bobby threw at them.
“We were going to… spend the night again and you know…” Dean flailed his hands in the air, trying to get his point across but Mary beat him to it.
Dean couldn’t contain his laughter any longer as he laughed so hard, he started crying, “C—Cas, I’m sorry… A—Are you okay?”
Dean hummed against Cas’s lips and quickly nodded his head, bumping his nose against Cas’s, “Of course I did.”
“I don’t like to drink and I didn’t go to parties.” Cas kept his answers short, trying not to say anything to upset Dean.
Dean’s face went bright red as he rubbed the back of his neck. The smile Cas gave him was as bright as the sun, “You tried to shake my hand, didn’t you?”
Cas chuckled, admiring Dean’s teacher attire which suited him very well (two-day stubble very much included), “Yeah, that’s exactly what we’re doing. What about—”
Dean’s hand quickly stroked himself and gently twisted his fist at the head of his leaking cock. The tight feeling in his stomach had a vice-like grip on him. When Dean’s thoughts roamed to how Cas would arch his back and cum across his stomach with Dean’s name on his lips, Dean came hard enough that a strangled moan escaped from deep in his throat. Dean was horrified when he let Cas’s name slip out as came into his fist.
Cas pulled up to Dean’s house and got off his bike, quickly running to the front door to escape the freezing air, he tried to smooth out his helmet hair. As he knocked on the door, Cas fussed with his jacket, murmuring, “Freaking monkey suit… stupid love day… stupid boyfri—.”
He grabbed at Dean’s ass and slowly pulled out his plug, twisting it and gently fucking him with it before pulling it out all the way. Some of the lube Dean had used earlier to stretch himself out leaked out of his ass. Cas smacked his ass before cleaning up the lube with his tongue. He felt Dean shiver under his touch.
As soon as the words left his mouth, Dean regretted them. Cas looked so hurt as he looked down and slowly stood up, “Yes, sir.”
From the other end of the phone, Dean was getting into the Impala, “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Dean kissed Cas’s head and smiled back at his mother. Not too much later, they pulled up to the Winchester’s and Dean kept his hand firmly on Cas’s back, helping him through the unfamiliar house. It was a good sized home which four bedrooms and five bathrooms. The outside of the house was tan and it had a dark-shingled roof. Dean helped Cas feed Abby and take her for a quick walk before heading back to the house and going to get dinner. They decided on a nice Italian restaurant that was close to the house.
Cas groaned and turned it off, closing his eyes for two seconds which quickly turned into fifteen minutes. The next time Cas's eyes opened his phone read 6:17. Cas half-flailed getting out of bed and rushed to throw the first thing he could find on.
Gabe rolled his eyes and whispered, “Yeah… sure, let’s have the blind guy carry the box of breakable stuff.”
The wind continued to blow as Dean sobbed into the flannel, muffled by his hands, he silently spoke words only meant for Cas, “I miss you every day and I try like hell not to because you left me and I’m so angry but I can’t stay angry because I do love you so much.”
Over the next week, Dean barely left Cas’s side as his injuries started to heal. Cas slept a lot of the time but when he was awake, he and Dean talked. Sometimes they talked about how Cas was feeling or work but most of the time they would talk about the little things.
It was a little after midnight by the time Cas pulled into his driveway. As he walked through the front door, the first thing he saw was Anna’s worried face,  “Are you okay? What happened?”
They finished their conversation about their lives so far apart from one another and then hung up to get ready for school in the morning. The next day, Dean passed out a form for each of the kids, “Parent-teacher conferences are coming up so please show this form to your parents or guardians when you get home.”
The four of them walked up to the make-shift shed and purchased four sets of skates. After helping each other tightly lace up their skates, they shakily walked towards the ice.
Everyone agreed on junking what was left of Cas’s bike. Cas would have been pissed but he wasn’t here to make the decision.
Cas’s sobs were heart-wrenching and it was clear nobody wanted to hear more, even though they needed to. It was Sam who said what everyone was thinking, “Let’s take a break, okay?”
“Will do, it’s nice to see you, Jo.” Cas started to walk away but not before sliding a napkin across the bar with his number on it to Dean. He winked and walked away, knowing full-well Dean was staring at his ass. He was.
“Sure.” One beer turned into two which turned into three. They both had five beers by the time they left the diner. Needless to say, they were both fairly buzzed so after Dean insisted on paying the bill, he offered to walk Cas home.
Cas understood why. Dean’s mother could have died—she almost did. Cas could understand the panic of a parent being very close to death, he could only imagine how he would have felt if he saw his mother after Chuck beat her to death. That whole train of thought made Cas’s eyes flood with tears. Instead of showing his emotion, Cas pulled Dean against his chest and shoulder again, “I’m so sorry, Dean. Is she okay now?”
Dean tried to take his eyes off of Cas’s strong body as the black haired boy pulled plaid shirt, “You sure she’ll be okay alone for that long?”
Now, Cas was conflicted. He was professional and Dean wanted to talk about personal things, he talked about personal life and Dean got angry. His frustration started to come out as tears but he pushed them down the best he could, “Sir, you wanted to keep things between us professional and I’m trying to.”
Cas looked like he wanted to cry but thankfully, they were happy tears, “Best thing I’ve ever been.”
Dean didn't think it was such a bad idea after the eventful day they all had; maybe a burger and some laughs would do everyone some good, “Sure, Sammy.”
Feeling like an absolute failure, Dean apologetically said, “She was playing on the rocks and slipped and scraped herself. I’m so sorry, Cas. I should have been watching her more.”
Charlie’s hand was warm and small in Cas’s, “It’s so nice to meet you. Well, I have to get back but I’ll see you guys around!”
Through his sniffles, Cas managed to say, “She just isn’t right today and I know she doesn’t feel good. How does she look?”
After a long stressful day, both of them found sleep easily that night; reassured by each other’s slow, even, and steady breaths.
Somehow, Dean’s cheeks only flushed hotter, “Um… yeah.” This time, it was Cas who reached out for Dean’s hand. Eventually, Dean took Cas’s hand, only pulling away when Abby started to lick their hands.
Cas was getting out of the shower when Dean stepped into the bathroom. Cas had a towel loosely wrapped around his hips when Dean tried to sneak up behind him but of course, that didn’t work, “I can hear you. You’re not quiet.”
Sam could see Cas’s eyes go dark; they took on a murderous glare, aimed at the threat that hurt his baby sister.
Dean tried to will his body to move as he grabbed his phone from the nightstand and dialed 911. His panicked sentence was cut off by his voice breaking, “My boyfriend is having a seizure. Twenty-five Lacy Avenue, Lawrence. No, no! I don’t—just, please.”
As soon as Cas was gone, Sam slapped his older brother’s foot on his injured leg causing Dean to wake up and jump, cursing under his breath, “Ow! What the fuck?!”
Cas shook his head and started to put his phone away but Dean pouted and shook Cas’s arm, “No, come on. Show me more.”
Abby bounced off the bed and Dean tried to put on her service dog vest and collar regardless of her wiggling. He made sure to grab a ziplock bag of food, her toy duck, and her vaccine papers, just in case.
About halfway through her treatment, Dean had a particularly bad phone call with her consisting of the phrase, “Disappointment of a son.” About fifteen minutes after the upsetting call, Dean was at Cas’s house as they had plans to hang out.
They got dressed in a comfortable silence and Cas out on Abby’s harness before sneaking past Gabe and company. At the front door, Dean sweetly kissed Cas, “I had an awesome time with you.”
It was one week until Dean saw Cas again. At the end of October, Annie was bundled up in her jacket and jeans waiting for Gabe to pick her up but surprisingly, it was Cas who pulled up in from of the school. It was a Tuesday and only Cas’s third day on so he should be at work.
Dean cringed at that description of Cas because it wasn’t accurate. Yes, he had tattoos and wore leather and rode a motorcycle but he was Dean’s reading buddy, he was the one who spent the night at the hospital with Dean, he was the one who made him laugh. Trying to shrug off her judgments, he offered, “He’s a good guy, Charlie…”
Cas’s foot on his leg was a welcomed surprise and so was the sly smirk that covered his face, “Good to know.”
The last thing in the cardboard box was a stack of pictures that Cas had been taking of them over the past few months.
Not before long, they both fell asleep. Enjoying the relaxation the other’s presence brought them. After one ‘date’ and only talking a few times, it was surprising how comfortable they were with each other but just something about them being together felt right.
Cas jumped and dropped the novel he was holding, “Hey, didn’t hear you guys come in.” He picked the book back up and walked over to his bed. He flopped down and patted the spot next to him, “Take your jacket off, stay a while.” Dean couldn’t help but notice how much more relaxed than usual Cas was in his plaid pajama bottoms and an over-sized t-shirt.
Pulling Dean into a hug, Cas let Dean bury himself in Cas’s arms, “Thank you for telling me.” After a minute, Cas pulled away and held Dean’s freckle-covered cheeks in his hands, “I really am sorry.”
Cas put his hand on Annie’s head and sweetly smiled at her, “Bye my love, Gabe will pick you up later.” Looking back at Dean’s shining green eyes and pretty face, Cas awkwardly smiled, “Have a nice day, Dean.”
Dean looked at him with an incredulous look on his face, “Alright, you listen to me, I know I was an asshole to you but I am not going to let you stay with your fucking father and I’m sure as shit not letting you stay at the shelter. You’re going to stay with me and that’s the end of it. Got it?”
Cas released Eric’s arm and hold him to lean his back against the wall. He complied until the sirens approached; that’s when another member of the gang snuck up on Cas and punched him hard.
After returning from their families, Dean, Cas, Annie, and Gabe all spent Christmas day with each other. As they sat around the Novak’s small Christmas tree drinking eggnog, spiked for everyone except Annie, they exchanged gifts. Cas gave Dean a vinyl record of Led Zeppelin, he gave Gabe baking equipment, and he gave Annie something she’d been begging for, a new bike.
Cas started up the ambulance, excited to be back in the city he started off in. They started their patrol, waiting for a call to come in, “So, Alfie, what have you been up to?”
“There’s another body…” Dean didn’t want to talk about the case or other victims. He wanted to talk about Cas, about what happened but he was distracted by Cas’s pale skin, his lithe body, his muscles, and smooth skin stretched over bone, the tattoo that looked like some foreign language splayed over his left side.
He poked at her stomach and Zach was getting grabby; the only person who hasn’t touched the young girl was Crowley. Her tear-soaked face and muffled screams were getting to him, “Guy, that’s enough. Stop.”
And smile Cas did, “Thank you, Dean. Have a nice day.” After saying goodbye to Dean, Cas went back to the car and double checked Annie’s car seat before driving off.
Dean felt sick to his stomach as Charlie read out his laundry list of convictions. He didn’t want to hear how many times his sweet intern’s dad got busted for abuse… or think about how many times he didn’t. “Okay, Charlie. I get it.”
Without a second thought, Cas grabbed his wrist and skillfully twisted his arm behind his back and pinned him against the brick wall of the closest building. Pulling the pair of handcuffs out of his jacket pocket, Cas detained the boy, “Oh, Eric. Come on, you know I don’t have a problem with you. I was just asking a question. However, now… I do think you’re hiding something.”
Gabe and Dean were sitting in the waiting room talking, trying to distract themselves by telling funny stories about Cas. Gabe chuckled, “Before the cancer, he was a wild child.”
Her bouncing quickly stopped and she started to eat her lunch, earning Dean a thumbs up and a wink from Cas.
Cas held him close against his body, gently rubbing his back in soothing circles, softly hushing him, “Oh, baby. I’m so sorry. You’re safe, everything is okay.”
Despising awkward silences and desperate to move on from this one, Jo smiled at the sad girl, “So, Anna… what do you do for fun?”
Still, Bobby waved him off, “It was his first body, Anyway, Dean dragged him into the station by his ear and yelled at him in front of everybody. Garth cried and never came back.”
Dean immediately brought his hands up to cling to any part of Cas he could. The kiss was surprising but not unwelcomed. Feeling Cas’s soft, warm lips against his and their bodies pressed together was every bit as amazing as Dean thought it would be.
They worked together to dry her off and brush her out so she was nice and pretty before taking their own shower, blow jobs included, making some dinner with Gabe and their roommates and going to bed for the night.
Her sweet brown eyes lit up, “Well, I like spending time with my brother but I also like making clothing and flower crowns.” She pointed to the red and pink one she had on her head.
Leaning by Cas’s unconscious, bloody body, Bobby gently shook his shoulder. While he tried to keep his voice steady, the wavering in it was obvious, “Son? Come on, wake up.”
“Really? Because we know she hung around with you guys. Look… I’m not saying you guys had anything to do with it. All I’m saying is we have some worried parents looking for their little girl so if you could just tell me the last time you saw her, I’d appreciate it.” He noticed the shift in Eric’s demeanor and he was right when the younger man took a swing at him.
By the time Annie bounced back into the small living room, she was wearing a pretty white dress with a blue floral print that Dean had bought her. They all headed to go get some BBQ at a local restaurant.
Dean slowly walked away, hating having to leave Cas when he is in that much pain. He knew Cas needed time; after all Dean needed time when his father died.
As Cas’s eyes started to close, Dean kissed his cheek and grabbed the light blanket from the bottom of the bed and draped it over Cas. Dean slipped off the bed and grabbed his metal flask out of his duffle bag and quietly stepped out onto the porch, leaving the door open to get a breeze into the room. The summer night was clear and warm as Dean leaned against the railing and took a sip of the strong whiskey.
“You feel so good, Cas. You make me want to cum so bad. Please, I need you.” Dean needed more, with every thrust from Cas he was pushed closer and closer to the edge.
After another moment of silence and panic had passed when Bobby decided to abandon his plans to get a drink with his old friend, Rufus and bring Cas back to Lawrence.
Wanting to so bad but knowing he couldn’t, Cas mimicked Dean’s pout, “I wish I could but I need to go home for Annie.”
Even if Dean wanted to make this last longer, his body wasn’t about to let that happen as the waves of pleasure ripped through him. Cas fucked him through his orgasm, closely following him and trying not to collapse on top of Dean.
One night when Cas was waiting for Dean to get back from work, he showered and put on a pair of navy blue panties he had hiding in the back of his sock drawer because he knew only he and Dean would be home that night.
When Dean opened his front door he gave Cas a strange look, instantly picking up on Cas’s difference in appearance. He opted to not say anything as Mary walked up behind him.
Dean grabbed the bottle of lube and a condom quicker than he’s ever moved in his entire life. It didn’t take him long to be three fingers deep in Cas’s tight hole and after asking for his consent one more time, Dean slowly pushed himself into Cas.
Cas was reminding Dean of his mother, he needed to change the subject before his tears started to fall. Luckily, Cas beat him to it, “What do you think they’re doing in there?”
She shrugged and handed Dean his coffee back so they could finish their walk, “Who said going on a few dates is making things worse?”
“No, Dean. I don’t want to hear you apologize or make excuses. Just answer my question.” The only sound that filled the room after Cas snapped was the steady beep of the heart monitor and the pacing of Cas’s feet.
He was laying on top of the covers with his legs obscenely spread when Dean walked into the room. When he turned on the light, Dean’s heart stopped in the best way possible, “Cas? What are you doing?”
That Monday was Cas’s first day on and he still hadn’t heard from Dean; he just hoped that things at school weren't too awkward with Dean and Annie.
Dean could barely get his answer out through Cas’s thrust; all he could manage was a moan and an enthusiastic nod. With his partner’s confirmation, Cas started to fuck Dean harder. The white-hot heat of Dean was overwhelming.
“Sure. Thanks, man.” After Alfie walked away, Dean gently shook Cas to wake him up so he could get some food in his belly.
At the station Bobby ran to Charlie’s office and tried to speak as calmly as he could, “Winchester got shot in the leg. He’s okay and already at Wesley Medical. I want you to very calmly go get Novak. I’m going to call Sam, Mary, and John.”
When Bobby dropped Cas off at his house, Cas looked up at him through his hair, that admittedly had gotten a little too long for his liking, “Thank you for everything.”
Cas reached out to help Charlie carry the stack of books and computer equipment she had in her arms, “Well, you know Dean a lot more than I do and I know you and Jo have been together for a while and I was just wondering… what should I do for Valentine’s Day?”
After they had made things official, nothing changed. Dean did babysit once or twice but never for a long time; only when Cas was still at work and Gabe couldn’t be home in time. Speaking of which, both Gabe and Dean had started to grow on each other.
It was a sunny Friday in the middle of May. Annie is now nine and in the third grade but she was still the same sweet girl she always was. Dean is officially daddy number two and Cas couldn’t be happier having his boyfriend, daughter, and brother all happy under the same roof. On school days, Dean brought Annie to school while Cas was still working as an EMT in Topeka.
Mary and John continued to ask Cas questions, trying to get to know the man that their son clearly loves. By the end of dinner, they loved him too.
Cas rolled his eyes and pressed his palm against his own hard cock, moaning at the contact, “I feel fine, I’m good. I have no pain. Dean, please. It’s been so long since I’ve felt you, I need you.”
The blood on his face and the hitch in his walk were obvious indicators of the pain the teenager was feeling. Bobby helped lead him back into the main part of the bar where he bought Cas a glass of whiskey and sat in one of the back tables, “Alright, you’re going to tell me what is going on right now or you’re going to be out of a job.”
Cas could smell the waves of whiskey coming off of him, “At my internship. I told you about it… I’m sorry, dad. I’ll start dinner, okay?”
Second, was the day Cas proposed… and the day Dean did as well. They were sitting on their front steps one late summer night after dinner, drinking a cold beer when Cas took Dean’s hand after reaching into his pocket to pull out a small silver band and nervously smiled at him, “Dean, I know this isn’t much but, me and you well… we’ve never been ones for grand romantic gestures but you’re my only love for the rest of my life. Will you marry me?”
Jo, Dean, Sam, Ellen, and Bobby all stared at the door in a shocked silence. After ten minutes of trying to figure out what to do, Dean spoke up, “I’ll go get him.” Quickly grabbing his keys, Dean took off towards the Impala.
Cas couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face as he rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, “Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.”
Dean woke Cas up like he was trying to wake the dead, roughly shaking his shoulder, “Come on, time for bed. Wake up.”
As soon as they were gone, Charlie and Jo were instantly back at Dean’s side. Jo comfortingly rubbing his tense shoulder the way a little sister might. Her voice was soft and concerned, “Are you okay?”
Charlie beamed with pride when she talked about Dean’s intern, “It was Cas, he found something on our suspect. He called every tattoo parlor in the area and after asking around, he found the artist that tattooed our suspect. Some guy named Zeke, he owns a shop on thirty-second street.”
When Dean was completely fucked out, Cas pulled his fingers out and slowly licked up Dean’s limp body until he got to his mouth where he placed a wet, open-mouthed kiss onto Dean’s bruised lips. Pulling away, Cas gazed down at Dean’s face, noticing the dried smears of cum and light pink blush that spread across his freckle-covered cheeks, “You okay?”
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, “He’s right. Sometimes these things just happen.”
Dean seemed confused by that, “But nothing. I had an amazing time and I’d love to see you again like A.S.A.P… like tonight.”
Dean started to angrily pace around Charlie’s office before slamming his fist into the wall. While he didn’t see Cas jump and instinctively cover his face, Charlie did. She quickly stood up and grabbed onto Dean’s arm before turning to Cas and trying to smile, “Cas, why don’t you head home for the day?”
Cas took off Mary’s oxygen mask and handed her the phone before turning to Alfie, “Go to Saint Francis Hospital. I’ll stick back here.”
Dean scoffed and shook his head, trying to ignore the sting in his chest, as he walked to the lunch room to meet his friends. As usual, Charlie, Jo, and Kevin were sitting at their normal table in the left back corner of the room when Dean walked up to them and sat down, “Hey, where’s Sammy?” His little brother usually sat with them but today he was nowhere to be seen.
Dean and his friends watched with wide, awe-filled eyes as Cas bunched his hands in Alastair’s shirt and got in his face, his deep voice going impossibly deeper, “Listen to me, you slimy piece of shit. Don’t you ever, ever talk to my sister again. You fucking hear me?”
Dean couldn’t hold back his chuckle as he sweetly kissed Cas’s head, “Of course, I’ll bring her duck.”
“I love you too, sweetheart. Will you do me a favor and grab everyone for me?” After Cas got the eavesdroppers from outside, Dean held Cas’s hand and smiled at everybody, “Mom, Dad, this is Castiel Novak. He’s my boyfriend and we live together. He makes me a better person and extremely happy. I love him very much.”
Getting the message, Dean dawned his ‘teacher voice’ and as sternly as he could he said, “Annie, eat your sandwich or you will go sit in the corner until you decide you want your lunch.”
That was when the doorbell rang and Dean jumped about three feet in the air, running to the front door, Dean quickly opened it. In the blink of an eye, he was face to face with his younger brother who was now bigger than him. Dean’s smile could have blinded the sun, “Holy shit! Sammy!”
The next day, they’re back on the road with only a few hours separating them and the Grand Canyon. When they did get to the national park, it was early afternoon and the perfect time for a hike. Holding hands, Dean and Cas strolled along the well-worn paths along the red rocks. Cas’s blue eyes were shining under the hot Arizona sun as he took in the breathtaking sights in front of him.
The next thing Dean felt was his little girls arm around him. He looked down at her blue eyes and shining smile as she tried to help him feel better, “It’ll be okay, daddy.”
If Cas’s low, deep growl was anything to go by, Dean was right. Cas roughly yanked Dean’s jeans down around his ankles. Using his thumbs and palms, he spread Dean’s ass exposing his beautifully tight hole, “God-fuckin’-damn. You’re going to kill me, Dean.”
Barely looking up from his laptop, Dean questioned, “Thoughts?” He hoped that Cas would come up with nothing. He hoped he could yell at him (because he’s an intern… definitely not because he’s so pretty and that’s not fair).
Cas clearly seemed embarrassed, “Thank you, Dean. I used to be much more confident on my own but neither Abby nor I are used to Lawrence yet.”
Following Cas out to the living room, they decided to order pizza after discussing their options with their younger siblings. While they waited in the kitchen for the pizza to arrive, Dean’s eyes were fixed on the older boy’s beautiful, muscular body. Little did he know, Cas saw every glance Dean sent his way.
Dean stood shocked in place until Cas was gone. As soon as it was just him and Jo again, “Holy shit!” He held up the napkin to Jo.
Dean grabbed the Impala’s keys before slinging Cas’s backpack over his shoulder, “Yeah… no. I’m giving you a ride.”
When Cas got home ten minutes later, he wrapped Anna in a big hug, “Hello, love. What have you been up to tonight?”
Dean opened the front door with a smile on his face that quickly faded, “Hey, Cas! Oh my god… you look fucking amazing.”
Castiel was diagnosed with a Pilocytic Astrocytoma at only twenty years old. After surgery and treatment, the tumor was removed but unfortunately, so was Castiel’s eyesight. Now twenty-five, Cas and his seeing-eye dog, Abby, were moving into his older brother, Gabe’s house in Lawrence, Kansas.
Gabe’s stress levels continued to rise, “Cas, this is the second day in a week you’ve either passed out or almost passed out. What is going on with you?”
“I still remember the day we found her.” Alfie shuttered at the memory of finding the sweet two-month-old in her horrible situation. Cas was only twenty- three when he became a single father.
Dean froze but then continued wiping down the bar, “Okay, one, it wasn’t a date. Sam and Anna went on a date and we supervised and two, how did you hear this?”
The funeral was three days later. Naomi was buried in the cemetery that was four miles from their house. The service was quiet and small, only her immediate family showed up to pay their respects to the kind woman who was stuck in a horrible situation.
Once Cas was sitting across from Dean, he noticed that Dean had his sleeves rolled up and his green tie was loosened with his top button was unbuttoned. Dean didn’t waste time getting down to what they’re supposed to be talking about, “So, Annie is literally a model student. She hasn’t been my student for long but I have no concerns about her for the rest of the year. Do you?”
Dean immediately understood why Cas was so upset; he knew meeting Mary and John was stressful for Cas and he wanted to make a good impression and he also knew that when Cas doesn’t take his meds he gets anxious, tired, and feels sick. But they could fix this, “Oh baby, it’s okay. We will figure it out, okay?”
They both lost track of time looking through the footage. Cas was in his own head as he carefully searched the videos until… “1:32 PM. Camera 9. Left of screen.”
As Cas walked towards the door, Dean, Charlie, the station’s genius I.T girl, Kevin, who worked in evidence, and Sam, Dean’s younger brother and intern to the local D.A all had their eyes trained on him. Dean look a large sip of coffee and sighed heavily, shaking his head at the mess that is his intern, “Great. I get to take the fucking head case to the morgue.”
When Cain’s grip on his throat tightened, Cas managed to sob out, “Please! Stop! I’m sorry… just stop! Please, don’t!”
His sobs were joined by everyone. Gabe quickly walked over to him and pulled Dean into a hug along with Anna.
Like the flustered moron he was, Dean stuck his hand out and smiled at Cas, “It’s nice to meet you.”
“I think Anna is a great girl. Whatever you’re doing, you’re doing a good job. I didn’t mean to invade your privacy.” Dean spoke gently, not wanting to make the situation any worse. Cas and he had just gotten back to being friendly, the last thing he wanted was to go messing something up.
“He raped me. When he stopped, he said that the greatest torture was keeping me alive.” Cas bitterly spat out the last words, his anger stronger than his sadness.
Cas stepped out of his car in jeans and a sweatshirt, instead of his uniform. Quickly walking over to Annie, he fell onto his knees on the cold sidewalk and wrapped his arms around her.
After his shower, Dean handed Cas some pajamas and lead him towards the bed, “You need to rest. I’ll stay here and watch Annie.”
Dean leaves Cas and walks back over to where the cop was interrogating the assailant and rolls his sleeves up without saying a word and neither of them have a tattoo. Turns out, the guy was just trying to rob Cas, not kill him.
They sat in silence until they were done eating and that’s when Cas’s phone rang, “Anna? What’s wrong?” Cas stood up and started pacing, nervously running his hand through his hair he tried to calm Anna down, “Love, slow down. Just take a deep breath.”
They finished their walk and Dean went home to relax. His small, white ranch-style house was welcoming and just enough for Dean. For somebody who has always had a house but never truly had a home, it was the closest thing he’s had. Needing to talk to the one person who’s been with him through everything, Dean called his little brother, praying he would answer.
Dean barely got the words, “Holy shit. Dean, watch Annie.” Out before taking off full speed towards the brown gazebo. When he got there, he directed his attention towards the hysterical woman, “Ma’am please, take your child over there and call an ambulance.”
The last picture was the one that got Dean. He was asleep on Cas’s chest with “Great Expectations being held open on his bare shoulders. Cas’s tattooed arm was holding Dean against him as he pressed a kiss to his head. Under the picture, Cas wrote: ‘I will marry this boy someday. I love him more than words could ever say.’
Dean smiled at her four-leaf clover pajama bottoms and her politeness, she really was a genuinely good kid, “Water would be great, thank you.”
Dean moved so he was sitting on the bed, pulling Cas onto his lap. On their own accord, his hands moved to Cas’s ass and pulled him close, a weak moan escaping both of them. The fun screeched to a halt when Sam opened the door, “Hey! We are going to—ah! Sorry!” Cas jumped off Dean when he heard the door open but Sam already had his eyes covered, “The door… was unlocked and—"
Alfie quickly closed the door and walked back out into the kitchen, “Um… Gabe? Cas is naked in bed with Dean Winchester.”
Everything is quiet until Thursday which is Cas’s last day of his shift. Eight hours into the shift, around four-thirty Cas and Alfie got a call for a sixty-year-old woman experiencing shortness of breath and chest pain.
When Annie was in the bathroom, Cas filled Gabe in about his day yesterday; which Gabe profusely apologized for not noticing. Cas said he understood and the brothers hugged it out.
“Anna, I’m going to go to McLouth to pick up Dean’s birthday present. There’s a record store there that has an old Zeppelin record that he really wants so I’ll be back in like two hours tops. Do you want me to pick up some dinner on the way home?”
That’s when it started to register with everyone what just happened, Anna was assaulted. Alastair and Zach sexually harassed her... they assaulted her. This isn’t a small bullying situation anymore; this is now a criminal issue. The police gladly detained Alastair and Zach after bringing them to the hospital.
Cas felt a large hand wrap around his bicep and harshly pull him behind the booth, the suspect's hand flew over his mouth before Cas could scream or say anything.
From where Dean was sitting in the car watching the scene unfold, he was brooding. Yeah, he wasn’t the nicest guy to his new intern but he wouldn’t lay a hostile hand on him. Since they were already inside, Dean shifted the Impala into gear and drove away. The feeling of guilt spreading inside of his chest. Sure, he was crabby and aggressive at times but nobody should lay a hand on their child. He decided he was going to have to have a chat with Cas about this tomorrow.
Trying to get his broken drugged-up boyfriend and their favorite lesbian through the hospital and into his car was much more of an issue then Cas would have previously thought. They just wanted to run opposite ways and Dean decided to abuse both Cas and Charlie with his metal crutches.
They spent the day hanging out, talking, watching movies, and after eating a dinner of homemade pizzas, Annie went off to bed leaving Dean and Cas alone. Now that he could, Cas had Dean under him, kissing him senseless. Breaking away from Dean’s needy mouth, Cas groaned, “Bedroom? Or do you need to go?”
Cas fiddled nervously with Abby’s leash, “I guess I’ve been feeling a little depressed.” He could feel his cheeks flush with the confession.
They teased each other about cars and wardrobe choices, waiting for the first bell of the day until Alastair Stevens pulled up next to them in his disgusting monstrosity of a shit-brown colored pickup truck. Sticking his head out the window he sneered at them, “Hey, fags! Save it for hell, yeah?”
Cas stiffened at Dean’s words and turned around to face him, his head tilted and eyes confused. Dean started to panic so he began to babble, “Stay as long as you want or you know, you don’t have to leave at all. You’re pretty fucking awesome and talented and honestly not hard on the eyes so if you wanted to move in for a little—.”
Cas felt the same way as he leaned into Dean, contently smiling with his two favorites, Abby and Dean by his side.
Dean gently gripped Cas’s ass and pulled him close. Again, Cas’s body tensed and not the good way. Dean dropped his hand and pulled away to look at Cas, “You still with me? We can stop if you want.”
They both knew that they weren’t going to last much longer so Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s cock and started to jerk him off in time with his thrusts. He growled and nipped at Dean’s neck, “Fuck, baby. You’re so perfect.”
“Sure, Sammy. Meet you there.” After Dean hung up, he turned to Cas, “The D.A wants to meet with you today. Is that okay?”
And they stayed there, in their own personal heaven until the day Cas woke up from the same nap as usual only this time, Dean wasn’t curled up with him. He was alone. Terrifyingly, desperately, and hopelessly alone, “Baby?”
Dean’s answer scared the hell out of Cas, “Are you fucking kidding me?! You beat me to it, you asshole!” Completely done with everything, Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out a slim gold band. They laughed and lovingly kissed each other before slipping the rings on each other’s fingers.
Alastair laughed. Cas's rage completely consumed him; he grabbed onto Alastair's hollow cheeks, “I will fucking destroy you.”
Cas hadn’t moved. Everything just seemed to be moving too fast. His mother died, suddenly he was back in the place he hated, now he was seeing his brother and aunt that he hadn’t seen in almost a year.
Knowing exactly what she wanted to do, Annie immediately sat on the swing and started pushing off the ground with her feet. Cas sat next to her on the other swing and watched his little girl enjoy herself. After a minute, he nudged her foot, “Hey, honey? How’s school going?”
Cas shoved Dean hard and grabbed the front of his shirt. Dean braced himself for the punch that he thought was going to follow. But it never came.
A few days later, after Cas took two weeks off of work, the three of them were on a plane to Outer Banks, North Carolina.
“Well, he grew up a bit. Our father was a local cop and threatened to send him to the military with me if he didn’t shape up. Then when he was in college, he was an art major but then he was diagnosed with the tumor and everything just stopped for him. When he started to lose his vision, he let the darkness take over. He got very depressed then mom and dad died in a car accident and I begged him to come live with me for a long time. I mean can you blame me? My baby brother just recovered from brain cancer and he was blind and our parents had just died. He was miserable and needed help. Thank god he had Abby, she was his rock through everything. Then he moved in with me recently and you know the rest.”
Cas’s vision finally went completely black as he passed out; his head roughly smacking against the cold parking lot pavement.
Finally taking a breath, Cas held Dean’s hand, “Of course it’s not her fault. It’s called an accident for a reason. We’ll get you both fixed up.”
“Love, you need to get your shoes on." It was Annie’s first day in her new elementary school in Lawrence and not wanting to be late, she came bouncing into the kitchen where Cas was making her lunch.
Protectively patting Abby’s head, Cas pouted, stopping only when Dean tried to cover up his mistake and make Cas smiled again, “Oh but Abby? She’s beautiful!”
Cas got started right away with a pretty banged up looking Harley Street 750. It would need at least new brakes, paint, a new seat, and some improvements to the engine if Bobby was going to turn a profit. He couldn't wait to fix it up and get the motor running at full strength again.
When they landed, a blonde woman in jeans and a t-shirt pulled Dean into a tight hug, “Oh my baby! I missed you!”
Feeling much better, Dean seemed to relax, “See you then.” When he hung up., he walked back into the room to thank his mother.
The sounds of the gusting breeze and Dean’s cries was interrupted by a noise; as clear as day, the call of a mourning dove. Dean jerked his head up as his eye caught the small bird sitting on the top of Cas’s grave.
As soon as they walked in the front door, Annie attached herself to Cas’s legs, “I missed you, daddy!”
Needing to tease his boyfriend, Dean smirked and gently elbowed Cas’s side, “I think you make a pretty princess.”
Wanting desperately to get back to how relaxed Cas was a minute ago, Dean said the first thing that came to his mind, “You didn’t. I would actually take you up on that offer.” Feeling ridiculously exposed and uncomfortable after that admission, Dean started to play with the label of his bottle to try and hide the blush that spread across his freckled cheeks.
Cas thought for only a moment before answering mostly to Dean, “I’m not really feeling that great… mostly just tea?”
She climbed on the rocks, looking for “magical sea creatures” that may be hiding there. Watching her goof around was giving Dean mini-heart attacks. Even though he was only a very short distance—really only an arm’s length away from her—he still needed to remind her, “Hey, be careful girly. The rocks are wet.”
Not long after, Dean followed him with a groan, finishing deep inside Cas and tightly holding onto him. After a moment, Dean flopped down next to Cas and raised an arm to high-five him, not remembering that Cas couldn’t see him.
A little less than two hours later, Dean heard a knock on his office door. Trying to suppress his groan, Dean yelled, “Come in.”
Letting his hands cling onto Cas and pull him flush against his body, Dean let out a whimper. He desperately tugged at Cas’s hair as the older boy continued to markup Dean’s neck.
Chuck shoved him again, harder this time and stumbled into the house without saying a word. Cas faithfully followed him and prayed that the night didn’t get worse.
Cas soaked a washcloth in cold water and rubbing Dean’s bare, sweat-slick back with it, “Hey, no. Don’t say that, I don’t mind at all.”
The dark red car that sped past him reminded him why it wouldn’t be fair to Dean to find out. The owner of the car quickly pulled over and jumped out, followed by his passenger. The two boys were both surprisingly bigger than Cas.
Charlie quickly took her hand, trying to reassure the nervous thirteen-year-old, “He’s going to be in the office for a while, why don’t you just say here?” Anna reluctantly sat back down so Charlie continued, “So, you’re new here, why don’t you tell us about yourself?”
Dean clung to Cas’s hand and brushed his thumb over his cheek. He begged and pleaded through his desperate sobs, “You have to wake up. Please, Cas wake up.” As usual, Dean got nothing in reply. Family in the room or not, Dean got pissed, “Fuck you! Wake up! You made me love you, you selfish son of a bitch! You don’t get to leave me!”
“She mentioned that a girl named Rebecca wasn’t being too kind to her.” Cas wasn’t trying to make trouble but nobody hurts his little girl.
While Annie was in a shower, Dean and Cas were changing in their room when Dean grabbed onto Cas’s arm with a panicked look on his face. Cas thought that he was still upset about Annie’s injury so he was quick to console him, “Dean, I promise everything is alright. You know how kids are, they fall, they get hurt—”
Sam walked over and handed them both a glass of champagne, “Better tell mom and dad about this one. Congrats big brother.” He patted Cas on the shoulder, “Welcome to the family.”
Cas looked absolutely shell-shocked, “Sir, all due respect but this seems inappropriately personal.”
“At home, kiddo. She needed to get out of the hospital for a little bit.” Gabe already knew how this was going to go; Cas loved his dog and even though Dean and Gabe helped, Abby gave him a certain comfort, she lowered his blood pressure and reduced stress.
Annie giggled and started to scrub her arms, “No you won’t, daddy! You’re silly!” She washed the rest of her body until Cas got up to grab a fluffy towel.
Dean wrapped an arm around Cas’s waist from where he was sitting on the bed and pulled him closer, “Eh… I was.”
Dean did give Bobby his gun but he tore away from Kevin and Sam’s grip, “Do you have any idea what he did to Cas?!”
Cas finished his dinner and took a quick shower and was about to change into some comfortable clothes he keeps at Dean’s but when he walked back into Dean’s room, he was pleasantly surprised.
Almost a minute later, Gabe came running into their bedroom, closely followed by Alfie, Mike, and Luke. Gabe’s heart stopped as he saw his little brother suffering, “Oh my god, call an ambulance!”
He couldn’t form the words to answer her. Dean just stood in place, his eyes full of rage. Cas was hurt. This disgusting human who had taken so many lives had hurt Cas. He started to quickly walk outside to try and catch a cab but was greeted by Charlie who was running through the Emergency Room door. She ran up to Dean and put her small hands on his shoulders, “Dean, what’s going on? Where’s Cas? Is he okay?”
“Wonderful.” Dean handed Cas a large binder full of cornier reports, autopsy results, police reports, and witness statements, “Familiarize yourself with this information.”
Cas turned his head and sleepily smiled at Dean, “Yes… I’m very okay. Thank you for taking care of me, Dean.”
Cas looked like he was going to have a heart attack, “I forgot them, I can’t believe I forgot them!” Abby was staring up at Cas and slightly whining, not understanding what was wrong.
He flew home almost twenty miles over the speed limit. Before he had two feet in the front door, Anna was clinging to his shirt. Her usually pale face was red and tear stained; her voice shook with every panicked, unsteady breath, “S-she’s dead… Cassie, what are we going to do… I- I don’t know what to do.”
First, was the day Dean and Cas bought their first, and only, home together. It was a small one-floor ranch-style house in Lawrence that was painted white with dark red shutters. Their house was still close to Gabe, Mike, Luke, and Alfie who helped them move in. It was also close to Sam, who ended up staying in his and Dean’s old house with Jess.
Dean took about two steps before tackling Cas to the ground with a huge hug and endless kisses. Through his tears, he answered, “Yes, yes! I love you so much.”
It wasn’t too much longer into the day when Alastair found Sam and Anna in the library, working on an English project during their study hall period. He snuck up to them and put one hand on each of the freshman’s shoulders, “Hiya, kiddos. Sammy, this your new little girlfriend? What’s your name, sweetheart?”
They walked out to Cas’s motorcycle where Dean had also parked the Impala. As Cas was getting onto his bike Dean just couldn’t help himself, “I noticed you give Anna your helmet when you’re together. You really should wear one too.”
Cas’s blush spread from his cheeks, down his next, and up his ears, “My first thought when I saw you was how much I wanted you.”
Cas hesitated and seemed to withdraw further so Dean, who was sitting next to him, reached out under the table and took Cas’s hand in his.
Anna clung onto her, “Thank you, Charlie.” The two redheads had grown close over the past few weeks and Cas couldn’t be happier that his baby sister had a good friend like Charlie.
After only reading a few pages, Cas put the book down noticing that Dean wasn’t paying attention, “Okay, what’s up with you today?”
Dean gently interrupted him, “Cas, you don’t have to worry about me. The only person in this school that has an issue with being gay is Alastair. But please, tell me the rest.” Dean kept rubbing soothing circles on Cas’s back as he continued.
As soon as he was in front of the toilet, he violently threw up, making Gabe groan but not leave his brother’s side.
Dean woke up later than usual the next day, needing a few extra hours of sleep after the events of last night. Thankfully, he didn’t have work the next day. He did, however, have to meet up with Sam. Dean didn’t mind having to get up to see Sammy; between their two very hectic schedules, the two brothers barely had time to see each other.
He carried his little daughter back to her bedroom and tried to explain, “Mr. Winchester and Daddy got into a little argument. It’s nobody’s fault, sometimes adults get into arguments.”
Dean watched Cas’s face intently, trying to figure out what was wrong when his feet suddenly stopped moving, “I’ll be home in one minute.” Cas quickly hung up and walked back towards Dean.
It didn’t take him long to find it; quickly pulling up to it, he turned off his bike and waited for Dean to pull off the helmet and get off before he did. Dean gave Cas a questioning look, “You didn’t take me out here to kill me, right?”
The drive home was one of the rougher ones Dean has had but he just focused on getting home and not breaking down on the highway.
Cas reached up to touch his nose, remembering the embarrassment from yesterday, “Oh, that… yeah, I’m okay. Got into a pretty intense fight.”
He wasn’t careful tonight; he was distracted and emotional. His form was sloppy and haphazard in how he assaulted the other man. His fists didn’t hit hard, they were simply brushed off. The counter-attack from his opponent was simply too much for Cas.
Heavily sighing Dean took them from Cas, “Son of a bitch.” Without missing a beat, Dean pulled out his phone and after a moment started speaking, “Charlie, I need the subway footage from the purple line from last night around 10 pm. Yeah… just grab all of it.”
“Just give him time. And just so you know, whatever is going on between you two, I totally support you.”
Cas brought his hands up to hold onto Dean’s chin; looking slightly down into his lust blown eyes Cas spoke harshly, “I bet you’d be such a good boy for me, wouldn’t you?”
After the doctors were pleased with Dean’s progress and lack of infection, they decided he could go home and that’s when Cas learned how terrible of a patient Dean really was. He didn’t ask for everything, in fact, it was the opposite; he asked for nothing and insisted on getting everything himself. Glass of water? Hobbling on his crutches. Something from the Impala? Disappears for an hour. Something from his room? Crawling on all fours down the hall. Cas has yelled, “Will you stop getting up?!” more than he’s said anything else.
Still in a blind rage, Cas tackled Alastair onto the ground before sitting up so he was straddling him. He landed blow after blow onto Alastair’s thin face.
Cas was the one who locked it behind him before taking a deep breath and walking over to Annie and picking her up, softly stroking her hair and letting her bury her face into his neck, “Why was Mr. Winchester yelling?”
Charlie followed Cain’s dark figure across the city to a normal looking ranch house. It was a small white home with a well-groomed lawn and a fresh coat of paint on the shutters. But inside, a monster stood with blood splattered clothes and a cold look in his eye.
Dean hit his knees and sobbed against Gabe’s shoulder, “I love you, wake up… don’t leave me, Cas. You can’t just leave me... I love you.”
Chuck told her to go to her room, Anna started to cry, he stood up and grabbed her arm, she pushed him off, Chuck slapped her, Cas saw red.
Eventually, he ended up at a grave with a man sitting in front of it. Looking down at the grave he saw his own name engraved on it. And the man in front of it? Dean. His Dean. The real Dean. Cas knelt next to him and reached out to touch his hand, “…baby?”
When Dean stepped out of the bathroom, a huge grin spread over his face; Cas was laid out on top of the motel bed’s tan comforter in his boxers with a joint hanging out of his mouth and a black lighter being spun in his slender fingers, “You’re so pretty.”
When they got their food and started to eat Dean and Cas started to talk to Annie about school. Dean was the first one to mention it, “So, Annie, your dad told me that Rebecca wasn’t being too nice to you. Want to tell me about that?”
Dean hated knowing Cas thought he had to apologize about things he couldn’t control, “It’s all good. It’s kind of nice to relax and just take a stroll.”
Dean was left standing in the empty room until the same nurse Cas shoved earlier came in to check on him, “Sir, are you okay?”
The look Cas gave him was priceless. Wide shocked eyes, Cas whispered, “Oh my god. What did you just say?”
Cas is kidnapped and taken to a factory by Cain where he is told to beg for his life. When Cas refuses, Cain tortures and rapes him until he does beg for his life. Dean and the rest of the team find him and Dean goes with him to the hospital
Laughing, Cas looked out the window at the golden glow the sunset painted in the sky, “Okay well then I guess I’m just going to have to figure something out...”
Dean’s stomach flopped and his palms were slick with sweat as he rushed up to the nurse’s station in the E.R. Nothing made sense. His world was spinning as he approached a kind looking woman, “Hi, I’m Dean Winchester. I’m looking for Cas and Anna Novak.”
This case was driving the experienced detective mad. From the first victim, Dean and his team had searched for everything; security cam footage, DNA, fingerprints, anything and everything to catch who would do something like this. Everyone was at a loss; there was no indication of any possible suspect.
Dean sounded just as devastated as Cas felt, “I’ll be right home.” When he did get home, Dean sat next to Cas and started stroking Abby’s head with him.
They started with what they were familiar with, Dean slowly jerking off Cas and once he heard his low, quiet moans Dean moved between Cas’s legs and took his hard cock deep into his throat. Cas groaned and grabbed the soft sheets. After a few minutes, Dean very slowly circled a lube covered finger around Cas’s hole, circling his tongue around Cas’s leaking head to distract him.
Much to Dean’s dismay, his cock was hard and leaking against his stomach, “What do you want?!” He groaned and shifted in bed, trying to get comfortable, “No, I’m not doing this. I’m going to bed.”
Jess and Mary both knowingly gave him a small smile that came from a woman’s intuition. Jess glanced into her glass, “I know, Dean. It’s alright. I really am happy you and Cas are happy together. You know me, I worry about everyone.”
One week later, Dean and Cas were munching on Chinese food at the kitchen table when Dean nudged Cas’s shin under the table, “So, Cas, what’s next for you? You know, after this summer?”
Kevin and Sam grabbed his arms and tried to stop him while Bobby grabbed his gun and tore it away from him, “Settle down! Give me the gun now!”
Cas barely made it to bed that night, even with Anna’s help. After a restless night of sleep, he woke up to find that Anna had spent the night with him. She was sitting up on Dean’s —the other side of the bed, carefully weaving delicate red flowers into intricate crowns.
That night around midnight, Dean woke up and shuffled to the kitchen to get a bottle of water. He tried to be quiet with his oversized pajamas muffling his steps but when he saw that Cas was still awake, he gave up on that plan, “Hey, it’s late… try to get some rest.”
Back where Dean is standing, completely shell-shocked, Annie’s small voice piped up, “Daddy said a bad word.”
After they ate and Cas reassured Dean that yes, he really was okay, they got back in the Impala and Abby jumped in the back seat on the blanket Dean had put down. He was a little hesitant about having Abby in his car at first but now, the blanket never leaves the backseat neither do her toys or the dog treats in the glove compartment.
Dean and Cas sat in the row directly behind Sam and Anna in the dar and fairly busy movie theater. As the movie progresses, Sam and Anna jump and let out muffled screams before laughing with each other. They were having a good time but Dean was genuinely scared. He had his eyes tightly closed and his hand was gripping onto the armrest.
Jo and Sam both hugged them as well. Dean tightly hugged Anna and raked his eyes over Cas before lightly hugging him, hoping Cas couldn’t feel his half-hard boner through his jeans.
When they did get to the school, Annie was a bouncing ball of pink and blonde, clinging to Cas’s strong hand. They walked into the front office where a kind-looking brunette woman smiled at Cas, who stuck his hand out to greet her, “Hi, I’m Cas Novak. This is Annie Novak, it’s her first day here.”
Sitting back down in her chair, Charlie put an arm around her and whispered, “It’s okay. He knows… he knows.”
Gabe was by his side in a second, “Shit, you okay?” Gabe’s strong hands heaved Cas to his feet and immediately started to try and stop the blood that was pouring out of Cas’s nose. Half carrying Cas inside, Gabe sat Cas down at the kitchen table while Alfie ran off to get a towel.
Cas admired Dean’s skilled, freckled hands as they artfully put his gun back together and thought about the bitter man who changed into a big softie and showed him love and kindness.
The park was about ten minutes from their house and five from the restaurant. The late October weather had stripped the trees of their leaves, leaving them covering the sidewalks and the woodchips of the playground at the park.
Until one day, one month into the six-month academy, when Cas was stretching and doing an easy sequence when Dean caught a glimpse of his back which was brightly illuminated by the afternoon sun. He cringed at the memories of finding Cas on his kitchen floor and in that old factory. Dean walked over to Cas mid warrior’s pose and wrapped him up in his arms.
Sam hesitated but not by much, “I met a girl. Her name is Jessica. She’s blonde and gorgeous and the sweetest person in the world. She’s a nurse.”
Back at Lawrence Elementary, Dean was helping the kids start their math lesson; adding and subtracting single digit numbers. Annie was being a model student; she was attentive, kind, respectful to her teacher and her fellow students and she was for the entire day.
Cas waved him off, “Nothing you need to worry about. I just needed to see my baby girl.” He nodded his head toward the car where Annie was playing with the radio stations.
“It’s a dark green button up.” Dean’s voice sounded a little off but Cas didn’t know what was wrong until the sales girl piped up, “It’s a disgusting bright pink color. I don’t even know why we sell that shirt… it’s terrible.”
My knowledge of court is from taking one semester of mock trial in high school and watching SVU... sorry if it's not realistic! :)
Still holding Cas’s slowly tightly against his Dean couldn’t help but smirk at the cute little ‘uh uh uh’ noises that were punched out of Cas with every thrust.
Crowley rolled his eyes and sighed, “Your honor, could you please instruct the witness to answer questions with yes or no.”
Cas grabbed Dean’s sweatshirt and pulled him into a loving kiss, needing to feel Dean the way Dean can look at him. They held each other close and showed their love the way that was just theirs.
Dean turned Cas back around to face him before running his hands down Cas’s chest and stomach, “Why not? I want this, please.”
Cas snapped his head up, his blue eyes looked worried and almost scared as he stumbled over his words, “Y—you’re right, sir. That’s stupid, you probably noticed that already.”
Cas thought for a minute, carefully considering Dean’s offer, “Well… I guess that’s okay. Just be safe, okay?”
Before he left, Dean gently shook Cas’s shoulder, “Morning, Cas. I’m going to the station for a little bit. Get some more sleep, there’s coffee in the kitchen and feel free to eat anything. The TV remote is next to you. Shower if you want, make yourself at home. I’ll be back in a little bit.”
It didn’t take either of them very long to be fed up with waiting. Turning back around to face Cas, Dean applied a fair amount of lube onto Cas’s painfully hard cock. Dean lined himself up and slowly sunk onto Cas until he was fully buried in Dean.
After pulling away, Cas offered him an almost embarrassed smile, “Thanks for the other day. Sorry about being such a mess.”
His wandering eyes found Cas’s laundry basket. Next to one basket was a separate one. Dean could see Cas’s blood-splattered uniform shirt inside of it. His thoughts drifted to the things Cas must see and how he manages to push all of that aside and still be the wonderful person and father he is.
Sam shifted uncomfortably in the doorway, “Ice cream… we are having ice cream and watching a movie.”
Still not understanding but dropping it anyway, “Just give me the papers.” Dean snatched them out of Cas’s nimble fingers. After skimming over them, Dean finally made eye contact with Cas again, “Okay, Novak. Here’s how things are going to go; I tell you what to do and you do what I say, when I say it. Got it?”
“Well, right now, Cassie and I are staying at our brother, Gabriel’s house. He’s in Germany, he’s in the military.”
Cas tried to shoot Dean an unamused look but it just came out as uncontrollable giggles at how ridiculous they must look.
That night, Dean and Cas were sitting on the couch and relaxing when Cas asked Dean’s least favorite question, “Why did you become a detective?”
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him on the ice. Dean groaned at the chill that spread through him, “Let me up, you jerk!”
The next morning, Dean and Cas were sitting in front of the TV, drinking coffee and trying to wake up when Sam called Dean, “Hey, Dean. Could you and Cas come to the courthouse at two? Jody wants to meet up.”
After eating a good dinner, Charlie stayed on the pull out couch fully-supplied with the full Harry Potter series.
While the friends enjoyed their delicious food, Cas cruised down Central Ave until he pulled his bike into Singer’s Auto Shop. He was greeted by a surly looking man who was wearing a baseball cap and his dirty work clothes.
Dean moaned at the delicious warmth of Cas’s tongue. When he felt the tight elastic band drag over his erection followed by Cas’s lips wrapping around his shaft, Dean’s moans filled the dark car.
“Who doesn’t?” Yup, Cas was pretty perfect. Dean smiled at him and placed a burger in front of him along with two pills. Cas smiled back at him before swallowing the pills, kicking himself for not taking them earlier as the pain was starting to get worse, “Thank you, sir.”
After they ordered, Cas pulled off his sunglasses and holy fucking shit—Sam was right. Cas’s eyes were the loveliest blue. Dean couldn’t help but stare at them, they complimented Cas so well; he really did look like an angel. Once again, Dean asked a bit of an abrupt question because of how flustered he was, “So, were you born blind?”
Dean had to use every ounce of self-control not to pounce on Cas and his fucking gorgeous body, “Baby… as tempting as that is, I don’t think it’s safe.”
Dean was quick to pull out the earplugs he had in his pocket and hand them to Cas who easily put them in her ears. Once the noise was muffled, she happily sat with her father and Dean, enjoying the beautiful colors that lit up the sky.
It didn’t take long before Cas asked Dean to turn back over. When Dean laid on his back, his neck and chest were bright pink and covered in a thin layer of sweat. The view of Cas rolling on a condom and stroking himself a few times to spread the lube over himself was enough to fill his spank bank forever.
“Cas! When you’re done with that one, I got a Street Glide for you!” Bobby’s deep voice boomed through the dusty old shop's empty halls.
“She’s beautiful. So, what can I get for you today?” Sam grabbed a pad of paper and a pen, his hand ready to write down their orders.
The old man’s demeanor quickly changed, “Thank you, good job on her.” He turned to Dean, “You staying for dinner?”
Dean smirked and kissed down Cas’s neck before licking over one of his nipples. When Cas’s breathy moan filled the silence, Dean sucked harder at his hardening nipple before hooking his thumbs into the waistband of Cas’s pajama pants, “Still okay?”
Dean and Cas had already set up a rental home by the ocean for June twenty-eighth to July sixth. They had also rented a Jeep for their vacation.
“I knew you were a bottom!” She turned and yelled to where Jo was behind the counter, “You owe me ten bucks!” Going back to Dean she stopped laughing, “Okay, sorry. So seriously, how was it?”
The silence that fell over them wasn’t uncomfortable; it was peaceful and comforting. Filled with the smooth sound of the pages turning or sometimes a grunt from Dean if Cas was turning the page too fast.
Charlie’s heart broke and it was obvious she was feeling just as guilty as Dean, “We found Cain. He was arrested for multiple counts of murder, kidnapping, and attempted murder.”
In the ambulance, Cas tied a blue band around Dean’s right arm and softly said, “Big stick, keep your arm still.” Carefully, he pushed in the I.V needle and winched at the hiss Dean let out, “Sorry, baby.”
Trying to be polite but wanting to get far away from the situation, Cas shook his head, “No, thank you.”
Rolling his eyes, Sam seemed displeased, “Dude, for the last time I wasn’t the one who stole your Halloween candy! It was mom!”
Deciding he wasn’t going to win this one because there was no way he could deny Dean anything, “This one is the first picture I have of her. It was a few weeks after I adopted her after we got her healthy and some weight put on her.” It was a picture of a younger looking Cas in loose pajamas with a bundle of pink blanket in his arms.
When Charlie was gone, Cas leaned down to give Abby a drink of the cool water before starting to drink his latte.
Bobby slapped Dean on his shoulder, the way a father would to an obstinate teenager, “Yeah, well… be motivational now. I’m sticking the intern with you, his name is Castiel Novak.”
“Charlie is about your height. She has short, curly red hair. Sam is about seven feet tall and has long brown hair. Dean is shorter than Sam but still taller than you. He has blonde-ish hair and green eyes.”
Cas could barely move until he realized that the firefighters were prying the passenger door off Charlie’s car. He grabbed his med bag and started to run to the car; on the way, he saw Charlie being wheeled away on Hannah and Miriam’s stretcher. He stopped quickly to make sure she was okay. With tears in her eyes, Charlie was trying to calm her panicked breathing as she shakily said, “D—Dean…”
That was the first time Dean saw Cas without his sleek, black jacket; his grey t-shirt perfectly showed off his tattoo-covered arms. The black and white art was highlighted by a few well-placed spots of color. The pattern of black intricate lines and shading outlined his muscles in the most beautiful way imaginable. Dean really did try his best not pop a boner in front of everyone thinking about those strong muscular arms holding him as Cas-- whoa. Cas doesn't even like him that much. Dean quickly shook the thought out of his head.
That night at five o'clock, Anna changed about four times before Cas stuck his head in her room and smiled warmly at her in her teal skirt and white sweater, “Love, you look perfect. It’s just Sam, don’t worry about it.” That’s when Dean honked his horn from outside.
Cas brought two fingers up to Dean’s mouth, “Suck.” Dean immediately complied, obscenely sucking on Cas’s index and middle finger, trying to get them soaking wet.
Cas painfully moaned and reached out to Abby who gently licked his fingers. Again, Cas groaned but this time, being a little more coherent asked, “Gabe?”
“Okay, I’ll be there in ten minutes. Just take some deep breaths, everything will be okay.” After hanging up the phone, Cas wrote Anna a quick note of where he was and left it on their kitchen table before grabbing his keys and tugging on his helmet.
From his lips to God’s ears. A few minutes later, Annie jumped on a particularly slippery rock causing her to slip and fall onto the sand, scraping her leg on the way down.
“Mom? Mom… wake up.” Dean Winchester shook his mother’s pale shoulder, trying to wake her up after an all-night love fest with one of her favorite red wines. Hearing her son's voice pierce through her dreams of crushed metal and flame; her blue eyes opened quickly. It was clear to Dean that she did not get a good night’s rest, something neither of them would admit she desperately needed.
Dean stepped through the front door of his childhood home in Lawrence dragging his large duffle bag of dirty laundry over the threshold. He had just finished moving out of his dorm at Kansas State University; most of his belongings were already home, including his diploma for engineering that was framed in the living room. With his degree, Bobby gladly gave him a job at the garage until he could get his own setup and now, at twenty-three it was time to start his own business.
Dean handed the young intern the large sealed plastic bag and watched him root through it until he pulled out her wallet. After looking through the small leather wallet, Cas shyly handed Dean the woman’s subway card and ticket receipts for the purple line.
Now that Dean was closer to Cas he could easily see the dark bags under Cas’s otherwise bright blue eyes. Cas ran a stressed hand over his face, “Rough call.”
Cas took a deep breath before explaining the call, “I don’t want you to worry but I have your mother in the ambulance. She had some shortness of breath and chest pain. She’s doing okay though. Would you like to talk to her?”
Cas added another finger and started to harshly fuck Dean with them. This moment was perfect; one of the most attractive boys he’d ever seen was splayed out on his bed, desperately gripping onto the sheets and obscenely moaning as he fucked himself down on Cas’s large fingers.
“I moved to Kansas City to be with my parents for a while. They helped a lot with Annie. I have to admit, I kind of jumped into the whole fatherhood with absolutely no knowledge.” Thankfully, Naomi and Chuck were supportive and loving towards Cas and his new little girl.
Hearing Dean plead with him, broke Cas’s heart. He finally willed himself to look at Dean; Cas could see the tears slowly flooding over the brilliant green of Dean’s eyes. His freckles still spread over his face, even in the dead of winter. Cas noticed the slight stubble that had started to grow on Dean’s jaw, he looked so beautiful. Realizing he was staring, Cas decided to hesitantly climb into the passenger seat.
While they ate their delicious breakfasts, they all decided that Dean should spend the day with them. Once they finished up and got home, Annie begged Cas to let her watch the Jungle Book circa 1967. Agreeing, he and Dean sat next to each other on the couch. Cas had an arm around each of them.
Feeling Cas pound into his mouth, Dean had tears streaming down his face but he loved it. If Cas wanted to use his mouth, he would gladly let him. His green eyes looked up at Cas’s beautiful lustful expression, he let out a whine at how gorgeous Cas looked.
Against all better judgment, Cas stripped off his t-shirt and laid down on his stomach. Dean’s brain shit itself. Cas had huge black wings tattooed across his shoulder blades that spread out down his back. Each individual feather was intricate and detailed. The dark feathers resembled Cas’s hair; dark, black and slightly rumpled. Dean didn’t even know he was staring until Cas cleared his throat, “Everything okay?”
Dean pulled his fingers away and slicked himself up before using one hand to hold Cas’s hips up and the other to slide into him.
She beamed up at his green eyes, “Yes sir! Daddy said saying sir is very important for good manners and respect!”
“Me too, sweetheart. I got you.” Dean unwrapped his arm from behind Cas and took Cas’s leaking cock into his hand, easily stroking him a few times before hearing the sweetest moan he’s ever heard and feeling Cas cover both of them with warm cum.
Instead of accepting her help, he did what big brothers do best and messed with her. He grabbed her arm and pulled her onto the ice between him and Dean and proceeded to tickle her until she was threatening to pee her pants.
Gabe was the one who answered Sam, “I’ll take my usual, Cassie will have a latte and some water for Abby.”
Cas blushed and grabbed Dean’s t-shirt before pulling it off of him. His blue eyes traced over Dean’s torso as he smiled, “I really like your freckles.”
Dean was pacing and pulling at his short hair, “WE did this! He should never have been in that position!” Without another word to his colleagues, Dean walked out of the building and didn’t bother to look back. He didn’t want to see weapons, handcuffs, paperwork, criminals or other officers; he wanted to go to Cas. Dean wanted to make sure Cas was okay, he wanted to take care of him, to fix the horrible mistake he made.
Dean didn’t need to hear anything else; he gladly dropped to his knees between Cas and the door. Cas caressed Dean’s cheek, admiring how his freckles stood out against his light skin, “Aren’t you a pretty picture?”
Trying not to be embarrassed that he planned for this, Cas pulled out the small bottle of lube from his pocket and slicked up two fingers. He roughly pushed them both completely into Dean who let out a strangled cry at the mix of pain and pleasure. As Cas slowly dragged his fingers in and out of him, he used his free hand to unbutton his jeans and use the lube to slick up his hard length.
The two laughed together as Cas peeled away, taking the next exit off the highway to get back to Lawrence. Soon, Cas pulled onto a quiet back road, looking for a very specific spot; the abandoned hunting cabin he had seen a few days back while he was out for a drive.
Cas felt Alastair’s nose break but he didn’t stop. Instead, he wrapped his left hand tightly around Alastair’s throat while his right fist continued to beat him bloody.
Dean pushed the door open and stepped into Cas’s bedroom; the walls were white and he had a dark blue comforter on his queen sized bed. One thing Dean noticed that he didn’t think Cas would be into were the seemingly endless stacks of books on the floor and on his nightstand. Cas was searching through the piles when Dean walked in, “Hey, Cas.”
Dean broke down as he took Cas’s uninjured hand in his. He sobbed as he kissed Cas’s cheek and tried to ignore the tube down his throat and the constant hiss and beep of the machines that were keeping him alive.
A chirpy reply of, “Nope!” answered Cas, making him roll his eyes. Annie was six-years-old and as cute as a button. Cas had adopted her almost six years ago when she was two months old. Now, she was the light of his life.
Annie continued to smile at him and told him to have a nice day before walking out to the parking lot to find Gabe’s car.
Fifth, was the day they adopted their first and only child. She was a six month old with soft, olive skin, blonde hair, and shining blue eyes. Her name was May and she was the light of their lives. Dean and Cas were protective papas from the moment they held her. Dean gently handed Cas their new daughter, wrapped in a pink blanket. Cas hugged her and softly kissed her chubby cheeks.
Before they could leave the waiting room, the same doctor from last night approached them, “Hello, just so you’re aware, we did have to give Castiel a bit more sedation so, between that and the morphine, he’s a little out of it. He consented to you being his emergency contact instead of a parent so I should inform you that we did a rape kit and we did find evidence of assault.”
Cas nodded and scooted forward and took Dean into his mouth, hungrily sucking him off. Dean grabbed Cas’s hair tight enough that he could feel it but lose enough that he could easily move his head, “You’re so good. Oh… Cas. I know you love it.” Cas hummed and tightly sucked on Dean’s heard length. When Dean came deep into Cas’s throat, Cas greedily sucked every drop out of him.
Cas thought Dean was going to have a heart attack when he said that. Luckily they were able to get back to Dean’s in only a few minutes. When they did get back, Cas waited until Dean was out of the car before picking him up and throwing him over his shoulder. Dean giggled when Cas smacked his ass and carried him through the front door, practically running up to Dean’s bedroom.
Cas had to take a moment to compose himself before he could move. Dean’s hot, wet heat tightly wrapped around his swollen cock was enough to make him see stars. Cas lazily thrust into Dean a few times before they were both aching for more.
Dean could feel his knees get weak and his boner press hard against his zipper as Cas moved his lips down onto Dean’s neck, sucking a dark purple mark onto his pulse point before harshly grazing his teeth over the same spot.
Dean slammed on the breaks, “It’s freezing out, you’re going to get sick. We don’t have to talk just… please, Cas.”
Mary was discharged from the hospital two hours later once the doctors were sure that it truly was just angina. After she was discharged, Dean brought her home, clearly fussing over his mother; placing a pillow behind her on the couch, wrapping her in a blanket, getting her something light to eat, a bottle of water, and the T.V remotes.
To everyone’s surprise, Cas’s still slightly slurred voice answered him, “Fuckin’ nothin’” He slapped away Dean’s gentle hands, “Get off.” Shakily, Cas tried to stand up but once his heavy, black boots hit the floor, the head rush he felt caused his knees to buckle.
Cas carefully laid down on the bed and even though he and Dean didn’t touch, the comfort of having Dean close was still enough to let Cas drift off to sleep.
As Charlie drove them to the station, Dean’s mind raced with thoughts of hurt blue eyes and blood-stained skin. By the time they were there, Dean was ready to shed a little blood of his own. He cocked his handgun and stormed into the station. Running through the doors, he reached the outside of the interrogation room where Bobby, Sam, and Kevin were waiting, “Where the fuck is this asshole?!”
In the morning, Dean’s temperature was 102.5. His vomiting started all over again while Cas held him and over the next two days, forced Dean to eat some crackers and toast and drink water.
It seemed like forever until Dean’s shy reply filled the silence, “I was scared…fuck… I’m just so damn scared of losing you. Cas… I’ve never loved anyone before and you came storming into my life and you made me love you. I was scared that if I told them then it would change things.”
Dean felt his stomach lurch and twist horribly in his gut. He needed to see Cas, right now, “Can I please see him?”
Dean certainly did not appreciate that. “Cas, seriously what the fuck?! Why can’t you just let me help you? Is it so terrible that I want to talk about how my boyfriend is feeling?”
Dean put the photo on the desk before turning around and giving Cas a pained smile. Dean gently put a hand on Cas’s chest, moving him backward a few steps. Then, without warning, Dean turned towards the artist, Zeke, and slammed his fist into the smirk that was still on Zeke’s face.
Gabe kissed her head, “Night, sweet dreams.” Annie was too tired to pick her head up off Cas’s shoulder and say goodnight back.
The drive to the Topeka EMS dispatch center was thirty minutes but not a hard drive. At the center, Cas walked up to his assigned ambulance, 3220, where his old partner, Alfie, was sitting in the passenger seat, “Alfie! Hey, man.”
Dean leaned forward and ran his hands down Cas’s firm sides and over his hips, “I’m one lucky son of a bitch.” He pressed a kiss on Cas’s cock, over his panties and when he heard Cas’s quiet breathy moan, Dean smirked at him, “Hands and knees, sweetheart.”
Mary, John, Sam, Charlie, and Bobby, who are all listening through the door, are just shocked that Dean is being open and honest about his feelings for once.
Even though she didn’t like it, Ann patiently waited for Cas to be done rinsing out the white bubbles. She smiled and wiggled around, “Yeah, he’s awesome!”
With Abby snuggled up against his stomach, Cas fell asleep and didn’t wake up until the next morning when Gabe shook his shoulder, “Earth to Cas. You just slept for fifteen hours… you’re starting to scare me. Wake up now, okay?”
Dean's shaking breath escaped his throat as his cheeks flushed with his sadness and embarrassment, “I think I should go.”
Feeling sleep taking him back, Cas could barely stay awake long enough to whisper back, “I love you more.”
Castiel jumped out of bed and ran to her room down the hall, ready to protect Anna from anything. When he got to her room, she was still asleep. Her sweat and tears mixed on her face. He brushed her hair back and held her until she stopped sobbing. Castiel internally cursed his father for breaking his sister, for hurting and scaring her and for doing the same to him.
After a long, exhausting day, Dean fell asleep faster than he thought he would and didn’t wake up until Bobby shook his shoulder the next morning, “Dean? Come on, son. Wake up.”
Not that Dean cared but he still didn’t have an answer by the time he pulled up to Cas’s house. He honked once then twice, still no answer.
“Dean, I know you’re bored but I have five hours left of my shift. When I get home I promise I’ll occupy you.” Cas smirked after hearing Dean’s sigh of frustration.
After Dean replied, “You too.” Cas left and no matter how hard Dean tried, he couldn’t not stare at Cas’s ass; his uniform was snug and his pants were doing holy things to Cas’s legs.
Holding the helmet under his muscular arm, Cas walked towards the school's front entrance, calling back to the freckled-boy over his shoulder, his deep blue eyes shining in humor, “I’ll see you later, Dean.”
Cas’s breath hitched at the sight of his boyfriend’s tight cock outlined by the thin red fabric, “I am one lucky son of a bitch.”
Without saying much more, Cas walked out of the hospital and for the first time since the worst night of his life, he took the subway back to Dean’s house. It was filled with anxiety and horrible flashbacks that did nothing but add fuel to the pit of anxiety building in his stomach. Things were going so well… why does everything have to fall apart?
They laid together in a content, blissed-out silence until Cas kissed Dean’s cheek, “I love you, Dean.”
After their introductions, they all sat on the couch just trying to catch up. It wasn’t long before Gabe came back home with his girlfriend, Kali. Then Charlie and her girlfriend,  Dorothy came over. Then Mary and finally Chuck and Naomi.
“Yeah, totally.” No, he wasn’t. Dean’s thoughts were roaming from Cas to pie and back. One issue was resolved when Jessica came back with their orders.
That’s right, five guys and one dog in a small house. Gabe, Mike, Alfie, and Luke were all part of the same garrison in the army, serving from Fort Leavenworth. The military fort is a short hour away from their house so thankfully, they usually weren’t all in the tiny house at one time.
The small voice that came through the phone snapped him out of his daze in two seconds. It was Annie and she definitely didn’t sound happy. Her voice was small and almost scared, “Daddy? I can’t sleep, you have to say it.”
Cas grabbed the bag from Dean and stuffed it back in his backpack while Dean started to drive towards one of the motels in town. It was small and a little run down, which made Dean a little upset; not because he had a problem with it, he often had to stay in crappy motels when he traveled for work but Cas deserved better. He wanted to give him a big castle on a hill, full of luxury and comfort but for right now, they’ll have to make-do with the Fern Motel.
He could, however, feel Dean move. Laughing, he nudged Dean’s side with his elbow, “Did you just try to high-five me?”
The harsh crack of the judge’s gravel filled the air, “ORDER! Mr. Crowley, I strongly recommend you control your client!”
Sam and Dean knocked on the Novak’s front door around six o’clock. Anna opened the door with a huge smile on her face, something everyone was thankful she was able to keep through this hard time. She hugged both Dean and Sam before leading them inside, “Would you guys like anything to drink?”
“Dean, I haven’t really done anything before… that happened. I don’t want to disappoint you or not be good enough.”
Before they could continue their conversation, Dean’s phone rang. Another body was found. He ran a hand through his short hair and turned back to Charlie after hanging up, “Another vic, father of four. The body was found near the Industrial Park. Look at the cams for me?”
When they finally got settled at home, Sam cooked a pasta dinner for the three of them. Mary asked them dozens of questions about how school was going and how their friends were. It wasn’t until Mary asked if the boys were dating anyone.
The last thing anybody wanted to see were the tears filling Cas’s eyes, “I want her here… please, I need her.”
Dean threw his head back as Cas brushed against his prostate. Desperate for more, Dean quickened his pace, chasing the glorious, hot feeling in his gut.
Throwing his hands up, Dean shook his head. He was hoping for at least one more day of peace and quiet, “Well, fuck me. Fine.”
Just as they did every night they spent together, Dean held Cas and Cas held Abby as they drifted off to sleep. It wasn’t until two in the morning when Abby’s loud barking jolted Dean out of his sleep. He sleepily nudged Cas, who he had turned away from in his sleep, “Abby’s barking.”
They both walked back to the lunch room together in silence. When they finally got back to the table, Charlie smiled up at them, “Hey, you found him!” Before sitting down, Cas wrapped an arm around Anna and gave her a kiss on her forehead.
When they were both spent, Dean laid down next to Cas and whispered in his ear, “I saw a bathtub and I know how much you’ve wanted one and this one looks big enough for both of us…”
They were standing in the living room which had two couches facing a large T.V, the living room was attached to the kitchen with an open food plan. Off of the living room was one bedroom which was Gabe’s. Down the hallway, was Annie’s bedroom and the door to the basement on the right and Cas’s bedroom and their bathroom on the left.
She opened her mouth to scream but Zach’s hand flew over her mouth, “No ma’am. You get to be quiet.”
When they arrived at the Roadhouse, Charlie and Jo were sitting at their usual table. A small round table in the corner of the old diner; the seats were just one large booth, covered with an old vinyl red cushion. ‘J.H’ ‘C.B’ ‘D.W’ and ‘S.W’ were written on the center of the table in black sharpie. Ellen had been angry that her daughter and friends had marked up one of her tables but after a while, the initials grew on her too.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s getting late, you should eat something. Come on, I’ll cook some dinner.” Dean changed into some sweats in the bathroom but when he walked back into his bedroom, Cas was still sleeping. Dean chuckled and started to tickle Cas’s foot that was hanging out of the covers. An inhuman choked out laugh escaped Cas’s lips as he shot straight up.
“Thanks… Sam, you know where to find me if you need me.” Dean awkwardly walked back to his table, trying not to worry about his younger brother... or think about the rude boy's beautiful features and how plain unfair it was that the universe would make somebody look so perfect and be such an asshole.
Neither heaven nor hell could keep Dean from Cas at that moment. Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair and with the other one squeezed Cas’s shaking hand a little too hard, giving him something to feel and ground himself, “Baby, take a deep breath. I’m here. You’re not alone, I won’t let you get hurt. I’ll always be here. I love you so much.” The heart monitor eventually started to slow with Dean’s encouraging words.
Over the next week, things were quiet between Dean and Cas until Monday at school when the group of friends heard the familiar rumble of Cas’s motorcycle. Dean’s stomach instantly dropped to his feet; Cas’s words repeating over and over in his head, ‘perfect… want you’.
Cas took a step towards the bed but was hit with a memory. The wind in his face. The rumble of his bike. The feeling of happiness. The thoughts of Dean’s smile and kissing that beautiful smile right off his face. Then… nothing. Nothing but a screech and one moment of the worst pain of his life. Then, nothing.
Eventually, they pulled away from each other but only enough to rest their foreheads together, Dean brought his hand up to card through Cas’s hair, “You’re so gorgeous.”
The black-haired boy gladly complied, revving the engine as the asphalt quickly disappeared under them.
The shooting pain in Cas’s jaw didn’t slow him down as he tackled the other member to the ground, another teen named Marco, “Oh, really? You too?! You guys are better than this.”
Seeing Cas’s mostly naked self stretched out and dozing off to the radio next to him in the passenger seat was like a dream come true… until he saw the red and blue lights behind them. Dean groaned and hit the steering wheel, “Oh… son of a bitch!” It didn’t take him long to figure out why there was a cop behind him. Dean looked at the speedometer and saw he was going eighty-five and that definitely was not the speed limit on the two-lane highway.
“You broke the poor kid!” When Bobby yelled that, everyone in the squad room either nodded their head or laughed, remembering last summer's intern.
Mumbling against Cas’s lips, Dean smirked, “Forget the stupid book, my hot fiancé is holding me and I’m not moving.”
Dean chuckled but quickly took the role of teacher again, “Annie, no matter how ‘self-loathing’ somebody may be, that doesn’t mean she can be mean to you. The next time she’s unkind to you, let me know, okay?”
Dean, however, seemed unfazed by the laundry, dishes, kid’s toys, blankets, and pillows that covered the living room, “That’s alright. I basically spend every day with kids. Mess doesn’t bother me.”
When he got to work, Dean was bombarded with questions about Cas. He chose not to answer most of them, he didn’t want to tell anybody anything if Cas wasn’t okay with it. The three people he did talk to were Sam, Charlie, and Bobby; Dean trusted him to be loyal to Cas and not do anything to hurt him.
“Goddamn it, someday I’ll get you.” Dean kissed Cas before getting into the shower, leaving Cas to get dressed.
Sam smiled at Dean with all the adoration that a younger sibling has for their elder sibling, “I missed you too! Jesus… you got old.”
Cas didn’t notice Dean’s sleepy smile and loving eyes watching him until he heard his half-asleep, “Good morning, sweetheart.” Finishing his flow, Cas flopped back down in bed next to Dean who tried to drag Cas back into the warmth, “What time is it?”
As the day started to get later, they were all reminiscing and catching up when Bobby joked, “At least you didn’t break this intern, you just fell in love with him.”
They quickly went their separate ways and Cas found a sales associate to help him, “Hi, I was wondering if you could help me. Do you see a tall guy, blonde-ish hair, green eyes, great jaw, superhot boy?”
Cas clicked on the photo in question and blushed profusely, “That is what happens when Annie and my mother team up on me.” The photo was of Cas in makeup and jewelry with hair clips holding his black hair up in odd directions.
Cas seemed embarrassed that he forgot about that, “Of course. Abby, light.” Abby left Cas’s side only to jump up and grab the light switch with her mouth and flipped it on.
Cas’s stomach dropped to his weak knees. He roughly pushed Alastair away as the panic quickly rose in his chest. This was Seattle all over again.
They both had to laugh at that because it was true; Dean smelt like sweat and vomit, he was pale and shaky and was definitely not perfect at this moment. Still, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and helped him lay down in their makeshift bed on the bathroom floor.
Sam saw right through Dean’s answer, “You’re my big brother. I’ve looked up to you my entire life, I know your guilty face so come on, what did you do?”
He felt a burst of pride at the praise of his car, “Deal. When the drunk driver hit and killed my dad in it, I rebuilt it with Bobby. It’s kind of how I dealt with his death.”
Carefully following instructions, Cas stepped onto the ten o’clock purple line, heading back toward the platform where he saw the suspect. His heart was thumping in his chest with every step he took. He made his way through the still-crowded subway, keeping his eyes open for any suspicious activity. Until it happened…
When Cas sat up, Dean sat on the couch where Cas’s head just was, letting him rest his head on Dean’s legs. Dean took the opportunity to bury a hand in Cas’s soft hair, gently massaging his head.
Cas moaned, “Oh my god. You stretched yourself out for me, didn’t you?” The pressure against his cock was becoming too much so Cas quickly took off his pants and held his arms out, inviting Dean in.
Again, Dean took a deep breath and bobbed his head up and down Cas’s hard cock. He brought one of his hands up to Cas’s bare, strong hip and encouraged him to move. Quickly getting the hint, Cas cradled the back of Dean’s head so it didn’t hit the door and started to slowly fuck his mouth.
After getting a bottle of water, Dean walked back past Cas and saw, even threw in dark, that he was shaking, “Alright, come with me.”
After dropping his bag in the laundry room, Dean shuffled up to his room completely exhausted from the long day of finally moving out of college. His small bedroom looked the same as it did five years ago.
The next one was them sitting in their usual booth in the Roadhouse: ‘Dean made me try Ellen’s “Heart Attack Burger”. I need bypass surgery.’ Dean chuckled at the memory of him and Cas having a contest of who could actually finish the enormous hamburger. Of course, they both got ridiculously sick.
Cas licked him until Dean was practically sobbing, “Cas… please. I need more. I need you to fuck me.”
Dean gently bumped Cas’s shoulder with his, trying to reassure him that it was okay, “No problem. I’m sure you’ll get familiar fast.”
Thankfully, mostly for Dean, Sam visited with coffee and hugs for everyone. He always lit up whatever room he was in and made everybody smile, which is something everyone could use at the moment.
Gabe squeezed her small body close, “How about we go get ice cream and not tell daddy?” Gabe was always sneaking Annie treats and desert, no matter how much Cas begged him not to before she’s had dinner.
After the funeral, Cas needed to get out for a little bit, he was desperate for some time alone with his thoughts. He quickly changed out of his suit and into jeans and a flannel. Cas decided to go for a walk to try and clear his head.
Dean slowly moved his hands up to cup Cas’s face and gently pulled him close, softly kissing him. Cas sighed and leaned into the touch, jumping at the opportunity to touch Dean everywhere he could; his strong arms and back, his defined jawline, and running his hands through Dean’s short sandy-blonde hair. Touching Dean helped Cas imagine what he looked like and needless to say, he was not disappointed. With Dean’s hands securely around his waist, Cas let himself focus on the comforting touch.
The funeral was four days ago, it was small; only the people who were close with Cas were there. When Anna spoke, she couldn’t get half of her eulogy out without breaking down in tears.
Alastair’s breath was hot against Dean’s ear, “Oh, and why not? He’s so innocent… so impressionable.”
She arrived in the office a few minutes later, “Hey, Cassie!” She bounded up to him and tightly hugged him, “What’s going on, big bro?”
While the two younger kids walked into school together, Cas strolled up to Dean looking surprisingly apologetic while fiddling with the helmet that was on Anna's head, “Hey man, look, I shouldn’t have been such a dick. You didn’t deserve it.” Cas kept his eyes downcast, not feeling the ability to meet Dean's gaze.
They walked the emptying hallways as Charlie bounced with joy, “You have come to the right lesbian! I recommend a nice dinner but not the Roadhouse, somewhere you guys have to dress up but as for a gift… I’m not sure. I usually get Jo a vibrator so that’s an option. Or you could get him something sentimental.”
The redhead gently shoved Dean, trying to joke with him, “So, you saw the guy’s dick a few times, doesn’t mean things have to be awkward.”
Their orgasms hit them hard, Cas painting Dean’s chest and Dean coming deep into Cas. Eventually, they managed to separate themselves and quickly clean up. As Dean laid on his back, Cas curled up against his side and drew patterns on his chest, “Hey, Dean? Could I ask you for something?”
Very slowly, Cas woke up and Gabe quickly hit the call button for the nurse. Before Cas could say anything the doctor who performed the surgery came in and started asking him to perform tasks, “Mr. Novak, can you squeeze my fingers for me? Very good. Wiggle your toes? Wonderful… And do you know where you are?”
“I told Charlie and Jo, that’s it! You hurt me Cas, what else was I supposed to do?! Keep it in like you do?! Because clearly, that works out so well for you!”
Dean threw his head back laughing at the image of Cas in his leather jacket and spiky black hair with a dainty little flower crown on. Then the thought manages to sneak its way into his mind,
Cas very lightly grazed his teeth along Dean’s cock, “Good boy… such a good boy. You like getting finger fucked? You’re such a good little slut for me. I want to see you cum all over yourself.” Cas wrapped a strong, spit-soaked hand around Dean as his fingers pushed hard against his prostate.
Dean looked almost offended, “Of course, I did! I drove there as fast as I could and it was just some robber but I sort of snapped at him for being stupid and taking the subway so late at night.”
He tried to be confident, hearing his usual supporters cheers. People collectively had bet over three hundred dollars on Cas.
“Bedside drawer.” Dean tried his best not to think about Cas using it to jerk off and coming all over himself, those thoughts definitely didn’t help his boner. Trying to distract himself he squirted some of the lotion into his palms and rubbed his hands together, warming it up.
Leaning over the toilet and violently throwing up, Cas looked over his shoulder and glared at Dean, “Baby, you know I love you but right now… I hate you so much.”
When Anna saw Sam, she waved at him and smiled (even though he couldn’t see it under her helmet). Castiel quickly reached behind him and gently grabbed Anna’s arm and wrapped it securely back around his waist, saying something Dean couldn't hear.
Even though the mask muffled her a bit, Cas new what he heard when she answered,  “Mary Winchester.”
After another minute of being a grump, Dean finally got out of bed and they both got ready for their day. Dean put on his dress shirt, tie, slacks, and dress shoes while Casa dressed in his street clothes. Instead of driving to the station with Dean in the Impala, Cas pulled on his helmet and rode in front of Dean on his motorcycle. Dean was pretty skeptical about Cas buying the small bike but he wanted Cas to be happy. Anyway, he had to admit, Cas looked pretty hot on that bike.
At Cas’s police academy graduation in April, Dean was the loudest one there, cheering like an absolute moron. Everyone in the stands, including Bobby, Charlie, Sam, and Kevin, were either laughing or annoyed but Cas was bright red as he shook the commissioner’s hand and accepted his certificate. Cas only got redder when Dean stood up and yelled, “That’s my boyfriend!”
The bright moonlight shined into the room and illuminated Cas’s light skin, it streaked through his damp bed-hair and made him look gorgeous.  Dean was lost in his thoughts of promises to do everything in his power to make Cas happy. He was interrupted by Cas’s deep, sleep-filled voice, “Dean? What are you doing?”
Bobby smiled at Cas, “Maybe be honest with him. Tell him what’s going on and why you did the things you did… anyway, it’s getting late. I have my truck, we can but your bike in the back.”
At the end of the message, Cas opened up the picture app on his phone and pulled up a photo of his father making a ridiculous face and his mother looking completely unamused. He showed Dean and rolled his eyes, “My dad is probably driving her crazy.”
Bobby smiled but it almost seemed sad, “Of course you would… Cas, listen to me. My dad used to throw me and my mom around. I wasted a long time being angry and alone. Don’t throw away your life.”
“Give it a chance, Dean. I know you and I have some trust issues to work through but not every guy is dad.” Yup, there it is. The one bad thing about having somebody as close to you as Sam is to Dean; they know everything going on in your head… whether you want them to or not.
“Dean, don’t speed. You know I hate it.” Mary suddenly groaned and dropped Cas’s phone, clutching at her chest as the pain continued to flare up again.
Dean quickly lifted his head and looked towards the entrance where Cas had just walked in. His black hair looked particularly disheveled and he had a stripe of grease on his shirt and one across his forehead.
Cas’s blue eyes were full of blinding rage, “You get dick once and go blabbing about it to everyone?"
Moving down between Dean’s legs, Cas licked a long, slow stripe up his cock. Dean let out a long and desperate whimper.
Dean’s thought of, 'Fatherhood is a nice feeling.' Was quickly pushed out of his head but the smile it brought to his face lingered.
Dean scowled at him, roughly yanking his arm out of Alastair’s nasty, clammy hands, his anger quickly building in his chest, “Don’t fucking talk about him.”
Dean scoffed and happily walked over to where Annie was sitting with her stuffed bunny, zebra, and teddy bear, “Well, any good tea party needs a waiter.” As he went to go fill up her small plastic teapot with the iced tea in the fridge and try to find some proper tea-time snacks, Dean couldn’t help but smile at how sweet and innocent Annie is. That quickly changed when he remembered how her life started and the horrific scene Cas had to endure today; it made him hate the world and the people in it. However, when he walked back into Annie’s room, back into the small bubble of make-believe, Dean tried to forget about the bad in the world and focus on this moment of happiness.
On the night in question, Cas grumpily pulled on his suit before walking downstairs to ask Anna what she thought.
Dean immediately was by her side, trying to dust off the sand and hush her cries. He knew she was most likely more shaken up than hurt but the blood leaking from the wound on her calf still worried him.
Cas wished he could see his and Dean’s beautiful home. He also wished he could see the faces of the kids he helped every day.
Dean licked his palm twice and wrapped it around both of their cocks, slowly stroking them together; precum and saliva making them slick as they rutted against each other. With every stroke Dean twisted his hand, pushing both of them closer to the edge. Even though Cas’s moans seemed like enough, Dean wanted to ask, “Are you sure this is okay?”
Dean smiled and took one large step towards Cas before bringing his hands to Cas’s slim hips and pulling him close. Their lips fit together easily in a slow, curious but still heated kiss.
Dean’s running footsteps were the first thing Cas heard. He was woozy and everything spun around him but Dean’s hand on his shoulder was firm and real, Dean’s voice was clear through the pain, “Cas? Okay, stay with me. You’re okay, you’re going to be fine. I’m here… BOBBY! HURRY!”
Dean could already smell the warm salt coming from the crashing waves, he could feel the sun on his skin as he and Cas watch Annie play in the sand, “We are just going to have to change that.”
Cas jumped up from his chair and placed the oxygen mask back over her mouth and nose after putting two aspirin pills in her mouth and telling her to chew then swallow them. He quickly ran another EKG which showed some depressions but nothing that resembled a heart attack per se. Putting a soothing hand on her shoulder, Cas tried to reassure her, “Just take some deep breaths, Mary. You’re going to be okay.”
Both of them were obviously hard so when their cocks ground together, neither could contain their moans. Dean scratched his nails down Benny’s muscular back desperately searching for more.
Dean’s eyes traced over Cas’s bed hair, his bloodshot eyes, his sharp jawline, his thin neck and shoulders, “Oh, Cas… I’m so sorry this happened to you. What can I do to help you?”
Charlie’s AMC Gremlin was on the far left side of the highway; the roof and windshield were both completely crushed. A large red Ford F-350’s from driver’s side bumper looked mangled. The driver of the truck, a middle-aged male, was being checked out by another ambulance.
The next day wasn't nearly as cold as the last but the October breeze still managed to nip at your nose and ears if you happened to stay out too long. That morning in the parking lot, Castiel and Anna pulled in next to the Winchesters' Impala. The brothers had just arrived at the school and when Sam saw Anna he quickly hopped out of the car and waved at her. She happily waved back and tapped Castiel’s shoulder, trying to get his attention.
Dean was already standing with an open arm when Cas walked up to him. Both Dean and Charlie tightly hugged him as Bobby put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Dean swiped his thumb under Cas’s eye, wiping away the tears that were on his cheeks, “What can I do to help you?”
This chapter was very short but this story needed its happy ending. Thank you for reading! Much love xx
The other man, Donny, took a cheap shot to Cas’s throat. He fell to his knees, grabbing at the debilitating pain. Donny took the opportunity to tackle Cas onto the ground and land harsh blows on his jaw and cheek.
Staying in the kitchen but cautiously eyeing her dad, her blue eyes started to fill with tears, “Something’s wrong with daddy. He won’t get up. He got home from work and won’t get up.”
Dean hummed thoughtfully, “Mmm… me too. Luckily, I know a great headache remedy.” Slowly, Dean started to kiss Cas’s shoulder and neck, gently sucking and nipping at his soft skin. Cas’s cock twitched in interest as he turned around to face Dean, passionately kissing him and letting their hands roam
Dean smiled to himself because Cas really is an amazing father. After a moment, he got his feet moving towards Cas’s room. While Cas was in Annie’s room, Dean ran into Gabe who looked slightly displeased to see Dean again. The apology was out of Dean’s mouth before he could think, “Hey… sorry about the other night.”
Dean looked at Cas but Cas was already looking at him. After neither of them did anything, Cas nudged Dean with his elbow and gave him a look that said, “Well? What are you going to do about it?”
Chuckling against Dean’s soft lips, Cas hauled Dean to his feet and led him to his bedroom. Cas was about to put Dean on the bed but he grabbed him before he sat down, “Wait—hold on.” Cas reached behind Dean and grabbed his work utility belt off the bed and tossed it on the floor, along with his dirty socks, and uniform.
Dean snapped his head up in a mix of anger and worry and quickly marched over to Castiel, Sam, and Anna. He stopped in front of the table and clenched his fists at his side, “Sam, what are you doing?”
Now that he was closer, Sam noticed the small, delicate, white flower crown perched on top of her head, “So, are you new here?”
When they got to their bedroom, Dean carefully dropped Cas to his feet as they started to take off each other’s clothes while trying to keep their heated kiss going.
Jo's short blonde self, flipped him off, “Yeah, I got the throne waiting for me, you lanky fuck!” She never was one for backing down; Dean loved her for it.
After a long, eventful, and busy day, Annie fell asleep as soon as her head hit her pillow. Back in Dean and Cas’s bedroom, Dean was busy digging through his school bag and desk.
Knowing he had told Dean that loving somebody else and letting go was okay and there was no reason to ask for forgiveness, Cas felt the pain start to ease. He stood and turned to see Dean standing behind him. Eighteen again and familiar from his heaven, Cas took his love’s hand and they started to walk towards Dean’s bedroom; towards happiness.
Cas kissed Dean and tightened his legs around Dean’s waist, “No… you’re too good for me. You treat me so well.”
Before they left, Charlie handed Cas one of the department’s spare laptops and smiled at him; he tried to return the gesture.
Before Gabe could answer, the doctor came out with an unreadable look on his face. The surgery had been a long, stressful seven hours, “Novak?”
Dean followed him out of the room and put a steady hand on Cas’s back, leading him to the D.A’s private bathroom. Once they were inside, Dean locked the door behind them before quickly taking Cas into his arms and soothingly rubbing his back, “Shh, you’re okay. I know, I know… I’m so sorry, Cas.”
Luckily, in his panic, Cas isn’t far away. Dean, Jo, and he were searching one side of the school for Anna and Charlie and Sam were on the other.
Cas chuckled at Dean’s reaction to the simple touch, “You’re so needy, I fuckin’ love it. You’re such a good boy for me.”
“I’m not ashamed of you! Oh… fuck it! You don’t understand!” Cas turned and quickly walked past Charlie where she was still frozen in place.
Moments later, the principal, assistant principal and security guard ran over to where they were kneeling together. The principal was absolutely irate and shocked at the violent scene in front of him, “What the hell is going on?!”
The ride to the courthouse wasn’t the comfortable silence they were used to; now it was anxious and hesitant.
He fell asleep that night with an empty bottle of whiskey in one hand and a half-coherent unsent apology text to Cas in the other.
Cas barely managed to mumble out, “I love you more.” Before falling asleep and having the nurses push Cas’s bed off towards the operating room.
Thankfully the next sound Dean heard was Sam’s voice, “Dean, thank god you called! I’m losing it out here! These kids are driving me absolutely insane! I mean they don’t listen and they think they know everything! Oh my god are they cocky! Seriously, I’d rather be around 6-year-olds all day.”
Needless to say, they got a little distracted kissing each other through their whispers of, “You love me?” “Of course, I do.” “I love you too, Dean.”
Dean was leaning against the bakery case, chatting with his little brother. Only, when he heard Cas’s name, Dean immediately straightened up to get a better look at the guy Sam had told him about and holy shit, Cas was gorgeous. His dark, almost black, brown hair is what Dean would describe as artfully-styled-bedhead, his body was slim but muscular and his skin was still tan from the long, hot Kansas summer.
Anna gave her older brother a hug before sitting down at their old kitchen table while Castiel shuffled through their ever-dwindling supply of food. He really needed some more money.
Sam, noticing Cas’s glasses, white cane, and guide dog immediately put two and two together, realizing Cas was blind, “Hey, it’s nice to meet you. And who is this pretty lady?” Sam almost reached out to pet Abby but reminded himself that you shouldn’t pet a service dog.
One year later, Dean was running around like an anxious mess. From their bedroom, he shouted to Cas, “Have you seen my tie?!”
Dean took a shy step back, realizing how close the two were standing, “It’s okay. I’ll walk out with you?”
Dean was pleasantly surprised when Cas stood up at the foot of the bed and started to strip. When Dean had a heart attack was when he saw the black lace panties Cas had on. They perfectly hugged his ass and his hard cock. Dean felt all the breath being sucked out of his chest, “Holy fuck. You better get that sexy ass over here.”
Dean softly kissed Cas’s cheek and turned out his light, closing the door behind him. After leaving Cas’s room, he knocked on Annie’s door. Cracking it, he smiled at her, “Hey, your dad isn’t feeling too good so we are going to let him rest so, you and I are going to hang out for a while.”
Alastair growled and peeled off, looking for a parking spot that was far away from the quote-unquote, "Queers"
After putting Annie to bed, Cas got Dean comfortable in bed with a pillow under his ankle and about a million more around him, Dean finally gave him a fed up look, “Cas please, stop fussing. I’m okay.”
Back in the bathroom, Dean was still throwing up when Cas came back. Cas dropped his supplies and sat behind Dean, rubbing his back, “Alright, I got you. You’re okay.”
“Of course, sweetheart.” Dean took a second to apply more lube to a second finger before working it into Cas and very slowly working him open. Much to Dean’s relief, Cas moaned and spread his legs further. He wanted Cas to feel good; the last thing Dean wanted was for this to be a chore or unpleasant for his boyfriend.
When they finally got back to Dean’s house, they awkwardly stood by the front door unsure of what to do. Cas leaned his back against the front door and looked up at Dean through his long eyelashes, “Why did you kiss me?”
Cas easily drains half the glass and runs his hands over his face and through his hair, far too tired to fight, “My parents lived in Seattle while Anna and I were here. You know about two months ago, my mom died. My father killed her. And don’t get me wrong, I am eternally grateful for you giving me a job so quickly but it’s just not enough money to support Anna and I. Fighting gives me some extra cash.”
Cas, none the wiser, was confused at Gabe’s laughter until he made fun of Dean, “Dude, you know he’s blind, right?”
It wasn’t until three in the morning that Cas woke up to an empty bed. He reached to where Dean usually slept, hoping to pull him close and quickly doze back off to sleep. Unfortunately, when he heard the retching coming from down the hall, Cas knew he wasn’t going to get any more sleep that night.
Dean barely had a chance to sit before Sam started to explain the seemingly haphazard files and reports in front of him, “I was looking over this information and I think when this case goes to trial, we are going to have a really good shot at getting this guy locked up.”
Anna, already being a nervous, easily-spooked person was pushed over the edge by Alastair’s disgusting behavior. She started to shake and tear up, clearly upset by the encounter with the upperclassman; her vision blurring around the edges. Sam carefully took her small hand in his, “I know Alastair is terrible. Cas will always protect you and as long as I'm around, I will never let him hurt you.” Anna didn't respond, she just buried her nose in her book for the rest of the period.
Everyone in the room gave Mary a strange look but it was Sam who stepped in, “Mom, Dad… this is Cas.”
Back in the Impala, Sam and Dean dropped Anna off at home. Before she left, she smiled at the two boys, “Thank you guys for letting me come with you today, I had a lot of fun.” Dean smiled at her in the back seat, “Anytime. You sure you’ll be okay alone until Cas comes home?”
Cas strolled up to the bar, “Hey, Dean. Hi, Jo.” He had on a grey t-shirt and low hanging light blue jeans. He looked completely stunning.
The next morning, Dean found the courage to do something he hadn’t done in far too long; he pulled the box Anna had given him out of the back of his closet. As he leaned against the side of his bed, he put the box next to him on the floor, taking a deep breath before opening it. Not being able to bring himself to look at the pictures, Dean only grabbed what he needed.
“I know… I want you to stay.” They shared a smile but Dean could help but notice the slight blush that spread over Cas’s cheeks, “Would you want to stay with me again tonight?”
Gabe pulled a bit of a bitch face at Dean not knowing how he couldn’t hear Cas’s yelling from down the street, “Not a good time, Romeo.”
Just when Dean thought Cas couldn’t get any cuter, the half-asleep younger man reached out and pulled Dean’s pillow against him and drifted back off to sleep.
Cas finally got out of bed with shaky legs and walked to the bathroom to shower. After stripping off his shirt, the bandages were the next to go. The happiness he felt a few minutes ago quickly faded at the memories of the knife, the pain, the debilitating fear. He showered as quickly as he could so he could get his clothes back on.
Gabe put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, “He’s had a rough past couple of years but Dean? Since he started seeing you, I feel like I have my brother back.”
Dean chuckled at his brother, “Got yourself a little crush? Not sure how Jess would like that…” Referring to Sam’s girlfriend of two years, Jess, who was a nurse at Lawrence Memorial Hospital.
Cas’s low whisper of, “Yes, sir.” Made Dean cringe. He didn’t want to be ‘sir. He wanted to be Cas’s friend… and more.
A bit later in the day, Dean cooked him and Annie some pasta. After making sure to keep some leftovers in the fridge for Cas, Dean decided to try and be a responsible adult, turning to Annie and suggesting, “Why don’t you take a bath and I’ll sit right outside the door in case you need anything, okay?”
The small redhead looked upset but slightly proud of her older brother, “He was being really creepy and he made me upset.” Anna started to stand up and tried to leave, “I have to go see Cassie. Make sure he’s okay—.”
Mr. Winchester was leaning against his wooden desk, chatting with the few students already in their seats. When he saw Cas and Annie standing in the door, he warmly smiled at them, trying to ignore how attractive Cas was, “Hey there! I knew I had a new student coming!” He walked over and gently shook her small hand, “You must be Annie.”
Dean chuckled and let his eyes close as he leaned against his hand that was propped up on the armrest, “Okay, you big baby. Go back to sleep.”
Cas tugged his helmet back on before stopping at a diner to pick up burgers. When he got back to the squad room, Kevin was the first on to see the blossoming bruise, “Oh, shit. Dean’s going to be—”
Cas brooded at him, “Dean! This isn’t funny!” In his annoyance, Cas reached out to swat at Dean’s shoulder causing him to slip and struggle to find his balance. In his desperate flailing, Cas ended up falling flat on his ass.
Before Cas could get the rest of his sentence out, Dean jumped off the bed and angrily started to pull his jeans on. He snarled, “You don’t need to know because it’s none of your fucking business. We aren’t anything.”
That first gasping breath stung deep into Cas’s lungs. As soon as he could, he barely managed to choke out, “…Dean?”
Third, was the day they had to put Abby down. It was a Saturday morning and unfortunately, Dean was needed at the auto shop. Cas got up and tried to get Abby up for a walk. When she didn’t get up, instead just placed her head back down and let out a weak whine… Cas knew. Abby was eleven and growing grey, both Dean, and Cas knew this was coming but it still seemed impossible. Cas sat on the living room floor with her head on his lap as he pulled out his phone and called Dean.
Hearing the first bell ring out into the parking lot, the four friends walked into school chatting about what they had going on for the rest of their day. But all Dean could think about was how that leather jacket fit on the new kid’s muscular shoulders and how his jeans hugged his strong thighs. His thoughts were cut off when they stopped in front of Sam’s class. They said bye to the youngest Winchester and the older kids kept walking towards their first period classes.
Dean wasn’t quite paying attention to what was going on when he pointed to the table to where Charlie and Annie were chatting, “Don’t worry about it. The girls are having fun over there.” Then what Cas said finally clicked, “Wait… what? No, Charlie and I are just friends. She’s gay and I’m bi. Definitely leaning more towards guys though… you know; strong, pretty guys like you. Not that you’re just pretty, I mean you just saved that guys life and… I’m rambling.”
Under Gabe’s stare, Dean uncomfortably shifted on his feet, “He texted me and he was drunk and I just wanted to check on him and—.”
When Cas was satisfied, he brought his fingers down to Dean’s tight hole. He slowly rubbed his wet index finger around the tight ring of muscle before pushing it all the way into Dean.
Sam ended up having to help each of them up off the ice. Dean was suddenly thankful for all those early morning hockey practices he had to bring Sam to.
Dean laughed again and god—Cas wishes he could see it because it sounds so beautiful, he can only imagine how it looks, “Well… seeing you is nice but I just got off of work. I’m just going to get some dinner.”
After making sure they both had their jackets on, they walked out to Cas’s black Ford Focus. He securely strapped Annie into her car seat before sliding into the front seat. The drive from their house to Lawrence Elementary was no more than fifteen minutes but Cas treasured those fifteen minutes. As an EMT his schedule was hectic and often inconvenient to have with a young child. So any time he could spend with her, he would gladly take.
Besides the mild symptoms Cas was having from his radiation treatment, everything was going well for a month, Cas stopped feeling sick, Gabe and Dean eventually went back to work but what wasn’t going well was how fragile Dean was treating Cas. While it wasn’t terrible having somebody to help him do things, Dean and Cas hadn’t touched each other in a month and Cas was getting frustrated.
A curious look spread over Cas’s beautiful features as he tilted his head and looked at Dean with squinted eyes, “They all took the purple line to work every day.”
Cas took his eyes off the pages and held the cover up for Dean, “Great Expectations by Charles Dickens. Have you ever read it?”
In his panic and quick movements, Dean succeeded in scaring off the coyote which made Cas pout and wiggle out of Dean’s arms, “You scared it away!”
For the rest of the night, Dean and Cas got lost in sweet kisses and warm hugs; something they both desperately craved.
Cas said nothing, he just took his phone back and took a photo of him kissing Dean’s cheek. Dean knew what it meant though, he knew it was a silent invitation; a way to say, “I’d like you to be my family too.”
Pushing back his angry thoughts, Dean tried to comfort Cas instead. Speaking softly into Cas’s ear, Dean whispered, “Listen to what I’m saying, I’m right here, I will never let him near you. Take a deep breath for me.” Feeling Cas’s shaky inhale and exhale, Dean squeezed his hand, “Good boy. Can you take another one for me?”
Cas’s panic rose in his chest as he desperately looked at Dean who tried to give Cas a supportive smile. Cas sheepishly answered, “Yes.”
Gabe dropped the spatula he was holding and looked completely floored, “He’s what?! Oh my god, I have to ruin his life.” Gabe quickly walked into Cas’s room with every intention of being a dickhead but once he saw how happy his little brother looked, he turned around without saying anything, letting Dean and Cas rest.
Strangers skated around them as Dean tried to heave Cas to his feet but to his dismay, he only ended up falling on top of Cas.
By the time Dean got to Cas’s house, Cas was home but Annie was still struggling to stay awake as she dozed off on the couch.
“Yes, sir.” When Cas reached forward to grab them, the sharp twinge in his back from his father kicking them last night. He tried to hide it but it’s Dean’s job to notice small things.
Half-heartedly, Cas hugged Mary back, “Yes well, I should go home and grab some of Dean’s stuff anyway. Let him know when he wakes up?”
Once he was comfortable on the couch, Cas drank a bottle of water and listened to an auto book for a while before drifting off to sleep.
Cas nodded, squinted and then disappeared with a small gust of wind and the sound of flapping wings.  Sam blinked and went back to his carving, certain that he was surrounded by crazy people.
He had decided to stay out of the man's path at all costs after that. The place looked pretty much the same as it had then. There was a recliner nearest the door and a long plaid couch around a big stone fireplace. Behind the couch was a staircase leading up, with a wood paneled wall. And there was wood stacked neatly by it. Small miracles.
Bobby spit out his large mouthful of beer covering Sam’s back. Sam hardly noticed as Gabe’s words sunk in.
Lord Zachariah, however, did not make that easy, and his sons made it all but impossible. He thought he understood his step-brothers animosity. He was the eldest and by rights would inherit the entire manor once Zachariah died. Not that there was much more than the estate itself to inherit.
Slowly Dean recounted the tale. He was a good with a tale, he told of the demons surrounding the gas station surrounding them with fire. How Meg had thrown Sam down after torturing him and how he had pulled his demon slaying sword from it’s sheath scaring the bitch back to hell and killing all her minions in one burst of righteous light.
Her brothers got ready, helping each other into their new suits and primping like dandies. They had her rushing around to the last hour fetching those cuff-links and these handkerchiefs in lavender not mauve and Castiel wanted to scream, knowing how long it would take to get properly dressed. Finally they dismissed her and she rushed away, water pitcher and a new wedge of soap in hand. She scrubbed the days sweat and dirt from her face and hands, getting her underarms and feet last to preserve the water as best she could. She slipped on the corset and underskirts she had gotten from the tavern and managed to rescue from the refuse after finding that's where his step father had disposed of it. It had taken a lot of scrubbing to remove the stains and smell, but she had managed it alright. She had shaved away her stubble in the afternoon after lunch, but before the boys had started to bother her with help getting dressed, so her face was smooth as she started to apply her ancient cosmetics.
He caught movement in the corner of his eye and saw Jimmy marching into the store purposefully. Spotting Dean he marched toward him wearing a tan trench coat and the same blue tie as the first day he met him. For some reason the combination triggers something and he gets a flash.
The party swirls around him and he sits down dejectedly on the fountain edge. Sam heard him curse a quiet “son of a bitch” as he sat on a stone bench out of the way. Sam let out a frustrated sigh. Some part of him couldn’t reconcile the brother who had practically raised him to the dejected mess he saw in front of him. He had always had such confidence, he had been smart and social, the minute he had been kicked out of Standford he had given up. On everything. Now he just went through the motions.
And then Castiel was standing in front of her tarnished mirror feeling smaller than ever before under a tan coat. Just plain old Castiel once more.
Her mother had been a small woman and she was of a completely different build so it took a complete reworking of the thing to make it work. She used her fathers suit as the shell, and her mothers dress as the front and middle. It was elegant, a deep green bodice and sleeves, with a pale green and cream skirt. She pocketed odds and ends from her brothers discards, and even took some pearls of her mothers that were in her step fathers rooms. Each night she brushed out her hair to shine to keep it supple and pinned it up, then pulled it back in a warriors tail during the day hiding it under a dirty cap to keep its look from his families eyes.
Dean stood there in the middle of the busy administrative hub clutching a report card in his hands feeling like all his careful plans were unraveling at the start. He huffed out a breath to stop any tears from threatening and marched out into the school. Classes had just gotten out of 2nd period and he practically ran right into Sam.
"I didn't think to get myself any," Dean admitted sheepishly, clasping his together after he put the flask back in his jeans. It was freezing out her.
“Doc says he’ll be fine, bullet missed anything vital. They were more concerned about him hitting his head on the ground, but he seems fine. They’ve drugged him up and will probably be asleep for another couple hours.”
For one it was Loud.  The very floor seemed to vibrate and hum. As his vision resolved around them, Cas was faced with the Empty, still in Meg’s visage, her whole body the image of tension. Her fists clenched her teeth in an uncanny valley grimace.
“So you two are…?” He wiggled his eyebrows, joking because he wasn't too surprised. Turned out coming out to himself turned on his gaydar.
The man wasn't sure of who he was or where he had come from or anything really, but he knew this car. Not just the model and make but this particular vehicle. He was sure of it.
"I would think so," Dean can't get his addled brain to work at all. The boy smiles at him again, then ducks out of the blanket. Dean watches him, unable to look away. He is lithe, with broad shoulders, his back is streaked with mud and he has bits of dried reeds in his messy hair. He quickly stoops and grabs up another wool blanket from the couch and throws it around his shoulders. Dean did not look at his ass as he did so. He just didn't.
“I-I don’t.” Cas whispered. It was still night, he hadn’t been out for long. Dean lay on his side shirtless and perfect.
“I told you I would,” Dean said, feeling nervous all of the sudden. After yesterday’s lesson and the kisses, they hadn’t really talked. Now he wasn’t sure what to say. This was uncharted territory.
He flips the blanket off of him and the boy next to him lets him go. Arms wide with a worried expression on his face.
They crested a low hill and saw a lonely truck stop with two gas stations (one for trucks, one for cars) the attached diner, was shut tight for the night.
He nodded at his godson, and walked straight the fridge. He grabbed a beer without looking inside the ancient thing, opening the bottle with practiced ease at the wall mounted bottle opened. He sauntered over to join him, sitting down with an old man sigh.
"No, Jessica it's alright-" Sam protested but Jess just got to her feet, smoothing the lines of her skirts.
"He's growing up, Dean and he hasn't had you around. I'm sure now that you're back things will be easier."
She met Dean's eyes as they ran up to meet her. "I tried to save her! But the dragon was too strong." She sobbed out falling into his chest. Dean looked up into the sky as if he might be able to see where she had gone. The sky was clear but for the full moon and a drifting of thin clouds high up in the atmosphere.
Gabe gave Castiel a significant look. “His plan to kill Zach failed, Jo and Ellen and Ash being brought back as puppets, Sam being whored out by Meg, Cas and him having sex two nights ago. Take your pick.”
"I told him to go." Anna said when she returned. Dean was where she had left him, laying across the Impala's hood and staring up at the sky.
Dean spent the next few days compiling all they knew about the Empty. Asking Jack questions and asking Sam for options. Nothing comes of it.
His eyes floated up the screen above Chuck’s head where a uniformed man was being escorted to the Radison Hotel for a conference and award ceremony to be taking place tomorrow night.
“Lawrence, Kansas,” he said grinning at Cas’s blank look.  “Yeah, no one else has heard of it either.”
Castiel stopped, and Dean caught up to him. "Nevermind, it doesn't matter. That isn't what I care about. I just wanted to see you again."
Dean clicked on the email and it was blank except for a file attachment labeled ‘Standford.zrk’. Dean actually smiled when he recognized it. It wasn’t as if he didn’t have fond memories of the woman. Just that all the memories of her had been sullied by her betrayal.
Dean looked around him at the three dead demons scattered about the small courtyard, shaking off the emotions Castiel had left in him. "Better than them," Dean snarked, indicating the three dead demons, but really still looking into the darkness where his angel had run. "You two get the other one?"
He stood his ground, saying nothing as they approached. He wished he wasn't burdened down with the day's shopping. Even if it was just a couple saddle bags.
"I didn't know," Cas looks stricken and he reached a hand across the table laying it over Dean's. His hand was warm and a little bit greasy from all the burgers. Firm and gentle and uncalloused. Dean swallowed feeling like he had something stuck in his throat, but the panic was subsiding.
"I'll have to get the principal's approval," She said after a long minute or pretending to read it. "You can come back next week."
But he was stuck. He couldn't move so they stood there dumbly and stared at each other. Dean couldn't take it anymore and broke the awkwardness by talking.
He scooted himself back up to a kneeling position before Cas could lower himself back down, and wrapped a hand around his cock and pull it down to his lips. He could feel Castiel's gaze on the top of his head as he took his head into his mouth. Castiel made a little sound in the back of his throat and re-positioned his feet to steady himself. Dean placed a steadying hand on the angel's thigh, and was gratified when Cas reached down to hold his hand. Dean was certain the angel had never had anything like this before. He reveled and being able to introduce him to something new. It always gave him a thrill, and this a notch up from the usual lesson.
Then he stopped, dropped his hands from his face, though he grabbed up Dean’s hands in the same motion.
Dean nodded at them, "Donna, Doug." He acknowledged them as he passed. The woman grinned at him, then went back to attention when she realized her break of protocol. When they were a ways down the hall he heard them both break out in stifled laughter.
Castiel ran a hand up his arm, and pulled him in for a sideways hug. “I am so sorry this didn’t go as planned.”
She raised her eyebrows seductively and practically skipped away, dark hair swinging behind her. Sam pulled at his pocket trying to situate the growing problem in his pants that he couldn't seem to control around the girl. At least he had his books to hide behind.
“Luci!” Ruby exclaimed, “This is Sam, my, uh, boyfriend. I gave him some of your samples, but I think he’s ready for the other stuff.”
Sam huffed out a breath of air, as if letting go of his own tension. Dean stood up,and was almost bowled over with the force of his brothers embrace. Sometimes the kid was a bit of a girl, he thought as he secretly wiped the tear from his eye when they let each other go.
He wasn't expecting her to come in riding her own steed and wearing chain mail and riding the steed like a man. So, when the red headed woman pulled up her entourage in tow in the large stone courtyard Dean thought she was perhaps the queens captain of the guard.
They all looked at each other, none sure what to say. Which disaster was the most important. They all seemed to come to the conclusion that Dean was the biggest concern and that there was nothing to say about the rest.
The front door opened, and Abel walked in, followed directly on his heels was a short woman with long black hair.
"Well met my woman, where be your princess?" Sam asked as the woman tossed him the reigns of her steed.
“So I live with my brother and his girlfriend Captain Awesome,” Dean is telling him, his face animated and slightly flushed, now that he’s got a Margarita under his belt.
Rubbing his head Dean pulls himself up to a sitting position. His heart hammering in his chest. Had that really just happened? What, was he is a spy movie now?
Well he knew who he was trying to impress, but he was certain she didn't give a flying fuck how well he could track and hunt game. He couldn't seem to impress her with much, so he was grasping at straws.
He paused the movie, Swayze was holding up baby in the water and they were caught mid collapse, and picked up the receiver and dialed the extension to the bar.
Jessica nodded, laying down a playing card in front of her. "Seriously, Dean, you are wearing a path in the hardwood."
"No," Cas leaned back, cheeks flushing with embarrassment "no I totally understand. You don't have to tell me." He shook his head as if in apology for even asking.
"That's better," he said as he stood. "You notice I let you sleep in today, but do take note that tomorrow that will not be an option. In fact you will be up an hour earlier than before from now on. When we wake I want breakfast on the table..." then he proceeded to list in detail how her entire day would be filled. From dawn, till dusk. Castiel sat there stoically, concentrating more on not throwing up than really listening. It was nothing new, the litany the same as before with a few additions just for the torture it would bring.
...They had been kissing. His sister and his soon to be bride. He thought that perhaps he should be angry. Then he was kind of angry. He balled up his fists at his side, letting the anger suffuse him. This wasn't acceptable, he had to break this up now before it tore everything he had worked for apart. He turned around and headed back towards his chambers trying to build up a fury.
There was no use asking more questions, she would not answer them. He packed up his homework and they left the library going out into the bright winter day. There was a chill in the air, but the sky was clear and the sun was intense.
It was dark, but somewhere a soft orange glow emanated giving just enough light to see the outlines of rock. The cave went up a ways and then around a corner, once around the corner the light was more visible flickering against the wall as it sloped downward. They crept along slowly, stopping at any sound as they descended till they came to a large cavern with two wall mounted torches.
The man just continued to pant, grunting a little when he was dropped unceremoniously a few seconds later.
He knew for certain now that Abel was the local gigolo and had also figured out that Meg was the one pimping him out. That relationship had another component he couldn't quite identify, whatever it was it was sordid and perhaps dangerous. He suspected drugs but he never could figure out what kind.
It took an hour, and five men with picks to chisel away at the boulder. But finally they had half the rock in rubble on the floor. Charlie looked like she was going to be sick as she watched the desecration of her holy weapon. The sword still stood at the same angle in the boulder, despite most of the boulder being detached, The blacksmith waved his apprentices aside and went into aim a blow to the side of where the blade must lie to he could dislodge it.
Cas either didn't notice, or didn't care, and his hand slid down his bare arm to rest on his elbow. Dean felt the hairs on his arm stand up at the contact, this wasn't helping his nerves. Though it did make him want to jump into the water and hide. Cas led him to the edge of the dock with a gentle hand, and Dean let himself be led. Then he stood on the edge of the dock, waiting to be pushed in.
Dean grabbed up some blue paper towels and dry his hands and looked at his wrist. The burn didn’t look so bad after the cool water bath. “All healed, thanks to you.”
He was no where near home and his company car had been totaled. He was going to have a great time explaining that to Big Rufus in the morning. It was late, probably three or four in the morning. So he walked himself to the beach, it was right there after all. He had no where else to go and a lot to process.
Dean barked out a laugh. “My aunt, she obsessed with Swayze, decorated the whole place this way. Though, you are lucky cause this room gets the double Swayze treatment, one of him in roadhouse and my personal fav the shirtless version from dirty dancing.”
"Why are you helping me?" Cas asked, still baffled even after being under the man's ministrations for an hour. She looked at him through the mirror.
“Listen to me. Whatever happened with Anna, you couldn’t have known.” Jimmy’s anger spiked back to full fury at the condescending words. “You couldn’t have stopped it.”
"Dean look, I know this has all been shit lately. And I know what a mind-fuck those forms can be. Let me at least help you with the stupid forms. I've been filling out shit like that a lot longer than you."
"It doesn't seem to be enough for a place as large as the bunker." He continued over Sam, not even listening to what the hunter could add now. "And it is supposed to be a face that will scare off spirits?"
"So this is where you live?"Cas asked, as if it weren't obvious. His nerves making him momentarily stupid.
But in the morning it was business as usual. His father seemed none the wiser that she was the mysterious woman from the ball that the Prince had been with all evening. When he finally confronted Gadreel his brother didn't seem to know what she was talking about.
Dean bounced on his toes and brought his head back down. "Fine, look...Castiel..." he bit his lip, "Cas isn't exactly...like other women. She...she was born…she was called a boy when she was little. But she's really a she...in spirit...and..."
“Right,” Dean says waving the screwdriver around in the air, then realizing how that looks hides it behind his back. Seriously could he be any more of a complete dork. This guy was interested. Came back to see him of all things. Be cool.
“That was awhile back…” the girl mused, her face falling. Dean hardly notices as he gets pulled back into memories of Jo. Her long blond hair and no nonsense demeanor.
The place was a bustle with activity, much busier than the night last week. He saw that there was a small crowd of women around the side of the stage. And there among them he caught a glimpse of Castiel as he disappeared behind the curtain with the others.
Dean felt like he was going to explode. Cas pushed his hips down changing the angle and his next thrust hit his prostate. The sensation burst through him, again and again. He dug his hands into the bed tangling up the sheets as he came into the pillows letting out a rather loud bellow even with the pillows muffling the sound. He was glad he had put Cas between two empty rooms.
Cas didn't even hear them coming up the stairs, but she had stopped caring about what they would do next. Zachariah entered the attic room unannounced, slamming open the door. Castiel stood perfectly still and refused to turn around, even as her gut was roiling and her legs felt like they wouldn't hold her up anymore.
After what seemed like forever, and not enough time, Cas pulled away and Dean involuntarily moaned out at the loss of sensation. The sound of Cas opening  the bottle of lube was followed by the feeling of cool slick liquid pour onto him.
An errant hot breeze blew dust in his face. He closed his eyes and turned his head. Annoyed at everything, especially his inability
“You do realize there is no monarchy in the US, right? That chivalry died hundreds of years ago and this is pretentious bullshit right?” Sam continued as they walked, Dean’s steps getting more and more strident. Cas wanted to intervene, but wasn’t sure what to say. “What is it that keeps you in this delusion?”
“I want to ask what happened... I do. I want to know. But first, Cas…” Dean stumbled. How many times had he practiced this, how many times had he prayed to Cas and now he had trouble getting it all out. “Castiel, Cas. It took me a really long time to figure out how I felt. For the longest time I thought you couldn’t feel...love for me. That it was impossible.”
He started to walk away from him. But Dean called after him. "Wait, Cas...please please explain this to me."
“Yes, we are free.” Sam told her, more sure in his signing with the simpler phrase. Dean smiled and agreed, it seemed to put her at ease.
Cas stood outside the lampposts circle of light, and didn’t move. Anna’s words echoing in his mind. What did she mean?
By the time the flash is over, the two agents are standing several feet apart, Dean in the middle, while they glare at each other.
Cas was still clutching the original dress to his chest as he regained his feet. The man was a good head shorter than him once they were upright and he looked at the dress in Cas's hand with disapproval.
Sam paused then said, "I think it's an excellent idea. You two need to spend more time together, and in these trying time she should see what she is getting into.
"Yeah, I guess. My dad has a '67 Chevy Impala, he taught me how to take care of her. I can fix other cars too, when Bobby needs help in his shop, but the Impala's my baby."
The doorman inquired as Castiel approached. He stopped short, realizing he couldn't use her real name, otherwise her brothers and step father would know it was him. He squinted up at the festooned walls, the lamps blazing yellow in the night. "Anna of Haven." He told him, trying to make her voice higher than usual.
Castiel slid his knees closer to his chest, wrapping his arms around his legs and letting out a foggy breath into the frigid air. He imagined he could still hear Michael and Gabriel fighting, though that was ridiculous, the house was all the way up the hill. Besides here on the dock all there was to hear was the current of the river and the crackle of dead leaves rustling in the wind from the old maple across the river.
They had watched three separate films, of varying quality, all of which Dean had defended as his 'favorite' flick. Cas certainly felt he had a slightly better insight into the man.
"Well, yes, but you see the idiot who took the sword out to kill the dragon decided to put it back and now it's stuck. Again."
Feeling triumphant he straightened, only to find Bartholomew holding his arms behind his back. Gadreel got to his feet and laughing, punched him right in the stomach.
"Then I make a decree. You shall take this slipper to every town and village in my country, every maiden is to try it on until we find the woman who I met at the ball. If the shoe fits that woman shall be my bride. Any who stand in her way will be brought in for questioning."
"Halloween has always been a touchy subject, Cas. Don't worry about it, he'll cool off." Sam sounded resigned and he even gave out a little sigh as he turned back to his own pumpkin already half emptied of it's "guts" as Dean had lovingly called the seeds and gooey threads that filled the inside of the gourd.
Dean snorted. "Maybe that's been his problem. He's been so elusive lately and his grades have gone to shit."
So that day and all the rest of them after for the week she went downstairs before dawn, and did all that was ordered and every minute she could sneak away, and late at night she stole up the stairs and started to work altering her mothers dress.
"Is that acceptable, Dean?" Cas asked suddenly full volume. Breaking the spell and sitting back upright.
They all scanned the room, people sat around thirty large round tables, all in mediocre finery and military uniforms. The General was giving some terrible acceptance speech about bravery and there are white clad waitstaff milling around setting plates of food on tables.
The landscape was mostly blackness, punctuated by tiny lights from streetlamps and the vague silhouettes of palm trees on the hill. Castiel sighed, trying to get out the tension he’d been carrying around with him all day. He knew he wouldn’t truly be able to relax until he had closed his hotel room door behind him. Still a ways to go yet.
He went in first pulling his suitcase inside and flipping on the lights. The pictures above the bed were both of Patrick Swayze.
Heart thumping as Dean stood and started unbuckling his belt. He kicked off his pants and boxer briefs, revealing an cock, red and erect as his own. He pulled off his tee as he approached the King bed that Cas had hardly disturbed before going down for drinks. He splayed himself in the middle of the bed propping himself up against the mountain of pillows.
Dean pulled on his hand, looking at the ground, “Sure there’s a case, Cas,” he sounded a little exasperated, and his head lifted to look at the cloudy sky. “There is always a case. But… I was thinking about you and you just popped up and I realized…”
Cas furrowed his brow, trying to piece it all together, he had a lot of knowledge, but he couldn't quite sift the knowledge into a comprehensive understanding. If the Winchesters were doing it, then maybe it wasn't superstition. "Does it work?"
Castiel felt like he didn't even know which way was up let alone what he was supposed to do. Meg was looking at him with a bored yet pointed expression that told him he was wasting her time.
Damn. He looked around, finding the clock. It was past time for his damned brother to be there. He grabbed his cell, there was a message waiting for him.
Cas blinked at him, frowning. “I’ve been in the Empty, I haven’t heard anything.” Dean felt the man start to shiver as he held his shoulders, trying to keep him upright.
"Is that-h-how you seduce a-ll y-our-" whatever that sentence was supposed to end with was cut short by his teeth literally chattering him quiet. He clutched his arms around himself again.
He chewed silently for a minute. "I was thinking around the time I lost count. But maybe just ten." Dean raised an eyebrow. He could eat, sure, but this was ridiculous. "What?" He gesticulates with the bitten in two burger. "Diving is hungry work."
"Of course not!" Dean exploded, irrationally, storming out of the room after throwing down his carving knife on the newspaper laden table.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel greeted him with a slight nod, feeling apprehensive. Desperately wanting to shift from foot to foot but keeping his feet firmly planted to the ground. Sometimes his training came in handy.
Dean’s professionalism takes over then and grabs up the device, trying not to notice the man’s fingers as they brushed against his during the exchange. Giving it a once over and sees the problem.
"Nothing, can we go somewhere else?" Dean scanned the crowd with a keen eye, trying to see who she was afraid of, but her brothers had melted into the crowd. Castiel felt her chest constrict in worry that her brothers were stalking him.
Giving me her best annoyed face she let him go. "Okay fine," Cas relaxed again. "You are eating lunch with me," she told him as she walked away.
Jimmy doesn’t answer, just puts the car into reverse and guns it out of the space. When they get out of the space they are being confronted with a large black van. Instead of honking or waiting, Jimmy just keeps backing up and out of the parking lot while the van ominously follows them.
"Well..." Really all he'd gotten was a ride, but as he had no direction in which to go that hardly mattered. "I've gotten..."
Sam got the most sickening puppy dog look in his face as he watched her go. His hand holding onto hers for as long as he could.
A man stepped into the light, it took Sam a moment to place him, it was Cas's brother Michael. Lucifer's goons moved their weapons to train on him instead of Sam. Then another figure walked into the light, and another, Gabriel, Raphael. Then Castiel and...Dean. More men stepped out, men Sam didn't know until Lucifer and his gang were surrounded.
He picked up the blade, the tip heavy with granite. It weighed about four times that of a broadsword. He gave it was test swing, feeling like he was swinging around a shot put in a giant sling.
Cas couldn't help the smile that graced his lips anymore than he could stop his heart from fluttering to see Dean look at him like that.
They even brought two large slices of cherry pie. Don Quixote started in in his meaty breakfast eying the pie the whole time, leaving it for last but not wasting a scrap of its flaky crust or sweet cherry filling.
"And up on politics. Trust me Castiel, she cares not whom I dance with..." and with this he twirled her around as the music came to the end of the song. There was some general applause from the crowd, and then the music started up again and a dozen couples flooded the dance floor.
Dean Winchester, stop moping. He told himself firmly. He could hear Kevin's voice in his head telling him to stop with the self pity party. It worked quite effectively as he also still held massive amounts of guilt over the prophets death.  He stood back up and left his room without another minutes hesitation. He needed to make this up to Cas.
“Yes, i got in quite late last night and was quite looking forward to sleeping in. Now was there something i could help you with? Or did i sign up for the wake up service on accident?”
Dean woke to these strange words, his body felt leaden and and all he could muster was a twist of his head and a slight pushing up to get a better view.
“Which he would never read,” Naomi doesn’t bother whispering. “Besides the intersect doesn’t exactly work like that.”
Bobby came running outside looking wide eyed and bewildered. He looked even more concerned when he saw Cas carrying Dean.
"We have clothes and towels. I can see if they have enough power to get you a shower here, or you can come back to our place it's just three miles up the road."
"So you mean to tell me you stay up and sit there watching me all night?" He rubbed his face with both hands.
Cas glanced back over his shoulder watching a smaller wave crash, the water not even reaching his heels this time. "I came when you called." He said as he turned back around, holding his arms out to his sides.
Wishing this didn’t take so long Castiel removed as much make up as he could and Meg returned with a tan long button up coat and navy trousers. He quickly put them on ran out the stage door into the tavern, hoping and dreading at the same time that he might have missed his chance.
Small warm hands snaked up the back of his shirt making his whole body tense, but he let her do it anyway. "Ruby!"
"Now my good man, we are not wealthy beyond limit, we are hardly sir Percival with the Grail. However I know my steed and if you give me the space to work in your shop I can repair her myself."
Cas had no idea if he was the sort of man who prayed. Right now in the middle of the night while his mind was wide awake and everyone around him was asleep he found himself hoping he was that sort. In the dark he knew he wasn't Sancho Panza the stalwart companion. Knew that something was deeply wrong with his Don Quixote. Maybe there was something wrong with the whole world. All he knew for sure was that he had to follow this man wherever he led and keep him safe. He was just getting more and more worried that that wasn't possible.
Dean tried to start the car but the starter made a noise of protest as the broken and bleeding engine refused to turn over. He could smell gasoline in the air. Sancho placed a hand over the Knights hand stopping him.
“Ruby, what have you brought me?”  He said as he approached, seeming to appear out of nowhere, but Sam hadn’t really been paying attention to his surroundings.
Charlie and Jo sat head to head at the large table pouring over an atlas enthusiastically discussing some finer point of geography. Or something. Dean had no idea what the girls were actually talking about and had been glared at when he had deigned to intrude. So now he sat across the library looking over the latest stack of reports, occasionally glancing at them in confusion. Wasn't she here to marry him? Then again he was happy that Jo had found a friend, she didn't often like visiting dignitaries and it was important to him that Charlie fit in with the family.
Jack squinted. “I will need to charge up directly from the source. I think it will be enough, but I might need you to get him to...expend some more energy just in case.”
This time the spreading warmth was from his gut and between them. They soon forgot about arguments, cocoa, and freezing pant legs.
Cas showed him the moves again in the water and explained how it kept him afloat. Dean found this to be helpful, at least it seemed like something he should be able to do. Cas then swam up to him and placed a wet hand on his thigh. Dean hadn't really seen Castiel's eyes in the sun before, and right now, they were a bright piercing blue looking up at him.
“Nah, I’m okay,” he deadpans as he drops all pretense and stood up without help since they were on the first floor anyway. Dean smirked at the man affectionately. At least he had his short bearded best friend at his side.
Cas shrugged. "This is the official house. The river house is home most of the year though. Me Gabe and Michael prefer it out there. Raph and Balthy love this place and refuse to sell it, even though we could use the money."
"Will someone please tell me what in the world happened over break?" Anna pleaded looking from face to face, practically bouncing up and down on the bench.
Having nothing else to do for the rest of the day they spent the rest of the evening in the same spot. Abel studiously ignored them and refused to serve them anything for the entire evening. This did nothing for Dean's mood, and they trudged up to their room early.
"Okay, now pay attention to your feet in the water. They are warm, not cold. This isn't the same river. Feel the hot air around you, you are not freezing." Cas lay his cool hand on his hot sun warmed back, and Dean concentrated on the touch, on the warm air, on his feet that felt good in the cool water. Water that was not even cold compared to January. He breathed slowly and tried again.
It felt like a punch in the gut. He watched as Sam lay there on an filthy mattress, eyes wide open and staring at the ceiling. Next to him sat a girl with long black hair, her back to the window. The girl sat there on her phone, looking bored. Sam made a noise then levered his impossibly tall body, causing the girl to cry out in annoyance as it moved her on the bed. He got to his feet and started to pace.
"You're as cold as I am, you need circulation," the man scolded, but he stopped his movements, sitting down beside him with an audible thud.
"Great." Cas tried to say, but it came out as half squeak. He cleared his throat and tried again. "Great. And thanks again."
Realizing his brother wasn't going to let this go until he told him, capitulated. "Cas." He admitted, ducking his head to hide his hot cheeks. The memory of the kisses in the water flooding him.
Dean started to move then turned at Jimmy, “I’m so sorry. Excuse me.” Jimmy nodded, giving him silent permission to go. Smiling in thanks he then gave his full attention to the distraught dad. “This way.” He indicated the man should precede him.
They pulled up, tires crunching in the dirt just as the car seemed to clunk to a stop, tank completely empty. Sancho frowned calculating the odds that they would find a gas station just as the tank ran out, but Don Quixote just grinned. "I guess God supports the righteous." He said, eyes a little wild. "See if they have any pie." He tossed Sancho a wad of cash which he caught deftly.
Her face was beginning to purple at the temple where she had been struck and her arms were a mass of bruises. She undid her tattered and bloodied dress and assessed the rest of the damage with cold thoroughness her mind gone numb at it all. She swallowed as she looked herself over. Then she stopped torturing herself, and turned away. She pulled on her soot stained rags, and steeling herself went to meet her family for breakfast.
“Well, yeah, it was a line from Zork…” Standing Jimmy grabs his my the shirt sleeve and onto the roof.
"Boys!" Zachariah's voice cut through the assault like a cracked whips. "Boys. Calm yourselves, you don't want to work up a sweat before you even start dancing."
He spent five more futile minutes trying the cards. Putting them in slowly and quickly in turns. Nothing worked. He refrained from kicking the door. But only just.
It was a long drive. Dean had made Cas text everyone to let them know that he was okay and where they were going. Sam, Jodi, Donna, and later even Garth and Bobby tried to call, but Cas refused to answer the phone and Dean didn’t push him.
Cas pulled out and they spent a few moments attempting to clean up then they looked at each other with a grin and raced to the shower.
The sound of slow plodding hooves and wagon wheels on cobblestone finally made her look up after she realized they were getting louder. There, entering her families stable yard was the dress peddlers wagon from town. Its jaunty paint job and matching horses instantly recognizable. As if she needed more humiliation this night, now the peddler was here to make her pay her debts for damaging the dresses weeks ago. Truly the universe wanted her demise this night.
Dean swore at them, and continued his route to the large bay window where he stood looking out into the middle distance. Sam rolled his eyes and stood up from the gaming table, despite Charlie and Jo's protests that the game wasn't over, and joined his brother at the window.
Dean felt panicked slightly, stammering out. "I...I don't do anything." He knew how useless he was. He hunched his shoulders.
"Dean," he said his name with reverence. Nodding he began to turn and moved into the thickening fog.
“Away foul demon, he was never yours.” Dean called out, his voice tight with trying to hold back the pain. Sam was trying to struggle up, but he had fallen badly on his fore arms and was in more pain that Dean.
His phone was ringing and he answered, putting the phone on speaker and he buckled in and peeled out of the driveway.
“How’s he doing?” Sam asked her, afraid of the answer. He had been chatting with his friends and had made Jess do the surveillance.
He ran a hand up the man’s calves, kissing the inside of his knee, then the opposite thigh. Dean shivered as he got higher. Cas reached up stroking his hot dry cock with gentle pushing. Arching his back Dean pushed his hands into the bed, his legs bracing as his hips raised to meet his light touch. Cas moved his lips higher still and he lick up his balls into mouth.
“I didn’t...I didn’t have a chance to say anything. But the time I understood what was happening, what he was telling me… he was gone.”
“Ah yes, there was some trouble with the room keys last night. The handsome young man at the desk was kind enough to comp my drink for the inconvenience. Nice fellow. I think his name was Dean as well.  Was that all you needed?  I’m still quite tired from my trip.”
“Only opened his eyes to the truth, Castiel. I’ll help you out too.” He made it sound like a balm. He touched Cas’s forehead.
"Let's get you the heck out of here, shall we?" Bobby whispered gruffly into Castiel's ear. Castiel breathed out a worried sigh, nodding as he hurried her from the manor.
She flushed red, “no, uh no my apologies I will leave you alone. And your stay will be comped for the night.”
He let himself back into the office and slid behind the desk. He opened his laptop and went back to watching Dirty Dancing. He hadn’t wanted to admit to Cas that he had had a large amount of influence on the design of the place.
