“Only God can restore an angels wings, baby girl.”
“You want to stay away from these places, they are ungodly.”, for some reason the woman’s comment struck Chris as funny and she smothered a laugh.
“I’m sorry about Dean, sometimes he’s an idiot.”There was a short silence, Chris heard Sam say: “Go on Cas ask her!”
“Does that make you Buffy? Didn’t she have a boyfriend called-” Sam turn to smirk, Dean pulled a face.
“He has gone to the Liquor store”
“Why are you defending her!, you cast a spell on my brother too?”
“I couldn’t wake you, are you alright?”
“Thank you, but I still feel him with me sometimes,” Cas didn’t doubt that statement. Fiona shook her head sadly, “Now come on then my wee balach caillte, if we hurry Brian may give us Christmas dinner at the pub. Which will be better than the beans on toast we will be havin’ otherwise.”
“ready?”
Chris knew the moment it happened, she heard Cas scream Dean’s name in her head.  For a moment it overwhelmed all the other chattering voices. She stopped and stared at her reflection in a shop window, tears sliding unbidden down her face. She had known of course, she had always known that Cas would always choose Dean, but it still hurt. She scrubbed the tears from her face, the power flared under her skin. It was getting harder to control, she patted the reassuring weight of the archangel blade where it was concealed in her coat,  nothing left to lose now and no time left to waste.
“I already said no, I won’t let you take my power, I won’t be defenceless.”
“Will you fix her?”
They walked back into the shop, Cas was fiddling with a display of hex bags he was holding one up and examining it. “I should put that down if I was you Castiel, or you won’t be able to to get it up for the next six months” He dropped it with alacrity and rubbed his fingers on his shirt, when he turned round he was frowning, the frown deepened into a scowl when he saw Chris.
“Chris, there will be another way,” Sam again, “there is always a better way.”
“So we sure this is the place?” Dean asked for the fourth time since they had parked the impala in the cathedral’s shadow.
“What is going on here” Picard demanded as Worf surged forward to help restrain Sherlock.
“He’s in New Orleans, with Chris. We talked, I told him to go for it.”
“Dean, there is something I need to tell you.”
“Ah I get ya, wife get custody?”
“How hard can it be.”
“I’ll do it” Cas growled. Dean shrugged and handed him the kit before sitting back down. Dean watched his friend as he gently dabbed anti-septic on the bruised skin.“I don’t think a bandage is going to solve this, Dean.”
Feeling sick, she let go and watched him skitter away over the rocks. He didn’t even try to fly, just lumbered away and hid behind a stunted pine tree. It had only taken a second for her to feel all of it, so much pain, so many prayers and the slow growing horror that no one was coming for him. “I’m sorry Gabe” she took a step towards his hiding place and her own pain flared suddenly, from dull ache to fire. Eyes screwed tight shut, she fell to her knees. Her breath whistled between her teeth, she tried really hard not to scream, but failed abysmally.
“Come on Chris, live a little. Look at her, she is gorgeous” The girl slid along the seat and pressed herself against Chris draping an arm over her shoulders. She smelled oddly sweet, Chris smiled, she suspected the alcohol was effecting her judgement. She exchanged a look with Gabe.
“She’s stupid, she went after three ghouls on her own…and it turns out they were not even ghouls. That’s stupid and dangerous.”
“Is that my robe” he asked with annoyance.
Out of habit he switched on the monitor, he didn’t need the computer for this work really, but the lights cast a cheery glow in the darkness. He glanced out the window, the streaming stars told him they were coasting along at warp three. He still felt odd, disconnected, he took a deep breath and let it out slowly, willing his brain to slow down. “This is real, this is your real life” he re-assured himself and refused to acknowledge the sensation. ‘I’m not going down that road again’, he focused instead on the up-coming mission, three black-holes orbiting each other and he had to work out a way of cutting through the violent, heaving mess of energy to scan each of them.
“I’ll just keep you awake,” Sherlock made himself smile in what he hoped was a reassuring way, his husband wasn’t fooled, John pulled a disapproving face.
“Hey 13.8 billion.”
“Well, I’ll sit with you, I’m not tired.” He threw off his covers and reached for his jeans. Cas turned away so Dean wouldn’t see the blush that he felt blossoming on his face.
“See that’s how you talk to your elders,” she said to Castiel and Dean. “You have a good heart Sam Winchester. These other two, not so much. Too selfish, too wrapped up in their own angst. Looks like my baby picked the wrong man to hook up with.” She turned back to to Cas and whacked the back of his knees with her staff. The strength of the blow took him by surprise and he crashed to the floor. She placed a foot on the back of his neck and applied more pressure than should have been possible with her wizened body .
“I am your child, who else gets to judge you? You made the humans, you made them flawed, you gave them this beautiful universe then you gave them death. You made us Angels and forbid us from feeling. All I wanted was to give Humanity the things it lacked, the things you withheld-because of your own selfish ego.” Her Father’s face softened.
“So what’s that got to do with us?” Dean looked puzzled Cas groaned.
“Hi,” he managed, throat dry.
“I checked the house, every devils trap has been struck through, I’ve fixed the ones I could.”
“How are you feeling?” He came closer, hand outstretched like he was approaching a nervous animal. “I know it hurts,”Chris flinched away from his hand.
“I’m not as much as a ‘dumbass’ when it comes to feelings as Dean thinks. And I am sorry about your friend”
“And what were you doing while this abomination was taking my only kin?”
“John, you have to tell them!”
“Good bye Chris.” He cut the call and looked at Sam.
As it turned out Sam had been pre-emptively pulled from his bridge shift by Worf and sent to Shuttlebay three for guard duty. Initially he had been excited about getting close to the visitor’s craft. But after a couple of hours his fervour had cooled since all they were guarding was a slightly weird little blue box. It didn’t even look like a ship, in fact it didn’t look much like anything Sam had ever seen. He shifted uncomfortably trying to ease his cramping leg muscles and attracted the attention of his fellow conscript.
“I need your help with something, will you trust me?”
Dean turned round slowly and smiled “Well look who’s up.” She was slightly taller than he had thought and wiry. Her black hair was damp and hung down her back in thick curls.
“No he won’t, please stop this”
“I’m your Doctor, Dean” he tapped the replicator, “medical override, authorisation Castiel, alpha six two. 10 cc’s Ambizine.” Dean surreptitiously watched Cas as he waited for the replicator to whip a hypo-spray into existence. He liked the compact way Cas moved, no energy wasted. If Cas had noticed his surveillance he made no sign, he just pressed the hypo-spray into Dean’s neck. “this will  take about ten minutes to effect you, I suggest you go to bed now.”
“Sam, Shut up this isn’t your fault” Dean stood up and placed his hands on the table. Sam gaped at him, Cas said nothing just stared down into his lap. “And it’s not your fault either Cas, you couldn’t have known how things were going to turn out. Though maybe next time take my advice and date a stripper.”
The night was darker than Chris had hoped it would be, the encounter with the broken angel in the bar meant she was hunting later than she would have liked. The wind had died and the full moon she had been relying on was hidden beneath a dark heavy blanket of cloud.  Circumstances which did not make the cemetery look any-more appealing than it had by daylight. Half fallen Victorian memorials loomed out of the darkness as she crept forward. The sounds of a party, drifted on the still air causing her to swiftly crouch in the darker gloom of a table tomb. A few yards ahead a dim glow lit up the windows of a mausoleum, from the light that oozed down the steps she could tell the door was ajar. Inside someone turned the music up- Zeppelin, ‘good times, bad times’, well at least they had good taste in music if not in party venues. She smiled to her self and her machete hissed softly as she drew it from its sheath.
“Is that what you want?” The sympathy in Cas’ voice made Dean bristle, he snorted out a laugh.“You are angry.”
“It’s going to be alright” her cheek was pressed against his, their tears mingling together.
“I said don’t lie to me” She folded her arms and took a deep breath. “Tell me, what is going on Cas.” There was nothing for it, the last dregs of warmth, of happiness fled Cas’ heart, he couldn’t put it off any longer.
“you really need me to explain this to you?” Dean sounded incredulous.
“Yes”
“We are not here to fight” Sam set the jar down on the other side of the room, safely out of Dean’s reach. That earned him a slight smile from Ariela which infuriated Dean, “Ariela, we don’t know what Asmodeus did to her. She was screaming on angel radio, I’m surprised you didn’t hear her.” Ariela’s turn to look uncomfortable.
“Bless your heart, would you prefer Grampy, or Pops?” Her power flared making her wince and grit her teeth. Chuck could feel it she could tell by the way his eyes flicked over her. She straightened up and pretended to tighten the trench coat’s belt.
Cas knew he should say something, try and comfort her somehow, though he couldn’t find the words. Chris slipped out of bed and pulled on an old t-shirt of Jack’s, her movements jerky. He could hear her breathing slowly, deeply  trying to hold herself together. “Chris” he got no further than her name, she held up a hand silencing him.
“okay well, then I say come home, bring Chris. The bunker will be safer, Cas we are better together. You, me , Sam.”
“So your telling us Chris is a freaking nephilim!” Dean turned away throwing his arms in the air “Well that’s just great.”
“Hey dude, I’m right here” Sam snorted.
“I should carry you” Castiel rumbled.
“Asmodeus” She acknowledged him with a nod.
“He was after Chris. Why?” Sam wondered. “And why didn’t he gank us?”
“Like us, family business then. where are you based?” Sam glanced at Dean “If you’re based anywhere.” He added sheepishly.
“Yes they are” Picard leaned forward, hands steepled together. “Sam, I’m going to tell you something” He paused again, eyes flicking over Sam, measuring. “Some people don’t come home from the battle some of us- I mean some people carry it with them for a long time” Picard’s eyes looked inwards for a moment, Sam found himself wondering how much of the battle Picard was still carrying. “your brother needs help. This is not something you should fix, it’s something he has to fix” Picard sighed.
“I’ll be there tonight, I promise.”
“Yes, the motorcycle was considerably faster than I thought.”
“Cas, it’s too dangerous”
“Chris wouldn’t do that, she wouldn’t endanger the whole world.”
“Yes” more lies, sorry I didn’t hit him harder, Cas seemed to pick up on the subtext, he skewered Dean with a stare of pure diamond.
Cas nodded and unwillingly stepped inside, Dean wasn’t in the main living area. Through there were signs of his presence, an empty whisky bottle stood on the table next to a pile of holographs. Cas picked one of them up gingerly, A younger Dean and his brother posing on the front lawn of the academy displaying cheesy grins for the camera. He put the picture down carefully, next to one he assumed was Dean’s mother, a pretty blond woman smiling for the camera.
“Tell me you came up with this apology yourself.”
“Well, you Americans do have odd names, you are American?”
“That’s not a ‘nothing’ look” she grabbed his chin and made him face at her. “This isn’t the first time you have seen this is it, I remember now.” She searched his face, he could almost feel her scrabbling for the shared memory. “There was someone like me, long ago, I can’t quite-”
“Some where more comfortable?” He kissed her throat and felt her shiver.
“I know when you are lying to me Sam.” Dean flicked through Sam’s phone “Oh what have we here, text from Cas ‘She liked the flowers, NOW WHAT DO I DO?’ and you replied ‘KISS HER YOU IDIOT’, care to explain Sam. I could take a wild guess, but I would rather hear it from you.”
“She’s getting worse, we can’t just sit here.” Cas stood up, shaking off Dean’s restraining hand. He caught himself praying and stopped abruptly. He had been angry at first, when his repeated attempts to heal her had failed and he had screamed at Sam and Dean to leave him alone. Now though, his rage had burned out leaving a sick hollow feeling and the cold horror of impending loss. He flinched as Dean pulled him into a short hard hug.
“Really Cas?” She glared at him across the table, clearly it was not the time for levity. “I need to find out what is happening to me, are you going to help or make stupid jokes.”
“So did you do it,” Afterwards Dean was never sure why he asked that particular question.
“Oh you under estimate yourself child” His hand shot out and grabbed her wrist turning it so he could see the veins under her skin. He licked his lips and scored a nail across, blood welled up. She tried to pull away but was held fast by his goons. He dipped a finger delicately into the welling blood. “Now lets see if you have enough juice for my purposes” he popped his finger in his mouth sucking it delightedly. “Mmmm, yes I can taste that angelic grace. Its strong in you, just as well. I was going to use Lucifer half -breed, but he managed to evade my armies. You will do just as well.” He dipped his finger and tasted again “but there’s something else. You been possessed by an angel, more than possessed I can taste him. He has been inside you in every-way possible.” Chris stared at him defiantly, even though she was fighting the urge to vomit.
“Don’t make me beg Choirboy, at least not yet” that earned her a smile, the slow seductive one that made the corners of his eyes crinkle. He kissed her,  hesitation gone.
“Yes I suppose I did” Cas suddenly wished she would drop the subject, lying still made him uncomfortable.
“What’s your name?”
“Calm down buddy”
“Thanks Donna, I owe you one.”
“No Cas, its fine. So explain what Dean?”
“It’s not you Cas, it’s just something new.” Sam was trying to be reassuring, but Dean didn’t buy it, judging from his expression neither did Cas. Sam headed up the steps to the library, Dean smiled to himself, that was Sammie, always the one with a plan.
“How old are they?”
“Yes”
“okay choirboy, yes”
“I’m fine Dean.” Cas made himself straighten up, he glanced up at Chris. “Have you managed to find anything that might help,” Deans turn to look away.
“Can we please talk about Chris?”
“Gabe, no he needs to pay for this!” but her rock hard certainty was starting to shift. She had lost Cas, was revenge really worth losing everything else?
“Put him down, we’ll settle up then go.”
“I hadn’t noticed.” Cas mumbled, but Dean saw the glance the angel directed at his charge before staring down at his feet.
“Jack come and sit, while I tell Cas here why he is a dumbass” Dean pulled out the chair next to him
“Why?”
“Are you really alright?”
“Well you might learn a thing or two Deano” Chris countered, Cas noticed she was smiling at Dean.  Chuckling to him self, Dean hitched himself up on the table.
“Yes you should, one of you should have.”
“Real smooth, Cas.” she squeezed his hand. “Did Sam give you any other advice?”
“That would probably be a good idea.”
Cas sat very still for a while, trying to sort out his feelings.  He was angry at dean, but a large part of him was telling him to ignore Dean, get in the car and drive to Louisiana immediately. Sam hadn’t moved either, he was watching Cas. The expression on his face was troubled.
“In my defence I told him not to.” Sam interjected holding his hands up.
“That I did, Cas. So what about you? Everything okay?” John tucked back into his meal with gusto, Cas let out a groan. “Well that didn’t sound very positive, What’s eating you? Or rather who?”
“I’m sorry that was inappropriate” he stood up and walked away, “you should rest, I’ll go and get food” the door banged behind him.
“Sensors are picking up an unknown vessel at least I think it’s a vessel. it’s quite small could be an escape pod”
“Another?”
“Jack, what are you doing here” Cas shrugged off Dean’s restraining hand, he pulled Jack to the corner of the room furthest away from Ariela. Sam joined them his face reflecting Cas’ own worry.
“About twenty, I thought perhaps we could run some simulations tomorrow.”Annoying as Data’s pre-occupation with his literary namesake was, he was one of the few people Sherlock felt comfortable collaborating with. Most of his staff couldn’t keep up.
Dean sipped his third bottle of beer and flipped open his fifth book of angel lore, the words were starting to swim in front of his eyes. “how about this Sammy? An incantation to ‘govern the holy ones’, at least I think that’s what it says” Dean squinted at the miniscule text, he was starting to think he needed glasses. “Its in some kind of old English and the incantation is in Enochian, take a look.” He shoved the book across the table, Sam caught it awkwardly and glared at Dean.
“I’m giving you the choice, free will, kind of my thing” God shrugged, he looked pleased with himself, Chris wanted very much to punch him in the face.
“What am I doing here?”
“Sam, weird doesn’t even cover this”
“Sassy Cassie” Chris snorted, she was feeling light headed again. It faded after a moment, “there’s a first aid kit under the bed, for emergencies.” She heard the rustle as he retrieved the kit from its hiding place, heard the crinkle as he tore open a pack of needles and felt his hand warm and steady on her shoulder and his breath tickling her neck as he leaned down to examine the bite.
Dean dreamed of fire, not the smokey dull flames of hell, but a blaze like the sun that instantly turned everything it touched to ash and dust. Screams close by, Cas, Sam and Jack, their forms nothing but shadows that disintegrated even as he reached out to drag them to safety.
“Well sorry, we were kind of busy on the bridge today,” Sam muttered.
“Are you sure, you’ve been through a lot-” Chris sensed there was something more weighing on her angels mind, something terrible, she could see it in his eyes. He wanted her though, that was evident in the way his hand was gripping her hip and in other less subtle ways. She snagged his tie again and used it to draw him down until they were lying nose to nose.
“With everything Jean-Luc, with everything.”
“What’s the last thing you do remember?”
“Okay” She shook herself . ‘just another client, they are just another case’, she reminded herself while ignoring the incredulous scream constricting her chest, why was the multiverse doing this to her? She smiled brightly at the dark haired one “And what should I call you?”
“Nothing is going on with me, I just need to think about some things.”
“Shakespeare? I get that reference.”
“Gabe are you sure you want to do this?”
“I will kill you.” Asmodeus panted, pulling himself upright. Chris wasn’t fooled she could see him shaking, how had she ever been afraid of this creature?
“Okay buddy, I told you I’ll take care of it.” He let go of Cas’ shoulders and forced a smile, “Now come on let’s go get our other feathered idiot and drag her ass home, alright?”
“What are you going to tell him?” Cas felt sudden shame, he hadn’t told Jack about any of this, some parent he was.
“Like the one Rowena used on Lucifer?” Dean didn’t like remembering that, another time when he had nearly lost Cas.
“Shut the door, Chris”
“I switched it off boys”
“Promises, promises”
“Woah, he is majorly pissed” Sam leaned against the wall.
“Geordi..”
“What’s going on?” Jack looked confused, Internally Cas sighed right now he didn’t want to talk to Jack about any of this, he didn’t even really know where he should start.
“Good choice.”
“Is that any way to talk to your father?” Chuck took a step forward. Cas felt a rush of fear, but he didn’t back down.
“I promised her” he shouted and was suddenly limp in Sam’s arms, dissolving into great messy sobs much to the surprise of the younger Winchester. Cas dropped to his knees, fingers resting on the floor where she had vanished, he felt Dean’s arms around him.
Sam was groaning, Cas grabbed him and pulled him to his feet, leaving him to lean against the bar and hold his head. Cas staggered over to Dean, dreading at what he might find, the hunter was so still. “Dean” He dropped to his knees and touched Dean’s face gingerly. Coldness settled in Cas’ heart as he inspected Dean’s injuries, Chris had ripped him apart. He pulled the lax body against him, and sent his grace winging through Dean, knitting his hurts together and biding his spirit back in his body.
“And that means?” Sam wanted very badly to stand up and pace out his anxiety.
“It doesn’t feel like that, I killed so many.” he held out his hands as if he could still see the blood. Chris covered his hands with hers.
“My sons Gilgamesh and Anepu fine boys, until they were murdered by their own grand father.” she  hitched herself up on the counter and stared pensively at her hands. Cas could sense her grief, it lay across her grace like a shadow.
“I have to go.”
“Maybe, he went to get a beer” Dean mused, trying to ignore the sudden dread bubbling in his belly. He banged loudly on the door “Cas, come on man!” Still no answer, “something ain’t right.” He tried the door handle. “It’s locked?” Sam asked, Dean nodded.
“maybe, I’ll leave you to get dressed,” Once he had shut the door behind him he groaned, Dean had been right-A horror movie indeed.
“She’s gone, she knocked me out and left” Cas’ breath caught in his chest, he forced the pain back down, something must have shown on his face though. Dean’s expression softened Cas heard him sigh.
“What do you mean?”
“Like a nurse? Is she hot?”
“And?”
“you care to elaborate on that Lady.” Dean snapped, Asasa turned her attention to him, he resisted the urge to look away it was hard. Her gaze flayed him, she could see right through him right to the core. Her mouth drew back in disgust at the mess she found there. Asasa circled them staff tapping on the floor, she stopped and peered at Sam.
“Why?” the girl glared at him.
“Cas this looks like-”
“But-”
“Well your the one dating her niece. I’ll stand behind you” Dean quipped. Sam gave Dean a look of exasperation and went to stand next to Cas.
“With Dean, I expect” The bitterness roughened her voice, she followed him to the edge.
“The prince of hell?” Cas took a breath, his chest suddenly tight.
“And they hurt?”
“Then I will strip it from your mind and throw what’s left to the hell hounds, I think I saw the kennels on the way in here.”
“who Chris?”
“Are you sure, I wouldn’t want to-”
“What you are? Call it a talent, I can see your halo.” They drank in silence for a moment.“So what’s your name choir boy?”
“Keep it together Uncle Gabe”
“About what?”
“Dean said she was like me. I’ve never met anyone else like me. Besides I thought I could help.” Jack shuffled his feet and gave Cas a sulky stare. “And I was worried, you didn’t even call me”
“Do you  know what’s happening to me?”
, the Doctor giggled at her own flowery metaphor, maybe her head was more messed up than she thought.
“Which one?” She asked
“I sleep,” Dean stared into his glass to avoid his brother’s concerned gaze.
“One panic attack, it was one.”
Cas stretched lazily, he was lying on his back, one arm thrown over his head and the other curled possessively round Chris’ waist. He was enjoying the warm fuzzy feeling of being totally exhausted and refusing to think beyond this particular moment.  “I thought I was going to make you beg” he said softly. Chris snuggled closer and peered at him through half closed eyes.
“And you will do stupid ass things” Dean continued oblivious to Cas’ thoughts, his tone had turned bleak .
“Sam’s right, we shouldn’t provoke her. Chris can be very uh, impulsive,” Cas smiled to himself at some memory, Dean guessed. “It was one of the things I liked about her.” Dean groaned internally.
“Yes, like having permanently broken limbs.”His voice broke a little.
“John has more experience-”
“You can’t stay David, the rage will only get worse and worse, until you hurt Fiona or someone else you love.”
“Who will look after you?”
“Well I was never really fond of that painting anyway,” The Doctor standing behind him, looking utterly un-fazed by his reaction.
A sharp intake of breath informed him he had an audience, he turned round slowly. Fiona frozen in the act of closing the door a hand pressed to her mouth. Cas tried to act nonchalantly, he shrugged as if nothing had happened and tried to hand the child back. Fiona held up a hand and seemed to pull herself together.
“You’re perceptive-.”
“What about her?”
“How Sam?” Cas stared at the laptop screen, traffic reports as far as he could tell.
Dean scrubbed his face tiredly, “I’m going to call Jack, tell him to stay away until this is over.”
“They tried to bind him, but it didn’t work and he burned.”
“Okay, maybe you should do it.” Chris dragged the words out of herself, she glanced up defiantly at Gabriel, who looked confused.
“You don’t need to do that, you should conserve your strength.” he held her carefully, like she was made of glass, “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want to die.”
“Uh Dean-” Sam reaching to yank him out of harms way.
“What is it now child?”
“You are a polite young man, I take it Sam had a hand in your rearing. Couldn’t trust Thelma and Louise here to teach a child his manners, heathens both of them.”
“Don’t lie to me Cas”
“Yes ma’am” John looked away to boot up the nearest console. A loud gasp from his patient grabbed his attention, she was sat up holding her chest.
“Nothing bad” Larry had smiled at him, “Bobby was a good friend, still miss the old son of a bitch. You need anything you call me.”He had handed Cas a card and two jars of honey. “On the house.”
“I know her” Cas’ voice was low, dangerous, “She wouldn’t, she just wouldn’t” Dean heard his voice crack, Cas directed a swift heartsick glare at all three of them and stalked out.
“Dean, I have to find her.”
“I think you know the answer to that.”
Back in the library, Sam was already leafing through a pile of books. He stopped when Dean placed a beer in front of him, “dude its 11:30, in the morning.” Dean shrugged and sat opposite him.
“Oh look who is awake”
“Neat trick.”
“Excellent!” Cas began unpacking the groceries, “I’ll cook.” The three humans looked at him shocked.
“Chris you’ll kill him!”
“What was your plan?” he raised his eyebrows at her, “hmm? What were you going to do Chris.”
“And I’ll kill Asmodeus, then at least I will have done one good thing” Cas stared at her in shock, she meant it he could tell.
“Don’t I know it, I love that child.” Ariela swallowed her tears, and looked at her father. He nodded.
“Yes, it’s me” he sounded hesitant, unsure. “I wanted to check you got home”
“Dean, It’s been days. Something is very wrong , we should call Ariela.” Cas heard the sigh that Dean couldn’t quite stifle.
Sam has a decision to make about his future, Dean discusses the past with his new therapist..who he is not especially pleased to find out is no longer a certain blue eyed hotty, John watson wonders if his best friend is just terminally unable to fall for someone totally sane.
“Will it hurt him.”
“For how long? I won’t end up like Sarah”
“Enough games. The spell, the one you were going to use my blood for, I want it.”
“Yes, but what was I supposed to do?”
“I’d rather you told me.”
“Cas, I was out hunting vampires, when I should have been here protecting them.” She started to turn back, Cas stopped her.
Now Cas was driving down the 55 as the sun set, driving towards home. Chris was a humming along to a song on the radio, her hand resting on his leg. “Thank you for letting me drive, Dean never let me drive the Impala.”Chris didn’t answer for a moment.
“It’s not going to happen, we are not letting this happen! Are we?” Cas turned to his friends aware of the pleading tone in his voice and not caring,.
“take no notice Cas, this would be just my kind of place,” Dean nudged his shoulder and winked.  “Everybody ready?” Cas growled. Sam nodded and held up some angel cuffs.
“Dean, please. What would you do if it was Sam lying there? Or Jack? Or me?”
“Whats up Cas, where’s my favourite girl?”
“What are we going to do if this works?” Dean took the bag and hoisted it over his shoulder.
“Well that’s a bullshit excuse”
“Well that’s the Winchesters! can’t kill em, can’t keep them locked in a sex dungeon.”Gabriel smiled at her.
“Just bonding Cas.”He shared another haunted glance with Chris, and plastered a silly smile on his face. “you want me though, I can tell.”he raised an eyebrow a clear message to ‘play along’.
“Okay” Cas made to follow them.
“I don’t know what you are talking about child!” Cas could tell she was lying, so evidentially could Chris.
“I’m sorry that happened Sam.”
“Cas please don’t, I should have known Asmodeus would try something,” it was too much, Cas tried to turn away, Chris sensed his urge to run and gripped his trench coat stopping him, “Cas, please can you just-”
Sam nodded.
“Fiat voluntas tua.” she said loudly, a flash of bright light followed briefly illuminating the bag. She wound a leather thong round the small thing and hung it around Castiel’s neck. “I cannot stop your pain, but I can reduce it. This is nothing more than a band-aid, your wings are an open wound, and like all open wounds the dressing will need to be changed periodically.”  As she placed the thong round his neck Cas cried out “Better?” Asasa asked.
“Yes Dean, she is very hot. Sexy uniform and everything,” Cas was rewarded by a choking sound from his significant other and allowed him self a sly grin.
“You need to sleep” no argument from her this time, gently he laid her down and wiped her eyes. She smiled up at him, he kissed her. Intending for it to be a swift goodnight gesture, but the softness of those lips caught him off-guard and he allowed himself to kiss her harder. When he pulled away Chris moaned in disappointment and caught hold of his tie.“Are you sure?, you should rest”
not everything ends, not love, not always.
Linda was finally learning to spot them when they came sauntering in her office. She wasn’t sure how the word had gotten out that she was a specialist, but it had and now her client list was growing exponentially. At least for a certain kind of client.
“I’ll save her and she will never forgive me. But at least she will be alive.” Dean nodded, he stroked his fingers along Cas’ jaw. He kissed him hesitantly, then harder, Cas’ fingers gripped his hips pulling him closer. He reached down and tugged at Cas’ fly, then at his own. He didn’t really know what he wanted, his brain had dissolved into pure need. He needed to touch and be touched in return. Dean groaned as Cas’ hand closed round his cock. He grabbed at Cas greedily, wrenching the white shirt over his head and let his hands glide over the smooth, firm muscles of his back. Dean  pulled his t-shirt off and threw it at the wall, before letting Cas drag him down to the bed.  Dean could already feel the delicious sensation of  his muscles bunching. Cas bucked against him, Dean grabbed at his ass and their rhythm steadied. Dean’s belly was already slippery with pre-come, he pulled Cas closer squirming against the hard muscles of his belly, trying to hold on to the exhilarating feeling for just a moment later, it was too much he let go.
“I did, I’m so sorry.”
He was sat at the kitchen table drinking coffee and trying to read the news on his laptop while waiting for the caffeine to kick in and wondering how the hell they were ever going to find Chris in time, when Dean breezed in wearing nothing but his robe and a smile.
“I’m never going to be ready, but there is nothing else to try is there?” He heard the bitterness in his own voice. Dean heard it too, judging by the way he huffed and turned Cas round to face him.
“So it’s my fault,” Self loathing, never far away engulfed Cas like a flood. Ariela leaned across and touched his face.
Dean stared at the painting on the wall, some boring pastoral scene of Vulcan or somewhere, He hated waiting. He had been practically frogmarched to the therapy room by Sam, only to find the Doctor was running late. Sam had promptly abandoned him to return to the bridge with the promise that one of his fellow security types would escort Dean back to their cabin later. He shifted on the too low couch, there wasn’t enough room between the coffee table and the couch for him to stretch out his legs. Feeling cooped up wasn’t helping his irritation, he realised his hands had curled into fists without him noticing. Damn it, he stood up and paced the small room. How had he ended up like this? okay he had always been a bit of a rebel, but punching a senior officer? He stopped in front of the painting, not really even looking at it. The colours blended together, reds and browns and to Dean it looked like blood, he snatched the damn thing off the wall and threw it on the ground, the canvas tore. Dean stared at it breathing hard.
“Hello Dean and its fine, take a seat,” The Doctor sat down without waiting for Dean and watched him, head tilted slightly on one side. Dean perched on the edge of the couch, hands dangling between his knees. He had put down some of his original reaction to the doctor to a lingering concussion, it was disconcerting to realise that the guy really was that attractive. Dean decided that the carpet deserved a thorough visual study.
“Oh good?” Sam sounded suspicious, Dean suppressed a sigh.
It was dark and cold, the voices had returned, she could make them out muttering on the edge of her consciousness. She wanted to tell them to be quiet, but some instinct told her it would be better not to attract their attention. There was also the other thing, he was there staring into her eyes, his face full of lascivious vicious joy and her blood speckling his lips. It was as if he had crawled under her skin and was waiting for her there in the dark behind her eyes. She suppressed another sob, pushing it down to the growing tightness in her chest. She wanted very badly to scream, but she knew that if she started she wouldn’t stop. Some one was urgently calling her name in a panicked, scared voice. She ignored it, not real. Some thing grabbed her and all she could see was Asmodeus’ yellow eyes as he delicately lapped up her blood, Blinded by horror she struck out with her nails. It was Cas, his blue eyes staring at her in shock, four deep scratches down his cheek dripping blood where she had struck him.
“Guys maybe we should have this conversation tomorrow.”
“Admiring the view”
“Demon, not quite a year ago. Sarah tried to get out of the life and she did for a while.”
“I know what you meant” she growled at him. Unsteadily she headed for the corridor nearly colliding with Jack, who gave her a surprised smile. “Out of the way kid” she pushed past him.
“No it won’t Dean, because I choose you, always you.” Dean kissed him, he hadn’t known he was going to do it, until his tongue bumped against Cas’ lips and then it was too late to turn back. Cas’ tongue touched his and Dean let out a soft moan. Cas pushed him away “are you sure, Dean?”
“No hell is noisier and it smells bad.” he smiled nervously “Why do you think this is hell?”
“You send him into the light.” Cas was amazed he managed to say that without cringing, Fiona after all did not know that heaven was broken. “Its the best thing for both of you.” he said softly and wiped an errant tear from her cheek.
“Ahh Doctor? You here to see Dean?”
“I’ve slept long enough, we talk about this now” She glanced up at Sam, her expression sharp, “ I’m sure Sam here can go and tell his brother you are fine.” Sam nodded.
“What, why?”
“Told you we should have brought Jack” Dean muttered, “Cas are you okay?” Cas couldn’t answer him, couldn’t even meet Dean’s gaze. “Cas, buddy?”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Cas!” Chris reached for him concerned, He smiled broadly at her and laughed. “Are you alright?”He nodded.
After a couple of minutes of awkward silence Cas said “She doesn’t like me.”
“I didn’t mean to fall, just hung around with the wrong crowd.”
“Something like that.” The man looked like he was going to inquire further, but something distracted his attention.
“There’s always hope buddy, you know that.”
“So who is the mystery man, who has your pants in a twist?”
“maybe, not exactly, But they are dead. Is Asmodeus really after you?”
“Sorry mate, I just want you to be happy.” John shrugged, Cas tried to keep his face neutral, but he must have let some sign show, because John stopped eating and pinned him in place with a look. “Okay what is it?”
“Don’t say that.”
“Cas, that’s messed up.”
“I was just doing what you guys do.” Sam and Dean exchanged a look.
“Sir, I honestly don’t know what Dean will do if he can’t be in starfleet. Being an engineer was all he ever wanted to do.”
“You know what Sam? I like Chris she seems sweet and I do think she cares about our little tree topper.”
“Cas right now, you don’t have to. I want to stop thinking”
“Its not Larry..”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Yes and No, I’m Jack.”
“The difference between a random roll in the hay and a serious relationship.”Sam raised an eyebrow, he was clearly resisting the urge to smile. “Unless you want to explain that Sammie?”
“Cas, I’m not really up for this whole therapy thing, I’ve just had enough,” The doc put aside the Padd he had been taking notes on and approached Dean, catching him in that intense gaze. Dean couldn’t look away.
“Maybe, but they haven’t hung us yet” Dean turned towards the door, he looked over his shoulder when he realised Cas was not following him.
“Is that what I think it is?” Riker pointed at the screen, Sam saw concerned looks pass between the bridge team,
“I have no idea what you are talking about, I’m just a hunter. Kill me already.” He stepped down from his throne and peered into her eyes smiling his oh so pleasant smile.
“Yeah sorry, it was in the shower room. My clothes are kinda covered in ghoul blood. I was wondering if you boys could lend me some.”
“You ride the brakes worse than Sam, never happening Cas.”
“No, Fiona. Now on your feet, you’re a big lad and I canna carry you”
“Hang on, you cook now?” Dean asked dubiously, voicing what they were all thinking. Cas shrugged at them.
“About Chris? Bring her back here?”
And that was how it started. Some of her clients were easier to deal with than others. The blonde thirty something vampire slayer with the complicated love life was just after some perspective, the teenager in the spiderman suit missed his Dad and struggled with his identity, but there were others who stretched her capabilities. The Doctor, for instance, who never seemed to show up with the same face for more than two appointments in a row and who had once brought a past Scottish version of his/her/ themselves to a session for ‘anger management’ strategies.
“yeah, just. What’s this doing here” he stooped down and picked up the angel blade that was lying on the floor. He showed it to Dean who took it gingerly.
“be happy little one,” not much of a blessing, but all he had to give in these days of a broken heaven. He sensed it, a discordant note, as if one of the musicians downstairs had missed a beat. It was her heart, a tiny imperceptible fault. He healed it instinctively, even though his grace had barely recharged. The light flashed from his hand to her skin.
“Okay, I’ll take him. If only so you finally get laid! How long ago was Balthazar?”
“No Aunty, Cas saved me.” Cas breathed a sigh of relief as Asasa switched her gaze back to Chris. The old woman’s eyes were like razors, he had a suspicion that no corner of himself would be sacred under that diamond edged stare.
“Where!” Cas demanded, Chuck shrugged and tapped his nose.
“Dean-”
“Earlier, when I kissed you” he licked his lips, skin flaring red. “I’m sorry about that.”
“I didn’t ask how you got in, I asked what are you doing here”
“So long Sam”
“I am not liking this one bit” he took a step back and drew his colt. A swift kick and the door burst inwards, splintering the lock. Dean stepped inside swinging his gun in a wide arc. He came to an abrupt halt, “Oh, Cas. What have you done.”
“I don’t know Sam” Cas took a breath to try and quell the panic rising in his chest. “But if we don’t stop her-” he stopped and shook his head. “It’s not a risk we can afford to take.”
Cas stared at his friend in disbelief. Even with his shaky grasp of human interaction, he knew Dean was acting irrationally. He sat down unsure what to do “I’m sorry, for hitting you.” Dean sighed, put the tablet down and looked his friend in the eyes.
“Dean come on, Cas has been acting odd for months, I don’t think we can pin this on Chris she only just got here.”
“I’m, I’m sorry” Cas muttered, “If you knew what the last few years have been like” he shook his head.
“I can see, in fact, I’m pretty sure I’m never going to un-see that.”
“I’m sorry man, do me a favour? Call us if something like this happens again”
“Dean maybe you should put that down” Sam appeared at Dean’s shoulder and yanked the holy oil from his grasp.
“Drop out of warp” Worf ordered and the ship slowed, the kaleidoscope pattern of warp space returning to a normal star field.“Where is it?”Worf’s voice was tight. Sam felt his neck prickle with anticipation, he halted the diagnostic and got ready to bring the shields online if needed.
“What if I told you that I did know, and yet I still-” her breath caught in her throat and she shook her head.
“oh it’s you, put Cas back on.”
“How do you think?” Sam heard the suppressed anger in his brothers voice, Dean taking all the guilt on his shoulders-again.
“Chuck, call me Chuck.” They walked along the shore in silence for a while, “So what would you like to do? go shopping ? I could make you something, maybe a pony?” He was smiling at her hopefully. An incredulous laugh bubbled out of Chris before she could stop it.
“No, Come on this way.” they walked a little way down the street, to a Hoodoo shop that looked like all the other hoodoo shops in the city, a tacky plastic Baron Samedi hung in the window amongst other tourist tat, but a hunter sign was scratched into a corner of the glass. Cas sensed that the place was warded. Chris pushed the door open somewhere a bell rung. Inside the shop was less tacky, herbs hung from the ceiling and a number of scattered tables contained the usual arrays of chicken feet and other Hoodoo wares. Chris headed to the back of the shop “Aunty are you here?”
“And why is that, Choirboy?”
“Teachers pet” Dean snorted, “So you’re just going to leave me here alone?”
“I’m sorry”
“It’s kind of chilly up here, are you sure you wouldn’t rather be some where else?” Chris rubbed her hands together and suppressed a shiver. She walked a few steps over bare grey rock and looked down at the water of the fjord, as it crashed and boiled below them. “Gabe, I know I said we needed to go off grid, but we could do that in Hawaii.” She glanced back to where Gabriel was perched, motionless on a granite boulder. “You know on a beach,” She picked up a rock and dropped it over the edge, “Why did you bring us here?” No response, “I don’t have time for this!” She planted herself directly in front of the archangel, he dropped his gaze, deliberately avoiding her eyes.
“I’m so sorry, he hasn’t been well-”
“Doctor this is the Enterprise do you require our assistance?”
Chapter two.
“Oh I was child. And the only reason you and these boys are not bloody smears on the floor, is because my little brother cared about you. Not that it helped him any, since you also got him killed.”
“Cas buddy listen to me, you have to calm down. We don’t know how many demons are in there, which means we have to be careful. Get in, get Chris and get out-Quietly. If we go rushing in there Asmodeus may just kill her, and us. So stow your crap.” Cas at least looked contrite, but Dean sensed his friend was still furious.
“Dean, you can’t Molotov cocktail my girlfriend’s mother.”
“Come on, I’ll sort you out some clothes.”Sam tugged at the bitch’s shoulder, desperate to get her away from him.
“Shut up!”
“Oh baby girl, what have they done to you?”
Cas stiffened a brief flick of his wrist slid his blade into his hand. The woman didn’t flinch she just grinned. “Put it away blue eyes, I’m not here for you.”
Another day in engineering, another day running diagnostics and pretending to care. Dean prodded the touch screen lazily. 'Christ I’m bored' two weeks running maintenance because he had accidentally, okay purposely,  upset the first officer and he was dying of boredom. It wasn’t like he had meant to upset Riker, but the man made it so easy. All he had said was “you need some more ego with those poker chips” after losing a particularly expensive game of cards, okay maybe throwing the chips in Riker's face had not been a good idea either, but Dean was done. He was tired, his next scheduled leave was months away and he was still having nightmares about the bloody Borg. He nearly jumped out of his skin when a hand touched his shoulder.
“Well that’s not quite true is it?” Chuck glared at him, Cas pulled himself up straight meeting his father’s gaze without flinching.
Somehow they wound up sharing a booth with the blonde and her giggling dark haired friend. Gabe had switched drinks and was swigging bourbon straight from the bottle, arms wrapped firmly round the waists of both girls. Chris watched him through her own alcohol induced haze, wondering if perhaps she should leave him to it and go back to the motel. She said as much to him.
“I told you taking precautions.”
“Cas, what happened to me?” he couldn’t help it, he wrapped his arms round her, pulling her against him, Chris buried her head in his shoulder. She was here, she was warm and alive again in his arms. “You’re here that’s all that matters” he muttered into her hair
“Nice Cas, classy.” Sam was trying to lighten the mood, Cas wished he wouldn’t. Sometimes he thought humanity needed to learn when to shut up.
“He was up till gone six” John complained and stabbed his fried breakfast, spearing a piece of bacon. “I mean it Cas, I cannot go through another Cantor V.”
“No it’s more than that, it’s a place of concentrated faith, of power. We have to go now, right now.”
“Bored Sam?” Eileen grinned at him.
A stealthy walk took her round the scattered tombstones and she wrenched open the door just as Paige started the guitar solo. There were three of them, where she had been expecting the solitary she had been tracking. All male, sat round what was left of a teenage boy. Judging by the smell he had there a while, nevertheless they were still eating him. Gobbets of his flesh hung from their fingers and his blood stained their clothes. Chris swung the blade at the nearest one neatly severing his head, but she had been lucky. The other two had got over their shock and were already on their feet, they both rushed her. With no room to swing the knife she gave ground and found her back pressed to the wall.
okay maybe not her exactly, him, but still her. Another memory, an even older one tapped its nose and twirled a bizarrely long scarf at her,
“you have a sudden need for reading material?”
“Well I’m loving the bedtime story, but what has this got to do with Chris” Dean demanded. Cas suddenly felt sick as realisation hit him.
“You are right Cas, I do.” She dropped her hand and Dean collapsed to the floor, “and I said I wouldn’t hurt you” she glanced over her shoulder at the stricken hunter. “goodbye Cas” she vanished.
“There you are Mairi!, hows the wee one today?” the girl looked up, she was quite young only in her early twenties, with a great deal of blonde hair which cascaded over her shoulders and made her face look small and pale.
“Well I have had a long time to think about things, look back on my choices as it were and I think its time for a new chapter. Because you were right, I have messed up.”
“Chris gave it to me or rather she made Ariela give it too me. It stops the pain from my wings, you know they hurt all the time right?”
“I’d be surprised if you did. She is in some kind of neural shock, keep an eye on her brain activity.”
“Angels?” Sam asked
Cas started to slide off the bed. “you should rest for a while.” Chris’ hand shot out and grabbed his wrist.
“You mean to Castiel? I can’t say I totally approve-” Chuck flew back wards and landed with a loud crunch on the pebbly beach. Chris grinned to herself she hadn’t expected to be able to do that, she stooped down and stared God straight in the eyes.
“Really?” Crowley asked. Linda nodded and wondered if perhaps she should set up some sort of group therapy session.
“Can they find her Cas?” Sam’s voice was tight with sudden fear, Dean saw his brothers eyes dart round the room.
“I’ll see you tomorrow at 1400 hours, Sam he is all yours if you want him.”
“Thanks”
“That explains the accent, I went there once.”
“Cas, what the hell are you talking about”
“No Sam, me and Dean will talk about this now.” Cas growled at him. “Why did you send her away Dean.” Sam found himself praying his brother would show a modicum of sense and not further upset their utterly wasted angelic friend.
“Cas!” he called out as he recognised it as Chris, he need not have bothered. His friend was already in motion, shrugging off his trench coat and wrapping it round his naked filthy lover.
"Damn it." He cursed softly and turned to the window.
Because that's what John did. That's what Dean had learned was normal.
And after that, Dean would leave. He'd either leave the room and sometimes he'd drive away and not come back for hours. But he'd always pretend like nothing happened.
"Over here!" Another voice called. "There's still a few pirates over here!"
"Ash!" Dean called from his office.
Castiel put his hands on the window bottom of the window and hoisted himself up, threw his legs over and, as quietly as he could, he climbed down. Castiel looked around and noticed the rather well kept cells around him were empty.
"Hello again Dean,
"Well, I figured the guards might think ye 'ad someone with ye to get in to the prison. I needed to get all suspicion that ye 'ad 'elp off o' ye so I acted like I'd trick'd ye. I didn't expect ye t' lose yer mind, but ye provided a much needed distraction so I could 'elp yer brother." Castiel explained.
"What up?" The mullet wearing man flew into the room, gripping the doorframe with his left hand and leaning in to look at Dean.
The worst part in Dean's mind, was the thought of having to tell Sammy. He was going to have to look Sammy in the face and explain how badly he fucked up Cass. Sammy was never going to look at him the same, and Dean hated that thought more than anything.
And as they arrived to work, everyone else in the garage knew that Dean was not in a good mood.
"Okay." Dean replied softly, like a child who was caught teasing another kid and was forced to apologize. However, he actually meant it. He only hoped that Cass would listen.
"Either would be fine with me. I don't want to kill you Castiel, but I will if it comes down to it."
"Thank ye."
Now that he knew, Dean was drowning in the guilt he felt for treating Cass the way he did. He was now faced with the all of the shit that Cass went through because of him. And god damn it, Cass was an angel for dealing with it for so long.
"Father." Castiel said, waiting for his father's response.
Fuck you,
"Don't make me regret this." Dean said to himself and his empty office.
Deanna scowls. “Fuck off, old man.”
Sixteen hours of driving later, including a few with Castiel behind the wheel with a reluctant and disgruntled Deanna napping in the passenger seat, they arrive in Easter. Bobby had already called and said there was another body waiting for them, so the pair enter the morgue.
The room is quiet except for the unhinged cackling emitting from Dick, whose face is twisted into a moue so unpleasant that it sends Dean's own pulse through the roof, before—
, you the fuck were
“There will only be minimal physical damage.”
Deanna guiltily shifts her weight from her left foot to her right before settling. “Well? Do you have it back now? You own your soul again, right?”
Cas nods. “I concur.” He makes his way over to the cupboard and pulls out a bowl, setting it on the rickety excuse for a table, before lifting up Deanna’s bag of weapons up onto the surface as well.
The coffee has finished, and Deanna rises to fix them all a cup.
“Jack restores the world to the way it was before Chuck wiped out humanity. He has so much power…” Dean trails off. Doesn’t mention the fact he didn’t dare ask Jack to bring Cas back, still too shell-shocked and grief-stricken to think about it. “Anyway, the kid gave us a nice speech about how he’d be hands off, let people decide things for themselves. Says he was raised right, by you, Sam, me, and Kelly. You’d’ve been damn proud, Cas.” Finally, one faint squeeze. “You okay, buddy?” One squeeze. “Okay.”
He doesn't have time to point fingers, Dean knows, and frankly he doesn't care to. Bobby must read something in his face, since he says, “These last months haven't been exactly easy, you know, for him or me. We had to bury you.”
“Dean, you can’t seriously—”
That’s Castiel’s first impression of his sister as he invisibly observes her go about her day, traipsing across campus with a furrow in her brow. He wonder how much she’s hearing from the angels.
“So, where is it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, why?” she asks, thrown.
The car is quiet, now; no Sam bitching about her choice in music, or beginning another trip to Crazy Town with a
Until Cas.
Anna Milton looks stressed.
“Good,” Dean replies.
But Dean watches with a distant kind of horror as Dick removes the black goo-covered bone from his chest and
“Yes, I'm afraid so. But we’ve stumbled onto one of them. We must find the weapon that did this.”
Rufus laughs at him. “Keep dreamin’, brother.”
“But you can't just walk in here!”
Castiel walks around the desk and checks the unmoving figure for a pulse, or, knowing him, some sign of his soul still inhabiting his body or something equally weird. “Dead,” he states, then tilts his head. “Do you hear that?”
“The lance appears to draw upon the… essence, let’s say, of whomever it belongs to for power. And that’s where it exists until the owner calls upon it.”
Dean’s laugh at the question has a hysterical edge, and he shoots back, “How do I
Castiel flicks the lighter shut with one finger. “Deanna. A deal’s a deal.”
Castiel nods once, then disappears in a rustle of feathers.
“Yeah. They're all getting theirs.”
In that moment, Dean abruptly realizes the person sitting across from him probably knows him better than anyone alive. Cas probably knows about the times Dean had to make do with scraps, probably knows about how Mary would hum along to the radio as she cooked dinner, probably knows about the loaves of bread Dean would hide under his jacket to bring home to Sam when they were short on money.
“Who was that?” she asks.
Another deep breath. Dean comforts himself with a) the fact that Cas was the one who opened up this particular can of worms and b) his hand is being held in a tight grip, secure in the knowledge Cas would never let go.
Deanna freezes, her feet stuttering to a stop. She looks at Bobby, then Cas, before rushing to the front door, yanking it open with her heart caught in her throat, to see—
“What could you possibly be worried about, Cas?” Deanna’s mouth ticks up in a sarcastic smile. “It’s not like we’ve only got a snowball’s chance of finding Michael’s stick, let alone knowing if it’ll kill Raphael until we’re already engaged with him and his mooks.”
directed at her. “I don’t s’pose you noticed anything the two paintings had in common, did ya?”
She turns to look at Bobby, who has an eyebrow raised. She smirks slightly, then says, “Ready?”
The other hunter just shakes his head in dissent or exasperation or both, and they walk towards where the rest of the group is milling about.
Again.
“I believe we should attempt to bring Anna into the fold.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Angel blades won’t work on a Prince of Hell, Deanna,” Castiel reminds her.
Deanna sighs, opening her mouth to tell him to pipe down, but Castiel beats her: “I needed to speak with Deanna. May we use your panic room?”
“There is no other way.”
Deanna might mumble
“He was dead set on it.”
Movement out of the corner of her eye has her twisting, instinctively pointing the gun at the form of—
like someone just flipped an hourglass.
Gabriel’s eyes zero in on her. “Yep! And let me tell you, I am definitely getting the short end of this stick, kiddo.”
“Remember what you asked me to do, before you said yes to Lucifer?”
“MacLeod's Scottish, Einstein,” Bobby derides.
It’s the fucking Colt. Three bullets rest in the box alongside it, and—she checks the cylinder—six bullets in the barrel. She looks at it for a moment, then a yell from above has her rushing upstairs, hastily flicking on the safety of her other gun, stowing it in the waistband of her jeans. She rounds the corner she’d been hiding behind before and sees the tableau: three bloody and battered angels, one slightly less battered Prince of Hell advancing on Castiel, who lies deathly still on the wood floor.
deal, boy? Did you or did you not make a deal to get Dean back from Hell?”
—they talk over each other, babbling, then abruptly quiet down, still holding each other’s gaze, blue eyes on green. Deanna presses her forehead to Cas’, puffing a breath containing a slightly giddy laugh against his face.
“Hey.”
“In my car?” Dean needles.
“You, uh. Remember anything?” Deanna tentatively asks. To her relief, Sam just shakes his head.
Then—wait. Are those voices?
“Well, painfully for him. The reading will be excruciating.”
“This is still a bad idea,” Bobby informs him, making his way over to Dean.
Castiel enters quietly, and the door
have us as research assistants?”
Deanna knocks on the door of one Ed Colfax, then steps back. “Be cool,” she hisses to her angelic partner, hoping Castiel has acquired more tact since the last time they did this. “Follow my lead.”
“I was in the neighborhood,” is the breezy reply, as Gabriel swipes the glass out of Cas’ hands and takes a long drink. He makes a face, and hands it back to the angel.
through the flames once more.
“Okay, okay,” the crossroads demon whimpers. Bobby take the flame off the tub, and the demon gasps out, “MacLeod. Fergus MacLeod. I swear. We call him Lucky the Leprechaun behind his back.”
“Are you seriously suggesting that Dean goes to the Empty to get Cas back?” Sam sounds three parts incredulous, one part admiring.
When things start getting more heated, Cas’ hips jerking slightly against hers, a warm coil of pleasure settling in at the base of her spine and low in her belly, she thinks and then immediately discards the thought of moving this to the backseat of the Impala. She wants this night under the stars, just the two of them, no chance of the ghost of another angel interrupting this.
“Yes, but—”
“Why did you bring Rufus into this and not me?” Deanna grouses, watching as Bobby dials the other hunter. Bobby shrugs.
—Abraham Verghese,
Bobby snorts. “Can’t imagine why. You gank it?”
“Okay, Aaron Birch, where did you get this?”
The mind boggles.
Deanna scoffs. “‘Not sure’? Don’t you bastards have all of history up in your heads?”
Dean forgot how damn long it took for Cas to show up. He and Bobby are sitting on the tables, and Dean, for one, is tired of waiting.
“Right,” Bobby says. “Talk.”
Again: fuck.
“He must have escaped at some point. It’s possible he summoned one of his followers, or that when Lucifer and Michael entered the cage he was freed,” Castiel replies.
you sitting out here with me?”
“I’m coming with you,” she says.
“You’ll be great at it, man,” Deanna assures him around the lump slowly building in her throat.
“You’re the one who told me to go for it, you don’t get to make fun of me!”
There are so few who would be willing to help them amongst the angels; Balthazar, perhaps, but Castiel is unsure of how loyal his friend would be in this matter, especially before the book has been torn up. No, Balthazar would rather side with the likely winners in this war, and Castiel recognizes that the Winchesters and Bobby Singer wouldn’t look much like winners to those not especially familiar with them. He discards Gabriel for the same reason, knowing the archangel hadn’t intervened until the very last minute the first go around. However, Castiel doesn’t entirely dismiss the idea: Gabriel was willing to help in the eleventh hour, so it wouldn’t be entirely out of the realm of possibility.
“Sam… wouldn't have it. Said you'd need a body when he got you back home somehow. That's about all he said.” Bobby pauses here, before admitting, “He was quiet. Real quiet. And then he just took off. Wouldn't return my calls. I tried to find him, but he didn't want to be found.”
The two of them sit in silence for a while, staring at the coffeemaker. Deanna hears movement from the basement, footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Name it,” Dean says, and Cas turns to him, horrified.
They're in the kitchen now—again—and Bobby quietly says, “Dean?”
Cas had said.
“Fair,” he agrees. “Fulfilling one of two dying wishes isn’t bad. Good effort, Dee.”
The angel scoffs. “Am I?”
Dean avoids looking anywhere in the vicinity of either of their faces as he says, “I—fine. So I do it. I go into the Empty, and what? We get to just walk out? Because of the power of l—uh. Because of our profoun—hm. Because?” Dean settles on. He looks up just in time to catch an absolutely epic eye roll from Sam which he ignores. It sucks being the (metaphorically) bigger person.
“—thought things would quiet down with you here for good, but it seems like you have a unique ability to disrupt the order.”
Castiel stares at Dean, knowing he could not have misheard him but doubting his vessel's ears regardless. “Dean,” he begins, “I betrayed you—betrayed Sam, betrayed Bobby, betrayed the entire Host of Heaven—and you ask why I deserve to be punished?”
Deanna feels her face soften, until she’s smiling again. “Yeah. I’m counting on it.”
Also mentioned is St. Michael Vanquishing Satan by, ironically enough, Raphael the artist.
“No!”
“Where's what?” he asks, playing along, playing dumb. He has a feeling he's gonna have to get used to that.
“Really?” she asks. “Somehow I find that hard to believe.”
At first, Castiel was so celestial, so untouchable, that such a thing as a sandwich crust wouldn’t have occurred to him to wonder about. What’s a bit of bread to a warrior of Heaven, after all?
Deanna had privately thought, but it was ultimately his choice, and he knew his brother better, didn’t he? She narrows her eyes and opens her mouth, about to attempt another approach, one that would probably lead to those extra crispy wings she’d been talking up before, but—
And then the phone call ends with a crashing noise. Deanna stands, stretching.
had she been tense. She nods her thanks at the angel, who then says, “It’s impossible to know. As soon as he can, but precisely when that will be, I’m unsure.”
Jack, damn him, doesn’t even look ruffled. “You two know what the Empty is, right?”
Balthazar and Rachel and the rest of Cas’ band of merry misfits take off shortly after with Raphael’s forces, leaving the hunters and the lone angel.
he can't help but wonder.
“Why does God want you all dead?” Deanna questions.
“I’ll always make fun of you, Dee.”
“Hey, Balthy,” the archangel chirps in reply. “Long time no see. No time to chat, though, I’m afraid.”
and every terrible thing that comes after: Raphael, the civil war in Heaven, Cas' betrayal, the Leviathan—
Jack nods in approval. “Good. I’ll open up the portal to the Empty. The rest is up to you, Dean.” A flicker of grief passes over his young face. “Bring him home. Please.”
“Yeah, you think I don’t know that, Cas?” Dean snaps. “That’s fucking priority number one, okay? Detach Sam from Ruby and her schemes and we might have a shot at preventing Lucifer from getting sprung.”
The crossroads demon screams as Bobby drops his lighter on the items in the tub. The two humans watch as the demon goes up in flames, leaving a charred skeleton that crumbles to ash.
a girl. At least it’s only for Cas. At least he’s worth it.
Deanna rolls her eyes, then looks at Cas. He’s gazing back at her, face gentle, and she nods at him. He turns to Balthazar.
They stare at each other for a minute, before finally the archangel says, “I bet you’ve got tons of questions, so let me try to answer them before you start with the third degree: no, Lucifer didn’t kill me. I escaped the same way I escape all of my assassination attempts: by playing a Trickster. The lance is currently residing in your soul, but you can pull it out,” he pauses to smirk at his wording, “from the base of your neck, just like Ramiel. I even gave you a tattoo there so you’d remember. Nifty, huh? What else?” Gabriel taps his chin. “Oh! Cas here and my other baby sibs will be just fine; Castiel and Rachel just need some zees, then they’ll be good to go.” The angel pauses. “I think that about covers it, so—”
“Fuck?” Deanna helpfully supplies. Sam makes one of his bitch faces, but nods.
) but he just doesn’t feel that yawning maw of consuming rage anymore. Mostly, he just feels numb.
He’s not precisely sure how long he walks, but it’s long enough that he’s starting to lose hope of ever finding Cas. The amulet shines steadily brighter as he goes, but the weight of all that’s happened since Chuck showed his true colors is beginning to overwhelm Dean.
him. Sam punched God! How insane our lives are, man.” Dean shakes his head in disbelief.
“What, like—like a shirt tag at camp?
“So,” Deanna says, gesturing for Castiel to take a look at victim number one, “That’s Hatch, and this is Toby Gray. Just brought in.” She uncovers victim number two, and grimaces. “Also a cop, apparently had an ‘extreme allergic reaction’ sitting at a speed trap earlier today. Boils aren’t just on the outside, according to the report; they’re inside, too. It says his airways are chock full of them.” She meets Castiel’s eyes over the dead bodies—or rather, the lumpy body and the bloody lump. “This startin’ to look a little witchy to you?”
“Well, you oughtta. I know we preach about free will ‘round here, but your friends still have a long way to go. They don’t all have a Deanna to teach ‘em the ropes.”
Whatever Rufus says causes Bobby to scrabble for a pencil on the cluttered desk. He scribbles down what the other hunter says, then responds with, “Great. I don't know what that's gonna get me.”
“Yes, Balthazar?”
He nods.
“What in the hell?” The older hunter exclaims as he approaches Dean.
This memory is so imprinted in his brain that Dean doesn't even have to review what he's supposed to say. “Who are you?
Bobby doesn’t even acknowledge her dig at the odd hunter.
“Yes, Deanna?”
statement, he might be correct in thinking that. “He’s off recruiting other angels to our cause,” she finally says, and takes another swig of beer.
Deanna stares him down. “First you're taking your marker off of Aaron Birch's soul!”
He pulls into the first vaguely diner-like place they come across, glad for the reprieve from family interviews about recent disappearances and the chance for some real food. It'll be the first diner food Dean's had in a while, the rabbit food Sam picked out and strange sandwiches Cas provided the last fresh grub he's eaten. They'd left Bobby digging through police records, so it's just Sam and Dean entering the joint. The two of them settle at a table, and Dean flips through the menu, satisfied when he finds both burgers and pie.
Jack holds up a hand and the two brothers fall silent. Dean, for one, is reeling.
and Deanna breaks away, panting. She and Cas look at each other, wide-eyed, before—
Deanna doesn’t know what she expected; the angel looks the same as always, messy hair and crooked tie and overly large trench coat, except—
“What the hell is a Prince of... Hell?” Deanna interjects.
of his car horn.
Bobby seems to have the same thought, as he stands up and walks towards them from behind the book-covered desk. “Mind if I join you?”
She looks at the angel. “What?”
Raphael drones on at the renegade angels, telling them he’ll welcome them back into the Heavenly Host personally if they abandon their cause. None of them budge. Raphael then turns to Deanna and Cas, and sneers, telling them that they were
, Cas getting vaporized and Bobby’s neck snapping, the brutal beating the thing that looked like her brother had given her,
“What? No. No! He's my brother.”
how much your little God reasons, begs, pleads: this is it, gentlemen. Your final chance.”
“No. I don't.”
Bobby has already gotten his sawed off loaded and in front of him by the time Deanna turns to see Balthazar, looking around Bobby’s home with detached distaste. Deanna gestures for Bobby to stand down, and introduces him to the angel with a quick, “Bobby, don’t shoot him. He’s here to help. This is Balthazar. Bobby, Balthazar. Balthazar, meet Bobby Singer.”
from either of them, or (worse) the
Apropos of nothing, Castiel says, “Did I ever tell you the story of the chaos my brothers caused when they were stationed in Russia, in 1908?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Ed replies, still scratching the photograph.
“Yeah. I’ve gone international. Very exciting. In fact, I’m in your neck of the woods!” She pauses, and can’t resist asking, “Did you really used to wear a skirt?”
“Wings.”
She laughs sharply, harshly, the sound loud in the otherwise silent house. “Yeah, Cas, I’m just grand. My brother died—no, worse than that—a week ago, but I’m absolutely fine, thanks very much for asking,” she says, the words dripping with sarcastic vitriol.
what we were talking about, kid, you—you were just telling me you couldn’t get him back!”
“Yeah, but... I can just pick them off. You didn’t have to make a—a fuss, or anything.”
cream pies, so Dean would be thrilled, I'm sure. Dean got a bacon cheeseburger, Sam got the Greek salad, and I got far too invested both finding a plausible place in Pontiac for them to eat and about the food they ordered.
Deanna flicks open her lighter, and drops it onto the grass where they’d poured a wide circle of holy oil before. The ring of fire surrounds Raphael—and her.
“Did he have any enemies that you know of?” she continues.
A fluttering of wings, before, “It’s called the Lance of Michael, and the Host has no bloody clue where it is. You think I would’ve passed up on the chance to steal that?”
He flicks through his recollection of the first time around, trying to stop seals from breaking while dealing with a much less agreeable Dean Winchester, all the while fighting against the evil forces within Heaven. Castiel contemplates this, searching for any potential allies amongst so many enemies.
Bobby must’ve sent word out to all the hunters in his network, since one by one they arrive. Most Deanna knows only in passing and she greets them briefly. Others, she’s more familiar with; Rufus gives her a wave that she returns, and Garth smiles widely at her before squeezing Deanna in his customary hug that she reluctantly endures. In total, about a dozen hunters are milling about Singer Salvage Yard, plus Bobby and her.
she thinks to herself. Cas strides back to them, standing beside Deanna, his angel blade slipping into his hand, and they wait.
“How was Easter?” he asks, heading towards his desk, which somehow accumulated more books since the last time she was there.
“I—I don't,” Bobby replies, backing up, and Dean catches him going for the knife, and says, “Yeah, me neither.” He steps into the house, tensing in anticipation, before continuing, “But here I am.”
—and eats it.
The archangel laughs. “Yeah, you got me. However, occasionally our goals intersect,” he says. “But I’ve gotta go, now. Good luck with Raphael, you’re gonna need it,” he pauses. “All right, your Gabrielus ex machina has officially expired. Catch you later, kiddo.” Gabriel disappears with a rustle of feathers, and Deanna is left with an unconscious angel in her room.
As soon as their voices had disappeared into the distance, the pair rushed to the elder Winchester's cell. Castiel, having not spent quite a few hours stuck slumped on the floor of a dungeon, was quicker and reached the captain first. He grabbed onto the lock to pick it when he was grabbed by the throat by the pirate in the prison cell.
"Even if he's awake he should rest. Don't you remember what Eileen said?" Sam attempted to reason with his brother as he grabbed his arm, preventing him from walking into the room.  "He had too much stress placed on him at once. You need to let him rest before you interrogate him."
He left quickly and drove home 2 times as fast as he should have. Somehow without getting caught.
"It will be lit'le dang'rous." Castiel smiked sheepishly. "Yer goin' t' get yerself caught."
By this point Castiel had managed to sit up in his bed and prop himself up against the wall. His head still felt like it was going to explode but he also felt he needed to talk to the Winchester.
"Why?" Asked the captain, failing to mask the anger and sadness in his voice.
"Ye 'aven't seen anyone 'round 'ere 'ave ye?" Another soldier said.
"I can imagine. I just wanted to talk to you for a second." Sam said and closed the door behind him.
Gadreel nodded and ran off to rejoin his squad. Once Castiel was sure Gadreel was gone, he ran back to the wood shed to release the hidden pirate.
Anyway, Dean. You suck and I hate you. No, that's a lie. Mostly. You do suck, but I could never hate you as long as I still love you. Hence these letters. Immediately after you called us quits I got mental help because I knew I'd need it. Losing you was something I never wanted or expected... I thought we were forever, Dean Winchester. Clearly I was wrong. Why? That's all I want to know, and I can't even ask you that because you're not here. Was I not good enough? Was I too pushy about the whole emotions thing? Did you actually love me?
I love you.
"You should not have put your trust in some random man you just happened to meet on the street." Castiel said.
The three now fugitives weaved through the frantically searching guards and unlit streets until they reached the port. Their minds all focused on the same thing. Survival. The captain led them aboard the Free Will and gave orders to his brother to release the sails.
He remembered bits and pieces of nights where Cass sat worrying about Dean, and whether or not Dean's liver would last him his whole life. He remembered Cass telling him he needs to take care of his alcoholism before it took him like it took John.
"A few, actually. Me first is 'ow come ye keep changin' the way ye speak?"
"And yer sure that it'll work?"
After all of the bullshit you put me through I still love you! And I don't know why because you're an arrogant, egotistical asshole.
"So what are we doin now?" Castiel asked.
"Yes?" Castiel called and sat back up as the door opened to reveal a curious looking Sam.
"Thank ye, Novak." Gadreel said. "C'mon men, they can't 'ave gone far!"
"I'm heading out for the day. You're in charge until Ellen shows up." Dean said and stood up from his desk chair. He grabbed his coat and gave Ash a stern look. "Don't fuck anything up."
"Yer awake."
"Dean, you need to eat a vegetable more than once a week."
"Dean."
"My ex-boyfriend sent me a letter a while back telling me that he's trying to get over me but even after 3 years he can't and called me an asshole so now I've had to come to terms with the fact that I fucked up his life because I was too much of a fucking prick to see that I treated him like shit. So excuse the fuck out of me for acting a little different after finding out that the one person I love more than Sammy is still in love with me but hates my fucking guts." Dean ranted, accidentally admitting to both him and Ash just how much Cass still meant to him.
Was it confusion that Dean had found himself completely taken over by? Was it confusion that had caused him to start losing sleep at night? Was it confusion that caused him to lose focus constantly? Was he wrecked by confusion?
"Aye, that be true. I can only 'ope they're willin' to share with me." Castiel smiled.
"Dean, when talkin' in closed quar'ers ye may call me Dean." The captain said. "it be me name."
"Ye fainted."
He was about to lose consciousness when the younger Winchester had finally reached his brother's prison cell to explain to his brother that Castiel was indeed helping. Castiel gathered his breath once again and began picking the lock on the cell once again as the captain apologized. Once the prison cell was open, the brothers were overjoyed and began to have a touching reunion.
Sam practically threw himself into the car and then actually threw his duffel bag into the backseat. and after making sure everything was situated, they began driving. The drive home consisted of Sam figuratively poking at Dean's 'macho man façade' and Dean brushing Sam off with a half-baked lie of 'getting something in his eye'. Which they both knew was bullshit but left alone.
"Dear Dean Winchester,
"They'll 'ave t' answer t' me about wishin' t' change rooms." Dean smiled.
"Aye, it's me Ezekiel." Castiel said. "I led this pirate here under the false promise of helping rescue his brother."
Castiel Novak."
Dean realized right then and there that he fucked up, and now he felt even guiltier.
"I suppose I should thank ye fer savin' me and Sammy. Ye di'n't have t' 'elp 2 strange pirates that ye'd just met."
My therapist says I need to let go of you. I told her I didn't know how. She suggested writing about you and I and about some of the things we did and stupid shit like that. Something about clearing my memories of you. So I wrote you a letter. I don't want you to read it, I just feel like talking to you instead of the paper.
"That will be completely fine. I'll leave ye be."
He should have thought again, though.
But the only thing he could think of was Cass' next letter that would be coming in the mail today. This excited him until he remembered that he had to go to work.
"What about him? You've been separated for 3 years, why the sudden phone call about him?"
"Yer tellin' me. Us siblin's can't stand each other and the only one that can stand our mother is Father, or Raphael but 'e's dead." "Castiel exasperated.
(See the end of the chapter for
He slumped through the front door and got into the Impala. Dean started her with ease and put his head on the steering wheel. This whole Cass thing was really messing with him. Dean took a sharp breath in through his nose, put Baby in gear and peeled out of his parking space. Not even 2 minutes afterward he decided to call Sam and let him know about the mess he found himself in.
"Michael, Lucifer." Their father spoke while chewing on his strip of meat. "How well are the frontlines?"
Dean sat with his head on his desk when Ellen walked in slowly. She knocked lightly on his open door.
"I ne'er thought I would e'er be joining a pirate crew t' be completely 'onest, but I think it'll be great. I already travel constantly."
He practically sprinted back into the living room to the small table next to the door. He hunted down the specific letter he wanted a tore it open as quickly and carefully as he possibly could. He noticed the single older page and the 3 newer one's. Dean's letter had very obviously caused some sort of reaction from Cass.
"What the fuck did you do to him, Dean?" Sam demanded knowing, and Dean explained.
Sincerely,
He leaned out of it to give the pirate outside the signal to get himself caught.  Castiel then slipped into the shadow of one of the cells closest to the door. He waited silently as he heard the commotion of the Winchester outside getting himself caught. He listened for the guards coming and capturing the pirate when he thought to himself.
"Do ye want to save yer brother?"
The pirate walked into the room and sighed. He hesitantly wandered over to Castiel's bed but stopped a few feet away when he saw Castiel sitting in his bed.
"Any other questions you have?"
And with that, Castiel stood up and he began to leave. He'd had enough of his mother's torment. He took his uneaten food and set it back in the kitchen and bid farewell to his father, brothers and sisters. He opened the front door but before he could leave, his youngest sister Anna pointed out that he had forgotten to say goodbye to their mother.
"Ye'll 'ave to join me crew." The pirate smiled. "So I can make sure ye don' get yerself kill'd."
"Then why is my brother promising to kill you?" He seethed quietly.
The pirate turned away from the bars of his cell and stood seemingly calm. Castiel looked at the guards and said farewell, told the guards not to mention anything that just happened to anyone, and left. As Castiel left, the pirate began to beat on the bars. Screaming curses at Castiel, the pirate promised to kill Castiel for his betrayal.
"Well first things first, what are ye good at? Ye'll need t' be able to pull your own weight with yer chores." Dean asked and stood up from Castiel's bed. "Can ye cook or anythin'?"
As soon as Sam was gone Dean was immediately back to worrying about the letter he sent Cass and the response he would get. The rest of Dean's day was spent pacing the entire house and being unable to focus on anything other than Cass.
"Hello Castiel." She rasped. "Have you finally settled down with a wife yet?"
"Sorry about them, ye're welcome to get rid o' them yerself." Dean smiled right back at Castiel. "They were 'ere first  though. Technically the room was theirs first."
At least, he relived the parts he could remember.
"You would have either killed me or taken me prisoner if I didn't help you." Castiel spoke. "I had to gain your trust and get rid of you."
"Okay, take me there." The pirate demanded. "Now."
~Castiel"
"You got it, Boss-man." Ash nodded and left just as quickly as he arrived.
Castiel and Captain Winchester of the Free Will find themselves breaking into the prison to rescue the Captain's younger brother.
"It's Cass."
"Wait a minute, you're gay?" Ash asked, bewildered.
Not even 15 minutes had passed when the 1st customer came in for an oil change on their 1995 Cadillac Fleetwood. An easy fix that Dean had let Jo and Ellen take care of.
"'ow 'bout I help ye find yer brother instead?" Castiel said.
"Find Sam at all costs!" Castiel heard a voice yell as the pirates stormed on land. "whoev'r finds 'im doesn't get a dagger in the chest!"
He was fine. He was used to being alone.
"Yer twins, ain't that always 'appenin' to ye?" Castiel said and sauntered over to Gadreel.
"Sammy, if ye don't let me arm go right now, I will 'ave you toss'd in the brig fer mutiny. Do ye und'rstan'?" The elder Winchester fumed.
Castiel awoke in a pitch black room that seemed to sway gently. He opened his eyes slowly and analyzed the room he was in, it was made of wood and had a curve in the wall. He turned his head slightly and noticed multiple beds all around him. He realized that he was in the infirmary of the Free Will quickly and sighed.  He began to sit up but had to stop and lay back town after being prevented by his head hurting so bad he nearly passed out.  He pulled the thin blanket back over him and closed his eyes to fall back to sleep when he heard talking between the Winchester brothers.
"We'll never get there in time at this rate." He complained.
"Who are you? What do you want from me?" The Winchester just as quietly.
"Yer welcome."
"I cannot say the some for the South, the blasphemers, heretics and rebels are now joined in resistance by pirates." Lucifer smiled slightly, talking about heresy and rebellion with his father excited him.
"Wha'dya mean, Ellen?" The voice from earlier asked and swayed over to Castiel and the other pirate.  "Well well, yer right. Who are ye?"
The scent of salty water filled Castiel's nostrils as he entered the large city of Illiac. Home to one of the largest amounts of people in one place. To carpenters, and fishermen, royal guards and sailors, as well as many others. Castiel was neither of those. He could not be bothered to settle in one place. He floated along like the salty mists of the sea. He had once called Illiac his home until he set out to travel as far and to everywhere he could.
Dean exited the room and Castiel was alone. He sat down abruptly on the edge of the cot and sighed. He placed his head in his head that he propped onto his knees. He had gone abruptly from a traveler who scraped by to a fugitive pirate on the ship belonging to the leaders of the resistance against the king. He needed quite some time to adjust. He had just gotten comfortable on the cot and closed is eyes when he heard a knock on his door.
John walked into sickbay and found the place buzzing with activity. Doctor Crusher was working on an unconscious blonde woman he didn’t recognise, while the Captain and Worf stood close by sharing worried looks. Beverly looked up and saw him loitering. “Doctor Watson, I need your assistance!” he ran over catching the medical tricorder she tossed to him.
Sam was pouring over his laptop, he looked up as they entered. “I think I know where in Denver they are, roughly any way.”
“Low blow Dean. I got stuff to do, just go and talk to Cas.” Sam stood up, Dean could tell that he had hurt his brother, from the way he slammed his precious books into a pile.
“you don’t understand” he growled, “If we don’t save her, she is dead anyway”
“no, you may be able to save her, but the price is going to be high” Chuck shook his head, “you are going to have to choose Cas and I don’t envy you that”
“Then we had better find one.”
“At least let me try”
“If I can catch a flight, I’ll be home in time for new years.”
“Ah hello, Dean.”
“That’s not what I asked, choir boy”
“No, they were meant to be guardians, you sound like your mother”
“A mystery indeed, do you have a hypothesis?”
“Shut up Sam”
“Spit it out blue eyes” she was laughing now, eyes sparkling. Cas felt his cheeks grow hot, he stared at his feet reluctant to answer.
“Aye, that’d be brilliant took a bit of a knock to the head.”
“Not this side of the end of time, so tell me what was he wearing?”
“I think maybe you need your meds”
“No blood, and this is Cas’ blade.” Dean placed it on the bedside table, “No sign of a struggle and that” he pointed to the pair on the bed “is weird.”
“No Sammie, I am pretty far from alright. Why the hell couldn’t she have been a witch or a siren or some other non-complicated problem. Instead of-”
“Mugshots?”
“Oh right, well I’m The Doctor.”
“Sleeping.” She tapped her fingers on the counter, “well..Mom, tell me about my Grand-Daddy”
“Come on lets gear up”
“you remember? I only possessed you for a few seconds you shouldn’t be able too” Cas shook his head.
“John, you are my oldest friend. I’ve known you since medical school. If your instincts are telling you something is wrong, then we should check.”
“Okay buddy I think you need to sit down”
“It’s okay, don’t fuss yourself about it.” She walked to her car “Looks like my girl is okay” she patted the roof.
“I have a meeting in engineering at 0800 hours, I will be free from 1100.”
“Nothing”
“A bonnie lass, with a blessed birthday, sharing it as she does with our lord, luckily for you.” Cas was confused, it must have shown on his face because Fiona smiled at him as indulgently as a child.
“Is this a real place?” Cas gestured to the world around them. Chuck nodded vigorously managing to drip yogurt down his green hoody, he scrubbed at it ineffectually for a second before giving up and looking Cas in the eye.
“Nothing” he lied, wanting to keep this little bit of heaven a while longer.
“Calm down?” she repeated derisively, “You are telling me to calm down? I’m dying!” She took a breath.
“Asasa-”
“I don’t think Chris will give up her grace willingly, obviously I’ll give her the choice. This is the only way to save her.” There he had said it, he risked a look at Dean, who sighed and sat back in his chair.
“It’s not, not really. I don’t deserve you.”
“Tell me why? I could have killed you years ago or locked you away like I did your brother. But I let you be”
“Can’t do that kiddo, I leave you here, you explode and burn half the world.” His hands were resting on her shoulders restraining her. “And I am rather fond of this sad little trash fire of a planet.” He turned her round, the sympathy in his eyes hurt her, she wanted to look away. No, she wanted to run away.
“This woman is a witch, Chris.”
“What about Angel radio?” Dean glanced at Cas and at Jack who was tucking into his cereal with gusto, it was a mark of how concerned they were that noone commentated on Jack eating fruit loops for lunch.
“The warding failed on their house and they were murdered, I wasn’t there.” She scrubbed her eyes, “sorry, its been years. You would think I could talk about it without crying.”
“You can’t use your power”  Gabriel said softly, a ripple of his grace healed her arms, “The more you use it, the sooner you will lose control.” he let go of her wrists, “No offence, but I don’t want to be sharing a planet with you when that happens.” He lifted his hand, Chris realised he was going to fly away.
“You’re beautiful”
“That really doesn’t sound like Cas. He has been through the mill, what are we dealing with here? Some kind of angel PTSD?”
“Lets get some coffee into you” Dean said patting him on the shoulder.
“I’m tired Dean, feel like I’ve been in a fight.” she looked around her, a frown cresed her brow. “Why are we in a dungeon” Dean at least had the decency to look embarrassed.
“Ok, tell me something.”
“Maybe I did, but I can’t make you help me. I just hoped you would, I’ve got nobody Gabe.” she stepped away and watched the northern sun as it sat stubbornly on the horizon, neither rising or setting. “If you say no, I’ll go plant myself in front of Curiosity now, give Nasa a show.”
“I don’t think so Dean,” a bolt of lightening crackled from her fingers, hitting Dean square in the chest. Dean’s face contorted in agony under the barrage, Sam lunged at her and was thrown aside.
“Interesting, so it could kill you?”
“What was that, sounded like a groan.” They both listened for another few seconds, until realisation   hit. “Are they are having sex?” He looked at Sam, who’s mouth was hanging open.
“I don’t know if I can” her throat constricted, Gabe hugged her gently like she was made of glass.
Cas had dragged an armchair across the room so he could sit comfortably, but he was anything but comfortable. Chris continued to sleep like the dead. Her hand which he was holding lightly was cold, her skin had a bluish tinge which worried him. Once he almost prayed, what was the point of that? God was gone. He remembered that talking was supposed to help when someone was in a coma. “I’m sorry, I didn’t get to you sooner” he told her.  He lifted her hand and kissed the knuckles. “I’m not even sure what this thing is between us,” he slipped his blade from his pocket and flicked it absent-mindedly. “I suppose I should tell you, I’m in love with Dean. I’ve always been in love with him. Ever since I pulled him from the pit,” Cas stopped and took a breath to crush the ache in his chest. “But he doesn’t love me or maybe he’s scared of us. I don’t know.” He paused again weighing the angel blade in his hand. “Maybe some-things are just not meant to be, then you come along.” He glanced at Chris, a smile tugging at his lips, “and this feels like a second chance. I could love you, if you let me. Please wake up.”
Cas sat on the swing seat and stared up at the sky. The far horizon was lit by the distant glow of New Orleans but above him a multitude of stars glittered in the heavens. Dean grunted as he sat down next to Cas.
“jerk!”Sam ducked under the desk and came back up looking thoughtful. “Actually Dean, that gives me an idea.”
“Sister, I am sorry.”
“I came to see how how you are.”that was answered with a grunt. “are you drinking again?” Dean plumped himself down on the couch and picked up the empty bottle.
“Who is he.”
“But she’s not is she?. She has that freaky psychic thing.  She told me about it dinner. Maybe that’s why he was after her?”Sam watched his brother and the angel digest that information, he sometimes wondered if they were a little slow, or if they were so wrapped up in their own internal dramas that anything outside barely touched them. “So what does Asmodeus need a psychic for?”, the horrified look in Cas’ eyes froze Sam in to silence.
“Yeah I remember that, felt good,” Dean grinned, Sam was not laughing though. “Come on Sammie, he had it coming.”
“What! how?” Sam demanded.
“I love you too choirboy.”She said it softly with a smile and Cas’ thought for a moment his heart had stopped, he gaped at her. “Is something wrong?”
“Yeah, can’t imagine why.” it came out as a growl, Dean was unabashed.
“Cas, it’s going to be okay” Cas shook his head at that and smiled, a slow sad smile.
“Not just with a human and you know that, with all of them.” Her vessels heart was beating fast hammering against her ribs, she straightened up.
“I’m home now.”
“Dinner, tonight ten forward?” her fingers formed the signs slowly purposefully, she raised an eyebrow at him. Sam managed to nod, he rocked his fist backwards and forwards in the affirmative, not trusting himself to speak and knowing he had an idiotic grin on his face. Eileen straightened her back and resumed her sentry position, Sam did the same. Just in time, as the Captain and the Doctor walked into the shuttlebay with Geordi La Forge in tow.
“Why hello Grand-Daddy” Chris just about managed to hide her surprise at the Lord of hosts appearance, she wasn’t sure what she expected. It certainly wasn’t the hoodie wearing, slightly unkempt looking person in front of her.
“Cas what is she saying?” Dean felt panic starting to bubble up, a cold sweat broke out on his back-dread. Cas had pushed Sam to one side and taken his place, his hands hovered helplessly over her.
“wait, I’m sorry” Dean lurched around the table and blocked his exit.
“No Sam, I’m not alright.” he gestured towards Chris lying still and quiet, in her ring of fire. “Can we at least put out the flames now?”
“I’m sure  I could give you something-” it was out of his mouth before he could stop it, but Cas just smiled again and wagged a finger at him.
Dean turned his attention back to Cas, who became uncomfortably aware that his shirt was unbuttoned, his feet were bare and the swelling in his pants was still noticeable. Dean noticed, because of course he did, Cas looked away embarrassed as an amused grin slid across Deans face.
Five minutes later with a bleary eyed Sam in tow, Dean found Cas stood by the map table in the war room . The table it’s self was covered by a human form shrouded in a blanket.
The fire faded slowly, some one was holding her, fingers stroked her face and wiped away the tears.  Gabriel was kneeling on the cold hard stone next to her, an arm around her shoulders and compassion shining in those strangely light eyes. “I’m okay” she told him, he shook his head and half smiling, raised a doubtful eyebrow.
“Dude this is hardly the time.”
“I don’t know and I wouldn’t tell you if I did.” Ariela reached out and caressed her cheek. “Baby girl please, let me help you”
“Well in that case, it could be an object. Something special to him.” Cas sipped the whisky and let the beat of the music carry him away for a moment. “We will need to salt and burn what ever is tethering him here.”
“You know what, Doc? I don’t think I am” he could almost see Charlie still, no it wasn’t her. It was just the way the light fell.
“I couldn’t sleep John, brains racing.” he spun the chair round. John cradling Rosamund
“You know why, you know me.” He admitted, Chris stared at her feet.
“Yes, I did” he sounded proud of himself, “Now is Chris asleep?, because I need to talk to her.” the silence following that statement was deafening.
“better to have loved and lost, right?”
“Don’t you good morning me you feathered son of a bitch!”
“She is very sick.” Jack whispered, he trailed a finger across her fore head.
this chapter Cas pov, Bi!dean, BI!cas, torture,pining, angst, some fluff, pissed off bitch face sam, canon divergent, Bi!female bamf oc and some seriously sexy snogging.
“Here” he held out a tumbler of whiskey.
“What the hell just happened?” Sam asked.
“Yes” she felt him wipe away some blood from her new stitches and turned over. His face was only inches away, she stared into his eyes and felt it again-familiarity.
“I’m shutting the door,” there was a click and Dean realised Cas had shot the bolt. Dean got to his feet as Cas crossed the floor slowly, staring at his feet. Dean saw his fists clench, and the face Cas lifted to him was tense and drawn tight. “I nearly lost you today, Chris-” His tongue stumbled over the name, “she could have killed you, but I love her.” Dean opened his mouth to respond, but Cas silenced him with a shake of his head. “and I love you, so much.” Cas’ voice roughened, “why the hell do I have to choose?”
“Ah well I have heard about you, Bobby told me all about you.”Cas stiffened, suddenly aware he was unarmed. His angel blade was in the trunk of Chris’ car.
“You have two of your own don’t you?”
“Did I hurt you?” he asked anxiously, she looked up at him and smiled.
“It’s not really been that great for everyone”
“I get that, Dean. But we need to put this aside and do the job in front of us, just like always.”Dean gave Sam a hard stare.
“How are you doing?” he tried to sound upbeat, but even to himself, his voice rang falsely.
“No” A single word, like a tombstone clanging down. Chuck turned to watch the sun as it climbed back over the mountains. “Lovely sunrises here, one every twenty minutes.” Cas didn’t reply, the little spark of hope he had carried in his heart died.
“Its okay, you just had a nightmare,” Cas smiled at her sadly and dragged the blanket over her shoulders.
“Okay.”
“No.” Sam looked innocently at his brother and pressed send on his phone.
“I probably deserve that.” Dean lay back down with a groan.
“I know you think that, but you are my family too. I don’t want to lose you and I want to see my big sister again. Don’t make me be the one to tell her you are dead” the joking, mocking trickster was gone, someone else was behind Gabriel’s eyes. Someone immeasurably powerful and unfathomably sad. Gabe licked his lips and turned away. “Please don’t make me tell Ariela about another dead child.”
“That sounds like the voice of experience.”
“Then I suppose, there will be no way to save her. God, will take her off the board.” Dean heard the pain in Cas’ voice, his heart lurched.
“I’m sorry blue eyes, remember what I told you when we first met?”
“That’s not-”Sam started, but Dean waved at him to be quiet.
“This is a new look.” She gestured to his clothes, black leather bikers jacket, dark t-shirt, jeans and boots. He looked down at his feet to hide the very human blush crawling up his neck.
“He said that she was too powerful, too dangerous. Guys if we don’t find a way to trap her and extract her grace, God will kill her”
“Yeah, Jack was frantic, but he is asleep now. I’ll tell him you are okay when he wakes up,” Dean sighed loudly. “I missed you, sunshine. When do you think you will be home?”
“Dean that’s gross”
“You know that was dangerous right?”
“No, that’s fine. Me and Dean we’ve lost people too.” Sam shook his head, vowing he would have a swift and to the point conversation with his brother about being a jerk. “Did you get the thing that did it?”
“Don’t worry choir boy, I got it covered.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Where is that idiot Castiel.”
“I worry so much about him and now we have Rosy” his voice trailed off, Cas realised his friend was blinking back tears.
“What does it look like.” she flipped a book open and rifled through its pages, before shutting the cover with a frustrated snap.
“You were not.”
“Morning Sam, gosh darn it! wasn’t expecting you to be up. I was just going to leave you a voice mail.”
“Yeah right, Look I better go I don’t want to use all of Fiona’s battery power.”
“Nothing but the truth.”
“Because of what Naomi did to you.”
“Can you fix her?”
“Cas, you still in there?” Sam called softly, he knocked on  the door to Jacks room again, louder this time. “Cas!” he glanced at his brother, Dean raised an eyebrow.
“you know, it. Did you take her to heaven Cas?” Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face at his own bad joke.
“Thanks Obi-wan”
“Well uh, firstly he is tethered to something here, usually it’s their body.”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“Because I can stop it and I won’t let anyone stop me”
“Get out” his voice was barely above a whisper.
“I don’t want to intrude.”
After a couple of minutes on the road he asked “So New Orleans is home?”
“What do you want Sammy?” Dean interrupted before his brother could spontaneously combust.
“Dean, for once in your life shut up.”
“And you like this guy” John interrupted.
“No buddy, we will find her, Together. I know you feel like running off and doing some thing stupid, but I need you to focus right now.”
“Well, he seems happy, you still got a bad feeling about this?” Sam leaned over and turned Chris’ ipod up as the sound of Cas being very happy indeed filtered through the walls. Dean rolled his eyes.
“It’s not that”
Dean stopped short of the bed and listened to Cas talk to his comatose lover. This hurts, he admitted to himself. Dean couldn’t get a handle on his feelings, he knew he was angry, but angry at what? Chris for lying there dying in front of his eyes?, Cas for falling in love? Or himself ? For being an abject coward? And then there was the other sensation, wrapped around all that rage: pain. Seeing Cas helpless, watching someone he loved slip away and being unable to do anything about it. Dean knew that feeling, knew it intimately. Because he had watched his life go up in flames, felt his heart empty. He had got a second chance, but the fear of having to go through that ever again had stopped him. Watching Cas was go through the exact same thing, made him want to rip his heart out of his chest.  “Don’t leave me yet.” Cas whispered, Dean couldn’t stand it a moment longer, he took a step forward.
“You have more experience with combat stress than I do, I’m out of my depth and-”
“He just said ‘not now’ and dropped the phone.”
The front door was ajar, Chris strode in angrily. She found Dean and Sam in her kitchen, sat at the table, drinking her coffee. At least Sam was drinking coffee, Dean had helped himself to a beer and was sat with his feet on the table.
“No its okay, I’m fine honey, I’d rather start driving.” Chris laughed as they entered the garage “This place really is like the Bat cave isn’t it.”
“It’s alright Doctor Watson” the Doctor smiled at him sadly and gripped his shoulder. “He’s right though”
“What do you think.” Cas was surprised at his own anger, he got up slowly. He had neglected to repair his knee and it sent shooting pains up his leg. He welcomed the pain as a distraction.
Cas stood outside the large old fashioned clap-board house and wondered if he had the right address. It was out of the city near a small town called Tickfaw, he hadn’t seen another property for miles, the roads were bumpy and unmetalled with no street-lights. The house itself was well maintained, its paint fairly fresh and a traditional swing seat on the porch. Taking a deep breath he pulled the bell cord and waited for what seemed like a long time. The door opened with a click, Chris stood there; wearing jeans and a loose white shirt, she was also holding a shotgun pointed right at him.
“Yes, but I don’t see how that helps.”
“What am I going to do with you.”
Sam arrived back at the bunker close to midnight. Dean was still up sipping whiskey his feet up on the library table. “My Baby alright.” Sam threw the keys at him, Dean caught them and gave his brother a look.“What’s eating you.” Sam turned away, but he couldn’t leave it.
“Then he changed” Cas mustered a sad smile and squeezed her hand. “It happens. The dead are not supposed to stay here, it drives them mad.”
“In town after a ghoul that’s all, no threat to you.” Cas flicked the blade back up his sleeve.
Characters mentioned/present: lost track, most of them probably.
“Dean, No!”
“Visiting my children.” Cas said shortly, not really wanting conversation. The man smiled sympathetically.
“what’s got his panties twisted?” Cas heard Sam mutter as he walked away, the comment infuriated him. He paused and turned back for a moment.
John sat back and stretched his legs out in front of him, ignoring the old ache where his muscles knotted together in his leg
“Nothing, brother it wasn’t us” Cas took a step forward hands held out, “I swear Gabriel it wasn’t us”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“This would be your son Jack?”
“Castiel” it wasn’t even a whisper, no more than an exhaled breath. He dropped the blade and leaned over listening intently.. Almost he thought he had imagined it- “Cas, help me.”
“Dean, that’s not really appropriate” Cas could feel his face getting warm, he knew Dean was only teasing him, but it still made him uncomfortable.
“Don’t you dare, you are drunk, I don’t want to end up with an extra head.” Sam pushed the angel away and struggled to his feet. “You go to bed” he pointed at Dean, then turned on Cas “You as well go to sleep”
“Do Dean and Sam know?, about the pain?” It was Cas’ turn to look away .
“Yeah, I miss him” he glanced at Fiona. She was hunched over her drink radiating misery. “I think you miss somebody too.”
“Maybe not.” Dean looked at the girl. She was breathing evenly if shallowly, a faint line of sweat hung above her top lip. “She is very hot” he mused when the silence had gone on too long.
“I’m so sorry Dean, are you alright?”
“So what the hell is wrong with Cas?, because he is acting weird, even for him.” Sam for once not beating around the bush. Dean rubbed his face and leaned forward.
“Yes we did, but you Dean Winchester are the only crew member to actually punch the first officer.” Dean risked a glance at his tormentor, he wasn’t sure but the Doc sounded amused.
“Yeah I told him he was acting like a teenage girl, thought he was going to smite me on the spot.”
“It would be miniscule, I wasn’t inside her for long”
“What do you mean.”
“Is that my leather jacket?”
“That’s Aunty Asasa to you, boy. I’ll write the spell down for you, shouldn’t be more than a moment.”
“I’m sorry”
“That is my little sister could you put it back please.” Chris told him coldly.
“Cas can she actually hurt Chuck?” Sam asked, Cas couldn’t bear the sympathy in his eyes, he didn’t deserve it.
“He’s no ordinary demon seraph, how can you possibly face a prince of hell.” Asasa scoffed, cas took a lingering step forward.
“I’ll take care of you, don’t worry, you want me to tell Cas anything?”
“Aye lad, you are not wrong.” She paused and gestured to the barman, who filled up her glass with an indulgent smile. “But he is not gone is he?, I take it you saw him back at the house?”
“not many people knew, how did you?”
“NO, just help me walk.” I’m not some damsel in distress, she muttered in the privacy of her own mind. She ignored the traitorous thought that perhaps on this occasion she was in fact, practically dragon fodder. “my car is parked up the road, here” she dragged the keys out of her pocket and pressed them into the angels hand. “Its the black one” she muttered as her vision blurred and darkness rose up.
“you sure about that blue eyes?” she crushed her mouth desperately against his, the sudden need to banish the lingering darkness, to wipe out the last few days took her by surprise. She kissed him deeply, hungrily, pushing the damned trench coat off his shoulders. Cas was holding back though his muscles were tense and stiff under her questing fingers.“What’s wrong?”
“Chris, you were a babe in arms. He wanted to protect you.”
“Cas, hold up.” Dean caught hold of his friends shoulder, Cas looked back.
“I healed her, her heart-”
“That you do, who is this girl?”
Dean picked up the nearest book and threw it at his brother, “bitch.”
“Sammy going home may not be the best idea, Chris knows that’s where we live. I should call Jack tell him to get out of Dodge” Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and swore, the screen was cracked. Cas scooped his blade off the floor, flipped it and stowed it in his jacket.
“Right answer.”
“Good then you can watch them..because I can’t look at that. Its freaking me out”
“First time I ran away, first time I skedaddled away from my family and I’ve just kept on running. Time to grow up.  I won’t hurt Dad, I don’t want to lose anyone else I care about.” Gabe laughed sadly “he probably knows what we are doing anyway.”
“I am sorry Dean, I’ll try and calm down.”
“I don’t know, I’ll need you to send me a passport and money for a plane ticket. This place is pretty remote, kind of snowed in right now, we don’t even have power.”
“You sure he is here?” Chris muttered feeling uncomfortable and not knowing where to look, they were surrounded by gyrating strippers. Gabriel raised an eyebrow at her and threw another twenty dollar bill on to the stage, the blonde girl sliding up and down the pole gracefully retrieved it and winked at him.
“You don’t remember?” Sam’s face appeared above him.
“I’ve been better, Cas.”
“We are both on the same side here after all. Are we good?”
“Rowena?”
“Are you okay?” Castiel covered the distance between them in three quick strides, the door shut behind him. Gently he prised the bottle from Dean’s grasp placing it on the table.
“Lieutenant Winchester, you are in a lot of trouble, as I am sure your brother has pointed out. You have been indefinitely suspended pending psychological examination, by me.”
Once Sam was gone everything was too quiet, Dean wished he had asked him to stick around. The idea of being alone was suddenly unappealing, too many screams could hide in silence. He gripped the neck of the bottle with sweat slick fingers, as his heart began to pound. He needed to hit something, the only thing that worked, turning the fear into anger. Because the fear was turning the shadows of the room into other things, was that Charlie in the corner? Her face white, disfigured by the implants encrusting her skin. The doorbell pulled him out of it, it’s insistent chiming violently dragging him back to reality.
“Before she explodes and takes half the planet with her” Sam added. Dean shifted in his chair he knew that tone, Sam was blaming himself.
They slipped quietly through the front door and up the stairs and found Sam standing over a body, he had the demon knife in one hand. “Sam what happened?” Dean demanded.
“Quiin A caosga elasa!!”
“I’m going out” Cas shot them both a vicious glare and disappeared round the corner.
“Yes”
“My mistake, now my niece here has just had a very bad break up, why don’t you go cheer her up hmmm?”
“But you are?” she teased
“Yes it was, but it was you three idiots as let him out in the first place.” She took hold of Cas’ chin, he dared not move, Asasa smiled. “Seems like Daddy wiped me from the minds of all my kin, suppose I had better rectify that before we go any further.” She kissed him very softly and threw him to the floor.
“Yes” she dropped her gaze. “I can see they are broken, they hurt you don’t they?” Cas unfurled his wings gingerly, their tips brushed the ceiling even in this large room. Chris bit her lip they were still faintly outlined in silvery blue, but almost skeletal. The feathers mostly gone, the remaining ones were blackened and baked. She stroked a ravaged flight feather, he flinched and refolded his wings.
“Yeah, but you don’t just like this girl do you.” Dean rubbed his eyes, “This is not a ‘hook up’ situation is it.”
“Ok, how do you know this?”
“really where?”
“Are you sorry for hitting him?”
“Cas-I didn’t push you away because of what you have done” Dean took a breath trying to get the words out, for once wanting to be honest with Cas and with himself. “I mean, I’m not exactly Mother Theresa-”
Cas smiled at her, “would you believe, the pizzaman?”
“What Dean, no! she’s sick”
“With your parents.” John asked quietly, Dean immediately looked away,
“And the girl.”
“So let me get this straight, your Dad came to you in a dream and told you he will kill Chris.” Dean took a swig of beer, wondering if 11 Am really was to early to break out the whisky.
“Gabe I feel weird” Chris stared at her forearms, light was writhing under her skin raising blisters.
“She’s just a human hunter.” Cas said softly.
“Hardly a choice, die now or die later as a mortal” Chris hurled another stone into the bay.“You didn’t give the angels free will”
“Not one worth sharing.”
“About seven not that it matters.”
“Aunty Asasa we just want to fix this.” Sam told her earnestly.
“Why did you leave?” Dean asked softly.
“If I ever see Chuck again, I’m going to punch him in the face, probably more than once.”
“Are you sure this is the place Cas?. It looks deserted” Dean looked dubiously at the rotting mansion with its pillared front. Cas leaned over the impala’s back seat. Dean was feeling happier now, Cas had re-donned his usual apparel. Seeing his angel wearing anything other than a trench coat was unsettling-not that he would ever admit that to anyone.
“UHH Cas maybe we should just go, I don’t think this nice lady is up for a visit.” Dean held up his hands and gave the wizened old lady his best little boy smile. “Sorry to have disturbed you ma’am.” he started to back away. Asasa tilted her head on one side and banged the staff on the floor.  All three found themselves rooted to the spot.
“Cas!” he shouted. He looked up, Cas came slowly, his face creased up with the pleasure of it, Dean watched him enraptured, “I love you” he told him as Cas collapsed beside him.
“How kind of you to notice.”
“Scotland, some town called Applecross,” Cas resisted the urge to scratch at the bandage swathing his chest, Fiona had told him in no uncertain terms what she would do to him, if he made it start bleeding again.
“I don’t know, but its not just his wings, you know that. He is broken, and it will be for the one who broke him to fix him.”Asasa dropped her gaze, “provided he lives that long.”
“Dean she has been hunting almost as long as us, she is not stupid. She is alone, her family is dead and I think she is hunting some kind of big bad on her own.” Dean stood up with a sigh.
“Maybe I don’t want to, maybe this is who I am now. Talking about it won’t bring them back that’s if they are dead of course, if they weren’t turned into drones.” there it was out, he had voiced the thing that had been bubbling away in his unconscious and giving him nightmares for months.
“What is going on Mr Worf?” Picard demanded as the senior officers took their stations.
It took a minute for Chris’ eyes to adjust to the gloom, what she thought was a pile of dirty rags moved. she had a glimpse of the eyes of a terrified animal, quickly hidden again. She took a step inside the cell, it stank, the figure huddles on the bench trembled and shook as she approached it.
“I said put her down.”
“You’ll see, even arch angels have their breaking point.” They stopped outside of a heavy door. Asmodeus pulled a key from his breast pocket with a flourish. “Here he is, may I present the Arch angel Gabriel” he swung the door open.
“There is no need for caution, I’m not sensing a single demon in this place. What I am sensing is something else.”
“Where should I go?”
“What’s wrong Cas.” Cas looked at Dean and shook his head.
“I’m so sorry Cas” Dean’s voice sounded broken, guilty.
Sam returned to the bridge feeling conflicted, on one hand he was annoyed that Worf had gone to the Captain, but on the other he was mildly gratified that the chief of security had so much faith in him. He joined the Klingon at tactical, Worf acknowledged Sam’s return with a slight nod. “Continue running diagnostics on the aft shield emitters, there is a combat drill scheduled for 1500.” Worf rumbled and strode off down the ramp to sit in the Captain’s chair. Sam smiled to himself, Worf always looked a little unsettled when sitting on the plush leather seat, as if such comfort irked him. Maybe it did? Klingons were not exactly known for their relaxed natures.
“No I promise, no unexpected surprises.”
“I’m sorry I don’t know Cas”
“Fine, but only because I like Chris, and someone has to keep you from making a total idiot of yourself.”
“Cas, the spell is dying!” Dean shouted.
“Pretty much, don’t blame me for your mistakes Dean.” Dean gaped at her, but he had no response the anger was congealing back into self loathing. “Thought so”, she muttered and swept out.
“Cas! What the hell is going on!” Dean shouted he sprang up and grabbed Cas forcing him to meet his gaze. “Where is Chris?”
“I don’t know, I haven’t thought that far ahead. She is going to be seriously angry with me. It will be difficult.” Cas shook his head, “Even more so now you and I” he stopped abruptly his cheeks growing hot.
“She told me to watch out for you two and to call her when it’s time.”
“We should start by going inside” she gripped his hand “come on blue eyes”.Chris led him through the hall into a large sitting room. “I’ll be back, I’ll just put these in some water.”
“A little yes.” Dean made himself smile at Cas then sank back into his chair and ignoring Sam’s look of horror, thumped his booted feet on to the table top.
“But Dean said-”
“put it on speaker we might hear something, tell us what’s going on” Dean nodded and tapped the screen. They listened intently,
“Where is Castiel, what have you done with him you bitch?” Dean demanded getting to his feet.
It was later when they were propped up at the bar sipping whisky, after one of the biggest noisiest meals Cas had ever eaten that Fiona finally decided to answer his question.
“You know you can’t hold me here forever.”
“This place is a dump,” Chris ran a finger along a dusty table and wiped it fastidiously on her coat. “Do you not have a housekeeper?” She grinned at Asmodeus, the demon was watching her carefully from his perch on the throne. “Well I suppose, dusting isn’t a number one priority for you.” She stepped over a smoking corpse, one of a dozen or so sprawled on the floor. Asmodeus shrank back against his chair, that was gratifying. “Interesting choice of décor, what is it? Neo-gothic with hints of lunacy. It suits you.”
“No we need to find her, I have to extract her grace, its the only way” Cas was aware he was talking too fast. Dean just stared at him for a second before pushing him into a chair and sitting down opposite him.
“Long enough”
“Because he knows I care about her, that is reason enough for him” Cas sounded so bitter to Sam’s ears, clearly the angel and his brother were in a competition to see who could drown in self pity first.
“no i fixed her, but  I have to ask. How did you know?”
“No, go and help Dean. I’ll be fine” he perched on the side of the table serving as Chris’ bed, though maybe bier would be a better word. She didn’t have long, he could tell from the shallowness of her breath. He leaned forward and kissed her, her lips were cold clay. A sob shook his whole body, he drew in an aching breath and let it whistle through his teeth in an effort to banish the pain squeezing at his heart like a vice. He pressed his forehead against her cool brow and prayed, not to god or heaven, but to her. “Please wake up, I can’t get to you this time.” Nothing. She just lay there, a land-locked Lady of Shalot, drifting further away from him. “I love you, we were just starting. Don’t leave me yet.” He kissed her again, half hoping to feel those lips warming at his touch, expecting to open his eyes and find her staring back at him and smiling. But this was no fairy tale and miracles don’t always happen. The bright eyes remain closed, no smile greeted him, no sound just the laboured breathing of a soul on the edge.
“Whatever Sammie, Now get your stuff.”
“Ok, I can’t do this. Sam.”
“That’s not the point.” Dean dropped his gaze, Cas could read the guilt written all over his face.
“Well screw you too” Dean muttered from the corner.
“Hear what, Chris ?” Dean asked her softly, she wasn’t even seeing at him. Dean shook her shoulder a little, “Chris”. He didn’t like the glassy, vacant look in her eyes, “Chris!”.
“Aye sir, yellow alert” Sam entered the protocol and the computer began to announce the status change to the crew. “hailing frequencies now open sir.”
“Chris I will find a way, I promise-” She pulled back and looked him in the eye.
“And you” he jabbed Sam in the chest with his index finger, “are unusually calm.”
“Then I haven’t seen it.” Castiel smiled at him, a small half smile that tugged his mouth to one side. Despite his drunken confused state, that smile made Dean’s breath catch in his throat. Embarrassed, he looked down at his hands, hoping the doctor wouldn’t notice his flaming red cheeks.
“Sorry were we a little loud?” he poured two mugs of coffee and left still grinning. Sam shook his head, this was going to take some getting used to. His phone started to vibrate in his pocket he pulled it out wondering, who was calling at this ungodly hour. He blinked in surprise at the caller ID.
“Don’t you dare!” she pointed a vehement finger at him. Her face was deadly serious, her eyes though sparkled with amusement.
“Do what?” Cas didn’t look up, preoccupied with positioning a pad over the bite mark.
“Uh hi Doc, sorry about that,” he gestured to the ruined art apologetically.
“in case we need help and there is a girl at the pub with a new baby, the roads are well blocked. Why else would I be out on such a night?”
“I know what it does look like, and its weird.” Dean sat down in the armchair and stared at his friend. “you don’t think he had the same idea as you? About getting in her head.”
“Dean” John let his formal tone shift a little, he was talking soldier to soldier now, “you can’t save everyone, that’s a painful lesson that we all have to learn.” Dean nodded, John wondered how much of that Dean had taken in, enough to trigger a little introspection? He hoped so. “Doctor Castiel prescribed you Ambizine for the panic attacks?”
“Well that’s what Daddy told you, before he decided to wipe me from your mind.” She smiled bitterly. “The others died, my brothers and sisters and their children.”
“Then I’ll go far away, I won’t hurt you Cas.”
“Yeah and they tried to force me to give up my grace.” Chris sat down beside him, her legs dangling into the void.
“If we ever get married the seating plan will be a nightmare.”
“I don’t know Cas, she seemed pretty adamant about the whole not dying thing.” Sam leaned back in his chair and stretched, none of them had got much sleep.
“What do you mean?” John asked, trying not to let his voice reflect how broken he was feeling,
“It’s me, Castiel” the wiping stopped, she heard him wring out the cloth before resuming.”Stay still, I’ve nearly finished cleaning your wound. I’ve strapped up your wrist as well, it’s sprained not broken”
“Didn’t we all?, I’m nothing special”
Cas was stood behind her he had not knocked just opened the door silently and stood there waiting for her to acknowledge his existence, she could feel his gaze on the back of her neck. “I promise I’ll be home soon, then we can talk.” she pressed the phone closer to her ear.
“What do you mean choirboy?”
“one question? Just one I promise.” Fiona nodded her aquiesence regally. “I just wanted to know her name,” Cas stroked the sleeping kid’s cheek.
“Sometimes you are too adorable.” Cas spun the wheel and turned up the drive, there was a car already parked outside the house. He recognised it with a groan.
“The spell Asmodeus.”
“Have we met before?”
Strong hands gripped his shoulders, “Lieutenant you are having a panic attack exacerbated by alcohol, you need to look at me” Dean made himself focus on the intense blue eyes, only a few inches away. “Take a few deep breaths,” Castiel’s fingers encircled his wrist, pressing on the pulse point.
“I know for a human right? Its my curse.”she grinned at him.
“You know my name, well I’m flattered. I have been looking for you for a very long time. We are going to do great things sweetheart.”
“Hey, what are you doing Cas?”
“Good morning Sammy, your up early,” his brother was grinning widely, Sam tried not to stare at the giant hicky gracing his neck.
In the bunker Cas looked at Dean miserably “it went to voicemail”
“You didn’t hear her did you?” Cas stood up, he looked furious.
“I don’t know” he stuttered, he was shaking his head. “I have to get in there” he turned and ran towards the house.
“Nothing, did I wake you?”
“Don’t look at that, look at me” He shook her gently “look at me”, somewhere behind him a child’s sobs were abruptly cut off. “That’s it, just look at me” he whispered and wiped a tear from her cheek. “It wasn’t your fault.”
“Don’t make promises blue eyes.” she regarded him with a frank gaze.
“Aunty, have respect for your elders.”
“I can feel it, there’s a wrongness, here” She thumped her chest.
“Of Course not,” Cas got up and padded towards her, wary of the heavenly anger still shining in her eyes. “You know me” He smiled to him self, “Better than anyone, do you think I could hurt you?” He cupped her chin in his hand and pressed his forehead to hers.
“Charlie and Kevin” Dean glared at the Doctor, his anger was sparking again. He gritted his teeth with the effort of not exploding.
“Well nobody answered the door” He replied smiling insouciantly.
“And tomorrow?”
“I thought Chris had that”
“Now you sound like Cas.”
“So what you are just bringing home strays now?” Dean tried to suppress his rising anger, everything pissed him off these days, especially anything to do with Cas. He glared at the angel, Sam stepped in between them hands held up.
“Cas, what the hell is going on”
BI!Dean, Bi!Cas, Done!Sam, main character OC (not a reader insert) Various other OC’s
“Don’t be too sure” Chris cocked her head listening hard to the soft whispers of the angels in her head, there it was again a tremulous, almost non-existent whispered scream. She took a step back smiling. “found him, Gabriel that is”
“Cas wait, sit down please.” Sam stood up straight and folded his arms. Cas gave his friend a dark glare, but complied.
“I don’t care. Give it to me.” Chris held out her hand, “No tricks.”warily Asmodeus placed the book in her hands. She flicked through the unpleasantly slippery pages, found what she was looking for and shut it with a snap. “This should do the job, with a few adjustments.”
“Maybe not entirely but it was my choice. I always seem to make the wrong one” he paused and stroked her forearm.”And now I don’t know how to save you” he felt her arms slip away, she sat down next to him and sighed.
“Right come on, we are paying the happy couple a visit.” Dean threw his coat over his shoulder and picked up his gun.
“I can think of about a thousand things and all of them are disturbing” Cas said slowly.
Dean is an starfleet engineer, a veteran of the wars with the borg. His little brother Sam works security, Castiel is Dean’s therapist.John Watson is a Doctor (surprise), his husband Sherlock (like i said 24th century) runs the Enterprise’s Astrophysics department,  but life is not what it seems on the uss Enterprise and a mysterious visitor throws everything into disarray.
“Oh Geordi, I already explained this once.” The Doctor spun round holding out her hands. “Alright I’ll try one more time. The multiverse is like a library of books each slightly different” The Doctor paused and shook her head, “actually that’s wrong, some of them are really weird. There’s this one where there’s no yellow and another that’s just full of squirrels-”
“It’s too late, if I take your grace now, you will die anyway.” he took a step forward, “your vessel is too badly damaged, you shouldn’t have waited so long.”
“You heard the man, we’ll pay when we leave” Chris smiled up sweetly at the bouncer.
“She’s very strong my Christine, probably stronger than she knows. She called you to her Castiel or did you think you just happened to follow her to that cemetery?”Cas wanted to deny it, he wanted it to be untrue all of it. Ariela watched him battle against himself with every sign of enjoying his pain. She jumped lightly from her perch and took his face in her hands. “you see Castiel, its not just my baby you lost. You let Asmodeus take her, all these years I’ve been I have protected her from him, now he has her.”
“Could you at least look at me budd- I mean, babe,” Strong fingers under his chin, making him meet those green eyes. “I wish there was another way.”
“Yeah, though she’s not really my aunty more like my sixteenth times great grandmother, she is the reason my Dad decided to settle here in Louisiana.”
“Cas, I thought I had lost you-again,” the pain in Dean’s voice made Cas lean his forehead against the door frame and take a shaky breath.
“He would be right, I’m sorry” Dean’s breath hitched in his throat, strangling his words.
Cas stood up shrugging his trench coat straight and adjusting his tie, “Something she said about when we first met-” Dean heard the tremble in Cas’ voice, the angel looked down at his feet, “It’s not far from here, I think she’s there.”
“Honestly Sam I don’t know.” Sam pulled his ‘oh yes you do face’, but didn’t push it.
It was a sheepish Castiel who walked into the kitchen the next morning, he was well aware that he had acted like a fool and one look at Dean’s bruised face made him feel even worse.
“Oh he’s there, so are Sam, Dean and Gabriel. They can’t save her” The Lord of all creation turned away drumming his fingers on the table top.
“When you fell from heaven”  He wiggled his eyebrows and ignored an irritated sigh from Sam, who was overly familiar with his brother’s terrible pick up lines. The Doctor tilted his head and narrowed his eyes.
“Timey whimey?” Picard did not seem amused, Sam concentrated on staring at the shuttle-bay wall like it was the most interesting thing he had ever seen.
“Fridays at four o’clock suit you?”
Sam rubbed his palms on his uniform trousers and tried not to show any outward sign of the panic currently gripping his entire being and yet knowing he was failing miserably. The Captain had asked to see him. The Captain who was now sat in front of him with an inscrutable expression that Sam could not read. “So Lieutenant Winchester, you are probably wondering why I asked to see you.” Picard settled back in his chair and raised an eyebrow. Sam had trouble finding his voice.
“Well Amen to that brother, but I don’t think you have ever volunteered before.” Cas looked at him quizzically.
“What ever you say, I’m not calling you the Lord”
“No” For a second Dean thought he saw a flash of gold in those dark eyes. She stood up hands braced against the table. “I have done nothing to your brother, I have done nothing to Cas. It wasn’t me that hurt him, was it Dean?”
“Hello, son” Cas stopped and let out a groan. “Whats the matter, not pleased to see the old man?” Chuck was stood behind him, eating frozen yogurt from a large tub, he held out the spoon to Cas smiling. “you want some?, it’s banana and chocolate” Cas knocked the spoon away and took a step forward.
“And what happened to them Cherie?”
“But it’s not just that, is it?” there was an edge to her voice. Cas ran his tongue over his dry lips and made himself answer her.
“A friend? Really Cas? you’ve never mentioned her before” Dean took a step back as Cas’ face curled into a snarl.
“It’s Sam.”he shrugged at Chris.
“Cas, give me the phone.” Chris said quietly, prying it out of his fingers, and walking away.
“He was in a rush.”Dean pointed out. Cas was barely listening to the conversation, his mind was a maelstrom of recriminations and dread.
“Claire is 20 and Jack is..18”
“Their names were Charlie and Kevin and they were not  just my friends, they were-” he stopped, the sympathy on Cas’ face made him feel worse, like oil on an already raging fire.
“Dean, I’ll come back when you are sober.”
“I should never of left you alone.”
“Understatement Cas, if I’d brought home Lucifer she’d have been happier” Cas caught her round the waist, he was smiling.
“No” she whispered starting to drift off.
“I will endeavour not too”
“Perfect, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“It’s my life Dean.”
“I’m sorry.” Sam squeezed her hand. Uncomfortable Dean had got up and was prowling the contents of the kitchen shelves.
“Just one second choirboy, nearly done here” Cas took a few steps forward, aware of Dean and Sam following him. Chris topped off the beer and placed it next to the three she had already poured. “I knew you would be coming, so I got you a beer.”
“I made the right decision and my family died, your family are still here. I’d call that a win,” she pushed away the old pain and smiled at him. He seemed to be thinking hard, brow furrowed as he considered her words.
“Better than I probably should, thanks Dean”
“Cas, no. I told you we will find a better way.” Dean sat up and feeling a little awkward, kissed Cas lightly. When Dean started to pull away, Cas wrapped his arms round him and kissed him back, Dean buried himself in the sensation, neither of them heard the door open.
“No Castiel, you saved my girl, I should have never have warded her. It’s my fault, don’t take my sin for yours” Cas nodded, but it did not lessen his guilt. “Like I said, I’ve patched her up, I don’t know how long-” Ariela stopped. Chris’ eyes had fluttered open, she sat up slowly.
“I’m a walking nuclear bomb and the man I love just assaulted me, how do you think I’m feeling?”
“Well you would be, if you went into arrest and died,” She wrapped his hands round a cup that smelled of something Cas could not identify, he looked up at her suspiciously. “Its ginger and lemon, it will warm you up,” Cas tried to lift it to his lips but his hands started to shake, instantly she was there fingers around his. She guided the cup to his mouth, let him take a sip then placed the mug on the floor. “You are a lucky man, another ten minutes and that would have been it” she knelt beside him and took his wrist gently fingers over the pulse point. Then she produced a stethoscope from her pocket.
“I don’t know how much of her is left, I don’t know how we can get her back.” Cas hated the words even as he spoke them. He saw Dean exchange a concerned glance with Sam.
“it would have to be several gallons” Cas pointed out with a lopsided grin.
“I burned, I felt it, I burned.”
“No, he’s probably still pissed at you”
“Good point.” Cas handed the kid back, this time Fiona took her.
“You idiots, I was helping her, it was just a ruse to get the old man down here so we could bind him. Now what the hell have you done with Chris!”
The streets of New Orleans were hot and crowded with tourists. Chris threaded her way through the chattering masses with all the self importance of a local, Cas gripped her hand tightly. Humanity en-masse had always disconcerted him. She pulled him off the side walk and into a side street populated by book and antique shops. “Are you okay?”
“I met her in a bar in Ebson, she was going after a ghoul. I was worried so I followed her.”
“he was cremated, scattered at sea, just like he wanted.”
“What are you going to do now missy?”, the taller of the two hissed, edging closer. Too close the machete caught him midway down the ribcage and stuck there, he howled and dropped. Taking advantage of the distraction she ran for the door, she had another blade hidden out there. They were right behind, her gun was in its holster and useless at this point. By the time she had turned around and drawn they would be on her. The Table tomb suddenly appeared in front of her she vaulted it, landed badly and twisted her knee. She tried to get up, however standing wasn’t an option. They had lost her in the gloom, but Chris could hear them moving towards her. She wedged herself into a corner between two gravestones and tried to calm her breathing.
“There’s no need for sarcasm”
“What!”
“Like beat up your best friend over a girl.”
“And that will stop her exploding?” Dean looked sceptical.
“Ford pick up truck.”
“I just want her to be safe.”
Cas shook his head and turned back the blanket “No, not yet anyway,  This is Chris, she’s a friend.”
“Sorry guys” Cas let go of Chris, she slipped off his knee and stood behind him fingers resting lightly, almost possessively on his shoulder.
“Chris what the hell happened here?” Sam asked her gently. She stared at them, her eyes large with fear.
“I don’t know, does Cas drive?”
“Alright” Cas reluctantly pulled his cell from his pocket.
“Tardis is a bit banged up, need a tow”
“Cas, what the hell!” Cas just stared dumbly at Chris in horror, Dean exchanged a glance with Sam.
“I don’t care, go to your damn room and sober up.” Sam stumbled away, shaking his head in disbelief “you two are idiots.”
“Be careful I sensed she is very powerful.”
“But Doc-”
“Just get on with it” Chris gritted her teeth and pushed her face into the sheet. There was a sharp jab, then another and another. Abruptly they stopped, Chris could still feel Cas’ breath on the back of her neck as he checked his work. “Are you done?”
“Sherlock, what are you doing up?”
“He seems really attached to this girl, could it be a love spell?”
“Cas.” his name, whispered over and over in his ear as she drove herself against him urgently. Cas tried to hold on to some kind of control, but he was already coming. She cried out and rode his thrusts, and held him tight as he screamed his release into her bruised mouth.
“Mmmm a seraph, well I can’t blame you child. he’s a beauty. If I were a few centuries younger I doubt I would have said no either.”
“What’s wrong, what’s wrong?”Dean bellowed, “What’s wrong is that our unstable best friend has vanished, his truck is still parked outside and I have just realised that Dorothy’s motorcycle is missing.”I’ve called him a bunch of times, he’s not picking up”
“I think there is, now are you going to fix me or not?”
“Sammy get her the hell out of the bunker-now”
Chris glanced over her shoulder a smile tugging at her lips “Just what?”
“Let me see” He asked softly and placed two fingers on her forehead. He saw then, what he had missed before. Her grace was trying to repair her vessel, but there was no control, no regulation and the power was building up. Cas snatched his hand away as if scolded, he couldn’t meet her eyes.
“Doctor before you go? Did Castiel have a message for me?” Hopeful tone in the voice.
“I think he is done with you, as am I” He tried to run, Chris held him immobile with a thought. “You didn’t really think I was going to let you live did you?” she clenched her fist, and he doubled over in agony. “when I am done with heaven and god, hells next.” she squeezed harder, the demon fell to his knees. Chris realised Gabriel was standing silently at her shoulder she smiled at him brightly. “Hello Uncle, should I Kentucky fry the Colonel here?” The briefest of nods from Gabriel. Asmodeus screamed as the flames engulfed him, burning greasily into ash. Chris stared at the spot for a while, before looking Gabriel in the eye.
“Okay, so what’s the catch? C’mon Cas I can read you like a book, what is it you are not telling me?” Dean carefully retrieved his novel inserted a bookmark and laid it aside. He leaned across the table. “I’m assuming it must be bad, since you won’t even look at me.” Cas shifted in his seat and ran the tip of his tongue over suddenly dry lips.
“The king will see you now.” He said with mock politeness.
“Don’t be silly Castiel, Mairi won’t mind. Besides it’s good luck.” Cas gave in and let himself be towed up a narrow stair to a room on the first floor. They found the new mother nursing her child under a pile of blankets, Cas hung back by the door as Fiona bustled in.
“Cas, I know something is eating at you. Whats wrong?”
“Hey! I am not his boy toy and what about Sam?” Dean pointed at his brother.
This chapter, a lot of angst and violence, chuck makes things worse, chris learns a thing
“Okay” Dean pretended not to hear Sam’s sigh of relief as peace was restored.
“I do?”
“No, only he has a grudge.”
“would he do it without telling us?”
“that’s the first time, anyone has ever said it back to me” Chris’ smile vanished and Cas found himself caught in a fierce hug.
“She wanted to go home, to New Orleans,” Dean shrugged and smiled “cause that’s where she lives.” Cas pushed himself upright and leaned forward trapping Dean with a furious glare.
“My Dad was a hunter” She answered abruptly.
“I’m sorry blue eyes, but I lied this one time.” Trembling, he leaned against her. Asasa was walking around the shop picking up things and dropping them into a ready made hex bag mumbling to herself in Swahili and Latin. “So can you help him?” Chris demanded. Her aunt held up a warning finger for interrupting and popped a few more bits into the bag.
“You came a thousand miles in one night, to see me.”
“How do I know you?” Castiel vocalised the thought for her, eyes crinkling as his gaze narrowed.
“Come on guys, we need ideas. Sitting here apportioning blame is not helping Chris. How are we going to find her?”Sam tried very hard to hide his frustration.
“Cas, c’mon we will find a better way.” Sam crossed the room in quick strides and squeezed Cas’ shoulder. Cas shook him off, frustrated and hating himself for what he had to do.
“Its about damned time child, what time do you call this?” Asasa stood by the counter looking angry.
“You, she wanted to know all about you.” Sam held his hands up “She clearly likes you Cas. I say you should go for it.”
They watched Chris shuffle out with Sam on one side and Jack on the other. Once the dungeon door swung shut Dean stood up and stretched. “So Cas, what now?”
“It has everything to do with her doesn’t it?”
“I am sorry about your brother, Think about what I have said. You’re dismissed”
“Chris loves vintage British cars, said it reminds her of home,” Cas explained “And lets be honest, if Gabriel is involved he is not going to be driving a Buick.”
“I’m your Doctor first Dean, what goes in my report is up to me.”
“Yes i know, a heart murmur. I was going to call in the mountain rescue boys with their helicopter when we got downstairs.”
“Cas, I’m really not someone who should be giving out dating tips,“he tossed the whisky back and poured himself another large one. “true love and all that disney bullshit are not my area.”
“Dean no, you are acting crazy.”
“Just give me a minute blue eyes” She set her hands on the dresser and stared at her reflection in the mirror. “I thought Ariela- I suppose I have to call her Mom now, I thought she fixed me.”
“Yes I am,” John looked down making a show of reading his pad.
“Dean chill out, its fine.”
“no” he answered sulkily, “At least not right now, that was the last of my stash.”
“Yes, Gabriel is in there and Chris I can feel them. They have dropped the warding.” Cas cast a worried glance towards the cathedral, he could sense the spell Chris was weaving, the air tasted of copper, like before a snow storm.“Will this binding spell work on Gabriel as well?” Cas asked.
~Thank you and I'm sorry.
"Dean." Ash pleaded. "Everybody here knows that somethings up. We're worried, man."
"I should show ye around the ship a bit." Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Ye'll be doin carpentry 'round the ship. Fixin' the hull and all of those things."
Who the fuck do you think you are? I contemplated throwing your letter away because I didn't want to read it or face whatever you said. I'm glad I did. You don't get to apologize after 3 years of nothing in a fucking letter. An apology in a fucking letter after 3 fucking years of silence. That's low, even for you. I Can't fucking believe you and your stupid fucking brain. Who the fuck told you that was a proper apology even. You're not the fucking victim here, Dean. 'the man who deserves your hate the most'. Get fucked Dean, seriously. Eat my fucking ass. Don't you fucking dare turn this around on you and try to guilt me into feeling bad for you after you treated me like shit for all 4 years of our fucking relationship. I can't fucking believe you. You are the root cause of most of the trauma I'm trying to get rid of. I hope you know that I still talk to Sam, and he told me that you only barely started to fix yourself AFTER I started sending you these letters. And that's sad. Get some fucking help.
"Well, tell me how you really feel Cass. Why did you stay with me? What did I do to deserve you?" Dean asked, but his question would go answered. For who could answer him besides the floorboards, the walls, the pieces of paper he held in his hands? He continued on with the last page. The fresh page that looked as though it were just written. The one that Cass had written after the fact to send to Dean to explain his letter or lament further.
I wanted this to be out on the same day as the Destiel Twitter wedding but it didn't quite work out.
"Shit, run Ellen. I'll catch up." The captain said. The lady nodded and ran in the opposite direction of the other voices.
It was not confusion, but guilt. Dean had been forcefully made aware of the consequences his actions had on Cass. And he did not like that.
P.S. I fucking hate you, so why can't I stop loving you?"
Dean hung up abruptly and tossed his cellphone onto the passenger seat roughly. He continued driving rather aggressively until he was home. He pulled into the driveway, parked, and turned off Baby. He grabbed his cellphone and got out, slamming the door angrily behind him. Then realizing what he'd done, apologized to his car and solemnly grabbed the mail from the mailbox. He stomped up to the front door and unlocked it, cautiously closing it behind him so as not to have a repeat of earlier. He precariously tossed the mail and his keys on the table when something caught his eye.
“I ain’t happy with you staying there baby girl” Her aunt sounded angry. Chris felt her own annoyance overflow. She tightened the towel round her waist.
“You could tell me while I eat.” she unwrapped the burger and waited, the idea of telling her what ever had happened seemed to make Castiel uncomfortable. he fidgeted with his trench coat and rubbed his neck.
“So are you two staying the night?”Chris asked, “Or are you planning on dragging Cas home this very moment.”
“It was fine, we stayed at uncle Bobby’s, then when we were older and Dad was stationed on a star-base we went to him. Must have seen half the federation.” Dean was scowling again, his change in mood was swift, “But what has all that to do with, watching my friends get slaughtered by those things?”
“I know what thats like”
“So had to be done by a non-demon, the devils traps at least, maybe Asmodeus has a witch on the payroll.” Sam suggested.
“Just banter boys, ain’t that right Chris?”
The injured one came first, shambling through the dark, cursing to himself. Chris waited for a clear shot, heart hammering against her ribs. He was nearly past her when he stopped and sniffed the air. She squeezed the trigger and the ghouls head exploded with a wet sound. Cautiously she pulled herself up right leaning on the cold granite of the tomb. “Where are you, you bastard?” she muttered to herself peering into the gloom. Nothing, not a sound. The last of the trio was no where to be seen, that didn’t mean he was gone. Chris forced herself to still her breathing and listened intensely. Was that a sound behind her? She darted forward, injured knee screaming at her- too late. He tackled her, arms wrapped around her midriff and dragged her to the ground. She punched wildly catching him on the cheek, her other hand scrabbling in the mud for her dropped gun.
“No Dean, of course not. I told you, it’s cold here she was wrapped up like a breakfast burrito,”
On the way home from sioux falls Cas stops in a bar and meets a curiously familiar stranger, someone who will turn his life and his understanding of the world upside down. But Cas loves Dean, Can an angel love two people? must he choose? or will events take the choice from him?
“feel what Dean?”
“Bullshit,” Dean grinned as if he had scored a point. “So why’d you do it? Why did you drop me?” a loaded question that, Cas stared at his feet. Anything he said now could be used against him and considering Dean’s rage probably would be. “Why am I always attracted to assholes” Cas stood up, “this is pointless”
“Asmodeus, the prince of hell is after your girlfriend and you are only telling me now.”
“Well maybe you should, Dean”
“What do you mean Dean?”
It a while before Sam rejoined his brother in the kitchen. Cas was sat the table, staring into nothing. Dean beckoned him over to the other end of the room. “Hows he doing? Sam asked, looking at Cas’ dejected form.
“Hey guys?” Sam again, always the peace-maker. Dean knew he should be grateful for the way Sam interceded, sometimes though, sometimes he just wanted a blazing stand up row. “Can we find out what’s wrong with Chris please? Ariela, Cas tried to heal her, but it’s not working.”
“Chris is asleep, I was going to sit on the porch. I do that sometimes.” He explained.
“Well that’s not surprising, you took quite the crack on the heid, Castiel,” She handed him the mug again and watched as he sipped. “You’re in Applecross.”
“Maybe, maybe not.” Sam didn’t even look up from the ingredients he was throwing into a golden bowl balanced on the hood of the impala.
“Should we hug too?”Sam said loudly.
“I’m fine.” Dean turned back to his work.
“Cas” she gripped him for a second, he dropped a kiss on to her hair and then another longer one on her lips.
“Are you jealous?” Cas’ let his grin widen into a smile.
Dean looked grim, “I don’t know Sam and I would rather not find out. Which is why we better find a cure for sleeping beauty.” Sam nodded and returned to reading, Dean watched his brother frown over the text and tried to sort his own feelings out. I’m jealous, he could admit that in the privacy of his own head. Jealous and angry, though the anger was more at his own stupidity than anything else. Because he had got Cas back and things had just gone on as normal for weeks. Until the day Cas had walked into the kitchen and told Dean exactly what he wanted. How had Dean reacted? He had frozen, said nothing and now all he saw when he closed his eyes was Cas staring at him with the tears of rejection shining in his eyes. “I’m an idiot” he muttered out loud.
“I’ll drive” Cas snatched the keys off the bar. “I’m not drunk”
“John I’m the head of astrophysics, I can’t just take a day off.” John rolled his eyes.
“you are unbelievable, you know that.” There was a bang as the bunker door was slammed shut, a startled cry then another series of bangs. They ran through into the war room Castiel was just pulling himself off the floor. He looked at them blearily, a cut above his eye was bleeding profusely.
“Everything okay, Bobby?”
—floating through his mind.
want. But we’ll have time for that.” One squeeze. “We can have Sammy and Eileen, Jody and Donna, Claire and the girls, Jack over for dinner every couple weeks.” One squeeze. “We can be
The angel wastes no time in attacking Castiel with his angel blade, but Castiel blocks the swipe with his own.
“The night before we trapped Raphael. Um. We went to that brothel, remember?” She internally curses her clumsy words.
“So you get to just stroll out of the Pit, huh? Tell me: what makes you so special?”
“No.” Deanna clears her throat. “He didn’t tell me when he’d be back.”
Dean’s face darkens, a stormcloud of anger and hurt passing over his countenance before smoothing out. “Sam? He won’t have a problem believing me. My brother’s
"Pirates, but that isn't import'nt." Gadreel said. "Ye need to get in yer 'ouse."
"I saw nothing, Gadreel." Castiel reiterated.
Dean didn't even notice he was crying until a tear landed on the paper, causing the inking on Castiel's signature to run slightly. Dean panicked and wiped his eyes, he put the on the end table and picked up the shredded bits of the envelope from the floor.
I'm tired.
"I see." Dean nodded and shifted himself more comfortably on Castiel's bed. "Next, why were ye wanderin' that late at night in the first place?"
Why did Castiel's words hurt Dean so much? And why was Dean Winchester such a moron?
"Hello again,
Castiel continued staring at the door after Sam left. He tried very hard to make sense of what the hell just happened. After racking his brain for answers to no avail he sighed and flopped back onto his cot.
Ash jumped back slightly at Dean's reaction. He quietly left Dean's office and softly closed the door behind him. After that, Dean was left alone for the rest of the work day. 7 o'clock rolled around slowly and everyone had eventually left, when Ellen came back to Dean's office.
"I cannot cook but I can do just about anythin' t' do with carpentry, I am rather skilled with a sword but I don't think that'll help with chores." Castiel said as he slowly climbed out of his bed.
"That may be true, Castiel, but ye still 'aven't answered me question." Gadreel reminded.
Dean Winchester"
"Okay." The pirate whispered and hesitantly slid his hand into the other mans grip. Castiel sighed and began dragging the captain along with him through the streets. Ducking around corners when guards would pass and finally arriving at the prison.
Just as the guard was about to strike the pirate for speaking rudely, Castiel exited his hiding place in the shadows and contemplated leaving or telling the pirate of his betrayal. He smirked and laughed lightly, just enough to catch the attention of the others in the room.
He remembered how pissed off he'd gotten at Cass for speaking ill about his father.
The dreaded First mate of the Free Will had been captured by the royal guard. As he saw the man being dragged away, Castiel felt a pit form in his belly. Something was going to happen to Illiac tonight. And he did not want to be there when it did.
This was going to be fun to explain to Sam when he got here.
"Shit!" He whispered to himself and ducked behind a random house.
"Fine. Close the door." Ash quickly entered Dean's office and shut the door.
"Then take my hand and try to keep up, Winchester."
"Novak! What are ye doin' 'ere?" The familiar voice called.
"We'll see about that." The Winchester spat.
Once they finally reached 'home' Sam visibly grimaced at the sight of his childhood home.
"Those damned Winchesters." Their father spoke.
"Ye don't say?" Castiel snarked to the captain.
Also I hate John and Mary Winchester.
"We're 'ere, are ye ready Winchester?" Castiel looked over at the pirate.
"I wan'ed t' apologize fer nearly killin' ye back in the prison." The captain spoke softly. "I was so angry that ye'd trick'd me, I didn't think that ye'd come back. When ye did, I didn't even look at what ye were doin. I jus' react'd."
"I'm sorry, father. I meant it only in jest." Castiel hoped a statement like that would appease his father.
"I can't." The pirate whispered.
Castiel"
"Get back to work Ash."
"Yer right, Anna. Die swiftly and 'orribly Naomi. It'll be a blessin if I ne'er 'ave t' see yer ugly face again ye wench!" Castiel exclaimed and slammed the door behind him.
Dean stared at the finance forms on his desk. They needed to be sent off a week ago, but the only thing Dean could do was stare blankly and try to wrap his head around the whole Cass situation. He couldn't make sense of his irrational behavior and decided to call it quits.
Dean instinctively went to check the mail but was disappointed until he remembered it hadn't been a week yet. Dean hoped Sam didn't notice and Sam hoped Dean wouldn't notice that he definitely had.
"Deal."
"Shut up bitch and get in the car." Dean snapped. "Quickly or you're walking back."
Castiel looked up at the pirate captain and noticed the fear in his eyes. He found himself lost in them and the way the moonlight looked in them. He shook his head and noticed that the pirate drew his sword but faltered once he realized how many soldiers there were.
"Hello?"
"Did ye think ye'd be joining a pirate crew when ye left yer father's house last night?" Dean asked.
"They are quite well in the north, father." Michael spoke blandly.
Castiel went back to where he last knew where the pirate was and acknowledged his presence. The pirate shook his head and grunted.
"Castiel" He spoke in hopes of appeasing the pirate in order to keep his life.
"I can tell that you're lying to me, but since you don't want to talk about it I'll leave you alone." Ellen glared at Dean. "We're ready to open if you are."
"I did not find the appeal. Now come, your mother will be elated that you are here." His father led him to their mother's bedroom where she sat, surrounded by the children she loathed.
"Ye should 'av told me that I'd 'ave to share with someone else." Castiel smiled at Dean as he gestured to the spiders.
"My name is Castiel Novak. I'm here to get you out, along with your brother." Castiel whispered as he approached the cell which held the Winchester, examining the lock.
"I don't give a shit, Sam."
Those few words on the first page created a pain in his chest that Dean had not felt in a long time. Heartbreak. Why was he so upset that Castiel was taking measures to forget him. And why was he reading the letter if Castiel didn't want him to? Dean hoped those questions would be answered by the rest of the letter.
"Why did ye 'elp me?"" The pirate asked. "Ye 'eard the soldier boy. If ye're 'round me ye'll be ex'cuted."
"Help.. ing." Castiel choked.
"I know you hate me and hearing from me is probably the last thing you want. Or even need. You probably don't want to even hear this but I'm sorry. I'm so sorry for everything that I ever did to hurt you. That was shitty of me. I don't want you to forgive me. I don't deserve your forgiveness. Fuck it, who knows if you're even going to open this letter let alone read it. If I were I'd probably throw it away.
"Fine." Sam said and forcibly let go of his eldest brother's arm. He stormed off, leaving the captain and Castiel alone.
"Ye can let go of my 'and now, Winchester." Castiel said after regaining his composure.
"just pointin' out the obvious, Winchester." Castiel smiled. "Also, what the 'ell 'appened to me after we got back to the ship?"
"Dean Winchester,
"Sorry Sammy." The pirate whispered to himself, silently hoping that Castiel didn't hear. Castiel had mapped out his escape route and decided to save the pirate as well.
"Ye can't be serious. I said easier not completly possible. There's still going to be guards who are going to stop at nothing to kill you." Castiel raved. "We need a plan."
"Well, Casteel. 'ave ye got a surname?" The captain raised his eyebrow.
"I'm fine Ellen." He muttered a response to satisfy her need to mother him. "Couldn't sleep last night, that's all."
He pushed himself off of the car and wiped his cheek, surprised at himself for letting go and breaking in such a public place.
He let out a sigh and decided he would head to the town square and try to barter for a meal with the merchants. On his way he noticed many things that Illiac had changed over the years. From the new stone streets to the erasure of the remnants of the war. As he walked past the docks he took note of every ship in the harbor. Noticing how they were all fishing boats. He remembered the time his older brother's had stolen one to escape their mother but crashed and sunk it. He remembered how angry their father was when he had to pay for it.
Why was he helping the pirate? He had originally gotten caught by the pirate and helped because he didn't want to be associated with him. But here he was, helping break the other pirate out of prison. He could walk away from this whole situation. All he'd have to do was double cross the pirate.
"Well well, Winchester. See what 'appens when ye be so careless? Ye get caught and ye'll be 'anged fer yer crimes along with yer brother." One of the guards, who Castiel realized as Ezekiel, laughed.
"Don't start getting defensive with me, Dean. I'm just looking out for you." Sam sighed and Dean could tell from over the phone that Sam was stressed about something. "Look, I need to get away for the weekend so I'll catch the first flight to Kansas that I can, okay? That way I can rest and also help you with your issue."
"Make up your mind, Winchester. Do you want to kill me or marry me off to your brother?"  Castiel joked in an attempt to cut some of the tension.
"No time, have your reunion later. We need to get out before the guards come back." Castiel urged the brothers. He once again hoisted himself up and out of the window and encouraged the brothers to follow. Once they were out of the prison, Castiel grabbed onto the youngest's wrist and the Captain's hand and began to lead them back to the port.
To say that Castiel's letter had shocked Dean was an understatement.
Dean turned off all of the lights, including the one in the front widow that said 'open', closed and locked the front door and climbed into his beloved 1967 Chevrolet Impala. After firing up her engine and letting her warm up, Dean peeled out of the staff parking and sped home. He wanted nothing more than an ice cold beer at that moment.
"Raphael died?" Gadreel asked visibly disarrayed. "What 'appen'd ?"
"Eileen says ye 'ad a bit to much excitement an' fainted." The captain said.
So why do I still love you?
Sending the letter he'd written to Castiel was easy, his address was on the envelopes. The hardest part for Dean, was waiting for Castiel's response.
"Ever observant are ye?" Castiel smiled.
The only hope he had at any peace was sleep. If he slept he could get away from the constant nagging in his brain that caused him issues. The unrelenting guilt and anxiety that Dean felt was overwhelming, the escape from his life that he craved was unattainable. Dean laid awake in his bed and stared at the ceiling almost all night. His mind raced back and forth between Cass and all the shit he put Cass through. His mind somersaulted over and over until finally, he fell asleep.
"I had to convince the guards that I was not helping you at all, removing all suspicion that you two would be leaving tonight. Now enough talking, let's get you out of here." Castiel said and began to pick the lock on the cell.
"Dean, you cannot keep eating a #6 from Steve's Burgers 3 times a week. You have got to understand how unhealthy that is." Sam would comment to Dean and of course Dean would get defensive and comment right back.
"Quickly!" Castiel whispered. "Get in here, I'll distract them."
"Don't. That man got what he deserved."
"Castiel?" A familiar voice called to him. "Novak, is that ye? What're ye doing back 'ere in Illiac?"
"You need to respond to him. Now. You write back to that man and you apologize for everything you've ever done." Sam demanded.
"Me mother, a wretched beast she is. I finally found some peace while travelin' but she ne'er could just let me be 'appy. I told her how 'orrid she is, to her face while she's in her deathbed in front of all of me siblin's" Castiel laughed lightly. "I couldn't stay there after that so I was on me way t' the inn when ye showed up."
"Dean trusts you. He hasn't trusted anyone since our father. If you ever break that trust I will personally kill you." Sam said maliciously. "However, I don't think that'll be the case. You're making him happy, Castiel. I don't know how but you are. For that, I'm glad."
And I know there's no way you can answer these questions because you'll never see these letters. I won't get that closure from you. Because of course you made sure of that. Those words you said to me on that day have replayed in my head for a month now, Dean. Did you know that? Obviously not because I can't tell you and you're not me. And you never think of anyone but yourself. You never stop and think about how your actions and the things you say affect people, Dean. And I hate that about you. I hate that you never talked to me. You bottled everything up and blew up at me later. I hate that about you. I hate so many things about you but I'm still fucking in love with you.
