“The first rainstorm we spent together?” Dean asks.
She returned to her breakfast.
between two teachers (and two male teachers, too) would spark a wildfire of a rumor.
“Okay.”
He set his bag down beside his desk and fired up his computer—no missed emails about faculty meetings—and set to putting today’s warm-up on the board.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m stubborn, I know,” Dean mumbled, too focused on defrosting his limbs to be snarky back.  “Hey, Petunia,” he murmured, bending down to scratch Petunia—seated on the arm of the couch—under the chin.
“Mmf.” Dean felt the couch bounce when Castiel stood up. Footsteps faded into the kitchen, there was a faint
Cas pulled a strip of cling wrap from the roll and laid it over the dough disc. “Yes. Mistakes are inevitable with anything, and one failed attempt should not lead to complete capitulation if the failure is due to an issue that can be resolved in future endeavors.”
Dean checked the front cover to read the title. “Ender’s Game,” he read aloud. “Cas gave it to me.”
Cas POV Summary: He and Dean leave Back To School night and meet the rest of the faculty at the Roadhouse, and everyone has a lovely time! When they leave, Dean asks Cas to text him when he's home, and when Castiel finally is, they strike up a text convo about the cats (named Petunia and Cleocatra.)
Castiel grinned at him from the floor, something glinting in his eyes. “You wouldn’t
“That’s...unnerving,”
Oh, shit.
“Rummy!”
“Well hello to you too, Bradbury,” Dean answered, turning on speaker mode and setting his phone on the bedside table.
He expected something horrible to happen.
“There are a ridiculous number of ways to win this game,” Castiel mumbled.
“That ain’t the phrase.”
last chapter!
Sam rolled his eyes.
Dean squeezes Castiel close. “I don’t regret it, though. Couldn’t help myself; you were too pretty, standin’ in the rain.”
“Bedroom.”
Christmas was a quiet thing for the Winchesters.
since there’s two episodes left of the season—
still in school, there was always work to be done. There were always things to be graded and things to assign (hey, snow days didn’t get kids out of class these days, now that everything’s online), powerpoints to edit and, of course, ever-growing mountains of emails.
“I do feel a bit odd about making pie today,” Castiel mentioned, chopping chocolate bars into bite-sized chunks while they discussed the
“Did you know,” Cas said all gravelly, “the first pancakes were called
Cas’s free arm wrapped loosely around Dean’s shoulders, keeping him close and steady by his side. Their soft laughter, unrestrained and free, faded into quiet again and for a moment they just breathed together—Dean tucked into Castiel’s side, Castiel’s head resting on top of Dean’s, listening to the slow rhythm of their exhales.
“Hey, fuck you.”
go back to school in a few days….
Castiel nudged his plate toward Dean. “I didn’t have any planned, no. Not yet, anyways, I guess..I was thinking of reading for most of the day. Or baking,” he added, “I know you like pastry, and we have ingredients for a chocolate pecan pie, so—”
history, not World. Anyone with questions about that could ask Adler. Or not, actually, he was a pompous ass.
attractive cast,
How did he ever think this wasn’t something to be revered? This is nature’s poetry; one of God’s gifts to the Earth and something to be worshipped.
All in all, New Year’s Eve was definitely one of Dean’s most-looked-forwards-to days of the year.
Sure enough, both cats were meowing loudly at Castiel by the time he slipped off his loafers and locked his front door. “Yes, I know you’re hungry,” he said to them, walking to the kitchen and trying to avoid tripping over the cats. “Come on, then.”
” he mumbled to himself. His reflection didn’t answer.
directions. They knew each other’s favorite craft brews and takeout orders because they had a Saturday routine (and they were friends). Dean found Castiel a group of crocheted bees that he decided to get him for Christmas because the guy liked insects (and they were
“Hmm,” Charlie mused, oblivious to the drip of gyro juice sliding down her arm. “She might be working this weekend. I know she’s a yoga instructor at the place in town, maybe—”
“What?” Dean said exasperatedly after more than a few minutes of weird silence.
Castiel had built the coop from three old rabbit hutches and a bunch of chicken wire, constructing it all into a Franken-coop with ample enough room for the six birds to easily run around.
That puzzle piece was in Illinois, playing mediator at his own family’s holiday celebrations.
Charlie stared at him, confused, for a few seconds. Then Dean saw her eyes go wide and she gasped. “Oh my—Dean, you caught
Two new messages.
“Yeah—uh—yeah, that makes sense,” Dean said, nodding, still standing by the door. Even with all the times he’d been to Castiel’s house, he’d never been too far in the snake room, much less physically near Marcy. Dean had never asked and Castiel had never offered, happy to explain the little things about boa constrictor husbandry from the living room. The temperature and humidity regulators were on the wall by the light switch, so when he’d played pet-sitter for Cas over winter break, all Dean had to do was poke his head around the door to read the numbers.
“New Year’s Eve.”
As much as Dean didn’t want to admit it,
ago that, at some point, he would have a seven foot snake in his lap while sitting beside the man he was in love with—who happened to be a nerdy, awkward science teacher with a penchant for inappropriate science jokes and coffee mugs—he would’ve broken a rib laughing. Before drowning himself in cheap whiskey.
He dried his hands on a dishtowel. “No, it definitely is.
Dean glanced at his watch and saw it was
“Based off personal experience? Little to none,” Dean answered.
Yeah.
Dean shrugged, glancing down at the last bit of hot chocolate in his mug. “That’s fair, too. I mean, it’s obvious how they feel about each other. At least from an outsider’s standpoint,” he added. “There’s a reason I keep making ‘em do classwork together.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “When am I not?”
Afterwards, Dean lay with his head cushioned on Cas’s chest, tracing patterns with the tip of his finger.
, the more he lingered on
“Sure,” Dean said, taking the pen, roster, and twenty-some files Castiel handed over.
“They’re very good companion animals. And completely harmless, when treated correctly,” he said, unperturbed, turning to check one of the textbook numbers off the chart. “I take it you are not a fan of snakes.”
to a sophomore with a driver’s license) and from what Castiel said over lunch about his first two classes, he was settling in well.
He yelped and nearly dropped the freezer lid on his hand. “Cas, what the
Castiel rolled his eyes, but the corners of his mouth were twitching upwards. “I enjoy baking. And I wanted to bake with you,” he said softly, ducking his head and stabbing off a forkful of pie.
Oh, right, new teacher. Charlie had said he’d be coming by today.
Charlie grinned at the second pumpkin in her hands. “I’m gonna carve the
—and the rooster-shaped Harry Houdini named Albert had decided to make a run for it, sneaking through the tiny gap made by Dean’s body and the coop’s entryway. Dean had twisted to put the eggs in the basket behind him, only to spot the bird pelting across the snowy lawn, zig-zagging through the trail of footprints Dean and Castiel left behind, sprinting as fast as his tiny legs could take him.
If you think you wanna hang around, I've got some stuff in the works, including a Human Cas in the Bunker fic that I'm excited to finally buckle down on!
“If it’s my niece’s, the answer is most likely a ‘sometimes,’” Castiel said, walking back from his kitchen to rejoin Dean on the couch. He was looking over some of Dean’s new PowerPoints and worksheets for the next Civics unit, most of which had been written up at two in the morning and needed heavy revision. Usually, he’d reuse the ones from previous years, but the curriculum had added a new part to the unit. It was an excellent addition to the curriculum, but it also meant Dean had to rearrange some of the planning in order to incorporate the new stuff.
on the side:
“Holy
Castiel blinked. “What? I’m sorry.”
“Seriously though, thanks a million, Cas,” Dean said softly, straightening up and wincing slightly at the twinge in his knee. “I really appreciate it.”
Oh, Dean....
“Yeah, uh, thanks,” Dean answered, attempting to pat down the damp strands on top of his head.
I swear she didn’t even have a soul.” She shuddered. “But you and Castiel work well together?”
Charlie merely looked at him, chewing the cookie. “So?” she asked.
Charlie enthusiastically waved them over when she saw them approaching, nearly dropping the fried food she was holding. Gilda caught the plate, fighting down a smile.
Dean grinned at him. Petunia nuzzled into his palm “And for the good company.”
Dean felt his cheeks pink more than they already were. “I—shit, maybe I did,” he groaned, letting his head fall on Castiel’s shoulder. His shirt was soft under Dean’s cheek, and Dean felt the vibrations of his laugh melt into his body. “Sorry.”
“No, it’s okay,” Castiel said, straightening out his pile of folders. “What would you like to know?”
Dean laughed, slowly stroking the cat’s fur and watching Castiel ladle steaming hot chocolate into two mugs. “I’ll be in the living room,” he said. Castiel hummed a response.
They really didn’t take as long to get through once he’d gotten a decent rhythm going—nervous parents, staff notices, last-minute spreadsheets and reminders.
was also hilarious, which sort of ruined the lovely post-coital glow they had going on when Dean told him.
Now, though….
“So,” Dean said, after setting Krissy Chamber’s file on the growing stack beside him. “Tell me about yourself, Cas.”
Charlie’s phone buzzed. “Gilda,” she said in answer to Dean’s questioning expression, hopping off the desks and answering the call.
dude, I didn’t think it was
“Oh, of course,” Castiel sighed, biting the carrot off his fork. “They get saved at the last minute.”
,” he said, wrapping the dough and dusting his hands off. “Not to mention the damn
Castiel glared at him. “It’s raining,” He said. Dean nodded enthusiastically.
“Does he live close by?”
He closed the Gmail browser just as the clock ticked past two p.m., letting out a long sigh of relief and slumping down in his chair. Emails were
“Do you know them well?” Castiel asked.
“Together?” Castiel offered, rolling onto his stomach and propping himself up on his elbows.
Castiel can’t see his face, but he knows Dean is smiling.
Cas was gazing back at Dean, sleepy-eyed, lips parted just a little, hair rumpled on top and pressed flat from where it squished against the sofa pillow. His cheeks were pink, and the dancing glimmer in his eyes shone bright from the firelight and something purely
Dean let out a sigh of relief, glancing down the hallway to see Ellen walking towards him. She waved, and Dean mouthed a relieved
“Yes.”
Sam blinked. “I’ve got the rest of the series,” he repeated. “Were you… not… listening?”
alright.
It was one of the most difficult things Dean had done to date, and he’d had to explain institutionalized racism to Kansas rednecks.
jokes I’ve heard
Dean swore, slipping and falling into the snow when he tried to turn to catch up. The rooster glared triumphantly from his new perch, looking like a tiny, feathery gargoyle.
“When did you know?”
“Bobby?” Castiel asked curiously, pushing himself back to his feet as well.
Dean shrugged. “Sure. Anything we gotta do before then?”
“Uhm—yes,” Castiel answered, “I switched from junior high."
the nagging voice in his head whispered.
“If we’re going by maturity level, students.”
“Only if you get that skill set back,” Dean replied with a wink.
Dean immediately missed the warmth, feeling his body sway slightly into the now-empty space. The feeling in his abdomen guttered out as quickly as it’d come. He blinked a few times, giving his head a little shake and finished washing the mug.
shaped cookies off the plate and took a bite. “Oops,” she mumbled.
Dean eyed the short stack with distaste. “Should we just save ‘em for tomorrow?”
Jo also brought a second bottle of champagne. “You never know when you’re gonna need it,” she said innocently, shoving both in the ice-filled cooler to chill.
It wouldn’t have been
Castiel ducked his head to hide his smile. Dean was laughing beside him, face still red from moments earlier, one arm slung around the back of Castiel’s booth seat. Benny and Garth were both chuckling, Donna attempting to convince Jody and Jo that seventh graders really
Castiel sighed, moving Petunia’s tail away from the fire before it got too close. “We can finish
“Yes, Dean, it’s called Samhain, and, like most Pagan holidays, was stolen by the Christian church and rebranded as their own,” Castiel grumbled, pushing himself more upright. The tiredness hadn’t left his face, but there was a lighter glint in his eyes.
The holiday itself went about as Dean predicted: everyone gorged themselves on Ellen and Dean’s cooking (nobody else was allowed in the kitchen during Thanksgiving prep; Sam tried once and nearly got his hair shorn off by Ellen wielding a pair of scissors), Jo and Dean goaded each other into death-threat territory, and everyone was tipsy halfway through dinner.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah.”
Dean groaned, feeling Cas’s legs tighten around him and pull him close. “Cas, sweetheart—” he said, breathless, hands under Cas’s shirt and running up and down his sides.
“Who told you about that?”
“It’s korma. The naan is homemade,” Castiel said, folding his legs underneath him and peering over Dean’s shoulder at the paper.
“I forgot you were a morning person,” Dean said, his own voice a hoarse, raspy mess.
A few minutes later, they were seated across from each other on the cool tile floor, due to the binder-occupied table and chairs. “I’m setting up file cabinets,” Castiel said, rummaging through a box at his elbow. “I’ve got the roster—the principal got them over to me this morning—and I need to label a file for each student.”
“Well, it’s about fucking
“Mhm-hmff.”
Dean chuckled, getting up to set his empty bowl in the sink.
“Uh,” Dean dried his hands and clicked his Spotify on again, and Queen’s
packs, and we end up rewatching the same shitty 80’s horrors.”
at sorting files.”
Cas nodded, his laugh a soft rumble.
Jo glared at him. “Shut it.”
Dean huffed a laugh.
Dean’s face fell into a grin.
The new guy was still working away in his classroom when Dean stepped out of his own to lock up, the faint sounds of cabinets opening and binders snapping shut and soft music playing—The Beatles, Dean thought—drifting through the partially open door.
Castiel laughed.
The end of October blew in with blustering winds and an uptick in work, meaning Dean and Castiel were spending close to every weekend together, hunched over papers or melting their eyeballs staring at PowerPoints. But hey, Dean wasn’t complaining. After Autumn Fest, most of their grading sessions were less “strictly business” and more something Dean looked forward to on Sundays.
The frosty glare Castiel gave him could’ve frozen the damn Sahara.
“Yes, please, that would be wonderful,” Castiel said, handing Dean a roll of tape and a massive poster of the periodic table.
Castiel blinked. “Oh. I hadn’t noticed that.”
in his spine. “Could use a break, though; I’ve been cleaning all morning.”
“I can’t remember the new guy’s first name, though—it’s something wonky.” Charlie said.
Dean overheard multiple students talking animatedly about their plans for the coming evening. He’d known he wouldn’t get
“Yes?” Castiel answered, low and dangerous-sounding.
and his stupid stubborn ass nearly froze his nuts off.
Dean paused the movie. “You expect her to?”
And as fast at it’d begun, the first month of school faded away in the rearview mirror as August melted into September. Charlie roped Dean into going to a Renaissance fair two hours away (which genuinely enjoyed—not that he’d admit it, though), Castiel seemed to be settling into the high school environment, and Dean settled into the same comfortable rhythm he had every year.
Jess thwacked him with her napkin from across the table. “Hey, we’re trying to help. Don’t be a bitch.”
“You got a death wish or something?"
He sighed, lathering his hair up before scrubbing his body clean.
Dean snorted, passing the second plate over. “What, gay vampires in the eighties?”
Needless to say, Dean was not a morning person.
“So, any plans today?” he asked, sitting down across from Castiel and snagging one of the pieces of toast off his plate.
Dean thought for a moment. “Where’d you move here from? You said you used to work at the middle school?”
His hand looked warm, rough in some places and soft in others, and very, very real.
Dean huffed a laugh. “You read too much fanfic. Wait, who told you that?”
“Shut up,” Castiel tossed the pillow back, grinning. “And I never said I
“I think I was passive-aggressively insulted nearly every day,” Castiel said, frowning. “Either that, or flirted with—are you alright, Dean?"
Cas rubbed one side of his face, his eyes watering when he pressed his palms into them. “We might as well, I have to stay up anyways,” he said, pushing himself into a more upright position.
He absolutely did not poke and prod and investigate his emotions.
—to know if….” he paused, a reddish tinge building in his cheeks. He looked like he was chewing his words; he was leaning away from Dean now, pulling himself upright and schooling his face into seriousness. “If you meant it,” he said, finally, determinately keeping his eyes from Dean’s.
“Yes, I could tell you were inebriated,” Castiel commented, and Dean let out a small laugh. “But—Dean, I want—I
“I believe I do.”
He set their bowls of wet food on the floor, sighing when both cats lunged forwards and chowed down like they hadn’t seen food for days. “You’re going to make yourselves sick,” he murmured, microwaving his own dinner and pulling his phone out to text Dean.
Alex just shrugged, hiding a smile and situating her legs under herself a bit better. “That means I get champagne, right?” she asked innocently.
“You wish.”
much done today, but he’d underestimated the shortness of his students’ attention spans.
He was flipping them in deft circles around one finger, catching them in his palm before tossing them around again. Their faint clinking echoed in the quiet stairwell.Castiel blew a puff of air out. “More tolerable than middle schoolers.”
“You,” Jo said, looping an arm around Alex, “are my new favorite person.”
"You must understand why I can't intercede. Prophets are very special. They're protected," Castiel began.
"Of course I miss him!" Dean scoffed, like it was the simplest thing in the world. "He's my brother. But sometimes..." Dean shook his head. "Sometimes I regret dragging him back into this life, you know? I could have just left him there at Stanford, let him get his law degree, marry Jessica. She seemed nice.
"Hello, Dean," he greeted, perhaps a bit later than he should have.
Stung, but still determined, Castiel stepped closer. "If not the Plan, then me," he pleaded. "As your friend, I ask that you trust me."
warned her. And now Dean was angry with him. This wouldn't do at all.
Enraged, Dean cried out and swung the knife in his hand around to stab Alastair in the stomach, only it was no longer Alastair standing behind him. It was Sam, his eyes glazed over and yellow. The water stopped dripping. "I knew you were weak," he said, withdrawing the knife and rearing back to return the favor. He didn't get the chance before Castiel leapt in front of Dean, the knife and Sam passing through him harmlessly and vanishing like smoke.
"You broke the devil's trap, set Alastair on Dean," Castiel growled, memories of Dean's broken and bloody face still fresh in his mind. He wanted to break something now, too. Something white-hot coiled in his chest, shaking in anticipation to strike.
Dean's face hardened, and he stepped forward. Castiel found he had to look away from the intensity of his gaze, and for the first time, he understood the discomfort of having "personal space" invaded. "You have tested me and thrown me every which way, and I have
"Who?"
"Huh," Dean said, a little stunned. "I guess not
"I'm sorry, what?"
"You don't understand. I cannot fight with you," he protested. "I cannot return to Heaven. My Grace, something is wrong with it."
"Want it, no." Castiel paused. "I told you before that the last this I would want is for you to be hurt," he admitted, softly, as if lowering his voice would keep the other angels from overhearing and understanding the gravity of what he'd said. "But I've been told we need it."
"You two need to be more careful," he admonished.
But his overall fascination with God's lesser creatures was magnified tenfold when it came to Dean Winchester, and not simply because of the glorious destiny he had yet to fulfill. He was not vain enough to presume ownership over any soul, but it had been Castiel who had first spotted him in Hell, scarred and broken as he was. It was Castiel's mark he now bore and saw in his reflection. If not ownership, then it was perhaps responsibility he felt for the man. He wanted him to be safe.
"Friends from the dungeon, as well as recent converts to our cause."
"Why? Because you can see my soul?" he shot back.
Dean, who angered easily but showed mercy even at the most impractical of times. Dean, who defied Heaven yet prayed to Castiel. Dean, who was stubborn and dangerous and brilliant and so utterly beautiful in his imperfections that, glorious destiny or not, Castiel had no doubt that this was one of his Father's greatest creations, that the Hand of God was at work through him.
"Each time you prayed for mercy that was not in our power to give," Naomi continued, "and each time you made a choice that would alter the hand of fate. We did not allow it, and you were brought here to me. We are not meant to make choices, Castiel. Free will is not in our nature."
"What about me?"
Well, he didn't say those words exactly. The actual phrase was in Enochian. And he didn't so much say it as broadcast it over a celestial wavelength.
"He means Dean," Anna supplied, rolling her eyes.
"How can you say that? I mean, look at yourself!" Dean gestured toward him, but Castiel could see nothing wrong with his current physical appearance. "You're a fallen angel riding in the front seat of a forty year old car all because I threw a fit about flying."
Castiel only latched onto the first question. "You've had this nightmare before?"
"I only killed the ones who said 'no.' Others have joined me, Cas. Now please brother, don't fight me. Help me." Castiel leveled a glare at him. He'd lost the chance to call him brother when he had killed their family, leaving their bodies empty and bloody on the side of the road. "All you have to do is be unafraid."
angels are dicks."
"Maine," Castiel said, trying not to let the relief show in his voice. "Let's go." He held up two fingers and raised them to Dean's forehead, but he abruptly flinched away.
"And how exactly does that give you more insight into who I am than I do, huh? You ever think you're just deluding yourself into seeing what you want to? Because of God's Plan?" Castiel, once again, was at a loss on how to respond, and slowly, he sat back down in his chair. "Well, I guess I'm not the man either of our dads wanted me to be."
Anna fluttered away, and he was left alone with the screams. He ought to feel better about himself now. But something inside him had started hurting and just wouldn't stop.
"I don't know."
This was for the best, he tried to remind himself. This way they all lived. This way the world got paradise.
Something was wrong, however, he realized almost immediately after suddenly reforming. Jimmy was gone, for one thing, even if he still inhabited his recreated body. That sort of thing happens when one is vaporized beyond even an angel's capability to heal. But beyond the absence of his vessel's soul, his mind was extraordinarily, stiflingly silent.
"So if a Prophet was in the same room as a demon?"
"Well, yeah, but-"
Anna narrowed her eyes. "It's a start."
"Good," Dean said with a nod. "Then go find him."
"I did."
Dean exhaled slowly, and Castiel remembered him spitting the words "Daddy's little soldier" at him all those weeks ago. He heard them as clearly now as he did then, even if Dean didn't say them. "You ask me to open that door and walk through it? You will not like what walks back out."
"I do not require any sustenance," Castiel informed him, though the offer had been thoughtful.
"Oh, come on, Cas!"
"Sentimentality, perhaps," Castiel answered with a shrug.
Castiel glanced down at his conspicuously dry attire. He must have cleaned himself up unconsciously. Months of maintaining a human appearance had made such small miracles second nature to him. "I'm an angel," he responded dumbly.
"Well, at least we would be suffering together," he joked, deadpan.
"I don't know."
Castiel reined in his patience and the urge to roll his eyes. "It's not God. It's someone else," he explained.
"Do you know where he is?" Castiel felt a little guilty for prying, but losing track of Sam wasn't exactly helpful to their situation.
His superiors had been right in stopping him before he could tell Dean the truth. His reaction here was evidence enough of that. If he had known before pledging allegiance, being backed into a corner, it was very likely the Plan would not come to pass.
a little bitch?" he asked incredulously.
Dean moved so that he once again filled Castiel's vision, and he fought to keep a stoic expression. This was a test, not just for Dean but for himself, to see if he could keep Dean at arm's length. Dean was making that extraordinarily difficult, even after all of his insistence on personal space.
"What gave it away?" Dean sneered.
." Anna let the word hang in the air, frozen between them. "You wanted him to take the right path. You know what it is to think and to feel no matter how wrong Heaven says it is. You just need to let go."
"Um, yes? Both. But about that last part...I, uh, I shouldn't have...I just assumed..."
Castiel did not flinch away from the threat. Dean was shaking, scared, and looking to fight something so that he wouldn't have to be. "You think that if others knew what you have done, they will look at you differently. Is that it?"
"Information."
Castiel waited, holding his breath as Dean searched his face carefully. It stung a bit, that there was still a lot of trust to be mended between them, but he supposed it was understandable. Finally, he offered up a smile. "Alright. Fine. Where is he?"
Dean opened his mouth, apparently to protest, only for the Impala to hit a particularly deep pool of water on the uneven road and be sent skidding for several seconds. Castiel realized he was shaking once Dean regained control of the vehicle and was seriously starting to reconsider his choice. "Shit!" Dean swore, thumping a hand on the steering wheel. "That's it!"
Sam nodded at this. "Good. Cuz you were kinda...everywhere...last we saw." Dean visibly shuddered at whatever memory this conjured up, and Castiel figured it was probably better not to ask.
He should be irritated, but instead Castiel smiled. "I'll consider it," he told Dean. They continued to sit in silence, watching the carefully recreated world in Dean's head, until he woke up.
"Your sympathies?"
"Naomi's dead."
No. He had to have
. His favorites. Swining, puking larvae."
"How am I supposed to do that?" he asked. "He may have brought me back, but no one has actually seen or heard from him in millennia."
"I know it."
For hours, Castiel waited for one of his superiors to figure out what he had done, to come down on him with Heaven's wrath. But no one ever came. And more and more he was becoming confident that he had made the right choice.
"I have been nothing but faithful!" he replied defensively.
"Wow." Dean paced the floor slowly, considering. Castiel's eyes followed him, transfixed. "Well, last night on earth. What, uh, what are your plans?" Dean looked at him expectantly, but Castiel wasn't quite sure what kind of answer he might be fishing for.
Dean's eyebrows shot up. "Any chance I could get
Castiel was grateful for the darkness and for the seats in between them for hiding his immediate reaction. After burying his shock and embarrassment and intrigue and even more embarrassment at the intrigue, he thought hard over his answer. "Well," he replied, swallowing his nerves, "I'd say you'd at least have to buy me dinner first."
you to join me. I still do. With you we can be powerful enough to raise our brother."
Dean jerked back, as though he'd been struck, but Castiel remained steady. "I can deal with the sad puppy pity looks," he bit out, somewhat unconvincingly. "Been dealing with them my whole life. I can deal with people being afraid of me. But if they saw...if they knew how I broke...the things I've done..." He clenched and unclenched his fists anxiously at his sides. "They wouldn't understand, Cas.
The first thing he noticed was the sound. Inside the Bunker, it’s a background white noise, but outside it’s a cacophony of drumming, of wind and the soft
Dean thought he knew Castiel rather well, considering how much time they spent together. There were things he’d picked up over the months. For example, Castiel preferred Columbian coffee to French roast. He didn’t like overly-crispy bacon, preferring it crunchy just around the edges. He mumbled things from encyclopedias and dictionaries and The Economist when he napped (Dean wasn’t the only one falling asleep during Saturday work sessions), most commonly something from the most recent environmental article he’d read. He liked baking more than cooking.
“C’mon, c’mon—yes!” The engine rumbled to life. “Atta girl,” Dean said proudly, patting the dashboard and cranking the heat, the Legos rattling nostalgically in the heat vents. “That’s it. Okay, let’s go.”
Dean tackled Castiel into the snow again, kissing him deep and earning two freezing hands up his shirt. Dean yelped, Castiel cackled and yanked him in for another kiss.
Shit. So it
Dean nodded slowly, lifting his beer to his lips.
Before John died, it was a stiff, strange holiday that ended up fading into a day of “Merry Christmas—here’s a gift. See you in a week or three.” Now, though, it was Dean, Sam, Jess, and Mary spending a few days together, drinking eggnog and feeling like a real family should during the “Happiest Time Of The Year!”
5 Messages from: Cas
Dean opened his eyes, peering at the blurry ceiling again.
They moved together, pressing kisses to foreheads and whispering declarations to each other, swallowing groans in their mouth, sucking bruises on necks and collarbones, legs around waists and hands clasped beneath the sheets.
She was also the only faculty member able to get away with wearing graphic tees and jeans, due to her
Dean was coughing, wiping his face after choking on his drink. “Yeah,” he gasped. Charlie, grinning, tossed a napkin at him, and Jo thumped him heavily between the shoulder blades. “I’m—ow, Jo—good. Peachy.” He wheezed, dabbing at the spilled beer on his shirt. “They
He patted the dough and opened the fridge door, setting it gently by the other round of pastry. “Many people get discouraged when something does not turn out right the first time, and they move on without giving themselves the chance to improve and grow,” he continued, grabbing a dish towel and beginning to wipe down the floury countertop. “You cannot expect greatness of yourself if you do not give yourself the chance to be great,” he finished, tossing the towel onto the counter.
text before he dozed off, and fell asleep smushed against the pillow, one hand on his silent phone, patiently waiting for a reply.
) when his phone buzzed with a text from Charlie.
fling this into your hair.”
done?”
Dean dropped the textbook he was holding. “Your
He was right about recognizing roughly half the kids on the list: he’d taught them—or heard other teachers talk about them—within the past years he’d been teaching. The minutes passed in comfortable, pen-scratching quiet,
“Dean—” Castiel began, but right then—
and ‘thank-yous’  and ‘see you next weeks’ preceding them leaving.
Dean shrugged, scooping up a bite of his breakfast. “I’m here, aren’t I? Might as well.”
His phone blipped again while he was trying to wrangle his thoughts in order.
He groaned, smushing his face further into his pillow. “Fuck.”
And so, two hours later, Dean found himself standing awkwardly in the doorway of Marcy’s room (another thing—the snake had her own damn bedroom, too), wondering for the third time that day how his life had turned into…
Like he didn’t want Dean to leave.
to lean in then, close those few inches between them and brush one small kiss onto Castiel’s lips.
outta you, bud,” she told it happily.
Dean swallowed and took a swig of his drink. “Nope.”
he thought, thumbing at the bared skin of Cas’s waist, his lips being tugged and bitten and sucked. He kissed a line down his neck, feeling Castiel’s hands tighten in his hair, nipping and biting marks into the soft skin. He felt like a teenager again, making out on the kitchen counter, a little more than half-hard in his boxers—
“Generally, yes,” Castiel answered, looking fondly at the thing in his arms. “Nobody else will, so why shouldn’t I?”
The photo was dated in mid-October, from the Saturday Dean had dragged Castiel to FallFest. He and Cas were in the pumpkin patch, standing only a few inches apart, and Dean was smiling at something that must’ve been hilarious, eyes on the pumpkin in his hands. Castiel was standing close beside him, clutching his own wonky pumpkin, grinning and laughing along just as hard, but his eyes were on Dean’s face. He was watching Dean, angled towards him and looking almost… hopeful.
(Or, well,
“My uncle,” Dean answered, grabbing his phone from the desk and slipping it into his pocket. “Well—good family friend, anyways. There anything else you need before I head out?”
season finale from the previous night.
“If this is a ploy to get me to be more social things—” Castiel warned, setting his pen down.
“Mm-hm.” Sam repeated. “So, Jess and I in my car, Charlie and Gilda in theirs, and you and Castiel—”
“Be nice,” Ellen called from the kitchen. Dean sighed.
He stared at his phone, barely believing his luck. Then he rolled out of bed, shivering, and heaved a duffle from under the bed, stuffing random clothing articles into it and grabbing his phone to text Castiel back.
Castiel nudged him towards the guest room, a warm palm on the middle of his back to steady him.
Dean smiled. “She tell you anything ‘bout me?”
It might’ve been four years ago, but Dean still avoided that side of the room.
“It’s…beautiful, Dean.” Castiel had managed at last, his voice hoarse. He could feel tears in his eyes, washed away by the rain. “Thank you.”
—whereas Cas had an empty third instead. He grumbled about it to Dean for a solid quarter of an hour, belaboring the uselessness of what was
He flicked the lights on and watched the LEDs wobble to life with a buzzing
Dean raised his eyebrows, smiling cheekily.
Castiel blinked. “Okay."
Dean sighed to himself, hanging his jacket on its peg and tossing the borrowed gloves in the designated basket.
“Yes, Dean?”
Dean didn’t expect her to.
“I was planning on doing so. Could you, uh...”
Dean watched him from collecting eggs from the other coop, his chest clenching a little watching Cas compliment one of the chickens on her feather patterns.
“What if he does?” Sam looked imploringly across the counter, shaking parmesan on his own plate of pasta.
“On this week’s episode of
to work today.” He set his fork down for emphasis, looking incredulously at his brother. “Because his boa, Marcy—according to Cas she’s really sweet, which is possible, apparently—had a bad shed—something about humidity, I dunno—and he had to give her a bath.” He grinned, picking up his fork again and resuming his noodle-twirling, remembering Castiel telling him over lunch about the struggles of trying to contain a grumpy seven-foot constrictor in a bathtub. “ So I figured a fun weekend would be nice. Because,” he said, punctuating the word with a jab of his spaghetti-laden fork at Sam, “it’s what
“Yes,” Castiel moaned, slumping down into his chair.
He slid into Baby’s leather interior, breathing in the familiar smell and letting out a deep, slow breath.
“Uh-huh,” Charlie said absently, checking her nails.
Dean swallowed.
Castiel didn’t look up from the recipe book. “Would you rather make the pie crust or the filling?”
Dean had his own work to do over the weekend: his Civics and Economics class had one last test before Thanksgiving break and he’d planned to finish the review guides over the weekend. Then there were the standard US History classes, which had progress assessments in the coming weeks, and the DBQ prep questions for the Advanced Placement courses.
Castiel’s expression of shock broke into one of amusement and he started laughing. “Sorry,” he said, still smiling, “but that’s rather ridiculous.”
Dean couldn’t wait.
They reached the back door and shuffled inside, kicking slush off their boots.
“Right, yeah—”
Dean swallowed. “Okay.”
Novak—wasn’t a total dick.
” Jody chimed in. “Especially to handsome, young male teachers.”
From what Dean had heard from other teachers—notably, Adler and Crowley—the exact opposite applied. Then again, Adler and Crowley were notorious dicks in general.
Needless to say, he and Cas had mutually agreed to keep their personal relationship away from their work relationship.
Castiel had looked at him, frowning. “What?” he asked suspiciously.
He woke up with a pounding headache, churning stomach, and eyes throbbing from the sunlight shining through the window.
Mary shrugged. “Maybe. Still tastes damn good, though. Oh, you might want to check your phone, too,” she added casually. “A certain someone’s been texting you a good few times.”
“Just past eleven.”
“If you’re ready to go, I’ll walk you out. I just got to lock up,” Dean said, and Castiel heard his footsteps heading across the hall and the loud
He nearly dropped his phone onto his breakfast. “Oh.”
Attached were a bunch of other pictures, not just of Cleo and Petunia, but of the chickens and Marcy, as well.
By “slammed with grading,” Dean meant one of the other Earth Science teachers needed someone to finish grading the rest of her students’ papers, courtesy of a family emergency up in Vermont. Cas, being Cas, had immediately offered to finish grading twenty-five extra papers, on top of the ones from
“Cas ain’t here yet. He call in sick or somethin’?” Dean asked, trying to keep the panic out of his voice and failing miserably.
Dean groaned. “Geez, you’re as bad as Sam with this shit. It ain’t like that.”
“Cas? Oh, Mister Novak!” Donna replied, “Yeah, I just got off the phone with him, he had a family emergency this mornin’. Ellen’s on her way to cover till he gets here.”
Dean kicked his boots off and wound his way through the labyrinth, setting the craft brews and his school bag by the armchair. “The Office? Dude, come on.”
Dean grudgingly pulled his legs out of the way before they got sat on. “I want my house key back,” he mumbled, but he took the fork and dug a chunk of pie out of the tin.
and more
The cat perched above them on the counter, purring.
Dean sighed. “Sam got me a little bisexual flag thing after I came out. Well, tumbled gracelessly from the closet. Anyway, yeah.” He jangled the keys for emphasis.
shifted last night, though. Into what, Dean didn’t really know.
Castiel sighed and wiped his face again, blinking the sleepiness away. “Claire might call.”
“Yeah, no problem.”
part of his brain.
Dean paused in the doorway. “Shower’s free.”
Dean had resumed his regular spot on Castiel’s living room couch, laptop and papers arranged around himself as he worked through his second block’s United States History.
Sam called him less than ten seconds later.
Dean flushed and turned back to the TV, grinning in spite of himself. “Screw you, man.”
Dean frowned. “She goes to you for backup instead of her parents?”
Castiel:
A few minutes later, they were cradling mugs of hot chocolate, shoulder to shoulder with blankets draped over their laps, watching the embers in the fireplace glow and shift into shades of orange and red and white—no longer a crackling, lively dance of flames.
Castiel felt a twinge of guilt. Was he not doing the same thing, dragging Dean into his own family's mess? He supposed it was a little late to be sorry for it now. "It's not your fault," he tried to assure Dean. "Azazel would have come for him eventually. I think it might have been worse if you weren't there."
Castiel gave a shy smile and Dean turned towards the door, giving a short wave farewell.
Well, he might. He just didn’t want to be wrong.
Which was….probably close to a week or two, considering the amount of outages reported.
were real.
Cleocatra purred proudly beside him, batting a piece of egg white off his stationary fork.
done, then?”
The conversation fizzled, and Dean was left casting around for something else to say. “How’s the room setup going?”
He sent a reply back to her and three minutes later, an email containing a
“Wanna watch shitty horror movies and get drunk instead of handing out candy?”
The pumpkin looked even worse up close—the orange coloring was dull and blotchy, the stem twisted around in knots and sinking into the top of the pumpkin. It wasn’t evenly shaped all the way around, slouching to one side with large divots and creases, bulging at odd places and caving in on itself in others. It looked like a sad, half-filled bean bag.
“‘Pologies,” Dean mumbled around his bacon.
“Drunk words are sober thoughts?” he tried.
Oh, rooster. Right.
he wondered how, in all the universes to exist, he managed to land in this one, with Cas. The light from the television illuminated his profile, the rest in shadow cast by the dimmed living room lights.
“It’s on the list, don’t worry.”
It never was.
Jess introduced herself next, with a bright smile and a side-hug before they set off down the packed sidewalk.
“Sorry.”
“Your BAC level was!” Dean heard Castiel retort, and then, a bit softer, “Please, Claire. Just be safe.”
“See?” Charlie said softly, taking her phone back. “It’s all in his eyes.”
His lips were also chapped.
“He doesn’t—”
The day before Back To School Night found them back in Castiel’s classroom, going over what felt like everything for the hundredth time. On one side of his desk, Castiel was revising his seating chart and roster for what felt like the fifth time that day. Dean was at the other, scribbling down a list of last-minute supplies.
A full ten seconds of silence passed.
Sam cracked the top off a beer and passed it over. “How long was he in Illinois for?”
December was a melting pot of stress and anticipation; exams were set for the week before winter break, meaning Dean and Castiel’s regularly-scheduled Saturdays returned to silent, work-laden hours hunched over papers and screens.
“Yeah, since I’m freezing my ass off and he’s got a generator or whatever the fuck.”
Dean passed Castiel one of the plates to dry. “Yeah, well, every knight’s gotta save a princess.”
“Alright,” Dean said, scooping liberal amounts of sugar onto his oatmeal.  “What d’you want me to do?”
Dean cleared his throat, blaming the warmth in his cheeks on the fire’s heat. “So, uh, can I shower?” he asked awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Uh-huh. Can’t wait for the undermining to begin.”
Castiel lifted the hide out of the tank and set it on the ground. “Hello, Marcy,” he murmured, reaching into the tank to pat her scales. “How are you? I need to clean your tank today; I know, I’m terribly sorry you have to move,” he said, speaking as though Marcy was a person rather than an animal. “But I have a friend here to help. If that’s alright with you?”
“The… red one. Ink, not gel. No cap. It does the clicky thing.”
Dean glanced  at the clock, slightly surprised to see the hands pointing past twelve-thirty. He turned back to Charlie, eyebrows raised. “Do you?”
I already stripped down to my underwear to mention this? Perv." There was no anger in his tone, however, only exasperated fondness.
It suddenly occurred to Castiel that he hadn't told the Winchesters anything that had happened with Heaven post his escape from Naomi. "I freed Anna from Heaven's dungeon; granted, it was the least I could do, since I'm the one who put her there. She recruited other angels who thought as we do, that humanity deserves to be protected. They are waging an insurrection against Michael and Raphael's forces."
He had well and truly Fallen.
"My apologies," murmured Castiel. "As you've so
He found himself in a long hall lined with prison cells. Each one of them was full, as Heaven was perfect in its planning and would never have too many or too little for the angels needing to be contained. He sifted through the voices and the Graces present until picking up on one that was all too familiar, and he swiftly followed it to the source.
Castiel could not meet his eyes. "Among other things," he admitted. "You are still angry with me."
Castiel pictured Dean dying with him being powerless to stop it, and he realized he had a new fear.
"Bang up job on that introduction, by the way," Dean needled. "Kid prays to you his entire life and all you say to him is 'hey, look, it's the freak with demon blood?'"
"What about you?"
"Apology accepted, Dean," Castiel cut him off. His shoulders visibly sagged with relief. "I am also sorry for leading you to assume that our conversations are entirely private. I hope this does not make you more uncomfortable to call on me in the future, should you have any need to."
Naomi rolled her eyes. "Oh please, Castiel, they are
"It gets worse," she told him, soft and understanding. "Choosing your own course of action, it's confusing, terrifying." She placed a hand on his shoulder in what was meant to be a comforting gesture, but he had to try his best not to shrug it off, to not listen to the voice in his head still screaming that what he was doing was against his very nature. This did not go unnoticed by Anna. "That's right. You're too good for my help. I'm just trash, a walking blasphemy."
"If you want our help, why the hell didn't you just ask?" Dean asked sullenly.
"You can do that?"
Not even the blink of an eye for Castiel, an angel. A being who witnessed the birth of creation. Who crafted constellations across the universe and watched them each burn out in their own time. Who saw the rise and fall of countless civilizations, great and small, across the globe.
"I got an angel to use sarcasm. Can I go to Hell for that? Again?"
"You're different," Castiel told him, turning to look him in the eyes.
"And Fall? Like you?" he spat.
Dean's eyes snapped back up. "Well, don't sugarcoat it for me, Cas."
The silence was Hell.
Still, he bowed his head to at least look the part, gazing down at the amulet he rolled around in his hands, as if imprinting its shape into the lines of his palms would give him some other clue or sign. It stayed frustratingly mysterious, the only glow coming from the rainbow reflection of the light streaming through the stained glass windows.
"You mean to tell me that you could have magicked me dry this whole time?" Castiel nodded. "And you waited until
"Anna, I need to get back to Dean," he said urgently.
Dean actually did punch him this time. He figured he probably deserved that. No, he definitely deserved that. And worse. He only wished that it had actually hurt.
Dean shook his head wearily. "Anna was right; being an angel must suck. I almost feel bad for you."
Castiel saw Dean, pinned and stretched out on the rack before his torturer, but seeing him was all he could do, strangely enough. He could recognize his face, or rather, what was left of it, but he couldn't feel the soul underneath or the pulse of life that should be emanating from him. No, this Dean was well and truly dead, eyes clouded and unseeing, mouth gaping and hollowed out, limbs twisted at impossible angles, and guts shredded to ribbons and spilling out onto the floor.
"Our cause?"
Dean, meanwhile rifled through a box on the dash full of meticulously organized cassette tapes until he found the one he apparently wanted. He held it up to Castiel, as if he would have any understanding of its meaning. "You cool with this? Or are you gonna bitch about my music like Sam?" he asked.
He tried apologizing, explaining himself again, this time in as soft a voice as he could possibly muster. The building shook, glass rained down upon the room, and once again, Dean Winchester was left covering his ears and diving to the floor, shocked and angrier than ever. He really needed his vessel now before Dean went on to do something phenomenally stupid, as was his wont.
"No. I carved it into your ribs." And it was rather neat work, if he did say so himself.
Well, if that didn't make his cause sound righteous. But the thing was, Castiel had always felt unafraid. In fact, he'd felt nothing. Until now.
"If there was anything worth dying for, this is it."
Dean nodded at this, then grinned in a way that Castiel knew spelled trouble. "Alright," he said with purpose, marching back over to the table to look Castiel in the eyes. "Let me tell you something, there are two things that I know for certain. One: Bert and Ernie are gay. Two: You are
"Play whatever you like," Castiel said, shrugging. At least one of them ought to enjoy the ride.
"What you're asking, it's not within my power to do," Castiel sighed.
"Yes, but you knew that there was a right and a wrong answer there and you
"Good luck," Castiel said in parting. He thought he'd caught Dean winking at him before he flew off. He dismissed it as his own imagination, though he wasn't known for having much of one.
With an outraged cry, Naomi lunged for him, all pretense of order and calm shattering around them. They grappled for a long moment, Naomi's needle inching closer with every swipe, ready to unmake him. She was of a far superior rank to him and with that came unknowable strength, but she was not a soldier, had never fought on the front lines. In that, he had the advantage. One misstep was all it took, and he was able to turn the needle around on her, skewering it through her Grace.
Dean took a deep breath and cast a glance at the door to Bobby's hospital room where he and Sam still waited for them, his expression unreadable. "You know what? Fine," he sad after a long moment, removing the cord from around his neck. He started to lower it into Castiel's waiting hand, but retracted at the last second, leveling him with a hard stare. "Just don't lose it."
Do you hate reading show dialogue as much as I hate transcribing it? If so, I deeply apologize. Once again, a lot of it unfortunately plays a part in the direction this fic is going to go. But we are slowly but surely edging our way into AU territory here folks!
"Crank up the Hell blood regimen," Dean concluded.
He half-turned just to glare at Castiel. "What, in God's Plan?" he said mockingly. "You can take the Plan and shove it up your ass."
Naomi was shaking, the walls of her office distorting in her rage. "Sit down, Castiel. I will not ask a second time."
She took his hand, and Castiel remembered himself and jerked back as though burned. The truth of what she'd said still prickled along his skin and left him raw, but he pushed it away, as he pushed her away. This had to be another test, he thought, and maybe he had faltered with Dean, but that did not mean she could tempt him.
"Yeah, but what about your search for God? Isn't that a little more important than..." He gestured vaguely to their surroundings.
"I guess not," Castiel agreed.
"So why aren't you up there? Was finding God all that important?"
He looked at Dean's soul, as if to reassure himself that such a thing was not possible. It only made him feel worse.
"No," he replied, and Dean sighed with relief. "But I am for what I'm about to tell you."
controlling it, but-"
The next order of business was a body. Preferably, he would have dropped the soul into its original receptacle, dusting his hands off after a job well done, so to speak. But hunters, of which Dean Winchester had been one, had this habit of salting and burning their bodies after death. Practical in their line of work, but it served as a mild irritant in Castiel's situation.
"Hey, Cas?" Dean started, and there was something new and very raw about the way he said his name that sent a jolt through Castiel's body like electricity.
Dean snorted something vaguely amused but unintelligible, and Castiel heard him shift again in the backseat before going completely silent. Castiel spent the rest of the night allowing the sound of the rain to drown out his heart hammering against his ribs.
Dean focused his attention on a knot in the wood by his shoes as he mumbled his reply. "Don't worry about it. I was being a bit of an ass."
have to stop it."
"What do you mean?" Dean had offered to talk about this any time back at the hospital. Apparently that time was now.
"It's an amulet that can be used to track God," Castiel explained.
At least this was an order Castiel had zero qualms with upholding. The protection of Prophets had been one of God's earliest commands, and the names were written inside the memory of every angel. For once, stopping Dean didn't result in questioning his loyalty. An easy job.
And even after that, perhaps what hurt the most was the way that Dean looked at him when they were finally alone, knowingly. "What's going on, Cas? Since when does Uriel put a leash on you?"
"Hello, Castiel," a voice said behind him, and he whirled around, prepared to strike, only to find Anna smiling up at him.
Castiel pressed a slip of paper with an address into Dean's palm. "Meet me here. Go now."
"That's not what I mean," Castiel sighed, as much as he would like to return to their banter, to attempt to regain something of what he had before this mess. He'd already lost one friend, one brother, today. "Uriel is dead."
"Perhaps." She moved back to rejoin her place at the head of the rebellious angels. "But we can at least keep Heaven off your back while you're at work here on earth."
"You need to learn how to manage a damn devil's trap," he shot back, a hollow attempt at humor.
"Excuse me?"
"But you are awake now."
"Is there a reason you decided to pop inside my head?" Dean asked after they had been sitting in companionable silence for quite some time.
Castiel awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck, feeling uncomfortably warm beneath his collar. "Dean, those are my siblings," he protested.
And then there was Dean. Dean still cared, in spite of everything. He wouldn't be so angry right now if he didn't. And Castiel cared about Dean, so much, in fact, that it had become a problem, a mistake he wouldn't be foolish enough to make again. Still, something Dean loved so much couldn't be all bad, could it?
He never got the chance before a rustling in the stalks alerted him to another presence. A man emerged, but beyond his human face, Castiel recognized the familiar glow of his brother's Grace. "Balthazar," he acknowledged. He slipped out his sword warily. "They sent you to kill me?"
Something lit up inside Castiel that he couldn't name, and he found himself smiling. "Are we friends, Dean?" he asked.
"But I got scared," Dean sighed. "It's my fault. Dad was missing, and I needed him or I thought I was gonna fall apart. He got involved in my shit all over again, and the rest is history."
Castiel sighed. Dean chuckled.
that party trick.” he added, picking up his mug of tea.
Dean took a rather large swallow of cider and set the mug down, grumbling at the cold settling in the opening of his blanket wrap and opening his brother’s contact information.
Castiel set his fork down, his cheeks pinking a little. “Um,”
Dean expected the school year to start off with a bang, and it did. The first week was always hectic—if it wasn’t, something was wrong. Students new and old were navigating the hallways, teachers directing them like traffic guards to buildings and classrooms and the like. Schedules got lost, room numbers mixed up, and one kid (some poor freshman) got pushed down the stairs by accident.
It wasn’t like Castiel could say no.
Castiel, still smiling, ducked his head a little. “I thought you might prefer a more comfortable place to stay.”
Sam nodded. “That’s a good one.”
Dean commandeered the United States end of the History department at his high school: Advanced Placement, Honors, Standard, and everything his high school had to offer in between. He mainly dealt with Civics and Economics, Government, and the occasional study hall-slash-hangout room during lunch and free periods, but once he’d gotten his Advanced Placement teaching certification he’d picked up AP United States History as well.
He gazed proudly at the warped pumpkin. “Did you know pumpkins weren’t the original Jack-O’-Lanterns?” he said, looking up at Dean. “Up until the nineteenth century or so, turnips were used instead.”
rather than metals.”
Dean stared at him.
The look Castiel was giving him was one of near-reverence. Dean felt heat rising along his collar. “What?” he mumbled, shuffling through the papers.
“Uh,” Dean started, immediately running out of where to go with his rebuttal. “I mean...I’ve...you know. Flirted. Vaguely.”
“Charles,” Dean mumbled, pressing his fingers into his eyeballs.
Welp, that's it, everyone! I hope you enjoyed this short story--I had a lotta fun writing it. If you wanna, drop a kudos or a comment and I'll send the bestest of vibes your way.
“I mean, I suspected
Dean chuckled, walking alongside Castiel to his car. "Surprised you didn't know. Their adopted daughter, Alex, is a year under Claire."
“Tell him.”
“Gotcha! Okay, Dean—shuffle out as best you can.”
Dean snorted as they reached the bottom of the stairwell. “Are you still coming to the bar later?” he asked, pushing the door open and letting Cas exit first.
one, too, dammit, Jo—safely out of her pinching fingers.
to get up?"
(Yeah, he talked to his belongings. Sue him.)
And of course, he dreamed of blue and green and gold, spinning until they collided into something achingly beautiful.
Not that that had anything to do with anything. Or any one of Dean’s thoughts.
Dean took that as a yes.
“Language, Dean!”
Dean liked Castiel’s home. He’d done a beautiful job renovating it: he’d kept the original floorplan, only refurbishing or replacing what was needed. The cottage was homey and warm, smelled like woodsmoke and honey, and just felt like
“That play—called the fork—” he waggled his utensil at the TV, a bit of sausage just hanging onto the end, “—can be played by any chess piece, not just the knights. Although knights do the most damage.”
with them: listening to their heartbeat and slow inhale-exhale of their lungs, idly stroking the skin beneath their shirt, feeling safe in the net of their arms and knowing they won’t let you go.
Dean jerked out of his thoughts. “Huh? Sorry.”
“Yes.”
“It’s okay.”
Sam rolled his eyes hard enough he’d pass as being possessed. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy you finally got there—” he stood up and started towards the kitchen, still talking. “But we’ve been waiting for
Castiel nodded. “Turnips are more difficult to carve, though. And they look horrifying compared to pumpkins.”
Castiel was watching him with something so pure and loving and reverent; it was in the crease of the small smile on his lips, in his eyebrows, pooling in his beautiful deep blue irises.
“Cas!”
when he said those few words, Dean nearly set his plate down on the floor, scooched his butt across to Cas, and yanked him into a kiss.
“Right. Okay.”
Castiel sat up a bit straighter, as he always did when he was about to explain some weird factoid. “Mirrors used to be made with silver backs, but producers switched to aluminum in the late 1850s. According to most sources, silver burns vampires—or at least weakens them.” He paused to take a sip of his beer, twirling the bottle in his fingers. “According to Bram Stoker’s
(Dean tried not to watch the way his shirt stretched over his chest. He only sort-of succeeded.)
Whenever it rains, he stands outside to watch. He listens to the rolls and rumbles of thunder, letting them wash over him. He loves the steady thrum of it; how the rhythmic sound pulls him under like ocean waves, melting everything else away.
If you had told Dean even a
Jo Harvelle, the PhysEd teacher and women’s softball coach, slid a beer across the table to him with a grin. Garth Fitzgerald—the psychology teacher—reached across the table to shake Castiel’s hand with a broad smile and a firm grip. Jody Mills, the assistant principal, gave him a wink and tipped her beer, Charlie Bradbury waved cheerfully, and Benny Lafitte, the Foods Science teacher, nodded his head with an easy smile.
Castiel looked up. “Yes, Dean, because of work.”
“She’ll be out of the tank.”
times better. This was real, this was
Dean glanced out to make sure she was out of earshot before looking at Castiel again. “What on Earth?”
“Yeah, that’s Charlie.”
He did brighten, however, at the email from Donna, the receptionist, containing a list of possible lunch options. Ever since his first year, he and Donna had spent at least one lunch a week together, generally accompanied by a baked goodie and plenty of gossip (as a receptionist, Donna had the inside scoop on
“It had good reviews!” Dean spluttered.
About an hour later, the smell of pancakes wafted through the kitchen, half of them done and steaming on a plate by Dean’s elbow, and there was bacon sizzling away on a cast iron.
way.”
The air in the room felt thicker. Castiel
“Of course.” Dean replies softly. “I don’t think I’d ever forget. You looked like a kid with free reign in a candy store.”
Halfway through folding the pile of blankets, Dean’s phone buzzed with an incoming call.
“Well yeah, Sam, I just said that three friggin’ times.”
Castiel blinked. “Are you sure?”
Dean almost answered before he realized Castiel was still talking to Marcy.
Dean scrambled to his feet and followed. “The fuck do you mean ‘we’?”
gonna get hammered, but—”
“And I you,” Castiel replied, nodding. “All good things, I promise.”
“You are incorrigible, Dean Winchester,” Castiel stated firmly, but his eyes were alight with laughter.
His gaze shifted down towards the end of the couch, where Castiel had been nodding off against a pillow.
He was skimming over something about picture day when he heard the faint sounds of footsteps and moving boxes from across the hall.
Castiel reappeared, holding two mugs of hot chocolate, the steam barely escaping around dollops of whipped cream on top. “Here,” he said, gently handing Dean his before walking around the couch to join him.
This year would be just like years past, but with a few things different. Cobwebs and dust and dead bugs still lingered in the corners and the window sills, the chairs and desks were still stacked precariously high in the corner, and the air was still stale and old.
“How’d you forget that?” Dean asked, frowning. Because if he knew Cas, he would never forget something so important to his animals as that. They talked about his animals often—his chickens and their egg production, generally—and Castiel spoke of them with such tenderness and care that Dean could hardly believe he’d forgotten something as simple as
“And, obviously, a Star Trek-themed drinking game,” Dean added. “Or whatever Charlie’s into. Two year ago was Stranger Things.”
Anyways--onward!
Donna nodded sympathetically. “Anything else?”
be here: a warm, slightly drunk body next to Dean, using his shoulder as a pillow and probably reciting old Christmas folklore.
“…oh.”
dragons? Sign him the fuck up.
Castiel’s eyes went wide and he sucked in a breath, a million emotions flashing and crashing behind his pupils. His lips parted like he was in awe, or shock, or relief.
ask him out,” she said, pointing her spoon at him. “I’m, like,
“Told you,” Dean said, twirling more noodles. “He’s overworking himself. I honestly don’t think he even
sets.”
“Well,” Dean said as the door clanged shut with a loud
Castiel sighed. “I think you can, in some cases.”
There was a giant snake on his legs and the world didn’t end.
+                             +                         +                             +
Castiel sighed. “Claire, you can have fun without breaking the law.”
“Oh, ‘cause of Arya?” Dean laughed, sliding his hands into oven mitts and retrieving the blind-baked crusts out of the oven. “Yeah, can’t blame you for that one.
Dean could hear every deep, steady breath Castiel took, could feel the heavy, solid body leaning into him and his own yearning rising through his body.
When Dean finally shuffled out of the guest room into the kitchen, drawn out of bed by the smell of fresh coffee, Castiel was already seated at the table, Cleo in his lap and newspaper in hand. He looked up as Dean walked in and smiled sleepily, still dressed in his pajamas.
“Tell me an inappropriate fact,” Dean had said immediately.
“Bye, Samuel.” He heard a short, crackly protest before pressing the
Castiel’s rueful smile didn’t match his eyes.
He could patch up that leak—change the conversation or excuse himself to bed.
Dean shrugged.
Dean slowly rubbed the ceramic between his fingers, terrified and yet yearning so, so much to look into Castiel’s face.
Castiel fell asleep rather easily that night, absolutely drained from the evening. The last thought that drifted across his mind, though, was how nice Dean’s smile was.
Dean grinned. “I’ve got her in AP US History.”
Dean snorted at that, offering a tiny piece of sausage to one of the cats. “It’s the movie industry, Cas, there’s gotta be tension. It’s for the
Castiel didn’t answer, but his slow, deep breathing (and the fact that he was deadweight against Dean’s body) was answer enough.
“Oh fuck off, Winchester,” Jo retorted, her words slightly slurred around the edges, moving Dean’s legs to sit comfortably against the cushions.
His recommendations page was wrecked for the next few weeks.
The rest of the afternoon, Dean shuffled around his slowly-but-surely turning-into-an-icebox house, determinately ignoring his cell and reheating soup and cider. There was a sinking, guilt-made depression in his ribcage no amount of French lentil and toast were filling. His hands felt permanently chilled around whatever heated beverage he was holding, to the point where he had nearly burned himself to gain a bit of feeling in them.
“Aw, you’re embarrassing him!” Charlie said, patting his forearm sympathetically.
“Hey, Cleo,” Dean rasped, leaning over to scratch behind the cat’s ears. Cleo purred, turning so Dean could scratch under her chin.
bad, but this type of written-out question took forever to get through—especially when half the class had unreadable handwriting, or had written three whole pages, or both. (Dean had a knack for deciphering the kind of handwriting that took the phrase “personal font” to a whole new level, but this was almost ridiculous.)
It was strange: Dean had thought constantly being around Cas—always nearby, brushing elbows and slipping gently past each other, shoulder to shoulder on the couch—would make everything so
“He’s such a dumbass,” he sighed fondly to Sam.
He spent more time watching Castiel than the show. Cas was entranced, excitedly commenting on openings or moves or the positions of the pieces. He’d use his fork—usually with food on it—to point out things Dean wouldn't've noticed otherwise.
They were sprawled on the kitchen floor, because why the hell not, rewarding the day’s work with rather large slices of pie. (Hey, Dean was
He shut his phone all the way off and buried himself farther into his blankets, letting out a long (only slightly regretful) sigh and picking up his book again.
of the light switch flicking off. He joined Dean in the hall and they set off together towards the stairs, the hallways feeling more empty than usual after the constant motion. Some of the other teachers waved goodbye while getting ready to head home, bidding ‘good nights’ and ‘good lucks.’
“Mmm?”
Castiel was still bent over his work, the faint
“Meh,” Dean mumbled, “I watch it for Michael.” He saw Cas’s eyebrows jump in his peripheral vision. “What? I can’t watch a movie for one hot dude?”
should’ve. Wow—Cas, you are a
territory. That was for Future Dean to deal with. Right now, though, Dean had a different problem.
Castiel raised a wary eyebrow. “Then what is it?”
of the cards falling from their arch. “It doesn’t get more complicated than this, does it?’
you thinking.”
He sighed, picked up his bookmark and set
Dean sipped his beer. “Why?”
It was
The first thing Dean did was pull out a framed photograph of him and Castiel, bright smiles on their faces and arms around each other, and position it right by the monitor.
own jeans,” Dean said with a grin. Castiel rolled his eyes, smiling, and slung his backpack over his shoulder.
Stretched out on the sofa, warmed by the crackling fireplace and the whiskey in his hand, Dean tried to ignore the incompleteness whacking a dent in his chest, because he knew
With the low-lit haziness of the Roadhouse, along with the friendly warmth from his fellow coworkers and the alcohol settling in his system, Castiel felt the last of his nerves dissipating, replaced by a content, welcome sense in his abdomen.
Fuck, he felt like he might
heyo again, little chapter thingy here: At the beginning of this chapter, there are mentions of recreational marijuana usage. That's it, though! Have fun!
Dean pushed his stack over. “Why’s that?”
do?” she asked, shoving more pie in her mouth.
Castiel was looking at him, his face barely a foot from Dean’s own, close enough he could almost feel every one of Cas’s exhales. Dean saw his pupils flare wide when they caught his own.
would Cas be up at midnight?
Castiel gave him a sleepy smile and nodded towards the French press, where a mug sat waiting for Dean.
kind of thoughts, Dean’s mind strayed to Castiel. Wishful thinking made him picture his friend beside him, bumping elbows and trading smiles—or would Cas sit across from him?
Sam sighed. “Dean, if I could list off every time he’s shown you how much he loves you, we’d be awake well into the night. I don’t think he tries to hide it. I mean, he gave you his favorite books for Christmas, dude.”
” He said, “I have a
He set down his pen and leaned back in his chair. “Hey, Cas, I got a joke for you.”
It felt weird: too large and open, no cats winding around his ankles or a fire crackling merrily in the grate. No Cas perched on the sofa, deep into a book with blankets strewn around his hips. No smell of cinnamon and woodsmoke and something herbal drifting from the kitchen.
if I knew?”
Then proceeded to burst out laughing, because of all the possible reasons for Castiel Novak to be late, this was definitely the most
He set Baby in park and got out (no chickens, thank goodness. Imagine if he knocked on Cas’s door with an angry rooster under one arm), while failing to stuff the Bad Thoughts into the
wash over his body.
Dean rested his hip on the counter by Cas, watching the pie crust take form and
“He likes spooky movies?”
“Okay—Jesus, this isn’t that John Green book.”
“This is Cas—Castiel,” he said, twisting around to nod towards Castiel, who was standing slightly away and looking around awkwardly. “Cas?”
“Huh,” was all Dean could say, before unlocking Castiel’s room for her and flipping the lights on. Dean thought maybe he’d been here and then left for some reason—did Dean miss an email about a staff meeting?—but Castiel hadn’t even arrived yet. His leather briefcase wasn’t hanging on its hook and his tell-tale beige trench coat wasn’t slung over his desk chair.
Castiel, as it turned out, had more than a few animal companions—two cats, six chickens, and, apparently, a seven-foot snake named
“Fuck you.”
“Well,” Dean said, propping himself into a better position. “I was thinking maybe you’d wanna hang out? Order pizza, drink, watch thrillers? I still can’t believe you haven’t seen
folklore, according to Cas.)
Cas’s back was warm and firm under his shirt, his arms solid and grounding around Dean’s waist. Dean could smell the honey-scented shampoo in Cas’s hair.
Castiel smiled.
“Thanks,” Dean said, stepping quickly inside.
He couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but there was something about Cas that just... intrigued him. Sure, he was definitely an attractive guy (and somehow single—not that Dean had asked). But buried under the sweater vests and trench coat and messy black hair, Castiel was completely, utterly different than anyone Dean had ever met—and Dean worked in public education.
he thought, feeling the weird undulations of muscle under scales as Marcy rearranged her large body on his lap. There was still a tight ball of nerves fizzling in his gut, but every stupid irrational thought seemed to just… melt out of his body.
He squeezed his eyes shut, pulling the covers over his head, mentally slapping himself across the face. Why the
“So…”
“Yeah, like that’s gonna get rid of the ‘hey, let’s make out’ bullshit,” Dean grumbled back.
Oh, fuck. “....Uh—”
Jody snorted. “I’ll drink to that.”
By day four, life started to suck. The chill had settled, the last remaining warmth had dissipated, and Dean stuck it out under piles of blankets and his thickest layers, practically worshipping his gas stove (there’s a reason electric stoves aren’t worth it, Sam!) and the numerous candles he had stuffed in the underbed box.
Dean swallowed and picked up his coffee mug. “Hm?”
He pulled his knee—the
wake up, the Dark Ages?”
Dean groaned into the kiss, hoisting Cas up onto the counter and feeling legs wrap around his waist.
He was wonderstruck.
Dean subconsciously wet his lips, the image playing across his brain.
Dean groaned and rolled his head back, covering his face in his hands. “Jesus Christ, Sam, give it a rest.”
Dean moved slowly down Castiel’s body, lavishing every ridge and bump and valley his skin made—the curve of his waist, the dips between his ribs and the soft hair on his chest.
Dean gave a tiny nod, regretting (and half-thanking) his drunk past-self for blurting out what his sober
He figured Castiel would’ve waited a hundred more years for him.
and pulled a towel off the shelf, wrapping it firmly around his waist before stepping out of the shower basin.
“Nope.”
He looked up, confused, at the soft tapping on his door, before his eyes alighted on Dean. He closed the binder in his lap, setting it to the side and quickly standing up.
for you two to get your heads out of the sand.”
Dean frowned, burrowing himself deeper in his blanket wrap. “Wait, what did you tell him?”
Dean went over what he wanted to say before letting it out. “You gotta take a step back, man. She ain’t just
Dean laughed, tightening his arms around Cas’s waist.
The bastard included the air quotes.
handwriting?” Dean said, exasperated, trying to make out the half-cursive, half-shorthand scribbles and at the same time, scratch Petunia’s chin.
Castiel glanced down at his lap, one thumb rubbing the soft fold of the blanket and the other hand holding tight to the handle of his mug. “When you—when you messaged me, that night. Do you—do you remember what you said?”
still singing along from Castiel’s laptop.
“Imperators, however,” Castiel continued, “have a lighter tail, make better companions, and have a rather large variation in genetic patterns and colorings.”
It was relentlessly pouring with no sign of ceasing, so Castiel had retreated to the safety of Arthur Conan Doyle and a mug of tea.
When he finally made it downstairs, dressed in a (hopefully) clean pair of jeans and t-shirt, only half the regular party was seated in the kitchen. Jody, Donna, and Alex had taken off right after midnight—that much Dean remembered—with Bobby and Ellen following close after. Jo always stayed the night; she drove separately from her mother just for that reason.
Sam and Jess were already in front of the coffee shop, holding steaming to-go cups of hot chocolate and absorbed in whatever conversation they were having.
Charlie winked at him. “I knew you loved those assholes.”
Jess saw them first, looking up and waving.
And in the blink of an eye, the tension snapped. “I didn’t
Charlie had said.
Dean grinned, a warm feeling of pride bubbling up. “Damn straight. Kid deserves it.”
Dean snorted, fishing his keys from his pocket and holding them up. Dangling from the key ring, right next to the ones for his house and car, was a small round pendant colored blue, purple, and pink. He wasn’t one for a blinged-up key ring, but this was the only exception.
There was some sort of goal here, Dean thought, feeling their conversation turn into the
“Huh,” Dean had repeated thoughtfully.
“Oh, you definitely
Dean didn’t remember much after shuffling sleepily to Cas’s bedroom and peeling off his t-shirt and pajama pants, gravitating towards Cas under the covers until their arms wound loosely around each other.
Castiel gazed at him, like he was thinking deeply about what he would say next. “I’m proud of you, Dean,” he said at last, a small, honest smile on his lips.
“Pretty, huh?” He said quietly, his voice raspy.
Even though they weren’t
“There’s
Charlie sighed. “Is Castiel coming?”
Dean scoffed indignantly, taking a less-than-graceful half-step backwards to wiggle out of his coat, feeling his cheeks heat.
Sam chuckled. “Yeah, that sounds about right.”
responsibility.” He saw Castiel open his mouth, probably in protest, but Dean cut him off before he could talk. “And I get it, believe me I do,” he continued, “but it ain’t all on you. Well, shouldn’t be, anyways,” he added, sitting upright to swing his legs off the couch. “You deserve a night off, Cas, ‘specially on Halloween.”
Dean scooched forward to where he could kiss Cas more easily. “Uh-huh,” he mumbled into the kiss, cupping Cas’s cheek in one hand and grinning happily. “Together. Fuckin’ finally.”
Dean Winchester did not deal with feelings.
doing for Halloween?” Donna asked, picking up one of the sticky pastries.
And that was how Charlie found out.
The clock dinged quarter-passed and Dean heaved himself out of his chair, checking one last time that the hallways were devoid of students.
Charlie’s laugh echoed down the hallway.
He sighed and drained his beer, shoving a dozing Jo off the couch with his foot and earning a squawk and a whack with the pillow in return. Jess high-fived Jo, Ellen scolded the three of them, and Bobby, snoring in the armchair, cracked an eye open to glare at them before going back to sleep.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Insightful.”
break, because—"
Charlie squinted suspiciously at him. “What did
“Oh you son of a bitch—” Dean scrambled upright, tearing up the porch steps onto the icy wooden flooring as Castiel ran around the side of the house.
Jo punched his arm on her way to get the heavy pot from her mother.
Dean chucked a pillow at him, flushing just a little and trying to ignore the flash of
Castiel wasn’t like that. Castiel spoke with open, blunt honesty. He was precise and methodical, and not just with words, but with every thought, action and reaction. He noticed—and generally mentioned—small details others usually missed.
the ways.”
The corner of Castiel’s mouth twitched upwards at the reference. “So if I have computer troubles, who should I call instead?” he asked.
“Yeah, cause it’s true,” Dean mumbled, scratching behind Petunia’s ears at her pawing insistence.
The temperature outside dropped heavily that night, stubbornly preventing Dean from sinking into sleep. The cold attacked his nose and ears, buried under the covers as he was. Shivers raced up and down his arms and torso, and the hot water bottle shoved at the end of the bed did only so much.
Dean felt himself melt a little more.  “I—thanks, Cas.” Jesus, maybe the cold was getting to his head. Castiel gave him a soft smile, helping Dean wriggle out of his layers. The heat of a blazing fire seeped from the living room, and Dean let out a sigh of relief as the warmth of Castiel’s cottage washed over him like a hot bath, curling through his shirts and soaking through his skin.
Dean whistled to get their attention. “Hey, you two!” he called, waving at them. “C’mon,” he said to Castiel, and they dipped and dodged through the crowd to Sam and Jess.
“It’s
Until it broke.
,” Castiel just barely got out before Charlie tackled him in a hug.
Castiel loves storms.
Dean wasn’t particularly well-versed in Earth Science, but he’d gotten what he’d needed to know from reviewing Castiel’s PowerPoints and assignments for him. And he
revoke your free stay card.”
“Did you fall asleep that fast?” Dean mumbled, astounded and a little impressed.
Dean blinked and swallowed down a grin. “Thanks, Cas,” he murmured to himself, and started to sort the seventy-some papers.
Dean watched the bubbles melt away under the hot water. “What, getting burned to death by a dragon or shredded by your own hounds?”
“Well, that helps, at least,” Jess said, beelining for the pastries Dean had so deliberately bypassed and handing ten bucks to the lady running the stand. “How often do you guys hang out?” she mumbled around a scone, once they’d set off again in search of her husband and Castiel.
Castiel shrugged, leaning against the kitchen cabinets, legs crossed underneath him. “You
That stopped Sam’s rambling mantra.
They had made plans to move in three days later.
Most of Dean’s friends were similar to him: rough-housey, tough love, compliment-you-in-an-insulting-manner. And he loved them, he really, really did.
He switched the laundry load around five, finished the last of the review guide questions half an hour later, and started dinner around six.
It was only when Dean got back to his room after lunch that he realized he pretty much just asked Castiel out on a date.
“Charlie.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said. “Oh, and you can call me ‘Cas’, if it’s easier. Most of my friends do.”
Charlie took a bite of pie. “Okay, well, what’ve
The last dozen-plus-two went faster with the incentive of food. The cats had also decided to watch from the arms of the couch, too, rather than chew on the essays.
Castiel’s lips twitched upwards. “You like me?”
“Of pie?” Cas finished eventually, words trailing off at the end.
Dean swallowed, trying to memorize the beauty on Castiel’s face. “Thanks,” he said, voice only a little bit hoarse.
Charlie and Gilda met them at one of the food trucks around one in the afternoon, wearing matching Hogwarts sweaters (Charlie’s had “Seeker” on it, Gilda’s a rather large Golden Snitch) and sharing a funnel cake.
“Not much,” Dean lied, laying down on the couch, which was
Cas grunted a hello back, immersed in his own stacks of paper.
He couldn’t blame her, especially when Cas rose up onto his knees to get the stuff in the back of the tank.
“Oh. Uh,” Dean scratched the back of his neck. “We—my brother and me—grew up military. Moved around a lot, went to a lot of different schools.”
He truly was a vision in the morning: t-shirt rumpled and slipping off one shoulder, navy boxers, and nothing else. His hair was tangled more so than usual, sticking in every which way.
“Can she even read her
Castiel knelt down in front of the vivarium and tapped lightly on the glass before unlocking the door. “It’s so she knows I’m here,” he said to Dean’s questioning eyebrows.
“Yeah, not sure if I’m the best for that,” Dean admitted, heaving his bag over his shoulder. “My desktop caught on fire a couple of years ago. No one got hurt,” he added hastily as Castiel’s eyes widened in alarm. “The students weren’t at school and it was just the tower—and it’s ‘cause I forgot to dust it properly—”
Sam was quiet for a solid ten seconds.
Flopping onto the couch with fried rice and an IPA and feeling very accomplished with himself, he clicked idly through the
came back to haunt him again, nudging at his brain and stoking that smoldering bonfire in his heart.
Castiel watched their taillights fade away "Oh."
Sam groaned, Jo whooped with excitement, and Charlie’s eyes lit up like a child’s in a candy store.
He took a break around three in the afternoon to eat something and turn on music before diving back in to finish revising the last PowerPoint and a half.
Dean stuffed his keys into his pocket and knocked twice, softly, on the new guy’s door before stepping inside.
Eight years—nearly a decade in the same room, with the same desk and white board and tables—new monitor, though, which was awesome
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah, I’ll bet.”
a six-and-a-half-foot
he trudged through snow that fast, Dean would never know.
funny,” Dean grumbled, rolling his eyes at Cas’s snickering and flopping on his back to glower at the bedroom ceiling. “It’s
“Charlie,” Dean began, exasperated, “School starts next Monday. I’d love to get hammered with you on whatever Medieval tavern shit they’re serving, but—”
Dean let out a long breath of air, feeling the anxiety balloon in his ribcage deflate and a million different scenarios start to run through his head. So it
“You’re focusin’ on only one tactic—here,'' Dean flipped Castiel’s cards over and laid them flat out. “Look—here’s a sequence you coulda gotten,” he said, switching around a couple of cards. “You’re tryin’ to win
Or, “Oh, Jose Raul Capablanca! He’s regarded as one of the best known players. I have one of his books.”
Castiel nodded again, slipping his hands into his pockets.
on the décor, too, completely transforming the enclosure into a faux-jungle scene. Fake vines hung from the walls and ceiling, wound around the sides and twisted around branches. Plants—also fake, Castiel had mentioned live plants were only for “bioactive setups,” whatever that meant—sprouted from the corners, overflowing onto cork bark slabs and suctioned to the sides. She had not just two, but
“Uh-huh.” Dean took a sip of his beer. “She and Gilda are coming together.”
It’s been two years since they moved in, and Castiel still spends every rainstorm there.
"That explains the section about typewriters," Castiel mumbled.
The pie was wonderful.
he grumbled dejectedly to himself, rolling onto his back to glare at the ceiling fan.
Castiel had nodded, looking resigned. “Would you like to hear some more?”
His only complaint was that Dean had an empty fourth period—or, the last block of school free, meaning he could get a good amount of his own schoolwork done
Dean and Castiel spent most of their time talking, getting to know each other for the coming year of cooperation.
Dean debated lying.
in college?”
“Check on the chickens, I think.”
But Castiel kissed with gentle determination, asking questions with the barest tilt of his head and the hint of his tongue, and when Dean answered with
like him—the latest he’d ever gotten to school was seven fifty, and even then he’d texted Dean and said he was running late.
Cas also threatened to make quiche instead of pie, and that shut down any arguments Dean was about to make.
classes. Dean had nearly inhaled his coffee up his nose when Castiel described the amount of work he had to get done on Halloween night, since his weekend was taken up by prior commitments. He’d waved aside Cas’s apology for ruining their pre-work-emergency Halloween plans and the explanation of “Our classes were doing the same project, Dean, it would make sense for me to lend a hand.”
Dean dropped all pretensions of relaxation. "Cas, what's wrong?"
And then Dean stabbed him in the chest.
"I had some help," she admitted. More movement sounded around them, and a few other angels stepped out in the open, while others, he could tell, remained watching warily from the shadows.
"It's not safe here. Someplace more private." Already Castiel could feel the eyes of his siblings watching, unnerved by his spontaneity. It was not something he was known for.
Naomi's smile twisted into something else, something cruel. "Tell me, what do you remember of Sodom and Gomorrah? What of the flood? Of the plagues? The Crucifixion?"
"Dean!" Castiel called in an attempt to get him to stop. He did, but kept his back to Castiel. "Please, I'm asking you to have
gonna die a virgin. Not on my watch."
." Dean's eyes widened marginally, and he glanced away. Perhaps he'd had doubts about Castiel's extension of friendship, not that it mattered much now. "They feel I've begun to express emotions, doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgement." Castiel turned away as he recited the words mechanically.
"Yes, he happens to be in possession of a very rare amulet said to burn bright in God's presence. Ugly little thing. You must have noticed it," Balthazar explained.
He also learned, rather quickly in fact, that sleep was not only necessary to humans but nearly sacred, at least according to Dean, who despite not getting very much of it on a regular basis, would aggressively defend the few hours he managed to rest. Dean kept either a gun or a knife underneath his pillow at any given time, and although he had finally somewhat adjusted to Castiel's presence popping in and out of his life, the first time he'd woken Dean up suddenly had resulted in yet again being stabbed rudely in the chest. He'd at least thought to grumble out something resembling an apology that time as Castiel tossed the knife away, but he then insisted on brewing and drinking a mug of coffee with half-lidded eyes before they could converse any further.
it. I can lie to myself that they were in Hell for a reason and deserved what they got, but after the things I did to them, you can't tell me that no one deserved to be on that rack more than I did. But I couldn't go back. I just couldn't." Dean's eyes shone wet with tears as he swallowed back a sob.
"For what? Revenge?" Dean interjected.
Castiel pulled his hands back as Dean heaved a shuddering sigh of relief. He took in the surrounding trees as he rubbed his hands against his jeans, as if they were still unclean. "How did we...?" Dean began, but as he was still recovering from the shock of, well, everything, he trailed off.
"So you understand why this is foolish."
A moment later, Dean woke up in his hospital room with Castiel sitting anxiously beside him. He felt a strange mix of guilt and relief at the sight of Dean's eyes opening, and he wondered if emotions would ever get any less confusing. The novelty of them had worn thin, and they left him tired.
"Get to the reason you really called me," he ordered gruffly, forcing a turn in the conversation. Dean didn't push. He knew better. Better than the angels. For that, Castiel was grateful. "It's about Sam, right?"
"What are you doing?" she asked.
" she stressed the word, and Castiel instinctively flinched away from what he knew to be wrong and what he knew to be true, "It's called doubt."
"But you miss him," Castiel inferred.
Castiel had thought to circumvent this by instead visiting Dean in his dreams instead of waking him up, and while this was the least lethal option, Dean was no less indignant about it. Something again about personal space, even though slipping inside Dean's unconscious wasn't really a matter of physical closeness at all. He supposed it also had something to do with threatening him the first time he had appeared inside Dean's dreamscape. He'd been bluffing, of course, just trying to intimidate him into being a little less, well,
"So, does that mean you'll help me?"
"About me?" Castiel watched as Dean barely managed to cover his surprise at his concern with his usual smirk. "I don't know. Honestly, I'm good. I can't believe I'm saying that, but I am. I'm really good."
"Dean!"
Soon, it was just him and the two Winchester boys left in the storage locker, but before he could even consider what he ought to say to them after all that had happened over the last few days, Dean had suddenly wrapped his arms around him. It took him an embarrassing amount of time to realize that this was a hug, that Dean "personal space" Winchester was hugging him. It both short-circuited his brain and set him at ease, and perhaps too soon, it was over. Castiel hadn't even had a chance to return the embrace before Dean clapped him on the back and stepped away.
But his soul and the mark it bore could not shine any less bright.
"Well, then you guys are screwed," Dean told him, tears in his eyes. "I can't do it, Cas. It's too big. Alastair was right. I'm not all here. I'm not...I'm not strong enough."
"Was it the demons?"
When Dean prayed, it wasn't to God or Heaven or even one of the more powerful angels. It was to Castiel.
"And I still could have grabbed you against your will if I really wanted to," he reminded Dean. "Falling was my
"You goddamned demonic whore! Just wait until I get my hands on you!" shouted another.
"What do you want?" Castiel grumbled, moving towards him as slowly as he dared without his reluctance becoming obvious.
Dean nodded gratefully, and pulled his hand back to rub around his neck. "Well, now I just feel naked," he chuckled, changing the subject. "I guess I better head back in there. Good luck."
The fireplace was lit again, Cleo and Petunia curled in their cat beds in front of it. After  frying up grilled cheeses and bickering over what to watch that evening (Cas was thinking about starting
“Guess I was the scared one, here,” he said hoarsely.
She shook her head. “Nope. Haven’t seen him.”
Now, around an hour or so later, episode four of
“It’s not exactly morning anymore,” Castiel answered. “I’ve been up for an hour or so.”
“Don’t give me the chance to,” Dean countered.
"Well I
Dean shrugged. “Could be worse. No miniature Aragogs, at least.” He rolled one of his shoulders, wincing at the
Dean spent most of his weekends at Cas’s place.
He could almost fall asleep right here, arms looped loosely around Cas’s shoulders, leaning into him and feeling his steady heartbeat match his own. He closed his eyes, wanting to stay here in Cas’s arms, warm and comfortable and held close forever.
“Right? And oh my
Dean wrinkled his nose in sympathy. “Ew.”
Dean checked the name. “Yep—oh, thanks.” He took the plate of lunch Castiel handed him: an Indian dish that smelled
He stared at his phone, biting his lip, before shutting it off and tossing it onto the couch cushion.
“Dean!” Donna’s northwestern accent crackled through the phone line. “How can I help ya, sugar?”
“It’s from Claire,” he interrupted, frantically typing in his password.
“Wha—huh? Oh—uh—” Dean gave the gourd a once-over and shrugged. “Guess so.”
Castiel nodded slowly. “There’s some hot chocolate left if you’d like one more cup before bed,” he offered, his voice gravelly from sleepiness.
“Glad you could make it!” Dean said jovially, clapping him on the back and sitting down, scooching aside so Castiel had a spot. “This is Cas, everyone!”
Dean grinned, snuggling Cleocatra to his chest. “I’m a ladies’ man,” he said. “And I get—”
“Oh, shit,” Dean mumbled, feeling a bubble of doubt filling in his chest.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “I’ll think about it.”
(and, if you're wondering, yes - Cas being late to school because he had to give his snake a bath is based on a true story.)
Charlie raised her eyebrows. “You’re saying there is
“Huh?”
“—rather not have a repeat of last year,” Castiel’s hardened tone drifted through the door, followed by a scoff that was pretty much Claire Novak’s signature.
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Cas replied, opening his laptop and scrolling through Dean’s PowerPoint.
Except.
Castiel folded the paper and set it on the table. “I have some things that need to get done, but they’re more chores than anything else, really.”
Their quiet laughter faded into silence again, but it was a warm, comfortable silence, like the fleece tucked around their legs and the warmth ebbing from the fireplace.
Tugging his laptop from his bag and turning on
“How is that an efficient way of combining the two ingredients?”
Dean stabbed his pasta noodles. He and Sam were having their usual Friday-night dinners, generally followed by a quarter of an hour of bickering over a movie before selecting one they’d either both hate or enjoy way too much. Jess worked at the hospital and Sam couldn’t cook to save his life, so he spent the evening at Dean’s place to mooch off his brother’s much better food.
Castiel smiled. “Lead the way.”
Sam texted Dean back in the midafternoon, a stream of messages ranging from shock to confusion to absolute glee.
"You okay go drive home?" Dean asked, keys twisting between his fingers again.
________________________________________________________________
Castiel’s face was in his hands again, his next words muffled by his fingers. “I’ve been working so much since the beginning of the school year—there’s so much grading and planning and emails to get through—I think it just slipped my mind.” He rubbed his cheeks, staring off into space. He looked so deflated when he said it, Dean felt a little of his heart break.
Dean loosened his grip. “That desperate to get me into bed, huh,” he rasped, his hand slipping down Castiel’s shoulder.
“Thanks, Cas,” he mumbled softly.
“Just past one,” Castiel replied, marking his spot in his book and gently tossing it by Dean’s.
“Aw, I’m flattered you think so.”
Dean entered the last grade, yawning and snapping his laptop shut. It was snowing again—not heavy like the past days, just small, white flecks like fluffy, fallen stars swirling and twirling past the windows, bright against the darkening sky.
“Just—please, Cas? I swear you’ll like it,” He said imploringly, gazing at Castiel.
Donna tossed a paper napkin at him.
Dean could kiss him right now. He wanted to, desperately. Castiel’s arms were still around him, gripping tight to the cap of his shoulder and splayed across his back.
Castiel smiled, keyboard clacking away. He was wearing reading glasses, the lenses fogging up from thin poofs of steam curling from the bowl in his lap. He frowned in concentration, the creases in his brow outlined in the laptop’s blue light.
It still sucked, but getting it done with Castiel made the work feel more bearable. That's what friends did, right?
“Yes.”
“Dean, relax,” Castiel said soothingly.
“’Kay, everyone,” he said loudly, clapping his hands, “Warm-up’s on the board, pencils and paper out!”
What if Cas ditched at the last moment? (He wouldn’t) What if he
” he demanded, exasperated. But all the same, he collapsed into a fit of laughter a moment later.
Castiel’s cats batting the papers off the coffee table didn’t help either.
“Nope.” Dean flipped the cover and squinted at the Sharpie numeral in the corner. “If Jones don’t fuck with them, I don’t fuck with ‘em.”
Cleo nuzzled his hand for more pets. Dean obliged.
Dean was very adamant on including
Twenty minutes later, Dean stood in the hot spray of Castiel’s shower, defrosting his limbs for the second time in three days. After unceremoniously shoving the rooster back in the coop, they’d stumbled back to the house grumpy, out of breath, and soaked. Not in the fun way, either. Castiel insisted Dean take the first shower, already holding a hand out for his outer layers. Dean would have argued, but the raised-eyebrow look Castiel was giving him nearly made his knees give out right then and there.
and hoping the best outcome was just some snotty tissues in one of the desks.
Castiel, on the other hand, very much
Castiel had felt it then, tension crackling like lightning, charged with the hope between them. He moved his thumb to graze Dean’s bottom lip, watched him lean into Castiel’s touch.
quite an important bit, though, but if you'd like to skim it, I'll leave a summary in the End notes!
“Yes,” Castiel deadpanned.
Because
egg sacs, it was complete with Mama Spider perched proudly on top like a grotesque cherry on an ice cream sundae from Hell.
Castiel hummed, pressing his lips to Dean’s hairline. “How long is it until then?”
The guy nodded.
“All I’m saying is, don’t, um—” Charlie paused. “What’s that chicken egg saying?”
“Sam is your brother, I’m assuming?” Castiel asked, folding his hands in his lap.
“Yeah—Indiana Jones?”
“Absolutely,” Dean answered, handing his empty mug over. Castiel took it, standing and stretching before shuffling towards the kitchen.
“Dude,” Sam said, “You practically just asked the guy on a date.”
“We’re meeting Sam and Jess at the coffee shop,” Dean said as he and Castiel started off towards the crowd. He raised his voice a bit and leaned in as the noise-heavy air threatened to drown him out. “It’s just up this street here.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, screw you. How many
anything. Or done anything.”
The drive felt shorter than normal, even with Dean’s slower-than-usual speed. The usual ten minutes flew by, the faint brightness from Castiel’s porch light coming into view much sooner
over regular socks. All the warmth, none of the scratchiness.
“From what I have learned, yes.”
Dean glared at his screen as he typed back.
“Marcy’s good, Cas,” he said, scooching the bird back to its original spot (and earning a glare in return) before closing and latching the hutch door.“She’s a good—uh—BCC.”
Cas stepped forward. “You can call me Cas,” he said, smiling warmly and taking Sam’s outstretched hand.
That’s how Dean felt in that moment—the wall he’d built up torn down and a bridge built instead, where he’d crossed to find Castiel waiting patiently on the other side.
That small moment in the hallway earlier—that had been dangerous. Getting up into Castiel’s space, turning on the charm and stepping right up to the
Dean plated the pancakes, switched the stove off, and took two steps across the kitchen to kiss Castiel chaste and sweet, coffee on his lips and laughter on his tongue.
The park where the pumpkins were wasn’t the actual
Not to mention, a rather wonderfully large bathtub.
Charlie snatched one of her
Alarm.
Dean made a sympathetic noise, passing Castiel a piece of pie. He’d been trying out new recipes for a pumpkin one to bring to Bobby’s, bringing them to school that week to get Castiel’s opinion.
checking you out last time. And this weekend is Dark Ages themed! They’re gonna have
Dean snorted. “How about you come to FallFest this weekend. With me. And Sam and Jess, obviously,” he added hurriedly.
Dean blinked. “Shit, dude, I’m sorry.”
. He’d been okay with how
Castiel made a disapproving noise. “You must know film and media portrayals of snakes and other predators—namely, sharks—are based on exaggerated stereotypes and used purely for their thrill factor?” He ticked the last book off and glanced at Dean again, raising an eyebrow. “Marcy is incredibly docile and wouldn’t harm anyone, much less attempt to eat them.” The corner of his mouth twitched up. “I think you’d like her.”
“A round of what?” Gilda asked, frowning warily at her girlfriend’s expression.
Dean flapped a hand. “Nothing,” he said gruffly. “He ain’t the problem.”
Dean grinned at the photo.
Dean frowned “Why’s that familiar?”
Charlie elbowed him in the ribs. Dean grinned. “’Course I’m excited.”
Dean laughed. “You’ll get used to it,” he said consolingly, pushing an extra chocolate chip cookie from his lunch across the desk.
had told Cas the block was out and to check on Dean for him.
over and over again; this could be a start to something, this was a perfect opportunity set in the palm of his hand by the universe itself.
Castiel looked back up at him surprised.
Castiel gently leaned in and kissed him.
And so Dean spent his evening in front of his laptop, all of Castiel’s recommendations for
, but….
Castiel leaned back in his chair, his eyes crinkling at the corners when he laughed. “That is one of the
Cas’s hair was even more of a mess up close, curls and cowlicks going every which way. His cheeks and the tip of his nose were pink from the cold, and his eyes were a brighter blue than usual.
Alex did, in fact, get champagne that night.
And breathed out a long, slow breath.
Dean frowned. “Why?”
Pulling on only one layer and still being able to feel his fingers felt wondrous. Dean toweled his hair dry, glaring at the spiky, damp strands standing on end in the mirror and running his hands through them. He frowned at his reflection. This whole thing—coming to stay at Castiel’s for
“Huh?”
He was shivering; his senses overwhelmed. He lifted his other hand to Dean’s face and felt his breathing hitch as he ran a thumb along his cheekbone.
It felt strange, sitting here, warming his hands around a hot mug of cocoa, shoulder to shoulder with Cas and a cat on his lap. For the first time in a long time, Dean felt….complete. Even without Castiel as his the way he desperately wanted, he wasn’t blindly reaching for something he was missing anymore. He knew what he had, and what he wanted, and he was… okay.
“Rough night?” she asked, stealing a strip of bacon off his plate.
Dean grinned, clicking back over to his inbox and beginning to clean out the emails.
Dean had half a mind to say poke his head around the door and hello, but based on the sounds of shuffling papers and heavy boxes, the guy was busy. And who knew, maybe he’d be the one to introduce himself instead.
film, but it had vampires. And Jason Patric.
Dean had imagined what kissing Castiel would have been like, and this… this was a thousand, a
“So,” Jess said, weaving around a few people on the sidewalk. “How long have you guys known each other?”
It was after midnight by the time he resigned himself to the fact that he wasn’t getting to sleep that night. He sighed, glaring at his clock in the dark (thank goodness for analog), and reached for his phone. “If this fuckin’ backfires,” he grumbled, forcing his stiff, frozen fingers to type, “I’m moving to Greenland.”
Well, at least they landed in a patch of snow.
For some reason, it took longer to fall asleep that night than the previous one.
Castiel squinted at the pile. “Fourteen, I think,” he answered, sinking deeper into the cushions.
Castiel smiled. “I’ll see you there in twenty minutes.”
“Go for it, man,” Dean mumbled, anticipation and apprehension pulsing in his ribcage like a second heartbeat.
He got to work.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice said from the doorway. Dean looked up, and Cleo took the opportunity to jump onto his lap.
Thirty minutes later found them seated on top of one of his desks, gyros from the Greek deli down the street in hand, the conversation turned to a friendly debate over the questions from the local bar’s Trivia Night, which Charlie managed to drag a grudging Dean into participating in (and he’d
want to spend it at the police station.”
