"The third one is located behind you."
"Maybe later," John said under his breath. He tapped the pen against his notes. "The renewal's just an extra cost right now. How much do people pay for these things?"
"I'm sorry", he offered. He and every other slave here had endured far worse, but he truly felt sorry for her. Perhaps it was the slave mentality talking, but she was a free woman. She didn't deserve to be abused by anyone.
be like that again.
"So he
Sherlock did his best to calm his sobs and breathed into his hands for several seconds before looking up at her again.
you. Don't ruin this. He's a good man. With any luck he might even consider emancipating you."
They came for Mycroft first.
Lestrade nodded sternly. Sherlock shook the blanket off his shoulders and threw it into the ambulance before bowing his goodbyes to the Detective Inspector.
John frowned, but a smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. "In that case you could try learning something from them. You didn't even put the kettle on yet."
"It's better than both of you spending the day in the rain," John said. "Besides, I'm curious to meet a friend of yours."
He'd ruined everything again.
Holmes's fingers clutched his knees and he grit his teeth. For several seconds they just stared at each other, until Holmes finally seemed to think the better of it, and assumed the floor position.
"I've displeased you, master. I'm sorry, please forgive me", he spoke to the carpet.
"No! Of course I didn't. I would
”Oh. Right.”
"Would rice and scrambled eggs be satisfactory for dinner?" he asked to change the subject.
"Nothing, mistress."
"I need to go see if he needs me."
"I was
"Once", Holmes admitted. "He got a twelve-year slave keeping ban out of it, I had my potential emancipation date moved by twenty years. So Clara's your sister then?" the slave asked, changing the subject as well.
"Get yourself something to eat and sit down", John snapped. Maybe it was the headache, but Holmes's sudden obedience felt incredibly annoying. "Did you answer the phone?"
The relatives believed Carl kidnapped and the press only fed this notion –but Sherlock did not share this belief. The more he thought of it, the more he caught glimpses of the news, the more evident it became something was amiss. Something the press and the police and everyone else was missing. If only he could see it for himself, then perhaps he would notice what all the others ignored. It was like a puzzle he itched to put together, but first, he needed all the pieces.
Only when the door slammed shut behind them, and John clutched 50-pound notes in his hand, he slowly allowed his shoulders to relax. He closed his eyes for a second and sighed. He picked up the fallen dressing gown. Feeling cold suddenly, he pulled it on and folded the notes he into its pocket. The seventeen steps up to his flat (Holmes had used the stairs as an example to point out how he saw but did not observe) had felt longer than they were as it began to settle in what had just transpired.
with his cast on display, only six people had stopped to seriously ask about him. Despite his injury and overweight his price range had been set high due to his education.
"I'm going to have to rent you," John admitted.
How long had he been unconscious? Where was he? He tried to look out of the window and figure out, but his eyes couldn't focus on anything moving.
"Holmes,
But the text was gone already, so he brushed it off. Maybe the guy was new. Then a second odd thing happened when he stepped to the street. The phone in the phone box across the street was ringing. It stopped though when a group of teenagers approached it. Now that he thought of it, he was fairly certain it had been ringing when he got here as well.
Holmes sighed and for a moment John feared he would say he should not speak ill of his old masters, but he replied: "My master at the time was a violent man. He took pleasure in inflicting pain upon his property. He bought me because he wanted to tame a troublesome slave. But I never raised my hand against him because of anything he did to me."
"Are you on my computer?" he blurted out in disbelief.
First three years here he had rebelled. He had ran away several times. Had been brought back by the police a few times as well. He had fought tooth and nail against every order, against every punishment. But no matter what he had done, his owners had kept him. They had disciplined him, but always within reason –even if he hadn't seen it so at the time. He had said and done horribly disrespectful things, but his owners, especially his mistress, had been there to guide him. He had been angry and miserable, but they had shown him how happy and content he could be with the correct attitude. It had been a long, rocky road, and only seeing Mycroft had finally extinguished the last bit of hopes he'd had for freedom.
Sherlock knelt on the floor, tears staining his face and red welts burning his skin. But this time mistress had no sympathy for him. No kind words or gentle touches to let him know he was forgiven. No amount of asking for forgiveness or swearing he had not escaped could convince her. She gripped his hair, forcing his head back so that he had no choice but to face her.
"This is an unfortunate situation..." the man mumbled, fingers pinching the frames of his glasses. They were so large they seemed to cover most of his small face. "You have no guardians. No one has stepped forward. If you were seventeen you might be able to become your brother's legal guardian, but as for now you're too young. I'm sorry. Unless someone offers to foster you by Tuesday you'll become The Institute's property."
When the floor guards came for him half an hour later, Sherlock had climbed to the far end of the top bunk, refusing to come down, fighting tooth and nail against them. The clothes had to be ripped off of him and he was dragged kicking and screaming down the corridor to the lifts where he was unceremoniously thrown with the the other slaves and his bag thrown with him -and that was what snapped him out of his fit. He cradled the bag and its fragile contents against him. He was the only slave in the lift owning anything.
”I saved a friend’s life.”
"So... Basically you wanted to see him because you were worried?" John asked.
Instead of rolling his eyes Sherlock just chose to close them again.
He skimmed through the Handbook not quite knowing what he was looking for. There was a long chapter dedicated to emancipation, especially to "Ask yourself if your slave will truly benefit from emancipation". John flipped the pages towards the beginning and started from the introduction.
"I was going to come back the same way, but seeing you had returned, the lights being on being a bit of a giveaway", Holmes shrugged, "I decided to just come through the door because there was no point in trying to get back without you noticing anymore."
Mrs Hudson smoothened the fabric of her dress over her legs. "What's your name?" she asked as if nothing had happened. "Not your collar number. What were you called before you came here?"
Sherlock shook his head. "Back seat. Just minor injuries."
But, as it turned out, the police and the crime scene investigators had no patience for children. Much less so for a slave. He'd lost count on how many times he'd been brought home in slave cuffs –and so had his mistress.
He didn't recognise the number. Holmes leant closer to see, then snatched the mobile from his hand. "Hey–!"
His slave shrugged. "He could have just as easily been hit by a car."
Holmes drew a breath as if he did not really want to reply. "They're going to consult me."
"John might end up liking it."
"Go on then."
they're murders."
They began preparing for the move. John had him pick up empty boxes from the nearby shops. His master didn't own much, and hadn't even unpacked everything since moving in. The doctor's current life until Saturday's murderer chase seemed terribly dull and stationary.
he added, pointing at Holmes, "had forgotten."
And yet...he had attacked his owner. It was not a light accusation. Even if the said owner had been the abusive one.
"Watch, Sherlock." Hannah clutched his hand so hard it hurt as they sat safely behind the plexiglass. The room behind the window was white and sterile before they brought the slaves in. "Just this once. Watch. Watch and you'll never, ever think of escaping again."
Holmes obeyed. He stood straight, arms folded over his chest, legs slightly spread to give him a steady stance. Numerous scars covering his skin from shoulders to thighs spoke heavily of the slave's past and nature. But the long, narrow scars weren't caused by abuse. They were well healed, done professionally. Only InS could have inflicted them.
"To serve."
You can't promise that, Sherlock wanted to say. He didn't want John to promise that. It was...kind. He did not want to think of his owner as kind. It was not kind to own a person's life. It would have been easier if John had been cruel, for kindness was worse than cruelty. It gave him a glimpse of freedom, a little taste of what it would be like to live as a free man and have a friend, but it would always be just beyond his reach, yet close enough to tempt and torment him.
"Well, I didn't realise you'd take it literally", he exclaimed. He pinched the bridge of his nose and drew a deep breath.
"Exactly. So what
Wow, it'd take some time to get used to being served all the time, even in his own home. Having a personal slave somehow felt quite different than being served by an army slave. Back in the army, only some of the higher ups had had personal slaves. It was great, though. Less limping for him. Which was precisely the idea, wasn't it?
Holmes obliged in silence, once again like a proper slave should. His face betrayed no emotion and he kept his eyes cast down, stoically waiting for his master's next action. Another man might have beaten him with a stick until he was a whimpering mess for what he had just done, but not John, even if a part of him wanted to do exactly that. Someone probably had done it in the past and it hadn't changed Holmes's behaviour for better.
Holmes shrugged and got up to clear the table. "Whatever you say.
"We don't need him", Donovan echoed.
this slave had! "You weren't supposed to go out at all!"
The umbrella man chuckled, sounding far too amused for John's liking. "No, nothing like that, I assure you. I don't think he would ever choose to use the word "friend"."
Eventually the Detective Inspector showed up.
John had felt a sting of disappointment. It hadn't initially been the kind of job he would have wanted, but it would have paid well and as inappropriate it was, there was something about the idea of crime and homicide scenes that fascinated him, even if it was just to clean them up after the bodies had been examined and moved. The ad he'd seen online had specifically said they hired ex-soldiers, people who already knew they could handle it. He knew he could handle it.
As Mycroft had said, Sherlock should do his utmost best to ensure John would keep him. He'd done it with master and mistress Summers. He could do so with John.
John's brows drew together as he read and his fingers curled into fists. He typed an angrily worded reply to the email, but the message bounced back. He ended up deleting M's message and decided he would pretend he'd never seen it. Holmes certainly would never hear of it.
This time he exhaled deeply to let the man know he was listening, but did not open his eyes or even move otherwise. John's voice had been hesitant the first time. It did rouse his interest, but he kept lounging on the sofa, betraying none of it.
"Yes, master. Goodnight, master."
"I don't want that." Sherlock sounded like he was at the verge of tears.
"What about the sauce?" John asked after a while of listening the uncooked spaghetti crunching in his slaves mouth. "You
Whether that would've helped or not remained a mystery. He'd been given to John before InS even tried to sell him. Seemed unlikely they'd bother trying if John returned him.
John lowered the hand he hadn't realised he had raised. His slave's posture relaxed, but only a little. He leant back on his seat as well.
Holmes crouched down to the body again, so John lowered himself down as well.
Sherlock nodded miserably –and she slapped him once more.
actually help you."
"Nothing. Maybe I just enjoy watching silly cat videos, too."
you accuse me?"
John gaped at him. No slave had
“Fine”, John sighed and stepped out to accompany his new property. The doors hissed closed in front of him and the bus took off.
Sherlock's legs nearly gave out, the street around them spun and the road under his feet didn't feel quite stable. Lifting his arm was a near impossibility and his fingers no longer had strength to hold onto Lestrade's phone. A needle. It stuck through the coat near his armpit.
"No, it's alright. You can stay," John assured. "I'm sure you've got some catching up to do. I've nothing against it."
"Then why are you still there?"
Sherlock went silent for a little while before voicing something they both had been thinking, but that neither had yet brought up. His voice was quiet, almost too quiet for Mycroft to have heard, hadn't he known what Sherlock was saying. "They won't sell us together."
The slave gave the document a quick look and then hurried to open the inner doors for him. ”Second floor reception. The lifts are over there, sir”, he pointed as he spoke. ”Take a queuing number, it’s sixth button, and just sit to wait.”
"I want a full sentence."
and undress."
"How did you even get back so quickly?" John asked. Surely the man hadn't walked all the way back with the suitcase.
“However...”
His hand reached to pause the footage as the car's door slammed closed, and his employee turned to look at one of the cameras.
"Yes you are," the woman corrected him. "I understand it's very confusing at first, but I'll help you with that. Tell me, did your parents have any slaves?"
"You can't seriously suggest you'd take a slave's word over mine?"
"Cancer's not like a broken leg," he'd been told. "I've heard the free people get the treatment for free, but treating a slave is expensive. It's cheaper and easier to get a new one."
"Don't worry, Sherlock. We'll look after him," his nanny consoled him. She was a woman in her mid-thirties, a daughter of a late house slave of the Holmes family. Even her great-grandparents had been owned by the Holmes family, and she had taken care of Sherlock since he'd been born.
"What do you say,
"No, tell me", John prompted.
"I just wanna go home," Sherlock whimpered.
Holmes’s face was unimpressed. There was something about his piercing eyes that made even a soldier like John feel a little uneasy. Not that he was planning on letting Holmes know that, so he held his gaze until the slave shrugged and turned to the window again. It was about power balance, he could tell. For some reason years in enslavement hadn’t made him submissive and John had seen it immediately when the man had been brought in to the office. The way he’d stood and stared at the wall, enduring the humiliating process without batting an eye, even mildly defying the handler. Most slaves on sale kept their head bowed down and were uneasy unless they were primarily bed slaves or even actual sex slaves, used to the nakedness even in public. Holmes, on the other hand, was clearly already testing his new master, trying to intimidate him with his unslave-like behaviour.
He was still on bad mood while limping through Russell Square Gardens when someone called his name: "John! John Watson!"
What if this was the final straw and John would return him? Or worse –keep him and never rent him again. Mrs Hudson was generous with the rent because Sherlock had helped her bring down her husband's cartel, but there were limits to her generosity. If John couldn't afford living in London, he'd be forced to move elsewhere.
John's rugby pal and his slave arrived a little late on Saturday, but with the four of them they managed to empty John's flat of everything he was keeping or didn't come with the rent. Mrs Hudson's young slave was excited for the new tenant and his slave, and Billy helped with the boxes far more eagerly than Holmes did. Considering he had a slave, John wouldn't have even needed to carry the boxes himself, but it was quicker with his help. And truth to be told, he was happy to do it now that he didn't need his cane. It was incredible. Ella and Holmes had been right. There was nothing wrong with his leg. He supposed he had Holmes and his mad behaviour to thank for that.
"I'm not interested."
"And to your owner, I suppose?"
"We did."
Mycroft, determined to stand tall till the very end, welcomed the officials and ordered the slaves to take their coats and offer them drinks. Sherlock had never been so scared in his life as he watched the strangers invade their home.
Unless of course John decided he didn't mind renting his slave. It was easy money after all. And if he did...how long until John decided sex wasn't off-limits? Sex with his masters Sherlock could still take, but if he were to be rented to strangers it would be much too like The Oyster House. Just the godawful hen party he'd done had brought back too many unpleasant memories. Stag dos were much the same and John had one lined up for him.
"What else can you do?"
How he'd done it or why it had taken his brother so long, Sherlock didn't know. But Mycroft had his informants, and sometimes information travelled slow mouth to mouth. Besides, it was hard to find something you weren't looking for. Mycroft hadn't been looking for him, he was sure.
"My card?"
bored.
"So I've gathered", John sighed. "Do you know if he's coming back?"
Sherlock nodded. Agencies would take commission and there'd be a sign up fee. "Any free site for classified ads works."
"Was I right?" he demanded. "Tell me! Did I pick the right one?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What happened to your friend?"
"I'm fine."
So instead of going to his master, Sherlock closed his eyes, willing himself to ignore the sounds around him. He had constructed his primary mind palace to his childhood home. In there everything is still like it was when he was a free human being. Sherlock stepped inside through the front door to the hall. He wasn't looking for anything, just checking everything was in its place. His mind palace had grown throughout the years into a vast library of information that could not be thoroughly walked through in one night, so he decided to head for parts he hadn't recently checked. In his mind he walked around the hall, up the stairs and through the hallway to his parents' bedroom. Everything was as it should be and he had nothing new to add to the rooms upstairs. He had even constructed a new section for his new master, where he could store away the details he needed to know to keep him satisfied. So far it didn't include much, though most of normal people would have disagreed. But then again, normal people never observed.
"Sounds a bit odd. Maybe you should just remind him of his place?"
jobs. We all have our place in the society and the human are not born equal for a reason."
However, as the official papers moved to describe his personality, it became less flattering. It did describe him as "a quick learner, accurate and precise, scientific, capable of independent work" and "resourceful", but most after that was highly negative. He was described to be "ignorant and slow to understand commands". His bad qualities contained "occasional rebelliousness and/or unwillingness to comply or serve, arrogance, insolence, apathy" and "lack of understanding his master's needs". It outright said Holmes was stupid.
While Sherlock was fond of her, truly he was –not like a slave should adore its owner, but like a human being liked another's company– he had also come to the realisation that he couldn't stand the woman around for too long at a time. After twenty-five minutes of attempting to remain polite he snapped at her and received a surprisingly hard slap on his cheek. She left quickly, muttering to herself as she went.
"And you think he'll just show up?"
"What?"
He chuckled at his own joke, then shook his head somewhat mournfully. "Between you and me...why can't people think?"
Holmes had sat in silence on the floor with young Billy while John and Mrs Hudson negotiated the terms of the rent over a cup of tea at her flat downstairs. As Holmes had promised, the price was about the same as the one to his current flat. They'd parted with a mutual agreement that John would move in as soon as he could. All in all, he was very happy with the result.
He had, of course, met and worked with plenty of slaves during his life. He’d used slaves just like any normal citizen would. Slaves were, after all, an essential part of everyday life no matter where you went. Well, almost at least, if one didn’t count the few strange hippie countries that had outlawed slavery. It was a miracle their economy survived.
Mycroft sighed, closing his eyes for a second as if he were mentally counting to ten. "Has it not occurred to you that I might actually care for you?"
"Oh." Sherlock's eyes averted. "And you didn't take it?" he asked, even though it sounded unbelievable for someone to offer to buy him like that. Who, out of the people who could, would want him?
"What shall I play, ma'am?" he asked, first time taking a proper look at their guest. Mrs Spedding was around the same age as mistress Marlowe. She had narrow eyebrows, perfectly done red lipstick, and dark brown hair, done up so that her ears and the large earrings were properly visible. She was almost certainly here because she was looking for a new violin tutor for someone. He felt a sudden pang of nervousness. Mistress had always said that one day she would have him tutor children. Perhaps this was the reason why she was showing him off. Mistress's guest was considering to have Sherlock tutor her child. She had at least one child, probably around the age of six.
However, the sight that waited on the table was far from either.
"Do not defy me. Just repeat the name."
Months went by and after two years into his enslavement Sherlock had all but given up on hope for ever escaping. He knew he would
She nodded, clearly expecting him to continue speaking.
"Holmes, wait up!" his master shouted, trying to keep up with him with his limp. He stopped, but reluctantly. Several heads turned to their direction and Lestrade noticed him.
"For your sake, I hope he won't find out," Mycroft disapproved.
The man smiled. "Well, like you said, you found us the murderer. I guess you've earned it. If only you'd got us the shooter, too."
It was evening by the time they arrived, but InS, as they soon learnt, never slept. It may have been past the opening hours, but the building was very much alive. The slave rights were quickly read to them, and then they had their stigmas, a series of numbers and letters, tattooed in their left wrists to mark their new position. It hurt, perhaps worse than it really did because of how terrifying the whole process was for Sherlock. Mycroft stayed stoically still and allowed it to be done, but the tattooer took one look at Sherlock and had him strapped to the table. With that Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes were gone. In their place were slaves 99OR-79/4J4B and 99OR-79/3J3A.
"It won't be like that with me," he promised. "Last night–"
"So that someone could find it."
. Either someone who knew him had bought him (unlikely, no one had ever bought him outside an auction or the market hall) or he had randomly been chosen from the slaves available.
"Nothing. Mycroft just wants to stick his nose into my life and kiss your arse with pleasantries," Holmes grumbled, lying on the bed again.
"For... For not...abandoning me. You realised something was wrong, alerted Lestrade, tracked me here. I don't think any of my previous owners would've cared. Or known what to do."
to distract himself from this boredom. He would welcome the adrenalin rush with open arms if it could bring some change to this ever predictable dullness of the holding centre, where each day was followed by an identical one.
they come. You're just a slave."
"I've played the violin since I was four. My mistress kept me practising. She was a violin tutor. I was supposed to become a tutor as well."
Sherlock would lie in his cupboard and listen, thinking that it should have been his duty to get up and offer his services for his master. Not that he had ever really done so. He hadn't needed to. His previous owners had not been shy to tell him what they wanted.
Ella scribbled down something again and he tried to peer what it said, but she noticed and tilted the clipboard so that he couldn't see. He'd managed to make out the word "friend".
The conversation shifted to other subjects. How his week had been. How the job hunting was going on. Who he had met, what he had done with them. Had he been able to sleep. How he felt, always how he felt about things. By the time their session was over John felt mentally exhausted. He just felt tired. Tired of the therapy, tired of being here, tired of being tired and useless. He almost didn't feel like going to the interview he had arranged himself for a crime scene clean up. The job description had said they hired ex-soldiers and medics among with ex-firemen and other people who in general were used to stressful environment and gore.
"You haven't written a word since last week."
Sherlock was desperately lonely. He had never been the popular kid at school, nor had he had friends apart from Mycroft, but never in his life had he been this alone in the world, though he was hardly ever left alone apart from the nights when he was locked in the kitchen cupboard where the sorrow and despair hit him like a wave, dragging him down and drowning him into a restless sleep. His days became filled with chores. He began his day helping Hunny with breakfast. He did the dishes and cleaned the kitchen and the bathroom. If he didn't, there would be no breakfast for him. If he refused he was hurt.
"The thing is," he said, standing up as well, "I sort of think I know how you feel. People don't really notice slaves, do they? It's the same with us cabbies," he told, watching like a hawk as Sherlock fumbled to unscrew his bottle.
"No," Lydia said, stopping abruptly after hitting him four times. "Can't have you bruised all over on your first night with your new owners. What kind of impression would that give?"
"Mike Stamford, we were at Bart's together", the stranger said and suddenly the pieces fell into place in John's head. Of course. He extended his hand.
She was sceptical at first, as expected. Like a slave would look at its master and think the master had all the power in the world and nothing could be done about it, she would think the same about her husband and the cartel. She had lived for years in the fear of them. But she was not a coward. Anything but.
"About six years."
Tired, but genuine smile passed the slave's lips. "I will."
"I'm hurt, Holmes. Where would you be without us, without me? I feed you. I clothe you. I've given you a place to stay. I educate you. I've given you everything and this is how you repay? I'm ashamed to have a slave as ungrateful as you."
Besides, he reasoned, it was just another new owner, another new idiot to serve. If he’d just play his cards well now, then who knows, life might be interesting for a little while. So he smiled, fished out the teabag, threw it away, poured the milk and stirred the hot beverage while walking. He put it down on the desk to his new master’s left-hand side and eyed at the computer screen over his shoulder. The browser was opened on a blogging site.
The free man in him should have hated John, but he didn't. In fact, he hadn't hated most of his owners. Loathed the system and loathed the situation, but not truly them. Mr Hudson and his thugs he would've hated had he had the energy to do so. At The Oyster House he'd been too drugged and too defeated to hate anyone but himself. The only one he had truly hated with burning rage had been master Singh. Him Sherlock would have happily killed in his sleep for how he treated his slaves. For what he'd done to his slaves. But of course Sherlock hadn't. Death was not the kind of freedom he pursued. Despite some of his weakest moments, he valued his life far more than he valued the freedom death would offer.
But now they were abandoning him. He would be given to new masters, and Sherlock knew it shouldn't change anything, but it did. They weren't throwing him away, but it felt as if they were. How could he ever be happy serving an owner other than Lydia Marlowe?
"I could play at weddings. Not the best season for that, and people plan those months ahead. Birthdays, corporate events."
"He's not paying a single penny for that freak," the smaller man half laughed, half scoffed. Without a warning he took a step closer, drawing a knife from his pocket. "You're the one paying."
"Because you are worth more than she is," Lydia stated, pulling his head closer. She kissed his hair. "You're an expensive slave, Holmes. Take pride in that."
"Very kind of you, master."
John ran his fingers through his hair. "Yeah. Sure, of course. Let's go then."
"Hello," Sherlock stubbornly repeated.
And all that time the mother kept screaming hysterically for her unnamed son. Had still been crying and chanting the same words over and over again when she'd been dragged away by laughing fishermen.
"We want our money back," the other man said, but John merely lifted a finger, indicating them to stay silent until Sherlock was gone.
He would not escape. There was no escape. Mycroft had not helped him. Mycroft would
"Oh, for–" Holmes sat up, throwing his arms in an obvious annoyance. "
John stood up as well, feeling uneasy with everyone else standing. But seriously,
"Cover for me. I
She understood. Even if their exchange had been brief, even if she hadn't truly done anything, just being talked to like a real human being was the greatest piece of kindness he had received in months. Seeing her, getting to talk to her, even if it was just greeting her to have her look at him became like drug to him. And oddly enough, she seemed to equally seek him out. She wanted to talk to him, she found excuses to have him removed from his post to attend to her. Other slaves noticed of course and grew jealous of him quickly. It was devastating to have his fellow slaves treat him the same his keepers did, but Sherlock ignored it the best he could. It didn't matter. He wouldn't stay here forever.
"Is this a joke?" he gaped, gesturing at the table with his free hand. Because if it was, it wasn't very funny and John was not on a humorous mood. "Is this your idea of dinner? Cereals..? FUCKING CEREALS?"
"Why did you bring it here?"
"Understood."
something. Besides, he couldn't properly see out without sitting on the top bunk. At this point he was desperate enough to stare at the little strip of blue sky and the wall of the opposite building visible behind the glass. Seeing even a glimpse of a bird or something else that
He swallowed again and attempted to catch his breath before hastily putting the belt away. The slave's back and buttocks were covered in red welts and bruising was forming, but he had not drawn blood. Holmes drew two deep, shaky breaths before brushing away tears angrily.
They ate their lumpy bowls of porridge in silence. It was likely to be the only meal they were to receive today. The slave rights clearly stated that a slave had the right to be fed the minimum of six meals a week. Mycroft doubted the Centre would go for anything more than seven meals a week per perso– slave.
"Paid?" Sherlock leant forward. "
"Only because you were being an idiot and thought it hurt your pride to let me help them," Holmes argued. "And nine people isn't a dozen."
John blinked at him. "Uh, yeah, I guess I'd prefer you without a beard, but –"
They sat in silence for long minutes, each moment dragging on like a heavy weight. Sherlock cradled the warm cup in his free hand. His hand was large enough to envelop the fine china entirely.
I am overwhelmed by the comments and interest I got from only one chapter. Thank you! I hope you enjoyed this one as well. :)
"So that he wouldn't have to go to prison."
"No one should", Mike mused. "It's a ridiculous thing to do, not to mention completely irresponsible. Slaves don't know how to function as people. They have their purpose in life. It's thoughtless to take them that away, even if it might sound like mercy. Humans are not equal. That's just a fact."
"Your previous owners did rent you, is that correct?"
still the same man you thought I was when you drugged me."
"Can you see the camera?" the voice demanded.
Sherlock followed him. "Thank you. Can I use your computer?"
He saw Ella open her mouth to argue, but before she had a chance to speak, he gestured her to wait and continued: "I'll write, I promise. Now I actually might even have something to write about."
be worse," John warned, giving what he hoped to be a threatening glance towards the cane on the floor. "You've been winding me up since day one. Well now you've won. I've had it. I've no more patience left to deal with you. This has been long due, I should've done this already.
A part of him still wished he had never accepted the buoys that saved his life like some had done. Perhaps it would have been a kinder fate for him as well to drown after hypothermia took over. It certainly would have been for her.
He walked slowly, enjoying his cigarette. He had made a quick visit to Regent's Park before the shops to hear if his network of slaves and homeless people had learnt anything new. The park's slaves who acted as his informants had never stepped outside its gates, but when information travelled from mouth to mouth it hardly mattered.
Holmes's expression turned uneasy. "Is Anderson on forensics?"
"You've had abusive owners, though, haven't you? You said they wouldn't give you to anyone with history."
Mummy was dead. That much he knew. Daddy was bleeding, but he'd still been conscious when the rescuers came, and he and Mycroft were pulled away from the car. The front seat passenger of the other car was dead, too. She hadn't been wearing a seat belt. She'd flown right through the windshield and splattered head first to the road. The driver was in bad shape, but already taken away by the first ambulance. Mycroft lay strapped on stretchers, ready to be taken to the ambulance. Something was wrong with Mycroft's leg. They both had bruises and cuts from the glass, but apart from that Sherlock was unharmed.
John scoffed at his argument. "Really? And where do you think they buy their stuff? They may have abolished slavery, but their countries run on slaves nevertheless. Bunch of hypocrites."
"It's about time someone reminds you of what you are. Answer me. Who are you?"
He stretched his arms the best he could while lying on the lower bunk before sitting up and twisting his neck until it gave a satisfying crack.
It was only half past two and Sherlock seriously considered leaving despite been ordered not to, when he heard heavy footsteps climbing up the stairs. He would have recognised them anywhere.
"Yeah. You're a bloody idiot, but not that much of an idiot, I hope."
"I begged for him to stop," Holmes told. "But when he got like that... He didn't see or hear anything. I did the only thing I could think of to stop him. I grabbed the nearest heavy object, I hit him twice and I tied his hands and feet with shoelaces before phoning an ambulance."
Holmes circled around the room while listening to the other speaker.
"Why?" John questioned despite knowing why. Though he had no idea what exactly they expected Holmes to do for them. Sure his demonstration in the taxi had been impressive, but fairly simple after the explanation. This was a murder scene, not a scratched mobile phone.
Sherlock opened his eyes. The holding room seemed uncharacteristically spacious due to the natural light pouring in from the small windows. It was a sunny day out there. He'd been to rooms with a layout identical to this one before, but it was his first time in a room with a window. Usually he'd been held in the underground rooms or on the other side of the corridors where the windowless rooms were just as dark. He didn't even need to share the four bed room after his “flat mate” had been taken away eight days ago. How lucky of him.
"More or less", Holmes replied. John hit his ankle with his cane to remind him he was no mister. The slave ignored him and the boy had already dashed back in, calling for his mistress.
The slave complied with a slight bow of his head and slipped past him. Not an inch of him touched John despite the cramped space. When John was done, Holmes stood waiting right behind the door, but was quick to step aside to let him pass. Slightly creepy that.
"And you made me watch that video of a cat falling off a shelf twelve times."
Sherlock hanged the coat, watching his new owner limp to a desk and then gently lowered his bag on the floor, next to the wall. The flat was small, void of almost all personal items. The furniture was cheap and kept to minimum. His master sat down and pulled a laptop from the drawer.
would be a
John had no idea whether it was true or not. He was pretty sure the terms and conditions usually said you had to be a natural person, which Holmes certainly wasn't. Not that he really cared if Holmes wanted to have an e-mail account. Little harm could be done with it, surely.
John blinked dubiously. "E-mail?"
"They all think they're above you. They act like you don't even exist. But really...
He practically threw himself into the car and told the driver for now to go to the general direction the other car had gone. It took him a moment to figure out how to save the text with the cab number before he could start the agonisingly slow task of logging in and purchasing the full GPS package. The phone's internet was slow and sluggish.
Her expression was so startled it alone was enough of an answer.
The enormity of the situation never dawned upon Sherlock until an official from the local branch of Great British Institute of Slavery knocked on their door. They spoke with Mycroft in Mummy's office, but Sherlock knew the best spot for eavesdropping. If the local authorities and Mycroft couldn't find them legal guardians by the end of the month, InS would step in. They'd be handed over and sold into slavery, and their home and slaves and all property would be lost to them.
Sherlock nodded shakily. She rose and turned to his mistress. "I can come to sign the papers and take him tomorrow.."
The notes left with the bodies were equally unsettling. Each just a slip of paper containing a single word. In order of their death, the words formed a full sentence: PATIENCE MY DEAR SHERLOCK
"They're mine," Holmes said immediately, turning to snatch the bag possessively. "I won them."
He should have asked how Mycroft had found him. Why now and not a year ago when he was sold back? Must have been because it was InS selling him again. Back then he was officially sold by an American client, despite the fact that InS had handled the sale.
And someone had just fired a rifle.
I hope you enjoyed the chapter! If you have a moment to spare, please leave a comment and let me know of your thoughts. I'd like that. :)
"Same as me."
John glanced out of the window. It was still windy and the hanging clouds indicated it might start raining later. Although it been so cold it might even snow. Who knew? Another shrug. "Fine I guess."
"You should all just be fucked to death, you're a disgrace to your owners."
"Thank you," Holmes breathed out. He looked at the offered phone suspiciously, but took it. "There's an address tag on the case. Read out the phone number for me."
He startled awake when John rested his hand on his side and tugged at the duvet. He blinked, eyes darting in the room. The lights were off, but it was John's room. Not the dark cellar shared by thirty people where the lights and music so often followed him to his dreams, giving him no escape from them. But The Oyster House was gone.
"Sherlock..."
Backwards. It should have been Sherlock pulling a seat for John and pouring him tea. A master should not apologise nor make amends, not to a slave.
John’s jaw dropped in disappointment. She led the slave to his side of the desk, picking up the prints on her way. The slave stopped near the wall, carefully lowering a duffle bag to the floor.
He sighed silently in relief when she stepped away, and gladly sat down when his mistress motioned him to do so.
Sherlock shook his head. Even the short walk here had exhausted and disorientated him. "No," he simply said.
Holmes smirked amusedly. "In a sense. The car and the murderer are practically invisible."
"Did your husband do that?" he asked before thinking of the possible consequences. While the bruise on her wrist was now hidden under her sleeve, she knew immediately what he was referring to.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because he thinks being clever is enough to make him human. Because he will never accept what he is and submit to it like he should. And that makes him dangerous", she told, entirely serious. "I'd be very careful if I were you, or the body we'll find will be yours after he's killed you in your sleep."
His attitude remained the same on Monday when John woke up with a minor hangover. Soft spoken and polite. Slightly bowed head and little to no eye contact.
"Et tu parles français?"
John thought of it, trying to consider the slave's words, but quickly gave up with a shrug. "I don't know. A ghost?"
"I'm really sorry, ma'am," Sherlock apologised again. October? He'd been on sale for four months and he hadn't noticed?
"I may be a slave, but I
John folded his arms and there it was. Tongue darting out as he considered it. "Have you done it before?"
"Oh, you're
John didn't approve, but it would've felt wrong to take them away from him, considering what John had made him go through. "Fine, you can keep them. Just don't smoke them in the house."
They stared at each other for a while in silence. John was the first to look away and break the tension. He wanted nothing more than to unleash it and anger he was feeling, but this wasn't about him, was it? Human lives were at stake.
"Easy words for a free man."
"Same with them."
"It really wouldn't make any difference. I don't have the rights to sell him." It was true, after all, but even if it wasn't, he had a strong feeling he would not sell Holmes to this lady for any amount of money. Something was off about her.
"Wait, I don't know if I–"
John felt himself blush as he gaped at the slave. "Wha– oh yes, right, of-of course. Yes."
move, even if only a little. Holmes had been out on his own yesterday as well.
He got up quietly, took John's mobile and let himself into the bathroom. He opened a new messaged and typed quickly.
"Stop, please!"
There was uncharacteristic urgency to Mycroft's voice: "No, please. I'm seventeen on 12th. It's just two days. I can take care of him. Please, there must be something that can be done."
"This is nice," John commented, shifting under the duvet to find a good position. "I haven't had a bed warmed since I was a kid. We had a slave when Harry and I were kids, you know," he spoke.
"Really."
A man kneeling on the ground, barrel of a gun aimed at his head.
going to beg for it. And you know it can't be done."
"I don't know what you're talking about," Jeff Hope said, opening the door. Sherlock backed away as the man stepped outside.
John glanced at his watch. It was nearing ten already. He had an appointment with Ella at nine in the morning. Might as well go to sleep relatively early.
”Can I be of use, sir?”
"I doubt you did it on purpose, but you blame yourself."
"Done, are we?" she asked, not looking away from her mobile.
"You had
"It's rare for a husband to take the wife's name, but it happens. So she gave her husband's phone to you?" Holmes speculated almost to himself. "The phone she gave him. A messy divorce?"
"Holmes, you are allowed to see your brother. I've nothing against that."
Also I decided to just throw some of the characters that will make an appearance in the near future to the tags.
He looked at the mattress above him. If today was indeed Thursday 21st of January, it would be his twenty-third anniversary as a slave in little over two weeks. How time had flown. If he were to close his eyes, he could still easily recall his first night in a cell identical to this.
"Half-past three, sir. I'm sorry to wake you up, but–"
made? You disobeyed and disrespected me!"
Lestrade turned his attention back to the slave. "Well, you've probably read the news, it's been all over for a while now. Three identical suicides, but no connection between the victims. And now a fourth."
"Why?" Sherlock repeated. "They'd already handled my sale four times, I'd gone through seven owners. I'd been penalised for an escape three times and now I'd also attacked my owner. Originally they wanted to put me down. Of course they wanted to get rid of me."
She straightened herself in her chair. Tapped her notes with the pen. "Different how? You said he's a troublemaker."
"No. Absolutely not, no", he denied. "Holmes, I'm not going to throw you away."
They were just words, he reminded himself. He should prefer this to beating.
John's eyebrow rose slowly. "What's this now?"
He heard the shower go off little before the kettle's noise drowned all the other sounds from Sherlock. He prepared cereals and toast, since there wasn't much else. "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!" had to do, there wasn't anything else in the cupboards. Many slaves would have had hard time not eating some themselves without permission, but Sherlock had never liked eating. It seemed to slow down his thoughts, and after living a major part of his life on one meal a day, he wasn't particularly hungry yet. Despite it, his master invited him to sit with him, even allowed him a mug of his own and told him to make toast for himself as well. So Sherlock ate. It could very well be all he'd get to eat today and he didn't have anything to concentrate his mind yet that would take the attention away from inevitable annoyance known as hunger.
"No, you're right," he said. "All in the past."
John licked his lips. Was there anything else? He was certain Holmes would try to bend the rules if he wasn't thorough enough. "Right...I guess that's all for now. Or do you have any questions?"
"He seems to like me just fine," Sherlock let his brother know, acting far more confident than he felt. John seemed determined to "win" —to endure his behaviour and keep him. For now at least. Part of him feared what he knew would happen once he stepped over the line and John returned him. There was a part of him that wished for John to get fed up with him. Discard him like a faulty object he was, as so many had done before him. Because John was different. John made him feel...made him nearly forget what he was. A dangerous thing for a slave to feel, and a terrible ache in his chest each time he was brought down and reminded of his true place. They were not equals. John wouldn't forget for long what he was.
John wasn't surprised in the least to return to an empty flat. Wherever Holmes had gone, it wasn't home, but this time he didn't bother checking the GPS. He was certain Holmes would return eventually. And when he would, John would have him beg for forgiveness.
He sent the message to the last number he knew Lestrade to have used. His personal phone number hadn't been available online and Lestrade did not know of his email address or website, so he could only hope. He erased the message from the sent file, turned the mobile off vibrate and on silent mode before returning to his bed on the floor. He kept the phone on his stomach, under the blanket and settled to wait.
"Just don't make it a habit", he waved it off, still smiling.
"I am not done with you", he hissed at the slave. Holmes stared back at his angry smile. For a moment John feared the slave would defy him again, but Holmes cast down his eyes.
Sherlock straightened his back, abandoning the drunk act as he turned back to the window. He disconnected the call. "How do you make them take the poison?"
"Well you aren't one anymore. End of discussion."
“Quiet”, she ordered. “Not a word unless he wants to hear you speak. You’re a troublemaker and probably should’ve been dispatched a long time ago. You aren’t worth your own paperwork.”
He returned to the flat deep in thought, hardly even acknowledging John.
"Does it matter?"
The slave fetched his coat and started to unpack the duffle bag (damn, he'd need to figure a place for Holmes's stuff) while John took his turn in the bathroom. When he returned, Holmes knelt next to the fireplace, dressed in a worn t-shirt and pyjama trousers, his possessions other than clothes next to him on the floor in a messy pile, and the stuffed bag and coat on the other side.
Holmes grabbed his left hand with both hands and squeezed it hard. "Thank you, John. Thank you."
"You forgot your cane."
"You would have needed a new one anyway. Clearly you've had it for months. It's appalling." Holmes looked at him calculatingly for a second before adding: "I'm just doing you a favour."
He didn't know where Mycroft was. He didn't know where home was. He didn't know how to find either.
He really should have. All the signs had been there. When a free man was attacked, most fought back, but a slave... A slave's first instinct was to become submissive. And that was exactly what Sherlock had done. He had allowed Hope to push himself against the wall, he hadn't fought or resisted having his arm seized.
"Er... He's a slave", he told her, although it was too late already.
"Harriet! So I was right after all. Almost."
." She sounded like she was chiding a dog. "I'm your owner. You
John was glad they were forced to head for separate cars from the platform. It gave him some time to gather his thoughts in peace. The only slaves allowed on regular cars were those acting as nannies or some other kind of caretakers. Once they were reunited again, Holmes led his master quickly through the streets to a cozy little Italian restaurant. The waiter seemed familiar with Holmes and directed them at a reserved window table.
Holmes looked at him with a face suggesting they both knew the answer, but out loud he said: "Walking."
"Nothing, nothing", Mike assured. "I just thought they'd, you know, give you a female. Care and comfort and all that. Or did you–?"
"But it's password protected!"
does he know I have you? Who owns him?"
"Much happens in four years."
"That's...not my phone," John pointed out slowly.
Holmes shrugged. "Statistically more likely the killer is a man."
Not a week had gone by when he was already replaced and Sherlock looked at the replacement, thinking how easily it had been done. How easily it could happen to him. Mistress complained he didn't take his tutoring seriously enough. She said he was lazy and waste of money. That maybe it would be better to sell him while he was still young and worth the amount they'd paid for him.
"You'll have plenty of opportunities to see those some other time."
"You have your own forensics team here. Why would you need my slave? He's dragged me here
, let me keep them. I know I'm not ideal, but I'm not greedy. Please."
Detective Inspector Lestrade gave him a call around midday, and later arrived to pick up the wretched pink suitcase. With John's consent he took Holmes for further questioning of the previous night's events. Sherlock was glad to get out.
“You better behave yourself”, he warned. “Because you’re lucky, you know. Your number’s already on the list. They would’ve dispatched you after the auction if you were left unsold. And I see to it personally that you’ll end up on that list again if ever find out you’ve been thrown back to this facility.”
detective."
"And what did they call your mummy and daddy?"
Holmes sighed, ready to open his mouth and apologise, but John cut him off: "I'd actually prefer if you called me John. In private, I mean", he added quickly. Having his slave address him by his first name in public would be too pathetic even for a desperately lonely, useless soldier like him.
He was smacked across his face for the fourth time and first tears rolled down his cheeks. Mummy and Daddy had never hit him.
"Then what do you call it?"
toy with me, or this
"Yes, do", he sighed. "On your knees."
"Then we'll add one," John decided. It meant turning the sitting room into a rudimentary photo studio. They rearranged the lights and shut the glass doors to kitchen for a clear background.
Sherlock didn't care to correct him.
The smile returned to her face. "That's better. Always address me and my husband as your mistress and master. Use it like a punctuation mark. Do you understand?"
"Please. No more. Please..." he begged between ragged breaths. The slave whimpered. He had slumped all the way down, supporting nearly all his weight on his left knee, left arm and head pressed against the wall.
Sherlock obeyed. He fetched his violin and stood with it at the same spot.
Sherlock growled frustratedly. Why was everyone so thick? What use was it to be a free man when they never used their brains? When they never, ever
Mrs Spedding then proceeded to ask him a variety of things from what he did in his daily life to his education, all in French. It went on for a good ten minutes until she seemed to have asked all she wanted to know and was more than convinced that Sherlock did indeed speak the language.
frantic thoughts screamed, urging him to hurry, to search the other building.
The slave sat on his legs and started pulling out clothes from the bag he had with him, while the woman beckoned John to the desk. “If you would then just sign here and here, please?”
us," Ryan parroted. "That's what we agreed. It's my wife's birthday. What did you expect? The fuck is
"With your card."
"It's my
"Because I have
"Because Ms Wilson was smart. I don't think she lost or forgot her phone. I think she left it with the murderer on purpose."
"Forgive me", he murmured, pulling his own hand away reluctantly. It really was none of his business. He knew he should ignore it, but... Curiosity got the better of him.
John gave the slave a brief look from head to toe. He was tall, taller than John, but then again, it wasn’t a big achievement. He was a few years younger than John and looked the part, had a curly black hair, pale skin, piercing blue eyes and it was very clear he had been fully shaven some time ago. He had scars on his back, so John wouldn’t have called him “prime condition”. John quickly settled for his face. It wasn’t a bad face, but quite far from what he had been hoping for. He wouldn’t have said the face was unpleasant, but there was definitely something alien about it. Alien in a weird, handsome way. But it was a male. The slave’s jaw was tense and he stared intensively at the wall behind his to be master. John thought he really ought to say something. Maybe he could still get a female if he opened his mouth now. Ms Bruce looked at him as if expecting him to say something, and when he didn’t, she pushed the slave’s shoulder down and hissed: “Floor.”
Ella sighed. "John, I'm not asking you to write just to spite you. This
The only thing Sherlock had was his father's violin. But that he would not give up. Not even for her. It was the only thing he legally owned. It was the only thing he had left of his life before slavery.
Holmes seemed to pay more attention on picking his toast than his master's words, but said obediently: "As you wish."
accept what I am," Sherlock snapped. "...doesn't mean I have to like it."
"I'm a consulting detective, not a detective."
John didn't know how to respond. It was probably true, after all. Holmes misinterpreted his silence.
"Why is he here?" she demanded the Detective Inspector, completely ignoring the slave.
"Yes, I understand." Holmes paused for half a second before forcing the word out of his mouth: "Master."
Sherlock straightened his back and bowed. "Thank you, mistress."
Holmes frowned and John glanced at his hand holding the business card. He tucked it quickly back into his pocket where it had been. He hadn't noticed he had slipped it out.
The slave’s jaw tightened and he repeated: “Afghanistan or Iraq,
You did not rent your personal slave to strangers for sex. You just didn't. People might rather rent privately owned slaves than go to a slave club or get an escort, but he might as well be whoring himself. "Excluding that."
"What do you think, Dr Watson?" Mrs Hudson asked. Billy had followed them and stood now behind her, curiously eying at the visitors.
"Yes."
"Did you sing?"
The interviewer had raised his eyebrows in a manner that seemed to all but scream "you have PTSD, of course you are traumatised".
"I can, but I'm not sure if I want to…" He was surprised the thought slipped between his lips. Did he really mean that? "It's like he's playing some sort of a game, trying to see how fast he can make me get rid of him."
Sherlock stared at the man angrily before snatching one of the containers and getting up.
Holmes ducked under the police tape and approached his master with a bowed head. "Hello, master."
Only it never happened. They did come across a ship, but it was British, not Norwegian. It had been foolish to try to outrun them, but they had tried anyway. It, all of it –the escape and any hopes for freedom ended when the boat capsized. Too much speed, too much load, too sharp of a turn. One moment the icy wind had been beating against his face and the man next to him had been squeezing his arm –the next it felt like all air had been knocked out from his lungs when he was thrown into the freezing water. For a moment there'd been no up or down, but before full panic had had time to settle in he'd found the surface. And up there it had been chaos.
"Up. Stairs," he repeated, keeping his eyes on the men.
"Oui. Oui, madame," he responded bewilderedly. Was he to teach in French? "Ça parle français."
With quick, sharp sentences he spoke of the cabbie's lonely life. How he had no one at home waiting for him, not even a slave. Of the wife that had left him and of the children he still loved and she had taken away. And as he spoke he could see Hope's mask slipping. The more Sherlock spoke, the more it twisted a knife in him. At first it was sorrow and shame, but as soon as Sherlock mentioned the kids his eyes narrowed and anger flared.
It gave John more time to try to sort out things in his life. He cancelled his appointments with Ella, and sent out a few more job applications. Three days after the move he received an acceptance letter for Holmes's permission to use and carry money, or use John's card. It meant a new trip to InS headquarters for a chip update in two days time. With that done, John could dump the responsibility over shopping to Holmes as well. All in all, despite everything, life seemed pretty good for the first time since returning to London.
"Who told you you could use my computer?"
"Holmes, I'm still waiting!" John called over the television. Sherlock pushed the chair back to fulfil the forgotten task.
Their brief exchange was interrupted with an angry voice calling: "Hey! You. What are you doing out here?"
"Fatty! Oi, Fatty!"
"An enemy," John clarified. "What do you mean you don't have friends? What about all your emails then?"
The words were spoken somewhere far beyond John's dream of gunfire and sand, but a part of his mind registered the word "sir" and every fibre of his being tensed in alarm, ready to act.
After making himself a large mug of coffee, John returned to the living area to test the waters. He turned around a chair from the desk and sat down. "So... What was that about?"
It was a cold night in early March when Sherlock carried out his escape. In the dead of night, he opened the front door and stepped outside alone for the first time since being brought to this horrible place. He darted to the street and ran. It didn't matter where as long it wasn't here. He ran the unfamiliar streets as fast as he could, as far as he could manage.
He had, of course, disciplined slaves in the army, but it wasn't something he liked to do and many of his army mates had rolled their eyes and said he was going too easy on them. But it wasn't him going easy on them. It was him being careful with them. Slaves were human, too, and as a doctor he knew how fragile human beings could be. Especially since back in the army it was him who would have to waste time on patching them up if someone went too far.
"Your fan, yeah. Told me about you, told me about the website. I've been to it, you know. Many times. Brilliant stuff, loved it! Your bruise analysis is incredibly thorough. And quite a bit more interesting than tobacco ashes. And the case files!
John wanted to ask more, but said nothing. Holmes probably couldn't tell much, seeing he was duty bound to stay silent about his previous owners. But someone had certainly invested a lot in him. Someone had liked him enough to actually give him property.
John had already finished and mostly given up on trying to prompt his slave to eat more when Holmes's eyes lit up and he straightened his back in alert.
"No," he simply said.
"The birthday girl was veeeery protective of me," he assured. "I'm not exactly a virgin, but untouched from last night, if that's what you mean."
"We can't be anything but a master and a slave," Holmes finished for him. "I offended you and it's your right to punish me for it. I know.
told him to have meal ready by the time he'd get home. By skipping the interview he was more than two hours early.
"How dare you speak without permission." Lydia's voice was controlled, but she was outraged. She surged at him, bent down to grab his hair, and brought her lips to his ear: "Apologise immediately. And tell her, you wish she'll still take you."
John's brows furrowed as he considered him. "Do you like me?" he wanted to know.
John closed the the Handbook and placed in on the table. He sipped his coffee with a sigh. Not for the first time since his return to England John thought back to the slaves they'd had at their disposal in the army, especially to one of them. Before the army he had always prided himself for the fact that he didn't need to resort to slaves for company, but he had to admit it had been very nice and convenient to have slaves around who willingly fulfilled any request you might have had. Truth to be told, sex with those slaves had been the best he'd ever had. And god he missed it.
Sherlock quickly grew restless in the plain room that offered him so little to do. They were both briefly occupied by making deductions of the previous lodgers and Sherlock entertained himself by playing pirates in the top bunk. Mycroft humoured him by acting as a sea monster. But nothing held Sherlock's interest for long.
John hung up the phone and collected his cane. Seeing no other option, he did as he'd been told.
"He's done it at least four times, though, but he kept saying the third one wasn't an escape attempt."
She ruffled his hair again. "Well done! Now wipe those tears and follow me. My name is Lydia Marlowe, my husband is called Henry. Our house slave over here is called Hunny. She'll help you adjust to your new life. Don't worry, Holmes. You're in good hands. We'll take care of you now. You'll have a purpose here."
He stood up just as the first police car pulled to the front, soon followed by others, and he couldn't do anything but to stand back. He saw Lestrade and Donovan step out of a civilian car, but was stopped from approaching them. He tried to get past the officer blocking his way, arguing he needed to speak with Lestrade. It was his slave somewhere out there.
"I'm so sorry for his behaviour," Lydia hurried to add. "This isn't like him at all. We didn't tell him we were looking for a suitable new owner for him. We knew it'd be a long process. We set up the first advert in late October."
"No, master."
"Don't," John snapped. He drew a deep breath and repeated softly: "Don't. Just...don't."
) he’d get caught, he could just say he hadn’t tried to escape. That he just mistook the station because he had just been given to a new owner.
John didn't say anything, merely lifted an eyebrow.
and it's only a matter of time until the fifth victim turns up! I can stop the fifth from happening. It's pure idiocy from your part if you won't let me help them!"
Sherlock would have hated to admit it, but the cabbie was right. He didn't need to be forced to follow the murderer inside. His own curiosity was enough to drive him. He got on his unsteady legs and took several staggering steps towards the cabbie. The world went spinning around him and he would've probably lost his balance entirely had the cabbie not been there to support him. He didn't resist when the man helped him inside the building and through the dark corridors.
"Daniel!" she squawked. "Leave the slave alone."
"M? What's M?"
"On Friday."
Mistress Marlowe had known a great deal about violins and had been very keen to see the one her new slave had brought with him. She hadn't meant any ill with her actions, but he hadn't seen it so at the time. He had clawed and screamed and fought like a wild animal when she took the violin.
"We both know that's not true," Mycroft tutted.
"Yes, yes. Master, this is Mrs Hudson, Mrs Hudson, my new owner Dr Watson", Holmes did the introductions impatiently.
Again, thank you so so much for the many encouraging comments and your general interest towards my fic. I hope you'll enjoy this chapter as well! Tell me what you think.
"He's... I don't know. Different? His papers say he's been a slave since he was ten, but he's not like other slaves. It's...refreshing. Interesting."
"John, call me John when we're alone," he reminded.
“Of course...” John muttered, regarding the man silently. After a while he spoke again: “So... I don’t think I caught your name yet?”
"It's on the counter", Holmes replied. "Should be alright."
call me "mistress". Do you understand?"
"InS wanted to get rid of me."
"We'll have to stop by at Angelo's first," the slave pointed out.
"Fine," Holmes muttered, holding the door open for him.
"No."
John laughed, but it wasn't mocking or belittling. "No. That–that was good. You were right. It was fun."
"I've called 999. An ambulance is coming. So are the police, I think. Please. They'll kill me if you won't help me."
"Yes, master", Holmes replied, his tone rivalling his in its hostility.
Sherlock slid his hand under the pyjama bottoms. It would be more convincing if he looked the part. He would kneel down, undo John's belt and flies. Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed as he planned while stroking himself, imagined to detail what he would do to convince John this was what they both wanted. He would guide him to sit on the bed, pull down his trousers. He could start with teasing touches through John's pants. Help him off his shirt. Kiss his neck and roll his tongue around his nipple, trace the scar on his shoulder and caress his thighs. He could almost feel fingers curling in his hair, pressing him down, urging him to get closer and begin.
John made an agreeing sound and sipped his coffee. He wondered if Holmes had ever asked for the contract before his rights for one had been stripped away. He certainly seemed eager to have himself freed. Or had been, at least.
"Master," Sherlock began, though he didn't know what it was he wanted to say.
"To what?"
Rumour had it that the late Powers couple had already bedded the young slave they kept as their son's pet. Why else was the poor slave burnt to death in the master bedroom's cupboard that by all means should have belonged to the house slave?
enjoy it the way everyone else seemed to enjoy it. The worst of it was that it
"I'm going to send a text," he announced.
"No, it's Lestrade's phone."
They stared at each other for several seconds until Sherlock had to break the eye contact. His eyes simply wouldn't stay focused. Or at least he wanted to tell himself that was the reason. He fumbled to find the chair again and very nearly tripped on the floor before managing to sit back down. When his eyes found the cabbie again, the look on his face had changed.
"You strike hard. I know to fear that now," he pointed out. "You treat me well –perhaps better than anyone has ever treated me, and I respect that. You are my master, so naturally I'll obey you best to my ability."
"I still need money, though," John spoke. "I've been looking through some rental places, but I don't want to sign you up at an agency. It's just until I get paid."
Sherlock cleared his throat annoyedly. "I wasn't owned by the Yard, I was evidence. Anyway, what do we have?" he prompted tetchily.
"I don't buy into that act anymore," John scoffed, but decided to leave the matter. Holmes didn't seem to want to deal with this slave any more than his master did. Which only added to his surprise the next day, when upon returning from his now daily "get away from the slave for a few hours" walk the unnerving slave with a massive collar stood in his flat.
He glanced at his sleeping owner again. There was no more sleep for Sherlock that night.
my status for
"We? What do you want with my slave?"
"It's wonderful", John told truthfully. But he couldn't see how he could ever afford a place like this.
the real Sherlock Holmes."
"What about you? Why can't we stay with you?"
Sherlock hesitated for half a second. "Yes."
He shivered under his coat. It was cold on the floor, and the empty fireplace next to him gave no warmth. His master slept comfortably in his bed, radiator right there between him and the wall. Sherlock almost hoped he could have crawled to sleep under his new master's bed, next to the radiator, even if it wasn't a bed made for that kind of thing. Sex even might have been worth it, if he'd been allowed to spend the rest of the night sharing the same bed for warmth.
"It's broken!"
"I should just keep you in the house, " John had said one time.
John huffed. His Holmes certainly didn't seem to think so. But he agreed that a slave's way of thinking rarely was like that of a free person such as himself. A slave's worries were much more simple in nature. Holmes, however, seemed to have retained a troubling amount of self-centred thinking for someone being enslaved for so long. Perhaps that was the source of his ill temper. He flipped back to a section he'd noticed about behavioural problems.
Without thinking any further, Sherlock grabbed the closest box he could carry and rose to go after her.
It took Sherlock a while, but eventually, he managed to tinker the door and the lock of his cupboard so that he could open it from the inside. He packed all the clothes he had brought with him from home and stuffed some bread and a package of shortbread in the mix. He had to abandon the violin. Lydia Marlowe had taken it from him, claiming such instrument was too good for him. She had locked it away in the master bedroom, so it would have been too risky to attempt to recover it. Sherlock hated the woman for that. The people at InS had
"I'm not accusing you. I wouldn't do that", Holmes assured him. "But it's true, isn't it?"
"And shipped to Florida, yes, thank god for that. I would've made a terrible slave for you", Sherlock said, wrinkling his nose in distaste. "Your wife would've hated me."
He sat next to John without an invitation, but his master didn't seem to mind. They watched the news in silence and Sherlock didn't pay much attention to it until unexpectedly, a familiar face filled the screen. Sherlock hadn't seen Lestrade for nearly four years save on the newspapers, but the man hadn't changed much. Even Donovan was there. It was replay of a press conference about the serial suicides, he'd already read about those and had known Lestrade was on the case.
"No you don't, you called them stupid."
"Yes, that's me", John blinked in surprise. He'd been half expecting to see the same woman or some shady, sinister figure, not a civilised looking man. He was about to offer his hand for shaking when he noticed the large slave collar the man was wearing and quickly pulled his hand back. The slave smartly paid no attention to this, as though John hadn't just been about to make a huge, embarrassing mistake.
"I'm already on my way," she told. Within a minute he was passed to the Detective Inspector. He explained the situation briefly, told him the cab number and agreed to give his username and password for the police to check on Holmes's location with the GPS tracker. By now he had the location as well and Holmes was still moving. John tried his best to both have a conversation with Lestrade and discreetly instruct the driver the right direction.
"I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm just saying I can't hire you. Sorry."
On the morning of 10th Sherlock knew it could very well be the last time he ever saw his brother. It would be the last time he'd see his home. He spent the morning half heartedly playing in the snow with Redbeard. The dog, oblivious to the impending doom, was the only thing that had made him smile since the New Year's Eve. Mycroft, in his desperation, had turned to the last possible source and sat indoors, phoning every single person he could think of they hadn't reached out to yet, begging for them to help. When he ran out of even vaguely familiar people, he began picking numbers from the phone book by random. Sherlock entertained himself a while by flipping through the pages and pointing out people: "They have a nice name. Call them."
"And you think I'll just follow you?" he asked, horribly self-conscious of his left wrist. The stigma burnt his skin under the sleeve and he had to fight the urge to scratch it. The cabbie pulled out a pistol and aimed it at his head.
Hannah, or Hunny as she was called by the free people, shook her head. "I don't know."
"He treated me as equal even after he learnt what I am," he told, not really knowing why he said it at all. Perhaps it was the drug in his system. "Eventually."
John shook his head helplessly. The anger he'd felt just moments ago faded away and was replaced by a growing sense of shame and guilt. "I didn't need any more money. You got me the money I needed for now. You even paid back that cab ride you took. But I thought... A little extra wouldn't hurt. It was...it was so
"Yes."
The next part Sherlock knew well.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He had no bruises that would have been visible with clothing. Something in his body language must have given them away to Mycroft's keen eye, despite trying to hide any pain or discomfort came to him so naturally he hardly even paid any conscious attention to it.
John licked his upper lip. He wondered if they did any background checks on new slave owners. ”That obvious?”
John hummed again. "Why won't you just invite her here? If she's willing to walk, she might as well walk here."
Sherlock tried telling himself there was nothing to worry about or be ashamed of. His mistress was in the room and he could trust her. Even if he were to be rented, nothing would happen right now. At least so he hoped. Mrs Spedding's hand rested on his hip and the other cupped his left testicle, then the other. She lifted his penis, weighing it on her palm, briefly squeezing it and pulling the foreskin.
"I am
"What do you think you're doing?" he growled as soon as the door behind him closed. "How dare you–"
Seventeen, most likely. Judging by the size of the baby and by the fact that sixteen was the legal age for slaves to start having sex with their owners. At the time he had only recently passed the said milestone himself.
Blinding floodlights against the pitch black sea. That annoying baby crying and crying non-stop so loudly behind him he had heard it clearly above the engine's noise. It had been a small boat. Definitely not made for almost thirty people and not meant for crossing the North Sea. But he had thought it would have been enough.
"Did you clean the oven?"
He had never felt so betrayed in his entire life.
"Sherlock? Mistress wants you to serve."
"That's nice", he commented. Must be some kind of new hospitality thing he reasoned. Probably got his name from the card.
He gave an exaggerated, judging look to Donovan's legs. "And scrubbed your floor, going by the state of her knees. Doesn't your slave usually do that for you?"
"Could be someone whose loved one was already killed," Lestrade suggested. "I mean, you found him, so..."
"Well, they didn't." He sounded bitter even to his own ears. Damn Holmes. "Instead they gave me a rebellious, arrogant one."
He didn't know how much time had passed, but the next time Sherlock looked around, John had squatted down and was going through the late Jennifer Wilson's belongings.
"Are these—?"
"By being a
"Are you alright? You just sort of...stood there."
But the not-Anthea turned around without another word, beckoning Mycroft to follow her back into the car.
Sherlock lifted up his head enough to see the cabbie portentously reach in the left pocket of his cardigan and placed a small, sealed glass bottle on the table. Inside was a single white capsule. Sherlock didn't feel impressed and rested his forehead against the table again.
"PTSD", the interviewer had said the cursed four letters. "We can't have someone suffering from PTSD scrubbing brain matter from the walls."
"It's not alright," John snapped. Sherlock flinched away from his touch, though John still held his chin. He remained still as John examined his nose and his swollen eye.
The slave sighed silently, finally turning to face him. “Holmes”, he said like it was the last thing he wanted to say out loud. Strange, one would imagine that normally a slave would have been happy to have decent name instead of something like Strawberry, Cocklicker or...Ravenhair.
"I invited him", Lestrade explained, lifting the tape. Holmes slipped to the other side and kept the tape up for both of the men.
"I'm not even asking," Lestrade sighed. "So... How are you doing?"
Thank you for all your kind and encouraging comments. I hope you enjoy this chapter as well.
"Hush, let's make you a new one."
John chuckled. "Let me guess: you were terrible at it and they sold you."
but kind to you" he roared at the slave's face.
"Not anymore, no," mistress replied. "Bit of rebelliousness when we got him, but nothing out of the ordinary. He'd just been enslaved, when we bought him. And all slaves go through a phase at some point. But that's all behind now, isn't it, Holmes?"
He had no obligation to serve anyone but his owner, physically or otherwise. He had the right to refuse. But when you weren't allowed to even touch a free citizen without permission, let alone harm them, practice proved harder than theory.
"I'm your master and you
"Floor," Lydia ordered immediately, but for the first time in years, Sherlock ignored the command. He looked straight into his mistress's eyes. "Mistress, is this true? Are you selling me?"
you are, and you are neither. What you did today was
Sherlock could not bear that.
He couldn't fall asleep again, but he tried not to move in order to not wake his owner. It wouldn't even make much sense to try sleep more. It was early in the morning, and John's alarm would go off within the hour.
"For the record", John started, settling on the edge of the bed with his tea, "you could've just asked for permission for using the computer."
"An archenemy, according to his own words. His owner called him...Ma– no, My– something. Wait, "
Holmes looked at him like he only now had remembered who he was talking to and dropped down on his knees.
Sherlock waited for the door to close behind his owner and listened in silence for a while. A genuine smile crept on his face and he couldn’t help but to make a little victorious jump out of excitement. He was alone and unsupervised. Time to get some fresh air.
John pulled his hand back uneasily. "You did well. I guess you've earned it."
"At least they don't enslave their own citizens", Sherlock said, trying to hide the bitterness in his voice.
The slave –Mycroft, his name appeared to be, was at her side instantly, handing her a Black Berry that apparently had been kept in his inner chest pocket. She started typing, clutching the phone with her well manicured fingers.
"I'm wearing this ridiculous collar because people keep mistaking me for a free man. I'll have the word "slave" tattooed on my forehead if that's what it takes to stop that from happening."
Holmes served the dinner in silence and did not attempt to make any conversation while he waited on the floor for his master to eat. He washed the dishes in equal silence, careful to even not make much noise with the kitchenware as John started writing the promised update for his blog. He found Holmes scrubbing the bathtub an hour later after he was done. It was a short update, and he had deleted and rewritten it before being satisfied with it. Hopefully Ella would appreciate the effort.
"Ah, master, welcome home!" Holmes smiled and quickly helped John out of his jacket. "Was your job hunt successful?"
"Four times", John repeated. "And apparently that's only counting the times it went to the records. Considering what I know about you so far, I really wouldn't be surprised if there were more. I ought to get you a collar."
This time Holmes definitely looked offended. "Obviously."
"I'm sorry," the slave called Hunny said. "Mistress ordered me to. She fears you might try to escape."
He followed the cabbie's gaze that lingered on his arm. "And yes, I'm chipped."
“I guess we'll just need to get a cab”, he admitted his defeat, already silently counting how much it would cost him and then realised he had forgotten to ask for refund for the bus drive he hadn’t taken. Several cabs drove by, but none of them stopped.
"We'll never go home again," Mycroft replied. "But I promise you, Sherlock," he said, his voice hoarse and cracking at his name, "I will get you out of this. I
"And no more computer tonight," John added.
"That doesn't worry me," Jeff Hope said. "I'll be long gone before anyone comes to look for you.
Holmes had been on his knees instantly. "No, please. I'm sorry I was late. I can't promise it won't happen again, but I accept
"Really? I tried to get the department to buy you back then, you know. After that last case, and when they refused I figured I'd just buy you myself, but you'd already been sold by the time I got there."
"But it was as agreed? No one hurt you or tried to do anything to you?" John wanted a confirmation.
"Fine, my fan, what about him?" he cried, kneeling beside the man. "Your sponsor."
Sherlock looked at John across the darkness. John was...interesting. He couldn't quite tell why. His master was just a plain, depressed soldier, yet there was something intriguing about him. It wasn't the way John treated him, not entirely. True, so far John had been far less violent and far more forgiving than some of his former owners, but John still drew a thick line between them. John was the master, he was a person. Sherlock was the slave, he was an object. Yet there was something about him that...fit.
It was crazy, really. Absolutely mad, and he couldn't yet quite believe he'd spent a night chasing a murderer. And despite nearly losing his slave he had loved it.
"And you're not allowed to go out just for a fag. If you must, then do it while you're running errands."
"And I helped her out", the slave said. "I'm sure she'll tell you all about it if you ask nicely."
"John. Call me John", he reminded.
“Right, here we are. Bathroom’s here, kitchen’s over there”, John explained with a wave of his free left hand. “Just leave your stuff somewhere where it’s not in the way. I’ll figure out where you can put it later”, he planned, handing his coat to the slave. “Brew me a cup of tea for starters, I have to print out some CVs.”
Holmes was like string that could snap any moment and resumed into pacing around the room despite John's numerous attempts to make him sit down and relax.
Sherlock rustled open the plastic bag that had been on the seat as Lestrade went on about what his team knew of previous night's events. As promised, Lestrade had bought him new gloves. They weren't anything as expensive as the ones he had had before, but they were genuine leather, and he was pleased to notice they went far enough to cover his number and barcode. John wouldn't notice the difference.
Sherlock let the man's rant sink in for a while before straightening his back. Even thinking was like swimming in some kind of thick, murky water. He leant forward, both arms on the table now. "Oh,
"Three before you went missing, once after that. Why were you even missing for three years?"
"The Nordic countries work well enough."
"Like I said, a ruse", Holmes huffed. "Marrying their owner is just another form of slavery. Being a protégé is just another form of slavery. Emancipated slaves are rarely young and likely to die before they can pay back their debts to their owners."
"I'm going back to bed," John said. "Drink the tea and go to sleep. Don't worry about cleaning any of this up now. It can wait."
Holmes's eyes averted.
"Sherlock,
Holmes bowed deeply, thanked him profoundly and kissed his left hand as a sign of formal gratitude. The left because it was his dominant hand that granted these luxury items.
"Then where did they come from?"
"I can if you let me!"
"What
"Forgive me, ma'am," he mumbled hastily. Her fingers combed through his hair –probably to both test how it felt and to dry off his saliva.
"You knew," he choked.
"Then why did you attack him?" John asked softly.
had had sex with slaves in Afghanistan. Why did he care about this slave’s sexual history? It’s wasn’t like he had planned on having sex with his new property, anyway. Not now that it was a man instead of a woman. Besides, like many people from families who couldn’t afford a slave, he had always thought that an actual loving and willing person would make much better company in the bed. The “real men don’t need slaves to get laid” attitude. In the army there really hadn’t been other choices to have sex, and the bed slaves had been quite willing partners indeed.
“Alright. Thanks. It's...going to be handy to have a slave around, I guess.”
Sherlock swallowed and slowly unclenched his jaw. All in the past now. He couldn't forget it, but he could look at it, accept it and push it back to the furtherest corner of his mind where it had come form.
"That's what his papers suggest. It doesn't seem to have had much of an effect so far. I'm his tenth legal owner. And there's a three year gap where he was listed as lost property."
"Wrong", Sherlock repeated more forcefully, even though he hadn't meant to say anything out loud. "He's wrong. The victims are not linked and they are
"They had no right to touch you."
"I do, but you could do with the money."
and he shuddered at the memories. How he'd sat in the filthy toilet cubicle, biting into his fist so that the keeper would not hear his sobs, skin still burning from the completely unnecessary smack across his back. He hadn't done anything, he'd had the proper pass to go to the toilet, but that's just how the keepers and paid free men workers were. He was a slave and as long as it didn't stop him from working, they could do whatever they wanted to him.
"Holmes."
“Enough chatter, you’re lagging”, his handler called from the lift. She didn’t hit him. She didn’t need to. One brush of her shocker on his shoulder and Sherlock was on his knees, biting back a whimper.
Moriarty, what or whoever it was, had to be responsible. If Moriarty liked him, then it made sense to let him live. The laser sight might even have been a message. But that
"My fan?" Sherlock questioned, hoping to hear more about this...entity, clearly pulling the ropes.
"Listen, I– I know I said I wouldn't, but... The thing is, with the move and all the recent new expenses," John went on, circling around the subject.
Holmes snatched away the mobile before he could refuse and was immediately typing a number from memory. The phone was dialling almost immediately. Someone at the other end picked up after several rings and then, out of nowhere, Holmes's entire composure changed. He had yet to see his slave this animate as he suddenly had become.
"Myc, I'm bored," his little brother's voice came form the top bunk. "And hungry."
"Half four" John exclaimed. "When?"
John looked up at him. "Why?"
"Why are you so hostile about him?"
"Don't," John warned, but the man ignored him. He lunged at John, so John swept him back against the wall with such force that he groaned and blinked in dazed confusion.
"I didn't mean to! I just wanted to be smart–"
"Not everyone is a bad owner, Holmes. There are people who want the best for their slave."
"What would he use, then?"
, master, let me sleep."
, he'd been about to say. Stupid. He didn't need to worry about something like that anymore. He had a slave now. So instead he said: "It'd be...nice. Yeah."
I'm sorry it's taken me longer to update than I anticipated. I've been busier with real life than usual and it took me forever until I was even somewhat happy with what I'd written.
"Fine", John sighed and held the laptop at him. Holmes took it, signed in effortlessly and continued whatever it was he'd been doing without getting up from the floor. Or thanking him. John shrugged it off and made himself a cup of tea while Holmes typed at furious speed. Perhaps he should make Holmes type for him from now on. He was clearly much faster at it than his master was.
"I agreed with you."
He couldn't blame Holmes, though. As the master, it was his responsibility to make the rules and enforce the power structure. He should've stopped this nonsense of his slave addressing him by his first name, but he didn't want to.
"M-Moriarty. Moriarty!" the man shrieked over and over again, but Sherlock did not let go. The man's struggling was too weak for him to get away from the slave. Sherlock pressed and twisted his thumb as hard as he could and it took him several seconds to realise the cabbie was dead.
"So you don't want to tell me."
? The police don't consult amateurs, much less a slave."
The slave's voice had been pitched and breathless, he'd sounded as if he didn't quite believe or want to believe what he was saying. "I hit him. I hit my own master."
"Yes, he does seem to be missing the war," Mycroft mused. "Perhaps that's why he tolerates you. But for how long?"
”Hi, John Watson”, he greeted once he'd closed the door behind him. ”Collecting a slave.”
. You weren't supposed to be back yet. It wouldn't have affected any orders you gave me."
"He didn't do anything illegal, if that's what you're asking," Sherlock replied. He wasn't fooling even Lestrade with his attempts to hide his soreness. But he wouldn't have any lasting injuries, so there was nothing to be done about it but to accept it. Lestrade couldn't help him, nor would he want to help him. He may have treated him almost like a human being, but the social gap between them was still enormous. Lestrade would never see anything wrong with John or anyone else hurting him so long as it was within the legal boundaries, nor would he hesitate to hurt Sherlock himself.
"Won?"
"Mike. Yeah, sorry, of course."
The car was still moving when Sherlock came to. It took a moment for his groggy mind to piece together all the evidence around him and the memories from the past few hours. For a terrifying second he had thought he was back at The Oyster House.
Mycroft's fingers gripped him harder. "Please, Sherlock, this isn't a game. We are going to be sold, we are slaves now. You have to–" Mycroft cut himself off abruptly when a loud bell rang somewhere in the corridor. Mycroft pulled him into a tight embrace unlike anything he'd ever shared with his brother before. Sherlock's initial reaction was to pull away, but Mycroft only held him closer, his naked chest feeling warm against Sherlock's face. After a few dragging seconds that seemed to last forever he returned the embrace awkwardly. His hands wouldn't properly reach around Mycroft's body. In any other situation he would have cruelly teased his overweight elder brother, but now the thought didn't even cross his mind. His hug was clumsy at first, but soon he was clinging onto Mycroft for the dear life of his.
The orders snapped Sherlock back to reality. If John noticed the excited sparkle in his eyes disappear, he never commented on it. He probably didn't. Just one more idiot to serve, after all. "Yes, master."
"Where are we?" he asked without getting up.
), interacted with the readers (
This wouldn't have happened if he'd just opened his damn mouth and said he didn't want Holmes. That he couldn't manage a slave with history like that and that he would've preferred a female. Even a male would have done, if it had been a normal one.
His first job interview, the one he'd arranged himself and not told about to Ella, didn't go well.
With even greater reluctancy Holmes pulled out a full package of them and marched to the kitchen to toss it all in the bin.
"Why?" he asked coolly.
After some impatient prompting from Lestrade, Holmes said he'd share his findings after he could borrow Lestrade's smartphone. He then concluded the same the DI had already told them, but added that she probably worked in the media sector, had come from Cardiff only hours earlier to stay one night in London, and that she had multiple lovers.
to decide what's entertainment?"
Sherlock groaned, but complied. His muscles ached from lying all night on the cold floor and he had got barely any sleep at all. He could go long periods with no sleep, but for that he needed something interesting to occupy his mind with.
"Oh my god, my baby! Please, oh god, my baby! Where is he, where is he?"
"You do?"
. So you're
Pretending to stumble against the cab Sherlock took Lestrade's phone and dialled the number from memory. The phone in the car started ringing and it took only a few moments for the cabbie to take the call.
"Then why are you telling me?"
"A slave," he replied. John needn't know he was meeting a client. The case didn't sound particularly promising, but when a slave started her message with "Mr Holmes, I fear someone is going to murder me" he would not refuse to meet her.
buy you a muzzle. Am I making myself clear?"
"No, the shooter wasn't aiming at me."
"Why?"
"Then master should have said so. I couldn't have known that." Holmes's tone was neutral, but John could see him tense a little. Other slave might have flinched at John's tone, but not Holmes. He just stated the fact despite he'd clearly been thinking John might have actually hurt him if the bathroom wasn't sparkling. And of course, a normal slave would have started apologising the moment their master rose their voice.
John looked away. Holmes would know of course if he lied, but it wouldn't really matter, would it? John's word was his law, John's truth was his truth. He eyed at the plexiglass between them and the driver. Even if the driver had heard them, he didn't seem to care.
"Sh–." No, that wasn't it. "Holmes."
He couldn't look his big brother in the eye. He knew he couldn't promise that.
"Yes."
After Holmes had refused to wear proper coveralls and the Detective Inspector had shrugged it off, Lestrade explained the victim was a woman in her late thirties, called Jennifer Wilson according to her credit cards. The body had been discovered by local kids.
"Yeah? I was approached by someone. This someone offered me a huge sum of money for you."
"We need him", Lestrade reminded her. She didn't reply. Instead, her eyes shot on John.
The question clearly wasn't meant for him, but John felt to need to have a say in this. "Wait, don't make any–"
"I can't even afford this one."
John returned with clean tea towels. One to wrap an icepack, the other he dampened with hot water.
"But you–"
"So are you", she replied. Her eyes moved from his face to the loose metal collar around his neck and the distinctive clothing he wore. Sherlock bowed his stubbled head and cast his eyes down.
"Sorry, Mrs Hudson. This slave's been trouble in the past." He grasped Sherlock's collar and forcefully pulled him up on his feet. "I'll have him flogged for bothering you. He shouldn't be out here at all. He'll be dealt with."
When night came, Hunny took him to the kitchen and locked him all alone in the dark slave cupboard. It wasn't at all exciting like it had been those times he'd sneaked inside one at home, pretending it was a cave where a hidden treasure awaited to be found.
"So you're friends?" he asked, feeling slightly relieved. "Previous shared owner?"
"Tell me, Holmes", he started, walking to his slave. Holmes flinched barely noticeably, then visibly braced himself for whatever he assumed John would do.
Thank you for all the nice comments and interest towards this fic. I hope you liked this chapter as well. How do you feel about Mycroft? Please leave a comment if you have time. That would be nice. ♥
"I don't want the scene contaminated", the man called Anderson sneered at Holmes. "Do you understand? You aren't allowed to touch
So why did he act the exact opposite with John? Why did he accept the blame so easily?
"Don't call me that," Sherlock asked quietly. "Please."
"You'll be weak as a kitten for at least another hour. I could do anything I wanted to you now, Mr Holmes."
! He's not a witness, he has absolutely nothing to do with any–"
"Good to see you're still well fed," Sherlock replied, pushing the hand away. "Why are you here?"
"What difference does it make?" Holmes's annoyed voice called. "In the eyes of the law, we're not connected in any way."
“There’ll be a few other documents you need to sign after I’ve brought the slave, but that's it”, she confirmed. “Are you familiar with the slave rights?”
No one spoke until Sherlock closed the door to the sitting room behind him. He could hear John's low voice immediately after, but could not make the words.
"Your slave's been helpful with a few police cases in the past", Lestrade explained. "He used to be owned by the Yard –sort of. Hasn't he told you?"
This one he knew at least. "Mistress and master," he replied with a bit more confidence.
His second attempt was equal in its amount of success. As was the third, the fourth, the fifth... He stopped counting.
"Decided to go by the name my first owner gave me," Holmes completed firmly. Clearly not a topic he wanted to approach. "That, or whatever else my owner chooses. And Mycroft didn't choose to go by that name. His owner did."
"Were you hurt?"
Holmes nodded. "I won't take long."
"Mycroft", she called, extending her hand.
"I bet you would, if you could."
"I'm fine now."
John went out on Sunday night. He had reluctantly agreed on meeting some old rugby mates at a pub, but it turned out being more fun than he had expected. It was surprisingly nice to get to spend time with old acquaintances, even if it did remind him of things he was not proud of, and he absolutely detested the pitying looks his injury granted him. But no one mentioned it, so he was quickly able to forget all about it. Beer probably helped, too. It was a good night, all in all, and he returned home late. Holmes, who had been silent all day and speaking only when spoken to, had stayed up waiting for his master to return like a faithful slave was expected to.
"Throw them away. All of them if you have more."
"It's chance," he insisted, but his eyes were drawn to the bottles. "You're just lucky."
Sherlock stayed stubbornly silent. If there was anything he loathed, it was the slave oath. He'd almost rather have the beating than have to speak the oath.
"Rude, just rude. Just you wait until your new master hears about this."
turn around," Holmes stopped him quickly. "We don't want him to notice."
"It wasn't my fault," he argued weakly, burying his face into Redbeard's fur.
dig into your pockets and pay for the damage you've done. Then, and only then, you will walk out of that door and leave, and I better never see your faces again."
Sherlock was twelve when it truly hit him how insignificant his life was in the eyes of the free people. How little it was worth, how easily he could be replaced, and how cruel and indifferent people could be towards the likes of him.
"I don't think so", he grunted, but took the card. There was only a single letter M printed on the white, glossy surface with a phone number under it.
"Fun? I'd like to know if you'll still consider this fun when I'm done with you."
Sherlock risked a look at him, but bowed his head back down immediately.
"What the–"
"I should hope so," his brother replied. "And how are you doing with yours? Last time you were rather sore and you don't appear much better now."
Sherlock sat up and listened, careful not to let anything show on his face. His heart sank at the look on John's face. It was a clear confirmation that he wasn't joking.
His brother closed his eyes briefly. "Yes."
"Right... And how did you even manage to burn
"I used to be a citizen."
The slave huffed. "Very generous of you. Master."
"What do we know?" he wanted to know as they followed Lestrade inside. This time, however, Holmes walked behind him, head bowed down a little. Even his voice was softer and much less demanding than it had been outside.
"What is?" the bloke behind the counter asked.
But none of that would happen ever again. Sandy and the others were sold elsewhere. Mycroft had been sold. Mummy and Daddy were dead. Even Redbeard was gone.
John did not stay home for most of Saturday. He left, telling his slave he had things to do, even though he didn't. He simply didn't feel like staying in his bare, small flat. He would go crazy, end up staring at his gun again. So instead he wandered the streets, painfully slowly compared to what he had been used to before his injury. He sat a while in a café reading a newspaper. The two identical suicides from the past week still dominated the media.
The younger man nodded, proceeding with serving the take away on an actual plate.
"Slavers will take away naughty kids," Sandy had warned him many times. Even Mummy had said it. "Stop or I'll have your father sell you."
"Fine," the master sighed and took his phone. "Here. What do I do?"
, Sherlock," the man told frantically, but quietly enough for no one else in the room to hear his name. Something Sherlock was immensely grateful for. "Come on, keep your eyes on me. That's it. What did he give you? Quick, tell me! That's an order!"
Don't move, don't blink, don't make a sound. Don't let them see your fear.
Sherlock's lips twitched, but none of his dislike towards the task was audible in his dutiful “yes, master”. There weren’t a lot of them anyway. Just a couple of spoons in different sizes, two forks, a knife, three mugs and a plate. His master seemed to prefer take away straight from the package. He took his time nevertheless. He’d much rather wash cutlery than a toilet on his first day in his new home.
John Watson was a fair owner who treated him with as much respect as it was possible for a free man to respect a slave. He was a man of strong morals, unlikely to start abusing his property. So far his new master hadn't even shown any sexual interest towards him. The most logical thing for him to do was to do all in his power to make sure this man would never have him changed or sold. He would never get another owner like this. He'd been branded a difficult slave ever since his second owner. No ordinary family would buy him. And John wasn't just a fair owner. He actually talked to him like to another human being and seemed to genuinely like his company. Hadn't even slept with him yet. Could a slave wish for more?
"I should've known it was too good to be true. What's the point if you can't even be arsed to pretend?"
Both women turned to look at him.
John rolled his eyes. "Fine, do
The truth was, he almost wished Holmes weren't his slave. The few conversations they had had momentarily made him forget about how useless he felt. Having a slave to take care of all the tasks made him feel even more so, but talking with Holmes had been almost like talking with a friend. It was pathetic, he knew it was. Only old and lonely people kept slaves purely for company, but John could have done just that with Holmes.
"Of course I do."
"And you know what I think of it," the younger Holmes countered.
Sherlock stood up, still angry, still humiliated, but he tried to push the feelings aside and stomped to the bed. No one would care for his feelings, and he had far more important and interesting things to mull over. There was still a serial killer at loose. So he sat down on the edge of the bed, steepled his fingers before his face and ignored John the best he could.
Holmes flinched at his sudden outburst, emphasised with a violent tap at the floor with the cane. He hastily placed the milk carton he'd been about to open on the table and dropped on his knees, face towards the floor.
He knew his bargaining was for naught. He had absolutely nothing to offer. If she had wanted him to work harder or practice more, she would have told him so. If he had done something wrong, she would have disciplined and corrected him. He had nothing to offer because anything he could do was hers already.
"But you did. I didn't ask for your opinion and you'd do well to keep your mouth shut unless told otherwise. You are not a free man, so get on your knees
"I don't know." Holmes got up and gathered the dishes as he spoke: "Probably he let someone think he's not a slave. I'm not the only one who does that."
Sherlock let the man shove him away. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.”
"Your master isn't home?"
"Hold it. Who's this?" she asked, pointing her walkie-talkie's antenna at him.
. Forgive me, master."
"What about your brother? Was he there, too?"
Sherlock took one last look at his master before turning away. Taking support from the banister he dragged himself upstairs as hastily as he could. He'd made John angry plenty of times, but this was the kind of rage he'd witnessed after he had refused to kowtow in front of the Yard.
"Don't you mean she owes your previous owner a favour?"
"Take it. Have a good night's sleep and think it over. You might change your mind."
"That's unfortunate." Mike shrugged. "And strange. An army guy like you, one would think they'd provide you with a nice girl to take care of you."
"You did?" Mike sounded surprised and John couldn't blame him. He probably didn't strike as the type to buy a slave. He'd always taken pride in the fact that he could be arsed to do things himself.
Holmes rolled his eyes. "I gathered evidence, she managed to make people listen. She had them recognise it was thanks to me he was ever convicted. As a reward I was granted a request, within some limitations, naturally."
He blinked. "Would you..?"
. And it's not because you'd be against slavery, or even because I'm a man. You don't want to be called a master, because you question yourself as a slave owner. You won't hit me until I've really struck a nerve. I know you seem to think all my previous owners were abusive, but you're wrong. Most of my owners were perfectly normal people. Good, kind people. Even they hit me more than you do. You're afraid that once you start, you won't stop. You're afraid you'll go too far. Because it's happened before, hasn't it?"
"Fuck, sorry, sorry", John automatically hurried to apologise and explain. "I didn't mean to yell, it's just..." He gestured with his hand helplessly. "Just this leg. PTSD."
"Hello there, child."
capoeira."
"Very good", Holmes replied firmly. "You might be able to rent me for an orchestra."
"Fine. John."
"You'd better give him back, you know", she called unexpectedly.
Sherlock closed his eyes, drawing a deep deliberate breath to calm his pounding heart.
"You told me to 'do whatever you do'", Holmes quoted. He took off the coat as if nothing in particular had happened and hung it next to John's.
With John gone and no permission to leave or use to the computer, Sherlock had nothing to do. Or rather, there would've been plenty to do if one were a dedicated house slave, but he had no patience for that. He entertained himself by checking on a few experiments hidden at the back of the fridge and coming up with a new one he could hide under the sink.
talk to her."
John shrugged. "Well I don't feel like selling you. And as it's been established, I can't sell you."
John chuckled. "Well done, Holmes. Twice more and I hope I'll never have to rent you again. There might be a hen party you could do."
“Obvious”, the slave interrupted. “I know I wasn’t bought, so either I'm a prize or part of your pension. Your conversation while I knelt on the floor confirmed the pension, but I had already picked up you were a soldier. You are very tanned, so clearly you’ve spent time abroad recently, but the tan line ends at your wrists and neck, so you weren’t there for the sun. Your haircut and the way you hold yourself says military. So there, a soldier. Now, not everyone receives a slave with their pension. You are young, clearly you were forced to leave the army. Something must have happened and you must have committed some heroic act to be awarded like this. You were injured, but perhaps you saved someone.
. Why was Lestrade here?
"Why are you sending her a text? She's dead."
Sherlock could only nod. Someone rolled down the window of a car across the road. It was a fine car. Black, shiny in the sun with tinted windows. But Mycroft's clothes alone were enough to tell his owners were wealthy.
punishment. I know I deserve it. Please, I'm at your mercy. Just don't take this from me."
Hall C was farthest away from the main entrance, forcing the people to come through other halls. It was also considerably smaller than the others, containing only slaves between ages five and twelve. They had been arranged by sex and age, so Sherlock knew he was situated between other boys of his age, but he could not see them behind the walls. Some of the youngest ones were crying loudly whereas the older ones he had seen shedding tears were weeping in silence. But mostly the elder children were quiet, uncomfortable with their position as being items on sale, but comfortable with their fate as a slave.
"Easy now, Mr Holmes," Hope spoke in his ear. " We're going for a little ride, you and I."
"A passenger in the car we hit."
They didn't need to say anything. There was nothing to be said or done to change their fates. Mycroft had no reassuring words to offer that wouldn't have been lies. He didn't say it would be alright because nothing was alright. Neither of them needed comforting, fabricated tales or promises when the truth was so painfully obvious.
”Yes, I gather that from the fact that you are here”, the woman whose office he had entered said. She stood up to shake his hand. ”Joan Bruce. Please, have a seat.”
“Milk, no sugar.”
The slave looked cautious at his demand. "Just...John? Not 'master John' or..?"
Ms Bruce reached for the printer and then handed him the paper. “Please check that all your personal information is correct and then sign here.”
"I apologise, master", he said reluctantly, but loud enough for everyone present to definitely hear it. "Forgive me. I deserve to be disciplined."
Sherlock swallowed involuntarily, hoping immediately that Mycroft hadn't noticed. If he looked carefully, he could see his own distorted reflection on the polished metal collar around Mycroft's neck. "Someone did."
She told him they were in Brixton, and advised him to how to get to the main road where he'd have better luck finding a taxi. She lifted the tape for him, and John ducked under it.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," Mycroft said, even though he had nothing to apologise for. His eyes seemed to scour him for information. "You look well," he offered. "I'm glad you still play."
Sherlock flinched at his tone. John's mouth was a thin line with a slight hint of a smile as he glared at the men who had brought him back. His hands Sherlock sometimes saw tremble were perfectly still.
John bit the inside of his lip, feeling ridiculous. Hell,
"With all due respect, Doctor", Lestrade started. "Your slave's worked for the Yard in the past. He's been great help. There's been several arrests we couldn't have made without him."
Sherlock had never felt so alone. Too late he realised he hadn't even wished Mycroft a happy birthday. Not that it was a very happy one.
Holmes hissed in pain, but it was drowned by the sound of the belt smacking onto his back again. He unfolded his arms and leant against the wall with a muffled whine as his master struck him again and again with each word he spoke.
his phone?" He didn't even want to think of the consequences.
"They're slaves and they're not my friends," Sherlock dismissed. John wouldn't need to know. And he wasn't lying, not entirely. Some of his clients were slaves. The name Sherlock Holmes had a good reputation amongst them. It was obviously a risk to take cases from free people at all without telling them he was a slave, but that was part of the thrill. Most things were trivial anyway, and didn't require him to do anything or go anywhere that would give away his status.
The first man he recognised. Ryan Brisson. He'd rented Holmes to him and his wife the previous afternoon for the wife's 50th birthday party. They were supposed to return Holmes in the morning –rested, fed, and showered. Holmes seemed far from it. Apart from the shower part, perhaps. His clothes and hair were damp, but the light drizzle outside wasn't enough to have drenched him. Even so, his nose was coated with dried blood. His eye was swollen and dark.
Stupid, stupid..! He had never been about to drown, yet it always happened in the dream.
"Sherlock, do not give your name to your owners. It's the only thing you really have. Do not let them have your real name. And whatever happens, I need you to promise me one thing."
"Donovan!"
"Yes, of course we are," the slave said, again looking down at him with his unnecessarily large collar. The front curved out a little under his chin and looked like it curved more under his shirt to sit on his chest. It narrowed towards the back where the locking mechanism was, but the front was heavy and wide enough to keep it from turning around. "Didn't he mention?"
"Hello..?"
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Please let me know how you feel and what think about it, if you can spare a moment. ♥
the same way, no links between the victims and there won't be any. If I could just–"
"No. You don't like it here? You sound almost disappointed."
It was little compared to what they would have done –had done– to him at The Oyster House for resisting. He much preferred a punishment that left him bruised than those that left no physical mark. He should have given in.
"Don't lie to him, Sandy," Mycroft chided tensely.
"Well, I couldn't ask to be freed, for instance."
"Enlighten me then", John requested mockingly. "Why do you think they weren't suicides? All the news say they killed themselves in the same way."
a doctor", John had snapped a little harsher than had probably been wise in his situation. "Brain matter on the walls is not a problem." It really, really wasn't. He didn't like it, who in their right mind would, but he knew he could handle it without freaking out or mulling over it later.
"That cabbie wasn't exactly a nice guy. I've seen plenty of people die, and some of them were pretty good people, too. I killed few myself, people and slaves alike. Tonight isn't going to weight much compared to that."
"Thank you," he replied like a good slave probably should have said in this situation. He felt hollow.
It could mean literally that –get under the covers and move when the master wanted to sleep. Small children liked their bed already body temperature in winter. Hot water bottles worked as well, but a human body spread the warmth more evenly. Sherlock had loved it when he was child.
John took a seat opposite and buried his face to his hands.
His master nodded. "I believe you."
On the other side of London, a man sat in front of a laptop. A video feed of Doctor John Hamish Watson collecting his items and exiting the car played on its screen.
“Yes, master.”
Sherlock had to bite his tongue not to say anything. It wouldn’t do him well to anger the man. If he ended up with a bloody nose, the slave handler who had come to collect him might have him changed for another one. Then he’d definitely end up to the death row he hadn’t even known he’d been on already.
"? You have
"Nothing, I'm sure it's nothing," he dismissed.
“Goodbye, Mr Watson. Enjoy your new property.”
"I defied you, master. I apologise. I'll prepare the coffee right away", Holmes promised, lifting his face from the carpet to test the grounds. John had not objections.
He looked at his hand. The black glove was soaked in blood.
p.s. I might settle for renting. I hear he does mean blow jobs. Can you confirm?
Sherlock opened his eyes to see him poking at John's used sock with the tip of his umbrella. He sprang up and kicked the sock under John's chair where its pair likely was as well. "It's exactly as John likes it."
"What do we say?" she asked sweetly.
Mycroft closed his eyes, leaning his chin against his fingertips. "No, no they won't. They'll get us sold for a higher price if we are separated."
me. You can have me be whatever you want."
"Yes."
Jeff Hope lay on the floor in a quickly forming puddle of his own blood. Across the empty cafeteria the bullet had made a neat a hole in the window, but it was difficult to see if anyone was behind the glass when it was dark outside and the room was partially lit. And whoever the shooter had been, he was probably well on his way by the time Sherlock regained his mobility.
"Shall I pour you a beer, master?" Holmes asked, setting the plate and cutlery on the table for John.
There were still police officers and cars with their lights flashing everywhere. Not really knowing what to do, John made his way to the only familiar figure he could spot. Sergeant Donovan stood in watch at the same place where he'd first met her.
"For what?"
“Nine-nine-oh-ar-hyphen-seven-nine-slash-three-jay-three-a”, the slave recited quickly from memory, without needing to check his wrist where the ID was permanently tattooed, like a half of some kind of a bizarre wristband. His stigma, as the tattoo was commonly called.
let me sleep. You don't want to drink caffeine at this hour."
talk to me like that. Just answer the question."
"I won't."
"I could just walk away," he remarked, propping himself up.
Right, off to work then. The kettle was easy enough to spot, but he needed to rummage the cupboards to find a cup and the tea (bags, no loose leaves, but Dr Watson didn’t seem to own proper tea, so there was little actual brewing involved). There was milk in the fridge, but he couldn’t locate any sugar cubes, just regular sugar.
Cars arrived soon after they'd eaten what Saffron, their kitchen slave, had almost forced them to eat. "You won't be getting food this good at InS. Eat," he'd said.
"A man called Sherlock Holmes doesn't even exist," Sherlock snarled at the cabbie. "If you truly researched me so thoroughly beforehand, you should've checked. Or did my "fan" forget to mention? I'm
Both of them turned to look at the caller. It was Lestrade at the front door. She called back that she'd be there in a second, but before leaving she turned to look at John for one last time. "Get rid of that slave while you still can."
John watched as Holmes crouched down next to the woman. His hands trailed under her coat's collar, he leant closer to sniff, emptied her pockets, examined her hands and jewellery. Was this, whatever he was doing, why someone wanted to own him? Enough to offer nearly anything in exchange. No slave was worth what he'd been offered, surely.
"See, that's the strange thing, because he isn't", John said, finger lingering near to his face for emphasis. "He's been a slave most of his life. I've never met a slave like him. It started out alright, he was really obedient and helpful, if a bit odd, but a good slave nevertheless. I did read his papers and I guess I should have taken what was written a bit more seriously, but he seemed like a real bargain..! Then I found out he had sneaked out of the house while I was away. And he used my computer. Now he's been completely impossible all morning. He does what he's told, but he talks back and argues, and behaves like I've insulted
Holmes grunted disapprovingly. "It's none of his business."
"Sixth's the one you liked, right?"
Thank you so much for the interest towards my fic and for all the comments so far! They make me tremendously happy! I hope you enjoyed this chapter as well. :)
"I–" Holmes cleared his throat in an attempt to make himself sound less hostile, and started again: "I. Am. A slave."
be free again. It didn't even seem so important anymore. He learnt Hunny's name, her real name, the name free people never spoke. Her true name was Hannah. It was common among slaves, and it saddened Sherlock to realise he had never know Sandy's real name. Sherlock had loved his mother, but Sandy had been the one who always took care of him.
"Risk?" the cabbie echoed. "What can he do? No. The real risk is what I'm about to show you."
John had to drag his eyes away from the heavy looking dark, polished metal collar that disappeared under the white shirt's collar and look at the slave in the eyes instead. "How...do you know that?"
"But they're taking you away, too."
"What, no, no!" John hurried to correct himself. "I meant "yes, I get what you mean", but no. No, you don't have to...shave yourself. No."
"Very funny," the slave huffed. He opened the tap for hot water and moved the plates and cutlery in the sink. John stood watching him for a while, occasionally sipping his coffee.
on seeing dead, murdered
"No, don't! Shit, come back! You're getting both of us in trouble!"
"You haven't offended me", John assured the slave. He sighed. "Look, I've got to see my therapist in the morning, and it's been a long day. Use the bathroom if you need to, and I'll see if I have anything that could be used to make you a bed."
"What makes you think you can do that?" John yelled the slave. "I don't care what you feel you need. I'm the one who decides what you need. And I don't remember giving you a permission to go out on your own!"
"I know."
For Sherlock February the 10th came and went, marking the beginning of his 23rd year as a slave. He didn't think of it much. Two days later, 12th marked the anniversary of the auction that sold him for the first time. Lying on his mattress he spared a thought for his brother. He hadn't sought him out, hadn't said anything to John. Before sleep took him, he murmured under his breath.
"Right... Up! Up immediately!" John grabbed the blanket and forcefully pulled it away. "On your knees,
Sherlock bit his lip nervously. "No?"
He smiled briefly and pocketed the weapon. The lighting here was dim, but after his initial fright Sherlock had taken a better look at it, and he was fairly positive the "weapon" was nothing more than a toy.
"I was evidence," he told, but didn't elaborate why. "Turned out my legal owners didn't want me back anymore, so they kept me. After about a year I was auctioned, but I managed to impress Lestrade and help him with his career. It didn't work out with me and my fifth owner, but my sixth owner was... He encouraged me to help the police. So I did."
John wasn't so easily convinced, nor would this slave gain anything by flattery. John wasn't his master.
He found her sitting alone on a bench outside the warehouse. It was dangerously close to the main gates for Sherlock to be, but he cared little of that right now. He set the box aside and promptly walked to her.
"Because you haven't bought any," the slave replied softly, as neutrally as he could.
"A lucky guess then."
"Yes, of course," he confirmed, sounding quite sincerely confused for John having doubted his motivations. "A week ago I didn't even know he was alive."
"You are my brother," Mycroft stated as if it should have explained everything.
"Twenty-five–" Sherlock repeated numbly.
All the other victims had been indoors, hadn't they? He wasn't sure.
xx M.
The cabbie laughed dryly. "I'm not going to kill you, Mr Holmes!"
But she spoke again and gears shifted in his head to their proper positions. He hadn't imagined it. It was real. She was real. He gaped at the woman standing near the offices. When she turned and started walking away with a freeman worker, he panicked.
"I'd rather not talk about it," Holmes said under his breath. He took a generous gulp of water John had given him.
"You've got to be kidding me," John groaned, bringing a hand to his face. He felt like exploding any second now, but Holmes remained blissfully ignorant.
"And you don't?"
"I don't know..." he admitted, meeting John's eyes. His master smiled at him reassuringly.
What did people do when their slave disappeared? Should he call the police? Or InS? Should he wait and see if he came back?
"An enemy. Perhaps even "archenemy"", the slave mused before tilting his head sideways and adopting a more serious look. "Tad dramatic, don't you agree, master Watson?"
Sherlock rose, pulled the blue tee shirt over his head and let the dark grey sweatpants along with his underwear drop on the floor before stepping out of them. He used his bare foot to lift them, gathered all the clothes in his arms and exchanged them with the floor guard for an ill-fitting dressing gown: too short, but hanging loose on his narrow shoulders.
"Happy now,
"And make it spotless." John waved him off angrily. The plastic bag with Holmes's pillow and blanket was still on the floor. He kicked it under the bed, out of view. Holmes could sleep another night with his coat and the bag.
Even in the dim light John could see this was likely true. Ryan Brisson's lip had recently bled and was badly in need of a stitch or two.
"Did they ever rent you for anything else than to play the violin?"
handles”, she said, emphasising her correction. Typical from an InS worker to frown upon the abbreviation everyone else but themselves were using.
"Oh for– Give it to me." John pushed the lid down and snatched the laptop away from Holmes's reach. When the slave said nothing, he prompted: "Well?"
like you?" he snarled. "Never."
“I should hope so”, she said, giving a meaningful glance at the man in question. The younger man turned to John, bowing deeply for several seconds to acknowledge him as his new master, before throwing the bag over his shoulder and striding to open the door.
allow it."
Sherlock's mouth opened in protest and his wide eyes filled with tears. "No! No, they can't! They can't kill him! You can't take him!"
"Yeah, about that..."
Sherlock snapped back to the reality. The cabbie seemed to take his second of silence as surprise.
He wished he could. Everyone else did it so easily. Even Mycroft could find pleasure in it. So why couldn't he?
He sprinted to the street, but the cab was already taking off. He tried running after it, but stopped when he realised there was no way for him to catch it. He took his phone, opened a new text and quickly typed down the cab number while he still remembered it. He walked back to the spot where the car had been parked less than a minute ago. There had to be
John shrugged, not really wanting to go into this. But he supposed Holmes needed to know. He was his charge now, so Holmes should know.
, but he still had to earn another hundred quid tonight or he wouldn't get his fix and he
"What do you want? Who are you?" John asked, though dreading the answer as he saw a black car pull next to the phone box and its door opening.
It was a poorly executed plan. It wasn't a plan at all. The slave called Hunny kept a keen eye on him and had him work beside her, but as soon as she turned her back on him Sherlock ran. He sprang out of the backdoor with his bare feet, still wearing the same clothes InS had made him wear the day before.
Holmes produced the said item from his pocket and handed it back to John. "I took it from you after the scene you made, just in case. Turns out I needed it."
"Boy, if you calm down I'll let you pet him one more time before we'll go," the man from animal control promised.
has a plan."
"There's a lot of mold between the tiles."
"What?" an irritated, muffled reply came from under the covers. "I haven't been sleeping well. I was on a case, you saw me. It's my legal right to sleep, so fuck off."
The slave leant forward, bringing his long, slender fingers together in front of his face. "I find it hard to concentrate on tasks I don't find interesting."
defy me," she sneered, placing the cane under his chin.
Holmes made a dismissive gesture. "All you need to know should be in my file."
"I…" John had forgotten what he'd been about to say, momentarily lost in her eyes. Maybe if he introduced himself..? One never knew, he might get lucky. She already had some interest towards his slave, or at least her slave had. A convenient excuse. A bit like using a dog to ask a girl out, actually.
"Marlowe," Mycroft pronounced with a hint of a knowing smile.
Tears still rolled on his face each time he blinked, but he was too exhausted for anything more. He wished he could still be at InS with Mycroft. He'd rather be in that cell together with his brother than here. Maybe Mycroft was all alone, locked in a cupboard somewhere just like Sherlock was.
"You're not smart, Sherlock. You're a stupid, stupid little child. You were always
John folded his arms. "Why?"
From the corner of his eye Sherlock saw John's left hand move and he quickly closed his eyes to take the slap that never came. Instead, he felt careful fingers on the bridge of his nose.
"Still, it pays well", he mused. "I can afford a slave now, it's a great help."
"How can you be sure of it?"
"First of all, everything I've already said still stands. You get up in the morning with me, preferably earlier, if you can. You make the breakfast while I'm using the bathroom. You can eat with me –actually you can always expect to eat with me unless I tell you otherwise. I'm not going to starve you, so I'm fine with you eating more than once a day, six times a week. It's your job to take care of the dishes and keep the kitchen clean. Keeping everything clean and neat is your job, and I expect you to keep the flat in order without me needing to specifically tell you every time. I don't really care what you do while I'm out. You can sleep or watch the telly, but I don't want you to go out without letting me know, alright?"
"Well. Aren't you a pretty one," the guest commented. Her fingers brushed at his side. A violinist, Sherlock observed as he filled her cup. Not unusual at all in their household. Perhaps she was a student after all. Or a former friend. Mistress had had a moderately successful solo career before meeting her husband.
"Did you just tell
He snapped his eyes open again. Jeff Hope gave him a knowing look. "Ready to play?"
my permission to go out! And don't give me that look", he said when the corner of Holmes's mouth twisted ever so slightly into a smirk. "I checked the GPS record. It wasn't just today, you went out yesterday, too."
have archenemies?"
He lifted his head to look at him and placed an apologetic smile on his lips. "I could start over now, but I'll need to wash the–"
"Of course I didn't." There was a hint of mockery in his voice. "You would have noticed when you came in. I used the window", he explained, nodding towards it. It was indeed unlocked. John hadn't even noticed.
Sherlock wrenched himself free and escaped to the top bunk without a word.
"Is that alright?"
the flat. You
"Obviously."
Sherlock didn't even blink. There was only one thing. "Sex."
"Myc," his brother whimpered quietly.
Escape was, naturally, the most sensible thing to do. And so Sherlock did. He was not a slave nor would he ever be a slave. He only needed an opportune moment.
She shook her head before continuing: "And you know what? One day he'll snap. One day we'll find a body of some poor guy who had the misfortune of owning him."
Sherlock shook his head. "No. She's walking from Warren Street."
Sherlock sighed and sunk on the leather armchair that had become "his" seat. Seat! He had a seat. Unbelievable. Most of his owners hadn't even let him sit on furniture without permission. He leant back and looked at the ceiling.
All the information concerning the slave 99OR-79/3J3A in an online form. John clicked the tracker. It immediately asked him whether he wanted to use the free version, start a paid service with a monthly rate or a paid service with a minute rate for temporary use. He clicked free.
now", he stressed, just audibly enough for him to hear it.
What an idiot he had been! He had known he'd be flogged anyway if caught, but he might as well kiss goodbye to half the meals for a week or more. He would be sent to clean toilets and waste containers. There were rumours of slaves accidentally being killed when beaten for disrespecting the people in administrative positions.
He smiled. "Well, you don't need to know about that."
John went straight to bed without hearing the smallest sound from the slave. When he woke up in the morning he'd completely forgotten the existence of Holmes until he, still half asleep, opened the door to the loo.
"Who are you, exactly? How do you know my slave?"
He had ruined John's business for the night and perhaps for good. And for what? For something as meaningless as sex. True, the deal was no one would touch him, but what harm would it have done? John would have never known and got the money he so desperately needed.
The next day they headed for Baker Street. They took the tube, and arrived to the Baker Street station a little before the agreed half past four.
"Yes, like
"Tomorrow. She's agreed to meet you. I'm certain she can offer you bigger rooms for the same price. You only need to find a job."
, master. Allow me this privilege and a small amount of privacy. Please."
is proper thinking. You're a genius!" he praised. "You should update more often. Though you can't after tonight, can you?"
"Do you think you can beat me? You're good, but at the end of the day, you're just a slave."
"No. No, I'm not. Where did you get them? Did you steal them? Did you steal my money and buy them?"
"You know, there's something else I've been wanting to talk about," John began. "About Saturday."
Holmes smirked. "I reckon this'll be worth it."
do you want?" John nearly shouted as he flung the door open. The man at the door doubled back, but the other one behind him stepped closer, dragging a third man by his lapels and shoved him at John. John tried to catch and hold stumbling Holmes upright, but his slave tripped at the threshold and fell on the floor, dragging half of John's dressing gown with him.
"Go inside. There is much to talk. I'm sure you understand your position."
Of course, he had recovered quickly and caused a scene, but nevertheless. And the shape he'd been in tonight when they'd found him. Sherlock hadn't even known him at first. Greg had never seen him in such intense state of horror. Whatever had happened to him during the past few years (America was it?) had changed him.
And while he didn't want to be a slave, he made a decision then. He wasn't waste of money. He would not be thrown away. He would not be replaced.
born into this", Holmes growled at him, his expression twisted with anger.
"Just one more unfinished business then," Lestrade stated after he was done. "We still haven't found that suitcase you kept talking about."
Sherlock reached out his hand and the cabbie stepped closer, wrenching his arm and pushing him against the wall.
Both slaves turned to look at him, but only the one whose name John couldn't remember greeted him.
"You saw him. I haven't got all day. Get back in the car."
to have his reasoning betray him, yet he could not deny the rationality of it. He knew his situation, in and out. He knew what he was and he knew there was no way out of it. Not for him. He just refused to believe it.
"He's not for sale", John said immediately. He surprised even himself by the confidence in his statement.
"Which you are", Holmes confirmed. "Technically."
"Twice", he admitted. "I've killed a slave twice."
Holmes considered his words with a nonplussed expression before nodding slowly. "Very well. John."
But why make an offer to buy him, when they both knew it was impossible? Or had he found some kind of a loop hole?
"I'm not picking up a fight here, Holmes", he eventually said. "I'm just trying to...to get to know you. Like it or not, you're living with me and I'm not throwing you away."
They were served their final meal together at what seemed like early morning. The auction would begin at ten in the morning, but neither knew at what point they would be taken to the hall. Mycroft had been to a smaller scale slave market once. The slaves had been arranged in groups by age and sex or sometimes by their skills. He had heard the Greater London Slave Auction to be held in a separate building with large halls where the slaves would be arranged by age. They might have to stand for hours, enduring how people looked at them like they were objects (
"There you go. That wasn't so hard, was it?" she said sweetly, but when no reply came, her brows furrowed even further. "
"The money is for your children," he realised.
The idea hit John and he scrambled to the desk to get the slave's file. There it was, written on the contract. A website address, a user name and a password. All he had to do was to log in and he could check the slaves GPS record.
"No," Sherlock replied. He truly didn't. Not apart from a few very basic steps. What he'd done had not been capoeira –it had just been a manifestation of his panicked state. Even if he had known capoeira, he would have never admitted it. Not even to a master like John. A slave who knew how to fight was a danger to the free people. Only the most loyal of slaves could ever study martial arts.
John turned his head to see a door slave standing in the doorway. As was to be expected of his kind, the man was well over his fifties, but eager to help him find his way in the building complex.
John frowned aversively. "That'd be really messy."
Holmes took the case from John and sat down on the floor with it. He unzipped it and began quickly going through the luggage. John was, once again, momentarily at loss of words with his slave's behaviour. The man growled in irritation, jumped up and paced the room for several seconds before throwing himself on to the bed.
John followed him. Clean plates and cutlery were on one end of the table, used bowls, cutting board and knives on the other. Holmes set the book down on the counter and started to gather the dishes.
He must have looked truly miserable, for Lestrade said: "I'll buy you a new pair."
“Keep that attitude and they might keep you. Move it.”
He dragged his fingers through his damp hair –they'd pushed him under a cold shower after he'd accidentally kicked Ryan in the chin. Then they'd tried again.
"You foul mouthed–"
He came to accept that his home was no more. This was his home. Nothing would bring his parents back from death. Mycroft was a slave and could not help him. Mycroft might as well have been dead among their parents.
"You've killed a slave, haven't you?"
make sauce, right?"
For John.
The slave nodded and there was a moment of silence before John turned to look at him. “How did you–”
"Yes what?"
Behind his back the slave smirked. Sherlock rubbed his fingers and returned his attention to the laptop.
Damn mistress Summers. He hadn’t even done anything wrong, not this time, not after Florida. When master Summers had purchased him little over a year ago, it had been a relief. And he’d sworn to himself this was the last time. He hadn’t exactly embraced his new life with his new owners, but he’d decided he was tired of trying to escape it. Pursuing freedom wasn’t worth it, not if it wasn’t one hundred percent certain to happen. He’d sworn himself he wouldn’t risk it, wouldn’t risk his life, sworn himself he’d behave. And he had. For little over a year he’d been as good as he could. It had taken him
John watched her go and disappear inside. Having no other choice, he started walking towards the road she had pointed him and tried to brush of the things she'd just said. Holmes was difficult, not dangerous.
Holmes raised his hands either to protect himself or reassure John, and pressed his back against the seat, putting as much distance between them as he could in the taxi. "I didn't research you or spy on you or go through your things, I
The cabbie shrugged. "Anybody I could walk through a wrong door, really. People who didn't know where they were going, people lost in a new town."
He swallowed, trying to appear more awake than he was. "Master?"
He and the others near him were kept on display long into afternoon. Sherlock fought again and tried to run when he was released to be taken to the actual auction stage. Other slaves tried to hush him and calm him down. Their anxious, almost frightened state of mind was catching, and when it finally was Sherlock's turn to step forward to be auctioned he could only stand there like a deer in headlights. The room was full of people, all eyes were on him. Slaves wearing InS uniforms led him forward, made him turn around and kept an eye on him as the bidding began.
"Items. Or objects, if you prefer. Property."
"He'll be emancipated?" John questioned surprisedly.
"Why?" he asked. "Did I do something wrong? Wasn't I good enough? Whatever it is, I swear I'll be better. I'll work harder. I'll practice more. I'll do anything you ask. Just please,
"I'm sorry," John whispered. Not just for Trevor. For what he could have become. For what he had done.
"Me?" Mistress rarely had Sherlock serve anything. If he was not told to play, he was stuck in the kitchen preparing more refreshments and doing the dishes. Hannah was his senior and usually acted as a maid.
He didn’t get to choose, but considering the circumstances, he was quite positive it would be a female. He was an invalided soldier. They probably thought he needed someone gentle to take care of him. Not that he was complaining. He imagined a young blonde, girl-next-door type of a slave. A little shy, but eager to please and make a good first impression on her new owner. There would be sex tonight. John didn’t waste time on thinking he’d be the slave’s first owner, but he actually preferred it that way. His thoughts drifted to the dark skinned slave girl back in Afghanistan. Her name...John wasn’t sure if she’d had a name. Whatever the soldier chose, probably. She’d liked John, had been sad to see him leave. John regretted he’d been too much in physical pain to have one last night with her.
John must have seen. He wasn't a complete idiot, he'd know something had gone wrong. Eventually. The question was...how long would it take for John to realise that this time he hadn't just wandered off on his own? And what would he do about it? Would he even care? He really couldn't trust for John to do anything and had he not been drugged he wouldn't have cared. But now... Like the cabbie had said, he
"What..? Papers? What papers?" Sherlock gasped. "Are you–? You're
Mycroft took support from the bed to sit down. He wasn't allowed his crutches in the cell. Yet they gave him a razor for shaving. He beckoned Sherlock to him with a grim expression. His brother came, and he took Sherlock's shoulders in his hands and looked his little brother straight in the eye.
"The name thing."
"So that you can kill me, too?"
"You saw him. You saw how he's like", she said with distaste. "He enjoys it. The weirder the crime, the more he likes it. He gets off on it. He
I've just caught you a serial killer," he reminded. "Sort of. Also I'm in shock, as you yourself said. I'm no use to anyone right now."
Because Hope had moved the bullet intended for his heart had hit too high. Not an instant death, but there was so much blood the man wouldn't live much longer. Sherlock grabbed the cabbie's shoulder and pressed his thumb on the bullet wound. "You'll die, but I can still hurt you" he growled, pressing harder. "Tell me!"
"You know my name?" he questioned instead, slowly, exaggeratedly to make the words as clear as possible.
"I've been asked to go", Holmes cut him off. "By Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard. I texted him a while ago to let him know I'm in London again."
"You idiot," Mycroft cursed, pulling him away. "Stupid child, don't you know when to keep your mouth shut?"
"Good. You can stand up now," John said after a moment of dragging silence. "But I'm not done with you yet, not even nearly. We'll come back to that later."
"He's annoying," Holmes said, but there was a touch of warmth to his tone that made John suspect he wasn't truly as hateful towards Mycroft as he pretended to be.
Sherlock didn't answer. Of course he knew. But his brother wouldn't let the subject drop.
"You've already met him, I'm sure you already know everything there is to know about him," Sherlock said as he sat on the edge of the bed, trying to evade the topic they were heading to.
"I don't think more than few pounds an hour is realistic. Slave is typically the cheap choice. You could charge extra if I had to learn something new or stay after midnight."
John smacked the back of his head, mostly just because something like that was expected of him, but it was still harder than he had meant it to be. He was relieved his slave was alive and well, truly he was, but underneath he was still incredibly angry for Holmes's earlier behaviour.
John looked at him long and hard. No matter what Donovan had said, he didn't see a dangerous slave. Holmes was too clever for that. There must have been a good reason for him to risk his life. "Why did you attack your owner?"
True, John had noticed that, too, when he had moved in. He couldn't help but to admire the amount of work his slave had done.
Looking back now, he felt sick of how he'd been. Sick at the fact that they'd been right at InS. It
assume. If you don't know something, then ask! No matter how stupid the question, no matter how irrelevant it might seem to you."
"Please don't do this, mistress" Sherlock pleaded, looking up at her. The first tears rolled down on his cheeks and he reached out to touch her. She slapped his hand away angrily.
you were a citizen?"
"Master, don't—" Sandy pleaded, but Mycroft cut her off. He wasn't about to sugarcoat any of this to Sherlock.
"Did you not want me to?"
"I bloody well hope so", John spat, slamming the door behind him. The car took off and he watched it until it turned away from the street. He'd been left neatly at his own front door, driven a circle around the neighbouring blocks. What on earth had that been about?
"Holmes," his mistress barked immediately. Had she been closer, she would have certainly smacked him on the head.
He had quickly learnt to shut away those two and a half years of his life, learnt to treat it like a large hall in his mind palace and securely lock the doors. It was probably partially because he was still building those doors and locks that his previous owners had not wanted to keep him. And to know he'd been nearly put on the death row because of that...
“Thanks”, Dr Watson muttered. After sipping the tea and a while of silence he added: “I guess you could do the dishes next.”
"I was not", Holmes denied offendedly. "They sold me because my master's roof and insulation company went bankrupt."
For a moment there was such anger in her eyes that John prepared for being slapped. But as quickly as the anger had appeared, as soon it was gone. She smiled, completely calm and handed him a business card.
"Northumberland Street," Holmes replied. He opened the door and was on his way while John still pulled on the jacket.
"Well the phone isn't here and it wasn't with the body. It has to be somewhere."
is going on?"
He the clutched the phone still lying on his stomach and risked checking it to get something else to think of. There were no new messages. On the other side of the room, John grunted in his sleep. Sherlock hid the phone quickly. Clearly his owner had a set of past horrors of his own haunting him in his sleep.
he deserved it. If it weren't for him, surely Mummy and Daddy would still live. If it weren't for him they would have never left the party early. Maybe if he had not cried, maybe then the car would not have crashed.
John shook his head in bemusement. "Take a shower, too. And get rid of that toothbrush."
"Your previous owner, you mean."
"The contract is nothing, but false hope to get slaves behave. The owner can back away from it ridiculously easily. Disobeying even once can be used as an excuse for the owner to call it off. No one truly wants to free their slave."
"You didn't get criminal record, though", the slave observed. "They wouldn't have given me to a person with history of violence against slaves."
concern. And her slave called himself your archenemy
While the pages loaded he examined Detective Inspector's phone. There was a crack on the screen, but it appeared to be in working order. It took him a moment to locate the address book, but he found what he was looking for: Donovan, Sally.
was he supposed to do now?
"A slave," he replied simply, clenching his fists to prevent John from seeing how they were shaking. John was furious at him, but he was also angry at his master. Angry and humiliated.
", he managed to growl between grit teeth. If Holmes apologised immediately they could leave it at that, but of course he didn't. John could hear a concurrent, shocked gasps of disbelief around him when the slave kept standing tall, his chin held high and eyes fixed at his owner in a silent challenge. John really didn't want to resort in violence, but if he would not take immediate action to discipline his property, this already exceedingly embarrassing situation would turn into a complete and utter mortifying humiliation.
"Not in the least. I might even ask you to. What do you mean by 'this and that'?" John wanted to know.
John turned around to see a smiling stranger get up from a bench he'd just passed. The man looked vaguely familiar, but John couldn't quite–
John turned. His eyes scanned the street, but he saw nothing out of the ordinary. "People. Cars. A motorcycle, couple of bicycles. A cab."
. He sat down with them, a cup of coffee and toast. To his annoyance he'd realised the take-away Chinese he'd bought earlier had gone lost somewhere along the way. He probably left it in the previous taxi while being busy following Holmes.
"You could, easily, if you had a job", Holmes insisted. "And you could always rent me for some extra", he added a bit reluctantly. "You can get me a work permit, I could work at night or when you're not home."
"You'd rather I'd done nothing?"
"Someone's initials," Sherlock replied.
John turned. It took him a few seconds, but he located it. It was like an eye staring right at him. He nodded.
"What about that? What is it?" John asked, pointing at paper bag Holmes had left on the kitchen counter behind himself.
A good bottle and a bad bottle. One of which Hope had slid across the table to him. His grand manoeuvre.
"Right..."
"He has his ways... His owner is perhaps the most dangerous person you'll ever meet, but neither of them are my concerns right now."
Holmes still had the chance to be freed at some point. Attacking his owner could have very well taken away the privilege of having the right to ask for an emancipation contract for good. It could have led in deeming him dangerous and put down completely.
Holmes abandoned the toast and suddenly all his attention was on John. It would have been unnerving to be the target of such intense eyes if he'd been a free man, but getting such a look from a slave was disturbing. The slave leant slightly over the table. "Just one. How do you feel about the violin?"
"No one takes their own life when threatened with a firearm."
"Uh, I've no strong feelings for or against", John answered, taken aback by the unexpected question. "Why?"
"Apologies", came a muffled response from the floor.
It could have meant he should ready himself for that. Considering he'd been John's property for almost two months now, it was about time. During the weeks John had owned him, he hadn't so much as touched Sherlock in any even remotely sexual way. No groping or slapping his arse. The only times John touched him were to discipline him, and those times Sherlock knew what to expect. Having lived his life with people so often randomly touching him it felt almost unnerving that John hadn't done anything of the sort. Unconsciously he was near constantly prepared for unwanted touches, and when none came the nervous energy just built up within him.
"It dropped on the stove from the shelf and was set alight by the gas."
John snapped out of his thoughts at the irritated question. "What? No, why?"
Holmes pursed his lips stubbornly. "Yes. Yes, I've always disrespected my owners."
John straightened his back and gripped the cane, again ready use it as a weapon should need arise. As the door opened, he realised none of the cameras in the area were pointed at them.
"Fine," the irritable slave retorted. "I apologise, it was unacceptably rude. Now
"Look, I'm trying to catch a serial killer here and a little faith in it would be appreciated. So if you could just
Mycroft's words came back to haunt him.
"Oh it's alright, it's fine!" she hurried to reassure him. "Don't be afraid. It's nice to hear a familiar accent once in a while. I haven't been to England for two years now. I always think about visiting, we have a house in London you see, but my husband is so busy and well..." She let out a breath. "There's just no time."
"–if I need to pop out to the shops?" the slave finished.
"Just so that you know, master", he started, "During the times I've used your computer, I've also removed a trojan and several viruses. I also updated the antivirus. For safer surfing on those porn sites."
John licked his lips. "I agree. How does he know you? And more importantly,
"Master", or occasionally "mistress", was his new full stop and little else ever came out of his mouth these days. Everyone here was a master. At first the change in his accent made them bully him even worse, but eventually they grew bored of him.
"Hello, Angelo," Holmes greeted with a slight bow, but didn't turn towards the man. His eyes were locked at the street outside. Angelo slammed his hands on the slave's shoulders and looked at John. "You're new."
There was Holmes of course... It was fair within his rights bed him if he so wanted. Holmes had even assumed he would. Rightly so, John supposed. But he had been, at the time, still far too appalled by the idea because he'd been expecting a female. Not that he had never been with male slave, but a female was always the first choice. The only choice when it came to free people. He wouldn't want a relationship with a man.
"Fine. What happens now? Explain."
John reacted faster than his conscious mind could comprehend. The knife fell on the floor and the man moaned in pain as he was thrown against the wall, arm twisted painfully behind his back for a moment before John let go.
So he stayed silent and still, listening to the man's harsh breathing and how he tossed himself on his stomach, burying his face into the pillow. Sherlock didn't feel sorry for him. As a slave he should have felt some sort of compassion for his master, even for a new one, but Sherlock had never been like that. Would never be. He had never given up his pride or his free will, not even in Florida, even if it had been close. His body might have belonged to someone else for the majority of his life, but he'd never surrender his thoughts or feelings. Those no one could take from him unless he gave them.
The slave didn't even stir.
because he was a slave, not entirely. He'd met plenty of slaves who appeared to actually like it.
The defiant look in the slaves eyes only seemed to increase, and his lips curled with confined anger, but the man lowered himself to stand on his knees, bowing his face slightly downwards, still looking at him under his eyebrows.
bad. I'm sorry, you're the only one I could think of. Please come, I need your help."
"But apart from little soreness you seem perfectly alright. What about the potential buyer? Have you learnt anything new?"
broken him.
"Now that's just impressive," someone commented. Sherlock turned to look at the direction of the speaker. The cab driver, Jeff Hope, was looking at him through the mirror. "I figured you'd stay unconscious a little longer."
John wrote it down. "Okay, good ideas. Anything else?"
for once to be the one causing someone pain. He applied more pressure and more blood pooled out.
right."
He blinked several times, willing his eyes to focus, to make some sense of the surroundings.
The task bar showed one opened document titled ’CV’.
Sherlock buried his head deeper in the pillow and pulled the duvet tighter around his body. Not explicitly, no. Subtlety had got him nowhere. John wasn't attracted to him or men in general. That shouldn't have mattered. He was a slave. His duty was to pleasure his owner, not to be loved or adored. John didn't need to find him attractive to take his enjoyment. Did John really think Sherlock would object? Even if he would, why would John care?
"It was my fault," he confessed into the dog's ear. "I didn't mean to, I didn't know–"
would never be to serve and obey and love his owners. He was a human being,
When Sherlock still said nothing, his expression turned angrier. "Don't it make you mad? Why can't people just
"Yes," John agreed. "Yes. And I'm glad you didn't get yourself killed. Come on, it's getting late. We should head home."
Angelo left, and although Holmes initially didn't want to order anything, claiming he didn't eat while on a case, John had him eat a portion of pasta of his own. Holmes paid little attention to the food and kept a keen eye on the other side of the street behind the window.
"Yes, well technically
Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed it. Please leave a comment if you can spare a moment. That would make me very happy. :)
(See the end of the chapter for
of importance", Holmes assured annoyedly. "I just checked my e-mail."
“How do you take your tea, master?” he asked, just to be sure, as the printer went off. The man turned to look at him like he'd forgotten Sherlock was there. Which wasn’t an unusual situation –he was a slave, after all.
"And I don't mean a post-it note." John felt like making it absolutely clear. "If you want to go out, you are going to need to ask for a permission. I want to know where you're going and what you're doing. And I want you back punctually. And if I deny you, then you are not leaving the flat. If I catch you leaving the flat without my permission again, I
"If no one buys you, what do you think will happen? You won't be freed. You'll be sold to a factory in a batch. Do you want that?"
She went on: "How about your living arrangements? You don't live well. Just a word and a penthouse by the Thames can be arranged. A job at any of the hospitals in London? It can be done. Or if this island is too small for you, just name your favourite country. A beach house in Thailand? How about New York? All of that? And of course, the Institute will give you a new slave, but if one isn't enough... What's your favourite brand?" She paused to think for a second.
"No? What, why? You just said I'm qualified."
John thanked the slave. When the lift's doors opened, he found himself in a cozy reception area with large windows, green sofas and a handful of potted plants. There were at least thirty people in the room, a few of them with slaves. He eyed the ticket machine. Button number one said “auctions”, number two “lost property”. The sixth read “pensions”, so John pushed it and received a ticket with F135 printed on it.
The Detective Inspector shook his head. "They're evidence."
"Master, please," he would say. Husky voice, pleading eyes. He'd reach at him, let his hands hover just above his crotch –a slave would never touch before given permission. But he could pretend he wanted to. "Allow me, master."
"You can get up now."
"Forgiven, but not forgotten. You can get up and start preparing my dinner."
Lestrade tolerated him, Mrs Hudson felt she owed him. But neither ever forgot what he was. And John Watson, while fascinating in his attempt to be both, a master and a friend, owned him.
Holmes made a sound to acknowledge he was listening. It encouraged John to continue and soon he found himself babbling all sorts of things from his time in medical school. Holmes listened dutifully, never interrupting or showing signs of boredom. He actually even asked a few questions, though all of them concerning something technical rather than something personal. Nevertheless, John was only too happy to provide him with answers.
The miserable chant rang in his ears, haunting him from the dream. From the past.
The news were unsettling. Four of his network were dead. What or whoever Moriarty was, they clearly did not appreciate people asking too many questions.
"It's just sex. What's there not to like?"
clean unless I tell you to."
Sherlock laughed. He could hear his own nervousness and it disgusted him. "What do you think? It was her birthday. She didn't want just music and one more slave to serve drinks."
"Do as you are told, Holmes. I just praised how good and obedient you are. Do not prove me wrong."
"See, it's not hard at all," she repeated. "Well, I will tell you this only once. I slapped you, because you did not address me properly. It's alright, I can forgive you this one time."
The laws were strict that way. Slaves weren't allowed to possess money, drive a car, work with a salary or travel on their own without proper paperwork in order.
"Like you,
John shook his head and stood up. "Holmes. I'm not–no. I
The first few days at their new home passed with slowly unpacking everything. Holmes was the one largely doing it, and he insisted on putting all his clothes in some specific order John didn't understand. He wouldn't have cared for colour coding his shirts, but he left Holmes to it after being frantically told multiple times that no, that particular jumper couldn't go there because of its pattern.
Yes, master. I'm sorry, master. Here, master. Thank you, master. Please, master. May I, master? Thirty-eight, master. Can I be of use, master?
There was nothing to be learnt from the notes, so Sherlock had left them with the slave in Regent's Park. He could get them back later if he wanted to and it was safer to have them somewhere where John wouldn't see them. They were all written by the victims on a receipt, a burger wrapper, a five-pound note, and a torn piece of Evening Standard –all items the victims most likely had had on their person. Each death was different and each time the bodies had deliberately been left so that others of Sherlock's network would be the first to discover them.
"No, but I'd like you to stay."
get yourself a good owner. Be nice. Do everything you can to seem moderately intelligent, but
First tears rolled down on Sherlock's cheeks. If only Mycroft were here with him. His brother always knew what to do.
"Let's just say he holds some interest to me."
"We've arrived. Goodbye, Doctor Watson."
"Ah. Sherlock, you have to stop being so–"
he mused as Holmes handed him back his cane and put away his jacket. Hopefully the slave had managed to prepare something nice. John was starving. He knew his cupboards were practically empty, but there should have been enough ingredients for spaghetti with vegetables or a sauce or something. That or maybe an experimental pizza.
"I'm not an assassin, Mr Holmes," the cabbie laughed.
"Yes. Just thinking."
John felt exhausted as he later limped up the stairs back to his flat.
Florida especially, still far too recent and fresh in his mind. It felt like a miracle to be back in London. Compared to Florida, this was
He knew the cabbie was just winding him up. He knew and yet... He wanted to prove himself right, to gain recognition from someone, even if it was a serial killer.
John hummed and sipped his coffee. Just the way he liked it. "So. Your brother's a slave, too?" he inquired, trying to strike a conversation.
"I like all my owners," Sherlock countered instantly. Force of a habit.
Mr Hope assumed a more self-satisfied expression. "I've got a sponsor."
"No, it's not about that. I met someone."
just accept that this was how he would live the rest of his life. There would be no better master than John Watson had already proven to be.
"Of course, Sherlock Holmes! I was warned about you."
can beat–"
“And that's it?” John asked, but his surprise was drowned under the annoyance he’d started to feel towards the woman.
(no, I absolutely do not find slavery acceptable in the real world)
"Once you prove yourself trustworthy, you won't be locked in," she spoke. "Goodnight, Holmes. I'll let you out in the morning. You can help me prepare breakfast."
It was an unlikely theory. Why the cabbie was killed, he didn't know, but it was too much of a coincidence Hope was shot by a sniper and someone had paid him for killing –just because they found it amusing. The two had to be connected. Could the cabbie have got too carried away with it? But why risk and leave Sherlock alive?
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried if pressing his eyelids did any good for the headache. It didn't. "How did you recognise me?"
John took the clean plates and began setting the table.
"Her case," Holmes told, removing his coat and scarf. "Wasn't very hard to find."
"That fucker tried some capoeira shit on us," the second man accused, boldly stepping to the doorway. His breath smelled of alcohol. John didn't budge. The man may have been taller, but his aggression didn't intimidate John.
"So I've come to understand. And I'm immensely grateful for that."
John raised an eyebrow. "Really?"
Sherlock nodded without looking at him. "Thank you, John."
She bit the knuckle of her left index finger thoughtfully, then shook her head. "That's too difficult, we'll go with Holmes."
"That you can't cook. It's not like I'm going to flog you for that, if that's what you're afraid of. So, next time when there's something you really just can't physically do, just tell me. I mean, I didn't even read your file yet. I don't know where you've been before. I saw you were used as bed slave, but I just assumed you were a full time house slave."
John threw the towel on the table, cursing under his breath as he stood up. "No one but me has the right to bed you. You are
John listened in silence, dreading a little what they'd find. And while he didn't want to admit it, he was a bit excited and curious. He thought of the kids (actual children?) who'd come to this clearly abandoned house and ended up finding a body. Lestrade led them into an empty second floor room. Well, empty apart from a rocking horse in the corner and a woman dressed in a bright pink overcoat lying unmoving on the floor. John stayed by the wall with the Detective Inspector, but Holmes was immediately all business and alert. He took a step forward, arm extended to the room and stopped. For long seconds none of them moved or said a thing until Holmes beelined to the corpse and started slowly circling it.
Apologies for any mistakes, English is not my first language. I'll be updating the tags and characters as they come along.
John growled in frustration, raising his hands in defeat. "Fine.
"Oh, Sherlock. I'm so sorry. I will miss you." She hugged him and made him tea before going upstairs. She slept in the cupboard in the master bedroom.
He wiped his face both to wake himself up and to put aside the memories. Irrelevant. Not now.
"Sergeant Donovan?"
The cabbie said nothing, still attempting to stay inexpressive.
That broke Jeff Hope into a conceited smile. "Aneurism," he told, tapping his right temple. "Right here. Any breath could be my last."
John had allowed it, but when they stepped in and Holmes all but collapsed on his spot with his shoes and coat still on, just dropping John's cane aside, John wasn't happy. While he removed his jacket, the slave pulled the blanket to cover himself entirely. The pink suitcase still sat on the floor.
The DI was completely unfazed by Holmes's extremely unslave-like behaviour. John couldn't help but to wonder. Holmes had been a slave for nearly his entire life, hadn't he? Why were the police treating him like...well, almost like a
"You don't need to stand there" John told him. "I don't have anything for you to do right now. You can take nap on the bed if you want to."
," he scoffed despite his hands would've been shaking like leaves next to his legs were he not balling them into tight fists.
It was truthful enough. As long as he stayed away from cash machines that would react to his chip if he went too close and kept his stigma hidden, he passed easily as a citizen. Even so, he hadn't been able to beg or ask enough money for a phone call, let alone for a cab. The tube and the buses were entirely out of question for a chipped slave like him travelling alone without proper papers. Ones he didn't have anymore, now that his owner had changed. Not that he had been able to come to central London apart from a few special occasions while under master and mistress Summers's ownership.
John looked uncertain and for a reason. It wasn't that far from renting him for sex.
Sherlock hated the other slave. He hated the Marlowes and he wasn't afraid to make it known.
Naïve, so naïve.
"Of course. I told you: it's my business to know."
Wiggling his fingers nervously John chose one of the buildings at random and tried the door. When it opened easily, he ran inside, shouting for his slave. No reply came, but John kept calling as he tried doors and looked into classrooms and offices. His footsteps echoed in the empty corridors.
"No, no he didn't," John asserted, glancing at his own slave with judgement. "But nor did you."
"It's just Baker Street," he tried one last time before turning away. He'd seen enough. Jeff Hope, as the label identified him, was his man. There was a pink phone in the car.
"I know," Sherlock lied despite he knew he wasn't fooling Mycroft. His brother saw instantly that he hadn't known of the organ donor position. He really should have seen it himself. He was young and healthy. He would have survived multiple operations that'd cannibalise his vital organs and body parts for the free people lying in hospitals waiting for them. He might have ended up a lung or heart donor. He shuddered at the idea of waking up after an operation, perhaps blind and in pain, just waiting to die.
