Dean Winchester is there when Castiel opens his eyes. He shouldn’t be; he wasn’t the first time around.
Behind him, Kelly Kline locks eyes with Cas, and he knows she understands. He knows she would have done the same thing, had it been within her power. “Because I made a promise,” Cas says, before looking away from Kelly. “Because I love you, Jack.”
“Christ, Sammy, I don’t know what I think,” Dean says. He lets out a humorless laugh. “All I know is I was at home when my phone rings, and on the other end of the line is some teenager that, apparently, is the newest friggin’ prophet, and he starts telling me you’re alive and that it’s all the angels can talk about.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, both of them. He opens his mouth again to offer the phone to Sammy, but he looks away quickly, so Dean doesn’t bother. Kid’s probably overwhelmed, Dean thinks, and he’s not gonna force Sam to take a call when there’s still a shitton of stuff they’ve got to talk about on their own. Bobby’ll be here soon enough anyway. “I’ll text you the name of the place, and our room number.”
Cas curls up on Dean’s lap, when Dean is finally relinquished from cooking, sharing the camping chair he’d claimed as his own. Dean’s fingers scratch lightly near the too-long hairs at the back of Cas’s neck. Cas fidgets with the stitching on the shoulder of Dean’s t-shirt.
It’s just after nine by the time they hear Sam’s car rumbling down the road, and Dean tenses underneath Cas’s hands. Cas lets him go and pauses the movie.
How many of his siblings lay dead at his feet, decimated by an angel who promised them freedom then proved himself no better than their God when they refused to adhere? How long will he spend clawing their blood off of his hands, tasting it on his tongue, seeing it in every reflection of his angel blade? Out, damned spot. He understands now just how murky Hell can be.
“Headache?” Dean guesses, and Cas nods without pulling away. He sighs when Dean reaches up and starts running his fingers through Cas’s hair. “You not drinking enough water or something? You’ve been getting these a lot.”
Sam pulls Cas into a tight hug, too, once Dean lets go of him and they all shuffle further into the house. Over Sam’s shoulder, Cas catches sight of Kelly Kline.
She finally glances up. Her eyes are rimmed red, and Cas knows in that moment that she’s awake for the same reason. “Sorry,” she tells him.
The realtor takes him out to the lot, telling him to tail her as they both drive out. “Congratulations,” she says, when she smacks a
“I’m not okay, Dean,” Sam finally admits, and even though Dean had expected that, it feels like a blow all the same. “I’m not gonna lie to you and act like what happened down there didn’t happen. But we’ll deal with it, alright? And you’re not gonna feel bad about it because it wasn’t your fucking fault, and because you got the life I’d hoped you’d get once, you know? The house and the yard and the girl and the job. So don’t. Just. Please don’t apologize.”
“You damn well better hope not,” Pete says, raising an eyebrow. Claire stifles a laugh from her spot in the backseat. “Hiya, Miss Claire. You bring that pie you told me you were making?”
His hands shake now, as he presses up on his toes and stretches, pushing old t-shirts out of the way to get to it. They shake in a way they used to, years ago, before Dean got used to the feeling of a gun in his hands and stopped being nervous about whether or not his shots would hit their mark.
Dean whistles lowly when Cas pulls the truck onto the gravel road that leads them to the farm, impressed by its size and it’s tidiness. The owner meets them halfway between the gate and her front door, with a pitcher of tea as promised in her hands and some baby goats trailing happily behind her. “This is pretty cool,” Dean murmurs to Cas, a quiet admission, and Cas doesn’t try to hide his smile.
Lisa lets him inside and sits him down in an armchair in her living room. Ben’s out of the house, baseball practice, she answers when he asks. Dean doesn’t protest as she drapes a blanket over his shoulders and presses a glass of water into his hands. He wants to ask for something stronger but he doesn’t have the words. Water’s probably better for him, anyways.
“Forged documents about time spent in a psychiatric hospital,” Cas finishes with a wry grin. “Birth certificates, for myself and for Claire. Other documentation about where ‘Jimmy’ has been for two years, so that I could take Claire with me.”
Cas and Claire share a traitorous, smug look that Dean pretends he can’t see. They need a moment like that, he thinks. He hopes Cas recognizes it for what it is.
Abomination. Cas watches Sam now, as they move through the aisles and he accidentally knocks some fruit loose and corrects it with a sheepish smile, and wonders how he could have ever viewed Sam as anything other than a good man. As anything less than a best friend.
“Dude, are you jealous?” he asks, and Cas’s gaze snaps to him sharply. “You can help take cabinets down too, you know. I won’t even make you show me your homework to prove it’s done before I let you take a swing.”
“We don’t have much time,” Cas snaps out, and it activates the same fight-or-flight response that all hunts to in Dean, so Dean throws the car in reverse and speeds out of the motel parking lot without hesitating again.
“The name you use to find each other if you’re separated, right?” Cas finishes. “No luck there, either?”
And he doesn’t know how to explain it other than, “I didn’t. Now I do,” but Theresa must recognize something in his tone or know when to leave well enough alone because she just tells him to let her know when he’s back in town and yells at him that he better bring his family around once they’re all back before hanging up on him.
“Plus, you ain’t had me over since you bought the place,” Bobby adds, and his accusing stare makes Dean’s shoulders tense in guilt.
Dean reaches up and catches Cas’s wrist before he can pull away. Gently, he kisses the scarred skin atop Cas’s knuckles. Cuts put there by so many different fights that all of them have started to blur together. Dean stitched up his knuckles, once. His kiss sends the same thrill down Cas’s spine.
“Dean,” Cas says again, a bit more urgently. It takes a great deal of focus to slide off of his stool, and even still he staggers once he’s on his feet. Something is
There’s a smile in Cas’s voice that’s so prominent there’s no way Dean couldn’t catch it, and Cas says, “It’s good to hear that. I miss you, too. Mornings are not as enjoyable when it’s my responsibility to work the toaster. But I haven’t burned our kitchen down. Yet.”
Dean lifts his head to the sky instead of answering. He asked Cas, once, what it was like to see the creation of stars. If Cas knew then what he knew now, he might have told Dean that it felt the same as falling. It felt like rebirth.
Dean’s soft touch against his cheek brings Cas back to reality. Back to these people who love him. He isn’t an angel now, even if he can hear them in his head, and their battles are not his family’s to fight anymore. It shouldn’t be their fight. He wonders if there’s anything he can do to keep them out of it.
His face is on fire. He’s bright friggin’ red, and Sam’s staring at him like he’s not sure why his brother is acting like a fucking lunatic, and Bobby’s looking at him like he can see right through Dean’s bullshit. Hell, he probably can.
Cas lets out a controlled breath. Dean can almost see the look on his face, even a whole state over. Carefully passive. Only a hint of disappointment, Dean imagines, in the tired look in Cas’s eyes and the small downturn of his mouth. Dean misses him so bad he’s aching with it. “Did you call local hospitals? Searching for John Doe’s?”
She raises an eyebrow back at him, and for one terrifying, exhilarating moment, Dean sees a mirror image of himself at that age. “Really? So pimping out my room like this, that was just because you were secretly hoping one of the bedrooms in your house would look like a teenage girl’s?”
When it’s time to go, Cas cradles Jack’s face between his hands, and his throat feels tight. He’s given Jack a chance for a longer life, and the price that Cas will pay for this is not being around to see Jack live it. He thinks about the first deal Dean made, knowing that it put a deadline on his life, and now more than ever he truly understands it. What you’d give to ensure that the person you raised gets a better chance than you.
There’s echoing footsteps, then Dean’s panicked voice snapping out, “Claire, I told you to stay upstairs!” Then Dean lets go of his face and gets his hands underneath Castiel’s arms, hauling them both back up to their feet.
“Jesus,” Dean groans, but he tugs Cas down for another kiss, and then another, and then another. He laughs when someone wolf-whistles, and it’s the only thing that breaks them apart. Dean flips off the offender without knowing who it is and lets himself kiss Cas one more time. “If I’m a good man, it’s because you gave me a reason to be,” he murmurs. “You gave me a second chance at life, and then my first real chance at living. And I love you, too.”
Dean’s expression shutters. He turns again, walking to the edge of the roof, and he leans against the railing. Cas follows him with ease. Dean’s face is tilted towards the stars again, but his eyes are closed. His soul is flickering as Dean asks for forgiveness—Cas is going to miss being able to see that.
But we’re getting ahead of ourselves. This isn’t about the past or the present or the future or even anything in between. How can it be? Nothing has happened yet.
“We can do just as much research at your place as we can in some shady motel room that ain’t comfortable for any of us,” Bobby points out. “And I figure you’re itchin’ something bad to get back to your people.”
“Our coop ain’t that big,” Dean says apologetically. He jolts back when a chicken walks over his toes, scowling when Claire laughs at him. “Figured it’s best to start small.”
She’s so damn beautiful. God, Dean wishes he could love her the way she deserves. Wishes he weren’t a broken, grieving man holding the pieces of a love he doesn’t know how to share in his hands, because maybe if he were a little bit better then this part would be a little bit easier and he’d actually have a fucking chance here. A shot in hell to share a life with someone.
“Oh,” Sam says, not comprehending. Then he looks, really looks at Dean, and his expression slackens just enough. “Oh. Okay. Uh, cool.”
Lisa stays calm as Dean lurches to his feet and stumbles towards the kitchen for a towel. She’s still quiet when he comes back and mops up the spill with shaky hands. She just...
It’s stupid to call Cas again, Dean decides, but he keeps staring at the number anyway. They already talked today, and he’s not that much of a damn loser. He’s just. He’s used to telling Cas nearly every part of his day, is all. Probably.
spend an eternity like this. Tormented by memories that are tainted by a desire he shouldn’t even be capable of. He’d rather be nothing at all.
“I know,” she murmurs. She presses up on her toes and kisses the side of his mouth. “But you’re doing the best you can, I think.”
Bobby comes knocking with a sack of greasy food in one hand and a six pack of beer in the other, and when he catches sight of Sam on the other side of the room behind Dean he nearly drops them both. Dean doesn’t begrudge him for it, just takes the food and the drink and steps out of the way so Bobby can barrel forward and tug Sam down into a bone-crushing hug.
Dean knows what Bobby thought. It’s what Dean thought, too. But that hadn’t been what he’d wanted. Not really. “Lisa deserves better than the life I brought to her,” Dean says finally, and it’s at least part of the truth. “So I left. And I drove. And I wound up in Colorado.”
“I just got out of Hell,” Sam says, and the corner of his mouth quirks up like he thinks he’s a damn comedian or some shit. God, Dean had missed his bitch of a little brother so
it’s super cool,” Claire says. “I can’t believe we didn’t come up here for so long. Did you think there were gonna be creepy, like, mannequins up here or something? Haunted dolls with beady little eyes?”
The corner of Chuck’s mouth curls. He spits out, “Castiel was broken before he even came off the line.”
Dean’s having a hard time looking away from his brother. Afraid if he blinks too hard, Sam will fade into thin air like he was never there at all. Logic can tell Dean that it ain’t gonna happen like that, but logic also tells him that Sam shouldn’t be in front of him at all, so Dean thinks logic can kiss his ass. Slowly, so Sam doesn’t have to, Dean says, “I think it’s pretty obvious that whatever brought Sammy back is in no mood to be found. Damn good at covering its tracks, too.”
“Y’know, there’s a lot of things I thought I was gonna say when we got you back,” Dean interrupts, whirling on his heels. Cas almost staggers back in surprise. “I had this whole… this big plan, or whatever. But I can’t—I can’t just. I can’t say any of it and have it be worth a damn thing until I say I’m so fucking sorry for everything else. Jesus, Cas, I’m so sorry. I was outta my head with grief, but I use that excuse every time I fuck up, and it ain’t even a good excuse.”
“Should I call Uncle Sam?” Claire asks. Her voice is distant, but even still he’s too aware of the way she sounds far older than she should be and much younger than she is all at once.
“Stay here,” Dean tells him. He steps forward, moving before he even really knows where he’s going, until he’s standing at the edge of the bed between Cas’s legs, and he reaches up so he can hold Cas’s face in his hands. Cas leans into the touch and closes his eyes. “Take care of Claire while I’m gone. Make sure she eats breakfast, and that her homework gets turned in. Watch the next few episodes of
“The flu’s contagious,” Dean murmurs. He stands in the doorway, wearing his work coveralls but clearly hesitant about leaving at all. His gaze darts back and forth between Cas and Claire. “You’ll get it too if you stay in here all day.”
He’s humming along absentmindedly to the radio when Cas reaches over suddenly and turns it down. Cas’s hands drop back to his lap. It’s another moment before he says, “Thank you, Dean, for our conversation earlier.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asks eventually, after enough time has passed that Cas is fairly sure they’re less than an hour away from the sunrise.
He holds onto that with an iron-tight grip, on nights like this and any other time he fears he needs it. He lets it wash over him until his bones no longer feel heavy. And if the time comes, he’ll give it to Claire or to Dean or to Sam to hold onto, too.
“You’re still here,” Claire mumbles, and she rests her head on his shoulder. He is, Cas thinks. And he always will be, so long as he has any say in the matter. They’re out there for a while, long enough for Cas to lose track of the time. Long enough for Claire to grow bored of the silence and ask, rather suddenly, “Did you make any of these stars?”
“I didn’t have Cheerios for breakfast this morning,” Cas tells him, and his head tilts in that dorky way it does when something goes over his head. “You made us french toast.”
“Still getting used to being back in a body, I think” Sam admits. He places a few apples in his basket and doesn’t meet Cas’s eye.
He catches himself. Doesn’t finish his sentence. But he doesn’t need to. Dean knows what he’s asking, anyway.
He feels it, rather than sees it, when Dean shrugs. “Spent a lot of time looking at house plans when I was a kid. First, ‘cause Dad thought it was important that I know the layout in case we needed to haul ass, but. Later just ‘cause I liked to look at them. It makes sense, you know? I… I can see a layout in my head before I even start to draw it out, because I just know how it should be. I dunno. Feels like when I get my hands on the inside of an old car, I guess.”
Cas captures one and raises it to his lips, pressing a gentle kiss to the calloused skin of Dean’s knuckles. Dean sighs into it. Still quiet, Cas whispers, “I’m going to make some tea.”
Outside, the thunder crashes against the roof, and the King of Kings gives them one final smile before he snaps his fingers.
reassuring you all now that sam is not soulless in this fic and that he has been brought back in one piece! any references to him not seeming the same are in regards to his trauma from the cage
There’s only a couple of motels in Lawrence, and Dean can tell just by looking at two of them that there’s no way Sam would ever hole up there. He makes a list, then, from most likely to least likely, and heads in the direction of the first one while stuffing the last few bites of cold burrito into his mouth as he goes.
The tide catches up to him. It barrels against his legs and knocks Castiel right off his feet. In the haste of it, his grip loosens, and Dean disappears. Castiel barely has a second to gasp for air before the wave comes crashing down. His lungs fill rapidly with water. He’s drowning. He’s
be another fight. Cas carries his son’s body to safety, mourning and desperate and filled with anger, and then he does what he knows how to do best. He fights.
Outside, where neither of the brothers can see it, the storm clouds that gathered the first time Chuck raised his voice in this barn in Pontiac begin to close in. The blackest parts are crackling with an unfamiliar lightning and it strengthens with every small gust of wind. But the most disconcerting thing about it is the way an otherwise unassuming barn on the outskirts of an Illinois town seems to be at the epicenter.
The outburst is followed, alarmingly, by the sound of something heavy falling to the floor. Probably Dean’s hammer. Again. Cas pauses and glances up, giving Dean a chance to call him up if he needs help, but Dean just gets back to work tearing up the floorboards to the attic. Cas sighs.
“I’m just trying to rile you up,” Cas admits. He runs his hands up Dean’s chest and smirks when Dean shivers. “I suppose I don’t have to ask if it’s working.”
“That isn’t true,” Castiel says. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath that he doesn’t even truly need. “I owe Dean Winchester more than I can even put into words. And even here, even in the afterlife, I will continue to owe him anything I have to offer.”
the way I did, either, or. Christ, even Sammy. I mean. I pointed a gun at every last one of you recently.”
“Alright, I’m gunna head out and get some grub,” older Dean says, pushing himself up from his seat and grabbing his jacket off the back.
“So, what? They’re just somebody else’s problem?” Dean spits, trying to hold himself to the company line even now.
And Dean tries, he really does, to say honestly that he won’t go back, that he won’t try again. But try as he might, giving up would be a worse failure than any of his countless previous.
“It’s kid shit,” she breathes out harshly, before she starts to cough. Cas starts to pull himself out of bed immediately. “I know that. It’s kid shit to want to… to sleep in your parents’ bed, and it’s. I’m fifteen. And you’re—”
He wants to tell Cas it’s fine, this is the life, that Claire will understand it when she starts hunting on her own because that’s what he did, that’s how he learned, but he
Cas shrugs. “You weren’t a dick to me. You weren’t a dick to Claire. You took out your frustrations on the house, making it safer for Claire. As far as your behavior goes, I have seen worse.”
Dean taps his knuckles on the cross. He thinks about ten months ago when he knelt in this dirt and mourned his brother and his nearly-adoptive father and his best friend. He’d heard wings that day, he’s sure of it. Some angel asshat who took mercy on the suckers who stopped the apocalypse and brought Bobby back to life. Probably the same one that brought Cas back but clipped his wings. Probably the same one that pulled Sam out of the pit nearly a year too late.
“I can,” he says quietly. “And I can’t. It’s very likely I’ll hold my breath the whole time. But. You’re my friend, Sam, and I trust you. I’ll, uh… back your play, if you’re serious about this.”
“Fucking weirdos, all of you” Claire goes back to digging. She finally finds the coffin, yanks it open. She climbs out of the grave and pours salt and gasoline over the corpse. She’s covered in mud and very aware of Cas fighting the ghost behind her. “Why the hell was I the one digging, anyway? Shouldn’t you do the heavy lifting?”
“If I’m marrying the most devastatingly handsome man ever, I gotta have me a big fucking shindig, Cas… But that’s only if the most devastatingly handsome man says yes…”
and you were saying those things; those shitty, perfect things. It was everything I ever wanted you to say but it felt like- it was a fucking goodbye, and I couldn’t fucking bear it, man. Every time I’ve lost you, I felt like there was a ‘Cas’ shaped hole in my heart, it felt like I’d lost myself, man.
Both men jump in shock at the sudden sound, almost falling off their respective chairs. "Man, you scared the shit out of me," Sam states.
While the kid doesn’t seem affected by the loudness, his expression is one of discomfort. He seems somewhat frozen, his fists clenched.
“Banging like handsy little horny teenagers at a party with really cheap beer,” Claire cut in with a smirk, “We got the memo, old man.”
“Yes,” Cas was smiling now, “I made my peace with never being able to see him again… This- it feels comforting somehow.”
She hears Cas take a deep breath, “Yes… and no. Physically I am alright, Claire. But otherwise… I’m not sure.” He pauses, “I’m sorry for not calling. I didn’t think you’d be worried.”
Eileen’s face morphed into a soft, awful smile. “I understand. Sometimes I think Cas stuck around for the same reason as well.”
And then begins a staring contest. The room remains silent and Sam feels like the money he won for therapy couldn’t possibly be enough.
“I know you want to call him,” Claire almost spits out the coffee from her mouth. After a pause, Cas adds, “It’s okay if you already have.”
Castiel has spent the last two months at Bobby’s. He’s learnt a great deal about the capabilities of his body as they are now. He learnt after an accident with a hot kettle that he takes injuries like any other human, with all the pain and the slow healing that entails.
Dean starts collecting the rest of the dirtied plates from the table. “You guys go ahead and pick something out,” he says, automatically assuming the role of clearing up. He points an accusatory finger at Sam. “Nothing French.”
Cas flicks on the light and busies himself setting up mugs and getting the kettle boiling. Dean sits down at the table, feeling oddly juvenile yet again as he sits and waits for his hot chocolate.
Bobby dips his head to the side and sips at his beer. “Yeah and looks like your neighbours knew it too.”
The next time Dean goes to see Castiel, he’s still giddy from their date. It turns out the butterflies one gets in their stomach after kissing an angel don’t fade so easy. If he weren’t so busy being smitten he’d be embarrassed, really, for just how pathetically head over heels he is. But apparently not even Sam’s incessant teasing can bring him down from this high.
When Cas stops Jo is watching him with a curious expression— Cas can’t quite place it. At the very least she no longer seems nervous.
“Yeah, forget it. Fucking weirdo,” Dean grumbles as he violently pushes out his chair and trudges off.
There’s a moment of quiet contemplation as Sam mulls over what his brother has said. There are some things in life that are unsure, some things that are debatable. The mercy of angels is not one of them.
“Dean, it’s been a long ass time,” a familiar voice comes from the doorway. “Good to see you haven’t changed.”
Dean feels his chest swell. “And he doesn’t know me, or you, and he put his ass on the line to help us anyway.” Dean huffs out a short breath. “Sam, we’ve run out of options. You prayed every night for a miracle and Cas— Castiel just gave us one. This thing is gunna kill you, man. You gotta let me help you, you gotta let me try. What else—” Dean’s voice breaks. “What do we have to lose?”
Perhaps it’s for the best that Dean couldn’t hear a thing, because if he’d heard the angel’s screams and cries at Cas’ hand, he might well have stormed in to stop him.
And Cas stands in the centre of the barn, over the bowl of spell ingredients and right in the centre of the holy oil. As the minute turns to 8:15, Victor gives Cas the signal, and he begins the incantation.
Dean scoffs. “And watch you moon over the guy? No thanks. I mean seriously, he’s just a guy, Jo. A pretty messed up guy, and kind of a dick if you ask me.”
It’s been a while since they’ve had a hunt run so smoothly; Dean feels light, his mind bright and energised. As the three return to the Impala, Dean with a spring in his step, suggests, “Celebratory drinks, whaddya say?”
“What do you know of the angel tablet?” Cas asks, straightforward, ignoring Efram’s derision. Efram’s face visibly twitches. Cas raises an eyebrow. “You know something?”
Dean presses his lips together, his eyes lingering on Castiel’s sword belt once more, then nods. Before he turns, he pauses. “Who are you?”
Dean takes it in, but is seemingly unmoved. “I just don’t know why we’re still having this conversation. I don’t get why you wouldn’t even want to— to
“Just fine?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “Dude you took out six vamps in a minute and a half, if I were you I’d feel fucking
Castiel’s smile transitions into a wide-eyed awe. “Oh,” he says, small and quiet. “That’s good to know. That we’re friends.”
“I don’t think it’s true that you don’t change,” Sam says, confident. “If you have free will and a mind of your own, then change is inevitable, right? You experience things, you meet different people, and you’re a different person, or angel, than you were before.”
It’s Dean’s turn to stare. The only mark on him is the one Dean just stitched up, but other than that he’s skin is pristine. There’s not a scratch nor a scar nor a blemish. The only indication that his is a warrior stood before him is in his sturdy build. And the strong hand that pushes him down onto the bed. Castiel follows him down, pressing a trail of kisses into Dean’s skin from the base of his torso up to his jaw, finally settling on his lips.
Dean shakes his head, crossing his arms and leaning back against the counter. “Is that what we do? Kill because it’s more convenient? Thought that was the angels’ strategy, not ours.”
“Winning three hundred dollars,” he says with a smirk. “Does this- does this make you uncomfortable, Castiel?”
This time, Dean’s path is linear. It’s fast and assured, Dean walking right out of the forest and into the light, making a straight path toward Castiel. That’s certainly a different approach.
Eventually though, the sun is dipping down towards the horizon, the food’s all been picked off bit-by-bit, and the air’s begun to cool. Dean would love to stay here all night, never see that stupid town again, but Sam
In the middle of the floor though, the two had made a little clearing where they sat around a now empty pizza box, beers in hand. This setup, whilst remarkably simple, felt complete as Dean looked over at his angel as he lifted the lip of the bottle up to his own. Dean was awestruck as ever, unable to take his eyes off Cas as he studied the motion of the muscles in his face as he drank. Though now there was no need to quickly avert his eyes when Cas looked over and met his gaze.
Bobby brings his fingers up to pinch the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes shut. “Alright,” he says following a deep, laboured sigh. “One of you wanna tell me what happened?”
Dean opens his mouth to protest, then sighs. “I dunno,” he shrugs. “Dude, you’re literally always here, don’t you ever go on break?”
Castiel chuckles. “Yes, I probably would have.” Castiel sighs and lets his shoulders slump as he simply surveys Dean’s features like he’s taking in all the minute details of a master work of art. Dean’s face heats up under the scrutiny, but Castiel is smiling. But it’s a solemn smile. “I should return,” he finally says. “The longer I stay away the greater the risk of getting caught. And as much as I would like to stay here with you, I would also very much like to not be dead such that I might be able to see you again.”
like he’s already spent enough on drinks in this place to have paid the penalty for losing this stupid bet.
An itch to protest creeps up Dean’s spine making him shiver. He inhales deeply trying to focus his mind on something other than Castiel’s hand in his, or the implications of his brother’s immediate response. He thinks of all the work he has planned for Baby when they get back to the bunker. He makes a mental list of the parts he needs to order, trying to recall what he’s already got in the garage. “Sure did,” he eeks out. “And now, we are a couple.”
“I don’t know what you want Dean, I just wish you would want the same things in public as you do in private.” Cas pauses to inhale, then exhale deeply. “But none of that excuses what I did. So take the money. You win.”
“I walked up and he, unprompted, was like ‘you’re the girl with a cute little bug, right?’. I was like,” Tia stuck out her chest, letting her cleavage peek out of her tank top in a cartoonish pose, and began to speak with an over-the-top sultry tone.
It’s taking everything in Dean’s power not to part his lips, not to close his eyes and just feel Cas. His breaths turn long and deep and slow, such that it almost makes him feel like he’s no longer breathing at all.
In all his shock at seeing Sam, Dean’s barely noticed the stranger in the room. A brunette woman, who had just been sitting at the table, is now standing just behind Sam, peeking round him to get a good look, like Dean’s some kind of museum exhibit or lab specimen.
Zachariah turns around, his eyes widening in surprise. “Castiel, excellent, you’ve returned,” he says. “You’re on retainer. There’s a situation developing in Lawrence.”
“I just wondered, I know that it’s not exactly the same me,” Dean says, his eyes darting away as he continues to push the claim that they’re not the same man, even as he starts to believe it less and less. “But, we’re close enough I guess, so, I wondered… What the hell is angel doing with a guy like me?”
The sun was hanging low in the sky, dipping down toward the western horizon, when Dean and Castiel were sitting on the floor of the living room of their new home. The room was illuminated by a soft rose and amber glow streaming in through the windows and painting the blank walls with streaks of light. Half-emptied boxes were scattered around the room, with furniture wrapped up in foam and padding lined up against the wall as yet to be arranged.
Castiel nods. “Whatever it is, it’s deep inside you. It’s… dark. It doesn’t want me to touch it, it doesn’t want me to even see it.”
The other Dean merely rolls his eyes, unsurprised and definitely unimpressed. In a moment, Dean’s being gripped by the lapel and shoved towards the bar’s door. He feels like a rebellious kid being dragged home after being caught out past curfew as he’s thrown inside.
Cas looked over at Dean, reading his micro-expressions like a book. “I do.” he said firmly, reassuringly.
“Okay, Cas,” Victor says, sighing and leaning in. “I’m hearing you. But tell me again why this is necessary? I mean, what makes you so sure the angels have any useful intel to begin with?”
Castiel nods. Technically it’s been forty-nine years three months and eight days, but Castiel can at least understand that most humans have little need or interest in such specificity.
“Hey there, sunshine,” Dean whispers softly as he slips into the bed next to the said Adonis, lying on his side, now both men face to face.
Castiel sat there silently for a moment, considering, sighed and said, “I think… I think I am overly fond of ‘Ten Years Gone’… as for why…” he looked out the window, trying to avoid Dean as intently as possible, “it reminds me of you.”
“You know, when you first came into our lives…” he began with a hollow smile, “When I was a fucking dick to you – “
, try my best to save you; no matter what. And as for apologizing for how I feel, especially when I don’t intend to stop feeling that way, seems more than disingenuous. It’s disrespectful, to both you and myself. So, while I understand that it makes you uneasy, the most I can do is assure you that I don’t expect anything from you. I am more than content, happy even, with silent drives in the Impala through random backroads while listening to music... And I can offer to pretend like it never happened so we can just go back to how things were…” he sighed, before adding with hesitation laced with every word, “or at least, I hope we can…”
Dean had never been a religious man; the luxury wasn’t awarded to him when his life was filled with so much mayhem. He couldn’t believe in a higher power because that would mean someone out there was enjoying his pain, using it for entertainment. And that felt far worse than the alternative of the absence of inherent goodness. His denial was futile though. God was real and just as cruel and capricious as Dean hadn't wanted Him to be.
“I also try, as best as I possibly can, to understand that none of it is easy for you, so I never bring it up. I hate doing so right now, but I have to.” Cas sighs. “I have to because you feeling ashamed of me is making me feel ashamed of myself. And there—there’s only so much of that I can take… At first, when I fell in love with you, I never—never imagined you could—would feel the same way… I resigned myself to be a friend to you… to be useful to you. But even then, I kept failing you time and again, I was useless more often than not—”
“We’ll just pretend that we’re making a deal, as a distraction,” Jack added, whispering as though lowering his voice was the key to fooling a nigh omniscient cosmic being. And who knows? Maybe it was.
Sam looks back at Jack now, “I—I didn’t know that.” He looks utterly betrayed, “Why didn’t you wanna tell me?” Sam asks, confounded. “Is it cause I’m not cool enough for you anymore?” He sounds so genuinely hurt Jack would rush over if Claire didn’t have his hand in a vice grip.
Cas however, unfazed by Dean’s silence, continues, “He obviously had a thing for you. And obviously, I cannot blame him. Just like I don’t blame Benny. But I quite liked Benny. Crowley though…” Cas scowls.
Dean finally breathed. Sam could practically the weight being lifted off his shoulders. He watched his brother finally relax after... decades.
“Even if you are real, I’d rather not go back. As I told him once, I’m cursed... Dean’s better off without me.” Cas said as if it was just a fact.
She isn’t actually mad at the kid. He wasn’t wrong. Intruding on Cas’s privacy like that would have been awful and wrong but she was worried. She was terrified. She felt like she was about to lose another parent. And before she can deal with that (absolutely not new) revelation, her thoughts are interrupted.
Dean stepped back, picked up his coke, and took a sip, “Maybe this is our next… I don’t know… adventure, let’s call it. Maybe this is Team Free Will, 3.0: Domesticated Edition,” Dean smiled brightly.
Dean laughed, for the first time in a very long time, “Weirder things have happened.” He turned the radio on and the
human, he had come to despise so much. He was now something worse than dead, he was completely and utterly
“Well, I suppose it has something to do with the fact that you’re the only religion I’ve had since I first held you in my arms in hell,” Castiel wonders aloud, lips touching Dean’s forehead as he speaks.
Cas waves a dismissive hand, “No. I understand, Dean.” Cas pulls out a beer from the fridge, opens it, and takes a sip. “I got too carried away with what I wanted. I’m really sorry, my love. That wasn’t my intention. I just-”
“Who won that one?” Castiel couldn’t help but ask. He got a glare from Dean but he was too invested.
. He sighs and Dean can see the anger leaving his body. “I don’t always know what goes on in your head, but I always understand you… Or at least I like to think I do.”
He walked into the kitchen expecting to find it empty but was greeted with the sight of Dean, with a book on the table and a glass of what was most probably whiskey in his hand.
“Or what?” The Empty cut him off, “Your son, the so-called new God, has no dominion here. And even his ploy to sell me his and that other kid’s soul was real, you’ve pissed me off enough to not accept it out of sheer spite. So, pray tell, Dean what will you, a puny little human, do?”
“When you put it that way… But you’re better at this, kid… I—I fucking hurt the love of my life because I’m shit at being... you know? Cause apparently, my absentee asshole father thought it was disgusting. So, yeah you’re better.” Dean looks like he about to cry. He looks just as awful as Cas does and currently, he cannot bring himself to look at Claire in the eyes. His head is hanging low and she can feel the shame and anger radiate off of him.
“But we are quite selfish when it comes to wanting things from family. We become so sure that they will be around no matter what, that we demand things without thinking about it, I think.” She added gently.
“Um? I’m not the lead authority on witchcraft but, I think something was supposed to happen. Did you screw up the spell?” Dean says.
A small smile broke out on the ex-angel’s face, “You’re a complicated man, Dean. You seldom let me in. So, I have given up trying to understand every single part of you. I am more than content knowing the parts you are willing to share.”
“I want the three of you—fuck no— I want all the Winchesters; even the ones you spawn, to stay the fuck away from me,
Cas blushes. She realizes he’s changed even more now. “Like I said, I’m not comfortable talking about those things with you,” he says shyly.
“I don’t see how that’s a bad thing,” Cas says getting into the passenger seat and drops the crowbar into the backseat. Claire follows suit and gets in the driver's seat.
your moment of true happiness,” Dean says, looking away from the silent and empty road, jabbing at finger at Cas. “You sappy fuck.”
Eileen smiled softly, “Sorry, good looking. You’re a little too… let’s say, emotionally constipated for it.”
She laughed at that, “I’m sorry Dean,” she said, her hands moved, signing slowly for Dean’s benefit, “You’re really not my type.”
“Yeah, about that…” Dean began. He fell back into silence for a second, looking down at his hands. When he finally looked up, there was determination in his eyes. He breathed heavily, as preparation for what seemed like a... confession and then, “I’m in love with Cas.”
Sam’s heart crushes in. Of course, Jack wants some semblance of normalcy. He was never even given the chance. They just gave him one responsibility after another, using him time and again for his power, never letting him just… live. And in the end, when it was all said and done, when they themselves were ready to give up this cruel, vengeful life, they just handed him the reigns of the entire world. And he took it all without a single complaint, never for a second asking for anything in return only for himself except this one small thing.
” Sam completed, with a sly smile. “Anyway, I need money for my therapy. So, just tell us, who proposed?”
“Well. I did. And… I’ll get help. I think it’ll be good,” Dean says with a small smile breaking out on his lips.
Dean just stares at them for a second and then, “I don’t know! Jack said he was scared, all I needed to hear, alright? Can we please get there before we have to find ways to scrounge up bail money?”
Castiel felt the car swerve just for a second, he looked over to Dean and it looked as if all the color had drained from his face. Well, fuck. Castiel was human now, he should start learning the most useful human skill of knowing when to keep his mouth shut.
“A man’s gotta work with what he knows, angel,” Dean replies, feigning confidence as he chugs the last of his beer. Only to choke at the end when he feels Cas’s chapped lips press on his cheek.
of my fiancé’s exes for the time being?” Cas looks like a grumpy old man, which again, Sam supposes is pretty accurate. Sam snickers again, as Dean turns crimson.
“That sounded like an accusation, that’s not how I meant it. I just meant… I—I just,” He adds hastily, “I thought… Actually, I wasn’t thinking, honestly. I didn’t even think the news would reach you,” Cas confesses, his voice small and lost.
“It was Cas’s idea. And I won!” Dean brags and Sam watches Cas’s face sour completely. “You are my first choice.”
“What’s cooking, good looking?” He asked while simultaneously signing out the words, the best he could. The only person apart from Eileen, who was fluent in ASL was Cas, but they were trying to learn and she was patient enough to correct them every time they were wrong.
Dean has to pause. He doesn’t like talking, it makes him vulnerable and if there is one thing he was always taught not to be, it's being fucking vulnerable. But he knows that’s because he can still hear this angry voice inside his head, telling him being vulnerable is the same as being weak, and being weak gets everyone you love killed. And he knows without a shadow of a doubt that that voice belongs to man long dead, who liked to pretend to be Dean’s dad.
Dean sat there for a moment in silence. He sighed heavily once and then he was off. He was sprinting down the corridor, a man on a mission.
He picks up his phone and calls Claire asking her when she can swing by. By some miracle of God, she is passing by Lebanon in a couple of hours and agrees to stop by. Meanwhile, Dean sends out a prayer to Jack to meet them at the same time.
“No, I mean… maybe? They would just sound like regular dolphin noises to you guys, but to them and to me, they sound like names,” Jack answers while trying to stay as still as possible.
“What’re you guys talking about?” Jack asks as he joins them on the dining table, pulling a chair next to Sam.
Donna turned to look at him, "I was talking about those baby-blues, handsome" she replied with a wink, making Cas blush. "And Eileen, Jody can be your Maid of Honor, she throws better parties," she added.
“But in the end, he got it, right?” Jack asked gently, “His moment of happiness… I wish he hadn’t though. Isn’t that cruel?”
“What if we wanna see you? You know, have a beer or whatever?” Sam asked with hope and a tinge of desperation.
Jack smiled softly, “You don’t have to make it up to me Dean. You apologized and I forgive you. That’s enough.”
“Fuck! Should’ve done that ages ago.” Dean sounded utterly giddy. "That was probably the best kiss I've ever had. You sure you're a rookie?" He added with a wink and smirk.
“I tried.” He said, looking more morose by the second, “I promise. I tried. When I brought everyone else back. I don’t think I have dominion over the Empty but…” he looked like a child again, lost in the supermarket, looking around desperately for his parents, “I will try again. I’ll keep trying. He made that deal for me, to save me. I owe it to him. I-”
“I know, alright? I know. But apparently, they’re all making a mess out there… and they may or may not be getting arrested. So, we gotta wrap it up. Come on! Move your damn asses,” Dean shouts back.
Dean was on sitting on the bed in the infirmary. Sam was opposite him, on a chair, stitching the gash on his left shoulder. Eileen was standing next to Sam, cleaning a scab on Dean’s forehead. Cas was in front of them… pacing.
“Can’t say I blame you,” replied Sam with sorrow. Eileen reached out and held his hand, a steady comforting presence. “I’m sorry about having to send Jack to bring you here, we were kinda in a rush, and obviously I’m sorry that we have to drag you into this in the first place,” He added.
“He’s back at home, cooking spaghetti I think…” Claire is trying to not let her anger shine through. Dean might have hurt Cas but he’s still Dean. “There’s probably going to be enough for four.”
other way, I wouldn’t have said anything but the world needed saving and you, Sam and Jack were the only ones who could save it. But more than that... I will always,
“What?” Dean asks confused. His eyes are flickering between the road ahead of him and Cas’s profile. His perfect, beautiful profile, that makes Dean want to get on his knees and beg for forgiveness till the world stops turning or till Cas forgives him, whichever comes first.
“Dean? Man! What the hell? Where are you?” Sam sounds so jovial. And Dean can’t help but still. Why is Sam
“Maybe,” Sam said. “But isn’t that selfish? Wanting him around to feel a sense of redemption, wanting him around as incentive for my brother?”
“Anyway, I hate this. I don’t wish to pick one. I love them both dearly.” Cas adds, running a hand over his face. And then burying his face into his hands.
Sam looks over at Cas waiting for him to blow up or at least look pissed, but he’s met with nothing but resignation. When Sam keeps staring at him, Cas finally sighs.
Claire fold onto herself, “I—I just want you guys to fix it, okay? I know, I know it must be very bad if
“Why?” She asks softly. She knows the last thing Dean would want to do is hurt Cas. So whatever the reason is, it's big.
“Haha. Can we get back to the topic at hand?” Dean was getting annoyed; his heart was doing backflips and he didn’t know if he should let himself hope. After two months and eighteen days, hope felt dangerous. Because if he did let himself hope, and it all went to shit anyway, he isn’t sure all the alcohol in the world would help him fix it. “Why the fuck are we making a deal?”
“Dean?” Cas asks. His voice sounds closer now. Dean’s hands, however, are gripping onto the edge of the trunk so hard he’s sure either the metal will give out or his hands will.  Any other day, Dean would quip about how all the posturing is all for Cas’s sake. Cause Cas is the one who drools over Dean’s arms like he wants to somehow eat and be smothered by them all at once. But this is not any other day, is it? This isn’t a ‘good time’.
“Hey sweetheart, how’s it going?” Dean asks, trying his best to sound better than his mind is currently making him feel.
“ – calling on you, only when we needed the big guns,” Sam soldiered on, “but man, I swear, you’re family. You’ve always been
This powerful, immortal cosmic being who was nothing but goodness, wanted only to see Dean (even if he was not real) as a fucking
“Doesn’t becoming God mean, he’s transcended any age barrier?” Eileen asked smiling while she signed gracefully.
Dean broke the heavy silence, “You would need Jesse on board with this whole thing, you know? Empty won’t just take your word for it.”
“You’re really taking this whole Guardian Angel thing very seriously, aren’t you?” Claire asks, because raising yourself, do not emotionally stable adults make.
Claire cuts him off, “I don’t know what happened, but I need you to understand, I cannot let you hurt him again. I can’t. I care about you, just as much as him. I do. But the only reason he agreed to meet you today was probably for me. He’d do anything for me and I keep making him do whatever I want, as selfishly as possible. And right now, my selfish ass needs you to
He looked back at the boy, now man, well built, chisel-jawed with hair slicked back. He looked exactly like that kid they found waiting around for his dad back in an empty home, and absolutely nothing like him.
Dean’s knuckles are white. He is craving a stiff drink of whatever the fuck can make him forget what he finally remembers. But he knows the more he relies on something else to help him keep going, the more likely he is to lose Cas, to lose himself. So, he soldiers on. For Cas, but also for himself.
“She’s already called me four times,” Cas countered, scrunching his nose. And was met with a gentle peck on his cheek from Dean. He cocked his brow at the taller man but only got a smile in reply.
Sam finally sees the severity of the dilemma. It is Cas’s turn. However, whoever he picks, will essentially be considered his favorite of the two. On top of that, he’d also lose the other. Suddenly Sam realizes. “You picked Garth on purpose,” Sam says slowly, as he struck with the scheme his brother had arranged. “So it would be on Cas to pick one of them, making him the bad guy if either of them is offended.”
Dean broke off his stare and looked back at his best friend, “Yeah man, I’m real.” He said with a smile. And then Cas was smiling too.
“Cas... You- You walked into my life with literal sparks, man. And Angel or not; you’ve always been fucking divine. I didn’t even realize I’d fallen for you until I was so completely gone on you. You’ve always been so good, so genuinely good, and kind, and compassionate, and so fucking hot… I never thought- I never thought I could have you, all this time I didn’t even think you’d
Dean took a bite, and okay, it wasn’t great. The filling of apples needed more sugar, and the crust wasn’t a bit hard but-
“I'm trying here, alright? You gotta say something, buddy,” Dean whispers, hoping it isn’t the wrong thing to say. He is walking on eggshells. Eggshells that he laid down himself but eggshells nonetheless. And by the way that Cas’s jaw clenches by just a fraction, it's proof that he has in fact said the wrong thing. “Sweetheart?” Dean urges.
Cas smiles, “I appreciate it very much, thank you, Claire.” He pours a cup of coffee for himself and finally faces her. “But you want to.” It's not a question, but an assessment. Cas can read her now, how terrifying is that?
Cas takes a shower and Kaia cooks dinner while Claire fidgets, trying to make sure everything’s okay for Cas. He eats with a big smile on his face and looks only a little better afterward. She lets him sleep on the couch and lets Kaia hold her tighter as they sleep that night. She’s still worried.
“There’s a backdoor entry, through Death’s Reading Room,” Sam replied with a smirk, “That’s probably why Billie was hiding from it on Earth.”
“My man’s a sappy drunk. I’ll keep that in my mind for Judgement day,” Cas whispers, words only meant for Dean and not another soul. It warms Dean from within.
“What date? He told me he was going out for burgers? Isn’t that considered ‘hanging out’, or whatever?” Dean exclaims, his hands flying as he signs fluidly.  He looks like a father who is
Sam (in Chapter 10 of Over the Hills and Very Close By) tells Dean that if he ever hurts Cas, Sam's gonna punch him in the face.
Cas cuts him off, “I’d give you the sun if you wanted it, Jack. Nothing you want for is too selfish an ask,” He says with a gentle squeeze to Jack’s shoulder, “I just don’t want any of you in harm’s way, that’s all.”
Frustrated, he stopped walking and breathed out harshly. He took a moment and then, fell to his knees.
It had been a week since Cas had dragged his now, very human ass out of the Empty, Dean following behind with seething anger. All four of them had made their way back to the bunker from Death’s Reading Room. And Claire, for all her displays of indifference, had run over and crushed Cas in a tight embrace.
Amara laughs, small but present, “You have a funny way of charming people, kid. I hated being trapped in there but you were a much better ride than brother mine.” She lets her grip on Dean completely loose. He falls into Cas’s arms, and Cas hold him tight.
For a second, Sam looks like he wants to punch Dean again, but then he recomposes himself and says, “The ‘how’ of it all comes later. Right now, the question is; Do you want to?”
“Yes,” Jack says, not understanding. Upon seeing Cas’s expression however, “Oh wait, you’re being sarcastic. Sorry. I—I know this seems like too big of a risk to take all because I don’t want to shoulder this responsibitlit—”
And then Dean breaks it, “Oooooh, our lil' Jackie boy’s got a boyfriend!” Dean exclaims, ecstatic. Jack blushes and he thinks, that is beyond ridiculous. He’s an all-powerful being. He should not be blushing at being teased about having a boyfriend by his Dad.
“Stop calling me that!” Cas says exasperated, throwing his arms up. “I don’t think you marry your ‘buddy’, Dean!” Cas uses those air quotes he likes so much and Dean smiles softly and steals a quick kiss.
“But you don’t think I’m real,” Dean asked again, Cas just shook his head in reply. “Then why do you like it?”
Sam pauses. Dean can almost read Sam’s mind. He is trying to decipher what would be the best approach to take with Dean right now. He is wondering if he should probe Dean, interrogate him for answers or just allow him space to be… Dean.
Dean. I’m your brother, for fuck’s sake. I just always thought you knew that I know and that I’m okay- no. That I’m
“I don’t know, I asked them how they met and they just started fucking giggling,” Claire accuses. “I think they’re very drunk,” she whispers to Jack over the table.
“The girls said they'll meet us there,” Sam added, “Come on, Claire's gonna chew our heads off if we’re late”
“This is perfect, guys,” Jack said astonished. “You’ll come along, right?” He looked worried all of a sudden.
Dean realizes Cas isn’t acting at all; to him, Dean is in fact so very fucking precious. And the thought almost tears him up. But he’s cried enough for one day so he rushes in and makes his lips meet Cas’s. He kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him until they both fall asleep.
“No. What I need, is some peace and quiet,” Dean bites back for no reason other than the fact that he is searching for some release. “Is that too much to ask?”
“I know how much you care about her Dean. Of course, I will.” Jack said with nothing but sheer sincerity in his voice, it made Dean breathe a little easier.
Cas looked perturbed at that, “He really was an asshole. Wasn't he? I was merely trying it out. You don’t like it when anyone but Dean calls you ‘Sammy’, so I thought perhaps this could be a bargain of sorts.” He grabbed the jumbo pack of nougat off the shelf and dropped it in the cart in front of him. “I’ve noticed friends have nicknames for each other, I wanted one for you too, seeing as you are my best friend.”
Dean opens his mouth and then closes it. He repeats the action two more times and then squeals, “Crowley did not have a fucking crush on me!”
“Yeah, about that,” Sam cuts the in, knowing if the bickering begins, it will never end. “Ugh, the thing I wanted to talk to you about was that I was kinda hoping that maybe... I could officiate.”
Dean got up, walked over, set his coke on the table next to Sam’s. Put both his hands on Sam’s shoulder, turning him. They stood there, face to face. And then Dean pulled him in for a hug, with a gentle hand on the back of Sam’s neck. Sam was shocked for a moment. Took a second to adjust. And then sagged onto his brother, hugging back fiercely.
When he received pointed looks from the couple, he sighed, looking back at his lover, who was still pacing, and said, “Fine! I won’t.”
that felt too. He remembers that brief time when he was a vamp too, how there was a part of him thinking about the idea of Lisa’s blood running down his throat would feel
And if you wake up at the ass crack of dawn, upset and fucked up, and ask for a distraction, I will always be there to take you for a drive. I’ll do my best, Cas. I’ll give you whatever you want, but you gotta promise me one thing…”
“No Cas!” Dean exclaimed. Castiel looked away but he understood though, some fears couldn’t be quelled with few simple words.
“Well… To be very honest, I am not quite sure what I am? If that makes sense…” Cas says unnervingly unsure.
“We’ll spruce the place up, get some recliners. We’ll get you one of those big-screen T.V.s” Dean turned around looking at Jack, feeling excited.
“He sa—said he was sorry but he couldn’t attend the wedding. Not because he didn't approve or anything. But cause it was a Sunday and he was needed at the church. But he was glad that I had the courage to go after what I wanted,
They weren’t made up. They were never made up. They were just buried deep down in my screwed-up little head, so I could carry on worshipping that man like he hung the goddamn moon. Cause otherwise—otherwise, I’d be an orphan… An orphan with a kid brother to raise and no one to fucking raise me.”
Jack smiled, and for a moment, the radiance of it felt so blinding that it was enough to make anyone forget that he had just confirmed that he was in fact, the new God. For a moment, he seemed exactly as old as he was, he seemed like a 3-year-old, showing off to his parents a new skill he’d learnt, like doing a cartwheel.
Cas looked down at his hands, and somehow looked more human than he had in the past week, “I don’t think I have anything left to offer… without my grace, I’m a pretty awful hunter. And now... Dean won’t even look at me,” his voice was a small broken thing as he added, “I may have been right before, you both have each other, Jack… has the world; maybe it’s time for me to move on.”
Dean was the one who broke the silence. “Jack…” he faltered. His throat suddenly felt clogged, a horrifying hole in his chest, where a certain someone should have been. “
“We’re trying to decide who each of our Best Man should be,” Cas cuts Dean off, “So, both of you, if you would like to, who’d you pick?”
“Dean?” Sam is losing patience. Dean feels like perhaps this is what it would’ve felt like getting in trouble at school and being sent to the principal’s office if he actually cared about getting an education. His hands are shaking and his throat’s gone dry. He feels like the world is collapsing around him slowly, but surely.
Team Free Will 3.0 did pretty well, all things considered. It wasn’t always easy, Dean sometimes lashed out, unable to express himself. Sam had nightmares that sometimes devolved into panic attacks. Cas had a hard time being human, and Jack wasn’t always sure how much he could interfere. But they ran their own race, they made their own moves, and mostly they did well with that. And like every other adventure they’d embarked upon, they did it, all of it, together as a family.
“It is,” Eileen replied. Sam flinched. Honesty is an important part of every relationship, but that doesn’t mean she had to slap him with it.
Dean is silent. He’s thinking, considering. He’s tried everything else, and nothing works. He’s been avoiding the damn issue his entire life, trying to bottle it up and shove it down and that almost cost him the love of his life. But this, he could try this. Couldn’t he? For the sake of the life, he is building? For the sake of the man, he loves? For the sake of his own goddamn happiness? He could fucking do this. Come on! He’s Jack’s superhero. He could do anything.
voice just creeps back up and ruins everything.” His fists are closed tight by the time he’s done talking.
“What do you mean arrested?” Sam asks. “Who’s getting arrested?” Donna asks. “Why’re they getting arrested?” Jody asks as well. All at the same time.
Sam huffs, “I didn’t screw up the spell. We—I don’t know, we might have missed something?” He looks up from the table at the centre of the library to Jack.
Dean wants to laugh because right now, he isn’t sure he remembers what it feels like to be alive let alone a conversation that happened months ago.
Cas had said. He had fought against his conditioning that had begun with Creation itself. The least Dean can do is try to fight a dead man for him. Dean's never believed in following destiny anyway. He doesn't want to be a shitty, broken man. He wants to be a married, happy man. So he will be.
He is seething with anger, “Yes, I fail to grasp all these human emotions because I haven’t experienced them, but I do understand how it feels when you reject me. When you avoid holding my hand in bars or when you flirt with the waitress at the diner or introduce me as anything but your partner—”
“You could’ve easily answered the question by now; if you weren’t so busy being a wet blanket,” Claire retorts.
Finally, “I don’t have anything to ask, sweetheart. Well… not about that. I just want to know; how can I help?” Dean asks.
He tapped on her shoulder softly, offering her one, which she graciously accepted and then moved to sit in front of her.
“Obviously you’d say that, you’re the one enabling him,” Sam countered, setting down the batter and grabbing the butter from the fridge.
“Come on, sweetheart. You gotta be a little more gracious in your loss,” Dean looks very sly and absolutely not gracious in his own victory.
she agrees, the rest of the mechanisms are set in place. I’ve made new angels, with Naomi in charge they’ll oversee the functioning of the new Heaven I’ve made and Rowena will continue to rule over hell as she sees fit.”
Dean turns to look at Cas. Jack can’t see him but he knows Dean’s hurt. Not because he’s Godly but because he knows Dean. “Well Cas, tell us how you really feel.” The words come out of Dean’s mouth laced with spite.
But… Dean pauses. But he remembers having The Mark. He remembers how there was a part of him thinking about how
Dean puts his hands on Cas’ shoulders and it sends shivers through his entire body as Dean’s warm hands make contact. Dean spins Cas around and steers him into the front room where Victor and Jo are setting up mats to sleep on.
“That’s my line,” his clone says flatly. “Get in.” He gestures to the door from whence he’d come. Dean scans the storefront - it’s a bar, an empty one by the looks of it.
Sam’s lips twist in concern. “Are you sure this is safe? How can you even trust this guy? Or angel, whatever. You don’t know him.”
“Throwing knives at trees,” Jo answers. Well that would explain the high spirits. “Cas is like, a machine. His aim is scarily accurate. Like, dead on every time.”
Victor’s call draws the man’s attention up. As he lifts his head, Dean gets a glimpse of his bright blue eyes, in stark contrast to the tousled dark hair and scruff of stubble.
With the go ahead from Victor, they head out. This time Jo takes the driver’s seat, with Victor at her side chatting away happily, leaving Dean stuck in the back with Cas. Luckily, Cas doesn’t seem in the mood to make small talk, still sporting the same miserable expression and staring off into space.
Sam’s mouth is perched open, eyed wide. He moves to sit on the side of his bed facing Dean. “Are you— I mean is that really
Dean stumbles as he clambers out the Impala, with Jody standing there with open arms to bear witness. He rights himself and Cas is quickly by his side. “Maybe this isn’t a good idea,” Cas murmurs to him.
Jody isn’t his snot-nosed little brother who’s stupid judgement Dean’s learnt to tune out. Nor is she some stranger on the street or some random diner waitress Dean’ll never see again. He actually
Dean’s pulse is racing, pumping adrenaline around his body. It’s not like Dean wants Cas to get aroused from sitting on his lap for his own personal gratification. It’s for the bet. But he does
When at last, the world shifts into somber blue tones hinting the imminent arrival of the morning, Sam begins to stir. He opens an eye just as the first lights streams in. Dean, immediately shifts, tired and bleary from lack of sleep, even after managing about a couple of hours of shallow sleep at some point during the night.
“He took out a bunch of picture books and he told me that he’d just moved here recently. He also borrowed some gardening books, which was like,
Dean’s smile lingered as he stood there, outside the house he shared with the love of his life, who was right there pressed to his side. He let the noon sun shine down on his face and the gentle breeze flush over him.
“Cool, okay,” Dean says, and raises a hand to the door to leave, only to pause and turn back. “You know, since Jo’s such a big fan o’ yours I don’t wanna make a bad impression. And ‘cause we’re gunna be working together. But, uh, if you don’t wanna talk about your past, that’s fine by me, but you can’t— If we’re supposed to follow you, we gotta trust you. And we gotta know you to trust you. Victor knows you, and I know Victor, so it’s not like you’re a stranger, but— just saying, you gotta let us in at least a little.”
Victor sighs and grits his teeth. “I’m sorry, man. That sucks,” he offers, placing a palm on Cas’ right shoulder. “But I need you to get your head in the game. We need you at your best or we’re all angel fodder.”
Before Dean can close his eyes, prepare himself for what comes next, the word turns dark of its own accord, and Dean is floating through the abyss.
Dean’s older self shuts off the engine, but pauses. “I know the whole ‘giving up hunting’ thing is weird for you,” he begins. “I just- You know, a lot’s changed. Obviously I’m still you, you’re still me, but I- I’ve learned to let myself do things the way I- the way I always wanted to.”
And with that he plunges the blade into Efram’s gut, the life fading from him in a brilliant flash of white.
. The message is communicated one way or the other, with Cas busying his hands unbuckling his belt and dropping his slacks.
“Sure you are, Cas,” Sam reassures, with a quick pat on the arm. “You’re a brother to us, a Winchester through and through.”
Dean’s still clutching the vial tight, holding it to his chest. Despite its cool light, the vial emanates warmth. “Hey, good morning,” Dean says, soft. “How are you feeling?”
Castiel smiles awkwardly. “Hello,” he says with a small half-wave. Bobby’s face remains perplexed and Castiel shrinks his hand back down and presses his lips together into a line. Angelic combat training never covered social situations.
“I suppose you might see it that way,” Castiel says, by way of compromise. After all, while he feels compelled to dispute Dean’s claim, he very much enjoys the way that Dean looks at him while under this misguided impression. “Certainly despite everything, I do not regret my decisions, and as such I have accepted the consequences of my actions.”
Dean sits silent, taking in every word. There’s no spite in his words, no anger, no regret. “Why?” Dean asks, quiet, almost in a whisper. “Why don’t you hate me?”
Most days at the wall pass the same way. The sun rises in the east and Castiel sits in shadow,  the birds will wake and fill the air with the sounds of their song. As the hours pass, the sun slowly moves him into the light, the forest canopy gleaming in emerald, the butterflies and bees make their rounds, their bodies fluffy with yellow pollen. As the sun begins to drop, its beautiful amber glow filters through the trees casting speckled shadows over the canvas of the wall behind him.
“What happened? To Stanford, I mean. To being normal, and getting out?” Dean asks, pushing his words past the lump in his throat.
“Scouring reports for leads on the tablet,” Victor replies. He blows out a long breathy sigh and closes his eyes. “We got nothing. We know the thing exists now, but it may as well not since I can’t find mention of the damn thing anywhere.”
“That was Hunger’s influence.” Cas justified, his hand resting on the top of Jack’s head as Jack clung to his leg. “If Jack gets hurt I’ll heal him.”
With Sam driving and Dean riding shotgun, the journey is blissfully free of any further hijinks. Dean’s thankful for the break, and from the chilled out expression he catches Cas sporting when he occasionally checks on him in the rearview mirror, Cas is too.
“Who cares. Do we even need a reason? Come on, don’t tell me you’re tired after one vamp nest?” Dean grins and slaps Cas on the back which nets a grunt from Cas.
Castiel’s chest feels heavy as Dean walks away into the night, though still he is warmed with the knowledge that he can do some good in this world, even here, standing by this gate day-in and day-out.
Still the angel stares him down. It’s a distrustful, uncomfortable stare, not at all like Castiel’s which tends to wash over him like a gentle wave. This one grates against him.
Castiel considers for a moment. “Possibly. Possibly not. I meant more so the consequences for all of us. There are things inside the citadel that we simply cannot allow to fall into demon hands.”
“Spoilers, I guess,” older Dean says, looking Dean head on, unwavering. “Sit.” he gestures to a bar stool before walking around behind the bar. Dean does as he’s told while his older self plops two glasses onto the counter and starts pouring out some top shelf whiskey. Dean is hesitant, but slides the glass toward himself and takes a small sip. It’s good, exactly to his tastes.
Cas runs his fingertips across the wooden table, watching as his fingers trace the pattern of the wood grain.
Because Cas hadn’t. He can’t say that so he takes a breath and answers, “Because I’ve experienced the strength of an angel firsthand, and if they really did want every human dead, if it weren’t for their mercy, their hesitation and their fear, none of us would stand a chance.”
Luckily what he does have is friends with wardrobes stocked with seemingly endless flannel. For a guy who claims not to give a shit about girly shit like fashion, Dean Winchester has quite the expansive wardrobe. Well, expansive in quantity more than variety.
“Yeah. Blonde, pretty. She was the only person in there who really gave me the time of day— or at least the only one who didn’t keep asking me about how I got better.” Sam recounts.
The room is already bright, the thin curtains doing little to keep out the morning light. There are the beginnings of a stir upstairs, signifying that whatever quiet peace Dean and Castiel had found for themselves is almost over. Resigning himself to that fact, Dean pulls himself out of Castiel’s grasp and gets upright.
’t want to), but it feels, in a weird way, like a real rejection. Even when there’s stakes, and agreements and money involved, he’s not enough to make Cas stay.
Dean scoffs at that, but he doesn’t argue. It’s strange, but all of this feels just like the inevitable breaking of the camel’s back. The years of thieving, sleazing, and trouble-making, building up a reputation for himself in Lawrence, how can he really blame his neighbours for thinking the worst? Dean had been sneaking out of town at night for weeks, and if Pastor Jim had noticed who’s to say he was the only one? Then Sam, the only person he’s ever been known to give a damn about, recovers from his fatal illness.
“But for me, the most important thing was always doing something with my life that mattered, that meant something. You know back in my pre-law days I had aspirations to be a human rights lawyer, because I thought that I could help people that way. Eventually I realised that the best way I know how to help is hunting, or at least my version of it. So that’s what I’m doing. And if I find that one day that meaning changes, like it did for you, then I’ll stop.”
Sam’s eyes widen and his brows furrow. “What do you mean ‘wrong’?” Sam sits bolt upright. “Cas, what’s wrong with me?”
Jo eyes him warily. “To go?” she asks. Dean sighs and nods. The two slip over to the cooler and grab as many beers as they can carry, sneaking out before anyone stops them to protest.
“Good morning,” Jack chimes back. Cas places a bowl of cereal in front of him. “Thanks dad, love you.”
Cas’ face melts into a soft, sympathetic smile. “You’re a good man, Dean.” he says softly, earnestly.
Castiel’s stomach is empty but he feels sick. Guilt is overwhelmed by responsibility. It doesn’t dull the panic any, but at least, before he, too, disappears from this world, he knows where he ought to go.
“I mean, Henrickson’s a pretty big deal these days,” she goes on. “And Cas? Fucking legendary. You’ve never met him, right?”
So Dean goes for a cold shower. It’s more of a wash than a shower since drenching one’s entire body in cold water is not particularly appealing even in the summer months. After he’s done, he emerges feeling refreshed, finding Victor alone at the kitchen table poring over maps and reports.
Sam’s eyes are filled with dread and fear, but not surprise. “I don’t know. There’s nothing wrong with him.”
“Whenever I see fit,” Uriel states with an air of newly found authority. Castiel would almost say he’s enjoying it, looking down his nose at him.
“Azrael and Loriel are confronting them as we speak—” Zachariah continues, joyfully salivating at the thought. Castiel can’t bear to hear the end of it, he shoots off into the air like a bullet, Zachariah’s startled shouts after him a distant murmur in less than a moment.
Sam grits his teeth and looks back at his brother, who just nods his head as if to say “Yeah, I know, right?”
“No, Dean, I- you’re too proud to lose like that. I knew that about you and I feel as though I exploited it.” Cas sighs and finally meets Dean’s gaze. “I just wanted to- I was frustrated. At the diner, I was annoyed at you because-”
“And you trust him?” Dean asks. Worrying he comes off a little harsh, he adds, “I mean, you know him pretty well, right?”
Castiel looks over to the forest’s edge just ahead. Nobody will emerge from there now, and he no longer has any reason or responsibility to look. So he doesn’t. He squeezes his eyes shut and buries his face in the warm, dry grass, hoping that if he does so for long enough then maybe everything else will stop.
Dean sucks in a breath. “Yeah, I don’t know, it’s kinda more than that,” he admits, rolling the beer bottle in his hands, fiddling with its peeling label. “This whole thing’s kinda my fault so I just wanna be helpful, y’know?”
The night wears on and for a few hours, Dean and Cas can just be Dean and Cas. As they always have been. They talk and joke and reminisce and it’s nice, Dean thinks. It’s strange, it’s only been a couple of days but he feels as though he’d almost forgotten what it was like, and how much he really loves Cas…’s company.
Dean stops in Castiel’s gaze, his eyes are fixed on Castiel, his lips frozen, parted ever so slightly. He might have even stopped breathing.
Castiel offers a sad smile. “I apologise for having worried you,” he says, placing his good hand over Dean’s. “I was called away suddenly. I felt terrible not being able to contact you I— I heard your prayers.”
Older Dean tenses. It’s the first time Dean’s seen his older self be anything other than cool and collected. He waits for an answer, wondering if maybe something happened to her. Maybe his older self has more in common with John than he claims. He doesn’t get his answer, but he doesn’t ask again.
Dean feels a weight in his chest. It’s not dissimilar from the one he gets when his dad reels off reasons why he’s let him down.
“The relish in this burger is amazing,” Dean says, mouth still half full. “Sam you’re missing out with your rabbit crap.”
“Yeah, but you gotta sleep a little,” Dean says with a scoff. “And hey, I’m not one to talk, okay, but I always try to get my four hours.”
“No!” Dean jumps in. The denial comes automatic, and he’s not sure why at first. But he can’t, he just
Dean’s eyes are wet and Sam’s face breaks. “Okay, Dean,” he says. Dean presses his lips together and nods. “Okay, so what do you have to do?”
- their steps springy with giddiness as they approached the front door. Pulling a pristine silver key from his jacket pocket, with a turn and click, Dean swung open the door to their new life. The pair stood on the front porch for a moment, not quite believing that this door was for them.
Cas leans down, his lips by Dean’s ear such that Dean can feel Cas’ stubble against the skin of his jaw. “Are you sure,” he murmurs. “I could tell you just how far I’m willing to go if you’d like?”
“Hey Dean, do you want pancakes-” Sam barges into the room before stopping dead and slamming the door shut again. “Oh god, sorry.”
Dean smiled softly, glancing down at the angel on his shoulder, then back up at the star-speckled sky.
“It’s actually quite common. When an angel dies, the ground can spawn entire groves. I suspect an archangel could produce an entire forest,” Castiel espouses, placing his own palm flat against the trunk, another spark spreading through Dean from where he’s still in contact with the bark.
This greeting varied from day to day, taking the form of anything from a grin and a “Good morning, sunshine!”, to an impassioned smooch. On this morning, Dean had opted to walk up to Cas from behind, smack his ass and say,
They can’t pull into that motel soon enough. As soon as Dean shuts off the engine he swings round to Sam. “Sammy, you go get us our room, I gotta talk to Cas for a second.”
Fuck this. Who knows if this other Dean can even help him; the guy’s probably rusty from being out of game so long. He’s probably got a bad back and can’t read stuff close up or see stuff far away. He’s probably got a whole heap of old man problems that Dean doesn’t imagine he’ll ever have to deal with since there’s little chance in hell he’s ever getting old.
Dean presses his lips into a line and nods. “Right,” he says, skeptical. If any of that were true, then Castiel wouldn’t have been so antsy about Dean ‘testing’ him, or whatever crazy thing he convinced himself of. Nor would he have made Dean swear to secrecy when he handed him his grace. Whether he admits it or not, Castiel’s a
Victor nods. “Yeah,” he says slowly. “Yeah, he’s on the team for this. You guys have never met him before, right?” The two shake their heads. Victor’s lips twist in contemplation. “Hmm, alright. I should warn you he’s a little… different. Can be prickly, says some weird stuff. Great guy, though, once you get to know him.”
“So you don’t get your clothes dirty when you’re baking.” Cas answered, his voice genuine and sweet.
With nowhere to go, no place to be and no home in which to belong, Cas took a step forward. And another. And yet another. He walked on, past landmarks of nothing, along a blank path and into an endless future of emptiness. The empty as an entity had not reared its head, avoiding him, perhaps. After all, even appearing before him to gloat would be a mercy in the face of the limitless isolation. As Cas moved onwards through the looming dark, he allowed his mind to wander; to ponder what his friends, his family, were doing now. Whether they had won, which he was certain they would; whether they had found solace in their freedom, that they were happy.
Dean takes a moment, his eyes wide, not sure how to interact with this innocent little thing without breaking him. “Um, yeah, that’s right,” Dean answers, rolling with it.
Castiel can see Naomi fighting back a smile as she gestures to the guards at the main doors. “Very well, bring him in.”
Dean brings his bowl over and plops himself at the table opposite his brother, his expression fixed in worry. “Maybe we should get Cas to check you out,” he suggests.
Dean swallows, knowing in some ways that he’s probably right. Dean’s definitely not equipped for this situation. But then he’s banking on the fact that Cas is
Cas chuckles from his armchair, not lifting his eyes from the book he’s presently got his nose in. The older Dean shoots him a glare.
“What about you?” Bobby directs his question at Castiel, who’s still painting on the kitchen window. Castiel lowers the brush to face Bobby, feeling the weight of the man’s gaze on him like no human he’s ever met. “You’re the one who dragged the boys into this mess. You got anything to add? Any angelic wisdom?”
Victor turns to face Jo. “And you must be Jo,” he says, holding out a hand. Jo grasps it and shakes. “Heard a lot about you.”
Dean scrambles into bed proper, face pressed into the pillow in a mildly inebriated exhaustion. He lazily pats the other side of the bed. “You getting in then?”
His feet drag with every step, marking a trail through the dry dirt of the forest floor, and disturbing the carpet of yellow and brown leaves. The trees and their sturdy trunks provide enough support to help Castiel amble through the thicket. Hours pass, Castiel thinks. He can’t be sure, though the sun has certainly shifted to a lower angle in the sky, though he mustn’t look at it for loo long, its bright light incomprehensible beyond a burning, blaring white.
Castiel drops his hold and lets the man, this man who would question the will of angels, slump to the floor.“Who are you?”
you, man. I can’t— shit.” Dean swallows the lump in his throat. “God… how do you even thank someone for something like that?”
Sam freezes, eyes wide, gaze shifting from Dean’s panicked face, to their interlocked hands, back to Dean’s panicked face. “Oh?” Sam’s face shifts into a broad grin that stretches across his cheeks. He claps his hands around the two on each of their shoulders. “Finally. I was wondering when you two’d figure it out.”
Without breaking the kiss, Cas takes Dean in his hand. A noise escapes Dean’s throat before he takes Cas in turn. They work one another keeping their mouths connected until Dean gasps, head pushing back into the mattress as he whites out, his mind lost in ecstasy. Cas follows after, burying his head in Dean’s shoulders, mirroring his earlier exclamation, “Fuck.”
They enjoy helping out though, it’s never a chore when it’s for family. Jody pops out every now and again offering Dean a fresh glass of water or something to eat, but for the most part he powers through in the back yard by himself. God, that yard’s been neglected. It’s a good thing Cas didn’t see it before Dean started working on it because he may well have fainted.
“You two have caused me nothing but pain for ten years,” Sam says, shaking his head. “It was bad enough when you-” Sam’s cut off by his ringing phone. Thankful for the out, he picks up the call the second he can. “Hey Jody,” Sam sighs in relief. “Yeah, shoot… uh yeah I’d say that sounds like a rugaru… Yeah that’ll do it… No yeah it has been a while… Well Cas, Dean and me are all heading back from a case right now, we’ll probably be passing through Sioux Falls-”
“Why do you spend so much time coming here to see me?” Castiel asks, sure that the drink is not (yet) having any real effect on him.
Well there goes the element of stealth. Dean turns to flee, but considers that at this point it likely makes no difference, and after all, opportunity may yet lie ahead. He slowly inches forward, hands raised up in a surrender. His attention is fixed on the angel, and the gate behind him.
The man’s eyes dart yet again to Castiel’s sword belt. His tongue darts out from between his closed lips and he begins the motions of a forward lunge. His recklessness does not make for a sound strategy as Castiel easily deflects by pushing him back with a palm flat to the centre of the chest with a controlled momentum so as to not crack the fragile human ribcage.
“When Jo and I were in town we— well she thought it would be nice to use the leftover cash to get something nice for you guys. I don’t really know what kind of stuff you like, but you always go on watch, so I figured you must get bored so…” Dean rubs his neck and takes a a breath as he pulls an old worn book out of his bag.
“Stop!” Castiel orders, his wings unfolding a little in a futile display of authority. “I don’t want to have to kill you, but now you are forcing my hand.”
Hearing Cas’ voice startles him to the point of dropping his wrench on his face. From such a shallow height it doesn’t really hurt, but his face reddens anyway as he rolls out from under the Impala with the knowledge that Cas would have heard the clattering noise as it fell. “Heya Cas,” he says, voice cool and steady, trying his damnedest not to sound hurt like a jilted lover. “Haven’t seen you since last night.”
“Yes, Cas,” Dean rolls his eyes, before frowning as his mind catches up with him. “Why did I agree to this?”
Dean’s wringing his hands in his lap. He looks up and smiles at Castiel, but Castiel only frowns in response. “That’s a very long timeline for a demonic blight. I’ve never heard of any lasting for more than three or four years from the onset of symptoms, and approximately six to seven years from the initial contact in total. Even without knowing the date of contact, your brother survived for
“Woah,” she says. “Dean, you used to be kinda cute.” She has a devilish grin that’s instantly likeable. The older Dean shoots her a weary look.
When the world finally shifts back into sound, Castiel is met with an eerie silence. Dean on his knees, staring, crushed and despondent. There’s blood pooling on the otherwise pure white floor underneath and around him. His back aches and stings, but feels light and empty.
comfortable.” So they’re back on. And Cas really isn’t letting up as he rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
Without much thought his hands slip lower to rest on Cas’ hips. If he wanted to, it would be so easy to just pull him closer. His hands are perched there as a dare, or an invitation, to thrust, just a little, and break the second rule.
“That’s not like you; you’re usually all over me before I even get out the trees.” Dean straightens his shirt out and leans down to pick something off of the floor. It’s a book. He must have dropped it when Castiel attacked him. Castiel watches with wide eyes. “You alright, buddy?”
Dean stumbles as he finds his footing. His other self strides in after him and pulls out a silver blade. Dean holds up his hands, notably unarmed himself.
Castiel, too, is defeated. He sighs and lowers his sword arm, shaking his head in disappointment. “I can’t…” he mutters. “After everything and I still can’t make myself kill you.”
Cas smiles and peruses for a moment, Dean watching as Cas’ eyes scan the selection, his index finger poised thoughtfully over his lips. Cas picks out a small fern. “This one. It prefers low light.”
Jo rolls her eyes, but doesn’t bother to retort. The headache tonic is bitter and goes down thick. It’s unpleasant, but Dean’s certainly swallowed worse. The stuff’s effective though; apparently Garth knows where to get the good stuff, which seems strange for a guy like him— he’s got layers. That says nothing for his aching limbs, however.
rituals, man,” Sam says through a laugh. Dean’s face is screwed up as he tries to parse Sam’s sentiment. He kind of knows what Sam’s getting at, but he’s not gunna give him the satisfaction.
Castiel’s face forms that wide-eyed innocent expression that Dean now recognises to mean that Castiel is taken aback by a show of kindness that really isn’t anything above and beyond normal for a human, but is apparently completely out of the ordinary for an angel. It doesn’t bear thinking about just how cold and callous angel society must be for Castiel to be so genuinely touched by such small gestures.
Cas tuts. “I know how to behave at a family dinner,” he says, heading straight to kitchen to cut Dean off with absence before he can argue.
“Okay, you’re right,” Dean conceded, biting his tongue on whatever stubborn argument he wanted to make. “I just hate to see him suffer.”
For a small town, it’s decently stocked. As much as Dean wants to get fresh ingredients, it’s unlikely they’ll have any cooking apparatus in the uninhabited zone, so he opts for several packages of pre-made stews and soups. Jo comes back from the apothecary with as many first aid supplies as she can carry, not that they anticipate needing that many— if you get injured in angel territory, you’re dead.
“I’m good,” Dean states emphatically, dropping the last shred. Looking to his right, he sees Cas looking at him with concern too. “I’m
“What the hell did you do to that guy?” he demands to know, staring down Cas with a righteous anger.
Cas points to a mark on the map, a few roads away from where they’re staying. “We can expect the angel to be patrolling Heath Street between 8:15 and 8:25pm. This house is located between the two towns in marginal territory, so it is within spitting distance of the patrol route. As such we should be able to lure them here,
“I— I don’t know,” he says quickly, raising his hands in innocence. “It’s one of my favourites, I just thought I would try to be nice.”
Dean sat on a chair on the patio with a cool glass of lemonade, watching the two like a rerun of his favourite show. He chuckled to himself as Cas, exasperated, tried to get Jack to stop digging around for worms.
Dean barely knows what he’s doing, his brain can’t keep up as he pushes their faces closer, as he rubs his thumbs in circles on Cas’ jaw. That apprehensive voice in his head that always tells him to stop, to pull away, to deny, deny, deny has been growing quieter with each passing day until now when it’s completely silenced. It’s drowned out by the vague, desperate notions of want and desire that compel him to pull Cas closer, to make the kiss deeper.
It’s a longer one, all in Enochian. It feels strange now, that his mother tongue has been shafted to the language of spellwork and little else. Cas has almost forgotten what it feels like to joke, or to sing in the language of his people.
“Oh.” Cas’ lips are held tight, straining to keep his face composed. He’s voice is unsteady as he confesses, “I thought it was nice too. In fact, I should- I should confess that not all of it- it wasn’t as easy for me as I let on. I was- affected at times.”
“Hey, come here,” Dean beckons Castiel over. Castiel obliges and lets Dean take his hand and pull him close. “I don’t blame you, neither does Sam. And I don’t want you to die for helping me, how do you think that could ever sit right with me? I want you here, with us.”
transparent? As if it weren’t bad enough to have his heart crushed into dust, now he’s gotta talk about it.
Castiel shakes his head, eyes forced downwards, away from Bobby’s scrutiny. “No,” Castiel says, clearing his throat to let the words that follow come out clear. “They let me go.”
Dean snickers. “Uh, you did. You were six foot of skin and bone at that age; you needed all the help you could get. You’re lucky you had me looking out for you.”
“Good call,” Dean says, tossing the keys to Cas as he gets up. Despite his terrible aim sending them careening off nowhere near Cas, he manages to catch the keys one-handed. “Sorry, good catch,” Dean remarks.
“Anyway, sorry if I was a little confrontational with you yesterday- hey kid, you wanna slow down,” the older Dean says softly yet sternly as he turns his attention to Jack, who’s drinking milk directly out of the bowl with loud, eager slurps.
“Wow,” Dean says through a snicker, his eyes creasing at the edges in an endearing sign of a life lived in laughter. “Wait, hold on, fifty
Cas is disturbed by a gentle rap at the closed door. He sits upright and wipes away the tears he hadn’t even noticed he’d shed. “Come in,” he says, voice coming out in a rasp.
“I’m sorry Dean,” he says, voice low and quiet. He tilts his head. “Does that make you uncomfortable?”
“Tia, please.” Rachel grimaced. “Here’s me talking about a sweet loving father, and then there’s you flirting with a married mechanic.”
Dean knocks with a series of urgent, heavy raps on the door. “Bobby, it’s Dean. Open up!” Dean yells. There’s a muffled clattering audible through the door before it swings open to reveal a surly older man with a permanent expression of mild displeasure.
Jack trudged over the mattress and standing at the edge of the bed gave Dean a tactical hug. With his face against Dean’s chest he said, “Can I have the cookie cereal today? Please?”
Cas looks to Sam, then looks expectantly to Dean, who closes his eyes and sighs. “Come on Cas,” he says with a beckoning hand.
Castiel appears to have struck a cord. Dean looks away and takes a breath. He works his jaw before saying, “My little brother.”
The rustle’s track the movement to the north. From this distance Dean can just make out the figure of Castiel as he walks away in the direction of the commotion. Dean skulks through the brush and makes a break for the gate.
Castiel exhales, then extends a hand. After a moment’s pause, Dean takes it and allows Castiel to pull him to his feet and meet his gaze, level, eye-to-eye.
Dean hadn’t been fool enough to assume the gate would be unguarded; the angels are fiercely protective of their city. But there’s only one guard, alone, out of sight and earshot from any of the other watch posts along the wall— Dean was sure to check. Either the angels have placed a great deal of faith in this single sentry, or they’re idiots— it would be naïve to assume the latter, so Dean is cautious. He skulks in the trees, shielded by cover of their shadow and the vast array of shrubbery that lines the forest’s edge.
But in all this, Castiel is quickly overwhelmed. He only has the one blade and very quickly both he and the Winchesters are apprehended as several angels pile on top of him, forcing the blade from his hand and pushing him down to his knees, into the waterlogged dirt.
The five of them are spread around the room making space for all the books sprawled out across the two tables. Dean can only get through a sentence or two at a time before his mind taps out, either blanking and not taking in another word, or wandering off in wayward directions. He crashes his head down onto its pages and lets out a dramatic groan.
That’s what the innkeeper tells them when she’s debating whether or not to let a group of mysterious strangers stay in her inn. “We don’t want no trouble here,” she warns.
Sam and Bobby split off upstairs and Dean heads into the living room to start arranging blankets. Castiel follows him into the living room, standing a respectable distance away, hovering in the doorway.
“You’re lucky, I don’t do this for just anyone,” Cas says, his hands still resting on Dean’s shoulder and mid-back. And it’s fine.
“No. Water sucks.” Dean pauses to burp, which results in more disgust from Sam. “I’m gunna go take all of the ibuprofen.” Dean makes for the door, dragging his slippered feet slowly over the cool kitchen tiles.
Dean goes away to order and comes back to the table with a whiskey for himself, and a fruity cocktail with a tiny umbrella in it for Cas. “Here you go,” he says with a smug grin as he slides the drink over to Cas.
“Night, Cas,” Dean murmurs, drifting off already. In his half-asleep state, Dean reaches over and grips Cas’ sleeve, holding it tight like he might just float away.
Castiel’s hand is ready, he takes a fighting stance. Sam and Dean do their best, but there’s a distinct feeling of futility clouding their minds that they’re both trying desperately not to fall prey to.
“Tonight.” Dean rolls over to lie on his back. “It was kinda nice. I hate lyin’ to Jody, but… I don’t know it was nice being all together.”
“Oh,” Dean sighs. He stands there, expression frozen, for a moment. No point dwelling on his own stupidity, Dean steps forward, takes Cas’ face in his hands and kisses him. It’s not a tidy kiss; there’s too much pressure and desperation in it, but it’s the best he can give him right there in that moment. If Cas wants him, for whatever misguided reason, he’ll give him the best that he can.
“Anyway,” Dean continues, clearly affronted. “Yeah, never knew my parents. Apparently I was just found, dumped somewhere as a baby. I don’t ever wanna meet those deadbeats, honestly.”
The five of them stand around the table, a bowl of ‘stuff’ laid out in its centre. This is it. The whole ordeal is over, or it’s about to be.
. What did you do this time?” He shifts himself up in his bed. “No, wait, it’s actually too early for this, don’t tell me.”
“Wait,” Sam calls after him. Dean turns back, expression a little dark and moody. “Where you going? Cas said he was looking for you.”
Sam and Dean’s eyes meet in a panic. Dean turns his attention back to Castiel. “Cas, what do we do? We need to get out of here, yeah?”
Castiel flicks his eyes up to meet Bobby’s for as much of a moment as he can manage. The answer will not sate him, will not help him find peace, and will certainly not absolve Castiel of any of the blame. But it is the truth, and this man deserves that much. So Castiel answers, “I can’t be sure, but— it’s likely my punishment.” Bobby is silent, simply looking at him with the same pained expression. “To continue to suffer in this… state, or to take my own life in shame. To angels that is a greater punishment than a simple execution.”
The grocer, Stephen, had been loitering in his shop doorway during the exchange. As the angel retreats to a reasonable distance, Stephen comments, “Angels in town, huh? That’s new.”
As Dean eats, Castiel picks at the berries slowly and tentatively, constantly looking up at Dean in between as if checking to make sure he still has permission. “I don’t want any, they’re all for you,” Dean clarifies, pushing the punnet closer to Castiel.
As they get closer, Sam’s face lights up and he pulls his brother into an hug. Dean hangs back, just watching. There’s something about this older Sam, something about the way he moves that seems so much heavier than the Sam he knows. This Sam seems like he’s been broken down and stitched back together more than a few times.
The waitress makes a smacking gesture at her forehead. “Oh, I’m sorry, I’m so stupid. My bad,” she says, glancing down at Dean’s notably uninjured hand, clearly making some kind of mental note, then moving on. “Are you guys ready to order?”
in soil like a pair of muddy gloves. “Jack why don’t you run in and wash your hands and I’ll finish this.”
“What compels the two of you to buy so many nearly identical shirts?” Cas asks, pulling a red plaid sleeve towards himself, feeling the rough fabric between his fingers.
Cas lunges again. Efram tries to force him back, to disarm him, anything, but Cas is better than him and they both know it; he wasn’t commander of his own squadron back in the day for nothing. This time Cas manages a deep plunge into Efram’s thigh. He drops to his knees, groaning in pain.
With a beat, they’re up and into the air. Dean understands what Castiel meant by ‘hold on to your lunch’— the force of the upwards thrust is jarring and dizzying. The wind batters them head on as Castiel pushes his way through the air. Part of him just wants to bury his face in Castiel’s chest, but the part of him that enjoys the exhilaration wins out. The view is like nothing he’s ever experienced. Everything seems to small from up here. It’s no wonder really that angels see humans the way they do.
“Nothing like that,” Castiel answers, tapping his fingers against the glass bottle, the gentle rhythm of the light clinks soothing. “I just don’t see much merit in frivolous entanglements when we have important work to do.”
Dean’s face is frozen, gobsmacked. He could see himself married, sure. Farfetched and unattainable, yeah, but strictly speaking he could imagine it. But a kid? Hell no.
“No I tell ya, it’s much more enjoyable hearing it second hand than living it.” Jody goes to pick up her glass and takes a sip. “I had a headache that lasted all week after that. My mom never let me hear the end of it. Although my dad was mostly just impressed that I managed to summon the upper body strength to throw the guy when I was about a thousand miles past drunk.”
“Your skill will come in handy against an angel,” he offers. “We should only be dealing with one today, so you and Dean will be there in a support capacity. I don’t expect any trouble, I’ve dealt with a lot of angels before, I know all their moves.” Castiel winks at the end. Jo seems more flustered than before.
Dean’s shoulders drop, but his face flattens into a cool expression. “Oh, uh, that sucks,” he says with a sigh. “Are you sure you couldn’t— I dunno just for a few hours. I mean who would notice?”
about it. Not that he can turn to either one of them right now anyway. Not that he could in 2005 either.
“Do you really believe that? Or do you just want to?” Castiel asks, soft, not accusing or judging, just asking.
Castiel smirks as he takes back the blade. “Of course.” Dean just wants to kiss that stupid smirk off his face. Oh, he can do that if he wants. So he does, pulling Cas towards him with a hand at his waist. He’s careful not to let it get too heated, keeping it slow and gentle, making sure there’s still plenty to work towards later.
But he’s not the same. The lines at the corners of his eyes look like they’ve been put there by laughter instead of worry. His smile comes easier, when he’s happy and not when he’s trying to charm someone into giving him something. Dean used to see flickering memories of the pit every time he looked into his own eyes. Now he just sees the green of his front yard, and Claire grinning as she proves to Cas that she can do cartwheels.
He owes that to Cas. He owes a hell of a lot to Cas, if he’s being honest, but at the very least it’s that. He raises his chin, and with a voice that only just shakes, he says, “Yeah, I would.”
Castiel’s existence fills with fire and brimstone at the thought. Rage against these corrupt creatures for corrupting the Sword of Heaven. He tears through the remnants of Hell with a vicious fury, showing these demons even less mercy than they allow the souls they trap down here. Castiel’s certain that he’s going to find the Righteous Man mangled and scarred and ugly, as he’s been told all broken things are.
can.” Chuck rocks back on the heels of his feet. He’d almost look unbothered, if it weren’t so obvious how much he was enjoying this. With a shrug, he finishes, “But I’m not going to.”
Cas is quiet, save for the few, sharp directions he barks out every so often. He doesn’t look up from the documents in his hands. Dean stews in his own angry juices until he can’t stand the silence another second longer.
Something sours in the pits of Dean’s gut. But it’s Sam who finds the words and manages to ask, “Why not?”
It had been a losing battle since the moment Cas had decided they should finally go into the attic, and everyone knows it, but he still feels a little smug with the victory when Dean groans loudly and throws his hands up in the air and mutters, “Fine, what the hell. Let’s go in the creepy attic, what’s the worst that could happen?”
give a big congratulations to Dean, new lead manager of Woody’s Auto Repair and proud founder of Woody’s Towing Company.”
There’s not much of a plan, save for driving around town like a jackass and leering at strangers who look about Sam’s height to see if the Sasquatch is just wandering down the town square. Dean makes a pit-stop at a few motels, leaving his first name with each clerk and the message,
Cas moves to another spot and he kisses there, too. Dean’s breath hitches underneath him. It’s another testament to how miraculous Dean is at all; that Cas can kiss these spaces he’s kissed a hundred times before and still get this response. “And just where do you think I learned it from?”
The tea kettle starts to steam, and he takes it off the stove before it’s volume can reach the upstairs. As always, he’s boiled too much water, and has too much left over even after he’s filled his mug. He sets it aside, thinking to himself he’ll finish it later and knowing that he won’t.
“What are you laughin’ at?” Dean murmurs, feigning affront, but hardly breaking the kiss to ask his question. Cas has lost count of how many times they’ve kissed like this. Lazy then heated then laughing and always caught up in the moment.
They relay ideas back and forth. Hidden sigils in paintings and on the interiors of closet doors. Devil’s Traps under the rugs at all the doors. Dean shoots down Cas’s suggestion for salt lines at the windows, nervous about damn bugs, and instead they settle on iron frames in the windows and at the doors and debate on whether or not a small carved Devil’s Trap would work on a window sill.
Dean hums in response. Cas lets go of his hold on Dean’s coveralls, and they smile at each other for a moment as they pull away. Dean brushes a few strands of hair off of Cas’s forehead. “I can’t believe my kid wants to be a runner. She’s spending too much time with Sam.”
They don’t know how long it’ll stay up in a place like this but they dig two stakes out of the trunk of the Impala and tie them together in a makeshift cross. Dean drives one end into the ground. With shaky fingers, Dean carves a lopsided
Cas is still learning to pick up on a variety of different social cues, but he knows Sam Winchester better than he knows most men, and it’s easy enough to pick up on the anxiety in his tone. “So you’ll be back before Dean’s birthday tomorrow.”
“Even if I wasn’t bored, I’d still want to know,” Dean says finally, just as Cas is pulling his bowl back out at the microwave. They sit down at the table together. “I know I’m an asshole, and I’m not gonna promise I won’t give you shit for whatever, because that’s just what I do, but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to know what you’re up to, Cas.”
They’ve changed. Both of them, and for entirely different reasons that Dean can’t think about for too long without feeling like the guilt of it is gonna choke him to death. But Sam, he just… He just got out of
Dean tears free another piece of linoleum and tosses it in the vague direction of the big ass garbage can that’s by Cas’s chair. Cas sighs and picks it up when Dean misses. “Grocery day isn’t until tomorrow, you’ll have to wait.”
Dean scoffed with a smile. Jack, who had been let loose by Cas, was running about the place, exploring.
a long list. “This assignment is typically reserved for junior angels with limited combat experience. I used to be a soldier in the garrison— I actually lead my own troupe of angels. But, as you say, I seem to have pissed off the wrong angels. This detail could be considered my punishment.”
“Sleeping on the floor sucks ass, I’m gunna be feeling this for the rest of my life,” Dean laments, his back still not having fully recovered from Bobby’s lumpy couch. “But yeah, let’s keep going.”
“Hey, I got something different today,” Dean says, a mischievous glint in his eye. He reaches into his satchel and pulls out a brown glass bottle. “Can angels get drunk?”
“You would lower yourself to the likes of humanity, Castiel,” Naomi says, pitiless. “It only seems fitting.”
Dean sleeps through the night, waking slowly and gently the next morning finding his head resting on something firmer and warmer than a pillow. He looks over to see Cas underneath him, Cas’ face nestled in Dean’s hair.
“You rest now, son,” Bobby says, getting up to leave. “I don’t know how that kinda injury’s gunna heal up, but it might be a nasty few days.”
“I don’t know, Sam,” Dean sighs, resigned, practically holding Castiel up. “We can go to Bobby’s and work it out from there.”
Cas is hovering, not touching. It’s somehow crueller, and better. It makes Dean ache, but not to get away. He wants to lean into Cas’ touch. That need, that desperation, it all makes sense when Dean starts to feel himself stiffening.
It seems that Dean’s plea wakes Castiel up, as he blinks and returns into action, shifting his weight off of Dean and standing straight of his own strength. Castiel presses his lips together and gives a firm nod. And with that, the two men and the angel flee out the back door.
“Why are you here? Did the grace not work?” Castiel asks. Anxiety threads itself through every syllable. He’s ecstatic to see Dean really, which is scary enough, but he can’t help running through all the possible reasons why Dean would return, and none of them are good. Maybe the grace didn’t work, maybe somehow it made things worse, maybe Dean’s come back for more knowing that Castiel is stupid and weak enough to give it to him. He would be right in that case, Castiel thinks he probably would be stupid and weak enough to give it to him.
“Hey no problem.” Jody starts picking things up too. “I put you two up in Alex’s room; it was the tidiest.”
With that said, Cas subtly replaced the item in his right hand. He’d dispose of it discreetly later… Meanwhile, he turned back and with a cheeky grin his unfurled something fabric-y with a red and white gingham pattern  - a cooking apron topped with a ruffled heart shape on its upper half.
As Dean’s vision settles, he finds himself in a room of pristine white brick, the floor a smooth marble tile. There’s a heavy white door with a small barred window on one wall, and a small, high, barred window on the opposite. It’s a cell. It’s shockingly clean and uncharacteristically fancy for a cell, but it’s a cell nonetheless.
“I would kiss you goodbye but I think I might fall over if I tried,” Dean says, face tensed in the concentration of staying upright.
Cas blinks and takes a breath, his facial expression shifting into something a little more human. “Yes, I’m Cas,” he answers, tinged with a confusion like he’d only just returned to Earth from whatever planet he was just on. He turns to Jo. “And you must be Jo.”
“Remember,” Cas says to his side, holding his smile in place as Sam gets out of his car and begins to approach. “If you can’t pull it together enough to convince Sam, you lose.”
Dean pauses. “You mean people? Humans?” he asks. Castiel nods in response. “So we’re just bystanders getting caught in the crossfire?”
“He texted me that they were twenty minutes away, uh…” Dean looked back at his phone, squinting a little due to his slight far-sightedness. “Eighteen minutes ago.”
Bobby clears his throat for the boys’ attention. “Alright then, you boys better haul ass. I can give you the address of the guy to talk to. Name’s Rufus. He’s a miserable bastard so God knows if he’ll help you but he’s the best connection I got.” Bobby pauses and darts his eyes between the three. “You decided about… y’know, splitting up?” Bobby says, lingering a stern look in Dean’s direction.
“Sam, stop it.” Dean swallows down a well of emotion. “You don’t have to thank me for shit, I’m your big brother that shit’s my job. And stop with the deathbed talk, man.”
The sound of spoons scraping against bowls is stopped. There are three pairs of eyes on him and Cas suddenly feels very small. There’s a flutter in his stomach and a pressure in his throat and he has to go. He pushes himself away from the table and looks about the table, scanning each of the faces turned towards him. “I’m done eating,” he states, standing from his seat and hurriedly leaving of the room.
“We can take no liberties when it comes to the demonic threat,” Azrael states, unfazed by Castiel’s proximity, nor the sharp static filling the air during the confrontation.
“I can’t believe you quit hunting, man,” he says. “I couldn’t- I’m not-” He’s not a hypocrite,  and he’s not Sam.
Dean throws on a shirt and makes a beeline for the coffee and food, which he deems is sufficiently stodgy and greasy.
“Thank you for coming by, dear,” Missouri says from the ground. Dean’s not far off atop the roof of the low-ceilinged single-storey house. “We’re due for a particularly nasty autumn, and I don’t think this old house could survive it if it weren’t for all the work you’ve done. And your brother of course.”
The older Dean perks to attention, then clocks his younger self eyeing the band around his left-hand ring finger. “Uh, yeah,” the older Dean replies, swallowing. “
Cas opens his mouth briefly, but shuts it again, pressing his lips together, bringing his brows together tight. “More or less, yes.”
, Dean thinks. Perhaps Castiel, too, has something in common with the handsome rogue from the novel.
“The beef juices make it even better.” Dean pauses before his next bite, a devilish grin spreading across his face. “Cas, you’re missing out too, here.” He dips a finger into his burger to get a drop of relish, then holds it in front of Cas, waiting for him to make his move. “Try it,” Dean goads.
Cas releases Efram from his grasp and stands upright. “Thank you, Efram,” he says, sincere. Efram is doubled over on the floor, panting and clutching at his wounds. He’s not used to this, Cas assumes. He doubts whether Efram has seen much combat in his millennia-long life.
He pulls out that stupid jacket, his eyes hesitant to follow up the sleeve to the shoulder. He sees it. The blood marking him deserving, worthy of being saved. It’s just a taunt. It’s a reminder that loving Dean Winchester ends in blood. Fuck. It has to go.
“I was just thinking— I know it’s a long shot, but what about the Men of Letters?” Sam says, tentative. There’s a stilted silence around the table.
“I should think so,” Missouri says, sharp. “That’s the only way something like this could have happened. It’s nothing short of a miracle.”
“Well do they know? Or more specifically, does Dean know?” Meg asked, her voice softer and more reminiscent of her role as nurse Masters than the demon Meg.
“Dean,” he said, his morning voice somehow even more gravelly than his regular voice. “Are you awake?”
Dean sits up, looking up at Cas from the floor with a screwed up face. “Uh, you don’t gotta apologise Cas. It’s not like
There’s a small cave, little more than a dip in a rocky wall, but it’s shelter from the spitting rain and the sharp winds. Finding firewood dry enough to catch is a challenge, but ultimately they manage to gather enough for a small fire.
Older Dean beams with pride and slaps Sam on the back. “That’s my weird witchy nerd of a little brother.”
“No it’s not!” Castiel frets he may have desensitised Dean to the true danger that angels pose to insubordinate humans. “If any angel sees you they will not hesitate to kill you. I’m not alone here anymore, Dean. An angel is coming by every few days now to get my report. If there are angels in Lawrence then it’s only a matter of time before they start patrolling the woods, too.”
“I would have got back into hunting whether you came to get me or not,” Sam says, firm and emphatic. “And Dean, I could never hate you. We’ve both been through a lot of crap, been to hell and back - literally. But Dean, where all of that’s lead us is here. We’re both happy, we won. Against all of it, in the end we won. I wouldn’t trade it.”
“Wow, that’s… a heavy way to put it,” Dean says, eyes wide. “But hell yeah, living every day like it’s your last; that’s the human way baby.”
“Of course not. If I have an issue, I’ll raise it— you know I don’t take shit lying down. But I’m not gunna start getting pissy because I don’t get to know every confidential detail.” Jo bites her lip. “Or because my cool superior isn’t giving me enough attention,” she adds pointedly.
he does,” Dean whips out in a derisive tone. Jo rolls her eyes and Dean adds before she can cut in, “I’m not saying he’s not a good soldier, I’m just saying it kinda seems like shit’s been blown way out of proportion.”
The party gazes around the back entranceway as they enter. Cas follows them inside, closing the door behind them. There’s dirt and debris all over the floor and the air is heavy with damp, but the house is still standing.
When Castiel is dragged from his cell, it’s to a room he has never before seen. It’s grand, vast. High ceilings are propped up by smooth white pillars, topped with ornate Corinthian crowns, the walls adorned with panels of Jerusalem gold marble.
“I’m glad you guys had fun,” Victor comments wryly, with a raised eyebrow. “You wanna do some actual work now, or…?”
Bobby walks in and immediately shoves a knife down into the wood with force, startling all. “One o’ you boys wanna tell me why the
Dean scoffs. Trust the pastor to know everybody’s business. “Nowhere,” Dean lies. Jim’s face remains skeptical. “Okay, jeez. I got a girl. Outta town.”
The two of them get lost in it, hungry and hazy and a blissful eternity passes in just a few minutes. When Dean eventually pulls back for breath, Castiel is sore for the loss of Dean’s lips. Even under the moon’s paltry glow, Castiel can see how Dean’s lips have reddened. They’ve also somehow ended up semi-horizontal in a pretty awkward position no matter how you look at it.
Bobby’s not at all impressed. “Oh boo hoo,” Bobby snips. “You’re not an angel anymore, I get that it sucks—”
“Of course it does,” Jo says, snatching the blade back. “That doesn’t mean I have to be a dick about it. I just have to trust that if Cas and Victor aren’t telling us something, it’s probably for a good reason.”
Cas swallows and wipes his eyes. He runs his hand over the cover. “I’ve read this one before,” he says, voice soft and low. “A long time ago. It will be nice to read it again. Thank you, Dean.”
Each throw requires a long and calming breath prior, and a strong release after— it’s perfectly therapeutic. Before he knows it, he grows messier and more agitated. His throws are still precise but they’re not clean, not calm.
Castiel frowns, shrinking inward. Angels rarely have to plan for their own future beyond surviving long enough to receive the next set of orders; it’s not a skillset Castiel has ever had the need to develop. Not to mention that he now has to navigate a future that takes a shape he had never possibly imagined.
Dean shifts over to stand above his brother. The grace swirls in the vial in silky streams of glowing white vapour. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a moment of silent prayer to anyone who’d listen, to Castiel.
“So you didn’t speak to him?” a third woman, Sara, with hair in a neat puff and arms wrapped tight in a thick cardigan, asked, straw perched just below her lip poised to take another sip.
“The other night,” Dean starts, his breathing slowed. “You were about to tell me how far you were willing to go.”
“On what authority do you know this to be true?” Castiel challenges, stepping forward, imposing into Azrael’s space. “The word of a few bitter, paranoid townsfolk? Is that all? Do we truly value a human life so little, brother?”
The sound of the heavy bunker door clunking open reverberates off the walls and Dean sucks in a breath to compose himself. Older Dean, Cas and Eileen all trudge down the steps and dump several paper bags on the table.
“Guys, seriously?” Sam’s voice carries from where he’s just turned the corner of the building. “I’m starving and you guys are smooching out back?”
Dean picks up the blade and twirls it confidently to present the hilt to Castiel. “Not fair, you were distracting me.”
“Why are you standing so far away?” Dean remarks as he attempts to fluff a crappy old cushion. Castiel shuffles into the room, resting a hand on the back of the armchair adjacent to the couch.
Bobby’s house leads back into a thick brush which provides ample cover from prying eyes, if not a particularly straightforward route. Travelling off the beaten track has more disadvantages than anything, and there’s a reason it’s usually taken up only by the truly desperate. The forests are wild and untempered, messes of nettles and thorns reaching out across the ground in a treacherous web.
Just as Dean sits himself opposite, Sam strides in, a little sweaty from his morning run. He makes a beeline for the sink and begins to fill up his waterbottle, tossing his head round to Dean and Cas as he waits for it to fill. “Oh, Cas, new threads?
“Oh, hey, Cas,” Dean interjects. “I brought you something else.” He reaches into the bottom of the bag and draws out another book. It’s another one of his favourites; a seamstress poses as a member of a foreign royal family and tries to scam her way into the monarchy. It’s filled with hilarity and tension and romance (not that Dean’s interested at all in the romance, of course).
Cas’ hand slips off as he exits, leaving Dean’s shoulder feeling cold without his warm touch. He sits there at the table, clutching the now empty mug, not moving an inch. His face feels hot, his eyes are heavy with sleep, and wet with tears forming there. A couple of them go rogue and slide down his cheeks. Dean heavy-handedly wipes them away with his sleeve, desperate to wipe away the evidence even with nobody here to bear witness.
Cas doesn’t need to say much more than that. Dean’s heart sank a little. There was a lot he had to work through, or rather, push past, in order to get to the point he was at. And he’d done a pretty piss-poor rush job of it all. But he did it anyway, because after everything Cas had done for him, it was the least he could do.
“I, uh, sorry,” he says, expecting to hate himself for saying it. He doesn’t. “I’m spoken for.” He gestures with his head to Cas. At the same time the bartender places the two fruity cocktails right in front of him.
“His name was Efram,” Cas adds, solemn. It’s not quite regret that Dean sees in Cas’ eyes, darkened now in his current state. He wouldn’t even be sure enough to call it guilt, but there’s a pain there that he recognises. Dean’s seen it before, in the eyes of his allies, and in his own eyes too. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d call it grief.
“Jabba the Hutt,” Dean said, annoyed. The universe wasn’t going to cut him slack, of course not. That would make it all way too easy, wouldn’t it?
When Sam’s face remains contorted in confusion, Cas adds, “We’re trying to decide wedding parties. Seeing as we share the same family, the process has been quite…”
Cas throws a handful of salt at the ghost and watches her disappear snarling. “Keep digging,” Cas’s voice comes broken, as he rubs a hand over his bruised neck. “And maybe, I don’t know, try not to "multi task",” Cas adds as he notices Principal Margorie appear a couple of steps ahead of him.
So, Dean continues, “Honestly, I don’t think I have a solution. If I did, I would have used it myself. I still have nightmares about hell and the Mark, and Purgatory, and watching Sam die, about Chuck and… losing you.” Cas squeezed his hand once, an affirmation that he is going nowhere, not again. Dean soaks it up, imbued with resolution adds, “So I’ll give you this instead; I’ll be here. I might not be the best at words. I mean I’m fifty shades of emotionally constipated but I’ll always listen.
“My dreams… I… I’m not quite sure how to explain this but the best I can do is to say that they remind me of being in The Empty. Dreams are such a fickle thing, they melt into each other, falling from one to another. I feel quite lost. The sensation is so new and the idea of visualizing scenarios and worlds I haven’t seen or lived somehow connects back to being in the slumber The Shadow put me under… It might begin as something beautiful and comforting, but more often than not it spirals into malicious and cruel,” Cas is looking in front now. Watching the rising sun illuminate the abandoned backroads that they both drive around so often, aimlessly. The aimlessness of it feels far more comforting than any aim would.
“Shouldn’t it?” Castiel asked, finally looking over at Dean, “You’ve chosen this life over all your other desires. You have sacrificed the things you would have wanted for yourself to devote yourself to saving others. As a matter of fact, just like Plant, you too have chosen your profession as a hunter over your greatest love.”
“’Course, you can. You’re gonna get the GED, and then ace the SATs and make college your bitch, Buller. Finally live up to the damn name at least,” Claire replies. There’s such genuine faith and pride in the statement, that Sam thinks he might begin to weep.
Dean had to smile. He pulled Cas by the collar of his, no wait, Dean’s shirt, and kissed him fiercely.
TRIGGER WARNING: USE OF HOMOPHOBIC LANGUAGE, USE OF SLURS, INTERNALIZED HOMOPHOBIA, AND MENTIONS OF TRAUMA.
Cas shifts closer towards Dean and slowly begins stroking his hair. Cas runs his callused palms made rough through years, millennia of fighting battles he rather hadn’t, across Dean’s scalp and Dean feels like, again, for what must be the hundredth time, he understands the sentiment ‘
Castiel followed him out, stood across from the hunter. They were both drenched within the minute. Castiel could tell Dean wanted to say something so he waited, patiently. He had watched the Earth take shape from gasses; he could wait for Dean to form his thoughts.
Sam has always worshipped the ground that his brother had walked on. He looked up to Dean since he was four years old, and could barely tell up from down. What he knew then (as he does now) was that his elder brother was the absolute coolest and no one could compare. That was until he met Castiel. Now, Sam wouldn’t say Cas is cooler than Dean but he did give Dean a run for his money in Sam’s eyes. Cas was his nerdy, sassy, very painfully human best friend and the only person who could ever be worthy of his infallible elder brother. Essentially, to make a long story short; Sam didn’t want to have to choose between these two idiots who had made him suffer through so many years of palpable sexual tension and third-wheeling.
“Yes,” Eileen replied without hesitance. Again, honesty is important but man, Sam’s cheek is going to be sore for a while if she keeps going. “But isn’t all family shitty that way?” she continued with a smile. “You’ll move heaven and hell to bring him back, because you miss him, because he’s your best friend who believes in you and because he makes your brother happy. If that’s not what family does, then I don’t know what it means to be family at all.”
“I didn’t completely hate having you as a voice in my head either,” Jack admits with a smile. “Thank you for helping me build the new angels, I don’t think I would’ve been able to do it without you.”
Dean had come too far to face accept defeat now. Cas was in his arms, right there, and he was never letting him go. “I will keep coming back, and waking you up, making as much noise as possible, again and again, and again… till the day I die. I’m not leaving him here. Fuck that! I’m not leaving him, period.”
I was angry and scared. I wanted Chuck gone, I wanted freedom and I thought that was the only way to get it. I’ve got shit coping mechanisms, man. That’s on me, alright? I’ve been on the receiving end of that shit so I don’t know how I could be enough of an ass to put you through that too, but that ends now. I will make it up to you, okay? I swear, I’ll do anything.”
“Hey, you guys helped me out when no one else was going to. Everyone saw me as a weapon to be used or destroyed but you both saw a lost kid. I owe you one, and if that means I get to play Luke Skywalker for a bit, I don’t mind.”
And the funny thing is Dean realizes, this brimming feeling inside him that kept nagging him on and on, that he was going to lose it all, that he didn’t deserve this good an ending was so fucking constant that it had become an innate part of him. So much so that now he could– after months and months of holding onto Cas a bit too tight during the night– just simply shelve it. He’s not sure he’d go as far as to say he could ignore it, no. But he could shelve it high enough that it wouldn’t impact the pure bliss of the aforementioned ‘good times’. Because at the end of the day, isn’t that the whole point of the good times? To be lived through with such vigor that the rest of your life becomes… ‘other times’ or ‘bad times’ or something in the middle.
When he was met with serious faces and utter silence, “Well, fuck. Apparently, all the Damien Thorns of the world are fucking saints. Who would’ve thought?”
“No. No. That’s fair… It’s just…” Dean sighed, pulling Castiel close again, noses touching, “Like I said, just don’t leave me again, please.”
“You probably would’ve figured it out eventually. But, you’re welcome," She pauses, "And I don’t mind taking care of the monsters,” She replies, pulling out a chair and sitting down.
“I don’t understand why there are so many different variations of the same shade of green,” Cas replies monotonously. Ironically, however, it was the monotony that worried Sam.
But as much as he tries, he can’t. So, somewhat scared and hesitant, he looks down at his phone again and dials the number.
“As if! You were around when there were no mobile phones… You’re old, just accept it,” she says pointing at Sam. She then points at Cas, “And you! You were around when this planet was a ball of gas! How the fuck are you pretending to be young, Aziraphale?”
“I think… I think I’ve always been in love with Cas,” Dean said, there was a small challenge in his words, as if he was waiting, expecting for Sam to chastise him for it.
Cas throws a rock and Dean throws a scissor. Sam almost snickers, because obviously, Dean threw scissors. But he is afraid to interrupt whatever is going on in front of him at least until he has some idea as to why this game of Ro-Sham-Bo seems like a life-or-death scenario.
“No, of course, you are Sam!” Castiel replied hastily, fighting Civil Wars was easier than this conversation. “I just-“
It has been an absolute pleasure writing these boys. I loved them with all my heart and for me, they will live on here, on this site, in some perfect fanfic. I wrote this mostly because I couldn't bear with how the show ended, especially when these boys were my family for 15 goddamn years. I hope I've done a better job. I hope you like this better than that shit show of a finale, and if you did, I hope it made you feel at least a little less pissed. Thanks for taking the time to read my drabble. And thank you so much for being part of this fandom with me.
When the Nephilim came into existence, the world had fallen into chaos. Heaven was afraid of what destruction will be wrought upon the world by the Son of Lucifer while Hell waited impatiently for him to wreak havoc. However, the woman carrying the child knew beyond the shadow of a doubt that her son would be nothing but salvation for mankind. She could not have been righter if she tried.
“Why now?” Castiel defends. He fought for this, bled for this, died for this. He never wanted to give voice to any of this, he didn’t. He never thought they would be welcome, but now that he knows that they are, why, could someone who is good at being a human please let him know, he couldn’t say ‘shit like that’?
“We want that as well… just with some adjustments, if you don't mind,” Jack says, as politely as one can to someone who’s currently choking your father.
“He doesn’t have a sugar addiction, Dean.” Cas defended, signing at the same time. Sam wondered if he should ask Cas to teach him ASL.
“She means, did you use your big boy God powers to snoop on your dad, genius?” Claire said flicking Jack on the forehead.
“Shut it! Both of you, monsters.” Donna cut them both off, her voice was firm yet kind. Castiel admired her ability to remain warm even when scolding two children who for all intents and purposes, in the eyes of the world, should not have been bickering like children, to begin with. “I need to know who popped the damn question.”
They stay in bed till late hours of the afternoon, only getting out to make lunch once their stomachs rumble.
my ass!” She mimics Jack far too accurately for it to be anything but hilarious, she knows that. Now that she’s gotten a smile out of the ex-angel, she doesn’t want to lose it.
But as he watches Cas’s face contort from concern to sorrow, he realizes, he might have actually said that out loud.
Sam and Dean felt, well it couldn’t be shock but something resembling bewilderment along with awe. Jack was still, in their eyes, the kid that ate too many nougats.
“Does that mean the milkshakes and burgers are on you, from now on?” Claire asks with a smile. And she can feel the happiness radiate off of the passenger seat the moment the words leave her lips.
A moment passed and Dean’s brain finally turned back on, “What good will that do? Jack can’t kill it, and that thing hates Cas with every black goo drop of it’s being, so what are we gonna do? Make
"You can let go now, okay? We’re done. It’s over. You can take a knee and go out and be a kid. You’re allowed that, Jack. Fuck, you’re owed that. You’ve done enough. You’ve done good. You can rest now, kid. I’m proud of you, alright? No matter what you do next; college, TP the shit outta Sam's ableist neighbour's house, backpack across Europe, whatever, I know I’ll
Dean mirrors the motions and sits opposite Sam. He removes the ice pack, checks to make sure the bleeding has stopped. Once his nose is as fixed up as it's going to get, he breathes heavily. He’s stalling, he knows. But he’s ashamed; so fucking ashamed and so fucking scared. This is Sammy; Sammy who's always looked up to Dean. Even though Dean was a shitty, broken man, Sam admired him all the same. Will he admire him still?
Jack shies away, scratching his neck, as Cas moves forward to shield him. Sam is kind of astonished at how the kid manages to radiate godhood at one moment and then go back to being a regular old teenager the next.
“Everyone knew! Everyone knows! Jack, Eileen, Claire, Jody, Donna, Mom, Bobby, Rowena, Heaven, Hell… you name it; they knew,” Sam was infuriated, “I think the only people in this world who didn’t know were the two of you.”
“You don’t get to use that! Absolutely not, no. That was traumatic as fuck, okay?” Dean looks back at the road, arms flailing.
“They are mostly peaceful, as long as you don't attack them first. Nowhere near as pretty as Ariel though,” Eileen said, as she sat down at the head of the table. Both men stared at her, dumbfounded. “What? Are you two the only ones allowed to have cool adventures?”
“It’s not trouble, asshole! I was just scared okay? We’ve been looking for you for weeks. Weeks! And you just went off the grid and at first, I thought you’d call, you know? You usually call all the time. But you didn’t and I get it, you needed space. But… I just… I was scared, okay? I was scared you weren’t okay… Are you? Are you okay, Aziraphale?” Claire asks cautiously. She knows she sounds like a child who can’t find her parent anywhere in aisle seven of the damn grocery store. But that’s exactly how she feels and right now she doesn’t have the courage to put up the façade to pretend otherwise.
to be temporary. Because the only thing that solidifies something as a good (or bad) time is the ending of it. So, when Dean realizes, he’s having a good time, there is a part of him; the part that has been trained since he was four years old and watched his house burn down– engulfed in flames taking his mother and father (even if only in essence) all at once– that something might just go horribly wrong.
Sam seemed to realize how rude his words sounded. He put his hands up in defense, “No! No, buddy. I just mean, I thought he would take me too, you know? I kinda would’ve liked to be involved in my brother buying a wedding ring,” he said turning towards Dean with a decisively lethal bitchface that would’ve made Castiel shudder if it were pointed towards him.
Sam was too brash, too haughty, and independent to follow his father’s order blindly. He was not going to be a weapon for someone to use. John believed that was because Sam was too much like his old man. He couldn’t have been more wrong. Sam was capable of want, of desire, simply because he wasn’t raised by John at all. He was raised by Dean instead. With love, care, and compassion, and a horrible sense of humor. So, Sam, unlike his brother, could separate himself from his father’s sculpting hand. Dean, however, wasn’t so lucky.
The Empty smiled at him, a patronizing, gut-wrenching thing. It’s hatred for the pair clearly visible on its face.
“What? You’re giving up?” Sam asked without looking up from his book, challenging. At Dean’s lack of response, he finally looked at his brother. “Dean?”
“You said that the last time, and the time before that, and the time before that. So, on and so forth,” Cas said evenly, “But I like seeing you all the same.”
Dean had lost a lot in his life; his mother, his father, Sam (multiple times), Bobby, Jack (twice), Charlie, Jo, Ellen, and on and on. But every time he lost Cas, he felt as though he became hollow. The pain felt unbearable, every breath was harder to breathe than the last. His world collapsed around him and he could hear himself being ripped apart from the inside out. He never stopped to think about what it meant, he told himself that he wasn’t allowed. That didn't mean he didn't know. The time was never right. And when it was, he'd lost Cas all over again.
“No. No. Everything is fine. They’re just… very… drunk and… wild,” Jack says and Dean’s not sure what he can hear in Jack’s voice but it’s not making Dean feel very giddy right about now. “I’m kind of scared, Dean.”
Dean stepped closer, put a tentative hand on Castiel’s face, guiding him gently to look up. Their eyes locked. Castiel finally noticed the tears rolling down his cheek. But Dean was smiling. “Don’t ever play poker, Cas,”
So, he exhales, gathers his guts up, and adds, “I’d give you the stars if you asked, sunshine. But you gotta ask.”
“Nothing, we’re just… reminiscing, I guess,” Cas replies, finally catching his breath. A small smile still graces his lips as he looks over at Sam. “I’m sorry if we woke you,” He adds sheepishly.
When Sam was a wee little baby boy, 6 months old, all chubby cheeks and drool, he was infected with Demon blood, and the Demon who did it, burnt his house down to the ground but his elder brother had saved him, carrying him out and promising to keep him safe. His mother, however, hadn’t made it out. And, in a way, neither had his father.
Sam has witnessed several confounding events occur in the bunker. He has watched Michael wreak havoc and he has witnessed his father manifest back from the dead. He has even observed and somewhat participated in a family therapy session between Lucifer and God, himself. But what he sees right now as he walks into the library in the middle of the day, leaves him beyond dumbfounded.
He gets another sigh. “The first time I had a… meltdown, I would say? Dean suggested I talked to you. He said that you understood emotions better than he did because you, unlike him, didn’t bury them deep down. Dean’s been trying to be better at expressing himself; for me, for himself, just like I am. But he didn’t want me to learn from him because he knows he needs to learn himself.” Cas says softly. “And you make me feel comfortable… and you’re my best friend,” Cas adds after a pause, “That’s why I come to you for help.”
When Dean enters his room, after having checked on everyone, one last time, he's greeted with a somewhat intoxicated barely clothes Adonis, half asleep on his bed.
“Dean called me right after he called Jodie…” Claire replies. She still isn’t clear on what happened and worries that mentioning Dean might upset Cas again but she doesn’t see any other option. “We tried calling Jack too. But he said if you needed time, then you needed time. He said he wouldn’t interfere. Goody two-shoes,” She mutters with annoyance.
Their eyes finally lock and then, “I want this to be a new start for us. I want this marriage to be normal and legal and as true as possible. Everything we have ever done has been done in the shadows, hidden from the world. I don’t want this to be the same way. I want to have a relatively big celebration with all our friends and family. And I want everyone to know I am marrying the most kind, compassionate and beautiful man there has ever been. I want to show you off, anywhere and everywhere.” Cas’s voice is so soft Jack is sure Sam can’t hear any of it. The only reason he can, is because he's all-knowing. Yes, so, maybe he does sometimes use his powers to spy on people, sue him. Claire’s an idiot who’s just jealous that she can’t do it too.
“You know, when I went to tell Sam about… about how I was hopelessly in love with you,” Dean pauses, lets out a soft chuckle. “You know what he said to me?” He asks.
For a while, the only sound was that of the pattering of the rain against the roof of the Impala. And then suddenly, Dean was out of the car, pacing.
They’d just wrapped a case in Sioux Falls, helping Jody out. They were getting out of the car, making their way into Jody’s place. Cas was already inside, having made his way there after assisting Claire and Kaia on a hunt a couple states over. Eileen was going to join them in an hour, having wrapped a hunt of her own. Donna, Alex, and Patience were inside as well, waiting with most probably a very hearty dinner.
Dean walks back into the small movie hall and stands right in the middle, in front of the screen. He’s faced with loud boos and a half-empty bucket of popcorn.
He is only met with utter silence from the rest of the room. Sam and Eileen sitting comfortably on the stairs to their house’s backyard have paused with their beers halfway close to their faces. Meanwhile Cas, who is standing next to him, basking in the glow of the soft golden light of the back porch, looking devastatingly handsome, is just smiling softly like a smug bastard.
Claire begins gasping for air; she can’t breathe. She can see the crowbar on the ground in front of her but can’t even begin to think about reaching it. Her eyes are watering and her vision blurring. She clawing at her neck to no avail but even after all this, no part of her is afraid that these will be her last moments. No part of her is afraid that this is how she will die. Because there is no part of her that believes that, that can happen as long as Cas is around. And before she can do anything with this second (absolutely not new) revelation (like avoiding it), as if on cue, the ghost steps back and begins screaming as she burns wildly out of existence.
“Yeah, yeah. It sucks. I know. You hate it, get in line. It’s my fucking bachelor party, trust me, I hate it way more than you do,” Dean says as he begins to gather the discarded bottle of beer and stashing them back in the cooler.
Now, I can apologize for the late update and say it won't happen again but that'll just be disingenuous. I have been swamped at work but I am really happy about that. I'm getting to learn a lot and getting to express myself creatively. So I've been very excited about that. But I am sorry for not updating. Apart from work, I couldn't really find the words to express what I wanted to say for a long time but I think this is pretty good. So let me know what you guys think? I love reading the comments.
“Yes, but why would that make you think I was leaving right that second?” Castiel asked, brows furrowed.
to fit it. He felt wrong to even himself. When he found out about the Demon blood in him, there was a moment (however brief) of pure relief at having been right all along.
“I'm not saying you can’t get married, Cas. I'm saying that none of it is going to be even remotely legal,” Sam sighs, and though Jack has just entered, seen just a few futile seconds of the conversation; he can feel the frustration in the air. He can almost taste it on the tip of his tongue.
“No… No. You’re pretty on point,” Dean’s grip on the staring wheel tightened, “But why does that remind you of yours truly?”
“I had something to talk about. Thought I'd swing by. But then I walked in on this,” Sam says walking in and standing in front of the two men. “Why’d you call me?”
Dean walked into the kitchen, finishing off the last sip of his beer. He saw Eileen sitting on the table, laptop open in front of her. He waited in the doorway for her to notice him, to make sure he didn’t startle her. When she did, she passed him a kind smile. He made his way over to the fridge, discarding the bottle in his hand, and picking up two more.
He knows that he is too young, but he knows that the world is big and scary, and his mom told him that Castiel will take care of him and raise him. Castiel will give him a family and watch over him, his mom had promised and she was right. He’s young with the weight of the world on his shoulders but he isn’t even remotely afraid because he has his family with him, every step of the way, no matter what comes next.
“Oh, shut up! You totally agree with me; you were an asshole,” Sam replies with a chuckle. “I mean I love you man; I do. I’d die for you, no questions asked. But back then, I would’ve spit in your coffee. Like, in front of you.”
too. So maybe, Dean doesn’t get to have the best fucking judgment. So maybe, what the fuck does a small part of Dean know? That small part of Dean sounds like a fucking freak.
“Is it because Claire is your favorite?” Jack asked pointing at Claire, looking like a mixture of hurt and anger, “Cause she keeps saying she’s your favorite. Is it true then? Because that’s not fair. I’m way nicer than her.”
“What do you mean?” Dean replied. “Of course he’s gonna come to the bunker. He’s the man with the plan. He’s top dog. He can do whatever he wants now. Come on!” He started walking back to the Impala.
“No! No. That’s not it,” He answers impatiently, “I just…” Jack exhales, “I don’t know, I… I wanted to be a little sure about it, I guess? You guys are special… I just—just wanted to be sure. That’s all.”
He opened the can, took a sip, and set it on the kitchen island. He sighed, “It’s just standard nightmares, you know? But now, it’s scarier to open my eyes. I worry that maybe if I do, she won’t be there… like all of this is just Chuck’s last big play, you know? Like-“
Dean laughs but then suddenly his smile falls, “Do you—I mean… D—Do you—uh—well… Do you still want t—to get—”
And then Amara laughs, “There’s always that.” She turns back, climbing, “I’ll see you around, Nephew.” She opens the door, “And
Sam breaks the silence, “You know how to make fake legal identities with social security numbers and all? Something that even
“You remember how Dad kinda upped his douchebag game after that Shtriga thing happened, and you almost got hurt?”
“Back then?” Cas asks sarcastically, “Yeah sure. But now? No! We’ve seen and done far worse. In retrospect, I think that was quite tame.” Cas laughs.
“I don’t think I understand dreams. I had them the first time I became human, but only briefly. I never had the comfort I do now, so I didn’t often get the chance to sleep peacefully enough to have dreams,” Cas’s words are meant to be an explanation, and they hold no resentment whatsoever, but Dean’s guilt makes itself known regardless, and that too with the loudest, most gut-wrenching thud possible.
The next morning, when Dean walked back into the Library, hungover and ten kinds of sore, he was greeted with both his brother and his girlfriend’s bright smiles and enthusiastic hand gestures that Dean was sure, Sam couldn’t completely understand.
He can’t take a vessel, because there’s only five people on the Earth at this moment, but Castiel doesn’t need it. Dean recognizes him in ways he can’t understand himself.
“Dean,” Sam says, relieved. His shoulders sag. He looks just as small as the gangly high school graduate from the picture in Dean’s wallet, and Dean’s about three seconds from falling entirely apart at the thought of it. “You came.”
Dean nods, still quiet. Cas feels the deep breath he takes, rather than hearing it. Dean mumbles, “I’m sensing a but here.”
Cas finishes his lunch. They move from the kitchen to the living room, and Dean turns on some shitty daytime soap and sketches out house plans while Cas folds laundry. God, if anyone from before could see him now. What a picture this would make.
“You align yourself with the humans,” the angel spits out. He is a mirror image of Cas’s own vessel and yet there is a stark, obvious difference between them. Cas presses the tip of his angel blade firmer against his alternate’s throat.
Dean makes sure Cas is looking at him, like actually looking at him and not just staring through him, before he states, “Yeah, I would. If you wanted.”
It isn’t until they pass a sign that tells them a left turn at the next stoplight will take them straight into the heart of Pontiac that Dean realizes where he’s been taking them all this time.
Dean shakes his head. Still, he reaches up and covers Cas’s hand with his own, twining their fingers together. “The whole thing just scares me. I don’t know how to protect you guys. What if something happens to Sam, or to Claire, or to you?”
Cas smiles gently. “You don’t have to justify your desire to stay, Sam. This house is yours as well.”
She hands him the keys with a sigh. “Nice of you to take this off my hands,” she muses. “This place has been up for sale for nearly a decade now.”
“No, but that’s what I’m saying,” Claire whispers urgently, and she starts to cry again. “I get so mad at you sometimes, but it isn’t your
There’s a fat orange cat sitting on a lawn chair on the porch, and she lazily raises her head when the floorboards creak under Dean’s feet. They blink at one another, before the thing starts to purr so loudly Dean can hear it even on the other end of the porch. Faintly, Dean wonders if Cas fed the stray cat this morning.
“I know,” Sam murmurs. He looks down at his hands. “Christ, I know, Cas, I won’t. I won’t waste my whole life looking, alright? I promise.”
Cas’s expression shudders suddenly, his mouth twisting into a sour frown. He seems smaller than he is when he murmurs, “If I were… If I had still been an angel. I could have heard them. You could have known sooner.”
“Course,” Dean tells her. He catches Cas’s eye, from where he’s still leaning in the doorway and watching them quietly. Dean holds on to that, making a vow to them both. “Gotta come back in one piece so I’ll be able to fix the kitchen if your dad burns it down while I’m gone.”
But then Chuck’s gaze drops to the handprint on Dean’s jacket and Dean’s heart drops into his stomach again. Chuck’s smile turns lecherous. “You know, I was just about to ask what happened to your guard dog. Let the mutt out of the cage, did we?”
He fixes himself lunch, and eats it sullenly at the table. Wonders what the hell there is to do around Bennett, Colorado, that won’t make him look like a loser or a drunk. After way too long of debating with himself and feeling embarrassed at his lack of friggin’ hobbies, Dean cleans up after himself then heads to his front lawn to do something there.
“Be safe,” Cas says finally, and he tilts his head up in Dean’s grip and looks Dean in the eye. There’s something almost desperate about it. “Promise me you’ll be safe. And that you’ll—”
Castiel is quiet at that. It’s strange, how the angel can feel so familiar and so foreign to Dean all at the same time. After a moment, Castiel’s curiosity gets the better of him, and he asks,
it was the right thing to say. Claire keeps crying for a moment longer, though the tension has bled out of her shoulders, and Cas just holds her for as long as she’ll let him.
Sam’s blood drips from the teeth of the First Blade clutched in Dean’s fist. If Dean’s being honest, it ain’t Eve he’s wondering about. He gets it now. Understands why she did it. He’s no damn better.
It could end there. It should, most likely. Dean drops his arm and Cas picks up the plates off the table and cleans up lunch. Dean puts Claire’s homework back in her backpack. He’s debating whether or not he should take it up to her when Cas finally says, “That’s not true, you know.”
It starts with a knock on the bedroom door, and Sam tentatively peeking his head inside. Dean’s already up, in the shower by the sounds of it, so Cas sits up blearily and asks, “Sam? Is everything alright?”
“Yeah, that’s,” Dean says, and he stops when a huff of laughter bursts out of him. He shakes his head. “Sorry, dude. That’s just how it feels to be human, I think.”
There’s no masking the sound of the Impala’s engine turning over as it starts. Dean glances at Lisa’s bedroom window, thinking he sees a twitch in the curtains, but he drives away before he can be sure.
You meet three gods on a mountain top. One always tells the truth, one always lies, and one tells the truth or lies as he pleases. They understand English but answer in their own language, with sam or dean for yes and no—but you don’t know which is which. You’re allotted three questions that can be asked to one god at a time, and you can ask the same god more than one question. They can only answer with sam or dean. What three questions do you ask to figure out who’s who?
“You said,” Jack interrupts. His voice is sharp in the way that only children’s voices get when they’re frightened. He swallows thickly. “You said that Castiel summoned the Empty. The only way he could do that is when… Did he—was he happy?”
How much of his worship counts as faith? How many times can he claim the times he’s fallen to his knees in a fight has been his way of praying? No, he’s long-since stopped believing in the being who created him, but there’s something else in its place.
