Castiel took the ornament in his hand and looked at it. He frowned. “This trinket is a pale comparison to my true form.”
“I know but,” He sighed. “We’ve been doing back to back hunts and I’m tired. There’s so much going on,” He rubbed his eyes. “We got mom, and Lucifer’s baby, the British Men of Letters.” He downed his beer then waved for another. “I just want a break.” He glanced over at Castiel. “And… I missed spending time with you.”
His eyes grew wide and he looked at Dean. Dean could see a faint blush on his tan cheeks. “I uh, think I might like that.” He twisted the washcloth in his hands. “It would be… nice.”
was running at a smooth pace. He walked into the kitchen and rolled up his sleeves. When business was hoping he would come out and help out his crew rather than watch like most restaurant owners do. He learned that from his dad when the business got busy the boss rolled up his own sleeves and helped his crew.
He laughed. “I was just curious, Cassie,” He smiled at Crowley who looked less than impressed. “I won’t go into details.” He smirked. “Unless you want me to?”
Meg walked over to the couch. She laid her hand on his back. “Cas, it’s okay. I’m not mad at you. I… I’m so damn happy to see you.” She rubbed his back. She sniffed most likely holding back tears of her own.
“Alright. I’ll go meditate, paint and whatever bull shit you think will clear my mind.” He pulled his bag upon his shoulder. “Come on, girl.” He said to Miracle. The dog barked as she followed him up the stairs and out of the Bunker.
The rest of the drive they were quiet. The sheriff’s home was off the beaten path. Castiel hid the car in a clearing so no one could see it from the house. They loaded up on weapons.
“Nah,” Jody said with a laugh. She sat down the box of flowers. “Okay, we need to set these in vases and put them on the tables.”
“My uncle is dating one of my teachers. This is pretty awful in my book.” She huffed. She pulled her bag on her shoulder and looked at the clock. She frowned. “Guess I am going to have to sign up for home economics”
“A drunk dare. One of my roommates dared me when we were at a party so I got out my paints and my member and did a portrait of him. He laughed his ass off and kept it as a lark. When I realized I could I thought why not get paid for it.”
He let his body move on its own. He reached up and cupped Dean’s face and leaned in. He placed his lips on his. The garage was filled with the sounds of the music and them kissing. An occasional moan would escape one or the other’s lips along with a mumble of one of their names. They pulled each other close wet chest to wet chest. The kiss deepened even further until Dean pulled away.
Cas pulled out a small box that looked like a jewelry box. “This is what I was looking for.” He smiled as he held it up like he found gold.
“Did he… Cas, did he hit you?” He asked. His heart was heavy he could not imagine someone hurting Castiel. He was so sweet and kind.
Sam sent a text to Claire telling her about Dean. He wasn’t ready to tackle any real issues, he could barely eat.
Given how he been acting they probably thought he was running away from them. He didn’t have the time to process that thought as he staggered into the bathroom and as his stomach contents spilled into the toilet. He hugged the bowel and retched.
“Dean.” Castiel said. He put his hand on his arm. His look was stern. Dean could see he was telling him to stop it.
Dean gave a soft smile and nodded. He seemed to be unbothered by this piece of information. “Awesome, does she help you out with the business?”
“Dean?” Castiel walked into the kitchen. He was rubbing his eyes and still had his pajamas on. “What are you doing up?”
Dean shook his head and kept shoving. He watched the restaurant as Castiel walked out with a smile on his face and went back to his job. Dean smiled to himself. He was amazed by how some musty old books could make Castiel so happy. But as long as Cas was happy then he was happy. He heard Bobby chuckled beside him. He shot the old man a dirty look and went back to dealing with the snow.
Dean patted his arm. “It’s okay, Cas. I’m sure it’s hard. And don’t worry I’ll be with you the whole way.”
“No, don’t leave!” he shouted. The man froze in his tracks. Castiel’s face heated up. Good lord, he shouldn’t have shouted like that. He could hear his mom’s voice in his head.
“I was sickened by what he did,” He frowned. “You weren’t there, sorry, he made… he took away all life on Earth but the Winchester. He even took Adam from me. I couldn’t believe the father I believed in, the one I fought for would just… destroy his creation like that. Leave Earth so desolate… so broken…”
Sam never turned on a lamp so damn fast in his life. He wasn’t even going to lay there and pretend to be asleep while Dean was busy getting his rocks off. Hell no!
Jody shrugged. “I didn’t have much of a wedding myself when I…” She shook her head she still didn’t talk about her late husband much. “Where're the girls?”
“Car mechanic?” He asked. He felt his head tilt some. “That’s an interesting line of work. I don’t know much about cars other than to drive it and put gas in it.” He chuckled. “So what made you decide to be a mechanic?”
“No.” He knew he really didn’t. He always felt guilty about what happened to her and Ben. He was grateful that they had forgotten it all but it still hurt. He had to live with that guilt, that he put them in harm's way. He had told himself repeatedly that the life and relationships just didn’t work. But he had witnessed time and time again that it was wrong that if a hunter found… someone who was also in the life it could be done… though it could be painful. An image of Castiel crying popped into his mind again.
“How? Are you going to erase my memories of Cas?” He thought back to when Castiel erased Lisa’s memories of him. Would Michael do that to him? He didn’t want that. He was in pain but he needed to remember Castiel. To remember his sacrifice to save him.
Castiel stared at the door for a minute before he moved into the living room. He looked down at the papers and reports they had gathered about the hunt. He picked up one reading over it. Their next course of action was to head up the trail and see what they could find. They would find no clues in this cabin they needed to get out there.
“Hell, no, I ain’t going to sit here and listen to her belittle you.” He didn’t like her glaring at him but he could put up with it but he drew the line at her mocking Cas. Castiel had been through so much already. He didn’t need his mother treating him like he was a second class citizen for working at a restaurant.
Dean was getting out of bed when Castiel walked in. He ran up to him bracing his side. Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. “Cas, for God’s sake I can take care of myself.”
“That’s it that punk is out of a job!” Dean yelled as he stormed out of the office. Once again his dish washer called in and once again he had to leave paperwork unfinished to help out his crew. He had payroll and orders to do. Sam usually did that stuff but his brother was out of town for the weekend with his girlfriend Eileen. Dean hated paperwork more than anything. He preferred to work with his crew not slave over the phone and the computer. That was Sam’s thing, not his.
“Well, wouldn’t you rather be here than back home with Sammy?” He blushed again. Castiel could feel his own face heating up. “I mean, we could have some privacy.”
Dean smirked as he picked up the napkin. “I see Jennifer left you her number. Maybe you should call her after the hunt.”
He sighed. “It… it hurts to talk about him sometimes. I get to missing him and then I get depressed.” He took Castiel’s hand and kissed it. “He wanted me to be happy. He was so worried I dedicated too much time to others and not to myself. He told me that all the time when I was taking care of him. He would look at me and say ‘Son, go out and have a life.’ But I…” He looked at Castiel’s hand and sighed. “I got you now.” That was when it hit him. His father wanted him to find happiness. To find someone to spend a life with and to be loved. Castiel was that someone. He would love him no matter what.
“What is it?” Castiel walked to him and looked over the edge into the clearing. He could see a small cabin from where they were.
“Well, dad had been driving his pick-up truck more since it was more practical for his work.” He shrugged. “He had a hard time driving this in the snow too.”
“Thank you, Meg.” He got off the couch and Dean followed him. Castiel and Meg hugged and she walked them to the door.
Dean walked to the kitchen. He touched his lips. He could barely believe he and Castiel had kissed. He chuckled to himself. It sparked something in his being. He could feel the sparks between them like they were meant to be together.
He looked around. Castiel’s intense gaze went right through him. He felt guilty for even questioning the angel’s feelings. “Yes, I think you can’t… love. Love is a human emotion,” He was cut off by Castiel.
Castiel laughed. He got the cat kibble out of the cabinet. He filled Mr. Cat’s bowl and placed it in front of him. Mr. Cat was a basic tabby cat. He was rather scruffy when Castiel took him in. The cat had been left behind by his former neighbors when they moved out. The poor thing sat on the porch and cried for days. He put food out for the cat until it finally ventured onto his porch. He took the cat in and never looked back. He had worried about someone calling animal control on the cat before he got it in but he got lucky. He didn’t name the cat he had heard the neighbor’s little girl call the cat that and well, it stuck. Plus he tried to change the cat’s name and the cat wouldn’t listen.
With everyone’s help, the groceries were brought in and put up in record time. The bee Dean got Castiel remained hidden. The whole group of them were gathered in the living room. Dean felt awkward. He was the only one there who wasn’t directly related to the others in the room. He was hoping Kelly would be there but she stayed at home with Jack. He listened to the Novak family chat and catch up. Castiel had a death grip on his hand but he still felt out of place. Dean started to feel alone. He didn’t really know any of them save for Castiel. He was left out of the conversation more often than not.
I want to apologize for there being no update last week. I struggled with this chapter and yeah. But here it is. There will probably not be an update next Saturday. It actually might be a while, I have had this story a few chapters ahead so I knew where I was going with it. The next chapter is only half-done, so I need more time to work on it. Sorry, but don't worry it will come along shortly. Maybe sooner than I think
“I’ll fix that.” They left the office. The kitchen was in full swing now making food. Dean was busy washing dishes.
Dean smiled. They started to eat. Dean had never in his life worked so smoothly with someone else like that. It was as if they knew each other’s needs and knew where the other one was going. It was refreshing and so new to him. Anytime he had tried to cook with a romantic partner they usually just stood there and got in the way. It was almost like he and Castiel were part of the same whole. This was a new and exciting experience for him as well as terrifying.
He nodded. “Yeah, it is. Garth said he saw him online earlier nothing wrong with the guy just lazy.”
Holding his eyes open was too much like work. He slowly let them close. He knew Castiel would be there with him as he slept. Forever, he would be with Castiel forever.
“No, the tree service said it won’t be until next week when they come and get it.” He sounded distressed.
The door opened behind them. Castiel watched the door. He could push Dean away and offer himself up. Dean was correct, him dying didn’t guarantee that they would all be safe but he had to do something. He had to try something anything. He stepped forward
He looked up realizing Sam left the door open. Across the hall was the room that Cas used. His breath hitched. He hadn’t been in there since… well, since that happened. His feet moved on his own as he crossed the hall. His fist raised to knock then remembered there was no point. No one lived in there anymore. He frowned. Everyone that had passed through the Bunker he had left the room they stayed in exactly as they had left it, almost like a shrine. It was hard. The hunters from the other universe most of them had family and loved ones that came with them. Their stuff was taken or they burned it to keep from having ghosts. There had been so much going on lately that he… never cleaned any other room. His mom’s room was the same as she left it. Jack’s was the same and… so was Cas’s.
She sighed. “Yes, I’m a hunter.” She shrugged. “Been one for years. I took over for the Sherriff once he got too old to hunt. I help keep this town safe. What about you?”
Castiel laughed. “No, some of these people are buyers, or supporters, friends of the family and so forth.” He marched him to a table in the back and poured him a glass. “Here, this is the beer that my cousin designed.”
Sam was at his side as the 911 operator continued to talk on the other end. “It’s going to be okay, Dean.” He all but sobbed. “You’re going to be fine.”
“It’s about Cas… I… was a blind idiot.” He sighed. “I just always assumed that he couldn’t possibly ever love me. That I was unlovable,”
“How?” Asked one of them. He was a scared young man. His fists were clenched and he was looking around with panic in his eyes.
There was a silence around them as they finished eating. Dean studied Castiel. His suspicions were confirmed. Castiel had been in an abusive relationship. It made sense now that Dean looked back at it. He had an account but he couldn’t use it, he seemed well put together but no roof over his head. He had ran most likely with whatever he could carry and that was how he ended up in this situation. His food sat like a rock in his stomach as he thought how someone could ever hurt Castiel. Anger boiled to the surface and he fought it back. Castiel was safe now and that was what mattered now.
“I want us to be together too.” Dean said after Castiel broke the kiss. The two of them stood there in the kitchen holding each other just taking in the existence of the other. Dean could feel in his heart, without a doubt the two of them were meant to be together. He had never been surer of anything in his life. Dean and Castiel were meant to be together forever.
Dean could taste the mac and cheese on his lips. He tried not to laugh at the silliness of it. “So um, I talked to Sam this morning. He’s going to take care of the store when we go to see your folks.”
Dean started to laugh. “Oh man. That was fun.” He ran his hands through his hair and tried to smooth it back
“Yeah.” Gabriel and Castiel held Dean under each arm. Dean didn’t realize how unstable he was until then. He fumbled his way up the stairs without the two of them he probably would have ended up on the floor.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Why? We can just stay in bed and spend some more time together.”
He headed downstairs. Castiel was sitting at the counter book in hand and steaming cup of coffee in front of him. He looked at him and smiled. “Good morning, Dean, I made coffee.”
Dean cupped his face. “No, no more tears.” He rubbed the tears away. “Hey, listen you can’t change the past. There is only now and the future. There isn’t a thing you can do to change the past.” He kissed his cheek. “You’ve made mistakes. We all have. We all have done stuff we wished we could go back and change but we can’t live in the past, baby.” He kissed his forehead.
“I’ve been doing this job enough to recognize a lovesick person.” She poured him another drink and handed it to him. “I thought maybe you were one of Cindy’s exes, she’s got more of them than there are states in the union.”
Castiel pulled out his blade and sliced through the ropes. Dean came down from the rafters and Castiel supported him. “Are you okay?” He felt something wet and warm in his hand. He pulled his hand away to see blood. “Dean?”
Dean then remembered the tie he got for him. “Oh,” He reached over to his neck and started to undo his tie. He watched the blush form across Castiel’s face. Dean chuckled he liked how the angel would sometimes get flustered or caught off guard by his actions.
He finished his beer. The buzz warming his body. “You do realize I have already died though so you are too late.”
“Well, are you going to stay in your room or are you going to move into mine? Are we going to tell Sam? You know things like that.”
“Really? I wanted to go to the beach too. We never made it there either… maybe you and I could uh, go sometime?” His face heated up. He studied Castiel to test his reaction.
He sighed. “I am human. I have been more human than an angel for a long time.” He looked at Dean who nodded. “And it’s thanks to Dean.”
Dean looked at Castiel. His mouth was half-open. He mouthed the word ‘rude’ at him. Castiel didn’t think it was that rude. It was accurate. The man was very old.
“There,” He shook his head. “Cas doesn’t have feelings for me. He’s just grateful.” Yeah, Castiel didn’t have feelings for him… right?
Dean smiled. Man, this guy was hitting all the right buttons. Coffee, bacon, if he pulled out a wedding ring Dean would say yes without a second thought. He sipped his coffee as bacon sizzled. “So you know how to cook?”
He pulled him closer to him. “Come here.” He said softly. He nuzzled against his shoulder. “It was good for you?” He was unsure. He was worried Castiel might have been hurt or something.
They walked downstairs. Castiel placed his collection of books on the shelf. They gathered up his clothes, toiletries, and of course Mr. Berry and carried them all upstairs to Dean’s room.
“She’s right you know,” Meg interjected from the other side of Anna. “When was the last time you had a date? Or better yet a steady relationship?”
“Ooh Cas, I love it when you talk about cleaning cars.” He winked and pulled Castiel in for a long and deep kiss. “Alright, let’s get this truck clean.” Dean said after he broke the kiss
He chewed his food and his eyes fell to the backyard through the windows. “I was thinking… maybe we can grow a garden this spring.”
Dean sighed and looked it and felt bad for leaving it. He picked it back up. “Spending my money already.” He teased.
“Glad to see you guys are enjoying the food.” Chuck said as he set his mug down and dug into his own plate.
He looked up at him. “I love you too.” He blurted out. He chuckled. “Sorry, I… I wanted to make a speech like you did and here I am messing up the romance with,” His words were lost in Castiel’s mouth as the angel kissed him again. When they broke apart he chuckled again. “I guess you don’t mind.”
No sooner than those words left the archangel’s lips did the whole ‘world’ began to shake. Castiel let out a rather undignified yelp as he tried to steady himself. With nothing to hang onto it was hard to do.
Castiel let out a sigh. He enjoyed being touched by Dean. He leaned into his chest as Dean gently caressed his chest. He felt as though he could melt into the bottom of the shower from pure pleasure. He leaned in kissing Dean on the neck. “I love you.” He whispered into his neck
He smiled as he looked at his phone. They hadn’t been dating for that long but Castiel really liked Dean. Just thinking about him made his heart flutter in a good way. He might… he might actually love Dean. He could see himself being with him in the long term. He hadn’t been this happy with another person in years and he wanted and needed a partner in life. He could see that in Dean. There was just something about him. Something about them that told him they were meant to be together. He rubbed his arm. Truth be told, he was worried about moving too fast and scaring off Dean. He bid Dean goodnight and went to bed. Sleep did not come easy. He laid there tossing and turning. He wanted to tell Dean how he felt but was worried about scaring him. He was also worried about Claire. Would she really be okay with him and Dean being together together? After a long while, he fell into a dreamless sleep.
“She won’t do that. She respects what her brother did. She can see the greatness of humans.” He said smiling. “She will help us. She promises me that.” He looked at Sam. “She knows how much Cas meant to Dean.”
“That one, if I’m being honest, is one of the few here that didn’t come from a broken marriage.” Crowley said. “I’m a bit of a superstitious fool myself.” He smiled. It was a genuine one, something that Castiel had rarely seen on the thrift store owners face. “A kind old woman sold it to me. She was getting ready to be admitted into a hospice facility and she needed the money.” He looked at the ring. “She said her husband was the kindest man she knew.”
“Splendid.” He jotted down the address for the farm. “It’s a bit remote.” He slid the paper over to Dean who took it and looked over it.
He heard him laugh. He searched the bar for him and spotted him in the corner with some young blond woman hanging off of him. He frowned. Castiel didn’t want to spend time with Dean like this. He felt… a twinge of jealousy in his heart as the woman giggled as he smiled at her. He found himself wishing Dean would look at him like that. He sighed. He had thought he buried these feelings a long time ago, but no when it came to Dean there was no burying of these feelings.
Dean scoffed. “I knew it! There’s an angle with you, Mike. Here I thought you might actually give a damn and you want to do is rebuild heaven’s army.”
Castiel growled at the word buddy. He was tired of Dean calling him a friend, a pal, buddy, brother. Everything but what he wanted to hear. “She’s not what I want.”
Dean thought to protest but decided against it. They were Cas’s family and he could save getting his rocks off until they got home. “Okay.”
Dean growled shoving Castiel to the ground as he leaped at the angel. The angel dodged and tossed Dean into the wall.
Lucas and Dean walked into the living room. Castiel noticed the serious expression on Dean’s face. They locked eyes and Dean’s emerald ones lit up.
He playfully rolled his eyes. “Hey, my references were solid. Ain’t my fault the man didn’t get them.”
“Okay.” Castiel said his voice coming out higher than he expected. He felt his face heat up. Here he was fumbling over his words and his voice coming out like some teenaged boy.
He watched Castiel’s Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed hard. He nodded. He reached into the nightstand and pulled out the lube they brought. He looked at him. His breath was shaky. “You want me to top?” He asked as if unsure
“Caucasian male, in his mid-forties, sharp force trauma to the back. He was transported rebar and all.”
He felt his face redden. “Dean, that… that is the kindest thing someone has said to me in so long.” He felt his heart swell with an unknown feeling. He stared at his coffee as his heart fluttered in his chest. When he looked to Dean and their eyes met it got worse. Was this love? Was this what it felt like to actually love someone? Never felt this way with Dereck even when he thought he loved him. His emotions then were fast and fleeting. He thought that’s what love was but this was a slow blossoming feeling. It was different. He smiled as he looked at Dean. This felt right. This felt like where he was meant to be. He felt a nagging feeling in the pit of his stomach. He didn’t want to leave Dean but at some point, he had to. He had to at least find his family. He had lost track of them and he had no idea where they were. He wanted to reconnect with them and let them know he is okay. He needed to tell Dean about it but he wasn’t sure how. He knew somehow Dean would understand but that didn’t make it easier.
“Cas? Oh my God, Cas, it really is you!” Lucas exclaimed. He wrapped his arms around Castiel and held him. “I was,” He started to sob quietly.
“I’m sorry. I’m just so nervous.” A few days ago Lucas contacted him about meeting up for dinner. Castiel had asked if it was okay to bring Dean and Lucas was okay with it. As a matter of fact Lucas wanted Dean there. Castiel was happy that he allowed Dean to come but he was still nervous. He knew he was being silly. He had been talking to his brother off and on since they met up. He had met his wife and child already. He shouldn’t be nervous but still didn’t stop the fluttering feeling in his stomach. He ran his hand over his face. He felt stubble… oh, he should have shaved.
He felt his face redden. “Um, I need help wrapping presents.” He laid down the record and paper. “I uh, watched a video and I feel like I need to see it in person. It just looks terrible when I do it. It’s either too loose or too tight and it rips… shortly it looks bad.”
“Thank you, babe.” He said and kissed him. He practically heard Sam roll his eyes from his spot at the table. “I’m going to make some breakfast.” He walked up to the stove and got the box of pancakes out of the cabinet. He started to mix everything and began pouring it onto the skillet.
Jack started to mix the cookie dough. He bears a face of concentration as he mixes the cookie dough.
He finished his drink then started on the next one. “I saved him from Hell.” He nodded to Dean. “I used to not feel… anything… and as time passed and I got to know him the more I… I started to have feelings for him.” He sighed. It felt good to get things off his chest… why did Dean and Sam never talk about things? “His name is Dean,” He smiled. “And he is the most beautiful creature I have ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on.”
He chuckled. “I can’t wait to see it either or read it.” He smiled he was happy to see Castiel so happy.
“I enjoyed myself but had crushing guilt for days after that dad would disown me if he ever found out. It’s not going to be a problem now, just so you know.”
“It,” he sighed a longsuffering sigh. “God, Cas, when we get home,” He pointed at him. “We are watching Transformers.”
The man looked up at him his blue eyes wide. “I am sorry I uh… this alley has the best light and I wanted to read…” He stated with a matter of fact tone. He was standing under the light that lit the alleyway. The orange light cast an ethereal glow on his tanned skin and made his eyes sparkle. It wasn’t the most flattering light but it worked for him.
“We can get him back,” Sam said. “Michael has a plan. We are doing research now on how to get in the empty. Dean, we can save Cas.”
“Well, he wanted to.” He chewed his lips. Cas always wanted to help them in some way. He remembered him pleading with Dean ‘let me be useful to you somehow and do something he had said as he wrangled the washcloth from Dean as he was doing the dishes. Dean never fought him on it. Cas did a good job getting them clean. Too good of a job. Sometimes he suspected the angel used his mojo on them to get them clean.
She eyed her classmates as they left and once they were gone she looked at him. She gave him a once over her eyes narrowed slits. “So, Dean Winchester is it?” She looked back up at his face. “You wouldn’t happen to know a Castiel Novak would you?” She asked her tone had an edge to it that Dean didn’t care for.
She laughed. “No, no one is that good. I’m living up here, Sam, like Fergus did. I got myself a nice flat.”
She frowned at him. “Uncle Cas, I’m sorry.” She rubbed her arm. “I didn’t… I’m just worried people at school will think that I’m passing because you are with my teacher. I don’t want people to think grades are being handed to me.”
It was the day of the tasting and festival. Dean drove his car down the backroad. He apologized to his car as he hit bumps along the way. The Novak farm was pretty deep into farmland. He started to wonder if he was ever going to make it when a large farmhouse came into view. “Wow.” He said to himself.
He nodded. “Yeah, apparently it was a dumping ground way back in the day. The city decided to put dirt on top of it and make a little park.” He gestured to a sign nearby. “They are gathering funding for a playground.”
“I’m fine I, I got this. I got too… before it’s too late.” He wobbled as he made his way out of thr library. Eileen and Rowena shouted at him as he stumbled his way to Castiel’s room. He walked in, where would the angel keep an amulet? He opened up the dresser almost falling into it as he pushed around the clothes. He felt something in the bottom of the drawer. He pulled out a necklace box. He opened it a note fell out but there was the amulet. He picked up the note. He knew he shouldn’t have but he opened it to read it.
He did lose track of time, at some point, Alfie left to return to school. He did stop by the room to say goodbye to Dean but it was quick and to the point. Dean didn’t imagine that he and Alfie would get along. Not that Castiel’s youngest sibling was nasty with him after the first day he just didn’t seem to be interested in getting to know Dean. He decided not to worry about it.
She raised an eyebrow. “Oh? And here I thought you were head over heels for the lad.” He had a sneaking suspicion that Rowena was pushing the roses because they were a way more expensive flower than the others. She was in it for the money after all.
Dean set up the balls. He picked up the pool cues and handed one to Castiel. “Alright,” He lined up the shot. “First, you got to get the cue right, see how I’m doing it?” He asked
It hurt to open his eyes. His vision was blurry. He heard a beep. He tried to blink but his eyes felt heavy. No, he couldn’t open them he wanted to sleep. “Cas?” He groaned. He reached out blindly. He needed him more than anything.
“Thanks,” He picked it up. “It’s been a long day.” He added as he took a deep swig of it. Unlike his brother, he didn’t need alcohol to survive but that didn’t mean he would turn down a drink we needed it.
He looked at him with his blue eyes. “I think… I think we should get out of the shower. We are going to run up my parents’ water bill.”
He stretched a bit. His muscles felt a little tight. When he was homeless he did walk everywhere including into town which was about two miles one way from the park. He had started slacking off once he got access to cars again. He started a slow jog down the sidewalk the steady thump feeling good. It was nice.
Dean closed his eyes. “I want to… I want to die, Sammy, you… you got this you don’t need me, let me go.” His voice rough as sandpaper
Dean grinned ear to ear. He looked at the EMT. “Ain’t he pretty? Hey, EMT guy,” Dean waved his other hand. “I love this man, this is… Cas.”
Castiel tried to still his shaking hands. He tried to focus on the music that played in Dean’s car. He stared at his hands as they trembled. He was not ready to see his family yet. Shame ate at him. If he was a little bit smarter, if he had just listened to Lucas in the first place none of this would have happened. He glanced over at Dean although if this hadn’t happened he may not have met Dean. He rested his hands on his knees and clung to the fabric of his pants.
Dean chuckled but didn’t point out Castiel’s verbal misstep. “Yeah, that’s my baby.” He laid his hand fondly on the car. “She’s been in the family for years.” He glanced back at Castiel. “My dad gave her to me as a graduation present.”
“What! Jack is a child! He can’t take on the mantle of God!” He shouted at Sam. Anger rolled through him. How could they do something so reckless! Jack was a child! Jack was… was his child, his son!
“Oh, no, it’s just temporary.” Castiel held his hands up defensively. He didn’t have a desire to take Garth’s job.
The man snickered. “You won’t be calling me many names once I get done with you.” He walked closer to Dean but stayed a good distance from him. “You are Dean Winchester.” He addressed him as he pointed at him with a knife.
Castiel continues his work until Dean found his release. Once Dean was done, he was panting up against the wall. Castiel rose and kissed him on the lips. Dean can taste himself on Cas. “Let’s get clean.” He took a handful of body wash and started to clean Dean. Dean let him work the suds over his body, and clean his hair. He gave him a good scalp massage Dean all but melted into his hands. Once Castiel rinsed all the soap off of him, Dean smiled at him.
“Yes,” He chuckled. “Please, call me Chuck. Being called Mr. Novak makes me feel old and I’m not ready to feel old yet. Even though I am a grandfather.” He got a glass out of the cabinet and then a bottle of liquor. He poured himself a drink and smiled at Dean. “Help yourself, son.” He took a long sip of it and topped his drink off. “Try not to be so stiff by the way. We don’t bite.”
He laughed. “Okay that may be true but… do you want a relationship with him? It seems a little… toxic.”
“Dean,” Sam started. He cleared his throat. “I uh, I want you to know that I really want you to try with this guy.”
“You seem like you’ve been here before so perhaps you can enlighten me, where is here?” He asked “I figured me being a demon and all I would,” He shrugged. “Return to Hell, end up in Purgatory but this… this is neither is it?”
“No problem, Cas.” Sam said as he leaned on the side of his car. “I want you to know,” He started as he walked around the vehicle. “You’re like family to me, man. I’m really glad that you came into our lives. You’re a good fit for Dean and you make him happy.” He sighed. “I can’t say I have ever seen him that happy before. Not like he was miserable or anything but he just glows when he’s around you or when he talks about you.” He held his arms out to him for a hug. “I mean it man, welcome to the family.”
They both sat down and Castiel told Lucas his story of what had happened. He went through the whole thing and watched his older brother become emotional.
Jack smiled at them feeling proud. “Yes, I… well we, Sam and Dean and I beat Chuck who was God. I took his powers so now I guess I am God.”
“Dean,” Sam said softly. He sighed. “Look, it’s going to be okay. This isn’t a traditional meet-cute okay. It’s probably weird for them too just don’t hold it against them. And remember you have Cas. I know from what I have seen; he loves you, Dean. He loves you a lot. He looks at you like you hung the moon.  Try to engage with the Novak family. Remember it’s all new to them too. And if you still feel lonely I’m just a phone call away.”
The mystery man turned around and picked up his bag. “I’ll uh, go I don’t want to impose.” He started down the alley
“Why do you like it though?” He asked as he finally finished cutting one carrot “I find it to be tedious.”
“Well, we got one instance where a woman was found with the blood drained out of her, then two days later a guy was beheaded.”
The class went on without much of a problem. Not like a lot happened the first day. He would give them a lesson plan and asked them what they expected from the class. He dismissed them. The teenagers left as if shot out of a gun. His class was the last one of the day so they had time before their buses arrived to take them home. He watched them leave and felt eyes on him. He looked to see Claire standing there giving him the stink eye. “Yes? Do you have a question?”
“Hello, Dean.” He said softly he reached out and stroked Dean’s cheek. His big blue eyes looked concerned as he looked over his face.
They ate their dinner. Castiel gathered up the dishes. “You cooked I’ll do the dishes. I think it’s time for you to take a shower and relax.”
Dean looked up to his family. “How about we all gather around the tree and open our presents? But first I got to get out of this wet suit.”
Dean and Castiel were in the kitchen with Jack. Together they had managed to get all of Castiel’s gifts wrapped. Most of them looked a little shabby but they were wrapped and under the tree.
“Yeah, a Christmas tree, families put it up then we put presents underneath it and Santa knows where to put the presents.” Said Sam
“Okay,” He pulled out four flannel shirts and the same amount of jeans. He stuck them in the bag and zipped it up. “They're packed.”
She laughed. “No problem, especially since you are about the only one who would hire Claire.” She hung up.
The two of them continued up the long flight of stairs holding hands. Castiel imagined this is what a date must be like. He tried to hold in his smile, this was a hunt, not a date. They reached the top of the stairs and Dean let out a dramatic sigh.
Sam shook his head. “That’s not just…” He placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder. “Listen, Jack, yes I do need you but you’re more than a means to an end. You’re family.”
Dean frowned. Whatever Chuck had shown Sam it must have been bad. He wanted to talk to him about it but it could wait until Sam was ready. He wasn’t going to force him to relive it so soon. His eyes fell on Castiel. “I…”
Castiel got up and got his boots from the corner. He never wore work boots like Dean until he started hunting. Dean told him his dress boots wouldn’t be wise to wear while hunting. He could see why. They weren’t practical. He attempted to lace his boots but was struggling with it. Why didn’t humans make footwear easier to manage?
“I know.” She took his hand. “But we will help him, even if we can’t get Cas back, we… we have to be there for him.” She kissed his hand
Dean took Sam’s hand off his shoulder. “No,” he shook his head. “The empty is different. It’s not something we can just walk into and ask for Cas back. If we do get in there, that doesn’t mean we can get Cas back.” He sniffed. “I can’t… I can’t do that to myself, Sammy, I can’t have this hope only for it to get crushed again.” He looked into Sam’s eyes. “I don’t think I can survive it, Sam.”
Dean walked into the living room still drying off his hair with a towel. There was a tenseness in the air now so thick Castiel thought he could cut it. He could now see why Dean wanted to wait until after the hunt. These raw emotions would get in the way. They were in the way now and they weren’t even working. What if it impacts the hunt? “Find anything out?” Dean asked as he tossed the towel on the back of a chair.
He drove back home and let himself in. Castiel was on the couch reading with the TV on the news. “Welcome back, Dean.”
“Come on, Cas!” Meg shouted at him over the music. She was dressed in black, looking more like someone who would run a bike shop rather than sit in a cubicle seven days a week. “Let’s dance!” She shouted her hair bouncing as she swayed. She was… probably a little drunk.
The car pulled into its usual back parking space. Castiel felt his nervousness take over again. He took in a deep breath.
Castiel let out a small sigh as he stood up as well. He wanted to rest a bit more. He knew that they needed to get going to begin the hunt. Monsters wait for no one after all, but, he did want to continue enjoying this moment with Dean. Maybe they would get more chances for this after the hunt? He ate his chips finishing them off by the time they got to the car. He tossed his trash in the can as he got in the car with Dean.
“Me and Clarence here made a deal years ago whenever the other one started dating we would see if whoever they were dating would freak out if we started acting weird.” She sipped her drink. “I love a good awkward dirty joke.” She snickered. “I scared off one guy of his by asking him how big his dick was.” She smiled
“As do I.” He took his hand and squeezed. “Not a day goes by that I am not grateful for you walking into that barn… or for pulling me out of Hell for that matter.” He looked at Castiel’s hands as if studying them. “Sure we’ve had our ups and downs but I know in the end we have each other.”
He chuckled. “It was a weird day, yeah, I was… I was freaking depressed and I… I didn’t want anything… I did have a want.”
“I know, Cas you don’t like it.” He pointed at the blinking lights. “You like these? I noticed you were staring at them earlier.”
Castiel stood up and pushed Dean onto the bed. He undid his pants pulling them off as Dean raised his hips. He stared at Dean’s leaking cock. He wanted it he needed it. He swallowed hard. Dean’s face was turned away as if ashamed. “Look at me, Dean.”
Castiel stared at Dean. Tears gathered in his eyes. Dean was going to die and there was nothing he could do about it. “Dean.”
The truth was Castiel never had much luck in the relationship department. He was late to the dating scene gone throughout high school with no dates; he didn’t even go to his prom. On the other hand, however, Jimmy married his high school sweetheart. Castiel after that just sort of focused on his career. He got through college fairly easily, started up his business (tough it had help from his family’s farming company) and aided troubled youth. He was in his thirties now and had zero to no luck on the dating scene. It rarely worked out. He was pretty sure only one of them he saw more than once. He smirked to himself. He even botched online dating when Meg set him up an account. Dating didn’t seem to come easy for him. Not for the lack of trying.
They drove to a McDonald’s and got coffee and food for the two of them. Castiel nibbled at his food for the most part. Dean inhaled his biscuit in the parking lot before he started to nurse on his coffee.
“Hmm,” She quirked her lips. “So, now that I have you cornered how about you tell me what happened to Cas? I got Sam’s version. Now I want yours.” She snipped
“It was… it was something.” He felt his heart flutter. He had never had anyone make him feel like this. Usually, it took him a while to warm up to another person (another reason as to why his dates never went well)
The EMT nodded. “Yeah, thanks to the ranger’s quick work he didn’t lose too much blood. But he still needs some and a doctor to check over him.”
He looked into his eyes. He knew bottoming was a touchy subject with Castiel. After the abuse he had gone through Dean could understand. He never asked him to bottom he wanted Castiel to feel comfortable in the bedroom. “If that is what you want, baby.” He rubbed his back. “I’m fine with it as long as you are comfortable doing it.”
“So, what’s with the bear?” He had been wondering since he saw it. He knew the bear must have meant something to him as he still had it as an adult and he kept it with it the whole ride to Dean’s place.
Dean felt his heart fall. He wondered about this man’s backstory. Here he was with his life crammed into a bag and shame on his face. He wanted to help this man out somehow. Even if he just let him work for the day he could provide him with basic needs for a short will. He couldn’t explain why but he felt a drive… a need to help him as if Castiel was placed in that alley for a reason. “You’re welcome, Cas.”
He huffed as he tossed one of his shirts into the drawer. “Cas made a deal.” He grunted hoping that would satisfy her curiosity.
He heard Sam snicker in the distance and Dean turned beet red. Dean wiped off his face. “You know what; I’m going to count this as our first date.”
Dean smiled. He took the shower and came back out to see that Castiel had already turned down the sheets. He crawled into bed with the angel. He felt awkward but it passed very quickly when Castiel pulled him into his chest. He inhaled the smell of Castiel mixed with his body wash.
“I’m not even sure why dad got such a fancy dining room set.” Sam shrugged. “It was just the three of us and sometimes Bobby. We could have easily fit at the kitchen table.”
“I am serious. I have a hard time reading people. I don’t notice when they flirt with me. If you weren’t so forward I would have walked off with the painting and just thought about what a nice uh,” He stopped his face grew hot
They laid there for a moment as their bodies came down from the high. They just enjoyed the moment of quiet thoughts and holding one another. Dean wanted this every single day. To wake up next to Castiel and make love to him. Castiel deserved it, he deserved it. He deserved all the love in the world and Dean was ready to give it to him.
She cackled. “You passed, man.” She leaned toward him with her beer in her hand. “You didn’t freak out and run so you passed the test.”
Dean stopped to look at it. “Park service puts these up sometimes to mark trails or mark trees…” he looked around. “I see a clear path though.” He pointed.
He frowned. He wasn’t that bad… was he? He watched Dean open the door perhaps he could turn this into a learning experience.
“I know.” Sam said as they got out of the car. “But you need something nice. You can’t show up at this event wearing ratty jeans. Plus maybe Cas would like to see you dressed up.”
He snickered as he rinsed them both off. “You already promised me breakfast so it’s too late for that.”
He chuckled. He felt warmth unfold from his chest. Sam accepted it. Sam wasn’t upset by it he was okay about it. It was nice. “I’m glad you think so but… with our lives and… he’s an angel he doesn’t feel love.”
Home. That word coming out of Chuck’s mouth made Dean’s skin tingle. He viewed this as Castiel’s home. He smiled softly. Castiel’s parents had accepted this was his home now.
“Not exactly.” He smiled at Dean. “Consider it more of a warning.” He teased. He pulled him into him for another kiss. “We really should go.” Castiel murmured against his lips. “And get cleaned up.”
He sat down in his seat. He could feel Alfie glaring at him. He chose to say nothing. He’d explain to them that this savior idea they had was unwanted.
There was a pause. Dean thought maybe he might have gone too far and then Castiel said. “I would love that a lot, thank you.”
“No, I’m not sure, but you are right, I can’t live in the past.” He flipped the pancake. “I can’t worry about what mom and dad will think about me I got to call them and,”
Naomi shot him a dirty look. No doubt from getting chummy with the enemy. Dean decided not to worry about what she thought about him. At least Chuck seemed to like him and as long as Naomi didn’t talk down to Cas again Dean was going to overlook her glares.
He laid his hand on his shoulder and squeezed. “I am sure, Dean.” He nodded to the photos. “Judging by all these photos it seems you are a family man.” Castiel looked over them. There was one of Dean at his graduation, one of Sam at his, pictures of prom. Castiel shoved the feeling of jealousy when he spotted a picture of a young Dean with his arms around a young woman. There were several photos of the crew of the restaurant.
He nodded. “Yeah, dad got the car when he first met mom. He came back home from the Vietnam war and was looking for a vehicle. He was originally going to get something practical but he saw Baby,” He patted the steering wheel affectionately. “And she was as much as the practical car and he told me he had always wanted an Impala so he bought her.”
They ate, chatting about various topics. No fighting happened which Dean was grateful for. Sam and Eileen got along with Castiel’s family. Dean did feel bad for Jack who was the only child at the table but Jack didn’t seem to be bothered by it. After diner was eaten they had desert. Hours flew by soon it was late and folks were ready to go home.
“One I’m a wreck, and two unlike you I am single.” He huffed as he smoothed the tie and patted his brother on the shoulder.
Castiel looked at him. His blue eyes lit up. He must really like books. He smiled. “I would love that, Dean, but you have already done so much for me.”
He laughed. “Because I didn’t want you to think I was lying or something to try to get in your pants.” He shrugged. “People tend to think it’s a pickup line. It’s not, I really do own it.”
His mind was still stuck on how close Dean was to him. He played the game half-hearted focusing more on Dean’s perky ass sticking up in the air when he played. He could have sworn that Dean was doing it on purpose at this point. Needless to say, he lost.
They arrived at the cabin sometime later. They opted to leave the books in the car since they were going to leave first thing in the morning but the pie and honey went in with them. Dean rushed into the kitchen and started getting things together for dinner. “Hey, Cas, can you cut this?” He asked as he laid out a few carrots.
He bolted upright and realized Sam was in the room. “Sammy?” He asked his voice rose in panic. “How long have you been there?”
He looked around trying to look nonchalant. The aisle beside him had Christmas decorations. Stores were always in a rush to get Christmas stuff out. He wandered down the aisle and looked over the stuff. Hard to believe it was already November. October flew by so fast he barely remembered it. With everything that happened when he met Cas it seemed like a whirlwind and a decade ago.
Dean let out a soft groan as his beautiful green eyes opened up. “Morning, Cas.” He mumbled into his shoulder.
“I was going to say understandably angry, but you’ve come a long way. You’re becoming a strong adult and a damn fine hunter.”
Castiel felt tired. It had been a busy day for him. He worked; he took down his camp, plus the grocery store, and his mental battle with himself. He was tired to his very soul. A yawn escaped his mouth. “Sorry I just suddenly got so tired.” A new feeling washed over him. Contentment. When was the last time he felt that? Warm, safe, cozy and wanted? “I think I’m going to turn in for the night.” He stood up and stretched.
He laughed. They walked into the living room and sat on the couch. Dean put the DVD in the player. He picked up a throw blanket and joined Castiel on the couch. They snuggled up together. Castiel rested his head on Dean’s chest and Dean pulled the blanket over them. It was comfy and cozy and Dean wouldn’t change anything about it. He smiled and carded his hand through Castiel’s hair. This… this had to be love. Dean knew it had to be. He would do anything to do this every day. To hold Castiel, to love him, to be with him. He leaned in and kissed him on top of the head.
Dean still felt embarrassed this wasn’t how it was supposed to go. The thud of Castiel returning upstairs snapped him out of his spiral.
“It felt right, Cas.” Chuck patted his shoulder. “The others got something too and now it’s your turn since you have a home.”
He smiled at him. “Well hello there, stranger.” He sat up on the couch smiling like someone who had the best secret in the world.
He caught eyes with Castiel who smiled at him. His heart did a little flip. How could he love someone this much? He never thought it was possible. He knew he was capable of love but never something like this. He returned the smile and felt his face heat up. He wanted to share big meals like this with Cas. No, he wanted to share one like this with Cas’s family and his family. A big group. Him working in the kitchen to make things that people would enjoy. That would make him happy. That was why he liked working at the restaurant so much. It wasn’t a burden for him to take over the family business it brought him joy to know he was providing a good meal to people. He may not be on the grill as much as he used to be but he still enjoyed it.
Dean believed him. He felt it wash over him; love an overwhelming sense of love. Castiel loved him and would take care of him. This is what his dad meant. In the past, he took care of everyone and himself he never let anyone take care of him. Here he was letting Castiel take care of him. He looked up at Castiel. He looked worried his forehead crinkled in concentration. “I love you, Cas.”
“Ummm…” He walked up to the sink and opened the medicine cabinet. He pulled out his toothbrush, toothpaste, and put them in a bag. “What about a razor?”
“I do.” He blushed again. He did love, Dean. He’d do anything for Dean (and to Dean). “I… I can’t wait until our date.”
“Bobby,” he sighed and rubbed his face. “It’s not like that. Not yet anyway… hell, he may not even like me.”
He gave up his protest following Dean to the car. Dean handed him the keys again and let him drive. Castiel considered arguing that he didn’t need Dean but it was foolish to go into an unknown situation alone. He put the car in gear while Dean made phone calls.
“Can we… can I hold your hand?” He felt childish after he asked. Dean looked at him and blinked. Perhaps this was too much. He considered tossing himself down the stairs out of embarrassment but then… Dean took his hand.
They finished the meal. Dean got up from the table and walked up to the register. The woman behind the counter smiled and asked how their meal was. “It was great, but you know what would be greater is if you went out with my friend here.”
Castiel pulled away. His eyes were red and puffy now. “Sorry.” He rubbed his eyes and his tear-stained cheeks.
Castiel walked back into his room and sighed at the bags of gifts on his bed. He had been working with Dean’s gift for twenty minutes now. He picked up Sam’s gift and sighed again. Next year he was getting gift bags.
Standing before him was his mother and beside her was Mary. “Hello.” He said holding up his hand in greetings.
The angel nodded slowly. “You have been acting differently since me and Dean got together so I just assumed that it bothered you.”
They started walking down the path. Castiel’s mind was going a mile a minute. He was so scared for Dean. What would the monster do to him? He chewed on his low lip. He needed to find him. No, he had to find him. He needed to protect him.
He shook his head. “This is a gift, Cas. I can’t make up for all the missed birthdays and Christmases but I can start with a phone.”
He felt a wave of nausea hit him again. He suddenly felt tired. He ran his hand over his face and felt the warmth radiating off of it. He wanted to lay down. He looked at Castiel and thought about excusing himself from dinner but decided against it. He wanted to spend this time with them and make a good impression. Then maybe they would be able to do it again.
“No more than what we already knew.” He sighed. He tossed the paper on the table. “I believe we won’t learn more until we reach ground zero.”
“Shh, Dean, it’ll be okay,” Sam said as he held the phone to his mouth. Fear was in his eyes, he wasn’t ready for Dean to go yet.
“Conflict is bad for business you see and we have associates here who might be… offended by family in-fighting.” She patted his shoulder. “It was lovely meeting you though. Perhaps we should have dinner sometime.”
“Why?” He asked frowning. “Seems a bit weird that you are suddenly asking me about what I like in a woman.”
“So what? Do you want me to move out? Leave my home because some bad shit happened?” He voice raised. How dare Sam suggest he needed to leave? This was his home damn it!
That stung a bit. In his heart, he knew he wasn’t marriage material. He was never imagined a time when he would want to settle down. Hell, if he was being honest, he was having a hard time adjusting to retirement. Spending his time not hunting was a daunting task. He had an idea as to whom he wanted to spend that time with but… “I know, Jody, I just need this day to be perfect for Sammy.” He confessed. He didn’t want to think about Cas. Not now, today was about Sam and Eileen not about him and Cas… or the lack of a him and Cas.
“I’m not… no that’s not right.” He sighed. “I don’t believe I have a preference.” He confessed. Now that he thought about it, he had found himself attracted to both men and women though Dean was really the only man he found attractive.
He opened his mouth to argue when he saw someone descending the stairs. Castiel couldn’t recognize his brethren in their vessels so he had no idea who it was.
“I would… I would like that a lot, Dean.” He smiled. He would like that a lot. More time alone with Dean sounded wonderful. He could keep him all to himself and not have to worry about another hunt or Sam walking in on them.
She stopped stomping around. Her dark eyes were wide. “Really?” She shook her head. “What do you want from me then?”
Dean walked up the stairs. Her store was in an old fashion building that had been a long time stable of downtown. It was one of the few buildings that had an apartment above the store which she used.  He rang the doorbell. He waited until he heard her thud down the stairs.
“Glad to see you’re back in the dating game, Clearance.” She said as she sat up. “It’s been what months?”
They got out of the car and headed into the restaurant. Dean selected a booth towards the back with no one around.
He felt so self-conscious. Everyone was staring at him and whispering it felt like. He frowned. He didn’t want to be under the microscope here. He felt someone tap him on the shoulder. He looked back to see Naomi standing there.
Jack and Castiel start to do the same until a dozen cookies were laid out on the sheet. Dean picked up the sheet and put them in the oven.
Dean’s body sung in pleasure. It was a slower pace than what he would have liked but he wasn’t going to force Castiel into anything he wasn’t comfortable with. He laid back calling out Castiel’s name. He may have his dick in Castiel but he was certainly the one fucking him. He closed his eyes enjoying the feeling. He had never thought he would ever have a moment like this with Cas. The trust that had been built between them to even get this moment to happen was amazing. He smiled at the thought and the pleasure. Castiel trusted him. He felt safe with him. He gave himself over completely to Dean to show it too.
Castiel walked around the dining room and served the next few people that came in. He spotted Kelly at the register. Jack smiled at him and waved. He chuckled and waved back.
Benny looked at him. “Brother,” He sighed. “You really think it’s such a good idea? We don’t know the guy.”
Dean sighed. He sat at his desk and started on the paperwork again. Shortly after going in Castiel walks back out. He looks much fresher put together. Dean’s breathe catches in his throat. Now that Castiel is cleaned up he can see how stunning he really is. The clothes he gave him fit snuggly on his muscles and Dean can see the outline of his figure underneath the clothes. Damn the dude was ripped. He licked his lips. He wanted to get his hands under his shirt and feel every single one of those muscles.
He listened by the door and only heard the sounds of the movie coming through. At least there wasn’t any moaning or groaning. He knocked on the door. “Dean.” He said.
“Okay, Dean, you do that.” Castiel said softly as he pressed a kiss to Dean’s hand. He watched him drift to sleep. That would be a sight he would never grow tired of. He could watch Dean sleep peacefully forever.
The phone hung up after that. He rolled his eyes. His mother was such a drama queen. He returned to his stalk. He could just back out and let it go but maybe he could learn something. He clicked on the brother’s profile. The man’s picture was him in a suit, the background was a skyline of Lawrence. He scrolled on down. This brother’s name was Sam and he was a lawyer at Leahy, McLoud, and Kline. Sam was a young lawyer having just started out on his own. He scrolled through the rest of the stuff and didn’t learn much other than Sam had links to the law firm page.
“So it was a couple of years ago,” He went into the story about Cas trying to play good cop, bad cop, about him learning about Bugs Bunny about all of it. They laughed as they exchanged different stories with one another. The good, the bad, all of the Cas stories. At first, talking about Cas stung a little but the more they talked the more Dean felt something lift off his chest. This is what he needed. He needed to reminisce about him, he was sure Claire needed to. This was what they needed to heal. This is what they needed. Of course, he missed Cas, he will never stop missing Cas but talking like this made him feel like he was still with him even right now. He only hoped that maybe someday he could see him again. Someday soon, he was going to try to save Cas on his own terms. He just hopes he doesn’t doom the world in the attempt to rescue him.
He pulled the ring off the bee and held it to Dean. “No, I mean I was going to say… sorry I’m all flustered. I was going to ask you after Christmas. I didn’t expect you to ask first.”
He laughed as he started the car. “Nah, I’m going to remember that shit forever. It’s a good thing you are an angel because you would have been sick as hell otherwise.”
He nodded. “Fine, I’ll wait.” He sighed dramatically then laughed. He rolled off of Dean’s lap flopping onto the couch in a heap. His erection was obvious in his pajama pants. “Hurry up, Dean, or else I’ll take care of myself.” He teased
“Man I thought I would ask. Don’t judge me.” He slipped the necklace over his head. He was glad it was made with a long chain. He suspected that was because the family knew Cas swung both ways.
Dean shook his head. “Really? Peanut butter and jelly is your favorite?” He asked as he prepared the food and was sure to give Castiel a generous helping.
His heart clenched at that sentence. He laid his hand on his shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “I care about you, Cas, hell, we care about you.” He fought the urge to pull him into a big bear hug when he looked up at him with hearts in his eyes. “How about some fresh fruits and vegetables too?” He heard Sam chuckle from behind him. He mentally glared at him not wanting to ruin his moment with Castiel.
“G-good,” he swallowed hard and chuckled. “Really, good, I… I’m shocked. I didn’t expect you to be fit.”
There was a knock at the door. Dean’s stomach dropped. Oh God, the big breakfast spread Castiel’s siblings were coming in this morning. He dropped his fork as Chuck got up from the table to open the door. Dean felt his heart pound in his chest.
“If you want to put it in simple terms then yes.” He nodded to the door. “Sam is looking for a spell. Once we find one we go.”
“Okay.” Castiel said his voice still dripping with suspiciousness. He got out of the car and headed to the driver’s side as Dean slid over to the passenger side. He felt fine, honestly, he was just tired.
Dean flinched. It was weird hearing that familiar greeting out of someone else’s mouth. “Since when do angels knock?” He asked deflecting the moment with humor and sarcasm.
. He smiled it was cute. He did need to start Christmas shopping. He debated what to do. He could put it back and hope that their local Kroger had it too or he could buy it and hope Castiel didn’t find it. He sighed and stuck it in the cart. If Cas found it he would just give it to him.
“I’m going to head on home.” She told everyone. She walked up to Castiel and hugged him tightly. “You be a good boy, Cas.”
He needn’t think about that now. He needed to get away somehow. He heard them laughing, using Meg’s voice as a cruel joke. He had to get away he had to…His thoughts were interrupted as he tripped over something. He hit the ground hard with a thud. He looked at his feet. What could he have fallen over? There was nothing here. He felt a sick twist in his stomach as he thought about all his brothers and sisters that fell before him, some by his hand. He reached to where his shoe was, something was there.
“And you guys can bring guests.” Dean said as he rested his hand on Castiel’s. “I have a decent-sized dining room that hasn’t been used in forever.” He hoped he could find all the pieces to it to extend it.
The fishing pole suddenly jerked. He started to reel in the fish. He could explore his hobbies, maybe go fishing more often. Suddenly, as the fish started to crest the top of the lake he could see the light in his life. He didn’t have to give up, he was more than just some hero in a book written by a demented God. Cas was right, he was more than ‘daddy’s blunt instrument’ Donna was right, he was more of a caregiver. He could, he pulled the fish out of the lake.
I ended up rewriting this whole chapter. I started working on another story as well and I'm hoping to have it done shortly after I finish this one.
He walked into the bedroom. He got out the laptop and began to search for something to do for their date. He smiled as he came up with all sorts of things for them to do. Yes, this would be perfect.
Castiel walked in. Dean looked at him his eyes were wide. “Dean, I,” He shut the door firmly. “I wanted to apologize for earlier.”
Castiel woke up very aware he was in bed alone. He sighed. He probably frightened Dean with his behavior last night. He couldn’t blame Dean, his behavior was unbecoming. He sighed. He wished he could vanish into the bed and never be seen again. How could he face Dean now? It would be... awkward. He groaned as he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. He should be used to things being awkward. Dean had told him many times in his time knowing him, that he was awkward and weird. He stared at the ceiling. He couldn’t avoid Dean forever. He tossed the bedspread back and slowly got out of bed. His head hurt and his mouth was dry. He groaned as his head pounded. He didn’t know if he would ever drink again.
“Aww, babe, I didn’t mean to disturb your sleep.” He adjusted himself in the chair to make Castiel more comfortable. These kitchen chairs weren’t made for cuddling and Dean was already losing the feeling in his ass long before Cas came along.
“Yeah, we got to figure out what to do.” He finished his food and slid the plate away. “The hot tube is out because of my stitches, and I’d rather not hike not after all this mess.”
“No,” He studied his hand. “They are just... it’s just awkward. They didn’t talk to me much. They kind of made me feel left out… and they act like I’m some type of hero and I don’t like it.” He sighed. “It was bad… I never felt so alone even in a room full of people.”
“That he couldn’t love me because he was an angel. I just told myself over and over… and I would save myself from the heartbreak but I…” He glanced over at her. He cleared his throat. “This must be awkward for you and I’m sorry I know that he’s in your dad’s body.”
“You and me to be a thing, to be together as a family.” He rubbed the back of his neck. He felt like he wasn’t making any sense. “Cas, I…” Castiel looked into his eyes. His dark blue eyes looked hopeful. “I think I love you.” Dean felt his stomach drop. That hadn’t been what he meant to say but it was how he felt. He studied Castiel expecting him to turn tail and run or something. Love. It was too early in their relationship for that.
They sat in the sets and Dean and Castiel took the couch. Castiel slung his arm over Dean’s shoulders and pulled him into his chest as Sam started up the movie. Dean smiled they had a lot of Christmas movies to go through as neither Castiel nor Jack had seen any before. He had a list of movies:
Dean stood up. “Well, I am going to take a shower then hit the hay.” He spotted the coat on the bed. He picked it up and handed it to Castiel. “Thanks for this. It really helped me sleep.” He licked his lips. “I uh, helped me feel like you there and… it was comforting.”
He heard Sam chuckle. “Well, I am your brother I know how your mind works.” Sam let out a whistle. “Wow, this is the neighborhood he lives in?” He asked
Dean looked at him. His green eyes were dark and soulful. Dean knew he lied. “Well,” He licked his lips. If you want to talk about it I can listen.” He nodded to the TV “Let’s see what the locals got to say about the snow.”
“True.” He agreed. He picked up the bags as Dean continued to take stock of the kitchen. He had never seen Dean so excited over a kitchen. He laid the bags on the bed and debated unpacking them.
“Holy shit!” he nudged them out of the way. He sprinted out from under the canopy. He couldn’t believe he fucked up that bad. He ran as fast as his legs could carry him to the front of the house. He could see Cas’s truck still parked out front. He ran up to the truck. He was panting as he ripped open the driver’s side.
They held hands and chatted and laughed as a family. The snow continued to fall outside turning it into a photo-worthy Christmas. The Winchester family is warm and happy in the bunker finally having a proper celebration like a family. Dean smiled at Castiel again and took his hand. It was the best Christmas of his life and his first real Christmas and he loved every moment of it.
“Yes, yes, I am.” He lied. He was getting good at lying and it troubled him. He couldn’t tell Dean how he was feeling. How would he even begin to word it?
They headed back downstairs and flopped on the couch and waited for the pizza to come. Once it did they devoured it and watched TV. Dean couldn’t help but smile at how domestic it felt. Once the pizza was gone Dean buried his head in Castiel’s chest. He loved this. He loved Castiel. It was perfect. He smiled. He wondered what size ring Castiel wore as he drifted off back to sleep. It had been a long day well, a long week and Dean was happy to be home at last with his boyfriend. He had never been more in love in his life and he knew that he had found the one person he wanted to be with forever.
“Must be it.” He looked at the cup which was now minus honey. “Usually, I get like the stuff in the store.”
“It’s… well, it can be hard. But it’s not so bad because I have Sam. If I was doing it alone I probably would have been crying in a fettle position in the walk-in a few months in.”
They went back to eating. Anna talked lively with Castiel asking questions about how he had been and basic stuff. Alfie remained quiet which unnerved Dean to no end. It was like there was this bomb sitting there waiting to go off. He had seen enough dramas to know it was going to happen.
Dean nodded as he took the plate. He licked his lips. He looked at Castiel and his heart fluttered as he looked into those deep blue eyes. “I…” He shook his head. “I think this is great. You, me… everyone together like a family, you know.” He sighed and set the plate down. “I really… I really like you, Cas, I want… I want this.”
He smiled. “I am just happy you apologized.” His mother wasn’t one for apologies she was more of a ‘action speak louder than words’ type of person. She was methodical which sometimes made loving her hard almost impossible at times. But she was a caring person even though she ran life like a well-oiled machine. He sat at the table with her and sipped his tea. His phone went off and he checked it. “Dean says that he would love to have you over for dinner.”
Sure enough, Castiel walked into the kitchen his usual scowl on his face. “Dean,” He looked at the phone and smirked. “I didn’t know you actually stored your music on anything other than ancient cassettes.” He teased.
Castiel sat at the table in the library. He stared at his cup of coffee. His body ached in a way he couldn’t quite understand yet. Being human, kind of sucked at times. He sighed. That’s what Dean told him when he got him after he first fell.
He still hesitated as he opened the door. Dean was laying in the bed his arm behind his head and the other around Castiel’s shoulders. The angel was snuggled into Dean’s chest and had his arm around his torso. Sam stared at the sight. It was pretty adorable if he was being honest. He looked at their peaceful little moment and suddenly felt like an invader. “Sorry I uh,” He started. He looked back at the door and thought about making a retreat.
The angry man looked at him. He huffed. “You, you’re the pet angel aren’t you?” He sneered. “I heard you weren’t anything to worry about.” He laughed. “An angel! I can make so much off of you too.”
She smiled softly patting him on the shoulder. “You are a good big brother but…” She took a deep breath. “It’s time to let go. Sam’s grown up now, Dean.”
Anna looked at him as he joined her on the couch. Meg eventually wandered out of the kitchen with a glass of water. They watched TV in silence. He checked his phone, he still hadn’t heard anything from Dean. He was probably busy though. The night went on. Eventually, Castiel went to bed. He laid there for a long time with Sugar on his chest while he stared at the ceiling as he played out what had happened that day.
The older man rolled his eyes. “I may be old but I’m not ready for retirement not yet.” He smirked at him. “Don’t worry, son, one day you too will be old and some young gun from the FBI will get to remind you that you are old.”
Benny nodded and left the office. Dean went back to his paperwork. Time flew by and soon the dinner rush was over and things were quieting down in the kitchen. He heard Benny through the wall send Garth on break. Soon his door opened back up with a small knock. Dean looked up preparing to defend his decision to let Castiel work there when Benny walked in.
He watched her walk off as he picked up the napkin. It had her phone number on it. He tossed it on the table. He nibbled at the fries. He had learned to eat some. He wouldn’t be able to eat the burger. After Dean was done with his he would slid him the plate. He picked at it to make it seem natural.
They headed down the stairs. The smell of bacon was even stronger. Dean felt his mouth water. He all but ran to the table which made Castiel chuckle.
The two of them headed to the car. With the plentiful sunshine, they had the day before the snow was very slowly melting. It pooled in puddles on the sidewalks and driveways. It was preparing to be an icy nightmare tonight. They loaded into the car and headed to the restaurant. Sam was already there waiting on them.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak when Naomi said. “I was not belittling my son. I am very grateful you helped him. Don’t get me wrong, Dean.” She hissed out his name. “I want what’s best for my son.” She sipped her drink. The unspoken words hung in the air. It isn’t you. Dean could feel that’s what she was thinking.
She sighed. She looked at Castiel. “Keep pressure on it.” She handed him a bandana she had in her back pocket. “He should be fine. I’m going to look for a first aid kit.”
“Okay, I’ll eat you can watch and pretend to eat. We’ll just talk like we usually do when we go out to eat.” He winked at him
Dean felt himself blush or at least he thought he did he wasn’t sure given how hot he was feeling. “You’re so sweet, Cas.” His heart did a little flip as Castiel looked down at him in the bed. His blue eyes were focused on him and full of love and worry. It did things to Dean that he couldn’t explain at the moment.
The doctor walked out of the Dean’s room. “Alright, everything checks out. He won’t have to have the stitches removed but keep an eye on it. If it looks like an infection is setting in then please bring him back.”
Castiel stood there in shock as he watched the Shadow kill Billie. He gasped. They were killing her, he stepped forward to help her. No, no, he should run. Escape, hide.  He needed to run but where too? He had nowhere to go. It was nothing for all directions. It was Empty. He could run anyway and they would find him. They did before when he first arrrived here. He tried to escape them before they put him to sleep. They could hurt him. Like they were doing to Billie. He looked at the fallen Death as she faded into the floor. He looked back at the Shadow dressed as Meg. His mind screamed again to run. To surrive. To escape.
Dean studied the beer in his hand as he soaked in some sun on the back deck. He sighed as he watched the clouds float overhead. His back was feeling a bit better. The itching, the pulling sensation was still there but not as bad as it was. He shifted as he wrapped his lips around the beer. He was not used to relaxing but he could get used to it. The screen door opened and shut with a rattling slam. He looked up to see Clair walking up to him. He waved at her as she sat beside him in another chair. “What’s up?” He asked her.
He nodded at him. “I’m going to uh, put this stuff up and get started on dinner.” He sat the stuff on the counter and slipped upstairs and stashed the condoms in his nightstand. He sighed. He was probably making assumptions. Castiel was probably just flirting. He walked downstairs and into the kitchen.
“Really? He wanted stuff for us before himself?” He shook his head. “Well, when I was a kid I would have asked for a crap ton of toys but whatever.”
Sam stared at his laptop. He was on the hunt for well, a hunt. They hadn’t been on one in a while and Sam knew that sooner or later Dean was going to start getting anxious about being in the Bunker for so long. He read over the reports looking for something, anything. Soon, he found what sounded like a vamp nest. He scooped up his laptop and went on the hunt for Dean. Last he saw him, Dean had said he was going to watch a movie with Cas in his room. Sam started down the hallway where their rooms were and stopped in front of Dean’s room. He raised his hand to knock but stopped. Castiel and Dean were well in a relationship of some sort. Sam more than a couple of times worried about walking in on the couple. He licked his lips. Truly it was a problem. He didn’t care that they were together but he did care about their privacy… and not wanting to walk in and see one of them naked.
He chewed his lower lip. Truly, he did. He all but destroyed heaven. It failing now… it was his fault. The weight of the guilt was heavy. He didn’t know if Jack could make more angels or if he would but if he could get a few out… it would ease the burden on heaven and on Jack. “We should,”
“Or he was getting paid off by The Collector. It seemed like it had to be a multiple man operation. You know, the sheriff could help him hid the bodies get family off the trail…”
“You’ll see, honey.” He said as he looked over his shoulder with a smile. He walked them to the front down and paused. “Close your eyes.”
Dean’s jaw practically hit the floor. “Uh, ye-yeah sure… I’ll, uh, call you.” He was so stunned he forgot how to speak for a second. He stumbled away from the booth and heard Castiel greet another customer with gusto. He looked back at him and their eyes locked again. Castiel grinned at him. A grin that made his dick twitched with excitement. Castiel gave him a wink and the ‘call me’ gesture. He blinked and stumbled further away. He looked at the jar and got out his phone and put Castiel in his contacts before the ink rubbed off the jar. He couldn’t wait until this coffee date. He grinned ear to ear. This coffee date was going to be amazing. He could just feel it. This was the start of a beautiful relationship.
“I’ve done them before.” He chuckled as he snapped the gloves for emphasis. “Not with hot pink gloves though.”
“Well, I like almost every genre to an extent. I can’t say that I like one over the other. Though I will admit I usually find myself on the pop music station.”
“Okay, Cas.” He smiled as Castiel left the room. He finished packing his bag and headed tot eh garage.
The meal was finished and Dean was in the kitchen helping Castiel with the dishes. Dean looked into the living room to see Sam in a chair talking to Castiel’s parents as he sipped wine. Sam was so social.
“If you…” Sam licked his lips and sighed. “If you had a say in it if you valued yourself enough… would you have pursued Cas?” He asked carefully
The meal was good. They chatted about various topics ranging from TV to gardening. Dean felt more included this time and felt like an idiot for getting upset with them earlier. They weren’t monsters they were people. Gabriel asked him a lot of questions about his restaurant and he was happy to answer them. He even gave him a few ideas about doing baked goods and promised to send him a few recipes. Apparently, Gabriel enjoyed making sweets.
Dean whistled. “Now that is a book store.” He looked over at Castiel after he parked the car. “Don’t get lost.” He teased
Sam wasn’t any closer to freeing Cas than he was before. He sighed as he stared at the book in front of him. He looked up at Rowena who was thumbing through the book of the damned with a smile on her face. A few years ago, this scenario would not be happening. Help from a witch, let alone help from Rowena. Willingly. He smiled softly. He would probably never get over the guilt of killing her, but watching her change from a selfish woman to someone who almost gave a damn was… pleasant.
Castiel stood up and took his plate to the sink. “Sure friends.” He finished off his coffee. “I am going to take a shower.” He stormed off towards the bathroom leaving Dean looking confused in the kitchen.
The two of them finished their cocoa in silence. Castiel was still shocked that Dean wanted him to stay with him. He had figured once the snow melted he was going to back to the park. But this was way better than he could have hoped for. An actual roof over his head, warm food, and good company. A brief fear that the arrangement had strings attached washed over him until he squashed the idea down like a bug. No, Castiel wasn’t going to live in fear because of the past. That just gave it power and he was trying to escape it. He had a life to live and it was time he started living it.
Dean felt a shiver go down his spine. He sat down with him. “So, uh, I’m going to start this by saying that I’m not very good at talking.” He chuckled. “But, uh, listen, man I…” He took in a deep breath. He wasn’t going to beat around the bush. Sure, he might ruin everything but life was about taking risks he learned this when he took over his dad’s business. “I like you.” He shook his head. “No, that’s too basic. I really like you.” He slowly reached out and took his hand and squeezed it. “I want to have a relationship with you. I thought you know that I should hold back my feelings… you are my employee and all plus everything that happened to you…” He trailed off
Castiel watched him head up the stairs. He started the water in the sink. While it was getting filled he snuck to the coat rack and retrieved the ring box he was hiding in there. He looked at the ring one more time. It was perfect. He decided he loved the simplicity of it. He turned off the sink as he walked by and made his way downstairs. He had observed that Dean didn’t go down there often so he could hide it here and he wouldn’t find it.
“Ah, yes.” Castiel said. He picked up the rest of his clothes and folded it over. “I have some bags in the tent too.” He walked into the tent and came out with a few plastic bags and laid his clothes in it.
He felt tears prickle the back of his eyes. He nodded and chuckled. He wasn’t going to cry in front of him. He heard someone walk into the kitchen Castiel was standing at the door looking shy.
“Flowers are expensive and so is the vase.” She said with a shrug. “I can just toss it all out and you can go home with nothing.”
He shook his head. “Not like you know how I feel.” He huffed under his breath as he pulled the suit out of its bag.
Dean opened up the driver’s side of the car and got in. Castiel followed suit on his side. As Dean started the car, Castiel happened to realize this was the first time he had ridden in the car fully human. He had been in before when he was mostly human back during the apocolypse. But now it seemed different somehow. The sounds of Led Zeppelin filled the car as they drove out of Lebanon.
He nodded and Dean removed the shirt. Castiel moved away from his neck and started to work on his chest. Dean was painfully hard in his pants. “Ugh.” He groaned. He felt Castiel’s hand on his belt buckle.
“I thought you were doing a best man speech?” Claire said as she started setting out vases. Castiel joined her in her efforts.
Castiel kissed Dean along his neck. Dean got weak in the knees ready to collapse and just let Castiel do whatever he wanted to him. “Cas.” Dean gasped as Castiel sucked on the pulse point on his neck. Dean touched the bottom of Castiel’s shirt and searched his eyes for permission.
Dean stared at his phone that evening waves of nervousness and worry washed over him. He and Castiel had planned to have dinner, a nice dinner for Dean to get to know Claire after the debacle at the tasting event. He looked at the phone with his mouth half-opened…. Castiel’s mother wanted to come to dinner. Good lord, now Cas’s mother wanted to be involved. He chewed his lip as he read the text. Cas wanted to know if it was okay? He wasn’t sure if it was. He wanted to make a good impression on Naomi Novak but he wanted time to prepare for meeting her again. She was a little intimidating to Dean. He looked over at Sam who was channel surfing with his laptop laying on his lap. He had an idea. “You got any plans tomorrow, Sammy?” He asked
The walk down memory lane with the Novak family was pretty entertaining. Usually, Dean would have rather been shot in the foot then do something like this but they were good at telling stories. They filled Dean on who was who and what was going on that day. Chuck embellished more than a couple of times much to what appeared to be Naomi’s annoyance. Despite everything, Dean realized that Castiel’s family was accepting and including him and that meant the world to him. He slipped his hand into Castiel’s and held on. It felt weirdly perfect. It had been so long since he had a proper family like this.
“Yeah, I’m fine now. I just needed a minute.” He confessed. “I was… I suddenly felt overwhelmed and I needed some air.”
He tried not to roll his eyes at her. At least she wasn’t as mouthy as Claire was. He noticed Sam, Benny, and Garth at a table. He headed their way. “I see the only ones working today is Cas and Alex.” He teased as he leaned on Sam’s shoulder.
“It’s a party for Sam.” Castiel said as he made Dean turn around and face him. He fixed his hair and smoothed down his jacket. “You got this. You have been practicing the speech for weeks now.”
“I’m uh, I’m here I guess.” He gestured at the coffee pot. “Have yourself a cup. Jody went to work and none of the girls have gotten up so…”
Dean eased the car beside the pump and Castiel was out of the car as soon as Dean put it in park. He shouted something at him that he didn’t hear as he made his way into the store. The stiffness in his legs easing up he all but ran over a man as he made into the bathroom. He let out a sigh as he relieved himself. This by far was the worst part of being human. After he finished up, he washed his hands and headed into the store. His stomach growled when he smelled the subs being baked in the adjoining restaurant.
The others put their cards down and headed to the living room. Castiel looked at Dean. “I can ask mother to give you some cold medicine.”
Doubts he had about their relationship were fizzling out. Dean knew that Castiel held concerns about being in a long-term relationship but here he was by his side every step of the way. When Dean looked into Castiel’s eyes all he saw was pure love. Love for him, love for being with him.
He got up from the floor wincing some. He wiped his mouth and swallowed. Castiel’s eyes grew wide there was something hot about Dean swallowing his come and he didn’t know why. “Did you like that?”
He nodded. “I hate to admit it but I haven’t really thought about how hard it is to run a restaurant.”
He raised an eyebrow. Ordinarily, Dean would answer his own phone. He must be being cautious about his driving. He picked up the phone and saw Sam’s name on the screen. He answered it. “Hello, Sam.”
Castiel dropped his bag on the floor. He took off his coat and laid it on top of the bag. “Thank you.” He said it so softly and sadly. He kept his eyes down as if ashamed of it all.
“Now, now, don’t lie to me.” His voice raised a little. “We’ve known each other for a long time now.”
He shook his head. “Art… is a passion. I ain’t exactly rolling in the dough. It wasn’t until I started my little stunt that I started making enough to almost live.” He sighed. “I shouldn’t admit it. But that’s one of the biggest reasons why I stay single. It’s because I can barely take care of myself. I live with my brother. He’s a big shot lawyer, you see, he doesn’t mind but I do.” He downed his drink and waved for another. “I just wanted to get that out in the open.” He took the new drink. “So that way… you know if you want to bail now you can.”
The two of them dated for a couple of months before they got married and moved into Castiel’s house. Dean left Sam their place and helped support him through college. Dean was grateful to find someone as understanding as Castiel was who agreed that Sam needed all the help he could get to get through college. Sam was now a big shot lawyer and this party was to celebrate his brother’s success.
“Don’t ask me if I’m okay.” He sniffed. “Because I’m not. And no, I don’t want to talk about it.” He huffed. He stormed into his room and shut the door. He’d hide in here. Hide in here forever. He covered his face. He just wanted it all to go away. He couldn’t join Cas, he couldn’t replace him. He just wanted it to be over. He flopped over on his side and turned on his T.V. whatever came on was fine. He just wanted the noise to drown out his thoughts.
“Okay, calm down and listen. Dean got hurt on a hunt.” He heard her gasp. “But he’s fine. I didn’t think that,” His mind provided an image of Dean broken bloody begging him to let him die. “He’s fine. He’s in the hospital but he’s fine.” Claire was upset enough he didn’t need to add the part about Dean trying to let go.
They sat their baskets on the counter. The clerk whistled. “I see you boys found some treasures.” She said as she began to scan the books.
“I… God, I just need to get off.” He took Castiel’s hands and laid them on his dick. “Please,” he took Castiel’s finger and used it to smear pre-come on his cock
“Though the mall wasn’t nearly as busy as ours.” Chuck said. “Glad we were here for it.” He laughed. “Last year Anna got in a fistfight with some woman over a towel set we avoided that this time.”
Chuck shifted in his seat uncomfortably. Dean couldn’t blame him there was a tenseness in the air so thick they could cut it with a knife.
“This is all of your legal documents. Birth certificate, social security card, everything you are going to need to get uh, a driver’s license.” He glanced at Dean. “And you know a… mirage license.”
This chapter underwent some heavy editing. I just didn't like how it was before. It takes place during the last chapter but in Castiel's POV before Dean has the fever dream
“Let me talk, Cas, if I don’t get it out now I may never do it. I put it out of my mind for years and years. Cas couldn’t feel that way for me. I told myself. Anytime you did something stupid, you were a smartass, you were just you, I felt the pull.” He licked his lips and let out a noise that Castiel couldn’t identify. “I feel it so much, Cas,” he smiled. “That night in the barn when you almost died I just kept thinking ‘I could have told him’ you were willing to go with me to fight Amara, you… when we hugged when I came back and before I left… I could have told you and… I worry that life isn’t going to give me another chance.” He sniffed. “I told you I needed you, I… I suck at words and I’m scared… scared that I will lose you again but…” He looked into his eyes, tears floated in them. “I love you, man.”
“If that’s how you want to do it.” Dean stood there and watched as Castiel soaped up his hands. There was something so sexy about his hands. Castiel began to lather up Dean’s body. He did his chest, then his arms, and then he worked down his legs and finally his package. Dean was glad they had already gotten off or this would have been a very interesting moment between them.
He stared at him. His gaze was intense again. “Dean,” He trailed off then sighed. “I’m not ready to… to uh, talk about it yet.”
He shook his head. “Oh, no, no, honey, she isn’t bothered in the least by my sexual orientation. It’s because you are dating me. She’s got high standards for who can date her children.”
There was a knock at the door. The two of them separated. Castiel frowned he wanted to continue to have this moment with Dean.
She shook her head. “Not a hell of a whole lot. Something about them going missing while on that mountain.”
Dean took a fry off his plate. “That was for earlier.” He winked. “I was thinking since you are a responsible adult unlike our last dish washer; maybe you can learn other positions. You know, move around the restaurant some.”
“Hmmm.” Dean made a noise. Maybe he wasn’t as good as he thought. “Well, we are here.” He pulled out his phone. “Sammy sent a text he got us a cabin under the name Smith.”
“Dean, what should we do with these?” Castiel asked holing out a bunch of wipes with a frown on his face.
“Because I love you!” Dean shouted. Tears gathered in his eyes. He choked them back. “I can’t,” He sniffed. “I can’t standby and let you throw your life away.” He shook his head. “No, we are going to fight back.”
“Yeah… my brother is a director in the porn industry. He’s here doing autographs and such.” He felt his face redden
Dean looked up from the sink. “Good, sorry I didn’t think to get him one before.” He dried off his hands and looked at Castiel and smiled. “He really needs one so he can stay connected.”
She told him to have a nice day and Dean left feeling confused and nervous. He looked over the jar of honey and sure enough on the back was a story about the family farm.
“So we understand, this is a search, not a rescue, if you find one of the missing then call out. Then we will call the proper authorities. They have been in the woods for a while now, they are probably starving and might be freezing. Time is of the essence, if they aren’t found then we need to start considering this a recovery operation.” Sarah said. She sighed. “Are we clear?”
“I know.” She said softly. She nodded at the box. “How about instead of you glaring at the cake you help me and Donna with the decorations?”
Castiel patted his son’s shoulder. “Jack, while it is nice that you want stuff for uh, us… I think Santa is supposed to bring stuff that you want.” Sam and Dean had filled in the rest of the details about Santa did after breakfast. He realized now it was a way for parents to get information about what gifts they wanted and they got cookies out of it. He wanted to participate in this Christmas tradition with his son as well.
“How about we take your car, Dean?” Chuck said. “I uh, really want to ride in it.” He sounded so excited like a little kid
“Here.” She was sitting in the back of the room. She had blond hair that was long and had a single braid in it. Heavy make-up in Dean’s opinion. She looked like someone who was trying really hard to look tough.
Castiel tilted his head. “Set this up?” Then he paused. Sam had suggested that he take the moment to tell Dean how he felt. Was Sam trying to push Dean into it too? He stared at the swim trunks
Castiel slowly worked him open. He was unsure at first but quickly gained confidence with the sounds of Dean’s groans growing louder and louder with each thrust. “Do you think you’re ready?” His voice was lust-filled. Dean wasn’t sure how long he would last now
Castiel walked into his room. His room was a few doors away from Dean’s. He had begun to settle down in the room. He had gotten a TV, Dean had gotten him a shelf for some books and knick-knacks. He opened his dresser and removed his bag. He needed to pack things. He wasn’t used to having to take a bag with him on hunts. He picked out a few pieces of clothes. The brothers had bought him a lot of clothes, perhaps too many clothes but he had clothes now. There was a knock at his door. “Come in.”
Her head jerked up. “What?” She shouted. “Who are you and why are you here?” She jumped out of her chair snarling at them.
“Well, uh, the empty took him. After we beat Chuck… Jack got him back from the empty. It wanted to sleep so he exchanged it sleep for Cas and a few other angels. After that it’s… Cas hasn’t been around much.”
“Hmm,” Bobby started. “Got to appreciate someone that likes books, maybe he can get you to broaden your horizons.”
Castiel loaded up his old outfit in the bag. Being human, he had learned very quickly that sitting around in a suit all the time was not very comfortable.
“Thank you, that means a lot to me.” He picked up his bacon and chewed it with a crunch. “But how about we eat first then talk.”
He laughed. “You poor son of a bitch.” He laughed again. “So which hot chick conned you into leaving your house? Was it the burnet I saw talking to you?”
Sam immediately wrapped Dean into a big hug. “Dude, you’re starting to scare me. You can’t… you just can’t close yourself off. You haven’t ate or slept since we beat Chuck. Hell, I don’t think you’ve been inside since you… searched for Cas.”
“I miss my own Cas so much.” The other Dean said with a sigh. “I wanted to recapture what I had lost. Maybe start over with this Cas.”
Naomi got up from the table and walked up to Dean. She embraced him in a hug and whispered in his ear. “I am so sorry about what happened.”
“I know… it’s well, I thought since you wanted to be a writer you would like a typewriter. I know you don’t really like tech so I figured maybe you would like to write on this… and if you don’t then it will make a hell of a decoration.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I just want you to know, Cas, that I support you. I want you to start writing that novel you wanted to write.”
“No, it… it doesn’t bother me.” He laid his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Cas, listen to me, I am happy for you and Dean.”
“Dean,” Castiel took his hand as Dean tried to fix his hair. “It will be okay. You need not worry about your appearance. Mom and Dad have already seen you, they know you, and you don’t need to make a first impression.”
He nodded. “It was draining but I did it. It’s asleep now and hopefully stays that way.” He looked at them. “We are ready, Jennifer!” he called out
“No, I mean it, I am in love with you, Cas. You said… what you wanted you can’t have. Well, that’s a lie. You can have me. However you want me. You can have it. I’m fine with it. I’m handing myself over to you, Cas.”
“I… I don’t blame you but thanks for giving me the chance.” He unlocked the car door for him. “So why me then?”
He was panting. He didn’t want to calm down he wanted Dean. He went for him again this time latching onto Dean’s neck. He let out a throaty groan as Castiel nipped and sucked at his neck. The taste of Dean was overwhelming. He wanted, he lusted for Dean in a way he had never wanted before. Angels didn’t want, they didn’t lust, they did they were told. But as a human, Castiel was filled with unknown emotions, things he couldn’t understand, and here he was lusting after Dean in ways he had never understood before. He groaned as he enjoyed the sensation of Dean on his lips. He was satisfied but he wanted more. More from Dean he wanted everything.
He guided himself to Dean’s hole. His tip was against the rim. He licked his lips and nodded at Dean. “Okay.” He slowly eased himself in his tip entered then soon his whole cock.
“You pick whichever ball you want.” The young woman said. “Clubs are over there the tallest ones are up top.”
“What?” He almost spilled his drink. He wasn’t expecting this man to talk to him after his display of… awkwardness. Though the conversation was still young, the man could easily leave at any time.
They enjoyed one another’s company as they drove. They talked idly about various things: the road, Cas’s family, books, and music. Overall, it was a good trip. Dean noticed though the closer they got to Kansas city the more nervous Castiel became. His nervousness was thick in the air. It hung in the cabin of the car almost choking Dean with it’s looming presence. It was making him nervous.
He looked up at him his big blue eyes captured his green ones. “I work hard. No sense in dragging things out.” He laid the rag on the side of the sink. “I get my work done when it needs to be done.”
He decided not to dig into it. It was Castiel’s personal business and if the man wanted to talk to him about it he wanted him to be ready. “I see. Well, I will appreciate any work you give me until you decide to move on. Just give me two weeks in advance so I can get a replacement.” He stood up. “We will have to do paperwork first to make it official. I’ll be back.” He walked back to the kitchen and to his office. He picked up the new employee paperwork. So Castiel had no intention to stay for long? Dean licked his lips. So did that mean he didn’t stand a chance at having a relationship with him? And judging by Castiel’s tone there was something deeper going on than him being minus a house. Worry ate at Dean as he walked back to the dining room. What was he getting himself into? Dean sat back at the table with the paperwork. He handed Castiel a pen. “Okay, here is the application.”
Castiel looked up at the sign and frowned. “Hell of a thrift?” He asked. “What type of  name is that?”
“Nothing just seemed weird is all. Must be new in town. Well, I’ll see you later. If something else comes up you know who to call.” He left the office
He patted his chest breaking away from his lips. His mouth was so close to his he could feel his breath on his lips. “Cas, I…” He breathed his plush lips gently brushing against Castiel’s as he spoke. “I feel so stupid…” He looked into Castiel’s eyes. “You… you were talking about me earlier?”
“You were having a nightmare or something last night so I got him and put him in your arms. I don’t know why you didn’t bring your bear. You don’t sleep well without it.”
“Alright, we are going.” He took Castiel by the shoulder as they left the restaurant. “Guess you aren’t hitting that either. Sorry, pal.”
Dean sped up. He was focused on making Castiel feel good. The car filled with the sounds of their groans and moans. And Dean could only focus his attention on Castiel. His Castiel. He was the one making him feel this way. It was a powerful feeling knowing that he could make a person become so undone.
“Oh, yeah, you called your siblings didn’t you?” He felt bad for leaving Castiel alone during such a rough time. He knew he wanted his support.
He headed down to the laundry room. He stopped and stared at Dean. He was asleep on the couch now. He smiled. His sweet Dean. He headed into the laundry room. His life would be full of tender moments like this. The two of them together made on hell of a team. He got the first load of laundry going and joined Dean on the couch.
He turned the car into their driveway. He parked it and turned off the engine. His car was so loud most likely Castiel’s parents probably heard him pull in.
The four of them started to get the tree up as the music played happily in the background. The lights went on each twinkling merrily, then the ornaments as Dean laughed and held up the angel one telling everyone it was supposed to be Castiel.
Dean sat his bags on the bed of Jody’s guest room. It felt… strange to be there. It had been a long time since the last time he and Sam had stayed with her. Seemed even stranger without Sam. He scratched at his back, the stitches were now pulling and itching freshly made skin. He couldn’t wait to get the damn things removed, with the itching, the pulling, and the pain it was well, a pain in the ass. He frowned at the bed. He wanted to heal at home. To hide in his room and watch Netflix and eat bad food. But Sam wanted him out of the Bunker. His mind drifted to the Bunker, to the dungeon, and Cas being taken. His heart wrenched. Sammy had a point, him staying there was not a good idea. His mind would bring up that night anytime he’d be in there. He cursed under his breath. What about later? What about after he healed? His heart wasn’t going to magically heal. He knew that. He lost his mom at four and the pain was still just as strong when he was twenty-four as it was then. He wore his heart on his sleeve. Which was the problem. He loved too hard, too fast. Cas was gone, he needed to accept that. He sat on the bed and put his face in his hands. He wished Cas was here. He wished Cas could tend to his wounds. He wished he had told Cas that… He needed to stop this. He was only going to make the pain worse. He stood up and opened the suitcase.
Meg laughed. “Clarence, you sound like a schoolgirl in love over there. Daydreaming about your handsome man.”
He cut him off. “It is difficult at times. I decided a while ago I’m not going to let him rule me anymore. No more fear, no more doubts. You,” He took his hand and held it close to his chest. “You are special.” He kissed his hand. “When I was with him,”
He groaned again and covered his face. “Please tell me this isn’t going to be a repeat of when I first started dating.”
“Come on!” Sarah announced. “Officers are on their way. You two get out of here. The less the cops know the better.”
“Nothing just having a one-man pity party that Mike got in the middle of.” Dean waved in the general direction of Michael who was gone now. He rolled his eyes. Angels, they certainly loved to make an exit.
Dean got his coat and put on his boots. He headed outside it had warmed up some compared to the last few days but he could still smell the cold in the air. He got in his car and headed to Sam’s place.
He opened his mouth to speak when the overwhelming sound of voices brought him out of his deep thoughts.
She sighed. “Again, Sam, you have nothing to feel bad about. I got what I wanted, power, invincibility, and well… a small army. This is what I wanted.” She said with a smile
Dean looked down at Castiel who he was cradling in his arms now. Castiel had a smile on his face similar to how he looked when the Empty took him. Emotions hit him like a wave. “Cas.” He said softly stroking his cheek. He didn’t think he would ever get to see him again. He looked up at Michael. “Thank you.”
Castiel’s breath began to shutter. “Dean, I,” His words were lost in a loud moan that he suppressed by burying his face in Dean’s shoulder. Dean could feel his moan reverberating through his body as Castiel’s body seized up and jerked. He could feel his hot ropey come running down his hand.  Dean didn’t think he could take any more of this. He needed to get off and now. He reached for his ignored dick when Castiel grabbed his hand to stop him.
“Dean,” He groaned. His pulse quickened with anticipation. He couldn’t wait. “Dean, please,” he begged
Castiel woke up with a stiff neck. He groaned loudly as he sat up. He rubbed his eyes and realized that he had a blanket on him and Berry in his hands. He smiled fondly. Dean must have gotten a blanket and his bear for him. He yawned. The smell of fresh coffee filtered into his nose.
“I will get your drinks and a coloring page for the little guy.” He headed back up to the counter. He got the drinks and a kid’s coloring sheet. He spotted Sam who walked out of the kitchen and sent Alex on break. Sam then made a be-line right for the table with the woman and child.
Dean pulled out a blanket and laid it on top of the car. “Stargazing.” He said to him as a matter of factly. “I assume you have done it before?”
He stared at it and shrugged. “I don’t know, Dean. A pine tree is a pine tree to me. It is lovely but all the trees are lovely to me.”
Castiel sat down at the table. His face lit up at the words peanut butter and jelly. “Oh, those are my favorite. I haven’t had one in so long.” He smiled like a child.
“Why not? It is a large bed, we can both lay in and not get in each other’s way. You have shared a bed with someone before what’s the big deal?”
Castiel nodded. “It was nice to see them again.” He said softly. He laid the documents in between them and sat the stuffed dog on top of them. “I will miss them but at least now I can call them.”
She nodded. “When you were here last, it put me back to sleep. I just woke up a bit ago...” She sighed. She looked at the others with him. “It sucks.”
He got so distracted by the food he almost forgot about the presents. He picked up the vase and held them out to Castiel. “I uh, got these for you.”
Dean sucked in his breath feeling winded from the run. How did he get this out of shape? Was this another no Chuck thing? “I,” He sucked in some air
Castiel turned to see black ooze started to run down the walls. He dropped his drink “It’s the Shadow, the guardian of this place. They're after me, we have to run!” He leaped from his chair and began to run forward hoping to escape them. He glanced back to see that Crowley was behind him. He would have almost felt bad if the demon got caught between him and the Shadow. There may be no love between him and Crowley but his mind flashed to Billie screaming as the Shadow ripped her apart and he didn’t want to see it happen again. Where could they run to? There was nothing but darkness for as far as he could see. He heard an ear-piercing shriek. He dared to glance back the Shadow formed, they dripped in inky darkness, a shapeless form. They screamed as they melted back into nothing disappearing into the ground below.
“Yeah, whatever.” He moved away from the chair. “I am going to run over to Bobby’s and get Cas some more books. I’ll be back.” He headed to the door. “And do some work, Sam, set an example for our employees.”
She shook her head. “No, first of all, you have a head injury, and two it isn’t safe in these woods. You need to sit down and wait for me to come back.” She pointed at the tree where he was at. “I’ll give you my radio and you can call for help. By the time they come up here, everything will be done.”
“Oh since I got you on the phone. I need to go up to Crowley’s place to pick up something. Can you come with me?”
Castiel smirked. “No need to be nervous. This isn’t the first time you’ve done this.” He assured him. His hands went to Dean’s tie as he fixed it for him.
Dean glanced at his watch. “Dang, I didn’t realize we had been talking for so long.” He chuckled. “I think they are about to shut this thing down soon.”
They walked with Dean until they reached a clearing. First responders arrived with a set of side-by-sides. The EMTs ran up to them to take Dean. They looked him over.
“Hunting doesn’t pay diddly, boy, I ain’t got a retirement plan, I was living off food stamps! Until one day I met this vamp, he said he’d pay me a thousand dollars if I’d turn my head the other way. That’s how this operation got started. I normally, don’t shop at home. My boy, you know, the one you killed. He was on my payroll. He’d settle somewhere and catch humans and I’d sell them. Easy. Then the dumb bastard kept almost getting caught so I set him up in my backyard.”
She laughed. “Well, good glad that’s cleared up.” She finished off her drink and set the bottle down. “Man, I can’t believe that happened to you, Cas.” She sighed. “I knew there was something off with Dereck.”
Dean focused on his erection straining in his pants and the small wet spot forming. He cupped Castiel’s dick as he reached over him for the lube.
Castiel tilted his head. “I don’t understand. Shouldn’t I take care of this body by exercising? I need to keep in shape.”
He nodded. The house to themselves was a lot better. He didn’t want Cas’s family to walk in on them. It was awkward enough as is without adding more to it. He kissed Castiel and pulled him closer. His cock ached with need. He kissed him deep and longingly. Castiel’s member brushed against his. Dean arched up to meet the friction but Castiel pulled away. He let out a growl of frustration. He wanted him so badly he didn’t think he could stand it.
“He meant more to me.” He mumbled but judging by the way Sam blinked he had heard it. He scoffed. “Never mind don’t worry about it.”
“Hush and let me finish my thought, please, if I hadn’t gotten with him and ended up homeless. I wouldn’t have met you.” He caressed his face again. “Dean, I… I think we were meant to be together. I have never felt this way about another human being in my life.” He sighed. “Dean, I love you.” He knew that now. He loved Dean with all his heart. There was nothing else that could explain these feelings other than love.
“God, I needed that.” He said as he buttoned up his shirt. “I don’t think I could have waited until we got home.”
Sam’s head was spinning as he left the room. All this time he had thought something was going on between Cas and his brother. He just never asked. Never really thought about it until today. He didn’t want to think about it too hard though. He chuckled. He thought he had seen Dean checking out Cas hell, even a few other guys from time to time. He wanted his brother to be happy though. Dean deserved it, Dean needed it. He fought so hard for everyone else he needed it.
Castiel looked a bit hurt. He sighed into his beer. “Yes, you’ve made it fairly clear over the years.” He shook his head. “I’m going to,” He set the beer down as he got up from his chair.
“I’m fine. I just want to make sure the pain meds are out of my system.” He tossed Castiel the keys. “Don’t wreck us.” He said as he walked to the passenger side.
“Thank you, Dean.” He sighed. “I have to remember to get all my important documents when I get home. I didn’t take them with me when I moved out, thank God. I actually… I left a lot of my stuff at home.” He frowned as he finished his coffee. “I was hoping… I could take it back with us.”
Castiel paused for a minute. An idea hit him. He looked around them then back at Ruby. “Do you… do you know where Meg is?”
Dean coughed as he started the car. “Yeah, uh, sure.” He backed out of the parking lot and started up the small mountain road.
Dean thought for a minute that Castiel was going to kiss him. “Y-yeah?” He asked. He leaned in for the kiss and Castiel got up from the couch which almost caused Dean to fall face-first on the cushion.
He wondered what it would be like to go on a date with Castiel. He sighed. He wanted to know more about Castiel. His body coursed with excitement as butterflies filled his stomach. Yes, there was something about this man that just got his motor running. He wanted to get to know him. He had to see him at least, though, in order to do that.
“This is my fault. If I was stronger, or paid attention.” He huffed. He stared at the cloth that was slowly growing redder. “If I was still an angel I could at least heal you. I’m so useless.”
He looked up to see Castiel running down the stairs. “Cas, listen I,” His words were lost when Castiel got to him. The beekeeper grabbed his hands.
