“This is really good,” Castiel says around his next bite and he pulls the sheets up over their legs as soon as Dean’s fully in bed.
Dean had hardly had time to sit down in an armchair and pick up an old car magazine to flick through while he waited before the nurse came running back into the waiting room.
Dean gets up from his crouch, locking eyes with Castiel. “Yeah that might be it then,” he says softly. They’re standing so close together that if it were anyone else Castiel would want to step back, but with Dean, there’s a part of him that wants to shrink the distance between them even more. He sees Dean’s tongue peek out to wet his lips. Castiel follows the movement and he sees that Dean sees him follow the movement.
He’s brought from his reflections on the effect of draught and climate change on the root systems of produce by his phone ringing cheerfully in his pocket.
Castiel is brought out of his reverie by a shrill noise. He sets down his now cold cup of tea on the windowsill and picks up his phone.
“It did,” he looks down at the flowerbed again. The beetle has disappeared and Castiel wonders if it lives under the leaves somewhere.
At dinner the same night Sam had given him the candy, Dean realized that Cas seemed to only chew his food using only the left side of his mouth.
As Dean inspects the gate, he quickly rules out trouble with the electrical wiring. Instead he points to a metal bar, Castiel pretends to follow where his finger is pointing but is instead admiring Dean’s hands.
Dean decides to take them to the smallest bathroom in the entire bunker. He hopes that if he does that, he can go in and Cas can stay outside. They manage to do that, but it’s a very close call. Cas has to stay pressed against the door frame, and when Dean has closed the door behind him, he can just about reach the toilet to do his business. On the other side of the door he can still hear Cas muttering about the fact that it’s really very unnecessary to close the door and that urinating is a completely natural process and all mammals do it as a way to get rid of metabolic waste products from the body and why should Dean be ashamed of it and force Cas to stand so uncomfortably close to the door? Dean tunes him out as much as he can. Cas still needs come in for him to be able to reach the sink to wash his hands. It is one of the most excruciatingly embarrassing bathroom experiences Dean’s had in a very long time, which really is saying something considering all his years on the road with dingy gas stations and shared motel rooms.
Castiel is starting to get used to his new life and is finding that it’s really quite wonderful. They quickly settle into a rhythm. Castiel spends the better part of his days writing, the ideas and words are coming more easily to him now, flowing out of his fingertips, quickly filling page after page in the word processor and notebooks. Elaiza brings him beverages and snacks, she makes sure that he gets up to stretch and that he doesn’t work too long hours. She learns her way around the house and around the kitchen. She is slowly but surely getting better in the kitchen after a few initial incidents of overcooked fried eggs and undercooked boiled eggs.
When they had finished eating and Dean had cleaned up in the kitchen, he went to Cas’ room and knocked on his door.
Castiel points to a drawer next to the window and bites off a piece of chocolate. Dean digs through the medicine drawer as Castiel drinks his juice, Dean had been right, the sugar’s starting to counteract the shivers and shakes even though he’s still cold. Dean finds a bottle of disinfectant; he runs a tea towel under the tap and takes another clean one out of a drawer. Then he sinks down in front of Castiel. If it had been any other time, in any other circumstance, Castiel would’ve reacted very differently to the sight of Dean kneeling on the floor before him, but as it is now, there’s absolutely no sexual charge in the air. Castiel doesn’t have it in him at the moment and Dean seems to be preoccupied with his nursing duties. Dean’s touches are sure as he pushes the torn pant leg out of the way and Castiel has a feeling that it isn’t the first time Dean’s taken care of someone’s wound. Despite both of them having been completely soaked through by the cold rain, Dean’s fingers are warm on Castiel’s skin. He takes the wet towel and cleans off some of the blood from around the wound.
“Potato, potato,” Anna says as her phone makes a little buzzing dance across the table. “Oh, that’s Michael. Samandriel, sweetie, Daddy is here to pick us up now.”
“No, that’s okay. I t-trust you Dean,” he says as Dean puts guides Castiel’s arm around his shoulders and put his own around his waist. “How did you even know how to c-come here?” Castiel is shaking now that the adrenaline from the chase is draining out of him and he’s thankful for the warmth from Dean’s body pressed up against his own.
Inside, they’re met with a partially overturned house. Furniture are broken or flipped over. A few paintings have been knocked off their hangings, glass from the frames shattered on the floor. There’s even a cracked doorpost where Elaiza must have crashed into it in her hurry to follow Castiel once she realized that he was gone.
“Hm? Thank you Elaiza,” Castiel lifts his fingers from the keyboard and takes the cup she offers him. He sips it, “Oh Dancong oolong, lovely.”
“Of course I am. I’m always right. Besides, you and I both know that there’s someone else you want. And have wanted for a really long time.”
It’s late in the evening. Castiel asked Dean to stay the following night as well, an offer he eagerly accepted. They lie curled up in yet another shimmering haze post-orgasmic bliss in Castiel’s bed when something hits Castiel.
“I told you, I don’t know. I was in Madagascar watching the ring-tailed lemurs, you know how I like when lemurs jump sideways like that, and then all of a sudden I wasn’t there anymore. I had been transported here and was sitting on your bed. Tied to you.”
“Have you changed your mind?” Dean is walking back into the garage through the garden door, fixing his gaze on Castiel. “Charlie, what have you told him? Why wouldn’t he want one anymore?”
“There we are, Elaiza, what do you think about that? Will it be sufficient?” Castiel tries to keep calm, so that she won’t be able to pin an increased pulse to his being nervous in her presence. She stands towering over him; she says that it’s to protect him from the sun so that he won’t get faint again. He looks up at her, not because he wants to, but because he feels that he has to so he doesn’t raise any suspicions. Castiel’s acting skills are really coming to a test. It’s not easy to fool an artificial intelligence.
Castiel loosens his grip a little around Dean and lowers his hips so that he can take them both in his hand and he moans into Dean’s mouth as their dicks press together in his hold and he starts to move his hand up and down the length of them, their combined precome making it slicker. One of Dean’s hands is back on Castiel’s ass, squeezing and grabbing, and the other sneaks in between them to join Castiel’s on their cocks, increasing both the pressure and the speed. Dean changes the angle a little, his wrist twisting, his finger touching Castiel’s slit and that’s all it takes for Castiel to come. He shoots over Dean’s stomach.
The next morning, he feels a lot better. Castiel’s still certain of his choice to go on with the android construction as he sits down with Charlie in the garage. There’s a crick in his neck after sleeping on the couch and he tries to rub it away as Charlie asks him question after question for the coding that’s specific for his android. She asks about how he grew up, his family, what he was like as a child, his interests, his tastes in music and literature and food, what kind of conversations he likes, his interests, his dreams for the future; all so that Charlie can personalize the code and make the beginning of his life with his companion smoother. She asks so many questions, and yet it doesn’t feel particularly invasive, more like he’s talking to a good friend. She’s not prying to be overly curious, Charlie is doing her job and tries to help Castiel by making his companion the best possible fit for him. Still, it’s a relief when Dean walks into the garage, having taken the morning off to drive his brother and his family home from the hospital.
She shrugs. “Meh, there was a risk that it would happen, but all of us in the field thought that it was so low that the advantages of everything it can potentially do for us really outweighed the risk that it would overthrow us.”
“I’m here to grip you tight and raise you from mmmph” before he could get the rest of the sentence out, Cas had put his hands around his neck and dragged Dean towards him and pulled him into a kiss. Dean was barely aware of the darkness disappearing around them, but all of a sudden, he was back on the dusty floor of the barn. He still didn’t stop kissing Cas. There was a noise in the background of Jack closing the portal. He still didn’t stop kissing Cas. He heard Sam clear his throat somewhere close by. He still didn’t stop kissing Cas. He faintly heard Sam say to the others that maybe they should wait by the car. He still didn’t stop kissing Cas. The footsteps from Sam, Eileen, and Jack grew fainter. He still didn’t stop kissing Cas. He didn’t know if he’d ever be able to stop kissing Cas now that he finally had started to kiss him. Eventually, they had to breathe. Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’.
She raises her arms and this time he has no doubts that she will strike him. This is it. She will hit him. She will kill him. He turns his head away, looking out over his garden through the rain. He doesn’t want the last thing he sees to be her as she prepares to murder him. He squeezes his eyes shut and shrinks in on himself, cowers as he braces himself for the blow.
“Sorry. I can’t, I’ve said I’m gonna go to Sam’s and babysit little Rosie so they can get a first night out, even if it’ll only be for tops an hour or so if I know them right,” Dean says. “Would’ve been nice though, maybe another time?”
Castiel leans closer, hooking his shin over Dean’s shoulder. “Hello Charlie. I’m quite well considering the circumstances, Dean’s been helping me, he saved me. He’s a hero,” Castiel feels Dean’s cheek move upwards against his own as Dean smiles. Castiel turns his head and presses a kiss at the top of his pinking ear, warm after the praise.
“Still, good choice dude! Elaiza it is,” she taps on her computer for a couple of minutes. During that time, Castiel looks around his garage. At Dean, yet again walking up to another old car, caressing it with a yearning look on his face. At what’s soon to become Elaiza, still so lifeless, even if it’s only for a few more minutes. Castiel looks at her stationary body, a skeleton of electrical wires and circuits covered in soft pale silicon, soon to be artificially warm and lifelike. Anticipation and hope build up in him. Soon. Very soon now.
The question remains. What is he going to do? He’s feeling a lot more unsure of his decision to get an android companion now than he did when he woke up this morning. What Charlie told him about how AI came to be, shifted something in him. It was like a reminder of how humanity had once again been on the brink of extinction. It’s strange to him how often throughout history that happens; if it’s not a disease or a natural disaster, mankind seems to be determined to bring itself down through war or technology. Maybe destruction of the whole species is inevitable? Can he in good conscience get an AI powered android when AI has brought so much unhappiness to so many people? On the other hand, both Dean and Charlie had pointed out that their company, while still benefitting from the advancements in the new technology, they hadn’t taken the decision to go through leading to superintelligent machines. All Charlie wanted to do with her company was to help people. And Castiel is in need of help. He doesn’t see his family often enough to lift the loneliness that hangs like a constant mist around him more than a few hours at a time. He needs someone or something to keep him company in his big house before he starts to go insane with his isolation. My CompAnIon has the ability to help. All he needs to do is to go through with it. The process has already started.
“Yeah, well if you somehow manage to convince it that the only way to the button is through you, then depending on the situation it’ll still want the button pressed or not pressed, and it’ll try to lie or manipulate you to either push the button or not to do it,” she must see his state of alarm because she adds, “But Castiel, this is all just hypothetical. It’s not gonna happen. We’ve programmed our way around these types of situations. It’d also be possible to hack yourself into a rogue AI, if your quick and stealthy enough, and hinder it like that. Or I suppose you could take a swing at it from the right angle and take it out with physical force. But as I said, it’s not gonna happen, the AI we have today is programmed to want what we want. Getting a new utility function is generally speaking rated very low on the current utility function, but the AI of today has something called corrigibility, it knows that it’s not complete and therefore it’s always up for learning new things and improving so we shouldn’t really have this problem with it malfunctioning and wanting to hurt any living creatures,” Charlie scratches at her chin, “so you really ain’t got nothing to worry about. The main utility function in our androids is that it’s going to unconditionally love their owners.”
Castiel has taken to sitting at the table in the garage with his computer, a notebook, and a growing stack of history books. Normally, he prefers to do his work in solitude, he couldn’t possibly write anything of value with other people in the same room, but right now he’s in a research phase and having company then reminds him of his time at university. No matter that the thing Dean works on is completely different than his own work. He looks up from his article on medieval forges and the paragraph on the construction of bellows to where Dean is joining small metallic parts together while humming something. Castiel tries to tell himself that he sits in the garage because it is important to him to see the construction of his companion and thereby to have a sense that he’s part of the process, and that’s the reason he keeps looking away from the articles and books. Not that he does so because he likes to look at Dean and the way he moves when he works and the way he sometimes looks across to Castiel to smile at him or make a comment about something or other. Castiel tries to tell himself that he sits in the garage for a change of working environment and it will be good for his creativity, he tries to quieten the voice in his head telling him that he’s not really doing anything creative at the moment and therefore he doesn’t need to be in a different place and that he only sits in the garage because he enjoys Dean’s company and likes to look at him a little bit too much. He tries to hush the voice when it tells him that he’s being creepy and probably way too obvious in his attraction to Dean.
Castiel smiles at their bickering, they remind him of how he can be with Anna and Gabriel when the three of them are together. “Yes of course, this way.”
“What if that happens to me? That’s what I’m afraid of. What if Samandriel or Inias get married one day and I’m there as their bitter old bachelor of an uncle?”
“Oh Deanie, don’t be such a meanie! Come on, that’s no way to speak to someone on this day of love. I think it’s time to… Hmm, yes it definitely is.” Gabriel gives the lollipop a few kitten licks before he puts it back into his mouth. He smirks and snaps his fingers. The length of the ribbon shrinks so much that it’s just the loops around their wrists left of it. Dean’s right arm is now pressed flush against Cas’ left and Dean feels the soft skin of the back of Cas’ hand rubbing against his own when Cas moves. Shit. This is
“Whacked its head off,” Dean says and one of his hands leave Castiel’s face as he turns to point to Elaiza. Castiel follows his finger. Her severed head lies a couple of feet from her body, the electrical wires and cables poking out of her neck sparking a little where the raindrops hit them. Castiel’s gaze move to the left and on the ground, he sees a long metal bar.
Dean frowns again, “Hey, you should never apologize for a panic attack. Don’t apologize for things you can’t help, okay?” He keeps his hand on Castiel’s back, moving it to squeeze his shoulder to emphasize his words.
“Prank him? Yeah, definitely. Take care of him? I tried.” Dean takes his coffee cup from the table and stretches his legs out. He looks out over the garden, but Castiel doesn’t think that he’s really seeing the rhododendron bushes and their purple flowers. There is a distant look on his face, like he is far away. Dean is quiet for a few moments and then he says, “Sam and me, we’re four years apart and when we were kids our family moved around a lot. Dad was a contractor so we kinda went were work was. He built stuff and Mom took care of us and did odd jobs here and there. We never had that much money and since we moved so much, we were always the new kids in school. Never really got to settle down anywhere. But we always had each other.”
“It’s a Bentley Speed Six from 1928. I believe it’s raced at Le Mans. It was my great uncle’s favorite, but he never got it to work so he quite frankly spent a lot of time sitting in it and simply pretending to drive.”
Castiel glances at Dean. He shakes his head. “No thank you, but do you think you could continue watering the plants in the kitchen garden?”
“Not that I think you’d trip over your own feet like that, Castiel, and then try to sue us for everything we’ve got. You don’t seem like the type to do that,” Charlie says with a smile over her shoulder from where she’s sitting on the floor.
They spend the morning hours in bed, luxuriating in each other’s warmth, every touch still precious and filled with awe in its newness. They trade slow kisses and listen to the soft pattering of the rain.
“Thank you Samandriel. I like it very much, I’ll put it on your wall with the rest, okay?” Castiel places the drawing on the kitchen table before he follows his sister and her sons to the front door. He kneels down on the floor to help Samandriel put his shoes on, the boy may already be a skilled artist – at least in his uncle’s eyes – but tying the laces on his shoes is a task that is still a little too difficult for him to do on his own. Castiel walks them out, carrying Samandriel’s koala in one hand and holding his small hand in the other. Samandriel explains very seriously that it is a great honor for Castiel to be allowed to carry the koala and that Uncle Gabriel is absolutely not allowed to even touch her, not ever ever, because once he thought that they should draw eyebrows on her and that’s not right and not kind because if Samandriel is not allowed to draw on his little brother, why should he be allowed to draw on his koala? Castiel blinks a few times but is unable to find any way to poke holes in the logical reasonings of a five-year-old, instead he settles for helping Samandriel into the car. He exchanges some pleasantries with Michael, places a kiss on Inias’ forehead, and hugs Anna goodbye.
(The confetti keeps falling for several hours. It’s like some kind of Barbie-snow, but thankfully it’s only in the kitchen. They sweep it up later, wanting to get rid of it before Sam comes back home. And if Dean scoops up some of the hearts to put in a drawer and keep as a memory of the final push they needed to get together at last? Well, then that’s between him and Cas…)
The following morning Dean called the dentist and luckily, they got an appointment the same afternoon. After lunch Dean drove them into town in the Impala. They stepped into the dentist’s office and walked up to the receptionist. Dean tried to give her a winning smile.
Her voice is smoother than Castiel had expected. Softer. When she moves, one movement flows into the next in a way that reminds him a little bit of a big cat. His pulse is racing. Finally.
“Hm. It doesn’t look that bad actually. Not that deep, so you won’t be needin’ stitches or anything so that’s good,” he says and adds with a small smile, “I think you’ll pull through Cas. It‘s probably still bleeding because you moved around for so long, putting weight on your leg.”
Charlie lets go of Castiel and gets into the passenger seat. Dean is still looking at him as he takes a step closer to Castiel.
“Why? I’ll come inside in a little bit. It’s not that far, it’s not like I’ll get lost on the way.” Castiel laughs nervously.
Cas lifts his left hand; a pink ribbon is attached to his wrist. It curls in a few loops on the mattress before it disappears under Dean’s pillow. Dean sits up very quickly. The other end of it is looped around his own right wrist.
“Ah, I see,” Castiel says, even though he doesn’t understand at all what they’re talking about. All of a sudden, he has a desperate need to turn their vivid curiosity away from his books and whatever might happen to its characters, and to any other subject under the sun. He looks down slightly and his eyes catches on the My CompAnIon logo on Dean’s chest, Castiel is instantly reminded of the fact that they are there on a work mission that he is paying them for. He figures that shop is always a good conversation point. “The man I spoke with at your company, Aaron, who took care of all initial screenings and did my consultation, he said that you’ll want an area to work in. That you could do it at the company’s premises, but that it would be preferrable if work was to be done here. Is that right?”
When he saw Sam’s long arms wrap around Eileen, the joy and relief radiating out of Sam made Dean smile. It was the first time since Cas had been taken by the Empty that he had been able to smile, it was small and filled with pain, but it was still a smile. He was happy for his brother but seeing him reunite with Eileen just made him ache for Cas even more. He closed his eyes and sighed as Cas’ words echoed in his mind, he wondered if there would ever come a day where he wouldn’t hear them all day and dream about them all night. He sighed again.
Castiel makes a face as he throws his phone away so that it lands in the blue armchair to the left of the couch. The last thing he hears before Balthazar ends the call on his side, since Castiel didn’t do it on his, is his overexcited laughter. He turns back to the TV. It’s showing a commercial for a taxi service with self-driving cars, artificial intelligence certainly is worming itself into all parts of society. Castiel turns off the TV, having long ago lost what little interest he had in the drama of inaccurate procedural crime he tried to keep up with when Balthazar called.
“Thank you, Elaiza. I appreciate that,” he says and his grateful smile is accompanied by a growl from his stomach.
Anna gasps, “No! She didn’t! Oh Castiel you know you shouldn’t listen to that old woman, she went weird in the head years ago. She’s always been a shrew and it’s only getting worse! What did Dad say?”
“Castiel, my sweet if you stop now, I may forgive you for trying to leave me. If you stop now, I can carry you back to the house, I can take care of your wounds.”
“Aha! I suppose that it’s the mechanic named Dean who’s working for you? No wonder you can feel the creative juices flowing as well as some other juices.”
As Castiel places his hand on the door handle, ready to sprint for freedom, there are footsteps nearing on the gravel on the other side of the front door. He dives through the open door leading to the small library leading off the entrance hall, heart beating speedily in his ears. He grabs the first book his sweaty hand can reach and flips it open, unbelievably thankful when he sees that it’s one of the many books he owns about medieval history. He should be able to talk himself out of this.
When they at last pulled into the bunker’s garage, Dean parked and got out of the car. He walked around to the passenger’s seat and opened the door, waiting for Cas to step out. Cas did so and then he stood very still looking down at the floor, opening and closing his mouth a few times.
“I don’t know yet. Depends on how it develops, when he gets better, but knowing Joseph it’ll hopefully be with his usual military precision.”
Castiel makes a face, glad that Anna can’t see him, he’s always found her in-laws to be incredibly uptight, “Yeah. So are you going out there?”
Dean blinked a couple of times, trying to process the last few minutes. Had he really suggested to Jo that they should kiss again? Jo liked Victor? Jo knew about his feelings for Cas? But most importantly, did she really imply that he might have a chance with Cas? He looked around the room and saw that several of his friends were already starting to pair up, even though it was almost ten minutes left until the clock turned twelve. Scanning the room, he realized that he hadn’t seen Cas in a while and he suddenly felt a rush of urgency to find him. Even if he probably wouldn’t be brave enough to kiss him at midnight, he still wanted to spend the last minutes of this year and the first of the next with Cas.
“Sonuvabitch! I swear, if that fuckin toaster has touched those beautiful cars, I’m gonna whack its head off again!”
“Dean, from what I’ve seen throughout history, pink doesn’t need to be a feminine color. In fact, artists often depict baby Jesus dressed in red or pink and Mary in blue in paintings, and in the 18
It never ceases to astonish Castiel how Elaiza can access any information at an instant. He finds it fascinating, but at the same time, it’s also a tad disturbing to spend time with someone who always can find any fact in the world at the drop of a hat. Practical yes, but it’s also disturbing. And it’s annoying that he never gets to speculate, never gets to have philosophical debates, it’s always here is the fact, this is the way it is, this is the most efficient way, this is correct. It’s annoying.
“Hello Elaiza. It’s so nice to have you here now. I’m sure we’ll be fine friends,” he smiles at her and after a moment she smiles back.
“Come for me Dean,” Castiel says as he keeps stroking Dean until he comes with a broken moan that sounds like Castiel’s name, their come mixing on his abdomen.
The first time that Dean noticed it was when he handed Cas a beer in the bunker’s kitchen when they just had come back from a hunt. Cas didn’t do as he usually did, immediately tipping the bottle back and taking a long pull. That meant that Dean wasn’t able to indulge in one of his favorite hobbies, staring at Cas’ long neck while he was busy drinking. He’d always appreciated a good-looking neck, and Cas’ really was something else. So he had a bit of a neck kink? Sue him, there wasn’t anything wrong with that. You know, apart from the awkwardness that came when you constantly ogled your friend. Your very, very good looking, now human friend.
“Yes, it’s borax.” Castiel smiles. “It’s an old Middle English spelling, originating from Latin. All that time I spent at university bent over old manuscripts and documents comes in handy when it comes to naming things in ‘
And then the day and the hour has arrived at last. The final day. Dean is done with the construction of the android and Charlie is done with the programming. She is beautiful. A marvel of engineering and mechanics. The three of them stand around her, ready to put in the final finishing touches and be done.
They sit in the living room, Charlie in the blue armchair, and Dean and Castiel on the couch. The rain has slowed to the occasional drop and in the shrubbery outside the window sits some kind of passerine bird, tweeting hesitantly but cheerfully.
“Hey, buddy, I missed you” he said and pulled the dog into his arms, burying his face in Miracle’s fur. A faint buzzing and a sharp intake of breath made him look up. Sam had pulled his phone from his pocket typing rapidly.
“Yeah, well. These days your options are kinda limited if you’re a mechanic. They took over the car repairs and they took over the building of machines and planes and ships. There aren’t that many jobs for human mechanics anymore,” Dean’s voice is bitter, the voice of yet another person who lost his work in the fourth industrial revolution. “I’m really lucky that I have Charlie as a friend and that she wanted to bring in human mechanics. You know, despite everything, what they’re doing, they want to help people. To make people a little less lonely, to make lives easier. Did you know that for every android that someone pays for, they donate one to care homes for the senile? One that the old ladies and gents can talk to endlessly and that won’t tire of hearing the same stories over and over again. I trust them, and that what they’re doing with the company is a good thing. Charlie, Aaron, and Kevin, they’re good people,” Dean gives Castiel’s shoulder one last squeeze before he finally removes it and rises to his feet. Castiel misses the warmth of it immediately. “You ready to head back in?”
“But can’t you stop it? If it’s about to do something to hurt a human, couldn’t you press a button or something in the same vein?” You have to able to stop an AI, right?”
“I have made up my mind,” Castiel gives his sister a determined look over his kitchen table. His face grows melancholy as he watches her rock her youngest son in her arms. “I’m just so tired of being lonely. All my friends are paired up. And my siblings. I see you with Michael and the kids and you look so content. And now with Gabriel remarried and away on honeymoon, it’s gotten worse than ever. I hated going to the wedding alone, it felt like all our relatives were talking about me behind my back. I actually heard Great Aunt Naomi say to Dad ‘It’s so nice to see Gabriel getting married again, he needs someone to reign him in. And Anna is so good with her sons. But Castiel, oh that child! He never did grow out of his awkward phase, did he? Dragons and knights and demons and other nonsense! No wonder that that April woman left him. Chuck dear, I always thought that it would be your middle one who would be the worst headache, despite all of Gabriel’s antics.’”
Then Dean does something which completely surprises Castiel; he starts to peel off his own drenched clothes, revealing more freckled skin and a muscular back. He glances over his shoulder and when he sees Castiel staring at him, he says “What? I’m also cold and wet.” He tugs off his jeans, keeping his underwear on. He shakes the pants out and hangs them over the towel rack to dry. Castiel can’t take his eyes off Dean.
“Yes. We think that we can use it to open a portal into the Empty if we combine it with an old spell we found in one of Rowena’s books.”
, but now he’s unable to put any of it into words. It’s not really an idea yet, more the impression of an idea, or the idea of an idea. He scrubs a hand through his hair and down his face, hearing the rasping sound of his hand moving over his stubbled cheek. The document is still as empty as it was two hours ago. In a moment of frustration, he slams the lid shut and gets up, and after a glance at the clock he decides that he has time for a quick run before Dean and Charlie are due to come back for the day’s work. Castiel has placed one foot on the other side of the threshold from his office, when he changes his mind and walks back around to his desk. He takes a pen and a small notebook to bring with him in the pocket of his running shorts, just in case the physical activity will lift the mists in his mind. After all, it has happened before and much of his best work has been written down on long walks or runs, so better safe than sorry he figures as he ties his shoes.
At the sound of a fanfare, they reluctantly pull away from each other. Not far away, just far enough to be able to look around the room and see the banner that folds out along the entire wall over the table. It says ‘Congrats on finally getting your heads out of your asses!!!’ in bright cursive letters. They also see the confetti that starts falling from the ceiling. Heart shaped confetti in shades of pink, red, and purple. But what else could they expect from Gabriel when he tied them together with that pink ribbon?
“Okay. So, in the 1960s there was this chatterbot called Eliza, it was one of the first programs that was tried for the Turing test. And since then, whenever we humans anthropomorphize any kind of computer program, like when you thank an AI or any sort of automation, we call it the Eliza effect. Really, Castiel you couldn’t have picked a better or more clever name for your AI android. I bow down to you, excellent work!” Charlie giggles again.
“Elaiza will you please do me the favor of bringing me a cup of tea? Rooibos if you please.” It’s an old trick, having her fetch something for him. Castiel has used it as much as he’s dared to do and he is hoping that it will work this time too, that she won’t see through him and refuse to leave him unattended for a moment, to give him a rare instant of solitude.
Charlie drives her car closer, and she and Dean load the parts into the back of the car. Castiel refuses to touch either the head or the body. He can’t.
“Nuh-uh, not at the same level. No way I’m as bad as you are!” Charlie turns to Castiel “So can we see the garage? You know, before Dean explodes with of anticipation?”
“Oh, wow! Man, have you been reading up on CompSci in secret? Amazing name,” she says and then hiccups a few last giggles.
“No, you’re not. I don’t think other people know how you feel, but I’ve known you all our lives and I guess I just know how to read you.” Jo squeezed his arm and what she said made Dean feel little more relieved. Maybe the entire school wasn’t laughing at him and his ridiculously huge crush on his best friend behind his back after all?
The next morning when Castiel sits down by the computer under the guise of working, but with the true intent of sneaking out a message with a plea of rescue to someone, to anyone, he finds that Internet is gone. No matter how he tries, he can’t get a connection. The sour taste of bile filled panic rises in his throat. Internet is gone. He has no link to the world outside the house.
“I don’t know, I just want it gone.” Dean lifts the scissors again and cuts it off once more. And again. And again. “Damn it!” He tries with a knife instead; the edges of the ribbon aren’t as neatly severed as with the scissors, but he barely has time to lift the knife before the ribbon is back together. He cuts it off again and this time he takes a big leap backwards, away from Cas, just as he cuts through the shiny fabric that ties them together. His hope of freedom shatters immediately when Cas is shoved closer to him at such a speed that they go tumbling down on the floor, tangled together again. Nearly all of Cas’ weight is pressed down on Dean, Cas lifts his head and looks down on him. Dean feels Cas’ breathing on his face and his eyes dart down to Cas’ parted lips. Dean’s eyes close and after forcing himself to take a steadying breath, he manages to get out “What if we try your angel blade?” His voice still sounds shaky to his own ears, but he hopes that Cas’ll put that to their combined fall and not to the proximity. He keeps his eyes shut as Cas struggles to sit up, determinedly thinking about things that aren’t his best friend’s squirming body against his own. When he looks up, he sees Cas’ face screwed up in that concentrated look he always gets when he summons his blade. Cas cuts off the ribbon and they share a bemused look when it magically glues itself back together.
“You have no idea. Whenever he got the least bit bored, he’d glue the pages to my math book together or try to get a group of ants to form a colony under Anna’s bed or fill our dad’s office with helium balloons. He means well though, if anyone at school did something against Anna or me, he’d turn all of that to them, only he’d up it with like a hundred. People learned quite quickly, and the bullies never picked on us again after a couple of Gabriel’s attacks.”
Dean didn’t really think more about Cas’ reaction until a few days later when he passed him a steaming cup of coffee at breakfast. Cas recoiled again. Then Dean saw it happen over and over again in the days that followed. Cas hissed when he drank his tea. Cas turned down an offer of getting ice cream, and he never said no to ice cream. Cas almost screamed when Sam gave him some Sour Patch Kids.
“Yeah. Most definitely,” Castiel answers, and he wonders how it would be possible for anyone not to enjoy the sight of stray water droplets finding their way over Dean’s broad shoulders and his muscular arms, the sight of them running down his strong legs.
“Mmh, not really no. There’s something called the stop button problem. Say that you have programmed you AI to make you a cup of coffee,” she says and lifts her own cup for emphasis. “And for the sake of this argument, let’s say that every time it successfully brings you that cup of coffee, it will get ten points of feel good. No problem so far, it brings you coffee and everyone is happy. Now let’s say that your android has this red stop button as a safety measure, like a wood turner or something, so you can turn it off if something’s about to go wrong. Next time it’s gonna get you coffee there’s a problem, it’s on it’s way to the kitchen, but in its way is, I don’t know, a baby or a pet or a fancy book that you for some reason placed on the floor. So you run over and you try to press the red button to stop it from crushing whatever’s on the floor, but the AI is gonna fight you on this, because it wants to get you the coffee so it can have the feel good points, right? So if you then decide to give it some points from being shut off, there are a few possibilities. One, if it gets fewer points when being shut off than getting the coffee, it still gonna fight to get the coffee, and two, if it gets the same amount of points for being shut off, it’ll just want to shut off because that’s a lot easier to do and less work for the same reward, and it’ll be a very suicidal AI.”
Dean closed his eyes. A place that was significant to him and Cas? They’d been through so much together. Heaven. Hell. Purgatory. There was one place his mind kept coming back to…
“Hello Dean. Yes, thank you, everything is fine. What a surprise, I didn’t know that you were planning to visit?” He quickly adds, “Not that it’s unwelcome, it’s always good to see you. Eehm I…”
“Dean! Dean! We think that maybe” he didn’t have time to say more because Dean had already left the room, running to the library.
Castiel hears a small ripping sound from one of the seams when he tugs it over his head as quickly as he can and he drops the shirt on his pillow. Dean’s arms are around him before he’s even let go of it, the skin on skin contact makes Castiel draw in a breath and Dean pulls him down over himself so that Castiel’s body covers his. Dean wraps his arms tighter around him and nips at his upper lip before pushing his tongue back into Castiel’s mouth. Castiel uses his arms to keep some of his weight off Dean, bracketing him in as  he worries that he might crush him, that it’ll be too much, but apparently Dean doesn’t like that because he makes a low grumbling sound as his tongue moves against Castiel’s and his hands move down Castiel’s back, finding their way back into his underwear. Dean squeezes his ass and pushes Castiel down at the same time he moves his own hips up a little, their hard cocks dragging against each other. It’s even better like this. Dean groans into his mouth and Castiel swallows the sound, feeling the patch of precome on his boxers grow. He lifts himself up a little as he ruts against Dean, just so he can lean down and bite at his collar bone and then lick a stripe along his neck, making Dean pant and stutter in his rhythm as he grinds his hips up.
At Castiel’s words, Dean looks up from his phone and almost appears to light up from within. Castiel tries to remind himself yet again that it’s impolite to stare at people simply because their genetic makeup has arbitrarily made them so much more beautiful than the average population.
“Three hours in that chair doesn’t count, besides you need to shower. You stink. And you need to drink something other than coffee. Go rest for a while.”
Charlie wipes at her own eyes with her sleeve and says, “Castiel, I’m so sorry! I- I don’t know what to say, I’m so sorry. No one should have to go through that, she must’ve malfunctioned so bad. There was a virus. Dean called me yesterday, he was here and he said that she was acting weird, so I started to look into it. I called Aaron and Kevin after a while. We looked through every single line of code we had put into her but couldn’t find anything. Kevin managed to get access to the updates she had done herself. We looked at everything and then around lunch we found something in one of her updates, somewhere it had gone wrong when a software was supposed to work on her social skills instead got to the wrong location and ended up in one of her utility functions. It was supposed to say that she should love you and help you, but it came with a virus and that somehow mutated and… oh Castiel, I’m so sorry! You were supposed to have a companion that was good for you, kind and loving! And then she threatens you and tries to kill you! I’m so-so-sorry…”
“Is that okay?” he asked the nurse. She nodded and brought him a stool so that he could sit next to the patient’s chair.
“Good, I almost thought you’re gonna say you were secretly married or something,” Dean says and bites at Castiel’s finger.
They turned to the elevator, the receptionist was still giggling, and Cas was still trying to count Dean’s freckles. Dean sighed. He was just happy that Sam wasn’t there, he would have laughed himself to an aneurysm by now. Cas had lost track of his counting while walking and was now pouting. Dean placed a hand on the small of his back and steered him into the elevator, he refused to look at Cas.
“Our androids are able to decide for themselves when they need more operating power. Say that they need a new program because they need to learn something new, I don’t know, you want the android to cook you an omelet but it has never done that before, then in that case it will establish a stronger link to its network and then download the program or find all the data needed for the task at hand. Like cooking an omelet. Or, as you probably know, three years ago Congress pushed through the permission for artificial intelligence to be allowed to drive both commercial and private vehicles. We have AI in all our company cars, but Dean doesn’t want to use it.”
“Dean, from what we’ve understood, only one person can go in after him. And it can’t be Jack because we need his powers to keep the portal open.”
“Yeah no, it’s from a movie.” Castiel can almost see the electrical circuits in her head work. At least he thinks that they are in her head, the thinking part of Elaiza might as well be down in her leg. He distractedly wonders if it would be impolite to ask.
“I have, yes. There were several instances were some of your characters appeared to speak in an illogical manner, or in incomplete sentences, and furthermore, I found a few occurrences where you, in your prose, had broken some grammatical rules. I have removed those errors from your text.”
“I see,” Rowena says when they’re done. “Castiel, when you say you were transported, did you feel anything out of the ordinary? Something you’re not used to? Anything unusual at all?”
“And according to the manuscript I found a link to and read through, it is the vicar. The story has several weak points. There is no need for such meandering story telling and so many so-called red herrings.”
“Do you have everything?” Castiel asks, his gaze flitting between Charlie and Dean. Part of him is aware that he’s trying to delay their departure, not wanting the silver van to drive away with the two people in whose company he’s spent so many hours with during the last couple of weeks. He’s come to think of them as something resembling friends, and he wishes that they had met in different circumstances, then they might’ve been able to be real friends. As it is now, he has no illusions that they actually are friends. All he’s been to them is a client for their enterprise, and come Monday, they’re off to meet with the next client.
Dean dries his hands and turns to Cas. “Okay, let’s go back to the kitchen and make some coffee. And then I think we’ll call Rowena up for a little chat.”
“’Course Cas. Why are you bleedin’? Why you walking ‘round without any shoes? What’s going on here?”
“No, I mean it Dean. I believe that most of us would like to think that we would do what you did in your situation, but not many people would. I think that you are an incredible person Dean,” Castiel says and somehow he feels nervous about telling Dean that, it’s like he’s one step away from admitting to him that he is starting to feel a lot more than just attraction and admiration for Dean. In an attempt to tame the butterflies in his stomach and to somewhat downplay what he just said, Castiel adds with a smile, “and don’t even try to protest. It was remarkably done.”
Once again, Castiel finds himself pressed against a wall as his android companion stalks ever closer to him.
“Well, then we wouldn’t be sitting here now,” Charlie’s expression turns serious. “Listen, Castiel, I get that this is a lot of new information and that it sounds like the researchers didn’t really know what they were doing. And to be honest, if it had been me leading that team, or any team working to reach the singularity, I don’t know if I would’ve gone through with it. But hadn’t it been them, it would’ve been another team. Sooner or later we would’ve reached that point no matter what. Now all we can do, is to make sure to continue to use the AI for good. That’s why I started this company with Aaron and Kevin. To help people.” She pauses. “Now that you know this, do you still want to go through with this? To have an android?”
“I say we kiss some more, you know, just to make up for lost time and then tomorrow I’m gonna take you on a date. A real one.”
“Yeah thanks for that input Captain Obvious. I kinda noticed that myself,” Dean huffs and rubs at the sore spot at his temple. “And don’t use the word ‘dismount’. Just don’t.”
Castiel looks at his own phone. “I have four missed calls from her and a message. Dean, I think you’d better call her.”
“Well he wasn’t too happy about that, but I must say that I’m very glad that I did. He’s not very tall, but now that I think about it, it might be due to a nutritional deficiency. I don’t think that I’ve ever seen Gabriel eat a single vegetable in his life and the only fruit he likes are those dipped in chocolate. And then he generally licks the chocolate off and try to throw the fruit away when he thinks no one is watching him. I have this theory that every time he goes to the hospital or the doctor’s and they want do tests, there’s not blood coming out of him, but instead some kind of syrup.”
“I told him that his visit was futile and that you were not presently at home. That you were out taking your exercise by running.”
“Yeah. But Cassie? The fact that you’re thinking of writing in a blacksmith who build things wouldn’t have anything to do with the goings-on in your house at the moment, does it? Do you or do you not have a programmer and a mechanic on site building you a very special thing?”
Dean takes the dry ones with a soft ‘thanks’ and changes into them while Castiel walks around him to get the plate. He drags the covers down and settles in before he bites into one of the sandwiches. It’s good. He hasn’t realized how hungry he is, and he moans around his mouthful. The sound causes Dean to stop in the middle of his movement, not yet in the bed with one foot still on the floor.
A burst of irritation erupts in Castiel’s chest. “Thanks for that. Not like I was enjoying it or anything.” He removes his arm from her shoulders, gets up and turns off the TV. He might as well go to bed.
Castiel’s head spins a little bit, “What if the stop button is somewhere else, not on the android, but somewhere it can’t reach it?”
Castiel turns his head and kisses down Dean’s neck, the angle is off since they’re still on their sides, he’s getting annoyed when he reaches the neckline of the t-shirt and tries to move it away in search of more skin to explore. “Off,” he says and pulls at the shirt, “you’re wearing too many clothes.”
Castiel points to his own Lincoln Continental, Dean follows the line of his finger as he continues to pet the dark green Bentley and then turns to give him a horrified look.
Charlie asks Castiel to tell her what happened with Elaiza. Castiel looks down at the tea mug in his hands, he curls his fingers around its warm ceramic. This is not an occasion for coffee; he needs the comfort only tea can bring. He inhales shakingly and starts to talk with a voice that is surprisingly steady to his own ears. He talks of how when Dean and Charlie had left after the construction, things were fantastic. He enjoyed having company whenever he wanted, to have someone who didn’t have to leave, to have someone who was always there and always willing to talk about whatever he felt like talking about and to help him with whatever he needed help with. He tells them about how at first it was almost magical how Elaiza could instantly find out anything for him, every time he wondered about something, she was right there with the correct answer. He talks about how it slowly started to bother him, that she could never leave a question unanswered and he was never allowed to speculate on anything or bounce ideas off of her. How more and more often he was told that what he did wasn’t correct, and he was wrong, wrong, always wrong. How Elaiza more and more frequently spoke of how weak and insignificant humans were with their short lives and inefficient minds.
Castiel reaches over and pushes the button on the cord to the wall lamp, it’s still so early in the spring that he needs to turn on the lights in the evenings when he watches TV. “Perhaps that’s because I
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I’ve tried to recreate some of the dishes my Mom used to cook when we were kids, but they just don’t taste the same.”
The sun beats down on Castiel where he’s crouched down in the middle of his kitchen garden. He inspects the small leaves on his early tomato varieties, the leaves are browning but it doesn’t look like blight. His herbs aren’t rooting well, and the asparaguses only came up as short nubs. No matter how much he waters before breakfast, the ground is always bone dry to the touch come midmorning. He wonders if it’s been too dry too long so the plants can’t take up enough water, smaller side roots and root hairs withered away due to lack of rainfall.
“Yes. Michael’s booking the tickets now, we’re flying out to West Point all four of us now, as soon as possible. I hope that the boys can bring some comfort to Eleanor.”
Dean had a great time. He was only a little bit drunk, the kind that just made the world seem like a happier place and made everyone funnier. He talked with Jess about her plans on becoming a nurse. He checked in with Cas. He stood next to Stevie and cheered for Charlie against Gabriel in what must have been the world’s most equal game of beer pong. Charlie finally won, but it was really close. He checked in with Cas. He danced with Lisa for a bit and then with Benny and Andrea. It was a good evening.
Castiel fell down on his bed and buried his head in his pillow. He wished that they could have spent the New Year’s Eve with Dean’s younger brother and his best friend like they had the last few years. Instead of a night filled with popcorn and joking around while watching action movies, he started to mentally prepare himself for a long night filled with loud music, speaking with people he wasn’t particularly fond of, and, worst of all, probably seeing Dean dancing with someone else, maybe kissing them at midnight. Castiel hated the feeling of jealousy. He had no right being possessive of Dean. He told himself yet again that if Dean got together with someone he was going to be happy for him, a true best friend would be happy. He thought of Iago’s line in Othello, the one about the green-eyed monster that feeds on the meat while mocking it and he knew that if he saw Dean kissing someone at midnight, his heart would break and his own green-eyed monster would consume the parts. Castiel sighed again. It was going to be a long night.
“Cas? Are you here?” Dean squinted out in the garden’s darkness. He walked down the steps onto the lawn. “Cas?” He called again.
“Great! See you in a little bit,” the cheerful voice disappears and Castiel leaves his writing office to receive the representatives of My CompAnIon.
Castiel keeps looking down at the dirt, trying to slow his breathing down as his eyes unseeingly follow a small green beetle, its movements a miniscule anchor to the present.
Dean is quiet for a long time. Castiel is starting to fear that he’s made an incredibly grave mistake. But then Dean lifts his head and looks at him, eyes big and filled with wonder. “You based a character on me? Cas, that’s really how you see me?” he asks with a small voice, like he can’t believe what he just heard.
“Ah. Yes, that is important. I’ve thought about it a lot, I wanted it to be somewhat meaningful so I thought about different names that can be spelled with an A and an I in them. I’ve decided on Elaiza.”
“So. Charlie told me that her history lesson on AI got you to tense up. Can’t really blame you for that, man, that shit’s scary as hell. I don’t really understand how they could do it if they knew that things wouldn’t go pear shaped and the things would just go Terminator on us all. They could’ve caused a friggin apocalypse.”
Castiel’s feet hurt and the wound on his right leg has opened up again, he can feel the torn pant leg getting damper with every step he takes.
“Sounds riveting. I’m thinking about breaking for lunch now, you wanna join? Or keep staring at…” Dean squints down at the page “drawings of chimneys? Seriously?”
“And yet you still work with AI?” Castiel turns to look at him, curious for an explanation. He continues to be incredibly aware of Dean’s hand, where it still rests on his shoulder. He likes the weight of it, the touch is making him feel both too hot and too cold at once, but in a different way than the panic attack did. A much nicer way. Softer.
Dean didn’t hesitate. “Deal.” He pulled off his jacket and his flannel, folding them into a square and putting them on the ground. “You need a pillow if you’re gonna sleep.”
They turn the corner into the kitchen and Castiel laughs, enjoying the thrill of having someone to share his evening with. “In a way, yeah. Come on, let’s make some dinner.”
Castiel is almost back at the house. He has no idea of how to get in. No idea of what to do. No idea of how to get away.
“I believe so,” Castiel forces his breathing to slow as she crouches down to inspect his work. “But Castiel, are you aware of the fact that it is too late in the year to plant species of the family Rosaceae? Trees ought to be in their dormant winter stage when moved from one location to another.”
found each other again. Him and Cas. Cas and him. If Dean would live a million lives, he’d never meet anyone who could mean as much to him than Cas does, who could affect him as much as Cas does. They have been so much for each other. Allies. Friends. Enemies. Family. And yeah, there’s something else too. Something that’s been there for a very long time. If Dean’s honest with himself - and why shouldn’t he at this point, he’s sick and tired of lying to himself, of denying and suppressing things – he has other feelings for Cas. Not a crush, that sounds too childish and besides it’s not enough. Not even being in love is strong enough, he knows that he loves Cas, but what they have is something else. Something completely different. And yeah, he knows that all couples are different from each other and that all couples probably think that their story is the greatest love story ever, but Dean knows for a fact that their story has every other beat. It’s time for them to take the final step now. No one is dead or dying. No one is going through any kind of trials or being a demon or a god. No one is trying to rebel against something and there are no big bads to defeat and no apocalypse to stop. It’s finally time. And if they need a new word to be able to describe what they are to each other, then that’ll come in due time. Otherwise, him and Cas, they have always been good at defying all labels. The timing is finally right, and all Dean feels is the rightness of it.
Charlie beams at his praise and is about to ask another question when she is interrupted by loud and cheerful whoop from outside. They look questioningly at each other and get up. Outside the garage, Dean is standing in the afternoon sunshine, phone in his hand and a beatific smile that lights up his entire face. He is breathtaking.
When Dean and Charlie leave late that afternoon, Castiel is tired into his bones. Despite everything, he’s still content with his decision to get a companion. To break the status quo. Undeterred by his fatigue, he walks into the office and powers up his computer in the hopes that the turmoil of the long day has managed to shake loose the grain of plot idea he struggled to get ahold of earlier. The blank page keeps mocking him. No luck yet. Castiel knows that sooner or later the words will come to him. He shuts off the laptop and goes to make himself a sandwich instead. At half past two he wakes up lying on the couch, bathed in the blue light of the television, and a half-eaten sandwich sits forgotten on his coffee table. Castiel manages to switch the TV off and drag himself upstairs to fall back asleep in his empty bed. It won’t be empty much longer.
“So Jo,” Dean said and cocked his head to the side. “Midnight’s getting closer. Any plans on who you’re gonna spend it with?” Dean smiled and wiggled his eyebrows at her.
Standing in the shower is lovely, even if the pressure on the soles of Castiel’s feet is agonizing; it’s worth it when the shivers are starting to melt away in the warm spray of water. He stands still for several minutes, the water pooling around his feet no longer red nor pink with the blood from his cuts. When at last, he manages to reach out a hand for the shower gel, the soap lather burns at his calf as it travels down his body and he closes his eyes at the sting, grimacing as he waits for it to pass. It does and as he opens his eyes, he thinks that he sees a movement through the steam. Castiel screams and curls in on himself, sinking down on the floor in the shower with the water beating down on his back. Heavy footsteps come closer and he breathes more shallowly as he tries to make himself even smaller.
There’s a tug at the corner of Dean’s mouth, “A little maybe, but I don’t really mind. How’s the leg?”
“No, I don’t think so. Thank you,” Castiel gets up and tests Dean’s handiwork by walking across the room to his dresser. He opens a drawer and takes out a pair of boxers, and since he doesn’t see the point of acting shy or modest now that Dean has already saved him from a new panic attack when he was naked in the shower, he simply drops his towel to the floor and puts them on, the entire time, he is acutely aware of Dean following his every movement. He pulls out another drawer to get a t-shirt and then holds one up, turning to Dean. “Do you want one?”
Castiel hums as he considers what Charlie said. He hasn’t thought about it before, but it seems plausible that the military’s technology is more advanced than that of the rest of society. While he realizes not all parts of society can be exactly fair and equal in everything, he puts this information on his ongoing mental list of things against the armed forces of the world. He wonders if he can learn more about it and use it as an argument if he and Michael have another of their discussions. Anna’s husband doesn’t exactly share Castiel’s pacifist dreams for the world. It’s only for Anna’s sake that they have decided to not talk about their opposing views.
Dean splutters at that, making Castiel laugh at his reaction and when their eyes meet, Dean laughs too. The sound of them has Charlie pop her head up from where she’s wandered off.
“I looked for you, Castiel. You were not in your office. You were not in the house. You were not in the garden.”
“I don’t really know yet. There might be a new character. I don’t know. We’ll see,” Castiel says and follows the small reflection from the sun hitting Dean’s wristwatch.
Four days later Dean could barely keep his eyes open as he forced himself to turn to the next page. He felt like he had searched every single book in the bunker’s library. He’d had help by the others, but Sam and Eileen had at least taken breaks. They’d gone to bed, they’d cooked in the kitchen, and they’d reminded him to eat. Hell, even Jack had taken breaks to go on walks with Miracle.
“I’d like to believe so anyway, but you never know with her – Samandriel, sweetie, you don’t need to pack all your books, remember there’s a library near where grandmother lives?”
“Yeah, he somehow thought that it wouldn’t go well with the investors,” Charlie says and shrugs. “Anyway, I’m not supposed to babble on about myself all day.” Her hands leave the mug and she pushes her hair behind her ears. “Where was I? Oh right. So, AI has been around for quite a long while and the development is really astonishing. Of course, like so many other things, it really started in the military, and then it moved on to advance in the fields of banking and finance, followed by medicine. Us university folks and businesses catering to the normal everyday people are a bit behind what they can achieve right now. It’s not really that strange, those are the areas with the most funding. A lot of technology we have now start off being related to the military or for the purpose of making rich guys even more money, before it sorta trickles down to us mortals. But it’d be reeeally interesting to know what the dudes and dudettes in uniforms are working on right now. Or even what they did a year or two ago.”
“Yeah, about that. I have an idea why that might be. Remember when you fell, and we talked about the importance of dental hygiene? I taught you how to brush your teeth.” Cas nodded. Dean continued. “Well, did we ever get to why flossing is good for you?”
Dean is in that wonderful state between being asleep and awake. For once he feels like he’s had a good night’s sleep, not waking up from nightmares and horrible memories of people dying does wonders for the mood and your energy levels. He is still sleep soft and it’s warm in the bed. It seems to be even warmer on the other side of the bed, so Dean turns over and snuggles closer to the source of the warmth.
Dean turned onto Cas’ street a couple of minutes before nine o’clock. He parked across the street from his house and texted him to let Cas know that he was there. Dean drummed his fingers on the steering wheel to the beat of ‘Ramble On’ that blasted through the Impala. He got so into the song that he didn’t see Cas leave his house and jumped high in his seat when Cas knocked on the window on the driver’s side. Dean leaned over and opened the door on the other side, trying to glare at Cas who laughed at his reaction. It almost worked, until he felt his breath hitch when he saw that underneath the trench coat, Cas was wearing the soft button down in the particular shade of blue that brought out his eyes even more than usual. All of a sudden, he felt way too underdressed in his flannel. He scratched at the back of his neck and lowered the volume on Led Zeppelin.
“Someone came and told us what had happened, don’t really remember who, it was just someone who looked official wearing a boring tie. Then came social services. Like, I got that Sam and I couldn’t stay in the house we rented, but they took us away. Placed us in foster homes. Different ones. I did everything I could to get custody over Sammy, but they wouldn’t let me ‘cause I wasn’t of age. I stayed in school only ‘cause I had to, spent every waking moment either with Sam or working every job I could find to save money for the future. I already had the papers ready, so the day I turned eighteen I went to court and handed them in and then I got custody of Sam. I dropped out of high school at once and rented a dingy little place for us. There wasn’t really anything wrong with my foster home, but I wanted somewhere I could be with Sammy. We were all family we had. No parents, no grandparents, no aunts or uncles, no cousins. Nothing. All we had left of our parents was our Dad’s car and a few memento things, like my Mom’s recipe collection, some books and photos and stuff. That was it. So I had to take care of him. He was about to start high school and I had to make sure he stayed in school. I worked so that he could study and get good grades. Then he got his scholarship to Stanford, we packed up and moved out to California. I was so proud of that nerd when he graduated college and then law school. He’s a good kid and now he has a kid of his own with the love of his life.”
“You’ll have to excuse Dean geeking out a bit at just the thought of having your own garage with parking for multiple cars and the space to work on them. He loves old cars so much. He has one that he’s
She has locked all the doors and windows, Castiel is only allowed outside when she opens the door for him. He doesn’t know where she’s hidden the keys.
“Yeah, well, at least he was good at jutting down information. Chuck must have asked him to collect all he knew about the Empty.”
“Seriously Winchester?” Jo leveled him with a flat look. “You and I? Not gonna happen again. We tried that when we were fifteen. It was a total disaster, we even swore to not talk about it again, remember?”
Dean takes a moment to reply, opening and closing his mouth without any words coming out. There’s a small twitch at the left corner of his mouth. Castiel lowers his arms.
“Yes.” A last moment of hesitation. “There’s a blacksmith. He does the normal things a blacksmith does – reparations to stuff people bring in and making tools and weapons and whatnot, but he also invents things. Mish rides through almost all of Heanvel to get to his town. He hopes that the blacksmith can help him with the Demons. The King pretends to be a commoner, but the blacksmith sees right through him. Of course he does. He’s so smart. He’s a bit of a hothead, but his heart is so big and he’s so kind and generous. He takes care of his younger brother and makes sure that he gets to go to school, even when the blacksmith himself never really got the chance. Mish asks him to come with him to the Capitol, and he does, on the condition that his brother will get to go to the university there. The blacksmith is brilliant and he’s surprisingly good with a sword. He has freckles and green eyes and calloused hands and a warm heart. And in the Capitol, he builds these machines and contraptions and Mish admires him working on them in the palace workshop and then they test them on captured Demons… and I don’t know the rest. I haven’t gotten much further than that.”
Castiel turns to fix his own coffee, “Um, I’ve written and co-written a few scholarly books about medieval Europe, but that was a long time ago,” he hesitates and debates with himself whether or not to tell them what he writes nowadays. He normally doesn’t get very positive reactions when he tells people what he does, April always appeared to be embarrassed and wanted him to go back into the academic world. After a quick look over his shoulder, he decides to be honest with them. Most likely, he’ll never meet them again when this is done, and after all, they are here to build him an android companion. They must already think that he is weird enough. “These days, I write a fantasy series. It’s called ‘
“Me too.” This time it’s Castiel who leans in and closes the distance between them, and the kisses grow deeper and more insistent. Castiel parts his lips and licks at Dean’s bottom lip, making him moan and open his own mouth. It should be awkward or gross to kiss when they’ve just woken up, but it isn’t. Dean’s arm that is still slung over Castiel’s waist moves down his side and his hand finds its way up under Castiel’s shirt, warm fingers splaying across his hip and then the small of his back, never staying still in one place for more than a moment. Castiel’s right hand goes up to Dean’s face, his thumb strokes over his cheekbone before it moves to Dean’s neck and then into his short hair. Castiel licks into Dean’s mouth, his breathing becomes heavier and faster, Castiel’s definitely on his way to being incredibly aroused, his dick fattening up in his boxers. The hand Dean has under his shirt moves slowly down his back following the knobs in his spine, it travels to his hip and then up a little again before his fingers dip under the elastic of Castiel’s underwear.  The touch has Castiel jerk his hips forward and he groans when his dick suddenly presses against Dean’s body. Dean pushes his hand further down Castiel’s boxers, groping his ass and pushing him towards Dean’s hips. Castiel pants against Dean’s mouth when he feels Dean’s hard cock touch his lower stomach.
Dean sighs and submits himself to the undignified feeling of having to crawl across the bed to the foot end at the other side so they can get to their feet without any more painful incidents. He leads them over to his dresser where he picks up yesterday’s folded jeans and pulls them on, he opens a drawer and puts on a pair of socks before he shoves his feet into his boots, not bothering with tying them, he just pushes the strings down under his feet. On the top of the dresser is a flannel shirt, he tries to put it on but since he and Cas are bound together, only his left arm is able to make it through its sleeve. He lets it go and it hangs from his left wrist. Great, now it feels like both his arms are stuck.
There are a few moments of silence before her quiet footsteps get closer. She turns around the corner of the shed, gray eyes searching, scanning.
Castiel’s socks squelch as Dean helps him walk to the kitchen, rainwater is dripping off them both. The floor is much kinder to Castiel’s aching feet, but each step is still painful.
“As pleasant as this has been, I can’t hang around here all day. I’ve got Valentine’s Day plans of my own, you know.” Gabriel wiggles his eyebrows before giving them a pointed look. “I think that the two of you know deep down how to get rid of the last of the ribbon. I’ve peeked in on you a couple of times this morning and you’ve been reeeaaal close. So I guess it’s up to you now, if you’re gonna do anything about it or if you’re gonna stay stuck together. Not that there’s that much of a difference to how it usually is…” He shrugs. “Well, I really must be off, clock’s ticking, places to be and people to do and all that jazz. Good luck kiddos! Have fun and remember to use protection!” Gabriel winks at them and plops away, the last thing they hear of him is his cackling laughter.
“Yeah? So it’s still going okay?” Dean asks and he turns to Castiel, “Can I ask what’s gonna happen? Please? Come on, I’m so curious!”
He leans against the garden shed to stretch out his calves. In the lull between two songs he thinks that he hears something and removes his ear buds, pausing the music that is stored in them. There’s someone calling his name.
“So anyway, what happens is that the artificial intelligence is constantly networked and when it needs something new it will utilize that network, or even establish a new one, it will get new data or programs or information through the network and when it no longer needs that specific network, it will collapse. Kinda like it’s casting out a hook from the end of a fishing rod, it gets what it wants or needs and then hauls the line back in. And it does this without us telling it what to do.
“Yeah. All you wanted to say was that you were bringing in a new character. Drives me mad, I wanna know. Are you gonna tell me now?”
“Soda is fine, thank you.” Cas got his drink and left the kitchen, saying something about going to find Aaron to talk about a documentary they both had watched. Dean just shook his head and turned back to Victor.
“Whoa! Whoa there! While I absolutely love what’s happening here, I’m not gonna kiss you when you’re this loopy. Let’s do it for real instead when you’re back to being your sane self again. Okay?” He looked down at Cas and added “or as sane as you usually are anyway.”
“What did she say?” Castiel grimaces as they leave the lawn and walk out onto the gravel, all the pebbles smarting his sore feet.
“No. No, thank you, rooibos is exactly what I want,” Castiel says, deliberately having chosen the type of tea in his cupboards with the longest steeping time. He wants her gone as long as possible.
Castiel had been right. Elaiza does not let him out of her sight. She is always there. Right where he is. She still waits on him, brings him what he asks for, and helps him with what he needs help with. But there’s a new watchfulness there. Elaiza always seems to be scanning his body, evaluating him, reading his values.
Castiel laughs. “Yeah it seems so. Let’s go back to the kitchen and fix something to eat. Then I’ll show you how to brew tea and coffee.” They leave his bedroom and Castiel turns his head over his shoulder to look at Elaiza as he walks to the stairs. “I drink a lot of tea when I write, but when I have people over I make coffee, because, well most people in America seem to prefer coffee over tea and I guess that now I kinda see coffee as more of a social drink, even though I really prefer tea.”
“Yeah, guess so.” He thumbs through his phone and lifts it to his ear. Charlie answers almost instantaneously, Castiel can hear her talking rapidly, her voice distant and muffled by the way Dean’s phone is pressed against his head. “Yeah, no, no. Charlie! Calm down! It’s fine! I’ve already -”
Dean blinked a couple of times, trying to process the strange situation. “Sorry about that. I’ll talk to him” he said to the dentist. He turned to Cas and lowered his voice “Cas, come on, man. We talked about this, about what happens at the dentist’s.”
Dean has barely gotten the words out before the kitchen is filled with the sound of fluttering wings and Gabriel pops into the room, grinning around a lollipop.
Castiel worries that the dry spring weather will affect his plants and that he won’t get a big crop later in the year. He is out in the Friday afternoon sun, watering his kitchen garden when the low rumbling of an engine has him call out for Elaiza to turn the water off. The stream in the hose dwindles to a trickle as the broad black car parks and Dean gets out. Castiel drops the hose and walks over the swiss chard and the celery to go and greet him.
“Yes. It really must be…” Castiel agrees, enjoying the press of Dean’s knee against his own under the table.
“Thank you Elaiza, that’s very thoughtful of you,” Castiel says, trying to feel less awkward about the situation and less irritated for her interruption.
“That’s not what you asked. I know what I’m doing. I’m sitting. I’ve been sitting here for the last two and half hours, almost three hours now, waiting for you to wake up.”
Charlie turns to Castiel with an unusually serious look on her face and says, “There is one more thing we need to talk about before we start her up.”
“The vicar did it, he murdered the girl. It is obvious. All the clues lead to him, he was the only one with a motive and the possibility to kill Alicia.” Castiel turns to look at Elaiza. Her eyes are so very silvery light in the blue sheen from the television, it’s almost unnerving.
A growing part of him considers giving up. Just sinking to the ground and letting her do whatever she wants to do. To let her to keep him locked up forever. He thinks that maybe he could continue pretending that this is what he wanted. That this is what companionship is; the constant vigilance, never having a moment to yourself, never seeing anyone else, never being allowed to speculate on anything, always being handed the correct answer, the around the clock surveillance. It would be easier to stop running and simply do what she says.
“Fine. I think. Well as fine as it can be now, I guess, it’s not bleeding again,” he says and lifts it a little, as if to prove that the bandage is still keeping the wound shut. Dean takes the opportunity to move his own leg so that when Castiel lowers his leg again, Dean’s calf is trapped between his legs.
“No problem Cas,” he says and steps into his car, “Let’s maybe have a raincheck on that dinner, ‘kay?”
On Wednesday, Castiel closes the lid on his laptop earlier than normal. There’s a new art exhibition at the museum in town he’s been looking forward to, so he and Elaiza get into the Lincoln Continental and Castiel drives them there. He considers having Elaiza downloading the program needed so that she can drive, but apparently they need some kind of permit, so having her drive will have to wait for that to go through. He mutters over the slowness of the bureaucratical system as he pulls out of the garage. The exhibition is lovely and Castiel loses himself in paintings with clear colors and admiring bold brush strokes; then he finds a statue in one of the halls, on loan from another museum, and it captures him for a completely. It looks like it’s inspired by classical Greek art and especially the works of Praxiteles. The soft lines in the marble of the young man’s muscular body are mesmerizing. Elaiza needs to say his name several times before Castiel reacts; she asks him if he wishes to eat dinner soon since it’s nearing his usual supper time and besides, the museum will close soon. After one last long look at the marble man, Castiel turns and they leave. They go for a walk, keeping an eye out for a place where Castiel can find dinner, and Elaiza talks of the history of the color red and different chemical compositions that have been used by painters throughout the centuries to produce the different hues. When they discuss the statue, Elaiza can talk of the artistic techniques but she cannot relate to Castiel’s emotional response to its beauty and the elegance in its pose. Near a small park, they discover an old-fashioned food truck. It turns out to be one of the very few food enterprises still run by humans, most others have been taken over by androids; these days, companies employing humans can’t afford to compete with the android run ones. Castiel scans the menu and orders a chivito. It’s rich and delicious, filling. They sit by a picnic table while he eats. There’s a group of teenagers nearby, doing tricks on their skateboards and bikes, they look over at Castiel and Elaiza, pausing their activities to talk to each other. They snigger. Castiel swallows the last of his sandwich and wipes his mouth, getting up. When they walk by the teenagers on their way back to where the car is parked, one of the boys yells ‘Robot fucker!’ after them. The other teens cackle loudly and Castiel can feel his neck burn, he didn’t think that Elaiza’s status would be that obvious to other people. They drive home in silence, Castiel not responding to Elaiza’s attempts at conversation.
Castiel takes the mug with a groan. He looks up and searches for a place to put it, his desk is covered in cups and mugs of cold or cooling tea. He thinks that every single ceramic drinking vessel he owns is sitting on the desk in his study by this point. This is getting ridiculous, sometimes Elaiza almost goes too far in her attempts to take care of him. He sighs and puts the mug on the floor.
“Yes of course, I should have given you a key. I’m so sorry,” Castiel says and starts walking towards the garage. “Did you get to meet your little niece yesterday?” When no sounds of footsteps follow him on the gravel, he looks over his shoulder. Dean stands a few yards behind him, mouth slightly agape again. “Dean?”
Castiel’s feet are pounding on the ground. His sweat soaked shirt clings to his upper body as his lungs fight to get enough air and his legs ache in the best kind of way.
“Man, what I wouldn’t have paid to see that” Dean muttered to himself, shaking his head, still smiling down at the floor. “No, this kind of flossing is when you pull a piece of string between your teeth to remove the gunk that gathers between them because the toothbrush can’t reach everywhere. You see, you gotta do that every day now that you can’t mojo yourself all clean and spiffy anymore”
Dean comes back to where they are sitting, once again having drifted away to look at the cars, and says, “I’m still a little pissed at Aaron for vetoing the best name. Man, it would’ve been so cool to be able to put mechanic at ‘These are the droids you’re looking for’ on the resume,” he says shaking his head and tehn he stops to inspect an old poster on the wall before he excuses himself to go make a phone call.
“Charlie! That’s what I’m trying to tell you! I’m already with Cas, came here yesterday and found it goin’ completely berserk on him and then I whacked its head off. We’re good.”
“Yeah. Gabriel drifted around for many years, doing a bit of this and a bit of that, not really liking anything he tried. And then, I guess you can kind of say that he followed his sweet tooth, because he opened a candy shop slash bakery where he can spend his days happily surrounded by as much sugar as humanly possible. He was never particularly interested in the business side of running a business, he just wants to experiment with his baking. It’s a good thing he met Kali and she took over the numbers, they’re thinking of expanding and open another branch.”
Castiel groans. His face is heating up and he’s glad that Balthazar isn’t there to see him. “Why do you have to turn everything into an innuendo? But yes, he’s the mechanic on the project. How did you guess?”
“I know my books are supposed to be fantasy, and that means I probably could get away with making it all up, but it helps me to base much of it in real history. Even though a lot of what I research won’t make it onto the pages, it helps me to form the story. And besides, I like to do the research. It’s fun.”
He’s engrossed in the story, suspecting either the victim’s boyfriend or her cousin, when Elaiza sits down next to him. Castiel leans in closer to her, enjoying the warmth from her body. He moves his right arm up around her and runs his fingers through her soft dark hair.
“Why not? It’s hilarious. That flip from complete rage to ‘meh the product is fine’ is just,” Dean says and does a little gesture with his hand, moving his thumb and forefinger together in a circle.
Dean wraps gauze around his leg. “Should do it. It’s not too tight, is it?” he asks as he drags his fingertips up and down over Castiel’s other leg.
When they had begun, Castiel had offered to help them carry things, he had no idea that so much equipment and materials were needed in the construction of an android. They had politely told him that they preferred to do it by themselves and Charlie had explained it with a story about a client a few months ago who had stumbled over one of Dean’s tools while carrying a box that was too heavy for him and fallen down in the midst of all their paraphernalia, breaking not only some of their expensive equipment, but also an arm. It had ended with the client suing their company, despite the fact that they had asked him several times not to touch their things.
When he handed one of the cards over to the receptionist to pay for the visit, Cas still clung to him, staring at him. He did seem to be a little out of it. Maybe the pain killers the dentist had given him before the extraction had hit him harder than Dean thought?
“I… I’ll keep that in mind,” he stutters out and looks around the garage. Dean has walked away and stands with his back to them, looking at one of the cars, the back of his neck bright red and shoulders hunched up high.
“Oy! Are you two having fun without me?” She walks up to them. “Castiel, I’m afraid that today won’t be very much fun, we mostly need to organize stuff and bring in about a million little gizmos, but tomorrow, the exciting stuff will begin!” Charlie turns her attention to her colleague, “Dean there’s a perfect workspace for you over there, you should go check it out, and then maybe we should get to work and start setting things up?”
“Yeah, it was fine. Thanks Charlie, for letting me go get them, Sammy didn’t want to drive. Said he was too overwhelmed and tired to be let out in traffic yet,” Dean says and sits down with them at the table.
They sit on the chairs under the big oak’s half-shadow, the spring sunlight too sharp to sit in directly for longer periods of time. Dean eats the sandwich he brought and Castiel some leftovers from his dinner the night before.
“Well isn’t that what big brothers are supposed to do? Mess with their younger sibs, but not letting anyone else do it?”
Castiel carefully places the plum tree in the hole. He packs the soil back around the roots, gets up and brushes off the dirt from his pants. Elaiza has not moved. She’s still standing right next to him. Too close. Way too close.
When they finally drag themselves out of bed and down to the kitchen in search of something to eat, it’s nearer what most people would consider lunchtime rather than time for breakfast. It doesn’t matter; the circumstance of an all too eventful day yesterday and the dreary weather are both forgiving, allowing for hours spent lazily exploring each other and talking of nothing in particular while running fingers through messy hair.
Castiel listens, completely enraptured. He wants to say something, but he doesn’t know what. Nothing seems enough. For Dean to go through so much and still be such a kind and generous person? It is truly remarkable and Castiel is filled with empathy and respect for the man next to him.
Cas tilted his head, looking more confused than Dean had seen him in a long time. “Flossing? Like the dance? What does that have to do with my teeth?”
“Do you not think, Castiel, that if they really truly cared for you, your family and your friends, they would have contacted you? Would they not have come to visit you here? Or asked you to visit them? No one has contacted you in a long time, Castiel. Not in several weeks. They do not care about you. They do not love you like I do. No one will ever love you like I do. No one will ever be as good for you as I am. I am your one true love Castiel, and it is time for you to accept that. We belong together. Forever.”
“I scanned the premises. You were nowhere to be found.” He takes a stumbling step backwards. Elaiza closes in on him. “You are not to disappear like that. Do you understand? Castiel, we are meant to be together.”
Castiel’s feet are pounding on the ground. His sweat soaked shirt clings to his upper body as his lungs fight to get enough air and his legs ache in the worst kind of way.
He seems to shake something off of himself and lifts his eyes to meet Castiel’s gaze. “Yeah. Sorry, you were saying?”
“You are 37, not ancient! It’s weird to say this because you’re my big brother, but you should be a catch. You’re handsome and kind, you are successful in your career, and you have this big old house. You should be able to do better than a robot!”
“I’m starting to get an inkling. I think Rowena might be on to something with the whole you not feeling anything strange when plopped down into my bed.” Dean feels himself flush at the possible implication of his last words and tries to hide it by downing the last of his coffee. He sees Cas process the information and the moment it clicks for him he makes an oh-face.
Castiel savors the noises Dean makes when he eats pie more than he does the pie itself. He digs his fingernails into the palms of his hands and pretends that Dean’s moans don’t go directly to his dick.
“Eileen is back! She’s okay. Thank you, Jack” Sam said without looking up from the phone still typing.
Her voice isn’t far away. He thinks of trying to hide in the hawthorn bushes to his left, but his body keeps moving on its own towards the house, still hoping for a possible way out.
Dean laughs at that. “Yeah, I’m not too keen on the green stuff, but I’m not that bad. I’ve gotten a lot better, despite what Sammy says.”
Castiel continues. He talks about how he had needed a break from writing and left for a run, coming back and finding Elaiza looking for him and how he grew afraid. She was always there, watching him, monitoring him, boxing him in more and more. He tells them how she took away his phone and his internet, isolating him. How he became more terrified of her every day, every hour. Lastly, he tells them about his attempted escape to freedom and how she then had cornered him. How he thought that his end was upon him, until Dean came to his rescue.
“Was already soaking, dude. It’s fine. Come on,” he says and turns off the water. He helps Castiel out of the shower, Dean walks over the damp pile of Castiel’s discarded, torn clothes and takes a towel from the stack on the shelf. It should be awkward as he rubs it over Castiel’s arms and legs, over his stomach and his back, but it isn’t. Dean puts the towel over his head and scrubs it over his hair, and then he takes dry one and wraps it around Castiel.
“Ah, yes of course. Just a moment, I’ll open the gate,” Castiel lowers the phone and presses in a code on its screen. “Did it work? I’ve been having some trouble with the gate lately, it doesn’t always open…”
“Cardamom, I think. He tends to leave a batch of his latest experiments with me and with Anna’s family whenever he visits. This is quite nice actually,” Castiel says and hums around the lingering spices on his tongue.
At the sound of twin gasps behind him, he turns around to where both Charlie and Dean staring at him with their mouths agape. Charlie seems to gather herself first, she pushes Dean at his shoulder with a whispered “Dude! What are the odds?” Then she shifts her entire attention to Castiel and the kitchen fills with their excited outbursts.
“There are different kinds of AI, almost like different levels. Remember that craze when everybody had a Siri in their phone and an Alexa at home? That’s narrow AI. It’s at least fairly good at doing one thing, but nothing it wasn’t programmed for. Facial recognition for opening doors is another example, or when all cashiers where replaced by screens. If you’ve ever played computer games when you were a kid, those that are like a strategy game against the machine, then you’ve interacted with a narrow AI. So, a narrow AI can be programmed for translating text from one language to another, but that same AI wouldn’t be able to find any difference between a picture of a dog and one of a train. It does one thing and it can learn more about it and how to do it better through something called deep learning. Or it does a few related things, and that’s about it. Practical, but not very exciting. Okay?”
Dean takes a step out of Castiel’s embrace and looks at him. “I don’t really know what happened. Maybe it’s best if you come over here Charlie.”
Cas turned to Dean, looking worried. “You’ll be fine, Cas. I’ll just wait here then, I’ll see you when you’re done.”
“Yeah, me too. We’ll get him out. Somehow.” Jack said as Sam and Eileen climbed into the car, signing to each other.
Anna’s obviously moving around quickly, from the sounds of it she’s packing. “We don’t know yet. Both Michael and his mother have that contained calmness, you know how they are, don’t show your feelings unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
And that’s all that Cas needs. He lifts his free hand to Dean’s cheek and when his thumb strokes Dean’s cheekbone the look in his eyes soften even more. Dean’s own free hand, his left one, goes to Cas’s hip, and when he sees Cas lean in, he moves it to the small of his back to pull him closer. Dean’s eyes don’t close until their lips meet and he knows that he was right. This is a life defining moment. Dean doesn’t understand how he has gone so many years without kissing Cas and now that he has started, he feels like he never wants to stop doing it. It gets even better once Cas open his mouth when Dean licks at his full bottom lip and their tongues touch for the first time. Dean swallows Cas’ moan and lifts his right hand to bury his fingers in Cas’ dark hair and he feels Cas’ both arms wind around his waist to get even closer. Wait. Both his arms?
“Mhm, I was at the end of my doctorate at Stanford, I only had like two months left when the singularity was reached, and the Japanese team held that press conference.”
Dean gapes at the arch angel, feeling himself go beet red. When he glances at Cas, there’s a soft dusting of pink at the top of his high cheekbones.
“Dean don’t worry. I really think it’ll work out. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go and find Victor before midnight.” Jo winked at him and then she spun on her heel and walked away.
“Yes please, mine’s soaked.” Castiel throws it at him and when Dean’s head shows again, his face has gone light pink. “Um, Cas? This shouldn’t feel weird, but it kinda does. Can I borrow a pair of boxers too? Just realized that damp underwear isn’t very comfy.”
“Yes.” The honesty in Castiel’s answer makes Dean pause his movements, the towel is over his left shoulder draping down along his side.
The implications of what Charlie said is still landing in Castiel. His mind is reeling. It’s too much. The garage is too warm and he himself is getting too cold, but at the same time he’s sweatier now than during his run. His perspiration is forming a bead at the back of his neck and he feels the drop starting to move down his back. He needs to get out of here. “If you’d be so kind to excuse me for a moment. I think I need some air,” he says, as he gets up. He brushes past Dean and steps out into the garden. The voices from the garage fade away as he stumbles across the lawn.
“Remember how when we met and you found out who I was, I had a blockage, not getting anywhere in my writing? Remember how you asked me to know more about what was going to happen in Heanvel when I finally started to write again?”
. Really, I should have remembered, but it’s crazy how easy it can be to forget stuff that you once knew by heart.” He pauses for a moment, wondering if he dares to make a point. He doesn’t have much to lose any more. He continues, “Normally, I would’ve looked it up on the internet, but since you have disabled it, well then I had to go old school.” Castiel holds up the book with a small shrug, hoping that it’ll cover his micro-aggression.
Elaiza walks closer to him. She lifts her hand to his face, flexing her fingers so they dig into his skin and maneuvering his head so that he is forced to look at her. “Oh Castiel, my dear sweet angel, how can you not see? Do you not understand? I am your companion. I am here to keep you company. How could you possibly need any other company than that of your companion? No one can love you like I do. I am made for you. I am your perfect companion. I am your perfect mate. You do not need anyone else in your life anymore. You only need me.”
Castiel smiles at his nostalgia. He knows exactly how it feels to suddenly be bowled over by something that reminds you of a childhood memory. He’s found plenty of things here in the house that have reminded him of when he visited his great uncle with Gabriel and Anna when they were children. It’s a good feeling, somehow both happy and sad. And the feeling looks good on Dean, he stands there, smiling softly down at the digging bar.
“You didn’t want to continue on in the academics? I know it’s incredibly competitive in history, but the grants and the possibilities must be much bigger if you work in AI?” Castiel asks, always interested to hear about other people’s experiences with scholarly world. In his experience, there are few things that so quickly can bring people together as complaining about hectic research schedules and the pressure of seeking grants.
“Good to hear. All right then, Castiel, one last question for the programmer aspect and then we’ll be ready to fire her up and make some tests. Hold on to your seat because it’s a biggie.”
They spend the rest of the afternoon talking about this and that. Castiel normally feels uncomfortable around people he doesn’t know, but it’s surprisingly easy to listen to Charlie’s quick chatter and laughing at Dean’s clever teasing quips. They obviously know each other very well. Charlie talks more about her interests, which seem to be many and varied, there are few book series she hasn’t read or TV shows she hasn’t seen. Dean checks his phone as soon as his hands aren’t busy with other things. Castiel brings them more coffee and they ask him further questions about his books; both Dean and Charlie have apparently picked up on his uneasiness when it comes to the topic of future plot points so they keep to more general matters; the publishing world and asking about the way he comes up with the story, how much of his fantasy world is based on real medieval history, and comparing that to their LARPing. Castiel is starting to get a slightly more clear picture of what LARPing is. He thinks.
century it was worn by both men and women of the European aristocracies, and boys were often dressed in pink because people saw it as a lighter red, which was a military color, and in Northern India pink turbans are very common, and” Cas draws in another breath to continue his lecture on the apparently so fascinating history of color. Dean cuts in before he can start talking again.
“I’ll try” Jack snapped his fingers several times, the scrunched up expression on his face showing how hard he concentrated on channelling his new powers. Dean heard a happy bark coming from the backseat.
Castiel pauses and sips his tea. Dean moves closer to him, thighs pressed together, and puts his arm around Castiel. Charlie looks at him, clutching her coffee cup in silence.
“Massive!” Dean fills in and continues eagerly “Will they ever find Azazel the Demon? And how are they gonna expel the other Demons in Heanvel? And what’s up with that Rowena lady? Is she really gonna be the Queen of Hell?”
“Man, we really are a couple of dumbasses!” Dean said and looked at Cas’ eyes, shining with happiness.
“Uh… Yeah, sure. I’m actually calling you to ask about magic stuff. You see,” he says and launches into an explanation of the things they’ve been through during the morning. He’s not even a quarter through, before he needs switch over to speaker phone since Cas keeps interrupting to add things or to explain them in other words.
“Huh. I have seven missed called from Charlie in the last half hour and a notification saying that she’s left three messages. Must be important if she’s desperate enough to leave voice mail, sha hates it, says it’s old school and stressing and should be outlawed.”
“No! No no no no.” Castiel rushes to the desk and pushes Elaiza away from the chair. He taps at the keys rapidly and reaches for the mouse. He lets out a relieved breath when he finds that he’s able to restore his manuscript to its earlier form. “Oh thank fuck!”
“Not that much, I’m afraid. I know that about two years ago, we reached something called the point of singularity. There was a lot of talk about it everywhere, but I don’t think I entirely understood what it was,” he frowns a little, he’s always found anything related to computer science confusing. When everything runs smoothly, he’s quite alright at managing it, but as soon as his electronical gadgets don’t work, he needs to call his friend Gadreel for computer support.
It was dark. So very dark. Dean tried to hold his hand in front of his face, but he could not see anything, he could just sense that it was there. He had always hated that feeling. Dean pressed the button on his flashlight but it did not turn on. Neither did his phone. He supposed that things generating light didn’t work in the Empty. He pocketed his phone and threw the useless flashlight to the side. It made a weird, clanky sound when it landed. Almost like he was in an endless cavern, he thought.
The rain continues to thrash hard against the glass panels of Castiel’s bedroom window, the storm is making the evening darker than usual this time of the year. The first aid kit lies next to Dean’s phone on the bed and there’s a plate of sandwiches on the bedside table next to two bottles of water. Dean shrugs, still holding on to Castiel’s hand, “Made them when you went to the shower, was just coming upstairs when I heard you from the bathroom. Figured we could both do with something to eat.” He pauses and suddenly seems unsure of himself, as if he’s overstepping a line, “Unless… Unless you want me to go? You want me to leave?” he asks looking worried, eyebrows drawn together.
“There was this theory that circulated claiming that if someone with nefarious intentions,” Charlie wiggles her fingers in the air, “had been first, there was a risk of the AI sort of running away and its conscience being malicious and that it would want to hurt humans. Maybe even eradicate all of humanity.”
“Good.” He stepped into Cas’ space and pulled him flush against himself. He pushed Cas against the side of the Impala and kissed him. Their lips moved against each other, and when their mouths opened, Dean couldn’t help but laugh into the kiss. Cas had been right.
“Yeah, we had a call from Michael’s mother. His dad had a stroke – Inias, darling, don’t put Mommy’s keys in your mouth, they’re not clean – this morning and he’s in the hospital now.”
“It’s fine, I know it’s ugly. My brother gave it to me as a joke,” he shrugs “It may be a ‘Pimpmobile’, that’s Gabriel’s description, by the way, not mine, but it does the job of getting me from point A to point B. And besides, what more do you really need in a car?”
“So, Castiel, tell me, what do you know about artificial intelligence?” Charlie asks as she puts her hands around her coffee cup as if to warm them, despite the mild spring weather. Castiel pushes his still shower damp hair from his forehead and looks at her across the table in the corner of the garage and he absently wonders if she’s like Anna, one of those people with constantly cold hands.
He turns to look at Cas and when he sees into his blue eyes, he’s absolutely certain that this is it. A life defining moment. He knows that during the last few minutes, Cas has gone through a similar thought process to his own. He can see it in his eyes. Dean is met with so much love and warmth and adoration that his breath catches in his throat.
As Castiel is pulled from the depths of his sleep, the rain still patters against the window, but it’s softer now. Only a drizzle as the brunt of the storm has died down over the house. He’s about to stretch out his limbs, sleep heavy and stiff after being in the same position for so long, when he becomes aware of the weight over his torso. Prickly terror expands quickly in him, but it deflates as swiftly as it grew when he registers that the arm flung over him is warm with biological life, not with artificial mechanics. There are soft breaths hitting the back of his neck and he can feel a heart beating steadily against his back.
“Oh, come now, boys, you can do better than that. Have a proper think about it. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have things to do. Do let me know how it goes. Toodles.” She hangs up.
Dean finally tears his eyes from Castiel’s and turns to walk around the car and drive them away. Charlie pokes her head out the window again. “Hey Castiel? Don’t be a stranger, yeah? Like, if there’s any problem at all, just call, okay? Or you know, if you wanna talk ideas about your books or something,” Charlie smiles at him, but Castiel doesn’t have time to respond before the engine roars to life and the car rolls down the driveway. Castiel can only raise his hand and wave after it as it disappears behind the trees.
“Cas?” Dean was still looking at him with a small smile. Castiel felt the last of his resistance fade away.
“Son of a bitch! What the hell is this?!” He pulls at it, but it won’t budge. When Dean inspects it closer after turning on the bedside lamp, there are no knots or fastenings of any kind. It’s just there, almost like it’s been welded on to their arms. As for the ribbon itself, Dean looks at it and almost shudders. It’s one of the most aggressively froufrou things he’s ever seen, and he’s seen some weird shit in his life. It has a light pink base, and what he first thought was dots turns out to be hearts in several shades of darker pink, red, and purple. Some are even covered in glitter.
“But it still feels like it’s my fault! It’s my company and we’re supposed to help people not make evil androids!”
“I am proofreading your literary work. You told me that it would be of great help to you if I would do that.”
“Perhaps. But it seems like it’s gotten much shorter. I think it’s shrinking a bit every time it gets cut off and then heals.” Cas holds up his left hand. Now that Dean looks at it, he sees that Cas is right; the ribbon started out being four feet something and now there’s just three feet of sparkly material separating their hands. And that is if you’re generous with your measuring.
“Indeed you are and I’m very proud of you, darling, though somewhat impatient. The bigwigs are starting to breathe down my neck about the next ‘
Castiel readjusts his grip on the towel and takes his own step closer to Dean. It’s just a few inches between them now. Castiel lets his gaze flit down to Dean’s lips, they’re a little parted, his warm breathing mingling with Castiel’s. Dean’s hand lifts to Castiel’s waist, a warm touch just above the towel, and he leans closer to him.
“Good,” he pours himself a cup of coffee. Dean drags Cas after him to the fridge and takes out what’s left of the apple pie he baked yesterday, he moves to cut a piece and put it on a plate but decides against it. Screw manners, he’s got more pressing things to think about. He takes a fork and shoves pie directly from the tin into his mouth. As he chews, he pulls out his phone and flips through the phonebook, and when waiting for Rowena to pick up he scoops in more pie.
“We get them back. Everybody who Chuck poofed away, we bring them back. Eileen, Garth, Charlie, Donna, Jody and the girls, everybody else who disappeared. Jack?”
He also learns that it is incredibly difficult to be in the same room as Dean and not halt in the middle of a task to touch him now when he is allowed to do so. He pauses behind Dean, standing by the open fridge, to stop and press himself against his back as he places a kiss behind his left ear before he moves on to take cutlery out of the drawer. He squeezes his ass when Dean fills the pot for making coffee. He runs his fingertips down his arm before refilling his water glass.
“We didn’t even get out of our underwear,” he says and presses his mouth against Castiel’s shoulder.
“I need to come with you. We must not forget to water the plant and from my calculations, it needs approximately 38.6 liters since the soil is so dry with the low amount of precipitation in the last months. If you add that to the water the black currants need right now, it will be too much for you. You are not able to carry that much water at once. Not that far. You are not strong enough.”
“Jesus! Fuck!” Both Dean and Castiel jump when a cup is thrust between them, neither having heard Elaiza approach.
“Because if I can make an innuendo I will. It’s so easy considering how often you leave me with an open goal. But seriously Castiel, I’ve known you for almost twenty years now. It was so obvious that it’d be him inspiring you and not one of the other mechanics pictured. I don’t think that I’ve ever seen anyone being so much your type. Ever. I must say that he really is awfully handsome, though a bit too much of a pretty boy, Ken doll type for my tastes. But for you? Yeah, I can absolutely see why he’d be an inspiration to you and why he’d have you leave a wet patch in your knickers. Tell me, is he as charming as his smile implies?” Castiel is now very, very glad that Balthazar isn’t sitting with him in his living room, he is undoubtedly bright red, judging from the way his cheeks and neck are scorching hot.
“Saving you from that fucked up Cylon going all Terminator on you. Jesus, Cas! Scared the shit outta me.”
“Meg?” She glowered at him. “Sorry, sorry, didn’t mean to call you that. If I could help you to fall asleep, would you let us go then?”
Castiel makes a grimace. “I’m not sure if it’s a good idea for you to meet him. Gabriel is, hm, well let me be polite and say that he’s an acquired taste. The only thing he likes as much as sugar is messing with people. If you’re lucky he’d be flattered and actually give you the recipe, more likely he’d do something completely atrocious, I don’t even dare to guess.”
Dean took Cas to the bathroom and demonstrated. Cas grimaced and the floss came away bloody. Dean winced. “I think you probably have a cavity or two. Or at least some gingivitis. I’ll call the dentist tomorrow.”
Castiel laughs, “Not everything people do is for efficiency, Elaiza. Sometimes we do things again because we’ve enjoyed them before. Like rereading a book. And it’s not like we’d only listen to our favorite songs just once. We do things again because we like them,” he picks up the last of the chocolate on the table next to him. “That’s like saying ‘oh no thank you, I had chocolate once and it was nice so I don’t need to eat it again’. No one’d do that. Same with pizza. Or I don’t know, it’s not like people would be like ‘great, now I’ve had the single one orgasm in my life. That was pleasurable, but I don’t need another.’” He puts the chocolate in his mouth. “So, we don’t always do things for productivity, but because we like it and how it makes us feel. Whether we’ve done it before or not.”
“Doesn’t matter. I want it off, need it off”, he says and presses another openmouthed kiss against Dean’s jaw and then one against the corner of his mouth. He sucks Dean’s bottom lip into his mouth and Dean whines before he pulls away.
“What the hell, Sam! You were supposed to wake me up two hours ago!” Dean barked. “And what is that?” he pointed to a stone slab in Eileen’s hand.
“Hello Balthazar. I’ve asked you before not to call me that,” Castiel says and mutes the ridiculous crime show on the TV.
Following the sound of his voice, Dean found Cas sitting on a bench by a hedge at the far side of the garden.
“Do not disconcert yourself so much. There is no need for agitation. I am here to help you with your research. Simply tell me what you wish to know, and I shall establish a link and find the information you require. I will then determine if I shall tell it to you or if I shall pass it along to your computer so that you may read it yourself on the screen. As for those you call your family and friends, there is no need for concern. I have access to all your social media accounts, both of your e-mail accounts, and your other communication channels, I will let you know when they reach out to you,” Elaiza pauses, her left hand lifts and she pushes a pristine lock of dark hair behind her shoulder. “That is, if they deign to reach out to you.”
“’Kay. Take your time. But Cas? I might peek out at you, ya’ know, so you ain’t spiraling again, yeah?”
“I don’t need much, only a place to set up my computer, and of course plenty of access to you, Castiel so that we can discuss the programming and what you want the android to be able to do.”
“Ew. And maybe on the draft question. Not yet, but there’s an idea that’s brewing in my head. I’m kinda thinking about introducing a new character. I think that he could solve a lot of my problems.”
It’s as if every single muscle in Castiel’s body tense up when she confirms his suspicions. “What? Excuse me, I must have misheard. Have you disabled my Internet? How should I then contact my family and friends? Do my research? Follow the news?” His voice rises.
“No maybe not, but I wanna. Wouldn’t want my favorite author being unable to get back home after being out, or you know stuck at home, locked in behind a faulty jammed up gate that won’t let him in or out. How am I then gonna see how it goes for the people of Heanvel?” Dean throws him a wink and Castiel can feel his face heat up again, he berates himself for never being able to control himself Dean’s presence. “Come on Cas, let me help you.”
“No. I don’t want you here anymore! You need to leave or power down or something. I don’t want you as a companion. No. This isn’t right. It was nice in the beginning, but you’re supposed to make my life better, easier. I want you gone!”
Castiel wonders if he knows them well enough that they might be willing to let him in on whatever is so funny. He turns to Dean and is just about to ask when Dean once again seems to sense his confusion and moves his chair a little closer to Castiel’s in an attempt to be heard over Charlie’s giggling.
“Potato, potato,” Dean frowns into the pillow, praying to any higher power that listens to give him the patience to deal with this before he’s had his coffee. “Okay then.
Dean looks completely awestruck at that information and tenderly caresses the car. “Amazing. Do you like cars too? What do you drive?”
They both jump when Charlie clears her throat. She looks between them with a smile and says, “I’ll have to text Jess later and tell her how much I love the name. Castiel? Shall we continue on with the questionnaire?
Things have shifted with Elaiza lately. She has changed. He started to suspect something a few days ago, but this cemented it for him. Castiel runs his hands through his sweaty hair. He starts to shiver. He realizes that most of all, he actually wants to get up and leave. Not go back in where she will be. He wants to walk away. To run away. From Elaiza. But he can’t. He realizes that she won’t let her out of his sight after this. Getting away from her right now will be impossible. Too dangerous. He clenches his fists in his hair, steeling himself for her return with the water. He must be strategic about this.
“Listen buddy, we don’t have many parties left before high school is over, so I’m glad we’re going to this one tonight. But, like, I also know that these aren’t really your thing so if you truly want to leave, you just come tell me. Okay? If it gets too much for you then we leave. Don’t want a repeat of what happened two years ago, okay? Promise you’ll tell me if you need to leave?”
“I’d been cooped up all day, so I went for a run,” he bends down to scratch at his bare ankle where dust, pollen, and small shriveled plant parts have stuck to his sweaty skin. He longs for the rain; the spring grass is already beginning to turn into a yellowish brown and his crops aren’t growing as they usually do, the dry air catches a little on its way down to his lungs.
“No! Stay!” Castiel grips Dean’s hand harder. “Please Dean, stay. I mean, if you can, then please stay. I don’t want to be alone right now.”
“Yeah. Well, I need somewhere with a bit of space and access to electricity. A place where it doesn’t matter if I’m a bit rough,” Dean answers, but he quickly adds “I mean, it’s not like I’m clumsy or break things or something. It’s just, you know, mechanical work. Wouldn’t want to ruin these fancy wooden floors or something…” He scratches at the back of neck, still clutching his cell phone in the other hand. Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel sees Charlie’s gaze flit between them.
“Will do – oh okay, great Michael, I’ll be right there, can you take the boys? – Castiel, I have to go, Michael says the taxi’s here now. I’ll see you when we get back, okay? Bye,” she hangs up.
Castiel arches his back, he knows that he really should roll out his yoga mat, but he can’t be bothered tonight. He’s too tired and too full after a surprisingly good dinner. Elaiza is cleaning up in the kitchen. With almost three weeks practice, she’s getting a lot better in the kitchen. Charlie had been right. He needed to be patient when she learned new things, not so much about theoretical stuff since she has access to all information ever recorded, but the practical aspects of cooking take a little time for her to get. He curls his legs under him as he flips through the channels and makes a little pleased sound at the back of his throat as he finds an old English murder mystery that’s about to begin. Television is getting outdated, but he still enjoys it, there’s something about the nostalgia of it that he likes as well as the concept of accidentally stumbling across something that he didn’t know would interest him.
Castiel has started to dread the fast approaching day the android will be finished. He is still looking forward to getting his new companion, but he doesn’t want to lose the company of Dean and Charlie. He will miss them immensely. Charlie seems to know an infinite amount about fantasy, and she can be very quick-witted and funny. She doesn’t come every day, having things to do at the office, but when she is there, she almost fills the entire garage with her happy chatter and bubbly personality. Castiel likes it, it feels homely. And Dean… Dean is like no one Castiel has ever met before. They spend the days talking about everything and anything while Castiel pretends to work and Dean actually works. They discuss music and food; they talk of places they’d like to visit and childhood memories. Castiel is constantly amazed by how easy it is to talk to Dean and he realizes that he doesn’t really want to stop. And that is a problem. Because soon, way too soon, Dean will be done with Castiel’s android and leave. Maybe they’ll see each other, bump into each other downtown or something, but it will not be the same and Castiel tries to be grateful for every moment that he actually gets to spend in Dean’s company. He tries to enjoy it as he listens to the cadence of Dean’s voice and observes the way he moves, almost cataloguing it. Storing it and saving it to remember late. Every day they have lunch together under the oak tree and to Dean’s very obvious delight, they work their way through the stack of pies Gabriel has left in Castiel’s freezer.
“Mhm. Really, really.” They looked at each other and this time neither of them could hold in their laughter.
Castiel nods, “Okay. But seriously, thank you, Dean, you really helped me. I haven’t come out of one that quickly in… well, ever, I think. How did you know what to do?”
She scans over him with her light eyes and Castiel wishes yet again that they were a little darker. The way they are now, as they unblinkingly consider him, remind him too much of a shark. Too light. Too calculating. Too lifeless. Seemingly content with the results of her scan, she nods sharply and says “Yes, you are somewhat dehydrated, and both your pulse and breathing are elevated. It was not wise of you to exert yourself by running when the temperature is this high. Humans are so very fragile. I will fetch you water at once. You should sit down in the shade while you wait. Do not move away.”
“Sam and Jess met at college, in some kind of English class they both had to take, despite the fact neither of them wanted to study English. I don’t know, I don’t understand how that works. Anyway, they didn’t get along. They argued in class all the time, but their classmates said that it was clear that they actually liked each other and still they couldn’t agree on anything. Until they did a group thing about Shakespeare, something about comparing some of the girls in the plays and they realized that they both liked Rosalind the best. And somehow, that led to Sam asking Jess out and now they’ve been together for ten years and agree on basically everything.”
“Yes, I do understand,” Elaiza says and turns her attention to Castiel, “Hello Castiel. It is very nice to meet you. I am certain that I will be truly content here with you and I am going to do my very best to be a good companion to you.”
“Yeah. Um thanks?” Dean doesn’t sound entirely sure of himself if he should thank the android or not as he reaches out to grab the coffee from her.
He leads them out of the kitchen, through the dining room and into one of the smaller rooms leading off of it. He opens a door that to him always has looked a little out of place, like it doesn’t fit in with the rest of the house. “My great uncle had this door put in when he had the garage extended so that he could go directly from the workshop to the house, not needing to go out when the weather didn’t agree with him. Which, to be honest, was most of the time.”
Dean lowers him into a kitchen chair, angled away from the table, and then he reaches up and flicks the ceiling light on, necessary when dusk falls on a stormy night. Dean rummages around in the cabinets, opening and closing a few before he makes a small triumphant noise.
“Castiel, where have you been? You were not in your room, you said you would be writing. I looked for you. You were gone,” she walks closer to him.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice echoed and then he heard nothing at all. It was like the darkness surrounding him consumed all light and all sounds. With nothing but his intuition to guide him he picked a direction and started to walk.
Dean’s lips are soft when they meet Castiel’s, the first kiss is only that, a delicate press of lips, before Dean pulls away an agonizing inch.
Dean almost suspects the start of a new prank war, but then he remembers that Sam’s spending the weekend with Eileen and that Cas had just popped down next to him like he’d been summoned, so he stashes that idea back where it came from.
And before he could realize what was happening, Cas threw himself at Dean, pressing his lips against Dean’s. He had rarely felt so shocked in his life, this was very far from all the scenarios he had dreamed about when thinking about kissing Cas for the first time. While his body didn’t want anything other than to respond to Cas’ soft lips, there was still a part of his brain that knew that this was wrong right now. It felt like he’d never done anything so difficult as to pull away from Cas’ persistent kiss.
“Yeah, that was such an exciting day! We had an improvised party at the CompSci institution when the news came, I don’t think any of us got any work done that day. Good times!”
“Here, eat this. Think you could do with some sugar now,” he says and hands Castiel half a dozen squares of milk chocolate. “Should really get you somethin’ warm and sweet to drink, but this’ll do for now,” Dean says and places a glass of juice on the table. “Drink up Cas, and then we should start with your leg. You got a first aid kit somewhere?”
He locks eyes with Dean. “I’ll miss you too.” Dean just nods, a small and tense thing, there’s a tightness around his jaw.
“Oh yeah. Right,” Dean glances over at Castiel with a strange, almost wistful look on his face that Castiel can’t interpret, before he walks away between the lines of cars.
