Dean pet the owl plush Charlie pushed into his hands the moment she sat him down on her couch.
I just want to throw out a disclaimer: I will not ever be abandoning this fic. Just know that if it takes me awhile to publish a chapter, it just means that my life was busy and/or I was having trouble writing. I'm honestly way too invested in this damn thing to abandon it.
~•~◇~•~
Cas hums, once more, and leans further into Dean's hand.
Cas freezes.
"Have you not been introducing me to older music?" Cas curiously tilted his head in that endearing way that Dean
. "I'm down."
Nowadays, the Roadhouse was the place where Dean would hangout with his friends after work.
“Is there, or is there not something going on with Cas?”
Sorry, I think you'd much rather this handsome ASMRtist did
"Thanks. Really appreciate it, Jo," Dean said, sarcasm leaking through his every pore.
Quick disclaimer: I don't really know anything about LARPing. My tiny amount of knowledge comes from that spn ep, LARP and the Real Girl, and this one time that I ate lunch at a park and some kids were doing a Lord of the Rings LARP.
Before Cas could respond to the (rhetorical) question, Dean swiped up his coffee and shuffled out of the room.
"Today we start reading part two of
With a side of teasing
"You're not helping!"
He exploded in laughter. "I knew it would get you!"
“You've been listenin’ to classical shit,” Dean clarified.
Cas hadn't even noticed the lettering on top in white fondant, too distracted by the colors. He balked. "Gabe!"
This is how Cas found himself sifting through the store room, in search of something helpful. Sam and Dean had organized and catalogued everything in the Men of Letters bunker in an orderly fashion. Cursed objects in warded boxes had their own special shelf. Ancient texts that were too bulky to fit in the library had their own box. Funky ingredients for spells weren't even touched and were left on their respective shelves. There was even a box labeled
“Dean?” Sam asked, not seeing the connection and then—, “What did Dean do now?”
Dean started the day off grumpy as Hell because
"Huh?"
for example: in the aria a girl tells her father that she would kill herself if she could not marry the man she loved. Rather dramatic if you asked Castiel… but oh so human.
, but Dean went with the flow. Anything to get away from a potential chick flick moment.
Cas latches on with his teeth and
It momentarily struck Cas that he basically came out to Dean the other day. He thought he'd been out to Dean since high school, but apparently he hadn't. And considering that, it went pretty well. The entire conversation, which lasted a whopping five minutes, was pretty low-key. After Dean's momentary shock, everything went back to normal. Cas couldn't have asked for a better best friend.
Cas stared at Dean's kiss swollen lips. "... Maybe."
Sam sighed. “Remember when we hunted that leprechaun? Well Cas found some vinyl records while we were away and decided to listen to them. Turns out he liked them and didn't understand why fifties love songs weren't for men, as you told him. We talked about it and I told him he should listen to whatever he wants.” Sam paused. “I guess that means he likes opera.”
In the crappy lighting of their bedroom, Dean and Cas smiled at one another like the lovesick fools they were.
The Winchester brothers were sitting across from one another at the wooden table in the library. “Sam.”
seriously, I'd marry him if I could
Listening to music as a human was an entirely different experience than as an angel. Sure as an angel you could appreciate all of the melodies and see the beauty in the art form, but as a human… as a human you could
"What's up, bitches?" the bubbly computer science teacher greeted her friends.
~•~◇~•~
PSA: Cas uses they/them pronouns and
"Yours," Cas says, and can't help the tears that gather in his eyes. "I love you, Dean."
Dean was pretty sure the universe was fucking with him.
"What?!"
. Ellen continued, "that boy visits every week and still manages to get his work done."
“Oh?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm bisexual."
You have a crush on Thursday's Angel ASMR?
," Balthazar read aloud. He laughed. "Pure genius, Gabe."
(See the end of the chapter for
This will probably be the last update for a bit because I have an essay to finish. Once summer break starts (June 2nd) I will be able to write more often.
Dean shrugged.
~•~◇~•~
The pain in Cas' abdomen crawls to a threadbare hum as he scrapes his teeth across Dean's scent gland.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas."
"But…I think it went really well."
"Oh, well I guess you're comin' with us."
Ah, the thing that kickstarted his whole-ass identity crisis. Dean flushed and murmured, "Can't sleep without you."
"How so, Dean?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Set from the POV of Charlie and Sam.
"Right?!" Gabe looked so proud and Cas just wanted to die. "Hey, mister doom and gloom, why don't you
She sighed.
"Come on, Alpha. Let's get you into the nest," Dean murmurs.
Though the drive back was only seven hours, Dean insisted they relax for a bit. Cas wasn't complaining. He loved the passing scenery on long drives, and especially Dean's company, but the moments in between were nice as well. There was no need to rush.
"I concur."
"Cas, no- fuck. God, I fucked this up. You're my best friend, dude—you're family! I just want to help you." And now Dean is holding him by the shoulders and peering at him with his green eyes speckled with Omega gold and Cas is weak. He gives in.
The bed dips as Dean sits on the edge of the mattress.
~•~◇~•~
This is the final chapter, y'all!
Dean gave her a mock salute and made his way to the break room. It wasn't much—just a small room with a microwave, minifridge, and a table with, give or take, four chairs—but it was comfortable enough to spend his break there.
" the man said lowly. "
That shut up Marie, but they could tell she still had something she wanted to add.
He nodded. "Okay. Yeah, I can do that."
Also, I know you can still be homophobic and have kissed someone of the same sex. It was just Dean's reasoning in his brain. I also want to add that Dean's whole "why didn't Cas tell me?" thing is very unhealthy and no one is obligated to know anyone's sexual orientation, even if you are best friends.
fuck you
I am so sorry this took me SO long! I've just got a chronic illness and school is fucked up and I've been trying to do inktober (key word: trying). So yeah, I'm swamped but I am definitely not abandoning this work.
"There's a discount for newcomers that I can hook you up with. Should cover most of the expenses," Jo said.
The Men of Letters’ vinyl collection was a good start. He found that he quite quite enjoyed the simple harmonies
Cas narrowed his eyes, looking up briefly to give Dean his iconic pissed-off-cat stare. "If you're referring to the possibility they are cursed, as far as I can detect, there are no magical properties."
"Hey, it's the truth."
Cas shuts him up with a kiss.
"Dean?"
"You should probably think this over some more. Think about your past experiences with women…and with men. Think about how the label feels. Think about if you even
"I've been planning this for
Realization seemed to dawn on Dean. "
"... No."
Dean easily drifted off with Cas' body heat enveloping him, crisis forgotten for the moment.
Cas relented, “While you were away hunting, I found the Men of Letters collection of vinyl records. I decided to listen to each record to discern which ones were ruined and which we could keep.”
Once, Cas tried to make something other than pb&j's, which resulted in burnt pasta—yes you heard that correctly. How Cas managed to burn the pasta was still a mystery to Dean, but from then on they agreed to let the Winchester do all the cooking.
"Huh?" Cas opens his eyes. Dean's face is pinched in confusion. "Cas, what are you apologizing for?"
~•~◇~•~
“That's why.”
~•~◇~•~
Cas set down his pen and squinted at him. "Dean Winchester, are you having a gay panic?" Dean wasn't sure if that was what he was going through. It was definitely a sexual identity crisis. Somehow Cas' eyes got even squint-ier. "We've been dating for five months."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean's nest. He is so happy. So content. The one he loves has chosen him and made them a nest and-
"Weightless? Free? Happy? Yeah, happy." Dean took Cas' hand and kissed his palm. "Definitely happy."
A notification popped up on Dean's phone.
~•~◇~•~
"Yes. That's my name," he grumbled.
Dean grunted, which, in Dean speech, meant "find your own Goddamn place to sit". Cas rolled his eyes but conceded. He dropped into the leather armchair facing the window, careful to not spill his drink.
~•~◇~•~
"You're in rut, aren't ya?" Dean's voice has taken on a sympathetic tone.
"Cas, get your lazy ass outta bed! Work starts in 30 minutes!" Dean's yell carried through the walls over the high pitched screeching of Cas' alarm and the faint clanging of pots and pans.
There's a moment of shuffling and blankets tugging until the beds dips and Dean is in the nest, pulling Cas into his arms.
"Dean, just spit it out."
~•~◇~•~
"Welcome, buddy."
okay, that's not ominous at all
"What are you reading?" He blew the steaming cup of coffee before taking a sip. Dean held up the cover of the book so Cas could read the title. Cas scoffed. "
So he tucked his phone in his pocket and hoped for the best—really, that was all you could do when trying to talk to a really hot person.
"Come on Char, what's the fun in having a gay best friend if she doesn't let you make fun of her gayness?"
...I'm familiar with his work
"Cas is taking Baby, so we might have to wait a while—unless you wanna walk to Gabe's."
Dean sucks in a sharp breath.
Dean wasn't exactly sure what could be more important than the revelation that his best friend since childhood
Cas looked him straight in the eyes and deadpanned, "Marry me."
"But I'm not gay because-"
~•~◇~•~
“Keep listening to your music… even if it is for
Charlie was the first to notice them.
Hell if he knew what the guy normally did for fun besides beekeeping and people watching, but Dean reasoned the menial job of organizing salvageable vinyl records seemed like a
Please let me know if there are any typos because (as per usual) I don't have a beta :|
The boys head back to work and everyone ships destiel.
The Roadhouse was a bar owned by Ellen, a family friend and practically Dean's aunt. Even as a kid, Dean was a regular. John would bring Dean 'round to hang out with Ellen's daughter, Jo. Before the Novaks moved in next door to the Winchesters, Dean practically lived off of peanuts from the bar.
He's led backwards to the mattress and pushed down to the pillowy, soft surface. Dean's off of him in a second, tucking him under the blankets. He isn't given any time to protest. But. Wait. Cas doesn't have any blankets with cowboy boots on them. These are
, or as some call it,
of texting me until Monday rolls around if you still want that pretty face of yours attached to your neck. I don't want any distractions."
Speak of the devil, he thought. His heart gave a traitorous
"Nothing. Nothing's wrong," he replied far too quickly. Cas narrowed his eyes.
Cas, who just finished his second bowknot, sighed. "Nothing's different and everything
“Uh huh. Good one.”
"I don't see how love songs are exclusively for women. The majority of my Father's human creations have the emotional capacity to experience love, including men."
Cas hums but it comes out as a deep purr more than anything else. He feels drunk on Dean's scent and careful touch. One of these days Castiel knows he won't be able to get away with this. With indulging selfishly in Dean's friendly touches and his scent that smells like home. One day Dean will find out Cas' secret and never want to see him again.
"...Y'know I'm into Cas, right?"
"Right." Dean flushed. Of
am i rlly that hot???
"Goodnight Dean."
As soon as the food was on the table, Dean scarfed it down. After a long day spent with a bunch of teens (he was certain only a handful of his students were human beings), nothing was better than winding down with his boyfriend and a good meal. A good home cooked meal. "What d'ya think?" Dean asked after swallowing.
Cas took one look at the digital alarm clock and groaned. "What the fuck do you want."
It seemed some sort of God was listening because the guy smiled. And it wasn't one of those smiles from his videos. His crows feet etched fine lines next to his eyes and it felt so
Cas settled back onto his pillow, Dean, and tried not to think about finals week coming up.
"Thank you." Cas popped open the Tupperware container that was in the bag and stabbed a noodle with his fork.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Cas thought. He went to the kitchen anyway, against his better judgment.
identify as."
Cas swiped the thermos of coffee off his desk before walking to the door. Stepping into the hallway, he wove through the sea of hungry, hormonal teens to get to Dean's classroom across the hall. He flippantly wondered what his best friend made them for lunch today.
"Uh huh," Dean draws it out, like it was obvious and normal.
Cas took a leap of faith and said, “In fact, this song reminds me of you.”
He knew he wasn't
Castiel rose with a loud yawn. Like most weekends, he awoke at ten am. Not too late, but not too early. He greatly valued the time he got to sleep in.
Unfortunately for Dean, he and Charlie Facetimed every Sunday night. Why would that be unfortunate? Well, Charlie, the damn bloodhound, wasn't likely to drop the whole seeing Thursday's Angel at the grocery store thing. In short, Dean was doomed.
example, but he wasn't one to argue with Ellen. "'kay, from now on I promise to visit you more."
“Forgive me if I'm reading this wrong,” Cas searched Dean's eyes. He spoke in a hushed voice, “may I kiss you?”
he/him pronouns, as stated in the previous chapter, if you caught that. Most instances where they are referred to as he/him/his are misgendering. And unfortunately, there is dead naming (I say that as if I didn't write it lmao)
Dean didn't really have much experience with guys. He did make out with Gabriel once, but Dean was never attracted to him and they were both so drunk that it was just a funny experience.
Also, don't be surprised if I go back and change this fic to present tense. I've been having a difficult time writing the story in past tense.
“Besides that.”
But Dean and his lovely, content Omega scent and his carefully styled hair that Cas wanted to shake all the product out with his fingers and- well. He had to work. And Dean would be there to welcome him home at the end of the day.
Dean's heart didn't seem to care though.
Castiel has never had a nest. Once, out of desperation during his college days, he attempted to make one. It was pitiful. He had gathered soft belongings of his family members, along with his own blankets and pillows, and tried to arrange them in an appealing manner. It looked horrid. And to make matters worse, his brother Gabriel and his appalling lack of boundaries walked into the room. Cas had broken down then, crying and spilling all his insecurities. An Omega would never nest for him because he was a broken Alpha. Gabriel's attempts at consoling him were, though sweet, useless and humiliating.
"He has his reasons. I'm sure it's nothing bad," Cas reasoned and took a bite out of the cookie.
Cas blinked open his eyes. "Hmmbluhg, Dea-?"
"Yeah?"
—Cas, I
"Dean Winchester, where the hell have you been?" Ellen glared at him, a dish towel slung over her shoulder.
By the time Dean returns with a plate of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and a glass of orange juice, Cas is sweaty and trembling again.
tested him—but it made sense for them.
Sometime in the few months they'd been friends, Dean developed a crush on them. Kind of a massive one, too. It was only a little bit problematic because Dean didn't have the slightest clue what they looked like or where they lived. For all Dean knew, Cas could be some 50 year old, overweight, white person that lived in their mom's basement.
"Uh… Cas? You alright in there? I thought- uh, I heard somethin'." God, it's Dean.
"Dea-" Cas breaks off into a groan as a wave of heat and pain rushes through him. "
~•~◇~•~
"No they're not, but I swear to God it was the funniest shit to hear a seventeen year old out a dead lady—with a fucking poem and a
It should've been a sign that yesterday, his inner Alpha raged at the mere thought of leaving Dean that morning. But it didn't alert him. His instincts were always quite... loud when it came to his Omega best friend, Dean.
"Are you sure? I could have sworn it was the other way around."
"Sam?"
The man chuckled.
is that?" Cas asked, aghast.
. I'll be splitting the class into groups of three to discuss what we've read. No you won't get to pick partners—" A collective groan rang through the room, eliciting a tsk from Dean, "and I don't care that
As he's lathering up with Dean's body wash—shush, it's right there—there's a jitteriness to his movements that he attributes to Dean's absence. His rut makes him so needy for Dean's attention. Attention he knows Dean only gives to him because Dean is a good friend. The best friend.
Dean grabbed Cas' hand and planted a big ol' smooch on it. "I have you."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean raised an expectant eyebrow. When Sam still didn't say anything he continued, "What? Did Jess finally knock you up?"
How did  he forget about bisexuality? It even sounded way more accurate, especially the preference part.
~•~◇~•~
"But why does it look like
Apparently he'd said that out loud because Jo stopped bouncing and looked over her shoulder. "What-?" she cut herself off.
you seen his videos?
~•~◇~•~
Dean wiped his eyes and patted his tangled covers for his loud, annoying phone.
“Jerk.”
~•~◇~•~
now?" Kevin asked irritably. "You know I haven't even read that stupid Sleeping Beauty book."
“Yeah—I mean. I dunno. Maybe. Probably.” Sam raised an eyebrow at Dean's ever so eloquent language. Dean scowled at him.
Tfw watches Game of Thrones in canon so I decided to add that even though I don't watch it.
"That's not funny!"
Sixteen years later, Castiel recounted the story while cuddling Dean, his boyfriend, on their sofa. "...and that's my coming out story."
Castiel knew something was amiss with Dean ever since he picked up the English teacher from school. The whole ride to their apartment, Dean kept tuning in and out of conversations. Usually, Dean was very attentive whenever someone besides himself was behind the wheel of Baby. The man was oddly protective of the black beauty. But today his mind was elsewhere. Cas would like to think that Dean was finally trusting him to be careful with Baby, but he knew better. It only got worse once they got home.
," he rubbed his newly injured arm, "What was that for?"
The plot is moving! Things really get going in the next chapter so look toward to that! Also don't you just love Sam being a little shit?
Cas was right. His coming out could have gone worse. And it did.
Sam glanced back and forth at Dean and Cas. "Is this new news, or..?"
“Hm.”
Cas slumps forward into Dean's arms. Dean let's out a surprised 'oomf-' and then he's holding Cas to his chest, stroking up and down his back. Cas buries his nose in Dean's neck and shudders. He can't help but nose into the scent glands there, breathe in Dean's intoxicating scent.    Dizzily, he thinks, 'I can have this just for this rut. I can pretend.'
ALSO: tags were updated! There is a minor character death in this chapter. It's 10x less graphic than spn canon but be warned. I don't want to trigger anyone.
"Wha—
"I think you could be pansexual or bisexual. Pansexuals feel romantic and sexual attraction regardless of gender."
Sam swept a hand over his face and muttered into his palm, “Oh boy.”
Dean should have expected it when she replied with,
Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Alright, love." He brushed a few strands off Dean's forehead. "How are you feeling?"
Rather than reassure Dean that 'Yes, everything is completely fine', he lets out an even louder distressed whine. He hates how little control he has over his faculties in rut.
have a different gay best friend." A smug smirk threatened to break out across Charlie's face.
; man up and participate in the conversation." He clasped his hands together. "Any questions?"
"Basic." She knocked back her drink and set it down with a satisfying
She settled cross-legged on the counter and stared daggers at Dean.
Cas sighs. This train of thought never leads anywhere good.
"I shit you not!" Dean said as he waved a wooden spoon covered in pesto. He and Cas were in the kitchen. Cas sat on the counter beside Dean as he made some killer pasta. "This kid really fuckin' read their whole-ass poem in the
"Hello Dean." Cas was sitting on the bed, vinyls scattered across the bedspread and a gramophone on the nightstand. However cluttered it seemed, it was the most lived-in Dean had ever seen the room.
Cas stared blankly at the chair Dean had been occupying moments ago.
“Where did I go wrong,” he mumbled.
"The gay gods are pissing themselves laughing watching me run away from hot men like a blushing schoolgirl."
“Don't mention it.” He got up from his seat, grabbing his water bottle, and patted Cas’ shoulder as he passed. When he was just stepping into the map room, Sam turned around and said, “Oh, and Cas?”
Dean rolled his eyes at the moose's enthusiasm and slid into the bench seat across from him. Sam was nursing a glass of water and a basket of greasy sweet potato fries. A beer lay in wait for Dean. He swiped it and took a sip before diving straight into a game of 20 Questions.
Cas stood in the doorway of Dean's classroom. The latter was sitting at his desk typing something on his laptop.
"Shut up, you assbutt." And Cas can't find it in his heart to complain when Dean drags him into another kiss. He could get used to this.
yeah, barely
Dean loudly cleared his throat with a fisted hand over his mouth, "Ah-hem."
Dean choked mid sip. "W—what?!"
He met (well, started talking to) hey-assbutt, or Cas, a few months ago when they—or he, sometimes—reblogged Dean's post with basically an essay on how queer coded Dr. Palmer and Dr. Steele were. Needless to say, they hit it off immediately. And they got along so well.
talk to him.
Upon further reflection in the future, Dean might think dating someone for only a week before deciding to marry them sounded a bit hasty—only on the days when Cas
"You try waking up late because of a weird ass fever dream and you have to rush to your stats class to take an exam which was supposed to start at seven in the morning except you got there at seven forty-five, which means you only have an hour and forty-five minutes to finish the exam when everyone else had two hours."
, did it help. With a little help from a YouTube video he could finally manage more than two hours of sleep.
The two of them were sitting on the sofa; Cas cross legged and Dean with an arm across the back of the sofa, fingers tapping insistently. Reruns of Dr. Sexy M.D. were playing on the modestly sized tv on the wall.
Dean visibly flinched at the thought.
"Bye, guys." With one last check to see that he had his keys and phone, Dean locked the door behind him and headed to the Roadhouse.
Cas took off his reading glasses and pushed his work to the side. He turned to Dean and took his hand. "Sweetheart, I will love and support you no matter what you identify as. I can't tell you what your sexual identity is, but I can tell you that I know you will find something that feels right; whether that means you are bisexual, queer, or choose not to use a label. I know you will find something right in the end."
"Okay, so, there's two that first come to mind that I think you
"Dean, what is this?"
He's wracked with chills and his pajamas stick to his skin, wet and heavy with sweat. The cold wars with the blistering heat radiating from within. It's like he's being pelted with hail and doused with flames in synchrony. His nose twitches and suddenly there's a deep seated ache in his chest. His room smells all wrong. There's nothing but his own scent and it's… wrong.
But he still didn't know what ground he stood on with men. Sure he'd had a man crush on various celebrities, like Harrison Ford, but that was just exercising non toxic masculinity. Straight people were allowed to admit that people of the same sex were hot, right?
gives me tingles? check. super hot? check. into the hobbit? check. funny? check.
"Cassie! Get in here, I have a surprise for you!"
“When you and Dean returned from the hunt, he stopped by my room and found me listening to the music.” Cas paused for a second, looking as if he was searching for the right words. “He insisted that fifties love ballads were for
Some shit happens. Not everything is rainbows and unicorns my friends :(
He backtracked a bit. "I—I mean I've never actually seen him with a guy..."
He picked up his vibrating phone to check who was-
"Not you too," he groused, "I just saw you like four hours ago."
~•~◇~•~
“Dude, as much as I love seeing ya, what the fuck was up with the ominous text you sent me?"
“Nothing of the sort, Sam. I'm simply keeping myself occupied.” He looked up at Sam, noticing his exercise wear. He glanced down sheepishly. “I hadn’t realized it was morning already.”
"Would you mind making room for me?" Cas motioned to the sofa, where Dean was occupying an unnecessary amount of space.
And you just-" Dean seethed, "I was gonna propose
"Charlie told me you're gay."
? You lame-ass fucking—
“D'you know what's going on with Cas?”
"Tried."
Cas adopted the look of a deer in headlights. "Wha-"
"God no, Dean! I was planning on proposing this upcoming Tuesday. She gets home early from the hospital and I was hoping to surprise her with a bath and a massage."
Or would that be cheating on your precious Dr. Palmer?
“What's got you smilin’ over there?” Dean asked as they pulled into a parking spot.
Fourth period was always a bit rowdy—the kids were finally awake, but they were raring to go to lunch. Plus most of them were
Dean didn't even need a moment to think. “Well because they're friggin’ awesome!”
"C'monnnn, it's been ages since we all hung out without Bobby or mom hounding our asses. Plus, you need a break."
As Castiel watched his siblings bicker and banter as usual, he thought his coming out could have gone worse.
He plugged in his headphones and queued up a video by Thursday's Angel ASMR. It was an old favorite,
A man appeared on the screen, a man with black hair, blue eyes, and a sharp nose. A sight for sore eyes, Dean thought dreamily.
Dean's coming out didn't turn out
ur just gonna be an asshole about it
"What about John?"
Cas grunted a greeting and took another sip. Dean chuckled and flipped a browning pancake. Dean knew better than to expect anything coherent to come out his best friend's mouth before he finished his first cup of coffee.
He would often ask Dean about his favorite music. That resulted in long winded conversations about Led Zeppelin's many hits, Freddie Mercury's musical talents, and the meanings behind AC/DC classics. Castiel found himself enraptured by how passionate the man was for something so quizzical to angels. This led to Dean's supposed quest to culture Cas in the ways of quality music:
"Jesus—Charlie! You don't just sneak up on someone like that."
Jeez. Well.
"Kiddo practically jumped at the chance to fill in for 'er. She's so whipped." He scraped the steaming pancake onto a plate piled with the apple filled delicacies. "Last time I saw her like this, she was mooning over Scarlett Johansson." Another chuckle. He poured a puddle of batter onto the pan and dropped a couple apple chunks in. A pinch of cinnamon dappled the pale, bubbling mixture."Which reminds me, I got book club after school today..." Dean licked an index finger coated in cinnamon, forgetting his train of thought. He shook his head and moved onto a different subject. "You good to pick your niece up from school? Jimmy told me they're still up in Sioux Falls; said they won't be home till Wednesday."
Sam let out a long suffering sigh. "I have something to tell you."
I apologize that this chapter is so short, guys. There are only a couple chapters left, but I will be writing timestamps, if anyone's interested!
Dean shrugged and brought the beer to his lips.
Dean shut off his phone and put it back on the nightstand. He pulled his covers up and, to no avail, tried to stop overthinking his identity. He supposed he could ask Cas about it, but it just felt too personal. Not that it was too personal of a thing to talk to Cas about, God no, just that it would be more
Gabriel waved them off and took a bite of green beans. "Yeah, yeah. Majority rules gay though, so get over your selves."
"I've been making you all your favorite foods, writing you notes—fuck—I went to a fancy honey convention and bought you some ungodly expensive bee shit!" Cas' lungs seem to have stopped functioning. "And when your rut arrived today," Dean's face flushes bright red, "I thought maybe you'd wanna claim me."
That, combined with his crush on Thursday's Angel ASMR, told Dean that his heart was an idiot.
~•~◇~•~
as my bff the lesbian would say, he's a dreamboat
to let his closest friend in on such an integral part of his life? Did he not trust Dean enough to share that secret?
Me? An asshole? Unavoidable.
Dean, bless his soul, looked positively offended.
He went from Chopin and Tchaikovsky to Verdi and Puccini. He found the piano pieces beautiful in their stripped down simplicity, but once he stumbled upon opera, he was entranced. The combination of the wavelengths of the sound waves in those scores was just… heavenly. The fullness and the range of octaves sung reminded him of his brothers’ and sisters’ true voices. Of course it was not an exact match, but Castiel supposed it was the closest humans could get to the angelic voice. The lyrics were certainly very human. Take
Dean shared a look with Cas that loosely translated to, "
Castiel frowned at Gabe’s nonchalance.  Maybe he wasn’t being as serious as he had thought.
Cas didn’t give a shit where Dean’s inspiration came from as long as he would man-handle him a little and fuck him.  “Then you better make sure no one mistakes me for being available.”
A nice long chapter!  Gabe loses a friend.  Sam and Dean find themselves running around the neighborhood at night.  And Castiel is leaving in a biiiiiig rush.
Castiel looked up at Dean, sliding his thumb back and forth against his hand.  “Wild, was the word he used.”
Cas grinned, taking another sip of coffee.  Dean gave Sam a bit of a warning look but smiled easily enough after seeing Cas’ face.
“Uh-oh!  Looks like the hubby’s getting jealous, Cassie!  I better save this little party for later.”  Balthazar had chuckled and went the other direction as Dean approached.
“There’s my boys!” Ellen grinned, nudging Fletcher’s elbow.
“It’s true,” Cas corrected.
Dean exited off the highway, following the round, banking curve of the exit ramp until it ended at a T.  There was no other traffic besides Sam’s headlights behind them.  A green sign with white lettering told them it was left to Crooks and right to Sioux Falls.
“Nice to meet you,” Cas said, staring up at her.
“About?”
“Define ‘anything’,” Castiel said quietly, pressing Dean back a step toward the bed.
Gabe popped a lollipop into his mouth.  Sunday in Charming Acres.  It was so domestic.  Since his Samshine was stormy with a chance of rain (thanks to Cindy Smith - who he’d pegged a bitch from her first ‘Oh you!’), he figured he needed to cheer his Samshine up a bit.
“Why?” Gabe asked, looking desperate for something normal to come out of Bobby’s mouth next.
“You did,” Dean grinned with a cocky tilt.
“You get sprinkles for the good song choice,” Ellen said, sitting his ice cream on the bar, Fred eyeing it with interest.
“Well, look who decided to show,” Wayne’s wife Nellie  said, leaning close to Madge.
Seeing a lump that was either a large stump or a man, he worked his way closer, shining his light on the mass.  The beam illuminated a dingy blue and white trucker cap and now he could hear the soft sounds of snoring.
“Practice with what, exactly?” Dean practically growled.
This was not the first time Chuck had called when he was trashed.  The brothers worked silently to get out of the house without waking their mother.
“Can I go over to Sam’s?”  He tapped his foot, knowing this was a redundant but necessary conversation.  Adults always insisted on being informed of every move.  Well, his mother, anyway.  She would ask if his homework was done, he’d say yes, and she’d say be back by dark.
“Shut up,” Sam laughed.  He pulled Dean off the desk and bear-hugged him.
“No,” Gabe grinned.  “A mistake would involve one of us sitting here without the other.  As long as we’re together, there’s no mistakes, just...really good stories for another day.”
No one said anything.
A lot of people knew Goldy, making the viewing a well-attended affair.  For as crowded as the room quickly became, Melanie was the sole survivor of her family.  She stood at the front of the room in a simple, black dress with her friend Camille by her side.  As they neared them in line, Melanie hugged Cas tightly, fresh tears wetting her cheeks.  She hugged Dean next, holding his hands tightly as she braved a smile and sniffled, “Well, this sucks.”
“Why did you tell Gabe the wedding might be off?”
Sonny’s eyes darted over to the man who took a stool at the bar.  “Jimmy?  Sure.  He runs The Emporium down the block.”
“Jack.  I think he knows his name too.  When I say it, he looks at me all cute and squishy-like.”
“Might not be a good idea,” Dean frowned stepping back.  “Not if you’re drinking.”
He heard Dean breathe a soft sigh.  Castiel sighed after him.  He never remembered his dick feeling so hard.  So intense.  Had Dean’s hand continued to touch his bare skin, he feared he would come in his pants.  Even now, as his libido slowed, and his erection softened, he wanted more.  And if he wanted more from Dean, he was going to have to get braver.  Dean seemed to be good at pulling the plug before Castiel broke through lines he couldn’t uncross.  He followed his lead, trusting in his boundaries.
“And a flannel,” Crowley grinned.
“Me too,” Cas said, grinning out at the oncoming night.  “I’ve missed you.”
“While I was on the phone with Sam and Dean, I got another look at the bushes in Ed and Madge’s yard.  Then they had all these dried leaves and berries in the basement.  It got me thinkin’, so I did some googlin’.”
Oh shit.  That was dry.
“Ooohhh.  The sneak away.  Can’t blame you there.  I have been...not so nice to Gabriel in the past.”
Fuckers.
Dean whined with urgency.
Luc giggled again.  “So shy!”
“So is he.  Now more than ever.  You definitely got through to him.”
No one but him.  And Dean.
“Has anyone said anything?  Do people ask you if I’m gay?”
Cas huffed a laugh.  “It is fulfilling work.”
“I know,” Dean chuckled, squeezing Cas’ cock hard enough that Cas’ mouth parted.  “You said you’d follow me anywhere.  You might as well follow me over the edge.”
Dean shrugged.  “That’s your answer, Sam.  I think you were the first one to talk me down.  This house is...intimidating.  Marriage sounds intimidating.  But I did it.  And you’ve always been a hell of a lot more sensible than me.”
“Not fair?” Cas chuckled, getting Dean moving by supporting him under one arm.
“It’s not my door,” Rufus said, matter of fact.
“Cas will be fine, I promise,” he swore, patting her hand.
“Come on!  Shopping!  Chicks!  Dudes!  Games!”
Castiel frowned.  He swallowed all the fear and anger that threatened to boil over.  “If you won’t leave, then I won’t either.”
“No,” Sam cut him off, “we’re not saying that.  But...you should be careful.  And take her to dinner.  And apologize.”
Dean sat up, staring at him.  “Then?”
“Who else is running?” Cas asked.  Sam had just been wondering the same thing.  Maybe they weren’t the only ones on to Chip Harrington practically owning the police department and covering up crimes.
Ed pointed the knife calmly, smirking.  “We assimilated.”
“What?” Castiel asked softly.
Wayne nodded slowly.  “Just money.  He has no stomach for the kind of deals we make.”
“Is that what your psychic tinglings tell you?” Gabe grinned.
*******************************************************
They all got in the Impala, Dean driving it to Rufus’ house, giving Dean, Sam, and Cas access to the back door while Bobby and Rufus continued up to Lily Dale Lane, walking up to the Carrigan’s front door to knock on it.
“No sleuthing without me!”
Both women glared harder and Maggie got in her car to leave as Sue marched back inside the house.
“He’s scared.  There’s a basement door that he’s not allowed in.  And, and he’s seen a diamond bracelet on a velvet pillow.  A stolen bracelet.”  She looked up at Melanie.  “And Goldy’s necklace.”
******************************************
“Krissy and I have been talking.  She passed tenth grade.  Barely.  And it’s because I’m dragging her all over the damn country.  We were...wondering, it was just a thought, mind you, that maybe she could stay here from September through November to get through the first half of the school year online.  With some stability.”
Castiel let go of Dean’s dick, grabbing him around the shoulders and head to hang on as Dean turned him, pushing him flat on his back.
Dean regretted it as soon as he fully turned around, seeing Father Murphy standing there looking sober as a judge.  They seemed doomed to always make a shitty impression on the priest, even if it was swear-like-a-sailor-Murphy.
He glanced up at the smoky sky.  The fireworks were over.  Gabe and his friends would be looking for them.  He wanted to tell Sam and Gabe what happened.  He had kissed Dean!  But Dean hadn’t really meant it.  The moment was not meaningful to Dean.  Not life-changing like it was for Castiel.
He sat next to her, saying nothing.  They watched a good ten minutes of the movie before she sighed snuggled into his side.
Gabe bit his lip, not wanting Marion put in a bad position.  And she was a bit of a gossip, so he didn’t really want to give away too much.  “I don’t know, Marion.  But I’ll find out.  And don’t worry about Cas.  He’ll be fine.”
“My boss has it all figured out already,” Gabe chuckled, taking a big bite of his burger.
The boys begin their A+, top-dog sleuthing!  Time to question some neighbors!!!
“We do!” All of them assured her.
The cell door was unlocked, and he was shoved inside.  Half tripping, he stumbled into Cas’ hands.  “Breaking and entering,” Dean shrugged, winking at him with a grin.
“He did,” Cas nodded sadly.  “I specialized in hospice care during my last three assignments.  It’s one of the reasons I’m looking for a change.”
He giggled, cuz fuck yeah.  He pulled his feet back, sitting up better.
“Wait,” Sam said frowning, looking into each room again.  “Do Justin and Cindy have separate rooms?”
“Right,” Balthazar swallowed hard, looking extremely nervous.  “I truly am so sorry.”
“Please,” Gabe scoffed.  “He was up and went for a run, then had a shower.”
Charlie took one look at him and held up her index finger. "Hold on. Bisexuals can feel romantic and sexual attraction for a person of any gender. Some bisexuals have a preference for a certain gender, but that doesn't mean they don't feel attraction to any other gender."
Cas really should have known it was coming. He has his rut every three months. It is marked on his calendar, on his phone, and his work never fails to give him a week off.
?), waltzed into Bobby's shop with his ugly ass car and blindsided Dean, again. It felt like those gay Gods Charlie loved were plotting to embarrass-
And yes, I named her Eunice.
his alarm was set on the weekend.
"Sorry, D, but look at them. Reminds me of my high school days." She sighed wistfully.
"I've come out to everyone that
" Dean giggled as he grated parmesan onto two plates of pasta. His stomach growled, which signaled it was time to stop creating a tiny mountain of cheese. "C'mon, grab a plate. Forks are on the table."
The two had a system. Dean would make lunch—since Cas' idea of a good lunch was peanut and jelly sandwiches—and on their way to the teacher's lounge, he would pass the lunch to Cas.
He then took to YouTube. Somehow, after much perusing, he stumbled upon classical music.
Balthazar walked into the kitchen. "Do I smell cake?"
"I hate you."
Ah, so he had made the right assumption about math. He was about to respond when Balthazar butted in. "I've often heard gays use the excuse of being gay for being bad at math."
“So, uh. Opera huh?” Dean said as he rolled up the wrapper from his burger and stuffed it in the takeout bag.
Cas groaned and scrubbed an eye crusted with sleep before blindly reaching to silence the alarm clock. The brunet welcomed the quieter atmosphere with open arms as he dressed for the school day and prattled into the kitchen.
"That's it?"
shhhh, don't say it so loud
but yeah
~•~◇~•~
. Dean's heart lurched when he saw just who texted him.
Pulling the Alpha card is unfair—he is powerless to deny Dean anything.
He'd been on Tumblr ever since his favorite Dr. Sexy, M.D. chat room shutdown (apparently maintaining a website was expensive) and everyone jumped ship. Turned out that Tumblr was an exponentially better place to scream into the void. He could post about whatever the hell he wanted… and he didn't have to worry about the homophobes coming out of the woodworks to shit on Dr. Palmer and Dr. Steele's obvious pining.
It seemed his favorite ASMRtist was too handsome and sweet for his own good.
Admittedly, it's a pretty shitty kiss. Cas' teeth catch on Dean's top lip and tongue is added a little too enthusiastically too early… but it's everything Cas could have hoped for because it's
"You okay there, buddy?" Dean's voice is pitched low and soft. Almost placating. And then his hand comes in contact with Cas' forehead.
~•~◇~•~
I CABT DUCKING BRETH
It took him a few drawn out moments before he realized what she meant.
Cas' looked so hopeful, with bright eyes and that tilted smile of his, but all Dean could think was,
"This was probably stupid and-"
"Sounds good." Cas licked his thumb and leafed through the assignments.
"Nope."
Jimmy, Michael, and Luc chimed in, asserting their straightness.
Dean wipes the sweat from Cas' forehead, which quickly beads up again. Castiel must look a disgusting mess.
Cas shifted so he was facing Dean and slightly tilted his head. He wasn't sure where this line of questioning was going.
It shouldn't bother him. It really shouldn't. Really. It's not like it
. Cas gripped the doorknob and opened the door with a twist.
With a gentle smile he said, “I know.”
"Jesus." Dean scrubbed both hands over his face. "Just drop it, dude. 'Kay?"
~•~◇~•~
"Oh." This is everything Cas has ever wanted. "Oh,
Charlie paused her search for chocolate to yell, "Same for me, Dean Bean! Tell Jo I'll miss the eye candy though! Have fun!"
Dean was backing into his spot in the school parking lot (it wasn't really his spot, he just liked to think it was), some months later, when he brought it up. "I think I'm ready to start coming out to people."
“You know I'm not a woman, right?” Dean joked with a shaky laugh that was more a puff of air.
"Yeah, please." Dean's hands come down to rest in Cas' hair, pushing him towards Dean's scent gland.
"Okay." Cas pushed himself up from Dean's chest so he could see him better. "Let me know if that changes." He kissed Dean. Softly. Just a quick press of lips against lips. "Okay?"
"I don't know. I gotta work and there's this essay due Wedn-"
Dean walked straight into a display of bananas. "You too," he managed weakly.
"Nothing's different. Everything's normal." Reverse psychology would work, right?
Sam chuckled and shook his head fondly as he took a seat across from Cas. “Been there, man. Seriously though, are you hunting for a case? I can stay behind next hunt if you want to go. I know you've been cooped up for awhile, it might be nice to get some fresh air and field work.”
~•~◇~•~
~•~◇~•~
And if you've been subscribed, then you know I update sporadically. My chronic illness paired with school doesn't leave me a lot of time to focus on this hobby, but I try my best :)
"Gimme a sec, Cas; I forgot to send in attendance." Dean tapped a few buttons before closing the laptop. He slid open a drawer and pulled out two brown paper sacs. Lunches in hand, Dean headed over to his friend with a smirk and a gleam in his eye. They walked down the hallway side-by-side. A few students loitered the halls, chatting amongst their small friend groups as they munched on chips and other snacks.
Dean sat in the swivel chair behind the counter, fiddling his fingers. Charlie was putting some books away on a nearby shelf. The kids were sitting around a decrepit orange oval table. The sickly paint was scuffed and peeling, worn from years of use. Kevin was picking at the orange paint, seemingly bored by whatever Marie had to say. Alex was skimming through her own book, not paying Marie any attention either. Maeve seemed to be the only one remotely interested in the girl's rant; and even she was dismissing her opinion.
Yes, until then.
She leveled him with one of those terrifying mom glares, which was kinda weird considering she wasn't even a mom.
“Dear holy what?”
i'm leaving
"Come on, Eileen, to loo ra ay," Jo crooned in Dean's ear as he sipped his beer. She giggled as he swatted her away.
“Yeah,
"-I made for Cassie!"
Cas simply shook his head.
wanted to be Han Solo, to the point where he'd stare at a picture of Harrison Ford until he salivated.
Although he generally hated mornings, Saturday mornings weren't too bad. Because it was too fucking early on a weekend, he had a few hours to himself. A few hours without smelly, loud, hormonal teenagers and annoying co-workers droning on about meaningless things. He was still silently berating himself for setting the alarm, but the early morning was kinda nice. The sun was rising, causing the sky to turn bright orange with wisps of pink. Birds were chirping eagerly. The cup of liquid gold warming his hands was doing wonders for wiping away his foul disposition.
Um my version of angst is just killing characters so myuhahahaha ! ! !
, I thought he was your study date," he let out a low groan and scrubbed a hand over his face, "Y'know how you were always tutoring kids. God, I'm
"Leftover pesto pasta salad from last night. Just added some fresh tomatoes, but it's pretty much the same. Also, I packed some of those oatmeal raisin cookies mom made that you love
Dean groaned.
Yes, it was juvenile and stupid, crushing on an unattainable person he knew virtually nothing about, but it was harmless. And pathetic.
I will if you ever tell me who they are
"Charlie." Cas nodded his head in acknowledgement and sat next to Dean, who slid a paper bag over to him.
"Okay."
Yes, terribly sorry.
A hush settled over the class as the students fell out of their conversations and awkwardly looked to Dean, whose eyes were darting pointedly between his students and the board. The more attentive kids caught on quickly and sifted through their backpacks to follow the instructions written on the whiteboard.
“Well you're—you're an idiot.” Dean pointed an accusational finger at Sam.
"What are we having for dinner?" Cas asked as he set his bag on the coffee table. He wanted to get most of his students' work graded so he could enjoy the weekend. He pulled out third period's folder, a pen, and his trusty reading glasses.
~•~◇~•~
Cas gave him an incredibly soft look that practically oozed affection and slid under the covers beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas treasured that mixtape more than his trusty trench coat. The trench coat could be replaced, the mixtape however, could not. It was a token of his and Dean's friendship, a labour of love.
Sorry if the hospital part wasn't very accurate. I'm just going by the times I've been admitted and what I've seen on tv. Granted my own experience was urgent but not emergency. I wasn't rushed into surgery like Jimmy or Amelia; I've just been booked into a room for a week on multiple occasions. Grey's Anatomy was pretty helpful for this lol.
A lil domestic scene for Destiel and we learn that Sam is a bitch. But isn't that his job as a little brother?
He stared at Thursd-
As per usual, comments are much appreciated!
But until that day, Cas will be selfish. He inhales deeply.
“Hey Cas.” He took a second to observe Castiel flipping through an aged journal. Sam's eyebrows brows furrowed and he set his water bottle on the table. “What's up? Found a new case?”
I had to put that bit about A/B/O at the end lol. I delighted in traumatizing my mom by informing her about A/B/O. She screamed at me to stop and I retorted, "But you haven't even heard about the ass babies yet!!!" It was hilarious. I may be evil.
Leave me your thoughts in the comments!
"Hi." Shut up shut up shut up shut up, he thought. Dean cleared his throat and pointed at the avocados. "Just wanted to tell you that all the avocados are either wayyy too green or so old that they're mush. Trust me, I spent a while digging." He laughed compulsively and hoped he didn't come off as psychotic.
*asmr
"Nothing has fundamentally changed. You're the same exact person, just with some new realizations about yourself you'd like to share." Cas walked up behind Dean and placed his hands on his boyfriend's shoulders.
with Cas. Charlie always had a way of keeping stuff fairly casual. He would talk to Cas about it at some point, probably after he'd figured things out a bit more.
Hey y'all! I am back with a new installment! This was such a fun chapter to write, so I hope y'all enjoy it!
Charlie popped up from behind Dean's chair. "Look at those little bookworms."
"Exactly. I get to gloat since I'm the one who finally coaxed the hermit out of his cave." Ellen set their drinks down in front of them. A draft beer for Dean and brandy for Jo. "Thanks, mom."
~•~◇~•~
And you replied with,
"Gabe?" he called as he dropped his backpack on the sofa.
you."
(See the end of the chapter for
[Image Attached]
“Why do you enjoy Led Zeppelin?”
"Good morning, Dean."
Dean rolled onto his side, blankets twisting with him. He was an insomniac. And he was fine with that. Between his Bachelor's degree and working at uncle Bobby's garage, there was only so much sleep he could fit into a day.
, and,
"I didn't even get his name, Red!"
"It's good," Dean muttered.
by the Beatles to help him fall asleep. With a quick Google search, Cas found the song and hit play. He thought it was quite enjoyable. There weren't many harmonies, but the mellow melody accompanied by the piano and drum set made it one of the more pleasant songs he'd heard. He found that he almost favored it to
The jingling of the bells above the main door cut through the song playing on the jukebox.
Cas nuzzles there for a moment, kissing and nipping at the skin there.
"Cas,
With a polite, if not slightly awkward wave, Dean hurried off to his room.
With his rut calmed for the moment, the fog in Cas' brain clears enough to realize what just happened. An icy pit opens up in his stomach. "Dean, I am
Cas blearily blinks his eyes open to see Dean deposit the sandwiches and drink on the nightstand. A pained rumble erupts from his chest.
by Mozart. I've recently discovered that he isn't quite as
Thank you to everyone who has read this! I am so grateful for each and every comment and kudo! They've really kept me going since I started this fic last year. Please let me know what your thoughts are of the fic as a whole, this chapter, ask me questions, and leave any ideas you have for timestamps in the comments! I'd love to hear anything and everything you have to say! 💕💕
Dean licked his lips.
"Man, that's awesome! 'Bout damn time if ya ask me...Wait, shouldn't you be telling mom and dad, or Jess' parents?"
When he looked up from his phone, he nearly dropped it. Right across from Dean, fucking squeezing avocados, was Thurday's Angel ASMR
"Oh—right, book club!" Dean abruptly blurted as he remembered what he was talking about earlier. "Since Dorothy's off sick, she can't help me out. Asked Charlie for help but she decided to be a pain in my ass." With an off-put sigh and a mouth full of maple syrup saturated pancakes, he informed Cas, "Had to bribe the shit out of her with donuts from Gabriel's."
Dean was
Cas peers out of his mound of blankets as Dean approaches him slowly, like he's seen people approach lions on the Discovery Channel.
"So…" He chewed on his bottom lip. "What am I?"
"I uh," Dean lowers his eyes, a submissive gesture that has Cas' inner Alpha purring. "Well. I thought a nest might help you. I know you've never had one before and," he scratches the back of his neck, "I've watched enough of that nest show on HGTV to make a decent one."
Like I literally cannot write any other kind of angst. So ya get hurt/comfort because I'm sOfT
After watching Dean retreat from the room, Castiel decided it would be best to stop sorting through the records for the day. His friends just returned from an exhausting hunt and he didn't want to disturb their much needed sleep. After stacking the vinyls, Cas walked to the library. Maybe he would spend the night compiling the Men of Letters’ sparse data on angels and correcting the many inaccuracies. It would certainly help keep his mind off of how odd Dean had acted upon his departure.
"It's just a book, Marie. Besides, conflict is good for the plot."
“It's nothing, I suppose.”
Doing field work was a nice change of pace for Castiel. Sam kept his word when he offered to stay behind for the next hunt. It was a simple milk run, as the Winchesters said. Just a couple of vampires. Dean and Cas were in and out in under thirty minutes. Really, the most time consuming part was figuring out where the nest was. And after that? As easy as pie… also a phrase Dean used.
~•~◇~•~
If you enjoyed this fic, you can subscribe to the series to see more of this 'verse... or you could subscribe to me if you're interested in more in general :)
Dean sneezes. "Shit. Fuck. Why do you smell like sad Alpha? Was this- did I do something wrong?"
me to say anything else?"
Dean downed the rest of his coffee and set the cup in the sink with a clatter. He'd deal with it later. For now, he had a hot date with Vonnegut.
gimme some feedback, dude. from one not straight person to another, he's hot isn't he
~•~◇~•~
Dean wanted to slap that smug look off her face. Unfortunately, his mama taught him something called "values" so all he could do was sigh and resign himself to death.
"Heya, kiddo." Dean ruffled the redhead's hair and pulled out a chair beside her.
“That's what you're worried about?” Sam said dryly. “Cas trying to impress a girl?”
"Hopefully drown me in the Atlantic."
"Dean.." Cas warned with an arched brow. Dean huffed and pulled both hands into his lap, staring intently at the clasped fingers.
"What do you need, Cas? I'm right here."
"Let me have one more sip-" Jo dragged him by the arm. His drink sloshed as he stumbled after her. The jukebox sat, menacingly, in front of them, playing Come on Eileen for the umpteenth time that night. Jo snatched his drink and downed it before twirling with his hand in hers. "I hate you."
You have a cruUuush
normal, love."
BET YOU WEREN'T EXPECTING THAT, WERE YOU!
“It reminds me of those of whom I grew up with—my angelic brethren. Of course I use ‘grew up’ as a loose term, but all the same. It reminds me of the beauty that was my brothers’ and sisters’ true voices.”
When they re-emerged from the bedroom later that night, both men had a ring on their left hand.
"Love you too." Cas' heart seizes and a tear slides down his cheek. Dean smiles cheekily. "Can't believe you didn't notice I was
Dean shook his head with a smile. "Yeah, okay. I can give you that."
Cas rounded the couch to see Dean sprawled on his belly, perched on his elbows reading a book.
"Uh huh." He fiddled with the bird's wings.
Castiel hates his rut. It's sweaty and uncomfortable and painful and nothing like those portrayed in Hollywood or the pornos Dean is fond of. The instinctual urges society loves so much—mating and breeding—have never been appealing to Cas. Rather than locking an Omega on his knot for the duration of his rut—a thought he finds nauseating—he'd rather share a nest with his mate and find comfort in their scent and presence.
"Yeah."
It was already shaping up to be a pretty nice Sunday since he managed to nab the very last space heater at Walmart. Score.
Dean kicked the door stopper and silently ushered his students into the classroom with the wave of his hand. The kids flooded into the room, chatting with their classmates as they took their seats. Dean walked to his desk and leaned against it, waiting for the kids to follow the directions written in blue on the whiteboard.
he had to bring that up. "Well, uh, looks like your car is gonna need a new transmission." Jimmy's face fell.
Rowena sat at the neighboring, albeit a little smaller, table holding a mug of steaming tea. Her eyeliner looked a little fiercer than usual. Must've been a grouchy morning. Missouri sat next to her, blowing on something that resembled chilli. Benny stood in the corner of the room at the counter. He pulled a tv-dinner out of the microwave.
Castiel cut off Jimmy, who was midway through saying something stupid, like how much he hated geometry. "I'm gay."
if she loves him doesn't mean that she isn't in love or won't fall in love with him. Give her a bit to process how she is feeling and maybe she'll realise it's love, maybe she won't."
Cas paused and looked him straight in the eyes. Dean was used to the staring, but sometimes the angel's unwavering gaze unnerved him a bit. This was one of those times. "You don't enjoy love songs? Is
“Oh yeah?” Sam grinned.
“Where’re you going?” Gabe asked, seeing him walk past his room with a bag.
Both mothers laughed.  Naomi turned to him again.  “Sure.  Be home by dark, okay?”
We made it!  This chapter rounds up another ending for the boys!
Bobby shook his head, slumping in his seat.  “You are NOT getting involved with -“
At age 26, he owned his own first home.
This wasn’t the first time Gabe had said this to him.  But Castiel trusted no one.  And he knew Gabe was a blabber-mouth.  He did mean well though.  “I know,” he answered quietly.
“Aw, fuck,” Dean cried quietly, hunching his shoulders as his hand raced along the cum-slicked cocks.
Bobby, sitting in the chair with an empty bowl by his foot and a beer in his hand, gave him a nod.  “Jus’ catchin’ up with the crew.”
Cas’ attention swung to Crowley with laser-sharp precision.  “What’s your role in this, Crowley?”
“I think we all know what we’re doing,” Dean said.  “Let’s call this a wrap for now.”
Dean ran his hand back up, over his chest, over his shoulder and down his arm.  The caresses continued and Castiel relaxed, the goosebumps went away, leaving warm trails along his skin.  His nerves relented, flowing instead to heat.  His skin flushed all over, not in embarrassment, but an electrified reaction to the warm hand sliding across him.
Bobby was peering at the group Gabe was in as well.  “Yeah.  They devour first and ask questions later.”
“Well, I moved back to town and this place went nutballs while I was gone!  This Chip Jackass is covering up crimes left and right!  People are dying every other week in that nursing home.  And I can’t figure out how!  And...”
Poison tea?  Dean’s thoughts raced.  Cas must be talking at the station.  He must have said something about Mahoney and the tea!  The dried leaves and berries in the basement were tea!  The Carrigans were making poisonous tea?  And giving it to Wayne to use on the patients at Sunset Fields?  Wayne!  Cas must have got caught looking at the tea in Wayne’s office and confronted them!
Cas frowned.  “How -”
“I’m good,” Gabe assured them.  “I just forgot how frail they can be.  It just caught me off guard.”
He and Gabriel had sat upright in shock of seeing him there.
Cas grinned kindly at her, locking the med drawer of the cart in front of him.  “What can I help you with, Sheriff?”
“This is gonna work,” Dean insisted.  “I think we have more than enough people involved as it is.  We’ll figure out where the jewelry is going, who’s moving it, and then who they’re working with at Sunset Fields.”
Dean braced himself with both hands on the door, letting his body press back into Castiel’s.
Castiel sighed.  “Yes.  Apparently, a month is sufficient enough punishment. So, I’ll be free this weekend.”
“That guy.  Sully.”
“Morning,” Sam grinned.
“Gabe?”  Castiel stammered.  “Gabe!”
“What?” Dean asked.  “Why is that weird?”
“Oh a few here and there,” Madge explained.  “We may have gotten a little greedier as the months went by.  But hey, we blend in!  We’re just your average neighbor!  We play bridge on Tuesdays and Fridays!”
“I’m sorry I didn’t take your word more seriously.”  He took Dean’s hand in his own.  “I just always thought Balthazar joked around like that.  He flirts with every one.  I assumed...well, I assumed incorrectly.”
Currently, Cas was sitting in a chair, holding two ice cream containers, the dogs licking them hungrily.
“What?” Castiel managed.
“Yeah,” Luc grinned at his son.  “He does that a lot.”  He looked back up at Castiel.  “Wanna watch a movie?”
They all nodded, going to bed for the first time in Crooks.
“I was fortunate enough to be a home-care nurse for a patient that was fairly wealthy.  They spoke English, so I often had to communicate with the doctor and the pharmacy on my own.”  He grinned wryly, seeming to remember something that had happened.  “They were all a pleasure to work with, making it probably one of my favorite, and most difficult, assignments.”
Cas wanted to offer his opinion that if this were the case, and were his research more sound, he surely would have gotten more recognition by now, but he held his tongue.  After all, this man was now his boss.  He closed the pack and looked back at Wayne.  “What makes you think he didn’t survive alien testing?”
“Oh?” She asked, leaning forward with curiosity.
“Stop worrying,” he said softly, kissing him again.  “I love you.”
“It’s not all about touch,” Dean whispered in his ear.  “Sometimes it’s what you say.”  He leaned up a notch, his eyes dropping from Castiel’s eyes to his mouth.
Castiel whipped it back.  “No.”
“Okie doke!” Garth grinned.  “It’s gonna be a hot one today!  Have fun at the lake!”
Castiel groaned.
“Well, tell us how you really feel,” Gabe grinned.
Castiel got back in the car and left.  He left Dean to figure out how to explain his outburst away.  Left him to hang on another girl.  Left him to be his straight self he wanted to portray to the world so bad.  He was sick of sneaking around.  Lying.  Hiding.  He’d had it.  He drove as far as he could and as long as he could to get himself away.
“Yeah...maybe,” Sam nodded.
“Maybe they’re planning a surprise party FOR his wife,” Sam argued, finally joining them in their spying.
“And frankly, I’m tired of beef roast.  Ms. Dowling serves the same dinner every night.  And as good as it smells and as much as I appreciate it, she overcooks the roast every time!”
Chuck nodded.  “I don’t know why I always go so overboard with it.  But it’s not worth it.  I have plans.  I’m going to be a writer someday.  A good one.  Not a drunk, lonely one.  Who knows...maybe I can get my dad to snap out of it too.”
Castiel groaned.  “Why do I keep messing this up so bad?”
“Dean!” Sam said in shock, looking like he had no idea what to say.
She stopped, pulled the earbuds out and turned to him with a perturbed look.
“Sure did.”  Dean sat the toolbox back in the closet and washed his hands.  “It looks good.”
The kiss that came was softer than last time.  But nowhere anything like Dean.  Luc pressed harder, pushing his tongue inside Castiel’s hesitant mouth.  Castiel was caught trying to function and trying to figure out if he even wanted this.  Luc’s hand pulled his hair, pulling Castiel away from the kiss.
His chest threatened to explode as Dean stroked his cock, humming with impressed desire.  Cum pumped and streaked the bed, Dean’s hand, and the headboard.
“I’m all sweaty from running,” Cas fretted, taking the borage of kisses Dean was giving him.  He pulled Dean’s shirt off, running his open palms down his back.
Luc picked him up, putting him up to his shoulder, patting his back gently.  “Think you can help me out?”
“This looks like a doctor office waiting room with a bed in it,” Dean said.
Gabriel rolled his eyes, walking away.  Sam sat down.  “You okay, Cas?  Dean wouldn’t even talk to me last night.  He wouldn’t say anything about where you were.”
Cas’ intense eyes slid over to the cause of all the anger.  Balthazar standing in front of the fireplace.
Sam relented, giving his brother a nod.  “Alright.  Let’s see this through.”
“Dean!”  Sam huffed, opening the door.  “Quit taking a shower when I’m already taking one!”
“Yes,” Gabe and Sam answered.
“That’s the business Gary, Don, and Justin were talking about at the picnic.  Bobby Singer owns all that land and there was an argument about posting that sign, since Bobby refuses to sell them the land for the strip mall they want to build,” Cas said.  “I wonder what will happen now that Gary won’t be participating?”
“Let’s just say I got bailed out just in the nick of time,” Dean said, shivering.  “Alaskan jails are no fucking joke.”
Gabe hugged Fletcher a little tighter.  “If Garth pulls out Mr. Fizzles, I’ll take my shoe off and beat him with it.  Deal?”
“My light went out,” Castiel laughed, coming to a stop.  Dean jogged up to him with a grin and a lighter, lighting him again.
Both women shook their heads, repulsed.
Sam- Call me if you need a ride home.
“Whoa,” Dean reached a hand up as Cas got to his feet.
“Oh,” Sam nodded.  Singer Lane was the narrow road across the street that ran between the house Olivia, Naoki, and Kat lived in, and the Whittaker’s.  Unlike the pristine, sidewalk-trimmed Lily Dale Lane, Singer Lane looked more like a secluded back road, thick with trees, poorly paved, and with many pot holes.  “I started to jog back there the other day, but I thought it might be private property, so I turned around.”
His sudden curious move and question about whether or not he had just seen a carousel, had perked Dean up significantly on their drive.  He made a careful U-turn and headed back to a park.  It was closed due to the late hour, gate chained shut, but they were both up for climbing the fence and sneaking around in the dark to check out the little park.  There was a large carousel, two other rides for children, a locked concession stand, and five game booths.  But the main focus of the park was the lake.  They had hiked down the trail and found it.  The lifeguard stand stood empty, along with all the coveted little cabanas in the nice, grassy section that had to be prime real estate in operational hours.
“Oh my God,” Dean gasped.
Castiel grinned at him, telling him he loved him too, sealing it with a wink.  Dean grinned adorably hard, looking at the tray.
“I did.”  Luc stood up.  “Let’s head out before we infect anyone with Smitty-disease.”
“Of course!”  She busied herself pouring cups of tea and plates of cookies.  “It’s so nice to have young gentlemen here with us, isn’t it Sheila?”
“If you’re implying -” Don started.
Melanie looked at them like they were nuts, and he couldn’t blame her.  He stepped closer to Melanie.  “Cas and Gabe are checking into things...but we think something is going on at Sunset Fields.”
Cas straddled him again, peppering Dean’s grinning face with kisses.
“Why would you WANT your spoons bent?  What could you possibly get from that?”
“She just kept rubbing...”
“Ohhh!” Came Madge’s perky voice as she and Ed came into the kitchen.  Smiling.  Creepy freaks.  “And here we thought you two lazy bones were gonna sleep straight through all the fun stuff!”
Castiel shook his head.  “You knew.  Didn’t you?”
Gabe fought the glare he wanted to unleash on Sam.  Not only had he jetted off so gallantly...he had a beer!
“Hacker,” Gabe grinned.  “I knew it.  You have that vibe.”
“Son of a bitch.”
“I did.  I reported Dr. Mahoney.  And I seem to have given her some helpful clue involving medication.”
Castiel and Gabe left, giving them much needed family time.
Castiel shrugged.  “Just wanted to check on you.  I haven’t heard from you since the last time I was over.”
Castiel went through the day with his typical quiet presence.  He rarely spoke in class.  Or in the hall.  He preferred to take time to decide what he would say, before saying it.
“We went to sleep.  It was like four in the morning before we had the frame together and the bed made so we both lay on it try it out and fell asleep.”
“Rufus.”
“Right...”
“I was baking,” Cas grinned, kissing him on the cheek as he passed by him to sit a mug of coffee down for him.
She shook her head with a laugh.  “Lock up when you leave.”
“Cas?” Dean had said, shaky and a mixture of relief, joy, and anger crossed his face.
“I didn’t know they had a cat,” Cas said.  “Besides Kat, that is.”
“I don’t think so,” Cas chuckled, both of them shushing each other as they moved over to the rail of the porch nearest to the Frieling’s house.
And so it was, at age twelve, in an abandoned gas station.  Or somewhere along the train tracks they followed most of the way home, that Castiel Novak realized he was gay.
He went back to the shed, throwing the nails into the box.  He stared at the mallet a full minute before he took it off the wall and threw it into the box.  He repressed his urge to smash the board and shed to pieces, instead, redirecting his anger to controlled breaths.  Flashes of the uglier moments of his childhood fought to rear their heads and he swallowed them all until he could hear the quiet buzz of neighborhood activity around him again.  A flash of their dad throwing the mallet at them during a drunken outburst, Dean grabbing him to the ground so neither got hit with it, flashed hard and hot in his mind, making him grip the edge of the box until his knuckles turned white.  He breathed out slowly until his hands were soft again.  He had turned out fine.  And Dean was fine.  Taking one last deep breath, he sorted through the two boxes of tools Dean had brought, sorting out all the worn items handled by their dad.  Dean could keep them or ditch them.  He wanted nothing to do with them.
“How’s the baby?” He asked instead of being lured in to Luc’s taunting.
Sam was talking about him?  To Cas?  Had Cas asked about him?  “Yeah.  If I don’t pull out now, I’ll end up like one of those old-ass salty dogs.  Or at the bottom of the Bering Sea.  Figured I better get out now.”  Shit.  Did he just make himself sound old?  Like...washed up?  Dammit!
“All kinds of places.  Montana, South Dakota, Colorado.”
“I think he did the best he could.  He was trying to protect him,” Sam said softly.
“She never came back.”
“Let’s set up shifts to hang out with him,” Dean suggested.  “If he’s the next target, then we need to circle ranks and keep him safe.”
“He ordered pig?” Gabe laughed again, wiping tears from his face.  “What a dick!  Oh!  Sorry ladies!”
“Goldy?” He said softly, brushing her long, dark hair away from her pale face.  “Relax and breathe for me.  Slow and steady.”
“Dude!” Dean hollered from behind the curtain.
“Yeah?” Bobby answered, squinting into the screen with a pair of glasses on.
Dean pursed his lips.
Dean scoffed with annoyance.  Sam ALWAYS won.
“Sam?”
“Drank too much.  Had sex in a closet.”
“He’s unhappy.  He’s scared.  That much I know.  And I’ll do whatever I need to, to help him, Dean.”
The door opened, Don Stark staring at all of them with disinterested politeness.  “Hello.  What can I do for you gentlemen?”
Passing the Berman’s house, they rounded the end of the lane that was crowned by the largest home on the street.  “This is the Stark’s,” Cas said quietly, looking up at the sprawling two-story brick home with two sports cars sitting in the driveway.  “Don and Maggie Stark.  Very...chatty people.  They remind me of the company my family would have kept.  Well-to-do and oblivious to those below them.”
“Shut up,” Dean scoffed, trying not to laugh at Cas mocking him.
“Yeah.  Two.”
“Son of a bitch!” He snapped, then groaned, and put his head down on the table.  Feeling wetness from coffee, he sat up with a face that would rival a toddler about to throw a tantrum.
Dean frowned, glancing at Cas, who shrugged the apology off as though it was not needed.
Dean balked.  “Think I’ll source the local taco joint.”
Everyone looked back, seeing Dean walk in the room.  He sat on the floor in front of Charlie to watch the game.
“What are we going to do with this section?” Dean wondered allowed.
Buddy grumbled and looked away.
Dean scrunched his mouth in thought.  “Do you love him?”
Sam blew out a breath.  “Ten days until Christmas?  I need to wrap presents.”
The young woman frowned, opening her palms to let Buddy smell her.  He did so, with interest.  He walked away from her, sitting next to Cas’ leg, grumbling.
He wasn’t even quite in his hoodie when the doorbell rang.  “Cas!” He yelled.  “Can you get the door!”
They walked along the final hallway more quietly than before and Cas hoped he had not given away how bizarre he thought the man was.  Surely that would not start him off on a good foot in his new job.
He explained the importance of keeping the hunter secret and staying out of the wedding or private sections of the house.  She nodded amenably and dropped her bag onto the bed.
“Let’s go knock on the door!” Sam added, ignoring Cas’ worry.
“Bar,” Dean grinned.  “We’ll see just how great these milkshakes are.”
“Well...that was unexpected,” Cas deadpanned.
“The burgers were moist!” He counted on one hand, “The taco salad was moist!  And how did I describe the watermelon, Sam?”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief.  “Thanks.”
The boys are trading in their milkshakes and free affirmations for something a bit more...well, you’ll have to read to see!
“The other one hasn’t been arrested.”
Dean waved his hand, then stared at it, wondering where his drink went.  “I’m good.”  He closed his eyes again, head dropping back.  “I’ma jus sleep here.”  So good.  The rocking swing and the warm night air.  He groaned as his world tipped and he was suddenly standing, face to face with Cas.  Oh wow...this close he was just...“you’re grinning,” he grinned, smiling down at him.  “Stop it.  It’s not fair.”
“Dean,” Cas said, again trying to be gentle while his libido roared for an animalistic release.  He couldn’t stop the magnetic pull, the power that drew them together.  He stepped closer, cupping Dean’s cheek in his hand and pulled him into a kiss.  Their lips fell apart as Dean gasped at his touch, his hands sliding greedily around his back to pull him in.  He grinned, open mouthed, luxuriating as Dean’s rough hands slid along his back.  “Dean,” he whispered, kissing his chin, cheek, jaw, anything he could reach, “may I make love to you?”  His lips ghosted along Dean’s jaw until he heard him utter a strangled ‘Yes’ in return.  The simple word was as powerful as a high voltage shock, jolting him into action.  He took Dean’s mouth by storm, like he wanted to.  Like he needed to.  They both moaned into a kiss that was amping up in passion until Castiel got a shock he should have been expecting.
“I gave him some tea!” She shook her head as if he were silly.
All of them came from blended families or single parent homes.  It was complicated.  Scheduling anything was hit and miss if it was on a weekend.  But during the week, during school, they all converged on the Winchester house as often as possible.
Gabe and Dean laughed.  He was more than happy for his little brother.  And he was thankful Gabe had calmed into a perfect spouse for Sam.  Gabe did anything and everything in his power to spoil the shit outta Sam.  And that was exactly what Dean had hoped for.  Sam deserved to be happy.  He deserved good things.  Nice things.  A safe place and all the love he could handle.
“She asks a lot of questions,” Gabe noted, looking at his brother.  “Did you call the cops?”
“Hey, Meg,” Dean said.
“Apparently we are to pass Sioux Falls and go to the next exit.”
Sam grinned.
Castiel realized with a small jolt that he was staring at Dean.  He was waiting for more.  But for what exactly, he couldn’t say.  He turned to the house, wanting to say something back to him, but no normal words would come into his pudding cup for a brain!  He went into the backyard and down the basement steps to the room they hung out in.
“That’s nice that your friends are friends,” Sam said, ignoring Dean.
“Right,” Ed nodded, potentially not buying the excuse.  “It’s too bad.  You missed our mayor’s campaign speech.  The voting will be in November.  Hope you can make it to the corn soup rally tomorrow at the fair ground.  I’m sure he’ll speak again.”
“Yeah,” Sam agreed easily.  Gabe was sure Sam knew a shit-ton more on the subject.
“That’s motive 101,” Dean nodded.  “At least that’s usually the case on CSI.”
“Did you have Dr. Sexy pinned up next to that picture?” Cas teased, loving the boyish grin Dean was sporting now.
He had done exactly what he had lectured himself for months that he couldn’t do.  He had somehow gotten Dean called out by his mom.  He might have overreacted about the whole situation.  And now everything was a mess.  Being grounded was a comforting thought.  He could live in his room forever.  At least he wouldn’t fuck anything else up.
“Shit,” Dean muttered, wiping his mouth.
“Uh, sure!” Gabe nodded.  “I’ll get right on it.”
“Alright,” Bobby folded.  “Here’s the situation.  This IS a great town.  We’re close.  Tight.  Mostly ‘cause we have to be.”
An entire town couldn’t be bad.  Not every smile was a fake mask.  But the damage done had been significant enough that Sam was more than ready to put Charming Acres in his rearview mirror.
“Yeah.  Apparently, we’re not fit to be around,” Dean groused, even though he felt gross enough to warrant leaving.
Cas sighed with some relief.  It was rare for him and Dean to fight.  But last night they had gotten into quite an argument.  Dean had slept on the couch and Cas had been up half the night alone in their suite.
“It’s a barbecue,” Gabe grinned.
“I feel safe,” Castiel said, meeting his eyes.  “I always have felt safe with you.”
Dean:  I’ll fill you in later.
Dean dropped back on the bed.  “Are you seriously getting in bed with me?”
“Cas?  Oh man, that’s the problem.  I don’t know where I am!  I’m freakin’ out, man!”
Sam hung up, sliding his phone onto the table in defeat.
Dean nodded, tugging his own jacket closer.  It was a green coat that looked like it could have come from an army surplus store, but it looked damn good on Dean.  He hugged Dean from behind, his chin propping on Dean’s shoulder.  “Dean...no matter what happens, I know I’ve already found my home.”
“Shady,” Sam agreed.
“I’m so sorry, Naomi,” Mary added.  “Whatever you want us to do, we will.  Castiel can’t get in trouble on Sam’s account.  It’s just not right.”
“Are you guys gonna babysit?” Kevin laughed.
Bobby nodded with a smirk.
“Aw,” Luc grinned, sliding off his hood and dropping a hand on his shoulder.  “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Dean went upstairs, disappearing for the rest of the night.
Gabe hugged him, his hand flexing in his long hair.  “We’ll find him.”
“Yeah, we’re not buyin’ it,” Sam asserted.
Don nodded, pursing his lips with interest.  Before he could go on, a knock on the office door had them all glancing to see Cindy Smith standing there with dry cleaned suits held on one shoulder and a broad smile.
“Aw, that make you sad?”  Castiel laughed.  He had never jabbed exchanges with Dean on this level.  He liked how it rattled him a little.  Good.  Dean needed rattled.  He also needed to come to terms with the fact that he wasn’t very straight.
He opened the door to find Jody and Claire standing there.  “Hey guys!  Come on in.”
“Hi,” Dean and Cas back to her.
“Texas,” all four of them said, not wanting anything to do with Charming Acres.
He feared a cop had caught them.  And with all the authority of one, Dean stood at his door motioning him to get out.
Maybe as a teen he really,
They started on
Sam nodded and gave Cas a small smirk. “So, what brought this on? Usually this early in the morning you're watching Netflix on my laptop or taking a walk around the bunker.”
"Okay." Cas pulls away, pressing kisses to Dean's skin as he slinks down. "Now?" he asks against Dean's neck.
Perhaps he also found himself checking out guys from time to time, imagining rippling muscles under their clothes. That was also...not very straight.
"Uh huh," she slapped his ass and winked, "go get him tiger."
The shower does very little to ease his rut. The most it seems to do is clean his skin of the sweaty film it acquired.
When Dean walked into the kitchen one morning, Cas was sitting at the kitchen table donning a pair of earbuds plugged into his phone. Dean didn't think much of it (being that it was only seven in the morning and he hadn't gotten his caffeine fix yet) and headed straight to the coffee pot. No sooner than fifteen minutes later, he sat down opposite Cas with a cup of what was now his second cup of coffee. “Whatchya listenin’ to there, bud?”
Cas put a ring on the table, a simple silver band. His smile was smaller now, more nervous. "I've been meaning to propose for… awhile now but the timing never seemed right. And when I looked at you, across the table, I just knew-"
He had hoped if he ever saw Thursday's Angel again, he'd be on his A game; ready to shoot his shot and exchange numbers. But, no, Thur- Jimmy (What kind of name was
Cas slipped on his blue, fuzzy bathrobe. Like weekdays, the scent of coffee permeated their apartment. Dean always made coffee first thing in the morning.
"Oh, uh, I was thinking burgers again." A dull buzz followed the thud of the fridge door sounded.
"Uh huh,
"Sounds like you need a drink."
certain of. If not, he always had his best friend, Dean. Yes, he could do this.
Charlie snorted. "It went better than mine, that's for sure."
Terribly sorry for the long, LONG delay!! I'm sure many of you know the feeling, but the finale deeply traumatized me to the point that thinking about the show gives me extreme anxiety and causes great distress. Even though I don't feel like that when I think about or read AUs, it's been incredibly difficult trying to write spn fic again. I still love the characters and this AU but the show killed a part of me. Anyways, I'm really trying. If newer chapters feel like they've lost their magic, just know it's because I'm trying to work through some stuff.
He balked.
"Thanks, dude." She stood up and swiped dirt off her butt. "C'mon, let's act like we didn't just have a Moment so this doesn't get any sappier."
"And what's that?"
"So, what's your big coming out story?"
"Good. Now take a seat while I get your regular." She pushed him into a stool at the bar. He wouldn't dare argue with her.
he's literally the fucking hottest guy I've seen outside of porn
(See the end of the chapter for
I had SO much fun writing this! Charlie is my favorite female character on spn so I apologize if she monopolized this chapter. I couldn't help myself!
"You told Charlie, though."
If anything, Gabriel's smile got
, but he couldn't be mad about it if it meant it turned out like
"Yeah, no problem." Dean winked. Why did you wink? Just stop, he thought. "Well I'm just gonna," he pointed at absolutely nothing behind himself, "go."
"But—"
Okay, I just
~•~◇~•~
Dean wasn't exactly sure if Ash was the…
"Yes! Look at this masterpiece-"
He saw Cas squinting at the tv like a blind kitten (the damn man had glasses but rarely used them because he couldn't keep track of them) and Dean knew. It was such a small moment but Dean had the sudden realization of, "He's the one." So he bought a ring.
"Scratch that, a night out! You, me, Ash. Maybe Charlie will drop by on that face video thingy!"
Gabriel cleared his throat. "That's great, bro—but what the
, the bickering coming to a close with the common interest.
Dean poked him in his side. "You already know, you idiot."
The last thing he expected to see when he turned around was his favorite ASMRtist. Honestly, while checking up on the Continental, he'd already envisioned the owner to be some guy like Ash. Someone who legitimately thought that car was
How could Cas just
Lunch passed quickly, and before they knew it, the bell had rung and it was time to head to class.
Dean was doing it. He had a plan.
He stood in front of the bathroom mirror, hands clenched. "Pshhhh, you can do this. It's just a sentence. Say it." He took a deep breath. His heart beat wildly. "I'm bisexual." It sounded foreign to his ears; somewhere in the realm of scary. "I'm bisexual," he repeated. He felt slightly better. "I'm bisexual."
He prayed this wouldn't be how he died. "Eh, sorry Ellen; I don't have much time outside of work and school."
Please comment if you are interested in seeing a timestamp for the wake. I've been thinking of doing some timestamps for this 'verse when I'm finished with this fic but I just need a couple ideas. Since I didn't go very in depth with the wake, I thought it might be nice to make a timestamp later.
And times like these made Dean wonder what life would have been like if he'd applied for college at MIT and made it in like Charlie.
Dean lied flat on his back on the bed and sighed. "Good. Really good." He rolled onto his side, to see Cas. "That was it. I've come out to everyone."
Cas had been looking through the records for hours, searching for any reason an entire town would hallucinate seeing a stampede of rainbow unicorns. When his search yielded no answer, he shut the heavy text and walked to the only place he hadn't looked yet. The crate. Grabbing a crowbar, Castiel carefully pried open the wooden box. It certainly was not what he was expecting. Inside, were several cardboard boxes filled to the brim with records. Laid on top of the boxes was a beautiful, metal and wood gramophone. From what he could tell, the objects were not cursed or enchanted in the slightest—simply old records. Cas made a mental note to make time to test which items were still functioning.
But, probably the biggest plus to moving to Tumblr was—a notification popped up on Dean's phone.
isn't just your typical, sappy love song for chicks. It's got sentimental value, y'know? Mom used to sing it to me to help me fall asleep. It's just different."
~•~◇~•~
Cas snorted. "They're not wrong."
"Sure Kevin. Where were we? Page 73?"
"Sure."
"Dinner, Dean."
calling it, though."
...............k
blankets. Cas happily buries himself in the bedding, scent marking Dean's belongings. It feels like this is his
Cas cocoons himself further into the nest, surrounding himself with Dean's scent. It's easier to quell the ache within himself that way.
As always, kudos and comments are greatly appreciated!! Seeing that notification of "person left a comment" would absolutely make my day!! Love you guys ❤❤❤
It was Dean's errand day. Also known as laundry day, grocery shopping day, and the only day of the week Dean had off work. Most people just called the damn day Sunday.
"Yes, Dean," Cas said irritably. "I already assured Amelia yesterday that I am more than capable of getting Claire home." He swirled the remnants of his coffee with a frown.
With that, Dean forgot all about his worries. He settled deeper in his blankets and surrendered to the sweet, molten lava pooling in his chest. Episodes of Doctor Sexy M.D. passed by in the background and his food grew cold, but Dean didn't care. There was nothing quite like Cas talking about something they loved. He got lost in the story of Eunice and a broken transmission until he nodded off.
“Of course, Dean. I would never lie to you about that.” Cas scooted towards Dean, just to try to convey how sincere he was. It almost hurt that Dean would even
"What on
He heard Dean's sharp intake of breath and then a low whisper of,
"Yes, and?" Cas implored dismissively. He really didn't see the issue. Dean looked up at the blue eyed man with furrowed brows.
"Love at first sight doesn't really happen like it does in Disney movies. Just because she doesn't immediately
Dean turned on his phone, grimacing as the bright screen nearly blinded him. He clicked on YouTube and scrolled until a video caught his attention. With a smile, he clicked on Thursday's Angel ASMR's latest video.
Sorry, autocorrect ;)
"Okay. I'm getting in the nest—don't kill me."
Oh. Oh
British accent." Cas wheezed. "Cas, babe, I'm not even at the best part yet." Dean grinned. "The poem's title was
is an aria from the opera
Sam gave him a meaningful look.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
So please enjoy because I put a lot of effort into this!
"Your singing voice is fuckin' terrible, Jo. Go serenade the drunkards."
"I'm bisexual."
"Dean!"
"Ah, yes." Cas licked his thumb and flipped a page. "That can happen sometimes."
Dean lied awake in bed. He loved Cas, he really did...but he hadn't taken the time to think about what that said about him. About his sexuality. He hadn't
Dean is at his side, hands petting his hair and rubbing his arm soothingly. "Shh, shh, I'm here. It's okay."
"Ahem," Jo said, with a non-subtle jab to his ribs.
Please love me, I wrote this so fast
Did you see the season finale??
. "I'm so glad you asked, Cassie. It's a four layer genoise sponge cake, soaked with lemon. It's filled with lemon curd and slices of strawberry; decorated with a swiss meringue buttercream and fondant."
"Dorothy's out sick, so Charlie's manning the library today."
I was thinking of writing the next chapter from the alternating pov of Sam and Charlie. I was only planning on writing this fic in Cas and and Dean's pov, but I think the next chapter or the one after that would be better in a different pov. Let me know what you think in the comments.
"What ya got there, buddy?"
GO TALK TO HIM!!!!!!!
… But it came at a small price.
"Hey." Oh God, you fucking idot. 'Hey'?
The universe was definitely fucking with Dean.
. "What," Cas croaks.
"That's a given."
does that have to do with Jimmy's annoying-ass math teacher?"
"I don't need or want your pity, Dean."
hell yeah! who do you think I am?!
The rumble of the impala's engine pulled Dean out of his reverie. Cas drove them out of the intersection, the whole car rocking like a boat on the wide turn.
How did he never notice any of those signs before?
Cas hummed into his cup in acknowledgement.
"No you didn't."
"So, when 're you popping the question? Please don't do it during sex. Nobody wants to be that guy."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean carded his hands through Cas' disheveled hair and pulled him in for another kiss. "You," smooch, "just," smooch, "want," smooch, "the," smooch, "guinea pigs."
for months, and I still haven't been able to read it! After my Game of Thrones marathon with Cas this weekend, I am totally diving back into the Harry Potter realm," the redhead spouted. It was a wonder how easily Charlie could change tracks. "Oh, and don't even
He cornered Charlie in her classroom that day and told her. She gave him a well meaning, but awfully bony hug.
. The guy only posted on Thursdays—hence the name, Dean guessed—so when there wasn't a new video, Dean just watched an older one.
an idiot."
“I tried to tell him that song genres could not possibly be gendered but he told me to drop the subject.”
No one raised their hand; most of them looked like they just wanted to get this over with and head to lunch. Dean could sympathize.
Dean's brain worked to connect the dots. He wondered if he was going to need
it doesn't hurt that the guy I'm watching is smoooking hot
"Nooooo, I need my dancing buddy back."
"What is for lunch today, Dean?"
"They're just not for guys, okay?" Alright, maybe he was getting a little defensive.
"Dean, you literally walked in on Samandriel and I while we were on a date," Castiel deadpanned. All he got in reply was a blank stare so Cas continued, "Remember in highschool when you worked at that old coffee shop? Well, I forgot you worked on Wednesdays and we ran into you. If my memory serves me right, I said to you,
Jo turned back to Dean, her face aglow with delight. She punched him on the chest. "It's that pimpmobile dude… the guy you obviously have a hard-on for."
In all seriousness, I promise to provide well needed moral support in this trying time
The room was silent, save for the sound of the roommates chewing and the soft chirps of birds enjoying the brisk weather.
He sent a quick text to his landlord, letting him know the heater was broken. Again.
"Well, is it really love if she has to think about it?"
And the more he thought about it, the more riled up he got.
On his bed, surrounded by boxes of Chinese takeout and Doctor Sexy M.D playing on his laptop, Dean tried his hardest to think of anything besides Jimmy and found he couldn't.
"Mornin', sunshine."
realm and was just having fun screwing with humans. Sam and Dean dealt with him accordingly and headed home. By the time they arrived at the bunker, it was nearly 1am and the boys were wiped. Sam dragged himself to his room, saying he'd take a shower before his run in the morning. Dean grabbed a quick snack before walking to his room. A memory foam mattress was calling his name. Strolling down the long hallway, the dulcet tones of 40's swing music could be faintly heard. Writing it off as exhaustion getting the better of him, Dean continued on. Only the closer he got to the bedrooms, the louder the music became. Now, standing before the door to Cas' room,
"...Fine." And, God, as much a Gabriel was an annoying brother, he was an equally amazing baker.
"What, when you realized you were a walking, talking rainbow?"
"No, smartass," she smacked his arm,"I meant when I actually had time to read for fun."
Maybe even
"Well if it isn't the man of the hour!" Jo said as she plopped onto the stool next to his. A Johnny Cash song started up, the quality leaving much to be desired as it came from the speakers of the jukebox.
"Uh huh."
"Excuses, excuses. Just look at Ash," Dean did. The man with a mullet was passed out at the bar with his laptop still open to
But, now, there is a nest. In his bed.
"Cas," Dean whispered. He ran his foot over Cas' legs under the covers and squeezed his middle. "Cas." The man shifted restlessly, seeming to wake.
Next to Dean on the sofa, Cas looked up from grading papers. "I see marking isn't going-"
But, no. He stayed.
Dean reached into a cupboard and pulled out maple syrup for himself, and honey for his best friend. Depositing the toppings on the island, he carried the plate of pancakes over and slid them across the counter top. He sat down next to Cas and stacked a few pancakes onto his ready plate. Castiel did the same.
~•~◇~•~
The beeping of a microwave could be heard as they stopped at a door marked
She smiled and opened her arms. "C'mere, you big teddy bear."
gay. That probably wasn't the best way to phrase it, but he still was attracted to women. The other day he pulled out his hidden stash of Busty Asian Beauties, just to see if it still got his engine going, and
What did you think?
"No, I'm
"So, when are you going to propose to Cas?"
Dean was walking to his morning class when the next text came.
. One thing was bothering him though…
"Yes, well, as normal as our dinners together are."
~•~◇~•~
How could someone he'd never seen be so
This chapter has the vaguest mention of pornography and sexual acts. It's really not graphic at all and I consider it well within the ranges of the Teen rating. Just wanted to warn anyone in advance.
“You're an idiot.”
"Uh, yeah! Thanks for telling us!"
It was Charlie's fault. Dean made the mistake of telling her about his sleeping woes and, like the internet goblin she was, she introduced him to ASMR. And,
Oh. Good.
Gabriel stood behind the island counter, smiling maniacally, with a rainbow monstrosity in front of him.
Dean shudders and pulls him in for another lingering kiss. "Fuck. Yeah, Cas. I really do."
. Except I'm coming out to Sammy tonight."
a label."
Books referenced are "Once Upon a Dream: A Twisted Tale" by Liz Braswell and "Harry Potter and the Cused Child" by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne, and John Tiffany.
“Oh.”
silence. Dean munched on his burger and fries and Jimmy Page riffed on his guitar.
Dean nodded in understanding. In the past, Sam had brought up the possibility of marrying Jess, but now it was really happening.
Funnily enough, I do need to renew my prescription
Cas blinks. He's just returned to his room, in nothing more than his boxers and a towel and- well. There's a nest. He blinks again.
Before long, they were loading the dishwasher, gurgling mouthwash, grabbing their school bags, settling into the impala, and braving the morning commute.
At the sound of socked feet shuffling and a chair creaking, Dean turned around to see Cas quietly sipping coffee while seated at the counter, bleary eyes struggling in the light.
"Yeah, wants me to meet him at the Roadhouse tomorrow but won't say why. Weird kid." Dean stole Charlie's juice box and took a long, noisy slurp.
"Well yeah, but, uh. I've been wondering. I mean. I'm not straight."
As Robert Plant sang quietly and Dean's nose bumped against his, Cas realized that he could feel the music.
Did you fall asleep watching the man of your dreams?
. "Aurora Rose is confused. The life she had built is crumbling down around her. She doesn't need a prince forcing her into a relationship, regardless of the fact she was 'in love' with him in her previous life. She'll figure out if she wants to be with him when they're finished with the quest."
"Dean." And there was that trademark bitch face yet again.
Fun fact: the conversation between Dean and Charlie was the first thing I wrote for this entire story. It's been sitting in my notes for such a long time and it feels great to finally be able to throw it into the fic!
. That fucker doesn't deserve to know what's going on in my life."
Ugh, he was just confusing himself even more. Maybe he could...Charlie! She would have all the answers. Dean grabbed his phone from his nightstand and sent a text.
"Trust me, Dean bean. I know these things." She patted his shoulder reassuringly.
well.
"I'm gonna get you something to eat and drink, okay?" Dean's hand is smoothing his hair before it's gone and so is Dean. "Be right back!"
, not men.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s on the spec sheet, Sambo?” Gabe grinned, lounging into his throne.
Cas’ eyes met his, just as soft and blue as if they were sitting in the kitchen having coffee together.  “Now that, Dean Winchester, is a lie.”
“God, that feels good,” Castiel muttered.
Dean stepped back with a look of worry.
Castiel broke through the circle of on-lookers in time to shove Dirk over a step, missing his next throw.
Gabe:  Dean’s freaking out.  You really need to call.
They all nodded, getting up.
“Hey!” Gabe grinned, answering the call.  “Goodie, goodie gumdrops!  Alright, sounds good.  See you then.”  Gabe hung up, dropping his phone beside him.
“So, Dean, where are you traveling from?” She asked, ignoring Cas as she handed him the basket of rolls.
“Love you, Mom!” They both yelled as the ran out the front door.
Sam blushed with a grin.  “Yeah.  We talked a lot.  Things are...good.  Like, back to normal good.”  He grinned harder with a soft laugh.  “Better, actually.”
The black and white image of Mahoney coming out the back door filled the screen.  He stood there for few moments, paced back and forth a few steps in the covered back entrance until a car pulled up.
“No gasping in there.  No moaning.”
Castiel put a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder.  “Did your dad hit you?”
“Well, I called the police,” Cas stated, glancing between the two.
They crossed Deb’s backyard, stepping into the Smiths yard.
They all nodded.
Feeling quite proud of himself, he ventured a hand onto Dean’s thigh.
Dean gave him a dark look.  “What exactly are you asking us to do, Jim?”
“And since I got my way for breakfast, lunch is up to you,” Cas grinned.
Castiel had learned several things.
Dean’s annoyance faded.  “You were right about me being wrong for messing around with you.  I just thought I could teach you a thing or two but...” he pulled Castiel’s hand to his mouth, kissing it.  “I learned a whole lot more than I knew.  I don’t want to hurt you, Cas.  I really think you should go.”  Dean turned to him finally, eyes full of worry.
“Don’t let her fool ya,” Donna grinned, hugging the other sheriff to her side, “she works with Bobby just as much as I do.  More!”
“I guess Kat’s still in the hospital,” he said quietly.
Castiel tried to hide some of his shock.  “No, he’s been...nice.”
“That’s right,” Sam nodded.  “You start work tomorrow.”
“Thanks for making sure Sam could come tonight.”
Castiel slid the phone back in his pocket.
Luc left him standing at the patio door, going back another hall with Jo.  He wondered what they were doing.  He kind of didn’t want to know either.  He sat on the sofa, not sure what to do with himself.
Madge stared at him, horror-struck as Gabe stared back angrily.
Gabe frowned, offering his Samshine the first drink as they moved back into the crowd of people milling about.  “Come on.  It’s not that bad here.  Example A.” Gabe pointed.
Dean nodded, proud of what they had done here today.
“You gotta get the snake!  The black one!”
The two women hugged, joining the men at the grill.
“Fuck careful,” Sam snapped.
“Tea time at 10:00,” Gabe said under his breath, passing Cas with a wink as he toiled away with his med cart.  His brother had been working at Sunset Fields for a week now, but it was still strange, and fun, to see him working with the residents he couldn’t help but love.
After a lunch spent pouring over procedure manuals, he rejoined the nurse’s station to find Dr. Mahoney on one of the computers.  Castiel was introduced, the doctor giving him a cursory nod before going back to inputting data.  Castiel spotted the chart of Mrs. Golden on the screen.
Cas glared at him, gripping the headboard tight with his hands.  Dean’s eyes flared with lust.  “I felt that.”  He added a fourth finger, ramming a little harder.
“We need to find out more about this shopping center deal,” Sam said.
“She pretty much said you weren’t a gentleman,” Dean said softly, the hint of a smile starting before their stare overpowered it into something much heavier.
“Call me,” Cas yelled back.  “You have my number.”
“How about we even the odds here and just put the guns away,” Cas insisted, reading the climbing tension in the room.
Cas’ eyes lit up.  He held a hand out to Sam, then Dean.  “Go ahead, tell Gabe all the information I got from my ‘smack down’.”
They all exchanged glances, none of them willing to say how fucking weirded out they were.
“You have a dirty mouth,” Dean chuckled, making Cas smile at the rumble beneath his ear and the truth that, yes, he could have a dirty mouth.
“He’s gonna bone ‘er,” Dean whispered.
“Actually,” Dean’s brow lifted, “that’s not bad.”
“The land,” Bobby guessed.  “Like they want my land.  And Rufus’.  So they can build that stupid strip mall.  Glad I’m not a tea drinker.  Rufus either.  I knew living off of beer and whiskey would save my life someday.”
“Melanie will be asking me how you did today,” Gabe coaxed Goldy, pointing at her waffle.  He got an even warmer grin this time.
It made Castiel grin.
“Yeah,” Bobby grinned.  “Same thing!”
“Could be,” Doug grinned.
“I love you too!” Cas laughed.
“Gabe...I fucked up!  I did a bad thing...”
They were at the boardwalk by noon.  Their first stop was for boardwalk fries.  After standing in line a long time, they sat on one of the many benches lining the boardwalk, sharing a huge basket of fries.
The nurse’s aide shrugged.  “Marion said there was arguing and the next thing she knew, the police were here, Mr. Whittaker and Dr. Mahoney were pissed off and now...man, Cas seemed like a nice guy.”
Castiel did something he never would have done before.  Something he never would have dreamed he’d do.  He yanked open a ‘family restroom’ door, pulling Dean inside.  He locked the door, slamming Dean up against it.
“Last night’s money is in the safe,” he said quietly, taking his vest off.
Cas lay his head on the pillow next to him.
Cas rolled his eyes.  “That’s not romantic whatsoever.”
“Fine, I’m going upstairs,” Dean griped.  “Alone, ya know, cuz it’s always smart ta split up, right?”
She held her hand out, looking more sedate now.  “Donna Hanscum.  And you are?”
Castiel stood there dumbly for a moment.
“Ha!” Dean looked up at the pink Victorian home as they rounded the corner.  “There are PLENTY of people I could introduce you to that would say otherwise.”
Now what?
Dean smirked.  “And night.”
“I’m going out of town again, leaving on Monday.  I was wondering if he and Cas might be interested in house sitting for me.”
Cas frowned at his brother, not that it detracted from how fucking hot he looked.  Cas looked hot whether he was scowling, confused, smiling, or half asleep.  The guy was just fucking hot.
“So...is Cassie really grounded?” Gabe asked.
“Our newly bought king size bed,” Sam grinned.
Deb, looking just as haunted, went on.  “They barely made it into the living room before Gary just fell to the floor and...he sort of shook.  But he was still very stiff.  And then...he kept saying ‘my chest’.  I called 911 but...he died before they got here.”  Both women looked up at them with equal sorrow.  “I know our marriage was unorthodox, but I loved Gary very much.”  She started crying again.  “And so did Olivia.”
Sheila nodded.  “Richie, you were always such a dear.  Could you get them back for me?”
Luc grinned, tipping back to let Castiel squeeze through the door.  Just as Castiel got next to him, Luc put an arm up, blocking his way.  “Haven’t seen you in a while.  Figured I scared you off.”
“No.  You successfully chased him away.”  He could move over.  He could make room.  But the feel of Dean so squished against him was heavenly.
Cas grinned, nodding a little as he took a sip of his beer.
“Me too,” Cas admitted.  “I want to be supportive of our brothers and their accomplishment on moving and buying a home but...”
The true question was, would he become as quirky and odd as his new neighbors?  Or would he bring a fresh new vibe of normalcy?
“Okay,” he said softly.  “I’m sorry, Mom.”
Dean closed his eyes, relaxing into him.
Before she could come onto the back deck of the house, Rufus opened the back door, glaring at her.
“Yeah!” Fletcher nodded hard, Zoe beaming from the above-ground pool.
Cas’ own grin spread slowly, loving everything about Dean.  “What are you doing, Dean?”
Dean grinned, stepping back.  “I will.  And I’m gonna start by saying Luc is a douche.  Stay away from him, Cas.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asked just above a whisper, looking at him with such tender worry.
Dean smirked a laugh.  “I’m gonna go get some candles before we lose electricity.”
Castiel’s eyes flew open, seeing Dean watching him.
Sam had said as much, but Castiel still found it hard to believe that Dean would even notice him there.
“Ha ha.  I learned from the best,” he countered.  He didn’t have shit either.
“Well,” Castiel flushed bright red, “You keep touching me.”
Dean put his hand on the side of Castiel’s face, not quite touching where the glass had been pulled out.  “What happened, Cas?”
More heat shot up Castiel’s chest, cum flooding over Dean’s hand.
Dean grinned, watching him run.
Castiel felt terribly worried about Bobby’s mental well-being.
“No, no,” Sam assured him with a patient smile.  “I’m good.  But thank you for stopping by!”
Cas made a mockingly shocked face back at him before falling into an easy grin again.  “It’s fine.  I know you’ll figure you’re way out of it sooner or later.”
Sam laughed harder, kissing him again.  “You better go, Romeo.  Don’t make me chase those little old ladies away!”
“Who the hell is that?  No one knows we live here yet!” Gabe scoffed, getting up.
Gabe stifled all the smart-ass shit that just tumbled to the tip of his tongue.  “Yes, his is.  I’ll be right back,” he said, not even trying to sort out why this was weirder on a stack of weird events.  He hopped up the steps two at a time, finding Sam in their bedroom, hanging up the last of his clothes.
“You are sweet as sugar,” Luc grinned, trying to kiss him again.
“Car,” Cas said.
“There ya go, sparky,” Dean grinned, leaning in and kissing him.
“Bobby,” Cas said plaintively.
“Yeah, I gotta go too,” Chuck said, getting to his feet.
“And?” She demanded.
Dean took the flyer as Castiel waited for the store owner to bag the cards.
Bobby had shared a little, but Dean suspected the tidbits he’d given so far were just the tip of the iceberg.
“A lion?!” She gave him an incredulous look.  “You must be joking!” She laughed sweetly.
Dean sat back in his chair in the war room.  The bright branches and flowered Fresca on the walls gave this room a lighter feel than most of the house.
Sam held his tongue until the pair disappeared inside.  “Fletcher is staying with us this weekend?”
Sam nodded.  “Well, good for you, man.”
“The Frieling’s?” Sam asked, leaning forward.
Both men shared a solemn look of understanding.  They made their way through the woods and parted ways on Singer Lane.  The Whittakers lights had gone out hours ago, so at least he didn’t have to feel watched as he crossed the street.
Dean turned him, his back thudding against the window.  The shock of cold glass made him gasp.  Dean swept one leg up, lubed and pressed inside of him with a growling grunt.
“He truly does seem to be quite innocent in nature,” Cas defended.
Gabe chuckled.  Who knew stairwells could be porn scenes?  “Yes, it was.  First of many.”  He pulled his elbows back, leveraging himself up to kiss him properly.  Memories of Sam taking him against the wall at the foot of the stairs had his confined dick straining.  When his husband had stopped abruptly and fucked him from behind while he clung to the stairs and handrail, it had been mind blowing for sure.  He pulled back from the steamy kiss.  “Remind me to mop the steps.”
One grouchy husband, one stressed out dog, and four hours later, they pulled up to the house.  He put the car in park and looked over at Cas.  “Dude.  Your brother...”
Dean held his hands out with an accusatory glare, which Bobby immediately mirrored.
“No,” Gabe shook his head, pulling out of the hug, swiping a tear away.  “Goldy is Melanie’s grandma.”
“Gang vibe?” Gabe supplied, making Cas frown, not wanting to agree but he must have hit close to the mark.
“Just talked to the kid in there, Griffin.  Some guy with the last name Stevens died in there yesterday.”
The aide came back into the room with a haunted look.  “They’ll be here in ten minutes,” he said quietly.
“Sounds ominous,” Cas said a shade quieter.  “I thought we were going to Sioux Falls?”
Cas, so startled with the interruption, stood there staring at her for several seconds before Dean pushed the door half closed and stepped out with a perturbed look on his face.  “I’m right here.”
Several tents could be seen in the back yard.  “Looks like the Smiths are getting ready.”
Castiel grinned, laying Dean down beside him.  He kissed him, both still panting slightly.  Castiel pulled back, needing a breath.  He put his hand on his stomach, feeling cum.  So much.  Cum from two.  He chuckled, closing his hand in wonder.
“I’m not implying,” Dean grinned.
“Don and Maggie Stark are basically throwing lightning bolts all over town,” Dean said.
“Jeez, Cassie!”
“T.O.D. 9:20pm.”
“Does your mom even know you’re into guys?” Dean asked softly.
Cas grinned wide, so pleased with this.
“Uh huh,” Cas grunted.
“A keep going,” Dean barely managed, his hips rising to grind into Cas’.  “I like to bottom,” Dean babbled, grinding again.  “So like to bottom.  Is that okay?  Can we...I want...”
“Yeah, well, we gotta get that body outta there,” Dean said resolutely.  “Without the neighborhood watch.”
Wayne shrugged.  “Little mis-step on that one.  We made a nice batch of Oleander tea for Naoki and her partner Olivia.”
Cas found himself staring, wishing Dean always talked so much.  And so freely.  He always seemed kinda quiet.  He knew he was funny.  Gabe told him stories that always made him laugh.  But the few times they had been around each other, Dean had been reserved.  The brief glimpse of how playfully funny he could be was on the porch several nights ago when the four of them were watching the neighbors sneaking around, which had been so much fun.
A thumping on the driver’s window shocked Castiel, making him turn to the window sharply.
“That’s great!  Gabe will be glad to know his fan club will be left in good hands.”
“I believe I made the first move,” he said gently, kissing Dean’s shoulder.  “And the second.  But, yes.  I was waiting for a sign from you that you were ready.”
“I gave the Smiths the day off.  Fletcher is gonna hang out with us until 9:00 tonight.”
“She caught ya cheatin’, huh?” Dean asked, looking at a framed picture of Maggie on the mantle behind Don.
“No trouble in paradise,” Dean said, shaking his head.
“You aren’t coming?” Cas asked, looking concerned.
“What the hell were you doing?” Sam demanded.
Chuck found him before lunch the next day.  “Cas?  Can we talk?”
Claire whacked his shoulder.  “Cas!  Ugh!  Now I’m gonna be lectured for an hour!  Why do we bring him on these hunts?”
They were two hours from Sioux Falls, stopping for gas and coffee when Castiel decided he really needed to sort out what he had been trying to tell Dean last night. Dean was flipping the license plate into place, finished fueling when Cas handed him the steaming hot coffee.
“I have surprises!” Gabe grinned, holding the bags a little higher.  “But first, you gotta go potty.”
Castiel gave him a cocky grin.  His hand cupped Dean’s erection.
“Guess Maggie didn’t go too far,” Dean said quietly.
‘We’ll see?’  What the fuck did that mean?  He shushed Jack, turning to find a diaper.
Castiel wasn’t too sure about that.  His few seconds of composure were not nearly enough to fortify him for such a move.
August was over, and September was passing by quickly.  He applied to a few colleges, hoping for any help he could get.  He and Dean texted daily but they struggled to sneak away to meet each other.
Dean’s mouth fell open.
“So... what brings you to my cage?” Luc grinned.
“Fred Jones?” Gabe asked.
“And now...” he waved a hand toward the road.
“No article?” Dean frowned.
“You did?” Dean grinned, handing the little boy his sheets.  “Let me see.”
Cas nodded, all of them watching Bobby get back in his car and leave.
“Ellen and I are takin’ a little trip away this weekend,” Bobby went on.
“Olivia!” Deb half ran to her, both women crying and hugging each other.
Dean could have watched Cas chop vegetables for hours.  He made it look like an art form.  He made him want to eat vegetables.  There was something graceful about the way he wielded a knife.
Cas and Dean’s Apple watches buzzed at the same time.  They moved around until they could each look at their own.  Cas tapped the screen, going to the security camera at the back door.
Dean grinned.  “I didn’t get much practice in before I fell asleep.”
“Yeah.  The chair got wobbly.”
Dean cleared his throat.  “Seems like you don’t get along with either of them.  You know anything about Maggie Stark’s spa going belly-up?”
Dean leaned forward on the small kitchen table, eyeing Father Murphy.  “How does Jody fit into all this?”
“Ya have beer?” Dean asked.
“You stay absolutely silent,” Dean warned.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, lost in a haze so thick he couldn’t think straight.
“Nice,” Dean grinned, covering his mouth again as Cas blanched at her.
“Call me names, Dean.  But I’m gonna be the guy left behind to explain to the cops why you three are harassing Deb Frieling.”
“Are you gonna read?” Dean asked.
Dean snorted a laugh, turning onto Lebanon Road.  Home.  The same lane they had followed Bobby down that night.  “Lebanon Road,” Dean declared, grinning wryly.  “Sure as hell beats Lily Dale Lane!”
Everyone stared.
“Damn, that was close.”
Dean licked his lips, pulling his lower one in to bite it.  “I didn’t know it was a date, man.”
He collapsed next to Dean, whose arm instantly cradled him into his chest.
“He did.  Don’t worry, he didn’t say it was with a guy.  Just some mystery date.”
“What was that about?” Sam asked.
“Yeah.  Then we walked around town and up and down Lily Dale and...”
Cas grinned harder.  It was so true.  There had yet to be something Dean couldn’t do.  “You are so damn hot sometimes it really is ridiculous.”
“That looks delicious!” Dean said honestly, grinning even wider when Cas turned a loaded stare at him.
“What the hell are you guys doin’ at 4am on a school night?” Dean demanded.
“They seem to need some instruction about barbecuing burgers,” Cas mumbled.
Melanie nodded, her eyes still reading them as her smile grew.  “Aw.  You two are in love!”
Chapter 10:  Three Funerals and a Tea Party
“He’ll be here tomorrow,” Gabe yawned.
“Come on,” Dean cheesed a grin.
Brandy eyed her large, blood stained duffle bag ominously.  “We...talked.  He said I could stay at the Rectory with him.”  She looked back at Jody.  “I’m not doing that.”
“No,” Castiel grinned shyly.
“You are?” Sam chuckled.  “That’s a big year!”
“Oh, okay,” Kevin tried not to act too relieved but Dean could read it on his young face.  “I’ll take the extra place setting away then.”
“Aaaand PJ is IN Deb’s house,” Dean added.
“Hey there!” Bobby said abruptly, sitting back quickly with a forced grin.
“Okay!  I’ll be...Loki!”
“Alright!” Luc grinned.  He backed out of the parking space and pulled out of the lot.  Castiel felt like he was wearing a huge sign that said ‘Castiel is with Luc!’
Bobby nodded with some relief evident in his shoulders relaxing.
“Did you hear what Principal Henriksen said?  If you get in one more fight, you’ll be expelled!”
“Dean?” He had said in shock.  Before he could wonder why he was there, Dean was hugging him tight.  It had taken him a few seconds to even process what Dean Winchester was doing.  Then he hugged him back just as tightly.  He had never hugged him before.  And he had rarely hugged him since.
“It is an odd town,” Cas mused.
Dean gave a staunch bitchface number nine.  “Gabe is Shaggy.  All day.  No question.  That makes you Scooby.”
They followed her into the small kitchen, Dean catching sight of movement outside her back door just before someone knocked on it.
“Yeah,” Dean said, like he was an idiot.  “Look, if you want pot, you come see me.  If you need...anything, come see me.”
“You think he dodged the bullet, right?” Rufus grinned ruefully, slinging back the remainder of his shot.  “Not Bobby Singer.  No.”
“Small town got ya feelin’ snuggled in yet?” Garth beamed.
Donna nodded, rocking back on her heels.  “Turns out Mahoney took five patients with him.”
Dean grinned crookedly.
“Um.”
Castiel pulled up to the curb, turning the car off.
“Shouldn’t you be headed home?” Castiel asked nervously.
“Pushy one,” Gabe smirked, raising his hand.
“I asked Dean ten times if he repaired the gazebo step for tomorrow’s wedding!” Gabe barked back.
“Shit.  There’s Rufus.  Can you meet me at the Carrigan’s?”
“Yeah!” Sam blurted, clearing his throat loudly, wrapping a protective arm around Fletcher.
“Don’t even start on breeding,” Dean frowned.  “Ew.”
Oh damn.
“What?” Sam finally broke the silence.
“So, you twos are brothers?” She asked, looking interested.
“I would marry you,” Dean went on, his confidence building.  “Yes.  Yes!  Let’s...get married!”
“I knew you were a winker,” Dean teased, turning to settle into him as the small to his big spoon.  Castiel kissed the back of Dean’s neck and relished in the ability to touch him all over.
“Don’t say ANYTHING,” Dean whispered.  “Not a word.”
“I better call Bobby,” Dean whispered.  “I’ll never hear the end of it if we bust this thing wide open and Bobby wasn’t around to see it happen.”  He video called him, so the old bugger could have the best view.
“This here’s my niece, Wendy.  She lives here in Sioux Falls.  Kinda the reason I moved to the area.”
“Are we on season two?” Dean asked.
“Tease.”
“Where’s Dean?”  Gabe asked, his eyes were so bright they were an orangish tan, rather than brown.
He propped his head against the top of hers, both watching the movie.  “What if we make you and Dorothy your own place on the fifth floor?”
“He’s a mortician, right?” Chuck asked.
“I specialized in witches.  They were my...thing.”  He looked off to the side, back at a life he no longer had.  “My partner and I had hit a wall on the coven we were tracking and decided to help another hunter who was losing his shit with a werewolf problem.  We went to Rhode Island to help him.”  He looked back at his hands.  “By the time we got there, Eddie was dead.  My partner and I killed the whole damn pack.  Every one.  What I didn’t know was, one of the women we rescued from an attack had been bitten.”  He frowned, looking up at them.  “She turned.  After I left.”
Cas nodded.  “I know nothing about these people.”  The next house after the Carrigan’s was a lovely grayish-blue two-story home with sharp A-framed eves.  It was very neat and tidy looking with a carefully maintained and manicured lawn and landscaping.
He chanced a glance back at Sam, who sat with his head down, eyes cast to the floor, surely thinking the same sort of things.
“But we were thinking this mysterious basement door might be at the Carrigan’s,” Cas added.
Dean glanced over at him with a tiny grin.
Dean shook his head slowly.  “Don’t be sorry.  I just...never had that happen before.”
“Right,” Dean said quietly.
After being cooped up at the hospital all day, he craned his head back and forth and stretched his legs out until his boots bumped into the seat across from him.
“Zoe’s spending the night at my house,” Maddie said.  “We’re gonna play school.  Sparkle REALLY likes to read.  He’s very smart.”
Garth blushed.  “I gotta say, I sure wasn’t expecting to become mayor!”
“Not Mr. and Mrs. Claus!” Sully gasped, sounding like Will Ferrell in Elf.
“You gettin’ up?” Fletcher asked, crawling onto the covers to hug him.
“What, so you can call the police?” Ed grinned, his eyes looking deadly serious.  “I don’t think so.”
“The video was at 7:45 in the evening,” Gabe said, looking up at Cas.
“Yeah,” Dean said softly.  Oh yeah, way to get out there Winchester.
Castiel just grinned, dropping his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
“It’s gonna be fine!” Gabe waved him off.  He leaned in with an impish smile toward Dean.  “How pissed was he?”
Castiel thought about that for a moment.  “Why?  What did you two fight about anyway?”
Castiel let Dean’s hand go, glancing to the side, not really wanting to get into this.  “I’m just another Smitty.  I’ll probably never get out of here.  I could get into a hundred colleges.  I just can’t pay for any of them.  It’s life, Dean.  I could pass a million tests and still fail at life.  I could kiss a million guys and still die a lonely man.”
Gabe, sitting on the floor with his back against a wall, looked at him like he was crazy.  “We NEED furniture!  Don’t be goin’ minimalist on me, Samshine.  I might have to put my foot down.”
“I... I want to tell you.  But...can it wait until we’re home?” Castiel said quietly, turning the water off.
Dean knew he liked guys.
“Thanks, man!” Chuck half cried.  “Why do I do this?  What would I do without you?” Chuck slumped heavily onto Gabe’s side.  Gabe slung an arm around him, patting his head gently.
“I see you at the front door, Hunter,” came Dean’s calm voice.
“Such a nice, hard, whiskey-dick you have going here,” Sam whispered, firming his next few strokes enough to make Gabe gasp.
“This’ll be nice, Sam.”
Dean chuckled.  “Headphones.”
They all crowded into the window in the living room, staring across the street at the Carrigan’s house.
“A girl named Brandy stopped here this morning.  Ring a bell?”
“That was quick,” Sam said quietly.
Everyone was on their feet, heading down the sweeping stairs.  Bobby snagged Dean’s elbow.  “Cas has been in jail?”
“Wanna pick out a song on the jukebox with me?” Wendy asked Fletcher.
“Yes.  For this.”  Dean kissed him harder.
“Is Weems helping you play?” Sam grinned.
“I did notice that the entire town is...strangely picturesque,” Cas said.
“That...won’t be necessary,” the cop hesitated, giving Gabe an unsure look.
“Yeah.”
“We’ll see,” Castiel grinned.  Dean gave him a look of surprise.  Castiel shrugged, forcing himself to be brave.  “It’s been a month.  I figured you just got shy.”
“Oh, but it’s so fun!” Dean wheezed.
“Almost there!” Gabe encouraged, still wrapped in black snake.
“Well...” she glanced toward where Kontos stood talking to another cop over a counter, “Jiminy Crickets!  I thought Doug was just going to talk to ya!  What happened?”
When Castiel was three, his father left.  Just...left.  Walked out on him and his mother.  He had very few memories of the man other than he had blue eyes like his own and a sweet, soft voice.
“Me and Sam are gonna visit the Smith’s house on Saturday night to check out the basement.  If we can get a lead on where the jewelry is going, we can find out who is moving it,” Dean said.
Castiel let out a strangled moan, shifting his hips, making Dean grin all the harder.
“Hi!” Naoki smiled.  “We live in the tan house across from the Smiths.  My daughter, Kat, is the one with really long, brown hair that’s playing over there.”
“Ya used the tea the Carrigans grow,” Bobby added quietly.  “Nightshade, am I right?”
“Well, he isn’t here.  The best I can do is pass a message to him.”
Sam shook his head.  “You are too cute, Gabriel.”
“Well, welcome to Charming Acres, the safest town in the USA!” Cindy grinned, her shoulders lifting in more excitement than the situation really called for.
“You’re gonna lose more than a nail, Mr. Smarty-pants.”
“Sparkle!” Dean nodded, catching on.  “The unicorn man.  The manicorn.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean assured him.  “You just let me know what the plans are, and I’ll be there.”
He opened his eyes, seeing Dean facing him.  Fast asleep.
“Yeah.  No.  We said we were going camping, so let’s go...somewhere,” Dean said, desperately needing Cas to understand him.
“And my space map!” Fletcher said excitedly.
Castiel nodded, biting his lip slowly.  “So... where do you sleep when you aren’t home?  Sam says you’re gone half the time.”
“He did,” Gabe and Sam said loudly.  “It was pretty obvious the night you ‘busted’ him.”
“Did Sam figure out we’ve been foolin’ around?” Dean asked, pulling up, staring down into Castiel’s grinning face.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, kissing his cheek and lips until Dean was grinning and awake.  “I love you.”
“Indeed,” Cas agreed.  They went back inside, both going their separate ways.
Gabe turned, eyebrows lifting into an innocent look.  “Great!  How are you doing, Wayne?”
“I wish I could see Sparkle,” Gabe said, eating his ice cream again and going back to a gentle rocking sway on the porch swing.
“No,” Murphy half grinned.  “I suppose not.  I spoke with Brandy this morning.  We...met.  Over at the market.”
Cas, trying to put Dean back at ease, took a half step back, looking down at the grill.  “I know you told me you were done fishing.  I just didn’t realize you were planning on living close to Sam.”
“Hey there, fellas!” Came a call from across the street.  Ed Carrigan waving to them.
“Yep,” Dean admitted tightly.
He focused on the book he was reading.  It was as if he could feel Luc’s presence like a beacon of heat behind him.  Maybe Luc was just messing with him.  Or maybe not.  He read the same page three times before the end of the day bell rang.
“Yep, he was the nurse that took down that whole nursing home,” Bobby vouched.
“We might have to break in and shake down their love fest on the moon,” Gabe said with entirely too much amusement, making Melanie and Camille laugh.
Dean whined.  Castiel chuckled low.  There was such power in the ability to affect someone.  It wasn’t like making Luc laugh or fending off his advances.  This was what he wanted.  Dean.  Wanting him.
“Yeah, but...well, I saw them out at the indoor with Loki last night and...I’m pretty sure he’s into her.”
“Dean?  He’s Sam’s brother.  But mine’s in town too.  I’ll bring them along.”
He plunged down, his mouth capturing Dean’s.
Griffin Tate, as noted on his name tag, looked up at him with a haunted expression.  “Duuuuude!  You didn’t hear?”
“Hi,” Gabe stammered.  “Can I...help you?”
“Typically,” Gabe grinned, rocking back on his heels.  “Not much of a po-po fan.”
He lived in the kind of neighborhood that was quiet with activity.  Sidewalks gave way to bikes and kids playing hop scotch, people walking dogs and pushing baby strollers.  Trees were trimmed and lawns were mowed.
“What is this?  Season two?”
“Dean,” he said softly, smiling fondly.
Deb stepped back, her flirty vibe dropping instantly.  “Oh!  Hi, Linda.  Gabe, Sam, this is Linda Berman, PJ’s wife,” she said stiffly, “and their daughter, Maddie.”
Castiel rolled over in bed the next morning when he woke.  Gabe was still sleeping, mumbling something about butterscotch.
“Thank you,” both women said quietly.
Dean grinned at Cas, relieved to have someone just as invested in getting to the bottom of what was wrong with Charming Acres.  “Your first day of work might help.  Griffin’s grandma is the one that told him the coroner used those exact words.  Heart exploded.  Said it turned into mush.  His grandma Sheila is at Sunset Fields.”
“Come on in,” Gabe called.
Castiel swallowed, feeling his traitorous cheeks start to warm.  “I did get to punch Dirk.  So.”
Cas braced himself for a full throttle Gabriel hug, getting a loud kiss on the cheek from him.
It was Cas’ turn to whine and squeeze his eyes shut in absolute pleasure as he pressed forward, deep, deep, deep until their pelvises met.  He gripped Dean around the waist and breathed heavily to steady himself.  As his eyes opened, he marveled at what he held in his hands.  The body.  The man.  The possibility.
“How was he?”
“Is it normal for a group of children to all have imaginary friends?” Cas asked.
They met by the Pac-Man machine.
Dean grinned with silent acceptance.  He slid out and back in with snap.
Sam nodded.  He recognized the blonde, Olivia, as the woman who had been making out with Gary at the picnic table several nights ago.
Castiel nodded.
Charlie and Chuck had gone upstairs to look at something on Sam’s computer.  Gabriel was out back on the phone.  And the two of them were alone.
“My friend Nicky has a crush on his friend Weems,” Zoe explained, like two kids needed an explanation for swimming on a hot evening.
Damn his brother and his inability to read people!
“Shit,” he muttered, catching sight of Justin Smith walking toward his house sporting a gray suit with matching hat.  Gabe, in his basketball shorts and t-shirt wondered how the hell the guy pulled off suits in freaking July.
“My favorite sort,” Cas said softly, kissing him.
Chapter 2:  Lily Dale Lane
He could pack and sleep in the car.  Or the porch.  He certainly wasn’t sleeping here.  His hands shook slightly as the reality of just what he had been doing with Dean hit him.  They had all-but had sex.  They came together.  They went all the way.  Everything but penetration.  And Dean was probably having sex with Brooke.
“Me too.”
“Here’s napkins, honey,” his mom said, handing him several.  Castiel blushed, wiping the rest off his hands as Dean chuckled.  And the stroking continued.
“Sure,” Linda smiled.
Castiel’s hands clung to the sleeves of Dean’s t-shirt, then slid around his back.  His mouth was warm and soft.  Patient.  Castiel gasped a tiny bit, pressing back almost immediately.  His chest boomed with a racing heart, echoed by the fireworks.  The only similarity to this kiss and Luc’s was that he was shocked by both.  But this kiss was soft and warm.  Fireworks literally boomed overhead.
It wasn’t until he’d taken multiple pictures and sent them to Sam’s email, that he was caught red-handed by one very angry looking Dr. Mahoney.
“I was enjoying myself,” Dean grinned back, voice scratchy.
“I am,” Dean grinned proudly, getting an unimpressed smirk from Cas.  He shook her hand, the smell of pot roast filling the air and making his stomach growl in a happy way, for the first time today.
Castiel headed home.  He felt oddly flat about it all.  So, he wasn’t into Luc.  The cold, hard fact was, he was into Dean.  Who wasn’t into him.  Even as he thought it, he wasn’t sure he believed it.  If he were going to help Jo learn how to kiss...he was pretty fucking sure it wouldn’t feel like his chest was booming out and the fireworks were actually coming from him!
“Hi,” she countered uncertainly, glancing at Cas.  “Is he a werewolf?”
Sam walked in looking miffed.  Gabe came in behind him looking proud of himself.  It was the grin that gave it away.  Pride was something Gabe generally saved for one specific thing.  Pranking.
“It’s a good town, Sam.  Are you sure you don’t want to stay?”
“No.”  Cas crossed his arms over his chest.  “I’m Castiel Winchester.  Formerly Castiel Novak.”
“W-what should I do?” Castiel grinned nervously.
“PJ is walking toward Deb’s house,” Cas clarified.
“I disagree,” Cas argued.  “Your method would have taken entirely too long.  Haven’t you watched 48 hours?”
“My favorite new game,” he muttered, plying Dean with a kiss before pulling his shirt off.  Dean let his shirt be pulled off easily enough, dropping the bear to the floor.
He looked up as the door opened.  Gabe came in with a sheepish look on his face.  “Mom?”
“Yeah,” he managed.  If he turned just a little, tiptoed just a little, he could kiss him. For a wild second he contemplated it.  He didn’t want to be brothers.  Not with Dean.  He wanted more.  So much more!
“I’m headed out with Benny.”
“Yeah!” Castiel grinned.  He followed Luc down the hall and out of the building.  It was almost hot out today.
Dean stopped walking, giving him a sad look.  A large burst of white showered down, giving Dean a luminous glow.  “Your life won’t be like that, Cas.  You and my brother, your friends, you all have a lot going for you.”
Her smiling eyes dropped down to his hands.  “Oh!  I see you’re here on business, then.”
Dean sat a mug of hot coffee on the table in their work room.  The war room, they had dubbed it since the Serengeti dining room was used as a dining room now, was on the second floor and open partially to the grand staircase.  While it did not have the character of the Serengeti dining room, it was tastefully adorned with floor plans, framed and captured a time when they all were coming together to battle the beautiful home they shared today.  A beautiful mahogany table took the stage in the center of the room, covered with plans for the third and fourth floors.  A ridiculous throne manned the head of the table.  Not as majestic as the lion one downstairs.  This one was oak with a giant peacock.  A brilliant blue cushion kept Gabe comfortable and preening.  The brilliance of the arrival of it was one of the many fond memories Dean cherished.  He was the one that bought it.  Gabe about turned inside-out at Dean unveiling it in the foyer.  Cas had damn near exploded, incredulous that Dean would encourage such a venture.
But yesterday, he nearly let an unhappy rumble out of his chest when he had to leave for work. Dean waved goodbye, a spatula in his hand and a carefree grin on his face. And Cas was a stick in the mud for a moment, warring with his conflicting feelings. He had to go to work. He had to make money mentoring the younger generation—only half of their rent would get paid otherwise.
Cas couldn't have missed
Cas doesn't know what he had been expecting. Some part of him had been hoping that maybe,
And no, I don't ship Jody and Anna. They are sister in laws, therefore very close. Personally, I am very close with my brother's wife, so I thought their relationship was relatively realistic.
"No need to get your panties in a bunch, princess. Just giving your tired ass a friendly reminder." Dean scraped the last pancake off the pan and onto the waiting plate.
~•~◇~•~
The man in question spun to see who called his name. Sure enough, his baby brother Sammy was sitting in a booth waving.
~•~◇~•~
"Your queen kindly thanks you for your service," Charlie quipped regally. That earned an eye roll from Dean.
" The anger seemed to drain out of Dean, leaving him resigned. "I was gonna take you to that shelter you love so much, the one with the guinea pigs. Except this time you could take some home. I even bribed the volunteers there to not adopt them out to anyone else. And then I was gonna do some really sappy shit involving the damn rodents that I'm not gonna tell you 'cause it's embarrassing."
She glowered at him in a way that could only mean
"Ha! Didn't think it was
“Thank you, Sam.”
not a love ballad?"
"Come on, I don't have much to go by."
watching some asmr to help me sleep
"Congratulations. Go the fuck back to sleep."
It was times like these that made Dean wonder what life would be like if he'd followed Sammy to California. Sure he'd made the excuses of,
There's a knock at his bedroom door.
"What did I just say about proposing during sex?"
"I've been attracted to guys my whole life and never noticed!"
After school the next day, Cas talked to Dean's little brother's best friend, Charlie, while they waited for Dean and Sam to meet them at the Impala. They sat on the curb next to Baby.
shut up
Cas let out a huff of laughter and shook his head fondly. "That would generally do it."
~•~◇~•~
"Understatement of the century!"
kicked in. Cas smiled. He knew how much Dean loved the song.
"Aye aye, captain."
"Goodbye, Dean. Tell Sam I say hello." Cas looked up from where he was pulling a Wii controller out from in between the couch cushions.
"If I'm understanding you correctly, you want to find out what your sexual identity is?"
u still there man?
~•~◇~•~
“Whatever, bitch.”
Have fun with your one true love ;)
He never told anyone when exactly he bought the ring, but he had a feeling if he had told Charlie, she would have been proud. Or she would have laughed in his face.
sorry. Please forgive me. That was- I'm sorry. Fuck." He squeezes his eyes closed and prays Dean doesn't hate him.
"So, what's up?" she asked.
~•~◇~•~
"You're pretty out of it. Why don't you go shower and I'll get you fresh sheets? Huh, Alpha?"
Inspired by Sam's words, Cas set off to listen to whatever music he pleased.
~•~◇~•~
"Actually, Dean, assuming Claire is ready to go home directly after school gets out, I should be able to make it back here before book club ends."
“I’m not searching for a case, I've simply been fixing inaccuracies in the Men of Letters archives. But thank you, Sam. I will keep that in mind.”
Cas was sitting against the headboard, reading, when Dean came into the bedroom. He took off his glasses and closed his book. "How did the call go with Mary?"
"So, what's on the agenda for tonight? I know I said we'd go out on the town, but Ash is fuckin' out for the count and he'd bitch about it for ages if we left him here."
"I don't know. Maybe."
—anything but that. The first thing he did when Charlie came out to him was engulf the sobbing redhead in a bear hug and tell her that she was loved and accepted. One time he and Gabe got so wasted that they ended up making out on a vomit stained couch. And he didn't hate it. So, in no way, shape, or form was Dean even remotely homophobic. Okay, maybe that last point was a bit of a stretch—but still—he wasn't homophobic.
Charlie raised a challenging eyebrow.
he was gay."
Maybe
? No, dude, he is
"Kinda? Yeah. I just feel...ready. Like it's time. I want people to know."
I apologize for the long wait for this chapter!! With the ending of Supernatural being right around the corner, thinking about the show in general has been pretty anxiety inducing.
it's a fluffy little guy
it. When a symphony of noises coalesce to create a harmony, you could feel it; sounds so beautiful that they made your hair stand on end and tears flood your eyes.
. When was the last time you left the house for fun?" She bumped his shoulder with hers'.
drifted from the impala's stereos, soft and intimate. Dean's eyes jumped to his—something not unlike hope and fear danced around in the green beauties.
"Oh. Okay. Thank you for trusting me with that information. " Cas picked his pen up and went back to work.
"Duly noted, Charles."
"How about we get a few rounds and annoy the hell out of everyone by playing the same song on the jukebox?"
“You grew up…
Hunt-free nights were spent listening to the jewels of the past with the hunter. When asked what his favorite Led Zeppelin songs were, Dean went all in and made a mixtape,
They stopped by a drive-thru and picked up some burgers and fries. Cas put
“Good,” Dean swallowed. “Good.”
~•~◇~•~
Dean bought the ring a week after Sam and Jess' wedding.
ha ha. fuck you.
"Cas."
He was asleep before the video ended.
, Dean was telling him that he wanted something more with Cas. That he wanted to be claimed. To have a nest together. Embarrassment washes over him in a hot wave.
Dean rolled his eyes and gave Cas that heart wrenchingly fond smile. "You're a dork."
"What?" Playing dumb wouldn't buy him much more than a few seconds, but—hey—can't blame a guy for trying.
Cas, who sat on the front bench next to Dean, gave Dean his undivided attention. "Are you sure?"
Dean chuckled. "How about we take a raincheck on dinner for now," he nibbled on Cas' earlobe, delighting in his boyfriend's—no,
"I know right? Damn good donuts..."
, Dean thought, smiling.
"G'mornin', Cas."
They finished breakfast in relative silence, leaving a comment here and there about something funny Sammy said the other day ("Dean, not everyone wants their arteries clogged by the age of forty.") or plans for the weekend ("Charlie has been meaning to get me caught up on Game of Thrones.")
"Yes?"
Oh well. Back to thinking mornings were shit.
. He felt like it's something he should've known. How could he have not known his best friend of 28 years was gay?!
“That's just—,” Sam sighed. ”Don't listen to Dean. His fragile masculinity pops up every now and then. Dad wasn't the best influence when it came to things like that. Just—just don't push it too much. He's getting better. I think. He listens to Taylor Swift now.” Sam grimaced.
~•~◇~•~
They've known one another for years. Long enough that Dean is well aware Cas wants nothing to do with sex… and Dean wants everything to do with it. It's difficult knowing that even if Dean did reciprocate his feelings, he'd never be enough for the Omega.
didn't find adorable.
Disgruntled and bleary-eyed, he shuffled into the kitchen. Knowing full well that Cas wouldn't be up until an hour or two passed, Dean brewed a fresh pot of coffee.
And that was Dean's cue to burrow deeper into his warm blankets.
gay!"
As always, Sam rose up early. It wasn't that he didn't enjoy sleeping in—believe him, he did—he just liked to make his days as productive as possible; and waking up at the crack of dawn helped him do just that. This morning, Sam would start his day with a quick rinse. Yes, a rinse. He'd be taking a longer shower after his run. Towel and athletic wear tucked under his arm, he walked to the shower room.
"Sounds great, Dean." Cas beamed. The skin around his eyes crinkled adorably—
“Alright!  Alright!  I’ll be more careful!”  Dean disappeared behind the curtain again and Sam left the bathroom, running into Cas in the hallway, who gave his second towel an amused grin.
“And then Fred can come home with you to Sioux Falls,” Cas nodded at Bobby.
Castiel sat back in his chair, lifting a brow in thought.  They had been planning for over an hour now, all of them crowded around Bobby’s kitchen table.
Dean shook his head, eyes going wide.  “We weren’t even that serious.”  Dean looked down at his feet bashfully and pulled his hand away from Cas’.  Just as Cas began worrying he had said too much, Dean pulled his wallet out of his pocket, taking out a worn and folded photo, staring at it.  “I...I always keep this in my bunk when I’m at sea.”  He turned the photo and Cas’ breath caught in his chest.  It was one of the wedding photos.  Sam and Gabe stood side by side, Sam’s arm around Gabe, Gabe’s arm around Sam and himself, his arm around Gabe and Dean, Dean’s arm around him.  He, Sam, and Gabe were smiling at the photographer, and Dean was smiling at Cas.  He knew this photo.  It was not the one that was his favorite.  It was the one taken a moment later of just he and Dean.  But knowing this was the one that Dean had taken as one of only a few possessions a deckhand could have aboard the cramped boats touched him to his very soul.
“Are we obstructing justice?” Gabe asked.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “Yeah. Brooke.  She’s okay, I guess.  He stays at her house half the time.  Mom gets all pissed about him sleeping there.”
Gabe looked at Cas, confused.
Shit.
It was Dean’s turn for dawning understanding to wash over his face.  “Yes.”
“Melanie?” Sam guessed.
“Thank you.”  Cas gave Dean a hesitant smile.
Bobby turned, looking at Sam in confusion.  “Fight the fairies?”
“Yes, Mom, I did,” Castiel snapped.
“It’s not that...it’s just...I’m not ready to talk about it yet.”
The cop’s face lit up into a smile.  “Well, hello there.  You must be the head cheese ‘round here.  With the fancy suit and all.”
“Then don’t act like anything is going on,” Dean muttered, smoothing cool lotion over his tight, hot skin.
A haunted look passed between the two.
Marion chuckled.  “Oh, sugar, she wouldn’t think that about you.”
Dean’s arms were crossed tight over his chest.  He was trying his damnedest to be reasonable.  “Did you forget that he and Cas grew up under constant scrutiny and were forced into careers they didn’t want?  That not only was he a lawyer, he was a damn good one.  He lived with constant put-downs and always told how worthless he was.  His childhood was just as fucked as ours.  He runs an estate and a business.  He works six days a week like the rest of us.  How exactly is that irresponsible?”
, the whole fucking place was powered by magic). The only downside was the lack of shower curtains. For that reason, the brothers were very vocal about when they planned on taking a shower. Sam walked in on Dean's naked ass once, and ever since then they'd adopted the unspoken rule.
When he was almost out of the produce section he heard, "Have a good one!"
Cas tightened his grip on Dean's waist. "I could be amenable to that."
Why did I tell him that, Dean thought, they're gonna think I'm a fucking weirdo and then they're never gonna talk me again and-
And Dean had the sudden realization that,
Dean visualized Sam's famous bitch face, which was more than likely in use at the moment. He chuckled at the imagery and shut off his phone.
Dean slid back, pounding in.
“Definitely,” Dean grinned as Cas excused himself from the little group and came toward them with a look of relief, stopping short as three kids ran past him.  Sully stopped him, looking like he was inviting him to play some game with the kids, which Cas was politely declining.
“We’re in,” Sam whispered.
“Sure!” He nodded, running off with two girls and a boy.  “Catch ya later, Sam!”  He stopped in his tracks.  “Oh, unless you wanna play!”
“I’m takin’ you home.”
Dean rubbed a nervous hand across the back of his neck.  “Because.  She said I was a lousy boyfriend.”
“Hm?  Mm!” Marion nodded.
“Agreed.  And why the ‘good’ mayor would cover it up,” Cas added.
Sully nodded.  “He’s a quiet boy.  Great kid!  Loves music.  He’s got an awesome imagination.” His smile faded a bit.  “I must admit though, I’ve wondered if something wasn’t going on at home.  I’ve just never had any evidence.  He always says home is great.”
“So...Cas was arrested?” Bobby asked.
“Only the finest grill we sell at Chip’s Hardware!”
“Cas!” Dean shook him gently.  “Breathe, buddy.  What’s goin’ on?  Did you take something?  A pill? Smoke something?”
Cas smirked to himself as Brandy sat up a bit straighter and studied Dean where he worked at the counter.
Dean frowned.  A slip up like this could cost them their secrecy and make them a monster target.
“I see,” she said, quite interested.
“Open up and say ahhh.”
“Darts!” Dean grinned.
“You bought an entire bed and all the bedding at a Walmart,” Sam clarified.
“Be right back,” he smirked, getting a tired, soft grin from Cas.  While every bit of Charming Acres felt a little off to him, he could feel it even more as he entered the brightly lit store.
Grown-up juice.
Understanding dawned on Sam as Dean and Cas looked at him, a little more confused.  Nicky the mermaid and Weems must be imaginary friends.  “Are they friends with the other little girl,” he glanced at Cas who gave him a I-don’t-know face, “um, Maddie, that’s her name.  Are they friends of Maddie’s friend?”
He sat up, straddling Dean’s lap.  Dean’s hands ran firmly up his thighs, up his sides, sliding up his chest and capturing his face.  He pulled him down, kissing him, rolling them so Cas was again on the bottom.
Alone.
Deb nodded, fighting tears again.
“Wait...Wayne has the tea?” Gabe asked.
Garth smiled kindly.  “Of course!”  He looked at Cas and Gabe for direction.
“Cas?” Dean asked so softly he almost didn’t hear him.
Castiel grinned wide again, letting their now clasped hands drop down to Dean’s chest.  “Dean Winchester, will you be my boyfriend?”
“Let’s go see who it is, boy,” Cas huffed.  He left the path, jogging across the grass, wishing he could cross as easily and swiftly as Buddy.
Cas’ arms squeezed him in a sleepy hug.  “I love you too.”
“What kit?” Cas asked.
A giddy laugh bubbled up before Dean could slap a hand over his own mouth.
“Yeah.  I might turn into a pumpkin and you’d have to carry me home,” Gabe yawned.  “See ya tomorrow, guys!”
“Safest town in America, my ass,” Dean swore.
He could feel his fingers and thumb toy with the edge of his t-shirt, sliding beneath to swipe gently along his skin.
The arcade was cool, bright, and loud.  Sam and Dean played a monster shooting game, making the leader board and winning a ton of tickets.
All four of them looked stunned.
“So much for the June Cleaver routine,” Dean muttered, Cas eyeing him to can the one-liners.
“Come on in!  I know it’s not much to look at, but hey, it’s home.”
“Using language like that...h-e-double hockey sticks?  Kissing!  You should have your mouths washed out with soap.”
Kevin thought a moment.  “I’m pretty sure my mom will ALWAYS watch every move I make.  She’ll probably follow me to college.”
“Bobby said he’d be here in a minute.  He’s leaving Fred with Rufus again.”  Gabe moved the curtain to the side, watching the neighbors.
“How’d you ladies get such special treatment, getting Mr. Winchester for breakfast again?”  He was a young guy, 23 at the oldest, with a barely-there goatee and a thin mustache.
—gasp, "and move this to the bedroom."
didja name him?
Dean wiped his greasy hands on a rag before swatting Jo with the very same rag.
"You know, Dean, some things can be romantic without being sexual," Sam said with a pointed look.
Cas filled a mug with coffee and walked across the hall to the living room. He leaned against the doorway and admired the view. The sun was shining through the bay window, casting a golden glow to the room; dust particles floated in the beam of light. Though the back of the sofa was to him, Cas could see Dean's bare feet hanging over the arm of the couch.
Charlie was sitting at the large round table in the center of the room, her Star Wars lunch pail and Capri Sun juice box in front of her. She reached into a pink tupperware container and popped a few pomegranate seeds into her mouth.
"I've never been straight!"
." Dean had to restrain himself from gagging. He had no idea how Cas liked those weird ass cookies that (sorry mom) tasted like shit.
~•~◇~•~
"Well, I'm not completely straight and I don't use it as an excuse for being bad at math," said Anna.
The Men of Letters bunker had a room for showering not unlike one you'd find at a swim meet or high school locker room. One wall was lined with shower heads, separated by tiled dividers; creating a stall. The water pressure was magical (no
Cas blushed. "Flirt."
Dean slammed the door on his way out.
The rinse was nice and refreshing. He hopped out of the stall, dried off, and tugged on his exercise clothing. He pulled his hair into a top knot—sweat dripping into your eyes was not a fun experience—and walked down the halls. Sam dropped off his sleepwear in his room and then made a pit stop in the kitchen to retrieve his water bottle. When he made it to the library, a resident was sitting at the large wooden table surrounded by a plethora of files and papers.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Does that count as coming out though? I mean, it's certainly a statement…"
Sam dragged a hand through his hair. And then took a gulp of water. Then took a bigger gulp. It seemed he was trying to make like Jesus and turn that water into wine. The liquid courage seemed to work because he spoke a minute later. "I'm proposing to Jess."
