"That choice, I think," John answered, "isn't really up to you, isn't it?"
"Oh, nothing less than our ultimate demise," Sherlock answered. "Mine in particular. I imagine he's still quite cross that I tried to kill him, and thought I'd succeeded. Although which bothers him more is debatable."
“Well, we’ll just have to keep our eyes open then, won’t we? I’ll keep the stern if you take the bow.”
"You could not have Jim Moriarty or myself more wrong than you do in this moment." Sherlock began lowly, fingers clasped together. "You think Jim Moriarty is a man of principle, a man with rules, like me. You think Jim Moriarty is a man of decency and propriety. You think Jim Moriarty is a man, but he is not a man, John, he is a beast. An absolute beast, a monster that lives in the dirty veins of London, a pathogen that snatches cells up and swallows them and turns them into viruses. Jim Moriarty is a cancer, a gangrenous limb that needs to be sliced off before infection can spread."
Any scenario that Sherlock had anticipated was only that: a scenario. He knew that even the most logical daydreams tend to overshoot reality by lightyears. Occasionally, however,
"You said Bruges was safe!" Sherlock yelled frantically, as if it would make John talk to him. Good. If he was angry, he wouldn't leave. The stubborn arsehole would want the last word. "You said they weren't gunning for you there! You said you'd be alright!"
"You…Is this a rhetorical question or something you expect me to answer?" John asks as he walks to Sherlock's side.
Slowly, he presses his cigarette into the tabletop. Zips up the bag, stuffs the pigskin full of it.
“You don’t get it, darling.” Moriarty said, shaking his head. “I will take him from you, make no mistake. But I won’t do it now, when you’re so far apart. I will do it when you’re together, when you think that you have finally gotten the peace that you misguidedly believe you deserve. None of us deserve peace. We need blood, violence, violation. There is no happy ending, and certainly not for you, Sherlock Holmes, but I want you to be happy, and I want you to lose it in the exact moment when you believe it will last. That will be your great tragedy, and I will be its harbinger.”
John sighs, stooping over his coffee at the counter. Someone put on some fatuous, ridiculous jazz song on the jukebox and it fills the hole-in-the-wall diner with a weird molasses-like malaise. Or maybe that's just what today will be like, with the news breaking all over town—or maybe it will be like this forever now, maybe—
Notes:
Artemisia, as I'm sure our art lovers would know, is Artemisia Gentileschi, the famous Italian Baroque painter. You may know her portrayals of
He’d never liked that string though, tied around the axis pole. He never quite forgave what it was: an enabler. He’d always loathed them since he sat down Christmas morning and realised through trial-and-error that no matter what he did, he’d never get the wheel spinning without winding the string around it. A tedious business, certainly, but it ruined the wholeness of the thing, it tainted the idea that perhaps he had found something that could move itself without anyone’s help, something that could spin off all on its own, forever, self-perpetuating and independent. Wouldn’t that just solve everything, if the string was out of the equation forever?
“No, I’m sure these three years for me were just a fucking walk in the park compared to yours. Was running all over the globe and having great fucking adventures all the time a little too stressful? Had to take a public flight? Did your five star suite get downgraded?”
“Pity we didn’t have proof on the werewolf though.”
“You had nightmares last night.” Mikheia says carefully. John takes a slow sip of coffee, if only to prolong talking about it. “What were they about?”
"My mother is grotesquely affectionate. She'll want to question you for hours."
"I think the killer has a preoccupation with slicing people open and making sure their organs are displaced."
at him—and whatever he sees there makes him relax. He lets his head fall back to John's chest.
“Maybe he needs discretion.”
." The voice said more forcefully, followed by a cry of pain.
“Oh my god,” John sighed, suddenly understanding. “You’re upset he didn’t pick you? Are we in primary school?”
"In the Kremlin?" John asked, trying to recollect the elements of their cooling conversation. "Yeah. It was mint flavoured, just like the kind I normally use." His brow furrowed. "Why?"
Rain taps against the windows of 221B as it pours over London, trying to reach the warm light inside.
, he can’t get to me.”
A grin comes to John’s face, mirrored by the old man across the table.
"I can take care of that, if you like."
"Yes, I would. My soul has been cleansed, purged in the fire. I've struck gold, see. I can't be harmed."
, Lestrade," Sherlock bites irately. "And did you consider possible motives or did that fly right over your tiny little head?"
"None would do just as well." John said, his arms crossed as he stared down into the inked and divided city.
He doesn't think he's ever seen Sherlock make toast disappear so fast.
"Usually? How often has this happened to you?"
"Don't fucking tell me that I'm missing out! I knew what I had! No one —
me kill you, John.”
As the train rocked a little too much and they swayed, suddenly the kiss grew harder, more insistent on asserting itself as something that was permanent and not fleeting, not leaving, just staying. The train rocked again and Sherlock was knocked back against the seat, coming to rest with John sitting over him, the moonlight brushing his fair hair, his weight warmly pressed against him, reminding Sherlock that this man was real and alive and choosing to be with him. There were so many things he needed to know-
"John?" Sherlock tossed the beam aside and it clattered beside Moran's sprawled form. He heard a rustle of movement, footsteps, and he quickly ducked the pistol whip aimed for his head. "Really?" He scoffed at the guard as he blocked the thick punch aimed for his solar plexus. "Have we been resorted to caveman-like tactics?" Sherlock leaned back to avoid the oncoming swipe to his temple and twisted his weight, sending all of his momentum into a harsh blow to the man's jaw, leaving him to collapse, out cold on the concrete. "Apologies for the indecorum." Sherlock sniffed, straightening his jacket back into place.
"Who did you meet at the pub? Was he a soldier as well?"
"I'm...I'm not sure what to do." He says hurriedly, as if he's forcing the words out before he can stop.
“It’s over.” John repeats, bringing his free hand back again to touch Sherlock’s face. The detective leans into the touch.
"You and Holmes got some sort of code now?"
"Yes." He says quietly. "Everything ends."
He swallowed, cutting himself off, unable to continue.
"He's asking for John now."
Sherlock felt his throat welling, pressing in with an unnamed heaviness. His heart hurt, every pulse sending a too-hot electricity thrumming through his blood.
A wolf, a huge fucking wolf that just fucking killed him, just swiped his fucking head off, turns and looks at her.
John shrugged aimlessly, “Witnesses, maybe. Two cars to handle.”
"Revenge is personal; justice is societal."
"Do you miss him?"
“Really?” John asked, turning to look at Sherlock.
"What makes him say that?"
The boat passed under another bridge, the light from the oil lamps fading as they entered the darkness.
But John. John Watson was special. Very special. The
"Oi—" Anderson stops outside the open door, but retreats at Sherlock's stare.
"No, you drew attention to a man in a basement flat with John's name scrambled in his own. You did not tell me where John was."
Mikheia was pacing.
"Yes, well. You made it quite clear how fallible the last one was."
"Christ." Lestrade murmurs, running a hand through his hair. "I'll let the fact that you took evidence pass if you tell me what the other substance was."
Lestrade gives him a look that only long-endured suffering produces.
They push all the tables in the lounge to the walls and move in the big round bed from the master suite to minimise their living space, or rather John moves it and Sherlock watches. John makes a joke about onlookers getting a show, but Sherlock doesn't understand because how could there be someone outside in this weather? John shrugs it off and asks him if he wants tea.
"Mrs. Wilson?"
John tried to keep his eyes open and hold Sherlock's gaze, but it was harder in act than in theory. His heart was glowing metal, a white hot heat hammering away at it.
, really, just a part of him. The part that always hungered, the part that feed into him and off of him, the darkness, the negative lifeforce. He began to tear away bits of napkin with his gloved hands, a gift from Sherlock before he had left. Their kind was particularly sensitive to touch, so insistent coverage was necessary, and Sherlock had chosen a lovely dark shade of soft grey leather, weather-resistant and flexible.
He acted almost before he realized what he was doing, arm raised and aiming, drawn upwards like a magnet. And it was then as he fired that John realized Sherlock had been right
“Sherlock, tell me, I need to know what’s going on.”
“Did you know,” John asked, hand resting over Sherlock’s as he lay his head in his lap, “that there is a planet somewhere in the ether between us and the universe that is absolutely smothered in diamonds?”
John bites back a low moan of pain, or perhaps it’s another laugh. Sherlock can’t tell, he
“Always a first time for everything, you know.” She says, looping her arm around his.
They only need one glance towards Sherlock, flying out of his room with wild hair and wild eyes, to know what’s happened.
John could now count himself among the ranks of the rare few people on the earth who could say they had seen Mycroft Holmes surprised. Yet Mycroft did not prod further. He was curious.
Georgiy nods and refills his glass. “Friend, he make.”
him and everything that he is or hopes to be. After you have your turn, though."
He’d had no idea of John’s whereabouts until the end of the war, when an American army official had placed a call to Whitehall reporting one John H. Watson, of the 5
was what you would say to a friend or loved one if you had erred, but
He's cut off as a sopping wet rag is all but thrown on his face and he drags it off, sputtering.
"A bit." John managed to bite out through gritted teeth. "If you're going to kill me, just do it quickly."
The shadow recedes, and John’s shoulders hunch. His strength seems to curl into himself.
He took his gloves off and washed his hands, careful not to let the feeling overcome him; water was a difficult vehicle for their kind to handle – its particles, its chemicals, all the material it absorbed as it was processed. It could be a strong conveyor, but this particular tap was manageable, ice cold and nearly clear; he’d learned long ago to compress any overwhelming reactions to his sensitive sense of touch.
“The dental records were all we could salvage.”
"No." He shook his head, putting on that innocent face that had saved his life more times than he could count. "Should I?"
Sherlock's answering smile carried the weight of three hundred years of unaltered affection. "You may be an idiot, but you're no dullard."
. What was the use of such
Sherlock stares at him, hard, for a moment, hands steepled in front of him. He stands slowly, takes the step that crosses their whole room, and kneels in front of John.
The other was harder to read. Some people were by nature. Brilliantined hair, stiff and parted at the middle. Freshly shaved. Nails immaculately clean. Only drink he was nursing was a glass of water. No known tells yet, but the night was young. He already managed a respectable share of the pot, but Sherlock still commanded the winnings...
“It’s going closer to the
said—”
John, the paradox. In his life for one week and already he can’t seem to bear to think of living without him.
"One—" John coughed. "One dosage can't form an addiction—"
"You're lucky I added bubble soap." The shapeshifter says without taking her eyes from Sherlock's. He hasn't even looked anywhere else; didn't even want to.
John groaned from under him and Sherlock drew back, blocking the sun from John's face. As John looked up at him with great blue eyes in his great, perfect confused face, Sherlock felt a fantastic and beautiful friction in his heart as it scraped against his flint chest, a beast awakening from its long and terrible hibernation.
. It was softer now, a high-pitched wind that whistled through holes scraped into shredded metal.
Then, with swiftness that he had thought John incapable of, John leaned forward, grabbed the back of his head, and pressed his lips to Sherlock's. John's mouth was warm and dry and alive, and stayed too briefly before he drew away, pausing a moment and staring at Sherlock with a steady, unwavering expression that Sherlock had only seen once before, when John had semtex strapped to his chest, and that he had never wanted to see again.
She throws back her head and laughs.
"Because being in love feels like that sometimes."
"You joined an international agency that sends assassins to dispatch and scourge unfavourable people from the world. That tells me enough."
"Insane...as always."
“Where else is safer but your own home?” Felix responded. “I think we should use poison.”
He's already shrugged a jumper on, looking around for a coat.
Sherlock stared up at him, his cheeks flushed. John liked seeing colour on his face. It was a nice change, one where he could see it rise to Sherlock's cheeks instead of seeing it spill freely over them, unleashed past split skin like at St. Bart's.
Harry pounced. “Yeah! Let’s go see some music, catch a show or something!”
“The only reason there was before is because Mycroft found out.”
Sherlock took a moment, going through his mind to fit these places with their history. Military service had always affected John, no matter what war he was in. It took a great strength to not only enter a battlefield, not only to be surrounded by blood and bullets, the calls of the dying, but to act as a medic, to save the lives of soldiers as they bled out, all the while resisting his own nature to drain them dry himself.
She expected it to get messy. He hopes he isn't conscious when she starts.
” His voice cracks from stress. “You couldn’t send a text or an email or call me or have your bloody fucking brother tell me? Or Molly? Yes, I know about her, Mycroft told me, which is more than I can fucking say for you, you utter posh fucking
“How do you know who I am?” John asks calmly.
How nice it would be, in this moment, to disappear. That’s what he wanted, after all. To not be
"Did you talk about me at all?"
Silently, he stalked over to the main switchboard, punched the buttons, and watched as Sherlock came to stand in the middle of the empty room as the machines began to bang and churn around him in a billowing plume of noise and dust. He looked like a mad scientist among his metal prodigies.
“They could have
“I’ve always liked Morocco…” He said weakly, “but you wouldn’t do well in the desert.”
“That’s the thing, Mikheia. Moran is a man. We don’t need a garage to kill him.”
"I do not think they will let us do that, sir."
“Sherlock—”
"Wronging someone who has wronged me…it is not a very admirable action."
!" Sherlock called, scrambling up from the sand as he ran towards the car.
, lately? Pink like bits of brain in cartoons and pink like the tip of his tongue on the head of your cock—they're the same shade; that's a bit odd, isn't it?—and pink like his smile and your brain's been boiling alive, because you don't want that grin to fade—you'd do
"'My Compliments on Your Intercourse'."
He would know. Gyroscopes were his first love, after all. An object that defies its own nature through interior, self-propelling force was incredible to him as a child. No one had anticipated how long a little cheap stocking stuffer would stay with him. His mother had been pleased. He was always hard to buy for. He’d spent hours trying to balance it on any surface he could find, upsetting a few cats and relatives in the process, but a child does have such a one track mind, and he was a cherubic, curly-haired little boy, so many and most forgave him as often as they forgot him.
"Because you know I would do anything for you and, if death really was a fetish to you, adding in your sexual attraction to me, logically that would mean I would stage my death for you—it would be simulated of course—before we have the hottest shag in the history of hot shags."
Gladstone lowers his head and growls, his fur standing on end.
Sherlock frowned. “What’s made you think something’s happened?” He replied in Russian, his intonation just subtle enough to not draw suspicion.
As his vision cleared, he wished he was asleep again.
“He talked?” Death's double spoke suddenly, and both men’s attentions turned to him.
What did he know of the situation he had just entered?
"You." John teased with a smile.
"Sherlock?" John calls and he pauses. His tone is low and stern. Not promising.
“This wasn’t easy on me either, John—”
He reached down to cup the pooling blood, lifting it to John’s mouth as he stroked his jaw, urging him to let go of his fingers. In times of bodily crisis, their kind became single-minded, consumed by thirst. Their conscious minds took a backseat to biological urges, and as he removed his hand from John’s mouth, he could see it covered in puncture wounds from where his teeth had dug in, searching for sustenance.
"Good. And the um—your ear?"
“If he wakes up,” He yells hoarsely at Lestrade’s silhouette, “keep him away!”
“Why was Molly there?”
He sat on the edge of the bed. John was turned towards the wall, his shoulders slightly curving inwards as he slept.
But I'm not about to expect something more"
“It’s a long story.”
He sighs. What are they going to do with that information, taunt him about his crow’s feet? He’s been past all the hangups on growing older for years. They must already know it anyways, it’s not like he hid it well, or didn’t look his age.
Sherlock had wandered off after they had eaten, his oncoming sulk mediated by Artemisia happening to let word slip of her alchemy lab in the cellar.
Sherlock arches an eyebrow and she elucidates.
"Yes, I know, sir."
Sherlock repeated himself, a little more forcefully.
John smiles a little half-smile, one of childlike fondness.
Narrowing his eyes, John looked at his husband, supine on the couch, ready for an almighty sulk. But there was something else there, something he couldn’t quite see. Something he thought he’d forgotten, but was becoming all too clear that it was still there, just under the surface.
! How's
“We don’t.”
“I can’t tell yet, but I’ll let you know when I find out.”
“I build the house with my wife, as you know. We live there fifty years before she pass. Now that she gone, I go too. There was nothing there any longer but shells. Like a tree who rots from the inside. Nothing, nothing any longer…”
“Sherlock Holmes!”
, that’s what matters, but the fact remains: John has suffered.
“Care for a cuppa?” He asks. “Freshly brewed.”
,” she replies and he can’t repress the grin that emerges. She has a double-identity
John thinks it's hit him right where that first bullet did so many years ago, but further evaluation tells him that it only clipped the underside of his arm, certainly nothing fatal even though it feels like he's burned himself, and he continues his mad swim to the rucksack, flowing away from him in the current. The water is cold and piercing, but not unbearable, and John knows he may very much have hell to pay afterwards as he fights off the cold he's quite likely to get. Water foams and curls around him, a man trapped in the pulse of the river as he chases a cancerous cell through its chilled veins. As his fingers close around a strap he feels that rough texture, knows the rucksack must be from an army surplus store, and the irony that this rucksack could very well have been his one day if he hadn't been shot is not lost on him as he pushes up for air, his lungs burning as much as his arm.
"Because of your 'minor' government position?"
But John is gone.
Hello again,
and it was just
A swatch of green catches his eye and he unbuttons the man's shirt, exposing his chest and the great painted sign underneath sprawling across it. It looks curved like a horseshoe, but at its western end it curves into a circle.
love to play with my food. Then I'll get to your brother. Magnificent, maladjusted Mycroft. He's too proud to cry or scream in front of anyone, even if I was carving my name into where his heart should be. He wouldn't be any fun…" Moriarty's tone was contemplative before it turned accusatory. "What's wrong with you Sherley? Why don't your friends like to play? I'm already disappointed. Maybe I'll leave them for later. But John Watson. Our Doctor...he will be worth the wait."
, Sinclair Lewis
“It’ll be okay, love. She’ll be on her way soon. She never stays long.”
The doors had burst open and she was singled out from the gaggle of nurses at the desk to help with the blood and fluid transfusions to stabilise him after the oxygen tubing had been applied to help ease his breathing. His chest was bare so the wound might be accessed, almost two hands wide and a blood slick, charred whiteness underneath the bits of shirt that had melted to his skin. She knew without consulting with the doctors that skin grafts weren't only necessary but urgent as well.
“Shall we find out?”
"I don't know what you saw, and you don't know what you saw, so it seems we're at an impasse."
"When we get back to my flat," He says monotonously. "We're going to have a very long talk."
He reaches for him and John, hesitant to enter any situation similar to the one they were just in, steps away. He almost hurt Sherlock. He cannot risk that again.
He'd been secular, never religious in the slightest until
His brother smiles, the one with a stilted chill propping it up. “Momentarily, I assure you. This won’t take longer than it has to—”
Her eyebrow arches. “You guessed this?”
Bales of hay have been hastily stacked in a rudimentary seat that a figure is now slumped in, bare chest heaving with laboured breath, with another bending over them. Every so often, there’s a belayed groan of pain and a plink of something hitting porcelain. The figure shudders.
"It doesn't have to end this way."
“I know, my love. I know.” They broke apart, but John kept his hands on Sherlock’s skin, letting their memories wash over them both. “Have you eaten yet?”
The door opened a fraction and a bloodshot eye peeked out, lit from below by the slow glow of the oil lamp.
Moran whistled. "Look who's touchy now. Isn't it odd, John, that we chose the battiest men in the world to dedicate ourselves to? I saw you, that night at the pool where little Carl died. Where Jim's portfolio began. You were ready to die for him. I'm no different from you in that regard."
"No." Lestrade answers carefully. "You looked like hell thawed over."
, and I need to know why. I need to know what he’s thinking. I need to.
He lets his head fall against the wall.
A faint whistle of the oncoming train rang in the distance, settling over the quiet night.
“You drugged me, Irene. He only sees one side.”
John yawns and Sherlock ushers him to his room. He doesn't complain. A good sign.
It's not that he wanted to think that way. But, as Sherlock would say, he'd have to look at the evidence. He'd seen the detective's fall, and a bloodied, broken body and a gravestone were pretty hard to refute.
John sighed, bookmarking his page. He reached into his jacket and pulled out the telegram, wrinkled and worn out from travel.
"I am not so sure about that. You are a visitor to the country and if you are caught in places you do not belong, you will not be treated courteously."
"Maybe I can hang you up there too. Keep you where I can see you."
"I think—" John sighs then brings his eyes to meet Sherlock's. "I think I was meant to look over you. Watch you."
Sherlock considered him blandly for a moment. “You would use John by proxy. I can only assume you would torture him, hold him hostage, use him against others and weaken his sense of self through his own feelings of guilt and self-hatred. I think there’s very little you wouldn’t do if it meant getting my attention.”
"I worked very hard to conceal my identity and it will
"You don't have anything to worry about anymore." Sherlock says and John looks up, hoping to hear a comforting word or too. "What you just described is medically impossible, but in the metaphorical sense that was quite poetic."
I'm not going to question it any other way
"You once told me that you knew who did this to you." Sherlock said quietly. "Tell me he is the man that tortured you. Tell me he is the man that shot Mikheia, turned him against us, and is now making us save his family because he knows that you're a good man, better than me, since you aren't inclined to abandon them like I might've been. Tell me his name, and I swear to you that I will
"How quickly that mind of yours turns green. No, not
“How old are you?”
“That is the word in English, yes? ‘Feeding’?”
“John—”
“Holmes must have had some great pointers, eh?”
“You ask him this?”
"Suit yourself." The voice said quietly, turning away. "You don't have to trust me anymore, but at least let me help you—"
"Tell me, Sherlock Holmes," John says after a moment, his eyes bright. "How can you justify my existence when you don't believe in the forces that brought me here?"
"As what?" Lestrade asks, looking as if he's struggling to keep up with Sherlock's thought process.
Sherlock places a hand on the wall, effectively trapping John between himself and the wall. John looks up at him.
Sherlock said please.
"You're wrong because on another day outside of St. Bart's, I had it given back to me. I had it placed in my arms and you know what? I'm never going to let it go, not even if someone has to pry it out of my cold, dead, hands. Because I'll die clutching at it if it's the last thing I do."
every night, in the worst ways, and I did it for you. I gave up my life, I gave up our home and our life, I gave up
John sighed. “That’s not what I’m asking you, Sherlock. Don’t hold this against me to make me stay.”
"It's a funny place we're in." Sherlock said, looking around at the swaying trees and leering mountains in the distance.
Sherlock exhales heavily through his nose as he stares into that dark gaze.
Moran grinned.
" He heard himself saying, as if from far away. "Let's get him to the car, we can—we can—"
“They...exist?”
“Help me.” Sherlock whispers then realises Mycroft and Lestrade are farther away than he thought. “
“Ask me, love.”
Sherlock's eyes flit to the back of Lestrade's head. What game is he starting?
presence for, and it ended in the one event that he knew would break him entirely.
yours to have!" He snarls, willing himself to keep his ground as the wolves begin to stalk forward.
Mycroft hummed, leaning in to peer into the wound, drawn open carefully. It looked, to him, as if it were healing, slowly but surely; a good sign. He washed the scalpel once more to ensure that even the smallest splinter of wood was removed before crouching to look at a different angle.
“You saved me…for the hundredth time. I’m supposed to protect you, Sherlock, that’s what I’m here to do—”
Eventually, his tricks became expected. He failed with increasing frequency to draw Sherlock from his moods, and they became blacker. The windows began to frost in the morning, and by the first snow John was walking alone, feeding alone, and sleeping alone, with few exceptions.
Sherlock swallowed. John couldn’t see his eyes through his sunglasses but he knew he had closed them.  “John, it’s not –”
“John, no—he can’t have me, I’m not—he isn’t
“If indeed it was a demonic force behind John’s attack, and if it was Azazel who, I might add, is one of the most powerful demons of his realm, then my best interpretation is that he wanted John gone from this particular realm and so he banished him back to his own in order to do so. John was, to put it bluntly, in his way.”
It seemed that people could come back from the dead now.
“No, I was trying to protect
John nodded, refolding the letter and putting it back into his pocket. “I thought it…might be better for you, if I wasn’t around.”
He hears Lestrade chastise him, but he can’t stop, like a car whose breaks have been cut. He moves on to the next desk, his blood roaring for something he can’t have, for something he might never have, and he sends a desktop computer to the ground in a burst of sparks and loose wires.
and there's nothing worse
"Well, a fasciotomy isn't exactly the easiest thing to do, Sherlock. They're used to relieve pressure from an inflamed area, and you have to be sure you're removing the right amount and area or there will be nerve or muscle damage. It's not something you just
"Oh, will you stop
"Tell me the name."
was better than this. He'd certainly chastised Sherlock for less.
"No," Sherlock admits, "But it might the rest of London. We don't get angels much here."
"He won't have a choice." Sherlock said, letting his tongue run over a mark on John's side. "He'll see me blissfully shagged out, a state he's never had the chance to see me in, and I rather think he'll collapse to his knees in front of you and cry from relief."
“I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” He decided then, because he had nothing more to say. “I am…grateful that you came here. I wanted you to. Not like this,” he added at John’s sudden frown of consternation, “but I want you here with me, always, John. Always. I am sorry I ever made you feel any differently.  I’ve suffered, and I’ve made us suffer, I hope not irreparably.”
John smiles then and it is too sad for Sherlock’s liking. It’s the smile of a martyr before they’re put to death.
"What are you so afraid of that we can't leave the flat?"
John can’t answer, the sound is lodged in his throat, dry and tightening. Fear bangs around in his bones, trickling through the marrow and seeping in like cold water.
“Not quite, to tell you the truth. My… ego has been battered tonight and while it’s nothing major, it’s going to take quite a bit of time to patch it up.”
The flush which has slightly abated came back in full force. John licked his lips nervously before whispering
Maybe I was afraid you would see me for what I really am. Demobed soldier, clumsy writer, (“
He was so far gone in his admiration that he barely registered Mycroft-illusion speech until he saw it stepping back.
Murderous ideas were already invading her mind, all directed at Sherlock’s “date”. She would kill him with her bare hands, she decided. Adrenalin was pulsing through her veins, creating this buzz of energy just begging to be released. Joan has already experienced this feeling when she was in the army, getting ready for an offensive.
As long as he didn’t let their resentment affect him in any way, Sherlock knew he would be fine. He has learned his lesson, after all.
As far as I know, the Islington CG does not exist - I've been inspired by Culpeper CG which is very much real and looks like a lovely project!
Or has someone made a mistake, getting the wrong mailbox? (How did he explain then the carving of his initials?)
“I would never shame you for anything, Molly. You have to know that.”
Was he the only one who remembered the joyful chaos of this room, the lovely racket emanating from this flat?
As for the rest... Remember, it'll be very unproductive now to kill the writer :)
Heart jumping into triple time at this idea, he emptied his cup of tea in one gulp before rushing into the bathroom.
“I’m going to deal with it. Get over it. And…”
Feelings can be so ugly.
A lanky 27-year-old man, who has ditched uni in his first year and discovered drugs shortly afterwards.
“… how I knew you were in the army, I heard you the first time. Let’s begin with your tanned face or the way you are standing up straight, hands behind your back, an obvious military habit…”
Joan felt a vicious thrill of pleasure at these words.
John abruptly stopped to spread butter on his toast as he was reminded of the young man’s warning the night before.
And then, tonight, everything changed.
Of the very promise I’ve made after we hugged (again), breaking the silence of what was once again our flat.
Of course, there were rumours and of course, they mostly talked about a torrid, behind-closed-doors affair going on between both of them.
Joan didn’t even recognize her voice when she said “Come here. Please.”
“That wasn’t very nice, Mister Barman…”
New chime.
And what’s even worse, a part of him clearly relished that fact.
Smut in two parts is the best kind, don't you think? :)
. Sherlock hadn’t slept a jot but he wasn’t tired. Quite the reverse, in fact – he was feeling determined and fortified after his last night’s decision. He looked one last time at the silent pub before pulling out a small, white envelope out of his pocket. Ross’ name was written on the front – somehow, Sherlock couldn’t bear the thought of disappearing again without telling
He screamed while warm gushes of semen were spurting from his cock, spattering the wall.
He didn’t expect any answer, his fingers swiftly sliding under John’s pants.
During the first round of speed-dating, she has very closely observed the male participants, examining their body language, listening to their speech, watching over their shoulder to read what they each have written on their slips of paper.
“Don’t be daft, young man! It’s about the Islington Community Garden.”
Joan gulped, nausea suddenly brewing in her stomach.
In this case, however, Sherlock didn’t get to complain much about it. He directly went to the most recent messages and frowned when he saw Greg’s name appearing on the screen. Not that he didn’t expect it – John didn’t have so many friends he would have called when he was abroad. The DI and him were more than just mates conveniently meeting at the pub for weekly nights, he knew as much. What he didn’t know, however, was why Lestrade has texted John “You owe me way more than a round of pints, you know!”.
A Sherlock who was completely different from the pic he has seen on his website as day was from the night. The posh, reserved young man has completely disappeared, leaving in its stead a creature which was enchanting as it was imposing. Someone who seemed completely at ease here, dancing in an unrestrained way, like he was completely alone on the dancefloor. Someone who was also half-naked.
His cheeks burning with humiliation, Mycroft heard himself replying in the blandest voice he could muster.
Forgetting it, throwing it into the flames and trying to go back to his everyday life was not an option.
[And I wouldn’t have it any other way. SH]
He could take it.
He was so lost in his admiration that he nearly missed Mycroft’s words when he said
He wanted to kiss that smile.
“Lestrade is not a lady. Do keep up, John.”
“I got my hands on some hush-hush documents,” Greg whispered. “A killing spree recently occurred in Eastern Europe, clearly aimed at several unsavoury contacts that we suspected before of being in Moriarty’s debt. It abruptly stopped two months ago in Byelorussia. As far as I know, no one was arrested.”
“Hush, let me finish. I was saying it might be the opportunity to sort yourself out.” Greg’s tone lost its teasing quality. “You know, prepare the ground, make him notice you’ve stopped dating and give him a subtle hint…”
“Are you channelling your inner Sherlock right now?”
He raised his head, pausing in his struggle to uproot an old stump of lilac tree – who knew it could resist so valiantly against all attempts to dislodge it? He panted for breath, wiping the sweat off his brow with his handkerchief. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Meriem, a sweet, middle-aged woman, hurrying toward him.
Poshy was already walking past Ross, obviously considering the matter settled once and for all, when the owner suddenly put his big, rough-looking hand on the handle of the umbrella the other was carrying with him. John nearly laughed when he saw Poshy’s absolutely dismayed look at what he surely considered as an unforgivable crime.
A fierce blush bloomed across John’s cheeks. To think that until today, he has never been interested in public sex. And now he has almost been caught red-handed.
“Oh,” John let out, not sure at all how he felt with all this. On one side, he was glad that Harry seemed to settle down, having obviously found someone who made her happy. On the other side… The thought that he could come across her in the street, whether alone or with his friends, left him reeling.
Then he took Sherlock’s large hand, raising it up to his lips, kissing the knuckles one by one.
“Hope for your sake Lestrade isn’t the type to bear a grudge.”
He glanced again at the corridor in which Sherlock has disappeared a few minutes ago. When Sherlock has been drawn away from him thanks to his associate, his first impulse has been to follow him. Every instinct John has ever developed, when he finally stood up for himself during an umpteenth clash with his father or when he decided to enlist in the army, was screaming at him not to let Sherlock out of his sight.
“Stop blaming yourself. You did the right thing. If you haven’t seen this man trying to drug her…” She nodded at the young woman a few feet from them. She was complaining of dizziness and nausea, but in the end, she would be all right. A nurse, who was fortunately taking part in the Dating Game, has volunteered to take care of her while they were waiting for the emergency services to appear.
His mate glanced out the window, traveling over the scaled horizon of rooftops and chimneys, towards the rim of water lightening at the edges. “Neither of us seem to be listening to each other. Perhaps that was – is – our problem; not paying enough attention.”
Odd. This place was certainly aesthetically pleasing enough for a photograph. Maybe the shot wasn't as good on the balcony as elsewhere in the church.
John grunted, flinching inwardly against the sinking, squirming mass that writhed underneath his skin. It was a feeling unlike anything he’d ever felt before, something dark and evil burrowing its way through his body, and he knew he was helpless to stop it. Moriarty took advantage of the moment and brought both arms together, elbowing John in the sternum, the force of the impact shoving him backwards.
"I'm sorry?"
Sherlock crosses his arms and John is reminded of a child before a strop. “Explain.”
Sherlock stops for the barest moment, but John catches it.
“Don’t be like that.” Sherlock chided.
"You weren't?"
"Well," Sherlock began, "This one, wrapping itself around the subscapularis anterior shoulder, was the first, was it not?"
“Then what is the problem, I am wondering? I think the rakija has gone to your brain…” Mikheia reaches forward and snatches the water from out of John’s hands. “You are needing more of this, perhaps. You dry-brained loon.”
John—or presumably Mrs Hudson—had cleaned away all of his things, yet the skull had stayed. Why?
It was a simple thing, the box. Pinewood, engraved with his initials. J.H.W. A box for souvenirs, for things of personal importance. Something he'd wanted Sherlock to have.
A tremor ran through Sherlock’s lip. “Nothing is worth anything if you aren’t there with me to share it.”
Blood coarses through their veins, pooling in their wild limbs and sparking against deep bone. The feeling is unparalleled. There is nothing quite like it, nothing quite like banging your shin against a skip as you barrel out of a filthy alley, nothing
"You know I've seen all kinds in here. Murderers, arsonists, street punks that thought they were tough. Never seen a coward though. Never seen a gun-for-hire that thought he was grade-A beef when he was really just leftovers. Well, until today that is. Moriarty could have had Sherlock, and when he didn't get what he wanted, he settled for you." Lestrade shrugs. "Can't blame him, really. There's not much competition."
The door swished shut. Left him with the sunlight shining through gabled windows. Left him with his thoughts and silence.
"There will never be a day when I won't want to be." John says quietly before stepping away and grabbing his coat.
The phrase
Sherlock's frown deepened. A kitchen servant handed John a brown bottle, and he knew his questions would have to wait.
Sherlock waves his hand in departure as he leaves.
"The phrase is 'drunk as a skunk', and I'll thank you not to compare me to either mammal again."
They sit for a moment in silence and John thinks that, in another life, in a normal one where he'd never known the name Sherlock Holmes, Mary might have been the girl he dreamed of at night and woke up to in the morning.
In the dark, he remembers Victor Hatherley, a man who’d come into the clinic with a missing thumb and a shockingly calm disposition. He said he was an engineer, called out to Eyford to look at a malfunctioning hydraulic press that was so large it constituted a whole room on its own. He was in the middle of examining the machine, too caught up in trying to figure out the problem to notice that it had been turned on. Trapped, stuck with no way out, his only option was choosing his means of death: lying on his stomach so his spine would be crushed or on his back, staring up at the descending piston that was growing larger as it laid itself down to crush him. He escaped of course, at the price of a sliced off thumb, but John can’t shake the feeling that, here in the dark, he must choose how to face his own death.
Fog rolls through the streets of Bern, carpeting the air with a thick dampness, blotting out the streetlights into faint watery, radiating globes. High above the city, the mountains blurs in a slow erasure as the sun sets and the mists begin to fold themselves over the horizon.
Sherlock left the statement in the air and, in a rare occurrence, he did not know what to make of it.
Definitely
The last picture was different, though. It was an old picture; he had always hated having pictures taken, even when  he was younger, but he had made an exception in that instance.
“Oh, honey – it’s a bit too late for that.” She said.
“I am.” Sherlock said, “This does not mean I
There was more, though. Mycroft was hiding something – and John – John hadn’t even looked at the video – not really. He had stood close to him, and Sherlock supposed that he should be the one trying to comfort John, trying to be close to him, to reassure him – wasn’t that what partners were supposed to do?
“No, not as such.” Mycroft said and John wasn’t relieved by the men’s words, because those people wouldn’t have sent those pictures with that apple if not to try and fuck with Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled for a moment, but his smile faded when he said, “What did he say?”
“Are you asking me?” He said.
He had no choice but taking the first step and then the second and a third, as he looked around. The last time he had been in that room John had been with him, Lestrade had been there as well. He had – vastly underestimated what his reaction would be. He was alone, now, feeling more himself than he had in a very long time.
“On your knees, hands behind your head, " Mary said.
“I know
“Victor...” He trailed, he hadn’t asked most of the questions he would normally ask a witness, he couldn’t tell him about what was going on because Victor would require answers that he couldn’t give him yet,  but there was something he needed to know. “Who knew about our relationship? Did you talk about it to someone?” He asked.
And John was still looking at him, he was sincere, like the man he had met who couldn’t hide his amazement at his deductions, his frustration and fondness and he had missed him.
It was the first time in months that he had mentioned, even obliquely, Mary – he never did at home. Home was theirs and theirs alone: it didn’t belong to the past, to the mistakes they both had made and the games that had been played.
Mr. Neal was right: killing people was easy, every schmuck could do that, and the satisfaction could be indeed short lived.
on the scene; oh, no – he had breezed in: tall, lean, pale, a mop of dark curls that had made him look even younger than he had been at the time, a cigarette dangling between his long fingers, high as a bloody kite and impossibly arrogant.
(and he didn't even care that Mycroft would probably listen to their words; on the contrary!  He wanted Mycroft  to bear witness of that miracle, of John Watson looking at him the same way he had seen William and Joan look at each other right outside that room in that warehouse: with love, devotion, wonder.)
He looked at Sherlock, he was surrounded by Mycroft’s men and the elder brother was talking to him. He was safe, for now.
They had kissed for the first time in that flat and there had been other kisses after that: passion like fire, all consuming, between them. There had been urgency, he had kissed John because being in Herman Bennett's house, in the basement, in his bedroom, had made him feel like he was drowning in a sea of thick, bitter molasses...but when Sherlock brushed his lips against John's, in that room, that night, it felt different. It was different.
What had he done?
He didn’t care, and part of him hated how selfish it made him feel, but he needed to see Sherlock. He needed to know that he was alright, that he hadn’t put his body through too much stress (he was probably running a fever, walking a few meters too much had been hell on him just 24 hours before. He was probably dehydrated, and his scars were still fresh and he felt like he would go crazy any minute, now.).
“I’m sorry –“ He said.
He had been irrational while searching the house with John – but that, too, had come later.
John nodded, choosing to ignore, for the moment, how much Sherlock must be in pain to actually ask for his help. Sherlock was cold: the chilly basement and the blood loss were making his skin icy cold to the touch. He blinked his eyes when he noticed that Sherlock’s back was bleeding, so much that it was dampening the orange blanket.
That last word – that wasn’t for him. Even the dumbest, densest criminal would know that he would choose John, he would always choose John over everything and everyone, including his daughter.
He felt –
He didn’t move. He couldn’t. He could only hear Sherlock trying to muffle sobs against his palms, and he was afraid of doing anything that might upset the man.
It wasn't even enough that there was Sherlock's name carved all over an innocent woman's body, whose only fault was – what? To be a doctor? To be blonde? To be in love with her fiancé? Or was there something else? Something they hadn’t discovered, yet?
Every person he had met, every person he had cared for – his
“That’s not why I am here,” John said.
He ran a hand through his hair, oblivious of his surroundings.
thing her mind had focused on was what she would do to Sherlock Holmes when she finally got him.
“John –“ Sherlock trailed.
John sighed and said, “He offered himself up as a hostage instead of Alyce Bradford and Herman Bennett accepted.”
He had started from the bottom up: getting rid of small fishes, petty criminals, and those three idiots were the missing link.
"She didn't say a word about
"Yes?" Sherlock asked calmly, cocking an eyebrow at his words.
power over him, that he could dare to talk to John, he could
It didn’t matter. He repeated to himself.
He was not, in any way, surprised by Drake’s words. That was where their lead absolutely went cold. That was – where John had been kept for hours. They had called for backup, the operatives were all dealing with the white van, but Drake and he were to inspect the house.
. She had hid that part of  her, and he had never asked Sherlock whether she had smiled before shooting him – come to think of it, he had never asked a bloody thing about that night. Sherlock had asked him to trust him and he had, no questions asked.
And Sherlock didn't have it in him to be annoyed at Mycroft and his overbearing presence or his growing paranoia. Not that time, not until he was completely healed (and it was frustrating to be still so weak, to be sometimes clumsy,
He curbed those thoughts away. His efforts to keep  focused were proving to be far more difficult than he had anticipated. He had done good in the immediate aftermath of what had happened at Baker Street. He had honestly thought that he would not be distracted by sentiment. He had put an effort into it, but those thoughts kept invading his mind, kept making him weak and useless.
John and he were
He took the first pill, he swallowed it without water, it was bitter and he just wanted it to be over. He waited.
He learned that day that he wasn’t.
John. It was John’s voice. It was not the rain, it was tearing through the focus he had put on it: noise, texture, consistency. John – always and forever the center of his life. He had always prided himself on the control he had on his body, how his brain overruled everything else: transport, heart, emotions.
He had looked around first, when he had got into the bathroom, trying to spot changes, things out of place, since Mary had used the loo that morning. It has been an exercise in futility, but that hadn't stopped his mind from observing every detail of the room, leaving the mirror for last.
She would miss her.
His duty, no his
“John – “Sherlock said, “don’t move. It’s almost over.”
He didn’t ask how he could be sure. He had been a copper for a long time and he had also seen the video footage of what had happened the previous night to Mary and her protection detail. He was right.
"And I had asked you to keep an eye on him. Yet Mary slipped through the cracks." Sherlock said, deflecting.
Sherlock made a show of rolling his eyes in annoyance at his question, and he was not a genius, but he had known Sherlock long enough to understand that it was just that: a show.
Sherlock looked around, “Do you think they will notice if we leave?” he said.
He saw the answer in the man's eyes, the spark of lust and smug satisfaction and Mycroft's smile became almost saccharine when he said, "Welcome to the other side!"
He hazarded a look at Drake, who had been listening, without intervening, ever since the beginning, and he remembered the look on his face when he had mentioned Mexico – and what he had inferred from the man’s words. Sherlock had done something unprecedented, true – but it had come with a price, apparently.
“It’s my daughter, Sherlock!” John said.
“I accepted that I couldn’t bring my sister back or save her a long time ago. My job is helping the
telling.
He exchanged a glance with one of the operatives and with Detective Inspector Lestrade and clearly heard the latter mumbling something about being tired of fucking basements.
He had never seen him
Fine was
The noise stopped, abruptly and he was shaking, his heart beating hard and fast in chest and he nodded at Mary’s words.
Sherlock turned toward the woman. Molly was clearly scared, he could see the thin veil of perspiration on her forehead, how she was swallowing and twisting her hands, but she was also resolute.
The mole started to understand only when Sherlock shot the driver, once they were at the appointed rendez vouz point.
“I’m sorry.” Mycroft had said, “There are things even I cannot circumnavigate, brother mine.”
"Sherlock," John said bringing him back to the present, “I think you need to see this."
“And you?” Mary asked, “when was the last time you slept? You barely slept the night this case started.”
“I don’t know, mate.” Greg said, and he sounded almost apologetic.
of all people!)
stupid.
He had tried to protect him. He had tried to shield him because unlike him Mycroft didn’t remember ever being innocent, ever believing in fairy tales and dragons and dramatic things like his brother did.
He had said those words before. The day after the bonfire, while watching the video of the tube carriages and Lord Moran getting into one of them.
They had an address, at last - and it was the same one Anthea gave him, moments later: the result of combined efforts of the British secret services, a Scotland Yard detective inspector and the clue Mary Morstan had given them before her fake execution.
“We will try and save the baby, of course,”  Sherlock said. John nodded. What else could he do? Mycroft had left hours earlier, things were surely already in motion, but part of him wanted to –
He hadn’t asked any questions about Victor on the remainder of their drive home, despite Sherlock’s opening – and the fact itself that the man had been willing to answer  his questions was something John couldn’t really stop and dwell on. Sherlock had said that he wouldn’t play by those people’s rules, but he had no idea what it meant because Sherlock had not volunteered any more information.
“It was familiar.” David continued.
“I can’t.” Sherlock replied. He was surprised by how words were coming out of his mouth, since talking to his brother was the very last thing he wanted.
“Does he care about saving Joan? At all? Because this looks – personal for him.” William said.
His world was a wasteland – a shell of what it used to be, what he had missed while being away from London, but at its center John was still there, still standing: tired, frayed around the edges: the best man he had ever met, a liar, his best friend, a pawn and puppet master at the same time.
“Do we have a plan?” He asked, ignoring what Sherlock had just said.
Heart jumping in his chest, John stared at the text which has appeared five minutes ago on his mobile screen. In the few hours after he has sent the text to Sherlock, desperately waiting for an answer while trying to convince himself that of course he wasn’t looking every minute at his phone, he has managed to convince himself that his text has come across as way too cheeky to deserve an answer.
John gasped – a sound which was sure to be drowned in the low, pulsing music. However, he could have sworn Sherlock has heard it, considering how his pupils seemed to dilate. Sherlock opened his mouth and John took fright of what he could say.
You lost yourself. You played fast and loose – a madman on the brink.
Until the flat’s door opened and, thanks to the light flooding the landing, she could see Sherlock’s face.
John’s mind was so lust-fogged it took him a shamefully long moment and Sherlock smirking at him to understand what has just been said. The intimate moment they had just shared disappeared as he stared at his friend in astonishment.
“Really?” he dubiously said.
“John? What are you doing?”
“Anything I can get you, gentlemen?”
Silence engulfs them both until Greg breaks it.
“Yeah, I spoke to her occasionally. Nothing too intimate or serious, mind you. Just superficial chitchat – how are you and Dad, how is it going at your job, is your boss still the same old bastard… That kind of things.”
John felt consumed with want. The need to touch Sherlock and to be touched by him. He wanted
At first glance, John thought that a war has been waged inside against an invisible enemy. It was completely messy – the floor littered with crumpled papers and wrinkled clothes, dust laying thick on empty shelves and window sills, windows grimy with fingerprints and London’s pollution.
“Keep your voice down, brother,” he sharply retorted, “I do not fancy becoming deaf in one ear because of you…”
And John has complied, even as burning questions were buzzing through his mind.
“It was all lies, wasn’t it? I bet you don’t even have a pet!”
“Wait.”
I won’t ask for anything you won’t be willing to give me, I swear. Let me just…
The end, folks!
“Lestrade, who are you talking about?”
She expected that answer, but God… It hurt.
You didn’t dare to hope.
She was gripping the armrests with such strength her knuckles turned white.
It was enough for her to be taken in, pulled into a web from which she couldn’t be released.
“Like it’s worth it,” he whispered. “Everything you’ve just said… all worth it.”
The way he said “deduce” left John bereft of speech.
“Meet me at the bar. Now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
He looked up at his flat’s ceiling, as if, by some kind of miracle, some divine inspiration could come to him.
He remained silent for a while, strangled sounds coming from his mouth, before giving up. A smile so sharp it was painful to watch bloomed on his lips.
Truth was, during an all too brief moment, he has enjoyed finding back the simple joys of his childhood, when everything has seemed so easy. Of course, it hasn’t been, Sherlock being reminded all too well of the many obligations, social or otherwise, which has made him sigh with despair and dragging his feet, when he hasn’t indulged in a familiar sulking session.
She looked at him beseechingly and John suddenly had a very bad feeling.
“How?” John asked, truly mystified.
You were left speechless, your whole body trembling with apprehension and fear – Mary’s ghost rising from its ashes, all your past mistakes coming back to haunt you, oh Sherlock, what have you done?
“If you can’t talk to me now like you said, why did call you me twice, then?”
And ignoring Sherlock’s cry of outrage, he rang off.
“Hum… Sorry, I didn’t mean…”
His obstinate streak – the same one which used to drive Harry mad when they were still living under the parents’ roof – pushed him more and more into Sherlock’s world, like a moon revolving around a planet, getting caught in his gravitational field.
“It’s complicated,” he has mumbled. “You wouldn’t understand.”
Wait.
He sprinted up the stairs, ignoring the pain in his right left, having only eyes for the tall man who was so effortlessly edging his way through the flow of commuters.
Had he not been warned by Greg earlier? After all, he has said that a large part of the criminal network put together by Moriarty, come under his yoke, has gathered in London.
Despite her resolve to remain as tight-lipped as Sherlock about her “date”, Joan couldn’t help but say “He has really done a number on you.”
” in front of a DI I’ve just met, for the only reason you were jealous!”
He grabbed the front of Sherlock’s shirt, drawing him closer until there was no space left between them. He stood on his toes, whispering in his date’s ear “Now
Jane was rendered speechless before letting out a cry of rage and striding away. Ignoring the stunned silence his reply has created, Will turned to Mike.
He suddenly broke off. He has been about to say “the night when Lestrade had to arrest me in Montrose club.”
Harry was also screaming, pointing an accusing finger at him.
They both fall down to the ground, Sherlock’s body cushioning John’s fall. He is naked sitting on his friend’s lap and he doesn’t give a damn about it. In the dark everything seems so easy. So intense. Like Sherlock’s deep breaths, ruffling John’s hair; His chest rising and falling under John’s cheek; His warmth seeping in John’s chilly skin.
And the plot thickens :)
To say that John was nervous when walking in the Tesco was a bloody understatement. As soon as he has received Sherlock’s second message, coming on the heels of the first one, he barely refrained himself from running to the shop mentioned. However, the instructions were clear.
“Fuck off, Watson,” Greg automatically growled. “It’s the pot calling the kettle black.”
Sherlock heard the raw need fuelling his own and he would have caved in, pouncing on his prey before devouring him whole as he so often dreamed of it, if a French voice wasn’t heard at this moment through the ceiling, bringing him back to reality and to the reason they were both here.
It was even working astonishingly well, pressing all John’s buttons until they become flashing green lights, displaying the same message over and over again “GEORGEOUS HOTTIE COMING YOUR WAY”.
“Do you want a bit more time to decide, Sir?” the girl asked, her bland voice making him cringe. “I’m afraid I won’t be able to give you more than half an hour though,” she adds, looking up at the clock above her desk. “We’ve got so many last-minute requests, you understand…”
If he expected Sherlock to put him down, he was very much mistaken, as he found himself back against the hard wood. But it didn’t matter, as his companion was rutting against him in the most delicious way, his hard cock tantalisingly nudging his balls.
I think you've waited long enough :)
A soft “Oh!” made him carefully glance up.
A little bunch of blue flowers was sticking out from Mrs Hudson’s mailbox.
“And now,” Sherlock whispered, possessively stroking John’s thighs and behind, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, “let’s go upstairs.”
Yes, Irene thought. That’s the plan.
However, he has barely gone outside that he heard
Anthea chuckled, checking in one swift glance that the very full agenda of this day has indeed been dealt with.
Or not.
It didn’t stop his heart from racing when the stranger stopped in front of Mrs Hudson’s mailbox. He pulled something free from his hoodie’s pocket, slipping it into the mailbox. John took a step forward… and felt something creaking under his sole.
Greg let out a mirthless snort before smoothing out his expression.
Ignoring the bemused glance John sent his way, he carried on
“Not really, but I get by. Once you know French, it’s easy to…”
A homecoming he could nearly feel on his lips, his desire, his need for it vibrating in every bone of his, rising in his blood.
“Who are you working for? Tell me!”
She turned her head away, resuming her examination of the room, which was getting more and more crowded. According to reliable information, their harasser was to be found among the
He leaned forwards, his eyes never leaving John’s, noticing every small change in his gaze and finding nothing which would make him pull back. The moment seemed to stretch out for ever. John’s breath wafted over his face and Sherlock shivered, anticipating what was going – what was bound – to happen, already savouring…
He knew very well which dance she was talking about.
Irene’s phone pinged again.
“Molly?”
“Gosh, you both are impossible. I quit.”
John frowned.
Greg didn’t reply immediately, emptying his glass in two gulps before putting it down on the table.
Joan whimpered in her lover’s mouth.
She couldn’t believe what she has just heard.
“I don’t want to hear you! Go away, Mycroft!”
It seemed his sister was right, as he caught Mycroft eyeing him up and down before hastily turning away. Greg concealed a smile on his own, enjoying the opportunity to brush against the perfectly-dressed vision on the pretext of reaching out for the cupboard where the plates were stored.
“You won’t.”
“Provided you would remember it come morning…”
He was expecting Sherlock to answer him something flirty or downright filthy – when motivated, Sherlock could use every weapon in his arsenal of seduction.
“Sherlock, I…” He licked his lips. “I need to…”
Was he so lonely that he was trying to hook someone’s interest this way?
They will talk – of course, they will – but for the moment, John let himself enjoy this moment, this intimate bubble enclosing them both and only them.
“Oh hush, let me speak! I know it’s not real, okay? I mean…” Greg released Mycroft’s arm but he didn’t seem to have noticed, standing still. “Can you just imagine someone like him coming to my home and… standing there?”
Of course, he has forgotten he was sometimes living with a true demon.
The soft voice, which has befuddled his mind and roused long-buried desires, was back and Sherlock felt himself powerless against its power.
He was so lost in his thoughts he didn’t notice right away Greg has stopped snoring.
Irene nearly purred with pleasure.
Sherlock took a step forward, taking care not to spook John. But he had to get closer, he couldn’t stay away, not with all he knew right now.
But you don’t dare waking him up.
“Kindly fuck off,” he muttered under his breath.
Even Sherlock’s smile didn’t take the sting out of her words. Joan turned her head away, trying to conceal the embarrassed flush across her face.
— Apologies, det…Gregory, Mycroft replied with a pained quirk of his mouth which couldn’t really pass for a smile. It has been a long day and… I wasn’t expecting your visit, he added, throwing a dark look at the door Anthea has gone through a moment ago.
Relief washed over John so strongly he was almost surprised by this intensity – has he never realized how worried he has been over Sherlock?
For the moment, however, it was still here.
It was a whisper as enticing as the hand which softly grazed his. John looked up.
A neat little mystery to distract him before going to bed.
John startles, before his reflexes kick in, adrenaline flooding his blood. No one will catch him unawares in his bloody bath and…
“Fuck!” he cried out before standing up and snatching the phone left on the table.
However, as time went on and John’s life got even enmeshed in Sherlock’s until he wasn’t sure any more if he got really a life on his own or if he was just here to answer Sherlock’s call, following blindly into their next adventure, he realized Greg has not been way off the mark.
"Listen, I know I've been a coward. I acted like a dick, truly. I've ignored you, I've played with you and... I'm not proud of what I've done. Truth was... I didn't want to admit what I was. What I am."
“You will ask Molly out.”
They remain frozen in the space of a heartbeat.
“Sher…”
A bloody love letter.
That one made John smile, unlike the one received the day before – [I know everyone around me is an idiot, but Anderson really takes the cake! SH].
A sharp trill of his mobile brought him back to reality. He pulled the phone out of his pocket, the message icon flashing on the screen. Sherlock groaned. He already knew what it was about or from whom it came. At least, he thought not without some irony, he hasn’t lost completely his deduction capacities as far as John wasn’t concerned.
“Who told you that?” John finally succeeded in whispering.
Sherlock must have glimpsed this surrender in his eyes, because his smile got wider, making him look younger, more innocent.
“I would rather be sweet to you.”
He could hear the smile in Lestrade’s voice.
After all, if you were unable to feign, whether it be discomfort or happiness, you could kiss your political ambitions goodbye.
“Oh, do stop with the puppy eyes!” Ross mutters, checking at a glance that nobody around the bar needed him. He started giving the counter an unnecessary wipe. John didn’t dare moving a muscle, hanging on Ross’ words.
He was even more taken aback when he heard “Later” whispered to him before John pulled back, turning to their very amused hostess.
“Besides,” John mused, stealing a look at his target, “he’s way out of my league.”
“You…mad…bastard!” he cried out, jacking off in time with Sherlock’s caresses.
He groaned, arousal flaring in his veins.
Incoherent sounds were coming out of her open mouth while she felt Sherlock lifting up her night shirt.
He took a moment to collect his thoughts before fishing his mobile from his pocket. He was going to have a bill shock when he received his monthly invoice, John thought with wry amusement, as he was speed-dialling Greg’s number.
For the time being, she had other concerns – starting with the woman next to her.
He knew however he has not imagined the chemistry between Sherlock and him. And above everything – this connection, this feeling of understanding someone and being understood.
Former Soldier shuffled his feet, sending coy glances Sherlock’s way.
“John!” Sherlock panted, going down in his knees. Without wasting any time, he searched the man’s pockets, ignoring his protests – “Get your hands off me!”. He suddenly pulled something with a “ha!” of satisfaction.
“But you know it, right?” John insisted.
has instead decided to full steam ahead in the tackiest, schmaltziest, downright sickening Valentine theme. Sherlock felt heartily sorry for the persons taking part in that absurd dating game – which was nothing more than an elaborate speed-dating evening session with some extras. He has felt even more sorry – if such a thing was possible – since he has been informed of the exorbitant price the poor sods had to pay.
“Okay, then… I’m sorry if it’s a bit blunt, but why did you come here last night? Not that I’m not happy to see you here, mind you, but I got the impression earlier I wasn’t really welcome anymore…”
Irene gritted her teeth. She would put this piece of shit under lock and key – with or without Sherlock.
And of course, she had me, Mycroft thought with some – well-deserved in his opinion – smugness; After all, he had been the first to recognize, in this young woman whose upbringing was so different than his, the same qualities he had long ago acknowledged for himself during his university days.
This particular thorn has finally turned into something softer. Smoother. Something I can live with, something I can be proud of. A glow which refuses to be dimmed even when I relapse, hating myself for all the things I’ve done. A warmth kindled by your smile, this newfound gentleness I find so addictive and of which I just can’t get enough.
Trying to bury them as deep as she could, persuading herself that Sherlock’s friendship was enough.
“And you expect to pick him out in this crowd just by looking at him?”
Sherlock was doubting himself, getting lost in endless deductions about his friend without obtaining a clear answer.
It hurt so much.
He took a deep breath, feeling the well-being induced by alcohol leaving his system. Gosh, he’d really need a drink when the illusion had vanished.
He closed his eyes, doing his best to shut up the flow of self-recrimination inside his head.
“Certainly. To sum it up, he claimed to have found this so far unknown portrait and to have put inside the box. He also said that if you (he glanced at Mrs Dubusson) didn’t manage to open it at the latest on December 31
A sidekick without any hero to lead him into battle.
Fortunately for them, the break was still in full swing and therefore nobody noticed the two women slipping into an empty room, at the back of the building. Irene has barely closed the door behind them that Molly launched into a flow of stuttering apologies
John suddenly pictured the three of them around a table – the sweet Mrs Hudson with a tray in her hands, a mangy cat meowing around her ankles and finally, a tall, dark –
J.H.W.
Why should you let someone in your mind, your heart? Why should you become attached to one person when you already know how it would end?
She was stroking herself.
“You’re sure you’re all right?”
He looked at the clients’ happy faces, how they were laughing together, speaking to each other, how their gazes shone with joy and excitement.
“Okay but… If he has indeed discovered a new Leonardo, why did he send it to you?” John asked. “It must be worth a fortune!”.
Sherlock barely had the time to close the door behind him before John pinned him against it. Walking to 221b Baker Street has been a sheer torture. If he hadn’t known that Sherlock’s flat was just 5 minutes away, he would have taken advantage of every shadowy nook and cranny on their way to kiss and taste a bit more the beautiful man next to him.
I'm having a lot of fun with this story, hope you'll enjoy! :)
“The science of deduction” appeared among the first results.
with this man. Maybe he should have been frightened by the intensity of his desire towards someone he has barely met, but he couldn’t backpedal.
But that wasn’t the problem (okay, just a small part of it).
Sherlock’s big hands on his ass, his clever, nimble fingers creeping downwards, exploring every secret of his intimacy, rubbing the sensitive skin there, teasing him until John couldn’t stand anymore…
He hesitated. He knew what he would like to ask Irene – he has tried to egg her in that direction for months now…
His brother never rang off – not when he had the opportunity to spar over the phone with him, an exercise both of them would never admit that they still found enjoyable.
Not if.
“Oh please! Did you see Mycroft’s face when he discovered one of his precious cats was pregnant? He was already in over his head with a litter of kittens on his hands!”
“We really hope next year to set up a beehive over there…” Hussein abruptly stopped when he saw John’s stricken face. “Oh, I see… You’re allergic?”
Irene snorted, while typing her answer.
“Do you want to take a shower?”
And how could John resist this posh voice?
“Yeah, that’s quite obvious,” Harry said with a snort, letting herself in and examining the flat. John closed the door behind him, at a loss for words. Why was Harry here, exactly? They didn’t get in touch regularly, to say the least. He felt his hackles getting up at the thought that she might have come here to see for herself where he was living, how well exactly he was faring in the great city of London. Scrutinizing him with her clear, piercing eyes and unveiling everything which was lacking in his life.
He padded over to the coffee table, where he has left his mobile, and was on the verge of handing it over when he noticed the “Unread message” flashing on the screen. His heart jumped in his chest.
A few seconds later, he was back on the doorstep, throwing an exasperated glance at John.
Puzzled and a little distraught – he has started to enjoy
His eyes blinking at the harsh glow of neon lights, John gasped when he saw Sherlock just in front of him.
Joan took a deep breath.
"What you were thinking right now... I'd love that. When we'd meet again."
He wondered if it was Sherlock’s way of flirting.
“Fishing for compliments?” Sherlock retorted before leaning in and putting his lips on John’s, his tongue already asking for his mouth. John was only too happy to grant him access, groaning when he felt his cock responding.
She stopped, but didn’t turn round.
Greg smiled – it was an easy question.
His conductor of light, who has brought with him shadows Sherlock was getting lost into.
“As you wish,” Sherlock replied, his heart hammering in his chest and finally taking the risk, this very last step which remained between them.
“The point is,” Greg repeated, not wanting to lose the thread of their discussion right now. “I asked him a bit of help in... you know and here you are!”
” before standing up.
“It’s enough, John. Let bygones be bygones. Stop hurting yourself.”
Without any warning, he cupped John’s bottom in his hands and lifted him up. John let out a surprised yell, eliciting a “Shhh!” from his companion, while his legs instinctively wrapped around Sherlock’s waist.
And he knows what he’s talking about. After all, isn’t he the only consulting detective in the whole world? A fact he loves to repeat, especially when Uncle Mycroft pays them a visit.
“Don’t care, I’m pissed! Don’t call me when I’m pissed, it’s…unfair, that’s what it is!”
He should have chosen that time to release himself from the overwhelming, crushing responsibility his parents have placed on him – “You be a good boy, Johnny” – refusing to fit into the straight and narrow mould they’ve chosen for him.
Writing this chapter - and the banter - was great fun, hope you'll enjoy it too!
Sherlock let out a mirthless laugh.
Making his cock pulse with arousal in his jeans.
“That’s my Rosie, top of her class, bless her!”
It was a perfect opportunity to open his mouth and ask the owner, who obviously knew some things about Sherlock, if…
Browsing page after page, he slowly immersed himself in Sherlock’s world.
But the DI didn’t pay him the slightest bit of attention, too lost in whatever was filling his mind.
“What happened to “I’m married to my work”, then?” John asked, breaking the silence between them.
“No need to get stroppy with me, young man,” she berated him, making him feel like a scolded four-year old. “I know you’re a very good doctor, but I don’t expect you to know everything, especially as regards botany.”
“That better!” Greg declared. “And now… what you want, Sh’lock?”
He realized he was impatiently foot-tapping, something that Mrs Dubusson has noticed, as the amused glance she shot at him proved.
“Unless it’s meant for you?” he asked, stirring sugar into his cup.
She sighed, trying to commit to memory the softness of Sherlock’s hair, the firmness of her small, slender breasts against her own chest, the warmth of her palms laid flat on her back.
Who could carry out the Herculean task that dismantling a criminal network represented?
She was babbling, not looking at Joan in the eye, arms rigidly alongside her body. But all Joan could see was the dark flush across her face.
“Shhh,” he whispered, breathing in the man’s cologne.
“What’s that all, Mycroft?”
— Detective Inspector.
Heat bloomed again in his cheeks. He had to look like an overripe tomato at this point, but still John carried on.
He tried to look composed – a hard feat, since everything in him was screaming
“Okay.”
“No need to sugar-coat the behaviour of your friend, Doctor Watson,” she replied before meeting Sherlock’s gaze. “You wouldn’t be here if what little Mycroft has told about my case didn’t interest you, would you?”
or the
“What…” John started but Sherlock cut him off.
Was the object intended as a threat? A bad omen?
Damn his impatience.
His date was a bloody fucking
Besides, his stubborn streak wouldn’t leave it alone, demanding that he replied.
“With very good reason, brother mine,” Mycroft calmly replied but Sherlock was no fool, he could look past the carefully composed façade.
” which left him breathless, delirious joy running through his whole being.
experience.
“She does,” he relentlessly interrupted. “Trust me.”
You spoke to Death and you cried after having read a letter.
You regularly became exasperated by his stubbornness, his observance of what you perceived as silly traditions and the way he was holding fast to his heterosexuality. Parading all these women under your very nose, getting angry when you managed to disturb his dates… It was so stupid! How couldn’t he see how compatible you were with one another? How fast you were falling for him?
He has made once the mistake to open up to Mycroft in this matter. In his own defence, he still had been young enough to be baffled by people’s reactions. Mycroft had gazed at him in a condescending, almost pitying way before answering “That’s a fact, little brother – people
“You’re losing it, Watson,” he mumbled under his breath, staring at Amboise’s
“But that was before, John. I’ll never forget you again, now.”
“I knew you could be convinced,” Irene said, laughing at his impatience. “Fine, old man. If I catch our man first, you’ll leave your coat and your suit in your flat and let your inner drag queen come to play. And if you are very very good…”
He simply bowed his head and cried.
What a way to start their meeting.
He pulled John towards him, exposing him until he could see John’s hole.
He has left all this behind him the day he got the admission letter.
Touch his warm skin, touch his wrist and feel his heartbeat under his fingers, touch his face, his fingertips brushing against the outline of his scalp, his cheeks, his nose.
“You’re a doctor? You must have seen all kinds of interesting cases…”
He couldn’t help but feeling a bit disappointed when he read
What a disaster, he thought.
“I… It seems that…” he stammered before letting out a great sigh and looking at Greg in the eye. “I owe you an apology.”
John found himself disrobed in a handful of seconds, Sherlock throwing his shirt off the bed before lowering himself onto John, holding up his weight on his hands. John didn’t waste time, draping his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down, moaning when he felt the first skin-on-skin contact.
It happened so quickly Molly had barely the time to realize what was going on – the barman leaned over the counter, whispering in his companion’s ear and distracting her attention. At the same time, he pulled something from his pocket and poured its content in the woman’s glass.
’s owner.”
Both men stared at one another, a nearly electric tension sparking between them.
And there she was, in this damp underground tunnel, where a nasty, musty smell was slowly choking her. The kid guiding her through this maze – a willowy teenager, whose hat was pulled down over his eyes – suddenly stopped.
He raised his head, the wonder in his pale eyes drawing John like a moth to the flame.
was truly alarming, because if he lost his friends, where would he be? If he failed to keep their company, if he found himself once again as the loner, the one who was dismissed, excluded from all the get-togethers at St Clare’s, the one who never received any invitation to a birthday party.
“Gosh. You’re really something, aren’t you?”
Both Sherlock and her, when examining the case, agreed that their man, now he has cut his teeth on online abuse, would set his sights higher.
He morosely looked at the list he has been given at the start of the speed-dating event – a list which remained completely unticked yet. While he has been chatting amicably with the women in front of him – at least until Kelly – he hasn’t felt any spark during their discussions.
Sherlock resentfully came out of the tank replica, stepping on the green law. The 10-year-old boy who still survived in him vigorously resented being interrupted in his garden exploration by the unknown female voice whose echo was still lingering in the air.
Especially with hundreds of people like him around him.
“In the same way as the persons in charge of the decoration, I think,” Sherlock retorted, eyeing with a growing disgust the scene in front of him.
Except that, if John’s theory was correct, Sherlock has precisely done so before, with the bunch of forget-me-nots.
The endless admiration, the devotion, the loyalty, the desire, lust and love so entwined in his soul he couldn’t resist anymore. Especially when he could feel in Sherlock’s throat, vibrating against his hand, these little, incoherent moans, slipping out of Sherlock’s mouth every time each of them was pulling back to take a breath before delving once again.
“Now, you’re just taking the piss.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Like many others, Molly has fallen under their spell. She smothered her laugh when Sherlock, who shared some classes with her, didn’t hesitate to loudly oppose their teachers and she became mute whenever Irene turned her sharp smile in her direction.
And John, who was quite rubbish at learning the easiest steps – until it was for a dirty slow, of course – didn’t waste any time replying “Yes” before reaching out and tangling his fingers with Sherlock’s own.
Who has helped him? (because it wasn’t possible he has done it alone)
“This one is on me, kiddo.”
John used to pride himself on his nerves of steel, but there were limits, even for a former soldier. Therefore he stammered “What the fuck?” before taking a few paces back.
“Yep,” Sherlock confirmed. “Didn’t need a hand. It hasn’t happened since university.”
If Sherlock has thought John would finally be rebuffed by his knowledge, he was sorely mistaken. There was instead a growing warmth in John’s gaze, a sweet affection so unexpected and so tempting at the same time that Sherlock bit his lip, for fear of blurting the first thing which came to his mind.
Sherlock abruptly pulled back, hard eyes focused on John’s face, voice vibrant with indignation:
Kissing that mouth, tasting him like a fine wine before forgetting his last traces of restraint and devouring him.
(I've said that they're idiots, hum...)
“Oh no, dear Doctor. I’m flirting with you. Wooing, courting you, telling you how dear you’ve become to me. You deserve to hear every little thing I’ve ever thought about you – How I love hearing you sing in the shower, even if your voice is frankly atrocious…”
Oh, it was better than Christmas!
“By what? The fact that he could have a sex life?”
It was met with a brittle laugh.
It was a well-rehearsed argument between them – Ross trying to convince to try something new while Sherlock persisted in holding in to his habits.
“I SAID SHUT UP!”
“Everything I’ve done,” he angrily replied, “was to protect them, you know that!”
He swallowed heavily, ignoring the curious glances of bystanders at them, their joined hands.
“And… hum… you’re going to participate?”
His lover.
He has a very clear idea of Irene’s no doubt colourful answer to the
“You first,” he said in a brittle voice.
“What happened?” she growled, clenching her hands.
“My landlady. She has taken a shine to me, always checking if I eat enough, this kind of thing… (He sighed.) And Mister Whiskers – or rather Smelly Cat, as I used to call him – would come with her whenever she brought me meals and tea…”
“Really, Johnny? Because, you know, you’ve never truly looked at him…”
“Oh yeah? Which part, then?”
“Don’t you think that during all this time, you had ample opportunity to simply go and talk to him, hum?” Ross mercilessly went on. “It wasn’t as if he was never looking at you…”
For all their bickering and their attempts at outdoing the other, the two of them were thick as thieves, almost living in each other’s pocket. Back when they all were at university, you couldn’t see one without catching sight of the other.
Goodness.
He forced himself to stay put as he observed his lover, who has been rendered speechless.
The ghost of a smile lingered on his lips. But his face grew sombre soon afterwards and desperation was shining in his eyes when he said “I need your help, Molly.”
“Dazzling smile.”
The one time I decided not to hit "preview" when posting a new chapter was the time Ao3 decided to only give you one half of the chapter... My apologies for this mistake, that I've just noticed! So Chapter 8 has been updated as it should be and to make up for this, here's another (short again!) chapter.
He smirked when he imagined Mycroft’s aghast expression should his brother come across him right at this moment.
They were both coming, John realized.
“Whatever you want,” he whispered.
“You’re sure?”
The rest of his sentence was suddenly muffled under John’s mouth. He has pulled Sherlock down, standing on the balls of his feet, and he was kissing him. Kissing him with a fervour Sherlock hasn’t expected, which ignited deep in him something fierce.
“That’s my mobile!”
But now it wasn’t for the sake of the British Army. No, if she would take up arms, it would be against the nasty piece of shit who has hurt his friend.
He realized that it had been a very long time since had properly thought; since he had truly been himself.  Even before he had followed Herman Bennett he had forgotten whom he was.
He knew that Sherlock could be a dangerous man, though. He had always known.
“I will. Good luck, Mary.” Mr. Neal said and disconnected the call.
“We were close, it was a long time ago,” Sherlock said, and John saw that Sherlock had followed his gaze, he probably knew what he had been thinking. What he had been worried about. He was choosing his words very carefully. And he knew he should probably let it slide, that they should postpone that conversation, but his words were out of his mouth before he could stop himself: “were you together?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, he saw him working his throat, before saying, “I used to be – “
they were.
“That’s the
, he had only enquired about the man’s whereabouts. Agent Harris had given him the answer he truly needed, though.
“Fair enough.” Sherlock replied.
Things had definitely not been like in a movie: there had been depositions, Sherlock and John had been at the hospital and things with John had been worrying for the first twenty-four hours. There had also been the matter of dealing with Janine Hawkins’ murder, Victor Trevor’s kidnapping and the chaos caused by the explosions.
He had calculated the odds, he had erroneously thought he would knock the man out cold once Alyce was safe.
“It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock said, his eyes never leaving Mycroft, “It will be in the news soon.”
Baker Street was still a mess and Mrs. Hudson was not home when he got inside. She had taken everything in stride, accepting the check Mycroft had given her with a shrug of her shoulders and a practical attitude that never ceased to amaze him.
“Sherlock...” , “John...” They spoke at the same time and maybe it was because of what had happened in Sherlock’s room, or the pictures he had seen, or maybe it was just the fact that underneath the red haze of anger, helplessness and rage he had felt for the past few days there was a single truth that was now hovering over them, warm and electric and good: he was
They had all watched Mary die – and Molly had seen what had happened to Janine and Victor Trevor. That was not a game: people were dying – people had been dying and suffering for weeks, and she had  known how tired of it all he was.
He looked around, deciding to ignore all the objects in the large room – knowing he would be haunted by each and every item later, but not caring, not when Sherlock didn’t talk, not when he could not see the man.
were everywhere. It was true – and it was a problem he would have to deal with.
it had left scars both on his skin and in his mind, he was aware of that.
He ordered his mind, gritting his teeth in pain.
She hadn't known how bad they were until they poor man in the video had had his thumb
And very selfishly he  had wanted to see John smile one last time. He had wanted that smile to be the last thing he would see of John Watson; not ghost touches or words said in front of an empty grave.
It had been – fortunately or not – what they had needed to get them back on track. They’d spent the rest of the decade or two out of the chaos of Europe, visiting friends, traveling. Their relationship returned in full; unwilling to be separated, they went everywhere together. That is, until Sherlock was strong-armed by his brother into going to Berlin to deal with a covenant crisis, and John had returned to London, just in time for the Blitz.
After Mycroft had attempted to see him to bed like the overbearing mother hen that he was, Sherlock wondered if he'd ever feel normal again. Perhaps, after the drugs wore off, he might feel better. Perhaps then the drumming would stop. But he'd never feel normal again, not with that hole in his heart.
"Not well."
"Of course I heard you." John smiled weakly. "You can't go up to someone and talk in their ear and expect that they won't hear you."
Silence.
“Now, Doctor, here is our situation: in about…fifteen minutes, New Scotland Yard will be in flames. Oh, don’t look so distraught—it’s all for show, merely superficial. Our dear Sebastian does love his theatrics. Boys will be boys, and all that. After the explosion, he will allow himself to be taken by your friend, Mr Holmes, and that Detective Inspector you’re both so fond of. I imagine they will treat him quite brutally, wouldn’t you say? They’re very keen on getting you back; I can’t say that greater men wouldn’t resort to violence if they thought it was necessary, and I can tell you that at the moment your friends are thinking it
"You said 'used to be'." Sherlock says. "What changed?"
Azazel narrows his eyes for a moment, taking a short breath through his nose before his gaze turns towards the wall, as if he can see through it to where Sherlock lies unconscious on the floor.
When did he get down on the floor?
“His name is Georgiy.” He says, breaking the loaf in half with a crunch and handing part to John. “He lives with his dog Sasha, and otherwise alone. His wife died a few years ago and his sons and daughter live in Mostar, so he tends the farm alone. He helped me pull you out of the river, and not too soon at that either. He saved our lives.”
? What kind of complimentary do they think that is? In fact I—oh." Sherlock's face settled into realisation. "
John sighed. Mikheia had offered him a painkiller or two, just to take the initial bite out of his wounds, but John had refused, although not on the grounds of personal safety. The medicine was perfectly fine and appropriate for both of them to use, but he didn't want to. The pain kept him focused, kept him reminded of just what he had been through and that he had survived.
“You—you left some of your things here earlier, before you left.” She reaches underneath one of the tabletops and extracts a small black bag, one of his minor tool kits that he took more out of routine than use.
“I wouldn’t have known — that, I think, is the cruellest thing you could do to me. Leaving me in the dark, without warning. Proving to me that brilliance had blind spots, and no amount of intelligence would bring you back because I was the one who allowed you fall away.”
"I am…nervous."
John’s brow furrows. “How do you mean?”
“Where are you from?” He replies, undeterred.
go there yet.
"Sherlock."
“Because I heard voices in my head that told me Moriarty was here.”
“Milo, Zana; two names, one person.” She shrugs then catches his face. “What? I am seeing you now, aren’t I not—and I got 50 marks. Worse deals have been made. This way, I am safe when I want to be.”
“It wasn’t so long ago that we were in Norway.” Irene sighed, watching the woman across the alley dump a pot of water into the street. “All that snow and open space. Where does the time go?”
He sat, and didn't stop the tears when they fell.
“It’s all sorted, then?” John asked, hands behind his head as he relaxed against the bedframe.
Christ, his head hurts. He tries to self-diagnose as well as he can in his condition. His bet was on a nasty knock—his captors most likely cared that he was alive, not that he was unhurt, at least until they were done with him—or a slight concussion. Judging on how he’d been slipping in and out of consciousness, he thought the latter was more likely.
"Don't call me that." He snapped, and passed by her too, following his mate into the foyer, sparkling with low and muted candlelight.
"Don't be stupid." Sherlock scoffed.
"Yes. Right over there." The manager says hesitantly, indicating the end of the hall to the space right in front of a red elevator. "One of our cooks, Dick Hallorann, he—uh—he came the next day. Said he felt in his bones that something was wrong and wanted to investigate. Came all the way from Florida, too." The manager sighed heavily. "He was right. He just didn't get here soon enough."
Mycroft’s lips purse. “Be that as it may, it is obvious that you are sorely feeling his absence, and you misdirect your anger towards me. I only wish to help you, but given your past emotional outlets you’ll understand if I concern myself with your wellbeing more than most might.”
Quinn strides to the double doors and goes out to lean over the balustrade to see the doorway. As soon as he was over the threshold, Sherlock springs up and shuts the doors, grabbing a broom and sliding it through the handle so Quinn was locked out.
"Really, John, that would require an
He collapsed to the floor, the feeling not so dissimilar from behind shot, although far less intense. He felt the metal's impact reverberate deep through his bones as he tried to suck in the breath it had punched out.
"Morning!"
“Listen, Sherlock,” He starts. “I know going home tonight will be difficult, but will you promise me you’ll get a good night’s rest?”
? What do you mean weeks?” He blanches, suddenly white-knuckling the netbook. “He’s not—”
“I’ll say.”
"That's the thing, Sherlock. I don't think you have a choice."
, but
“Yeah, most likely. Why, saw something you liked?”
"Mikheia," Sherlock strode over to the boy, picking up his discarded gun off the bench and handing it to him. "Take her and go."
Sasha sits between them, offering the familiar comfort a loyal animal brings, even as he twitches in his sleep.
"You're still going to see her?"
“Please,” Artemisia scoffed, “you come from one of the oldest lines. They dwarf my wealth ten times at least.”
question, alright? If a third body turns up and you're in the mood to mouth off or disrespect my team, I'll be in a mood to haul you to the Yard, keep you there, and send pictures of John and I having the bloody time of our lives at a crime scene you're not at, is that understood?"
." Sherlock scoffed. "People always let you down or leave."
"I've read into you, Mary Morstan." He said quietly, still facing the door.
Lia watched him take the pills with careful eyes and smiled, tossing the cup for him.
"No."
"John, look at this." Sherlock says, leaning over to show him the laptop, but John is facedown on the duvet. He'd been chopping wood all day, out in the snow, and trying to clear a path to the shed with the Snowcat, their only means of escape if they needed one. He knows he has to be back out there in a few days, to clear it again; the thought alone makes him exhausted. He doesn't think he even has the energy to raise his head.
"Yes, and I'm sure that much is true. I put the colloquial bee in their bonnet tonight. I want to be there when it stings." He said with a sly smile. For a moment, John thought he smelled gunpowder. He shook his head, almost as if he were trying to clear it.
Mikheia coughed as he choked on his bread.
“You’re not my brother.”
“What do you mean? You’re saying he
“You didn’t have the right to end it.”
“There’s a hotel nearby.” His husband smiled, coming up to him. “You owe me a drink.”
"I'm not going to debate what's the most effective way for you to commit suicide after my hypothetical death."
Sherlock frowned. “Irene told you.”
"What is it like?" Sherlock asks a little breathless from curiosity, from the temptation of learning things that no human aside from himself knows about.
“God, it smells like deer piss in here.” John muttered, head falling against the cabinet. “We’re never going to get the smell out.”
"What if you weren't? What if one day you won't be? And I know you won't, John, I
"What did you do to him, Mikheia?" John asked quietly.
"I always thought you were a bit like Jim. Must have been why he liked you."
"I thought that would be obvious, John. I'm returning the favour you paid me this morning plus relieving my own sexual desires. I've been quite hard since we got back and this seemed a viable alternative to pass the time."
, John! When have I ever deliberately
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not particularly.” He huffed. “You remember, I was drunk most of the time. And of course I trust you John, but at the same time I am aware of the lengths Moriarty will go to, to ensure my downfall by proxy of you. I just want you to be careful, and nothing in this plan of yours reassures me that you’re not putting yourself in danger because it makes you feel alive. You are at your best in war, a fact I am tempted to both admire and denigrate. Don’t allow it to be the end of you.”
"Will you please stop with that?" Mikheia asked, pausing in his mundane tuning of an old guitar he had found in the attic.
"You were right, sir." He said, taking the plate of biscuits and putting them on the counter.
"What do you want, John?" Sherlock repeats slowly, softly, eyes darting over his as his thumb traces John's cheek. "Truly?"
As I think of you?
He's quiet for a moment. Doesn't answer. But there is something in his face—something inscrutable and distant and maybe even sad—that makes John wonder for the first time who this man was before he came here; who he is outside of what he does.
“I wasn’t aware you still felt so strongly about him.”
It had been John who moved first; their kind could recognize one another anywhere.
He stood aside to let a cook shuffle past with a vat of boiling water, then pulled the bench aside, taking a seat at the table to observe a different, rather morbid type of feast.
Naïve, to think that he might fall to his knees in the rubble and find John if he dug deep enough, yet that didn't stop him.
"That's not what I'm worried about." Sherlock responded lowly. "I'm worried over what will happen to you if he finds you. Nearly two hundred years of rest, to think and mull over about what I've done to him. Two centuries of planning on how to get back at me. Apart from returning the favour to me personally, you're his best chance."
"Not everything." John says quietly.
"His name, Lestrade. Look at it."
His eyes snap open, hard and stony.
Of course. Of all the criminals and runaways of the world, it would always be down to John.
He realized this as he sat at an open air café off the famed Baščaršija square and waited. He'd been there for a half-hour already. Not that he was complaining, since his surroundings were more than pleasant.
His heel catches the edge of a puddle as he bolts through an alleyway almost a block from where he suspects the thieves are hiding. Lestrade had asked him to wait until they got a warrant but that was the beauty of vigilantes; they could circumvent the law. Not that Sherlock was looking into trading his coat for tights.
John smiles.
“Correct, Captain John Watson. No echoes. The walls are made from tiles that absorb the vibrations that sound makes. It’s been called the quietest room in the world. Of everyone that enters, no one lasts more than 45 minutes. Do you know why this is?”
The living room, while well-furnished with expensive antiques, is absolutely sweltering with an oppressive, heavy heat that bears down on every inch of bare skin until it drew sweat in mere seconds. It very nearly knocks the breath straight out of Sherlock's lungs and he is barely two steps in before he ducks back out into the cooler hall and sheds his coat. He hears John swear quietly before he too joins him.
is her boat after all, John. Named for her mother and daughter. Do keep up.”
“Not quite yet. Come on, up you go.”
Moran grins. “Your brother.” He stares at Sherlock’s unmoving face. “You don’t seem surprised.”
“Just you.” Quinn says solemnly.
“You will tell him—” John rasps into his ear, his blood singing. “You will tell Nachash that Sherlock is not his to have. If he touches him, hurts him,
"Well, you owe it a couple times over, so I
“Is he?” Moran huffs through a bloodied face. “He’s so quiet I forgot he was here. Is his timeout over? Can he stop sulking in the corner and come out to play?”
I didn’t even know his real name until the day before yesterday.
John murmurs into his hair.
Sherlock walks out.
Can you even begin to understand what that was like for me to come around that corner, and see you on the pavement, to see that bloke beating the shit out of you, and to wonder if I’d got there too late.
“Everything okay.”
They will be alright, Sherlock thinks.
Apparently they reconnected last month on one of those ridiculous dating apps.”
Sherlock looks frantically around the floor at their feet.
It’s galling.
“I’ve been neglecting you,” Sherlock whispers against his forehead.
“Imagine so.”
And when he sees what looks like doubt or confusion in Sherlock’s eyes…
When he gets back to the lounge Sherlock has locked the door to the landing and changed his setup entirely.
John is panting hard.
I was given this number.
Which is ridiculous, of course.
“Sherlock!”
“Now who’s going to get a cold.”
He leans forward and presses his lips to John’s forehead, and John leans in to the caress, eyes sliding shut, suddenly realising how much he’s missed it, even though it’s only been a couple of days, and he feels a bit foolish, because he’s loved Sherlock for years, but it’s never been like this, not even in the full year they’ve been together—this hunger, this need, neediness.
I think we should take a look around.
He should be more nervous than he is.
“Perhaps it was a bad idea coming all the way out here in the middle of the winter.”
“The honour of growing old with me, and well—I thought this as good a spot as any.”
His hands are trembling, and Sherlock props himself up on one elbow, and wonders if he should touch him.
John nods toward the purple scarf he’d bought Sherlock the week before, the jumper he’s never seen before peaking out beneath, and the fact that Sherlock hasn’t taken his coat off even though they are now sitting in a warm pub.
“Because I feel like it.
He twines his legs with Sherlock’s again, starts to touch him, a slow, soft surge of John’s body against his, a slide of fingers through his hair, down his neck, down his spine, the mingling of breath, a press of lips, slide of tongue, until Sherlock is melting against him, until he’s almost forgotten what it was he was so eager for a moment ago.
“Just tell me.”
“Okay?”
“It was a bit much.”
He sees the relief register physically, her shoulders drop, she remembers to breathe.
“We should get out.
Perfect.
John shrugs.
We’d all live here together, and the room upstairs would be your room, and in a few months we’ll get you a big girl bed, if you can promise not to get up at night.”
John chuckles, but does as bade, and then they are in one another’s arms again, and Sherlock’s hands are dipping down and over the warm, twitching entrance to John’s body, even as John’s hand returns to his, and their cocks slide together, slick with lube, and sweat, and precome.
He locks the door behind them and leans against it, watches John throw his coat over the back of a chair, toss his phone and car keys on the desk by the window, lean down and poke at the smouldering coals in the hearth, and then put the poker back in it’s rack.
I have a lot of comments asking me about SensoryScience, how he’s doing, if I’ve heard anything.
The shadow stops.
The morning clouds have parted, and the light rain stopped.
John reaches across to adjust the blanket draped over Sherlock’s shoulders, running a hand down the length of his arm before settling back to stare out into the soft fading of the day.
They’ll catch up in a minute, of that he’s certain, but for now it’s a neurological storm of input.
John cries out, reaches out to grip Sherlocks sides, and wills himself not to come.
The address suggests it came from the Duke, the postmark that it was likely delivered the day he went missing.
A place he and John have already eked out for themselves one quiet, velvet-dark, chaste but intimate night at a time.
You have a therapist.
“I mean, tonight, but also…”
“Yeah?
Sherlock’s voice, clear as day.
I just…
“Alright.
And that is when John swoops in, presses deep, sucking, sloppy kisses to Sherlock’s neck, and starts to palm him in earnest.
“Yeah, well…”
John rises onto his knees, reaches down to smooth his hands carefully over the tops of Sherlock’s thighs.
John grins.
Right.
A tall bloke, probably.
“So you’re a genius in this too, okay.”
Something the man who hired Clay wanted.”
“You’re not the only one who fears being a danger to those you love, John.
What for?”
John huffs against his heated skin, and then goes quiet again.
John sobers a little.
Sherlock wiggles his knees a little.
John grins, drops the satchel slung over his shoulder onto the floor, shuts the door, and crawls back into the bed, fully clothed.
“Yeah.  Okay. Maybe.  But I really think we should start there,” Lestrade insists.
“So,” John begins, as the driver pulls away from the kerb.
“Was that his name?”
He still gets after me about that.”
You—you just don’t get it, do you?”
“Won’t.”
It’s their house now.
And what do you mean,
He’d been overseas, and it was Harry who had sat with her as she breathed her last.
Any more?”
John reaches up to touch it.
And then he presses his cold nose under the line of John’s scarf, and kisses his neck, and John moans, and hisses at the scrape of teeth, and groans at the swipe of a hot and eager tongue.
“Then give me moderate.”
But John sees the corners of his mouth twitch, and the way he self-consciously lifts a hand to his hair as he turns and sets off down the path again.
It’s homely, and domestic, and perfect.
And when Sherlock dips down and sucks hard at his neck, and ruts himself, rock hard, and twitching against John’s thigh, John whines long and deep in his throat, and throws his head back panting, dizzy, breathless.
Sherlock asks carefully, because he needs to be sure.
“Hey.”
John chuckles.
“Hmm.”
And with that Sherlock dashes out the door.
“You don’t know the first thing about it, and besides, it’s none of your business.”
Okay.
“Right.
“If you like.”
He lazily cleans himself up, and then leans forward and tentatively lifts the lid of his laptop with one finger.
He smiles and she giggles some more.
“I can make you forget, if that’s what you want,” he whispers against John’s lips.
“They’re love letters, I think.”
“I couldn’t let him!
to a man.”
When he returns, he stops beside his chair, hovering, unsure, waiting, Sherlock realises, for his next order.
So perhaps we could continue?
John’s fingers find the tab at Sherlock’s waistband, loose it, lower his zip.
“I would have, if you’d wanted to.”
I like it here.”
“You didn’t come.”
“You know what.
John rubs a hand over the top of his thigh, and shifts in his seat.
Fortunately it still has a couple of months left.
Russian, maybe?
Sherlock pushes past John and crawls into bed, turns his back and pulls the blankets up and over his shoulders.
“Something her husband had.
“Yeah.”
He’s standing in the landing, with nothing to busy him, phone on the table in the kitchen, coat hung up, just—standing alone in the dim space with the patter of the rain and soft hum of traffic outside, and the muffled natter of Mrs. Hudson’s television downstairs.
“Use your fingers.”
John’s adam’s apple bobs.
Off you go.
Sherlock’s breath is sweet with ginger biscuits and warm milk.
And John doesn’t quite know what to make of that as a response, so…
He smiles at the constant stream of humming, and he pretends to be asleep when John slips back into the room and the loo beyond to wash up and brush his teeth.
He could do for himself fine.
“I can stay, then?”
Sherlock nods.
“Good Christ, that is not an image I needed!”
“This usual for this time of day?”
One did not surprise Sherlock Holmes on his birthday.
Mrs. Roundhay has started to fidget and look nearly distressed as her lodger.
“Alright.
He’s pleasantly surprised to see that SensoryScience has posted something new.
“And is it work you’re enjoying?”
But when he finally gets back to the flat, fate meets him at the door—in the form of Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock nods, but John must not see him in the dark.
It opens up a vast universe of possibilities, secret fantasies that John has rarely if ever indulged because they seemed almost more foreign than exciting.
“Nothing?”
John hears it, of course, close as he is.
Angels turn out to be assassins.
He tries not to think about her in the end, when the cancer got bad, and all her beautiful hair had fallen out, and the wild, wondrous light in her eyes had dimmed.
Yes.”
But it is their other guest that truly captures his attention.
Sherlock should accept it.
It doesn’t make sense.
From himself.”
John traces his thumb over Sherlock’s abdomen.
“I see.
A house with a bit of a mystery and a romance all tied up in one.
Sherlock’s eyes slide open, and he blinks down at him.
He swallows down the unexpected lump in his throat.
He’s earned the right to rest.
A flicker of something in the eyes.
“Well then, up you come.
Home early, aren’t you?”
Now…”
He is almost sure of that, now.
Oh shit!
Doctor’s orders.
It should be making him anxious as well, and maybe it is and he’s just not realised it yet.
“I die.”
“John.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flare again, and he silently curses himself.
Sherlock jumps, and John’s hand settles, strokes once, up into the hair at his nape, and down again.
“John.
John giggles some more, and more still until his laughter starts to sound like sobs.
No, no, no, NO!”
For free?”
John winks at him, and Sherlock feels his cheeks go warm.
You think the murderer has her phone?
She arches a brow.
Think I’ll check and see if they’re up yet.
Maybe it’s a carer you need, not a bodyguard.
He has lovely eyelashes, dark and full, and his lids are so pale that John can see the thin purple web of veins beneath.
Sherlock nods his head and chuckles.
Her name was Soo Lin Yao.
John takes another mouthful of soup, before setting his spoon down, and sitting back in his chair.
He’s been lying on his bad shoulder for god knows how long.
They somehow drag themselves to bed and sleep almost 12 hours.
John turns his face up toward the sun and lets it warm him.
Then you carried on dreaming I think.
“Could use some of mine.
“Mild.”
You wouldn’t have me on, right?
Not ache, really.
Too dry.
“Right.”
They walk through the trading floor, and into another large office.
“Are you okay?”
It looks frustrated and fond all at once, and Sherlock wonders why his cheeks suddenly feel hot, and his head light.
And what John wills, evidently, is just to look.
“I suppose there will be penance to pay for coming out in all this cold.”
“Yeah, I…”
He went by himself, and…”
He stops mid-stride and turns to look back down the pavement and up at the glass building glinting in the mid-afternoon sunshine.
Then, yes.”
He needs you, I think.”
It never occurred to him that perhaps John might not be happy to see him.
“I have very little talent, I’m afraid.
There is one tiny blood vessel running like a bluish vine beneath the thin skin of his right eyelid.
Come up here.”
) again—almost.
“The flat share?”
“What are you doing?”
“Hey.”
Your story.
And John feels like running, falling, just—stopping.
There were better things to concentrate his energies on, she had said.
I believe you mentioned that we both could put a stop to things whenever needed.”
A hotel.
His eyes are wide and glassy when he’s awake, as though something that had been sleeping since before he and Sherlock met has awakened again, risen to the surface, and possessed him.
He can hear the tease in Sherlock’s voice, something he never could have imagined even a few hours before.
Gentle.”
But not tonight.
Sherlock breathes deep, inhaling the scent of John’s scalp.
to let them know I’m coming.
“See the sea!”
He holds up a bag of potatoes and a peeler.
John smiles back.  “You got condoms?”
John chuckles, and nods in acknowledgement to their young waiter, as he arrives with their salad and tray of lasagna, motioning to him that he will dish out their food.
There is a price to pay if Sherlock doesn’t adhere to his methods.
He feels the kiss in every cell of his body.
The sheep bleats again, and John gives its head a pat before turning back to the lane, and continuing his way toward the village.
We’ll rush and worry.”
John glances up, distracted, his turn to be a million miles away.
“An ASMR video, John.”
John blinks.
More times than I can count.”
The sand is blowing away, washing away.
“Mm.”
“Anything.”
“I mean…
She squeezes his arm again.
John is smiling, for the first time in days, smiling.
It’s somewhat flattering even if it is hard to accept.
He must be using some sort of special microphone, because John can hear every small nuance and whisper, and as he watches those long, thin fingers disappear into the depths of the thick fur again and again, he definitely starts to feel something.  It reminds him a bit of sexual arousal, but not quite.
I’ll catch her next week.”
The night is cool, but dry, and the streets are filled with evening bustle.
Sherlock reaches out and wraps his arms around him, strains up to kiss his neck, and John cries out, his forehead dropping to Sherlock’s cheek, panting in small, strangled whimpers, looking more and more desperate.
He’s just going to have to dial back his plans.
He flops inelegantly into the bed John had been occupying earlier, and curls tight in the dark.
Not yet.
No real beach out here, I don’t think, but Brighton’s not far, and I think there’s a sandy beach in Seaford, maybe.”
“Was it?”
John is halfway down the street, marching with remarkable speed toward the tube station.
I want you to be sure.”
The soft glide of his finger isn’t enough, though, not enough by half.
He yanks open the medicine cabinet above the sink and roots around for iodine.
“Yeah.
He shakes his head and growls in frustration, sees the cabbie glance back at him in the rearview mirror, and instantly pretends to be frustrated with something on his phone.
Sherlock's eyes narrow.
John straightens his tie. The one he wears when he wants to impress. Sherlock wants to vomit, preferably all over it because then John will have no choice but to cancel and stay here and look after him.
Mycroft exhales, rubbing at his temples.
me, he wasn’t supposed to go when I needed him, I was going to come back after Bruges and he was supposed to be here waiting!”
He didn’t rise to the bait. “Your concern is heartwarming, as ever. John has responded well after he destroyed your latest gambit for my affections.”
"Oh, bollocks." Sherlock muttered in contradiction. "Yes I did. I faked my death, I deceived you, I ran around the world, and you weren't at my side. I left you in the fullest sense of the word."
“Miss me?” Moran grins.
. Didn't stop them though. Nothing stopped them from fucking until they bled or biting a lip between their teeth or bruising skin with angry, volatile punches. They were embroiled in the sun and it felt like a glorious becoming. Then Sherlock Holmes had come along and eclipsed that world. Jim's interest waned towards the gravity of the brighter star. Yet still Sebastian stayed, as he had when his father beat his mother into a coma, as he had when she died and his father was imprisoned, as he had when he had become a ward of the state because, if Jim had ever said anything correct about his insight into Moran's character, it was that he was a stray that dedicated its love to whomever decided to feed it. And Jim had offered the fullest meals. He stayed, right until the moment he knelt beside his genius, took in the hole in the back of his head, and turned to the stretcher he'd been ordered to bring for reasons unknown until he was putting Jim Moriarty on in carefully so what was left of that great brain didn't splatter onto the roof. He stayed long enough to see the body of Jim Moriarty and conclude that, as Sherlock was his end, so would Moran be Sherlock's.
Sasha says nothing, smiling and panting in the cold air.
“I’m sure the location is also commendable—”
John shut his eyes, quietly analysing the symptoms.
“39.”
Time to move.
Sherlock looks at his soldier. At that battlefield that he must now clean up because he decided to play instigator, investigator, judge and executioner all at once.
He decides to do what he does best. Investigate.
John join him. He had let him live in his flat with him, had let him go on that call on the adventure he had dubbed the Study in Pink, had let him call himself colleague and then friend…Sherlock had
Damn.
"Was?"
And that lovely picture at the beginning is a screenshot from Paul Thomas Anderson's "There Will Be Blood" (I'll forgive you if you haven't heard of it, but it is absolutely amazing). The quote underneath is from Shakespeare's "The Tempest" (I won't be so forgiving if you've never heard of that one). Both works had a large influence on this work, especially towards the end.
"William Wiggins."
Sherlock dug his hands into John's hair, his voice darkly feral as his eyes bore into John's.
It had been too good to be true.
They sat at the little kitchenette table, Sherlock's long legs folded beneath his chair as the little cup of coffee steamed in front of him.
Moran chuckled as he relit his cigarette.
John backed away from him, that terrible, brave look on his face.
Everything had happened so fast, but he was to blame for kicking it into motion. He had kissed Sherlock first. He was responsible for whatever happened afterwards. Yet…he had thought he was going to die. He had stood up and kissed Sherlock and lock him in and left the room thinking he was walking to his death. But he was confident in his abilities, confident that he was the better man in the situation and, if anything, he'd get Mikheia out alive (which, technically, he had), confident that he could steal a gun, aim, and shoot before the other two. And he was proven right. But when Sherlock had kissed
, Sherlock Holmes.”
“That’s your gun.” John breathed. “You didn’t–”
It was that thought more than the others that made him realise how wet his face had become. How badly his chest hurt. How achingly hollow the small sounds coming from his throat were.
Sometimes, he remembered his own.
"What do you mean?"
He knows it's Johns doing. He's sure.
When you have nothing left but dregs, even the bitter flavour tastes better than an empty cup.
can you taxidermy the memory of someone you love, preserve it in chemicals so you feel that way forever, so you remember their face as it was, before it rots away, before it swells with water
The woman pointed with a shaking figured to the back of the bakery, where the machinery whirred away in an alcove. John nodded, keeping his gun drawn.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment and Mycroft assumes he has nothing more to say, but he speaks just as Mycroft crosses the threshold.
“Who?” Sherlock persists.
Any argument the man might have had was cut off as the rope tightened.
They round a large fallen slab of tree trunk and walk up to a bundle of plastic sheeting, wrapped and taped tightly around an unmistakably human form. Through the opaque material, John can just make out shades of long blonde hair.
Sherlock doesn't seem to react other than trying to focus the microscope lens on whatever he's looking at.
"John, if any misfortune were to happen you—"
John sighs, closing his eyes. He's counted the repeating pattern of the wallpaper twice now. There's only so much longer he can stay in this flat.
He stood and softly pulled open the compartment door before disappearing down the hall in a wisp of cold air and dark coat.
"[Bruges] is a fairytale town, isn't it? How's a fairytale town not somebody's fucking thing?"
Sherlock mutters something.
"I'll try." He whispers into Sherlock's curls.
Moran glances to Mikheia as he advances with the wrench, as if to cut off his line of exit. He laughs and shoulders his rifle.
"Do you understand?" Sherlock repeated, as if he hadn't heard anything Mikheia had said.
"No." He glanced out the window. "I mean, I know some clippers do what they do for the money or—well, it's usually for the money, isn't it?" They both smiled. "But they get addicted to whatever they're into because they can't deal with what they're doing, can't reconcile their feelings with the actions that caused them. I don't feel anything about it, so I feel fine."
"Will…" Molly leans forward, wrapping her arms around him. "Will, it's not your fault. You were her good thing. You were."
He wishes he dreamed more. Then he might dream of John. But all he has now are memories.
"What about the other man? Richard Thompson? He looks like he could have had the money!"
"Love is…it is…" He paused and then began to laugh. "That's what it is! Something so empty and so full at the same time. Something that cannot be stuffed into words. It is what you feel when you come home and someone is waiting for you. It is what you feel when you've been out in the cold and go somewhere warm. It is what you feel when you eat after a long hunger. That is love."
“…I miss you.”
"It's a six-shooter. You fired five."
Jim stares at him, the smile falling from his face.
Sherlock is there when he wakes.
"To you, perhaps." Jim grins.
Sherlock glares at him until he concedes. “His sister’s, naturally. Normal people do tend to visit relatives in times of emotional strife.”
His heart is perfunctory.
John is just fastening the pin in his bandages when Georgiy returns, shedding his outer layers quickly in the smoky heat of the cottage. As John watches, he slowly kneels down on the floor in front of the fireplace and takes out a pocketknife, loosening a rattling floorboard and setting it aside. He reaches down until his arm disappears and comes up with a dusty dark bottle, thoroughly examined by Sasha’s wet busy nose as he raises himself back up and replaces the floorboard.
It doesn’t return immediately when he wakes again and it takes a few moments before it comes crashing back to him with the heavy realization that they haven’t killed him yet, which is a good sign. It’s all he has to hold onto at the moment. Blindfolded, gagged, crowded into a cramped, hot darkness with only his thoughts for company. A bead of sweat trickles down his back, his shirt sticking to his skin in the damp heat. He thinks he’s alone. He hopes he stays that way.
"It's tea John, I should hope that it is." Sherlock sniffs from his seat beside John, John's laptop resting on his knees.
The neighbourhood's turned itself out at the appearance of the police. Sherlock holds the tape up for John to go under as they walk into the narrow hallway of the high-end row house, as garishly decorated as any other in an expensive neighbourhood such as this one. Close proximity to Canary Wharf didn't come cheaply.
Ahead, a shining flight of stairs, glowing green in the darkness. He climbs them, turning on the landing, and coming out onto the balcony club floor.
Sherlock didn't give him a chance to respond as he moved and rolled over him, trapping a laughing John beneath him.
“You make it sound like it’s a
Thus he went in, and thus he made me enter
"No," John sighed, "but you're going to tell me anyways."
"I don't
“For what, Molly? Being attacked at a bar? We just want to ask him a few things, get all this sorted out—”
“I needed a doctor. He came…highly recommended.”
"So, how have you been?" John asked and a real smile cracked onto Sherlock's face, a rarity since he had been away, although when happiness had struck him, it usually pertained to John.
“He escaped, didn’t he?” Sherlock says as he narrows his eyes. “He asked you to help him like I did, and you acquiesced, didn’t you?”
"But you love him?"
Sherlock felt as he once did in that moment of freefall, that one moment when he tipped forward and sent himself falling off the roof of St. Bart's three years ago and he knew there was no going back afterwards. The moment he had ceded control to gravity, the moment he had given the reins to chaos and let himself fall.
"I think that we can spare your parents Christmas dinner or New Year's." John says and Sherlock rolls his eyes, but John knows it will please him to see his parents and (hopefully) their approval. "What are your basic allotments then? A microscope and great coat that costs three months rent?"
Sherlock stares at his phone for a moment then looks up at John.
“Sherlock.”
as if the two of you are old friends!”
"Mary." Sherlock said quietly as he continued wrapping the gauze. "Do you love her? It would be perfectly understandable, considering she was there for you, supported you through an emotional crisis. It isn't unexpected that you would have a romantic inclination towards her—" His eyes turned up to John's face, unreadable and blank. Red flag. He backtracked. "Never mind. It doesn't matter. If you do, I will try my best to not get in the way. You won't even notice me."
"Yes." Sherlock answered, nodding as he rested his head against John's. His fangs had come unsheathed, their healthy growth promoted by the heady combination of John's attention and the strong scent of old blood coming from the locked butcher's cabinets.
“Vienna,” the man repeated, laughing. “Austrian women are as beautiful as a snowy night under the stars.”
“Sherlock…” John said weakly. He turned to him, the brightness in his eyes dulling as he nodded towards the back door, still flung open to the night. He raised an arm, pointing weakly.
"In 1919 a scientist named Rutheford managed to knock the nucleus from one atom to another, thereby technically changing the substance, but otherwise, I'm quite sorry to say, alchemy has been wholly unsuccessful."
“Ever?”
Everything I love is out to sea.
This Not-John was a greater yet more terrible John. He was more beautiful in his fury, in his marble skin, but he was crueller, far crueller, far more brutally honest than His John.
“I see you don’t believe me. A pity…I’ve been perfecting this for so many years, I have it down to an art. Short wavelengths do wonders to prolong exposure and not damage the anterior eye or its corneas; a low ESI and a high visual performance renders a subject such as yourself very susceptible to short-term exposure.”
A note.
"You make it all worth it." Sherlock said lowly, eyes glinting in the moonlight. "I won't lose you. Not to her, not to Irene, not to Moriarty. Not to anyone."
There is a body on the floor, where Carl Powers' shoes once sat. Dark blonde hair, compact frame, nondescript jumper.
Irene suddenly pulls the pencil out of the cup, spilling the contents onto the table.
John was no burden; he was the anchor. He needed him around; it was fact. Plants required water, humans required oxygen, Sherlock required John, John required Sherlock. They had been together longer than they had been apart, for Sherlock at least, and they knew that their existence as separate individuals ended with a period, no second chances, no ellipses necessary. There was nothing but the continuum.
Sherlock looks down to the table, noting that Quinn hasn’t touched his cup either.
“…about this author my teacher told me about.”
“Just what the doctor ordered.”
you, and I highly anticipate the day when you realise that."
John laughs. "No, not pen ink, just ink. That's only what we call it though, of course, not what it actually is."
--//--
. I come back to you and your silences and you make jokes and talk like nothing happened, like you’re fine with this and you are not fine, John, and neither am I, and yet you sit there and look at me with those martyr eyes of yours like you’re the only one who’s been suffering this whole time; well what about me, then? What of the machine that broke itself in your name? Oh, we shouldn’t speak of it, it’ll be better if we just don’t talk about it, is that it? We’ll just go back to normal and all of this will sort itself out and we’ll be
Sherlock does not have time for this man’s personal crisis. His wife’s has ensnared his full attention.
It’s quite hard to talk to John when everything he says sounds hostile, like he’s got a loaded gun on him and Sherlock’s a long-standing enemy who’s getting a morality lecture before he’s shot full of lead.
"That'd be a sight, wouldn't it? I think he'd have the baker write something clinical like 'Congratulations on the Coital Bliss'."
"The Sorites Paradox." Sherlock says quietly, eyes shut. "A grain of sand does not constitute a heap of sand, nor does five or ten or a hundred, yet when you have a heap of sand you cannot determine at which grain it became a heap. You can take it apart bit by bit, but you can never know when the heap becomes a pile until you're down to the last grain again. A question with no end."
"Remind me to thank her."
Silence, then Sherlock spoke again, quietly. “Are you telling me to go?”
“I’m not dead, Sherlock.”
"I observe and deduce."
"Do you want to tell me about it?" John asks with a soft smile as Sherlock lays his forehead against his own.
"How is it you know where we're going?" John asked, wind ruffling his hair. The consecutive whiskeys had sent his brain floating somewhere behind them, head resting against the cool metal frame as they barreled down the dirt roads, heading for a destination he had neither mind nor presence to care for.
—" He didn't like how his voice sounded, so full of shaking instability, so…insecure. For once, he wished not to be burdened with an intelligence that knew the outcome of the situation. "No—John, I—you can't leave me. You swore, John. You promised—"
“If you can.”
The mystery which binds me still —
, I would give it to you gladly.”
His music was set at a blaring volume, the sound of an ambient guitar pulsing through the room, nearly rattling the windows. As he walked in further, he could see a pair of boots kicked off beside the sofa, a pair of long legs dangling off, tapping in time to the music. At the sound of the front door shutting, a head popped up.
“You should know me better than that.” He says quietly. “The rent’s what you want to talk about? Fine. The rent’s been paid for. By your brother. For a lifetime. Do you know why? Because he felt bad that you went and killed yourself in front of me, and that he was partially the reason why. The only thing keeping me in this flat is
Sherlock begrudgingly sets it aside as they trudge up the steps towards the great looming doors of the British Museum, padlocked and chained.
"John!"
“She liked seeing everything in gold." He muttered, scraping at a moss colony. "And, as I recall, you were called to private chambers far more often; she did love blondes.”
John flinched as he drew a particularly significant piece of shrapnel out. Sherlock pushed him back down, soothing him into peaceful memories; their night on the cliffs of Apanomeria, the white blocks of the city curving off beneath their feet towards the sea, deep and dark in the moonlight.
"The great Sherlock Holmes, undone by a Nobody that goes by the alias of John Hamish Watson." You know, sometimes I think I'll leave you while you sleep, so you wake up alone." Not-John gave a happy gasp and held up a hand as if to signal something. "Can you feel that?" Not-John breathed in his ear. "The coldness." He looked up, his face holding a terrifying wonder. "You know, I think I already have."
Later, Lestrade will sit in his apartment and wonder exactly what the hell happened that day, and what Mycroft told his superiors to not send a search team after him. In the ensuing chaos at the Yard, he was just another bystander while the important concern was bodies. Christ. He didn’t even know if there were casualties…hadn’t had the time to look before he was being ushered in that toff git Mycroft’s unassuming SUV, right behind Sherlock and Moran himself, handcuffed faster than you could say uncle and tossed unceremoniously into a seat across from His Highness Himself, Mycroft, and returned the stony glare Sherlock had pinned him under the whole car ride. What got to Greg most though, upon further reflection, was that the trip itself had been absolutely silent. Not a word spoken. Just that trifecta of men and their intense staring. He’d learned not to ask questions with Mycroft Holmes. They’d either be answered vaguely, or not at all.
I see.”
When he cranes his head around, to look at John over one, wet shoulder, his eyes are full, but there’s a smile teasing the corners of his mouth.
John’s jaw tightens, and he swallows down the emotion that still comes with the memory.
John lets out a giggle.
He reaches for his phone.
At Waitrose.
“Maybe I’m—anxious.
Yeah.
“Yeah.”
“You have the most remarkable body.”
John sits up a little straighter beside him.
“You’re ridiculous.”
And Sherlock turns again, finds the courage somehow to look John straight in his full, red-rimmed eyes.
Today she might be useful.
But this case…
“I can’t…”
John’s eyes flicker back down to his lap.
“Thought that wasn’t a done deal.”
He doesn’t feel like being dissected just yet.
He cards a hand through Sherlock’s hair, and presses his lips to his forehead, feels Sherlock relax against him, his arms sneaking up to slink under and drape over John’s waist, to pull him close.
He licks his lips.
Sherlock scowls down at his phone when no response is forthcoming.
He finishes washing the frying pan, sets it on the drying rack, and then dries his hands and heads for the lounge.
John makes it a request rather than an order.
“Mmm…”
“The mothers at the playground, more like.”
And once again John thinks Sherlock’s mum must be horribly picky if she thinks his playing is unacceptable, because it sounds beautiful beyond belief to John.
It’s whispered, fierce and without hesitation.
If I did something that gave you the impression that I didn’t want…”
“What is it?” John repeats, and for a moment he thinks Sherlock is going to cry.
“I’m just saying that we have all these letters, and I think they stretch over the whole of their relationship.
You’re not alone in that.”
Hears the soft shuffling of blankets, the click of the nightlight, the slight squeak of the door as John pulls it shut behind him, and then John’s slow tread on the stairs.
I assume the research has to do with your work?
“Yes.
Because Sherlock sees now.
And John stops talking, and then realises it, and then scowls.
It wasn’t worded as a question, but John heard it all the same.
Joan was so flabbergasted she almost choked on her own spit.
Or too creepy.
He has been such a fool, allowing himself to grow fond of this man, his warm gaze and bright smile clouding Mycroft’s judgment; To think he has considered the DI as someone kind and considerate while in truth…
He wasn’t that young, dashing soldier anymore.
Going to school.
Unfortunately, apart from the exciting opening of the box, the rest of the investigation didn’t turn out to be successful. The smaller case which has been hidden inside contained nothing but ashy powder and Mrs Dubusson wisely decided to send it to a private lab first rather than examining themselves. There was just no way to know if what Serge has sent to her revealed itself to be a threat to her and her family or if it was included in a prank intended to hurt her in her expertise about Da Vinci and her self-esteem.
The story would have ended there, with this unexpected acknowledgement of what they were for each other, if no other feeling has come into play.
John stopped at first, letting out a humourless little laugh.
The memory of the kiss they’ve shared didn’t help either.
John has never believed in it – so why has it happened just now??
Sherlock smiled. One thing was sure – life was never dull with Irene.
“Are you trying to get me drunk?”
If not worse, John thought.
“Okay. And the last one?” John asked.
“You’re right, kiddo and usually I wouldn’t have said anything. (He stroked the back of his neck awkwardly.) But I’m afraid it’s getting quite… a lot for you.”
“When you’re like this, I really think I have two children instead of one…”
was this man, exactly?
Such a rare sight.
She tried not to groan when she saw Molly biting her lip again.
Thanks to all, I love getting your comments and Kudos!
Blue-green eyes, a perfect Cupid’s bow in his upper lip and the slightest hint of stubble on his cheeks…
“Yes.”
– and cups of tea magically appearing in front of you.
“Not until you told me what’s wrong!”
He hasn’t understood a word except for his name, but… Gosh. Hearing the sibilant sounds rolling on Sherlock’s tongue, he suddenly felt like he was lying naked on his front, receiving the massage of his life. A situation which left him embarrassingly aroused. John cleared his throat several times, trying not to imagine Sherlock whispering unknown words in his ear while lovingly stroking him all over.
John smirked. Well, only one way to find out for sure, he thought, already feeling the thrill of the delicious chase awaiting him in the near future.
His letter has disappeared.
“Of course, it has deeply upset the whole organisation – if I can use this word. Some took advantage of this to get some old scores settled, the kind of thing you usually see when a boss kicked the bucket…”
"I thought it was one of those little games your friends loved to play with me. Like when we were both at the
Greg felt his ego deflating a little bit.
Sherlock looked down at the mobile in his hand. He knew that Mycroft’s increasing power was only one call away. One word from Sherlock and his big brother would take care of everything. Offering him a well-paid job, a decent flat, everything which was worth having in Mycroft’s eyes on a silver platter – Sherlock would have to pay the bill afterwards, of course, but it might be worth it only to get away from this place, this flat located just in front of the
When she has started to get to know Sherlock, she has believed her to be asexual. Or at least someone who didn’t feel desire or have sexual urges in the way most people do.
“And that’s exactly what I’ll do. Fucking you until you’ve screamed himself hoarse, until every neighbour of ours has heard you loud and clear, until I’ve marked you so thoroughly as mine everyone in London will know it!”
“Sher… Sherlock!” Joan cried out.
But, in deference to Sherlock’s feelings, which were certainly very different from her own, and to their friendship, Joan has repressed every thrill, every shiver which has racked without mercy her frame when she met Sherlock’s gaze a little too long or when they brushed against each other in the cramped space of the flat’s kitchen.
Looking for it on Sherlock’s face, when he called John his “conductor of light”, when they laughed together over Indian takeaway at 2 a.m or when Sherlock was deliberately riling up Lestrade’s officers just to make John turn his head away, smothering a grin.
John let out a small sigh, full of relief. Nothing better than a hot bath after a long walk in London, which has left him completely drenched to the skin, an unexpected downpour having caught him in near Piccadilly Circus.
Or the fluff before the smut ^^
Actually, it’s one of the things I liked about you, even if I never had the balls to tell you when you were here, beside me. Maybe I was afraid then you would stop if you knew.
She turned round, removing her coat before hanging it on the peg. She was moving slowly, with none of her usual grace or energy. Joan stared at her, bile rising in her throat, an anguished knot forming in her chest. She swallowed several times before asking
He was lying down on his sofa. It was rare that slumber found him like this. Usually, he had time to eat one of the meals which were stockpiled in his fridge, nicely ordered according to their expiration date, and to get ready for the night before slipping under the sheets of his double bed. He frowned – it wasn’t like him to behave in such an unusual manner. Ignoring the painful reminder of what happened today – nothing important has occurred, he ordered to his brain, which didn’t seem to have got this particular memo – he sat up.
She whimpered – a pitiful sound echoing in the flat.
“Still playing the hero, Freak?”
Mycroft’s blue-grey gaze seemed to bore right through him.
“Can I interest you in a drink, then?”
The combination of pale eyes, narrowed at this moment in a piercing and calculating gaze, dark hair cut very short, which emphasizes even more Sherlock’s angular face, full lips pursed in a defensive frown shouldn’t really work, but somehow it did.
Here, in Sherlock’s arms, being slowly and thoroughly seduced by this man, he felt safe.
“Why, Captain…”
“No,” John practically growled, looking up once again at Sherlock, who found himself pinned down under his friend’s darkened gaze. “No.”
A precocious child.
Anyway, enjoy!
“Eyes on me,
“I mean… about you being left out in Cox’s case.”
“Mummy is worried about you. So am I to be quite frank. I’ve let you alone long enough.”
She stopped, her breath loudly echoing in the sudden silence. Sherlock watched her, waiting for the inevitable question. And when it happened – “So, Mister Holmes, is this case interesting enough for you?” – he let his fierce joy shining in his eyes while replying
“My… Oh.”
No answer. Rosie remains still, her head stubbornly bent, her arms folded.
She choked on her words.
Because all those years ago, I met you and you're still the best thing which has happened to me.
“Sherlock?”
“But I’m not playing games here. All I did was an honest mistake and I’m sorry it happened in the presence of Yarders…”
“Rosie doesn’t like it.”
“You’re no fun, Johnny boy!” Helen has exclaimed yesterday, her nails mussing his hair.
As if he has sensed Sherlock’s intent – or was he waiting for it? – John came to a halt. He still wasn’t looking at the detective though and he remained two meters away from him. A deep silence fell between them, only disturbed by the sound of their quick, hard breath. Sherlock didn’t understand the sudden shift in John’s mood – hasn’t he flirted with him before? He could still hear John’s warm, languorous voice ordering him to kiss him. Has he imagined all the tension between them?
Mycroft softly rubbed his forehead.
“Let me in. I promise I’m worth a try.”
The first thing John Watson noticed when he came back to the room where he has left Sherlock, trying to open the door without dropping the heavy box in his arms – Serge Dubusson must really be crazy to send such a parcel to his sister, it had to cost a bloody fortune to consign it to France! – was Sherlock seated on a chair, shoulders slumped. His head was bent, mad curls fallen in disarray all around his face as if the detective has run his hands repeatedly in them. Although John couldn’t see clearly his face, Sherlock looked like the very picture of misery and John’s heart missed a beat.
Molly, that sum of paradoxes.
"I'm sorry," he softly repeated. "I... When you left the Honeybee for good, I realized that... I was missing you."
Something about that name clicked into place in Sherlock’s mind. He has come across that name before.
Her flatmate gave her an angry glare before huffing and finally undoing her blouse. Joan tried not to stare at the milky skin being slowly revealed or at the dark lacy bra. She decided instead to focus on the glaring bruise already blooming on Sherlock’s ribs. Joan’s clenched jaw and closed-off face contrasted with her gentle fingers as she delicately palpated the skin.
And they are many. A very long list, in truth.
“…and then I really felt like a fool, you know?”
“I… I don’t understand.”
“But… I texted you! You told me you’ll be here…”
John turned his head round, glimpsing a silver-haired man in his police uniform striding to them.
“I’m rude? Have you seen yourself? You look like the bloody Ripper!”
“We’ll leave this man in your competent hands, then. Come along, John.”
“Sherlock!”
The voice was raspy, as if it hasn’t been used for a while, but it was unmistakably
Nor was he sneering (for once) at the over-the-top slogans already celebrating Valentine’s Day – “Be my honey…bee!” and other similar silliness.
“It’s okay, John, it’s me who should be sorry. I thought…” He shrugged. “It doesn’t matter anyway. I completely understand you regret...”
John took a few more steps, edging away to the door.
“Lower you voice, I won’t have you making a scene. Especially not in this setting…”
“Come, Molly. It seems we have some things to talk over…”
He raised his hand to silence the overeager assistant.
The sharp thrill of the office phone cut her off and Mycroft couldn’t help groaning as Anthea answered with a swift “Yes?”
He moved closer to Sherlock, putting a hand on his shoulder in order to attract his attention.
“Hurry up,” John growled. He couldn’t stop himself from rolling his hips and gasped when he felt Sherlock’s hands stroking the bare skin of his legs.
Greg couldn’t deny it was an efficient policy to apply in most cases, people being visibly shaken up after their first encounter with Mycroft, grumbling a bit for their dignity’s sake before they complied with his wishes.
"I mean classy, John. Do your research."
“Where do you think you’re going?” he teasingly whispered.
She hasn’t expected this.
”), even when Lestrade’s colleagues called you freak and asked me how I can stand you…
Irene could read on his face the question he would love to ask.
John let out a broken “Please”, bucking up his hips, desperate for Sherlock’s touch.
Sherlock chose that moment to rub the hardness in his pants against John’s hip and the fantasy developing in John’s mind veered off course, taking a whole but no less delicious other path.
“Oh, for the love of… Are you going to help me or not? As Rosie clearly doesn’t want to listen to me…”
In his heart, he was Peter Pan, refusing to bend the knee to the grown-up world.
“Kiss me.”
“I didn’t…”
Sherlock gave a little sigh.
“Sorry. It’s just that…”
There was just no way of telling with these French people!
“I imagine you’re buying the next round?”
“John… I can’t…”
“Are you going out?”
Molly has carefully observed the whole set of instructions.
“I kissed you, yes. And I do intend to snog you a bit more, if you don’t mind.”
A sharp “No” echoed in the room.
That rule didn’t seem to apply when Sherlock was concerned, though.
His hand didn’t tremble as he opened one of his kits and surveyed his contents. Oh yes. It would do very nicely indeed!
Having recovered a bit of serenity, he comfortably leaned back against his chair and waited for Mrs Dubusson’s tale.
He balled his hands into fists before unclenching them almost immediately.
Irene has patted her hand, her smile gentle for once “Don’t waste your time waiting for him, Molly. He’ll never be the man you expect him to be. Move on.”
Mycroft let out a soft “tsk” at this and bending over, snatched the slip of paper. He wondered what it was – some invoice the good doctor was unable to pay? A letter to his sister? Or something else?
[Smelly cat just died. I thought he was sleeping but the old beast wasn’t breathing any more. SH]
The smirk didn’t disappear. Instead, it widened even a bit.
Dear old Mycroft.
“Come along, John, no time to waste!”
“You don’t… hips!...understand… He’s a friend.”
She has lovely breasts, big enough that he could dream of sliding his cock between them, leaving a wet trail behind. Jane has pushed him down on her bed, straddling him immediately afterwards, grinding her sex against his.
She raised a trembling hand towards Joan until her fingertips brushed against her cheekbone. Joan fought the temptation to lean into the unexpected touch and held her breath.
“That’s the least of my worries right now!” Sherlock replied. “Oh my God, I can’t believe it… Ring off, Mycroft, I really can’t talk to you… Even hearing your voice and… Eurgh!”
Greg guffawed at the other end of the line.
His mind bubbling with half-formed sentences, John didn’t pay a great attention to the option he was choosing on the phone. He only found out his mistake when hearing the first ringtone.
Half an hour later, he walked in the community garden. He didn’t waste any time, not bothering to say hello to the other members of the team – he made directly his way over to the mailbox and unlocked it. The young man has been true to his word. The arrangement was small, but carefully put together. The two flowers – one bearing purple bells, the other crowned with a bright red corolla – were kept hydrated thanks to a water tube. John could tell they have suffered a bit from last night, when the teenager has been caught in the act by John, hastily throwing them through the mailbox’s slot before taking flight.
Molly, who blushed deeply every time Irene made a lewd joke yet sometimes dared to reply.
“Fuck off, Mycroft,” Greg cut him off. “And now give me a good night kiss.”
He took a deep breath – yes, he could smell again this fantastic cologne!
He immediately forgot any annoyance he has ever felt towards the man.
Frowning at this comment that he perceived as a reproach, Sherlock retorted
Joan was about to nudge the door open and noisily announce her presence – another trick to get rid of the client who was clearly overstaying his welcome – when she heard
John stared at the headline before pulling out his mobile of his pocket.
In the darkness of the living room, only disturbed by the street lamps outside, Joan was sitting in her usual armchair, hands folded in front of her face in a poor imitation of Sherlock’s pose when she was seeking refuge in her Mind Palace.
Great. Sherlock was about to ring off, frustrated with himself and the DI, when the other man started to ramble on.
“Why?” Greg frowned. “It’s the truth.”
In the soft darkness, only disrupted by the lights from a nearby nightclub, Sherlock didn’t look inaccessible as before. In truth, John thought, he looked suddenly young and quite vulnerable. He watched him swallowing hard before saying “I wasn’t expecting you.”
She let out a gentle laugh.
Sherlock’s gaze darkened. He licked his lips.
How, when Harry finally stopped speaking, the silence engulfed them, shivers running down Johnny’s spine. It was his turn, his opportunity, he shouldn’t let Harry down, Harry who was watching him, her dark gaze begging him to tell them, tell them and…
“Tell me you love me. Tell me!”
He has nearly made this blunder, right after the first time Dave, Helen and the other members of his little group have noticed the man’s obvious ogling.
He was so preoccupied with the need to drive away any interloper he actually jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
He didn’t yet know what has come over Greg for behaving in such a manner towards him, but no worries, he’d suss them out.
Men. She pitied them sometimes.
Please, he thought, not the Russians again! Not today, at least; He really couldn’t deal with…
“Dream on, Watson!”
When he has been in full drag queen mode.
“Sherlock’s business is my own or have you forgotten?”
And it has been even worse when the seller, who has obviously been eyeing them from his shop, informed them that the statuette was depicting Bes, an old Egyptian deity, “the god of dance, feasts and sex”.
Her scream reverberated on the stone walls. Sherlock finally fell silent, the bafflement still present in his gaze, as if he couldn’t understand why she was so upset.
