“Just that someone so close to home could be such a despicable human being and that not many women who come to the shelter get a happy ending. By the way, Johnnyboy, this curry is delicious.”
Greg started laughing so hard that tears came down from his eyes. “No we didn’t. He did. You should have seen the boss man’s face when Sherlock lead him to the culprit. One of the other guards took a video of the whole thing. He even provided airtight evidence against the guy. Wait, I have the video on my phone. You have to see it.”
As John was reading over the exam, he could not help but smile. It was brilliant. Truly brilliant like the blog. Nothing reminiscent of the student from his class.
“Ginger beer sounds perfect. Now, come join me and tell your roommate slash captain what’s got you bothered.”
“Yeah actually. It’s kind of amazing how it all went down. The whole thing is wrapped nicely with a bow. Happy ending for Martha.”
John was surprised. No one at the university had heard from him for almost 3 years. John accessed Sherlock’s transcript before he realized what he had done. He looked away from the computer feeling guilty. “But this is an advanced course and I need to know if he is ready to take such an advanced course” he tried to reason with himself. “But I did not do this for any of the other students” he argued. He sighed and signed off from Sherlock’s transcript. He decided to look over all the student’s transcripts since he still had 33 minutes before the class. He was going to look at Sherlock’s transcript last. This was a great idea! It would provide him with a better understanding of the students in his class. He would be more equipped to know what his students knew or what they were interested in.
“One salted caramel mocha for the dashing young officer that keeps our university safe.” John called out as he entered the station.
The finals week approached before John knew it. He welcomed it and dreaded it at the same time. Neither of these feelings had to do with graduation or med school. He welcomed the end of school because his obsession with Sherlock had gotten out of hand. John found it difficult to be in the same room as Sherlock and to pretend that Sherlock was any other student. On the other hand, the dreaded the end of school because he was not going to be able spend three hours every week in the same room as Sherlock anymore.
“Then, everything else can wait. Shut up and take your damn exam.” John put a copy of the final on Sherlock’s desk.
“It’s all right. You can relax. I would enjoy some company, actually.” The woman gestured to the seat next to her.
“It went well. There was no knowledge exchange today anyways. There was something exciting about it though.” John answered.
John thanked Mike and sent him away to be alone with his irrational indignation. Sherlock was as brilliant as ever. However, John’s class was not an outlet for his brilliance. Sherlock would rather create a blog to pour his brilliance to. What was wrong with John that he did not deserve Sherlock’s brilliance? Why did John not get to argue with Sherlock over the merit of the papers they were reading in class? Why did not Sherlock think John was worthy enough to be challenged or questioned? John was furious now. He was jealous of everyone who had a chance to experience Sherlock’s brilliance.
Sherlock was done in 20 minutes. 20 minutes during which John attempted to piece together what Sherlock was telling him.
“What? Stop it. Don’t call Greg. How do you know I know Greg? Doesn’t matter. You do not cause me harm. I cause me harm. I am the one who should be sorry. I am. I am so very sorry that I tricked you.” Sherlock’s breathing had slowed down but his voice still had the exasperated tinge to it.
“Well, exciting for people who have been around longer than two years. You probably would not think much of it.”
Mike offered John one of the beers as he sat across from him. “Nothing really. It’s just that we found out at the women’s shelter today that one of the professors here was abusing his wife. It just hit a bit close home, you know?”
John contemplated whether or not to write his name on the board and then whether or not to distribute the syllabus to the empty seat. He decided to do the former but not the latter. After he wrote “John Watson” on the board, he erased it. He tried writing out “John Hamish Watson”, which he was not content with either. He finally wrote “John H. Watson”, which he decided looked dignified. It was still 35 minutes to class. He attempted to pass the time by pacing but it made him look deranged. He took a break from the pacing and checked the list of names taking his course. There was a last minute addition: Sherlock Holmes.
“There was no way you left without talking to me at all tonight. Plus, I thought you might have felt awkward about the whole situation.”
John sipped from his cup as he offered the other to Greg. “Don’t lie. You love it. Otherwise, you would not drink every single cup of coffee I bought for you.” John smirked.
John forgot how tiring this job could be when he had to take and give classes at the same time. On the minus side, he was teaching an advanced course for the first time meaning that it was a lot more work than teaching an introductory lab for the forth time. On the plus side, two of his four courses were independent research classes meaning that he got to make up his schedule. He had a three-hour seminar on Monday and another one on Tuesday. He was teaching the collab lab on Thursdays. Since he worked on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday as a janitor, he only had two tough days a week. Mondays and Thursdays. Tuesdays and Wednesdays were easier with either only going to class or going to work. He had three whole days to do his homework. That night was the end of his first week with classes and work. He wanted to sleep for the next three days. He would too if he let himself. But alas, he already had homework. That night, though, he did sleep like a log. And if he saw a pair of incandescent eyes ever changing its colors like the sea, he did not remember it in the morning.
“Well, then, you’re options are a salted caramel mocha or a snickerdoodle hot cocoa.” John gestured at the drinks he was holding.
Molly continued. “One of my friends just got dumped so she wanted to go out and party. We fancied dancing so we went to Phi Tau. We drank a bit too much. We were talking to some of the brothers and I mentioned that I wasn’t feeling great. One of them, whose name was Sebastian Wilkes, offered to let me use his room until I felt a bit better. I did not leave my friend but she said she could use the opportunity to hook up with one of the other brothers. So, I thought I could just recuperate for like fifteen minutes in Seb’s room before I had to walk home. He led me to his room. He went in first. After I joined him, he closed and locked the door. He promptly told me that I was to blow him if I wanted to get out. I froze up. He added that I could scream all I want but no one would hear me because of the music downstairs. I…” Molly cleared her throat. “He eventually let me out of the room. I got out the frat house and was walking home when I ran into Sherlock. You know of him, yeah? He took one look at me and he told me it wasn’t my fault, the guy was an asshole and he could walk me to the campus security. I was still in shock when I ran into him. I was not functional enough to think clearly enough to report Seb. Anyways, Sherlock’s eccentric honesty snapped me out of it, we went to the campus security and that’s where I met you. Yadee yadee yada. Greg was worried about the case turning into an impossible “he said she said” one. Sherlock went behind our backs and put cameras in Seb’s room. Last weekend, he tried to pull same shit on another girl and it’s all on video.”
John had been nervous about this first class. The cold sweats kind of nervous. But Sherlock had made him nervous in a different way. The warm and fuzzy kind of nervous. John kept waiting Sherlock to correct him like he has previously done with many professors. Professors! People with actual graduate degrees and years of experience!! That was an empty worry on John’s part since he did not actually teach anything this first class. It was not like Sherlock could correct the syllabus. This would not surprise you if you knew John. He was smart. Very smart. However, John did not think with his head. He thought with his heart. So irrational fears came with the territory of thinking with one’s heart.
He checked the time. It was ten minutes until the class had to start. He scoffed. At least the revelation of seeing Sherlock Holmes on the rooster kept him occupied for over twenty minutes and helped him forget about his nervousness.
“It’s free coffee at one in the morning. Of course, I am going to drink them.” Greg grumbled. He made a face as he took his first sip. Pretending to not like something was hard work. However, Gregory Lestrade never shied away from hard work.
“Mike’s your roommate? I mean I figured you guys were friends but roommates? There is always something isn’t there? And for the record I was not worried. I think that is an excellent idea.” Sherlock retorted.
Sherlock was rendered completely speechless. He opened and closed his mouth a couple of times but no sounds were coming out.
For John, best part about this job was meeting Greg. Well, the money first and meeting Greg second. John was a popular guy. He was the youngest student to ever make rugby captain. (He became the captain as a sophomore!) He was able manage being “Three Continent Watson” and having the reputation of a nice guy. While holding two part time jobs (the night janitor one and the teaching assistant one), he still participated in various clubs. All kinds of students loved John. The jocks loved him. Duh, the youngest rugby captain ever. The nerds loved him because John was a not-so-secretly a huge nerd. The LGBTAQ+ community loved him because John was out (as bi) and proud. He was involved in many of their activities. Many people considered John a friend. He partied with the wild ones and spent his days at the library studying with the studious ones. On the other hand, John considered almost everyone an “acquaintance”. To him he had two true friends: Mike and Greg. It wasn’t that he was faking being the life of a party. He genuinely liked people and enjoyed treating people with kindness. However, he had a somewhat rocky life. He felt like his current life was hanging on by a thread. One missed payment and everything would come down like a house of cards. So in his minds, “friend” meant that he could really count on that person. And people you can depend on do not grow in trees. John felt luck that he found two! One of them thanks to this job.
After that night, Greg mentioned Sherlock a lot more. Even on numerous occasions, Greg recruited Sherlock’s help on solving some tough cases. While Greg never gave any details on the cases (especially on Molly’s), it was crystal clear that Greg respected and even admired Sherlock’s brilliance. Moreover, after that night, Molly and John grew close. They both were pre-med. They both were TAs. Most importantly, Molly’s nerdiness matched John’s nerdiness. First, John had sent Molly a message on facebook apologizing for not saying goodbye. They had started to talk and decided to meet for coffee. Now, they met for coffee once a week at least.
A couple of weeks into their weekly coffee dates, Molly was happier than John had ever seen her. They got a white chocolate hot cocoa and a toffee almond hot cocoa along with a brownie, a chocolate chip cookie and two cake pops.
A short while later, Greg opened the closet door. “Is there a specific reason you are hiding in here?”
“Have you ever heard of the high school kid who used to take classes here a couple of years ago? He was very smart but he really annoyed a lot of people including some very important professors.”
To the contrary of John’s irrational fears, Sherlock was an upstanding student. He was appropriately early for the class. He sat in the middle row. He neither dosed off nor disturbed the class. He was quite attentive but not to a scary amount. He did not ask a single question throughout the class. However, he answered questions when he was asked. What more could John want?
“A friend of mine is giving his testimony to Greg. Well, he is not really my friend. More like a kind stranger. I am done. I don’t even know why I am waiting for him.”
“I think the Sherlock in my class is terribly handsome but he is also boring, ordinary and not worth of my very limited time.”
“No, I didn’t.” Greg chuckled. “Smart but highly annoying sounds about right. He annoyed the boss man so much that all the guards have heard of what happened.”
There was a reason graduate students usually taught the Collab labs: It included writing a research paper and grading research papers require a lot more experience reading research papers than a regular undergraduate education provides. When the department had no choice but to give this position to John, a professor gave him a tutorial on how to write proper research papers. “A common mistake undergrads do” he had explained “is they think too highly of previously done research. They try to summarize and talk about the awesomeness of studies they like. That is not how you write a proper research paper. You use previously done research as your tools. You take an important finding and use that as part of your reasoning for the current research study you are doing. Which brings me to another common mistake undergrads do. They add their comments to the literature review. I don’t fucking care what the student thinks. The best literature reviews have a reference after almost every sentence. Sometimes, seemingly most obvious things don’t turn out to be true. That’s why there should always be a previously done research to back up all the student’s statements.” The prof also provided John with numerous examples of good and bad research papers. John had found that writing a good literature review was kind of like setting up a domino display. One needed to take distinct tiles and arranged them in such a way that they flowed perfectly.
“One butterbeer latte for the dashing young officer that keeps our university safe.” John called out as he entered the station.
As John packed up his stuff, he told himself to be content. The first class he ever taught of an advanced course went very smoothly. He should be content. He stopped by the flat he shared with Mike, a fellow pre-med student who was also his rugby mate, to grab dinner. He went to the refrigerator to get his leftover Chinese food from the previous night. There was a note on the refrigerator saying “Johnnyboy, I am leaving for the women’s shelter. I’ll probably be asleep by the time you come back from work. I hope you first Collab lab went great! I can’t wait to hear all about it!!!” John smiled. Mike Stanford was one of the nicest people you could ever meet. He was friendly to everyone and very considerate. Of course, Mike would leave him a sweet note on his way to volunteer at a women’s shelter.
“Ok, then. I am officially your instructor until I am done with your final. Let me grade it here and then we can go somewhere else to talk, yeah?” John looked into the incandescent eyes with the color of the sea.
John bites his lip.  He trusts Sherlock, and he believes Sherlock knows his own limits.  The fact that he’s drawing a line here is significant, and John deeply respects him for it.  He leans down and steals another kiss, tender and deep, before pulling away and looking Sherlock squarely in the eye.  “Alright.  How about you top me this time?”
“Or maybe chocolate.  I’d fill it up with those little round Swiss chocolates you get sometimes.  I’d say they were for the clients, but really I’d eat them all myself.”
“Sherlock and I share a bedroom.”  He’d said it plainly, honestly, without any hint of underlying insinuation.  As though it were just a random fact he was nonchalantly acknowledging.
And when he is done, John tells Sherlock to relax and recover a bit while he makes him something to eat.  Sherlock floats on a lazy river of dopamine until John reappears with a full glass of water and grilled cheese sandwich.  He helps Sherlock sit up and keeps one arm wrapped around him reassuringly as he feeds him the sandwich, one delicious bite at a time.  Sherlock licks at John’s fingers as John nuzzles his neck, telling him how
“I know you are interested in me. When you are close to me, your pulse gets higher - signaled by your faster respiration rate - and your pupils dilate. All I wanted to do was to prove you wrong. I wanted you to kick yourself in the ass for making inept judgments about others. I wanted to you to like me. And you did. And it has been awful. Because this is not me. I am not this person you are interested in. I am not this respectable, sensible, smart-but-not-too-smart person. I don’t have friends. Like I’m sure you think the other students in the class were my friends because we were friendly but we are most definitely not. I am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all around obnoxious asshole anyone can possibly have the misfortunate to meet. I don’t expect that I will ever have any friends. I am intolerable. I still am everything I was all those years ago.” Sherlock was hyperventilating.
As Anderson was walking away, someone bumped into John. John was about to apologize but the person kept on walking. John was about to call the person out for being a jerk when he recognized the person. Sherlock Holmes. The kid must have been right behind them.
“Sherlock, please sit. Slow down.” John was at a loss. “I am sorry if my inappropriate feelings are causing you anguish. You don’t have to take the exam. I will go to the Dean right now and report myself. I’m sure they will give you the grade you deserve when they read your blog. Everything will be fine. Why don’t we call someone for you? Should we call Greg? Would that make you feel safer?”
"So there is a person, who may or may not be John, that you want to have a relationship with," she summarizes. Sherlock takes a deep breath, exhales, and then nods.
“Perhaps Mycroft will let you interrogate one that he has in custody,” he said instead.  He couldn’t keep the grin off his face at the idea.  John sighed.
"I think for plausible deniability's sake I'm not saying the person is John," he says after a moment. Mrs. Hudson chuckles.
They're silent for a long while, Sherlock picking at his food and Mrs. Hudson patiently drinking her tea waiting for him to crack. The kettle goes off and Sherlock busies himself with getting himself a mug. It was going to be up to her, then.
"Well I think you might be overthinking it a bit, first off. You don't want to be too vague, because the other person might not understand. And too 'business like' isn't all that better either. One thing that's important is if you believe the other person likes you the same, then you can move forward with some confidence."
“John,” he whispered, uncertain.  The man looked up at him and the expression on his face- Sherlock finally understood John’s anger.
"I could have come with you, you complete bastard.  Look at the state of you.  You can barely keep yourself alive.  You're dehydrated, starving, broken, scratched and beaten.  You survived the jump but you might have—"
"You've already laid your life on the line for me several times.  From the day we met, you accepted the weight of murder on your consciousness and the slight chance that you could have been imprisoned for life.  You took that risk, for me," Sherlock gave John a quick glance.  His expression was unreadable.
"I haven't the faintest. Are you making tea?" he asks, stepping past her and towards the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson sighs.
And then John giggled quietly.  His cane was propped up on the side of the couch, he'd forgotten it entirely.
“Jesus.  Shit, shit Jesus!” he shouted, causing Sherlock to jump.  He grew even more concerned when John let himself slide down to the tiled floor.  “You’re telling me they aren’t all dead, you couldn’t have just lied and said the fucking bastards were—” he cut himself off and took a few more deep breaths.  Sherlock sat rigid; he’d never seen John so agitated.
John nodded and turned to root through his medicine cabinet.  He paused, leaning heavily against the sink to take a few deep breaths.  Sherlock noted the rising tension in his shoulders, the jerky movements of his hands.  He wondered what it meant.  John opened up a bag of cotton balls and poured some antiseptic on them.
John came out with some lightly buttered toast and placed it in front of Sherlock on the footstool.  Sherlock picked a slice up and took a tentative bite.  The bread felt thick on his tongue, the texture scratched at his throat as he swallowed.  After the third bite he physically did not want to chew anymore, and could barely bring up the urge to swallow.
The soft overhead light of the living room flickered on, not as stark as the kitchen glow, but enough to illuminate the person taking a kip on his sofa.
He couldn’t see into the kitchen from this angle, but no shadows played on the furniture in the tiny combined living room and dining room area. Perhaps the perpetrator was hiding in his bedroom or the bathroom therein. Or maybe they had already left.
"No, no.  It needs to be changed. I just need. I don't.  I just need you to—" Sherlock fumbled for words and felt even worse, more embarrassed than shying away from the touch.  "I need contact.  I need to adjust.  Just.  Put your hands on my arm and don’t move."
Sherlock's face falls immediately. "And what if," he says softly, "You have no idea how the other person would react?" He begins to fidget with the cuff of his dressing gown, not looking her in the eye. He looks wildly uncomfortable discussing any of this. Oh, her heart aches for this young man.
"I did. I'm old, Sherlock, not blind," she says affectionately. He swallows heavily, reaching for his tea.
"That poor man, you could do the shopping once in a while, Sherlock," she scolds, sitting down to wait for the kettle to tick. Sherlock merely snorts and picks at his plate.
"Then you should try to find out how John feels and move forward from there," she says. Sherlock freezes. He slowly looks up to meet her eye.
"I am, aren't I?  This wasn't supposed to go this way at all; why did I fall asleep?" he groaned, smacking himself in the forehead.  He was doing a lot of wild gesticulating, which sometimes happened when the man was far past exhausted.
"The wrist, broken a year ago in Siberia.  I had gotten discovered by Moriarty's chapter there," he explained.  John’s eyes jerked up towards his, then back to his arm.
there's no change in her boys upstairs. Sherlock only looked sour when she tried to mention it again, and John (when she sees him) seems not to be any the wiser. Now, she usually prided herself on being a patient, level headed woman. However, there were just a few things that she could not wait around and let Sherlock figure out on his own.
John blinks, looking as though he's been bowled over. She nearly asks if he's alright when he gives himself a small shake and finally focuses back on her.
His heart pounded a steady beat in his ears, driving a wave of calm through his veins.  The man raised his cane in a defensive position and cautiously entered the flat, keeping his back to the kitchen.  He planned on checking out the bedroom when something shifted in the corner of his eye.  There was something on the couch; mostly obscured by shadow and not easily visible from the entryway.  He cursed himself for not noticing sooner.
"When was your last tetanus shot?" he asked.  Not when were you attacked.  Not who attacked you.  John was keeping a clinical distance.  Sherlock fought down the panic in his throat.
"You won't be reading about it either. Turned out the killer was a rather poor assassin hired by the government. They're covering the whole thing up," he says as he sits, waving his hand in that dismissive manner of his.
"I-The shower.  I'll go use it now if that is alright with you," he said and got up.  John didn’t stop him.
He'd assured her that he would inform her if any progress was made (he didn't want her accidentally asking John about it. Like she would be that careless!) And so Mrs. Hudson gives John a bit of a knowing smile when she sees him and keeps her fingers crossed for Sherlock.
"Oh, I'm sorry dear, I'm just happy for you. You've never really shown interest in anyone the whole time I've known you, and I'd love to help you out. Now, what advice do you need? Other than sexual because I'm an old woman and there's no reason to dig up any of that nonsense."
There were a number of things that John wanted to do at the moment.  Except his brain had slowed to a halt so he couldn’t think of them and his body was frozen so he wouldn't be able to perform these things if his mind had the decency to think of them in the first place.
"Alright.  You've slept, you've eaten. Now it's time for you to explain." John said finishing up his own piece of toast and leaning back on the sofa (away from Sherlock as well).  John stared at him, seemingly through him, and Sherlock was suddenly self-conscious that he decided to wear John's robe.
And there was more, there was so much more to explain, but John’s jaw was slack and his fists were balling up.  The man floundered for a bit until he found the right words.
"Oh god no, I can't even imagine Sherlock dating. He's far more interested in a dead body than any live one," John jokes.
John stared at him for a moment and then sighed.  It was his deep, shuddering sigh reserved for the moments when he has accepted the newest thing Sherlock has done to cause trouble.  It sounded beautiful.  John picked up his neglected mug and swished the tea around for a moment.
"So what have you boys been up to? I know you had that one big case recently, but John hasn't put anything up on that website of his."
"You can barely stay awake, can you?" John asked, straightening up to relieve the pressure on his legs.  Sherlock glared at him.
"Relationships," he finally says, blurting it out. "You've had...experience with romantic, sexual, what-have-you relationships." He says it as a statement but she hears the question in his voice.
Sherlock had remained facing the headboard, his head sagging between his arms.  John couldn’t see any visible sign of injury, but he knew something must be
He looks down at the candle still clutched in his left hand.  There’s a new pool of melted wax forming.  Just enough to--
But he can’t ignore the demanding hardness of Sherlock’s length pressing against his own abdomen.  Sherlock isn’t a brat about it, for once; he doesn’t thrust up against John’s jelly-limbed form or make whiney, impatient noises while shifting restlessly underneath him.  He lets John bask in the afterglow, revel in satisfaction, until he’s ready to be finished.
“Um… yeah, I guess so.  I wouldn’t really have guessed it.  Though looking back, he was always pretty quiet when we were all exchanging… um… anecdotes of a person nature.”
He manages to pinch some of the finer hairs at the base of Sherlock’s neck.  It’s not as easy as it had been before his haircut, of course, but he still manages to get a reasonably firm grip-- at least, enough to stimulate him.
“Good.  Then let’s begin, shall we?  Flip over, you, hands and knees.”  Sherlock grins up at him as withdraws his fingers and scrambles into position, and John feels his heart rate increase as he stares down at the two round, perfect globes of Sherlock’s glorious arse.  He places his hands firmly onto them and kneads them, giving himself a moment to appreciate the beauty of those distractingly fleshy mounds and the way they feel, muscular yet somehow still soft, beneath his commanding hands.
It was beautifully, gloriously, deliriously stimulating, and Sherlock loved and loathed in in equal measure.
“Very well, then.”  Sherlock does his best to look unphased.  After all, there was nothing to worry about; he simply needed to climb up two flights of stairs without blowing his load.  Nothing he doesn’t do every day, he mentally reasons (granted, not nude and on all-fours, but how much would that
“Good.”  John takes two steps back and crosses his arms.  “You can move your hands now.  Take off your suit jacket and shirt.  Don’t fold them, just put them down next to you.  I’ll watch.”
that John does to keep their household running, so that Sherlock doesn’t have to.  He grips the bannister and sways with guilt.
You did the math once. You walked from your flat to the Tube stop. You walked down the steps and into the station. You waited for the train. You even let a train pass by without boarding, just to give the universe a bit of an advantage. You boarded, rode the four stops until the surgery. Then you walked to the surgery. Nobody spoke to you. Nobody even lifted their eyes to look at you unless you were in their direct path. Nobody saw you, not really. And isn’t that how machines are? They only speak to each other in little ones and zeroes. Beep boop. They only interact with real humans if the human punches in a code, and from what you’ve learned from the chip-and-PINs, some of them have to be punched
“This,” Sherlock said, gesturing between the two of them. “You and I. This is permanent. This is not meant to end. We will remain
When they reached the path—flat and worn and safe—John’s legs went out from under him. He collapsed onto his back, panting. It felt as if the whole of him was shaking, all the way down to the tips of his fingers.
John managed to break himself free, holding Sherlock’s pumping hips back just long enough to look up and catch his eye. Sherlock gave a whine, wrecked eyes staring down at John. He looked like the darkest of clouds, flickering with lightning, foreshadowing an apocalypse.
The women by the window were giggling at John after Sherlock left, casting knowing looks at each other.
“You know,” he said, “to get divorced, you have to present the court with a reason for your divorce. ‘Facts,’ they call them. You have five facts to choose from. Only the five.”
John did his best to incorporate this new information into his brain. It seemed as if he had learned more about Sherlock’s romantic history in the past twenty-four hours than he had in the three years he had known the man. “How long has it been?” John asked. “Since the last time you were in a relationship? A real one, I mean.” He nodded at their joined hands.
John had been dreaming. He was always dreaming these days, it seemed. It was the sleep deprivation, he reminded himself. His exhausted body dipped right into REM sleep as soon as he closed his eyes, desperate for the restorative type of shut-eye it had been denied ever since Rosie came into the world. John also reminded himself that sleep deprivation tends to make one’s dreams a bit weird. In an effort to reap the benefits of the REM cycle it had heretofore been denied, the brain goes a bit off-kilter with the dreaming. That’s all it was, really.
“So,” Birdy said, crossing her legs and settling in. “Hugh told me you two are from London. What do you do there?”
important that we get the two of you out of this flat.” He stood, waving his hands for them to get up. “Regent’s Park. Get your coats, the both of you.”
A memory of the night before flickered in John’s mind, the two of them in bed together, Sherlock pressed to John’s arm, hand on his chest. John asking him not to go. The two of them drifting off, nearly close enough for their noses to touch, while a sheep was being sliced open by the werewolf the two of them were meant to be hunting.
The air was damp and cold, and as John’s eyes adjusted to the dim light he could see rock walls all around them. The boat dipped and bobbed in the water, jostling about as the waves rolled in and padded across the walls. An opening in the rocks just ahead revealed a patch of dim sky, a cloud-covered sun weakly shining on grey waters.
Another door slammed open. There was the sound of distant shouting, the scrabbling of feet on concrete. Something crashed. Cursing.
“Is this something we do now?” Sherlock asked. There didn’t seem to be even a hint of emotion in his voice.
“I—” he started, but couldn’t quite find the ending to that sentence. So instead he stepped forward into Sherlock, tentative hands touching at the lapels of Sherlock’s jacket, and pressed a kiss onto Sherlock’s lips.
John watched the corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch upwards. “Good,” Sherlock said. He stepped closer to John, their arms pressed together.
,” John said, louder this time. He shook at Sherlock’s side, jostling him into wakefulness. “Sherlock, wake up.”
This morning, however, Sherlock seemed a bit less certain about the potential of leaving John alone on an island due for another visit from a murderer. He stepped into John’s touch, warm against his hands. “I’m serious, John,” he said quietly. “Will is now more dangerous than ever. Exercise great caution.”
The ferry pulled up to the pier and Sherlock started the car, pulling out of the ferry and onto the mainland. The island was small—no more than 50 kilometers across, Sherlock told him—and the road was dirt-lined and narrow, surrounded by towering trees on both sides. The trees blotted out the light from the sky, casting shadows across the road and bringing about the closest thing to nighttime John had seen since they arrived. The sudden near-darkness cast an ominous feel to the whole situation, and John ran a hand over the gun tucked neatly in his pocket.
“I think,” John said, “that I’m a fool. The biggest bloody fool on the planet, it would seem. Possibly the universe.”
“I thought about you underneath me,” Sherlock said. “Filling you up. Making you scream.” In the darkness, Sherlock’s voice was a disembodied growl, a low baritone that seemed to be coming from nowhere and everywhere, slipping into John’s ears and driving him wild with need.
Sherlock pressed his forehead against John’s. His breaths were heavy on John’s face. They smelled of alcohol. The ground was hard and rough against John’s back. It tore at his jacket. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. Just behind them, Appledore was burning to the ground, the nothingness its vaults boasted receding into ash. The fire turned the air boiling. Everything was aflame.
“What for?” John asked. “Do you think the killer has cameras across the town? He’s supposed to be back at our flat, right? Breaking locks so he can murder us later?”
But his arm was drenched with blood and his shirt was torn and soaked in red nearly past the elbow and he had that slash across his neck dripping in thin rivulets down the pale skin and John could have killed the surgeon right then. He could have slammed the man’s head into the floor, clenched his fingers around the man’s neck, sent his fists wailing into the man’s skull until nothing remained but a pulp. He could have pressed the muzzle of his gun to the surgeon’s forehead and pulled the trigger, of course, but a quick death was too good for the man. John would have started at his kneecaps.
“You do,” Sherlock said. “It’s obvious. Your posture changes. You look relieved. You try to hide a smile, but fail most of the time.” His eyes flitted over to John. “Why?”
Sherlock, for once, said nothing. John supposed that getting the last word in with Sherlock would feel much more satisfying if the whole thing wasn’t happening in his own bloody head.
As the saline cleared away the dried blood along Sherlock’s neck, John was relieved to see that the wound was quite shallow indeed. The bleeding had already stopped, and John wagered that the whole of it would heal up in a matter of days, unlikely to even leave a scar. John pressed a dry piece of gauze over the gash and secured it with a plaster. Possibly overkill, that, but John didn’t want to risk infection.
John made some sort of moaning noise in response and nearly told Sherlock that he could touch wherever he wanted.
John finished with the buttons. He straightened Sherlock’s collar, brushed some of the wrinkles out of his shirt. If Sherlock didn’t know any better, he would say that John wasn’t ready to stop touching him. However, Sherlock knew better. With effort, John looked up at Sherlock. His brow furrowed.
“Alright,” John said. He pulled on a set of latex gloves, wincing a bit at the pull of the material over his raw skin, and laid out his supplies. He opened a bottle of saline and poured a splash onto a piece of gauze. He glanced up at Sherlock as he lowered the gauze over his arm. “This might sting.”
John forced his legs to haul him along the field and up the hilly path towards the west end of the island at a decent clip. They gave out a dull ache but mostly complied; it seemed as if his body was finally growing used to all of the climbing. He crested the hill and stared out at the expanse of island before him. Another long hike today, it would seem.
“Oh,” John said, feeling as though he had been ever so slightly stabbed. “Right. No. I mean…” he glanced up at Sherlock, bearing more resemblance than he’d like to a fumbling teenager. “Do you not want it to be?”
John paused on the hill, watching the line of tourists descend towards the harbor. Everything seemed to be peaceful, the tourists quiet and tired after a day of adventure. John spied Sherlock towards the bottom of the hill, an elderly woman clinging to his arm as he helped her down the steep rock path that led to the harbor. John smiled at the sight. Then his brain reminded him that if Sherlock was down at the base of the island, helping out the tourists...
“Hush,” John said, stepping closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes widened at his approach, glistening in the lights. He was beautiful, John thought, and it was utterly unfair that this was to be the only time for them.
“Fine,” John said, shrugging off his jacket and tossing it onto the floor. “Fine. Your way.” He lifted his jumper over his head, turning his hair into a muddled mess once he popped free. “Always your way.”
John caught up to Sherlock in the field, although he could see from a ways off where Sherlock was headed. A sheep had met its end in the night all right, and John didn’t need to get particularly close to know that it had been sliced through the middle like all the others. The rain had taken hold of the sheep’s blood and entrails, sweeping them down the hill in a long, gory trail. The remaining sheep seemed to be keeping their distance, and John couldn’t say he blamed them.
made him look at the events of yesterday morning in a different light. John smacked himself on the brow. No. That way lay madness. All of this was irrelevant, after all.
Sherlock’s head felt wrong without John’s hand on it. He shut his eyes anyway—it was much easier than warring against his heavy eyelids any longer. Whatever John had been on about was already fading away, vanishing like smoke in the night. The world was black and pulsing, spinning gently around the edges. Sherlock felt like the only person in this black world, floating purposelessly through the nothingness. His chest lurched and he felt his limbs give a twitch. He didn’t like the emptiness he was in. It was blank and boring and he missed John, even if John was fussing over him for nothing. John would leave soon, he knew. He would go back upstairs to his own bedroom and Sherlock would be alone alone alone.
“I can be rid of whatever I wish,” Sherlock said, his voice shaking from the cold. “I have control over my mind, John. I have say over what stays and leaves.” Even as he spoke the words, he knew they weren’t quite true.
John tugged a flannel from the side of the tub and ripped it into the water, bunching it around his crotch. “Sounds interesting,” he said. “Any chance we can continue this conversation after I’m out of the bath?”
John gripped his needle holders with a steady hand and tugged the needle from its packaging, a long tendril of nylon suture thread following. He lifted a pair of forceps in his other hand and leaned forward, poised over the gash in Sherlock’s arm. “Ready?” he asked.
Sherlock had positioned himself midway up the little hill that sloped into the back of the field, his feet pointed in the direction of the quiet ocean, perching above the slumbering sheep as if keeping watch. When John came closer, he noticed that Sherlock had laid back in the field, his face towards the heavens. Sherlock turned his head as John approached, blinking at the glow from the head-lamp.
,” he says, grabbing your arse with both hands and thrusting you into him. And you’re the one who bloody yelps as he shoves himself against you and starts you on a rough rhythm. You catch up quickly and move against him at the pace he sets but he doesn’t let go, fingernails digging into your arse, making certain you don’t let up.
“Yes,” he says. “And in that time, we’ve shagged twice, broke into a bank, and killed a man. Seems like the time for taking it slow has rather passed, don’t you think?”
“Right,” John said, “you shouldn’t. If you are correct with your first choice, you shouldn’t switch. If you are incorrect with your first choice, you
“What happened here?” she asked, gesturing at the back of the jacket. The fabric was nearly tattered, scratched to pieces and torn in more than a few areas. It looked as if it had been dragged repeatedly over a jagged surface.
Lestrade shrugged. “Maybe,” he said. “Certainly sounds like Sherlock. But that’s not exactly what I’m talking about.”
The man—who John assumed was Monty Hall—was tall, with brown hair and enormous sideburns. He held a slim silver microphone, and everyone in the audience appeared to be very fond of him.
“Kitchen,” Sherlock said. The bathroom, he knew, was a more appropriate spot for wound-cleaning and dressing changes, but the kitchen was closer.
Sherlock’s fingers drifted over the raised skin of John’s scar. The skin was puffy and white, telling of an angry infection in areas. It reminded John a bit of the scars that lined Sherlock’s back.
“You won’t be around to see it, of course,” Gilly said. “But I assure you, Sherlock, the two of you will be very much dead in a few short moments.” She considered. “Well. The term
Sherlock seemed to select where they would walk and the shops they would enter based solely on the number of human bodies already occupying said space, the more densely packed the better. More witnesses, it would seem.
“We know Hugh,” one of the officers said. “Hugh takes an interest in a person and then takes it a little too far. Wouldn’t surprise me if he took it
Sherlock’s finger pressed forward slightly, enough for John to feel it but not enough to breach him. “Can you be still?” Sherlock asked.
want to have remembered it? If you could forget it, have the whole night drop from your brain, wouldn’t you?”
manner he had when talking to members of the press he could tolerate long enough to avoid verbally vivisecting them when their questions strayed from the topic of his brilliance. John had heard Sherlock say it thousands of times at this point, nearly as much as John watched Sherlock dodge questions as to whether the two of them were romantically involved.
John wasn’t certain he was breathing anymore. He kept his arm wrapped firmly around Sherlock, keen to hold on for as long as he could, which only seemed to be a few remaining moments. “So,” John said. “You thought you might’ve…” He swallowed and it hurt. “But you didn’t.”
“First of all,” Sherlock said, returning to his perch on the back of his chair just behind John, his knees on either side of John’s shoulders. “There hasn’t been a single goat on the whole of the show. Has there, Watson?”
Based on the angle of the light coming through the windows, Sherlock estimated that it was about half-six in the morning. Rosie was a prompt riser; he and John had approximately thirty more minutes of rest before she came screaming back into consciousness. Rosie tended to greet the day with an enthusiasm that was largely vocal.
“I’ve done the math,” Sherlock said. “Most contestants leave the show with something of cash value, usually around four hundred American dollars. Adjusting for inflation, that is just under three thousand American dollars today. Just over two thousand pounds. Hardly a
“Learn anything of interest on the mainland?” John asked, setting the boxes on the table with possibly a bit too much force. He was rather more out of breath than he’d like and his legs ached. He wondered if he would ever get used to all these bloody hills.
“I missed you,” Sherlock said. He tucked his knees behind John’s, his chest pressed to John’s back. The mattress creaked. “Your insistence on sleep is proving once again to be a barrier for our quality time.”
A string of curses was on its way out of his mouth when Sherlock made the mistake of opening his eyes. The room may have been objectively dim—it was dark outside, the lamp was off—but the light that spilled in from the hallway seemed something akin to being stared down by a sea of oncoming cars with their high-beams screaming. Sherlock felt as though a hammer had somehow worked its way inside his head and was trying to smash its way back out again and he pinched his eyes shut immediately, the string of curses increasing in volume and detail as he did so.
While they were giving their statements, Detective Inspector Adams returned from the cottage. She had an officer collect Sherlock and John’s luggage, seeing as their cottage was now a crime scene and their holiday was officially over.
Sherlock’s throat had closed up. That thing inside of him was very close to breaking now. He could feel it start to splinter.
John wasn’t particularly sure it would help. The presence of someone else in his bed never seemed to impact his nightmares very much. They came and they went, very much outside of John’s control. Ordinarily, he would be too ashamed for Sherlock to see him in such a state, sweat-drenched and shaking like some small deer. However, it would seem that particular ship had already sailed.
He slipped back into the nothingness again, the emptiness. The world was still gently swaying, the way the ground remained unsteady after a long boat ride. Sherlock’s mind was muddy; wading through the thick of everything was impossible. He seemed to have lost proprioception again, floating alone in the emptiness. He had nothing there with him, not even himself. No thoughts. No memories. No John.
Sherlock nodded. His breaths seemed to be growing unsteady again. “In the dreams, I’m too slow,” he said. “In the dreams, I don’t save you.”
Adams sighed. She gestured towards a few nearby officers. “We’ll do a sweep of the cottage,” she said. She walked off to bark orders at the officers.
for another person,” Sherlock snapped. “Because based on my observations of your own romantic history, I would dare to say that
John stood over him, arms crossed over his chest. John wasn’t a single-celled organism, not in the literal sense, anyway. He still had arms that folded and a chest that expanded and a mouth that twisted at its side and eyes that looked down at him with a hint of crystal concern.
Slowly, John raised an arm, draping it over Sherlock’s, clasping Sherlock’s hand in his. He waited for Sherlock to pull away. Sherlock remained still.
Sherlock peered inside the sheep’s innards. “Torn apart,” he said. He glanced over his shoulder, looking at the carnage the rain had swept down the hill. “Unceremoniously. Just like the others.” He lowered his hand, closing the sheep back up. He narrowed his eyes, thinking.
Sherlock nodded. In the dark of the room, John could barely see the outline of Sherlock’s face, occasionally flickering with the lightning through the window.
“First,” Sherlock slid aside a corner of the curtain with a finger, “we find him. Then we catch him.” He nodded in the direction of the coat-rack by the door, where his Belstaff hung. “In my coat pocket you’ll find your gun.”
John watched Sherlock try to fight the smile that crept over his features. The thing flickered and wavered but proved to be stronger than Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s face. “That sounds about right,” he said, the Irish slipping out of his accent. He pressed his lips to John’s, and John could barely hear the Scandinavian ladies hooting just beyond them.
And Sherlock had looked at John as if he just asked the most idiotic question in the history of questions.
Conor perked up, bouncing in his seat to face Sherlock. “You should take Fitz,” he said. “He’s an excellent guard-dog.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said again, tossing the old piece of gauze and wetting a new piece as quickly as he could. “Sorry. Sorry.”
“I was pleasantly surprised,” Sherlock said. He cleared his throat. “And that, uh. Kiss. Towards the end. That was well-played.”
John felt as if something were sliding through him. A knife, slicing him from end to end. “Yeah,” he said. “I would.”
“Oh,” John said again. The stabbing feeling intensified noticeably. “Oh. Sorry, then.” John scratched at his head, stared at his feet. “I just thought…” he shook his head. “I wasn’t thinking. Never mind.” His throat burned. It felt as if his face was on fire.
“Ta,” John said, accepting the bottle. He didn’t know much about wines either, but the bottle looked fancy enough, with the winery name printed in a scrawling cursive. With the day he had so far, John could go for a drink. However, he remembered the way the wine last night made him feel, warm and glowing at Sherlock, and thought better of it.
Sherlock made a mumbling noise from underneath a pile of blankets. Over time, John grew to learn that the mumbling noise meant
1895 was far preferable to the setting of his past week, which consisted entirely of the four blank walls of a holding cell. His food was slipped through a hole in the door by a wordless guard, and his time allotted outside of the cell for exercise was negligible, especially after the first day Sherlock made a guard cry by deducing his family medical history, which contained a surprising amount of syphilis. Ordinarily the solitude wouldn’t be much of a bother, but Sherlock was finding his Mind Palace a bit of a minefield at the moment. All lines of thought seemed to trace back to John. All settings were places he and John had been together. And then there was John himself, popping into being and attempting conversation, infuriatingly unaware that his presence was not wanted. Over and over and over again.
in reference to Sherlock as well, especially now that he was trying to keep the old anger well-packed underground.
?” Sherlock asked, clutching at John so tightly it was ever so slightly difficult to breathe. “It looks
“You realize you don’t have a very strong defense,” Sherlock said. “Seeing as we caught you in our bushes. Outside of our cottage. At ten o’clock at night.”
expression, the one John had grown so familiar with over the years. John couldn’t help but feel a pang of emptiness at Sherlock’s abrupt physical departure. This version of Sherlock, the one who beamed with his whole face and flirted mischievously and seemed as if he couldn’t keep his hands off John for even a second, John knew it was a fake. He knew it wasn’t really Sherlock. He knew—or at least, he
John trudged up the stairs to 221b, not particularly sure what to do with himself. John’s luggage still sat at the door, untouched. The thought of walking it back upstairs to unpack was quite unpleasant at the moment. John also had little to no desire to return to his own bedroom again. He was also more than a bit exhausted.
“I don’t think you understand,” Sherlock said. His hands were on John’s face, fingers digging into skin. “I’m dangerous.”
“Looks like that happened a lot,” John said. “Also looks like some of the people who agree with you aren’t particularly good at spelling.”
“—and if that happened,” John said, “do you not think I’d be able to handle it? I was a soldier, Mary. Sherlock is practically a one-man army. His brother is the bloody British government. Don’t you think that, between the lot of us, we’d have it handled?”
“I don’t mind it so much when you’re an arse,” John said. “Being mates, helping you, working with you, it’s…”
, Sherlock. I still have the knowledge that I watched you die. I still have the knowledge that I wasn’t enough to keep you from jumping, to keep you in London. I still have the knowledge that I never will be. And I can’t get rid of that knowledge, not ever.”
John forced a smile—a practiced response. John’s role in the saving of the city was relatively small compared to Sherlock’s—just like he perceived his role in many of Sherlock’s cases to be. Sherlock certainly didn’t need John around to save the city or to solve any number of his crimes—the times in which John felt he actually contributed something meaningful to Sherlock’s work was dwarfed in comparison to the times when he barely knew what had happened long after the case was solved. John could feel the old anger trying to dig itself out at the notion. The mention of the city he apparently helped save only reminded John how arbitrary Sherlock’s return to London even was. If there hadn’t been a terrorist threat on the city, would Sherlock have even returned? Or would he have stayed dead forever, having the loveliest of times while John stumbled through life feeling inexplicably homeless, hollow?
John shook his head. His hat was drenched and wrinkled, sagging over his temples. His moustache was plastered to his face. “No, Holmes,” John said. “Moriarty is dead. He’s not coming back. This is about you and me.”
“Good,” you say. “That sounds good. Very good.” You can feel yourself growing warm at just the thought.
John shoved himself up into sitting, the old anger alive and roaring once more in his chest, ready to scare the villagers. “The point is, I can’t watch you die again,” he shouted. “I can’t watch you fall again. I can’t watch you pitch off the edge of a cliff in front of me when there’s nothing I can do about it.”
“Mind if we join you?” Birdy asked. She was already pulling out a chair. “Hugh already told me a bit about you—I’d love to get to know the two of you more.”
Lestrade had a look like he was about to tell a small child there was no such thing as Santa Claus and really,
you can barely breathe. He doesn’t seem to need any time to adjust but you certainly do. You’re blinking and gasping and seeing stars and your brain still isn’t convinced that any of this is actually happening. If you opened your eyes and found that you were really foaming at the mouth in the corner of some nuthouse, it would break your heart but it would have made more sense than staring down at this beautiful creature on your cock.
, Sherlock,” he said. He tightened his legs, bore down, and Sherlock slipped inside him in one fluid movement.
“It must have something to do with the Taibhse Brothers,” Sherlock said. He had popped onto the sofa opposite John again, pacing along the cushions. He tapped at his chin. “Something to do with his involvement with them. Or perhaps something to do with why they might want him dead.”
Sherlock whimpered in response and John lifted him slightly, holding him just over his cock so he could thrust up into him with abandon. Sherlock cried and twisted his head against John’s, mouthing at his temple with dumb lips. He was warm and slick and tight, and John could still feel Sherlock’s arse quivering around him from his orgasm, could still feel Sherlock’s come trickling between his fingers. He growled and thrust harder, biting against Sherlock’s shoulder, tasting the salt of his skin.
Sherlock slowed his hand on John’s chest, moving it in time with the rise and fall of his breaths. John was warm underneath his fingers. “You’re alright,” he said.
John forced his eyes back open. He was on his side, his face half-pressed into the hard, rocking thing beneath him. The floor was a thick black plastic, smooth and wet. He could hear the slopping of waves against rocks nearby, close to wherever his head was. It was dark, but he could just make out the edges of an oar a little further away.
John lifted himself onto his elbows, looking as if he just released that last shred of dignity of which he previously spoke so highly. “Why the hell not?” he said.
“Whatever sort of danger she’s in,” John said, “the thing she thinks is too dangerous for me, she’s wrong. I can protect her. I
it,” John said. “Just...what are you expecting?” He cast a glance at Sherlock, whose eyes were—thankfully—on the road.
“I oversaw my chef’s preparation of your dishes personally,” Angelo said. “Nothing but the best for my favorite customers.”
He tried for his toes next. This proved more difficult. Toes are smaller, harder to wiggle. Still, they seemed present. His lower half was warm. Something was resting gently over him. Not oppressive, just warm. No need for concern. Probably.
John, as it turned out, was seated just next to Sherlock’s bed, propped up with his back against the wall and his legs splayed out in front of him. It appeared as if he once held a bucket in his lap, but it had since tipped over, laying on its side on the floor. It didn’t look as if there had been anything inside it. John’s head was tilted against Sherlock’s bedframe at an angle that was sure to give him a monstrous crick in the neck once he woke up. His mouth was open slightly. His eyeballs twitched behind closed lids. He was dreaming.
It was a gentle rain, much less turbulent than the storms a few nights ago, but it was persistent, soaking the grass quickly. Lucy lowered herself onto the ground at John’s side, her legs tucked underneath her. She didn’t appear to mind the rain. Her eyes fluttered at the raindrops and she allowed the water to slowly wet her wool.
” Sherlock was grinning like a maniac. He bent low and sniffed, breathing in the air of the hole. He popped his head back up, a wild look on his face. “There used to be
“The Island is home to one of the largest grey seal colonies in Europe,” Claire said. “We get thousands of them, especially around breeding season. They’re just as much a fixture of the Island as the sheep.”
John was back to barely breathing, the cold of the wind stabbing at his lungs. He couldn’t quite hear the noises he was making, but they felt as if they might be sobs. He had tears streaking back from his eyes, wetting his hair. He was shaking and furious and all he wanted, all he wanted in this world, was Sherlock’s mouth back on his, even if it meant John would never be able to breathe again.
“No,” John said, attempting to thumb open the buttons to his shirt without getting too much blood on himself. “God no. This level of pissed off is usually reserved exclusively for the world’s only bloody consulting detective.”
John kissed at Sherlock’s jaw. “I shouldn’t have accepted Gilly’s proposal,” he said. “I didn’t want to. I don’t even know why I said yes. I knew it was a mistake the moment it happened, and—god—Sherlock, I never wanted to hurt you.”
Sherlock crouched low and angled them so they approached the cottage to the side, as out of view from the windows as possible. He tugged John around to the side of the house, finding an area without windows and pressing his back to it, listening. John did the same. The place seemed still, no noise coming from inside. Sherlock slunk around the back of the cottage, ducking underneath windows, getting the lay of the land.
John sidled up next to Sherlock, who appeared entranced by the Cró. “Pretty interesting, yeah?” John said.
“You know the way back to Baker Street from any point in London,” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear. “It’s like you’ve got a compass inside you.”
After Sherlock came back, the dreams started trickling in slowly, like a leaky faucet John could never quite fix, no matter how many tools he tried. On their face, the dreams were harmless—he and Sherlock out at a crime scene together, sharing a cab back to Baker Street, sitting in the flat—but there would be a charge to it, a hint of static before the lightning strike. It would be Sherlock staring into his eyes two moments too long, their hands brushing together in the center of the cab, sitting just a little too close on the sofa in the flat, neither one of them moving as their thighs rubbed together. John would wake with a vague sense of hunger. Wanting more. Claiming that the dreams were innocent was a lie, but it was a reasonable lie. John could even believe it himself if needed, and it was needed. John was with Mary, after all, and Sherlock was...Sherlock.
The smell of John had long since left Sherlock’s sheets but he could still remember it, the scent of his shampoo and cologne and sweat and
the bank Neville is targeting. He ought to make a move any minute now.” He grins. “Such a wonderful day this is shaping up to be.”
He wondered if he ought to be concerned about any of it. He found himself incapable of locating that particular emotion.
lives here,” Sherlock said, releasing John’s shoulders and leaving him to stumble a bit at the sudden lack of movement. “But there are other inhabitants of the island, ones that our werewolf has already demonstrated that he is perfectly willing to murder.”
“Oh,” you say, peering at the marks as if you’ve just noticed them yourself. “Got hurt the other day. Nothing too terrible.”
“So,” Mrs. Hudson said. “What are you going to do about…?” She gestured towards the window, her way of not having to say Gilly’s name.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I am concerned about your ability to convincingly act as if you are in a relationship.”
Once in bed, John found that he was far from tired. He and Sherlock lay side by side, stiff as soldiers, staring at the ceiling. He could feel Sherlock’s inhales lift the blankets around him and John wondered if he was breathing enough. He found that he couldn’t quite remember how often he was supposed to breathe. The bed was much warmer now with Sherlock in it, and the two weren’t even touching. John wondered just how much heat Sherlock’s body gave off at a closer proximity. If he had Sherlock pressed against him, would the two of them begin to sweat?
The tour thinned as the guests, bellies full and warmed, began exploring the ruins and trekking along the paths that lined the island. A pair of middle-aged women from one of the Scandinavias sat contentedly in the café, sipping at their tea at a table by the window and gabbing about the greenery, but otherwise John found himself with very little to do but twiddle his thumbs, pat at the gun in his waistband for the millionth time, and watch the door to the storage closet.
John could feel himself getting closer, his body trembling beneath Sherlock. He had no control over the sounds he was making and he was nearly bloody crying, high whimpers and guttural groans leaving his mouth with little warning. He was losing his rhythm on Sherlock’s cock, no longer coordinated enough to do anything besides shake underneath Sherlock’s hand and try not to wake the whole of the hotel with his screaming.
“I know,” John said. “I know.” But he didn’t move, and that was how the both of them fell asleep, Sherlock tucked against John’s hip, John’s hand in Sherlock’s hair.
“This brand of jumper went out of production nearly a decade ago.” Sherlock’s face seemed very deliberately blank.
Sherlock allowed a finger to trace down his stomach, down the line of dark hair trailing just underneath his navel. This was ill-advised, surely, but it was dark and Sherlock was alone and nobody would see.
“Or else the address of a social media page she keeps in secret will be anonymously forwarded to her fiancé,” Sherlock said.
dreams, which were starting to seem a bit like nightmares at this point. Sometimes they were the odd ones where Sherlock did nothing except stand near him and his mere presence got John so turned on that soon he was begging Sherlock to touch him. Other times they were the ones where Sherlock
John chuckled. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand, rubbing his thumb over the tops of Sherlock’s bony knuckles. “Will you have me for another four?” he asked.
John’s laughs stuttered, turned breathy. His chest heaved against Sherlock’s mouth. “You’re well on your way,” he said.
have to kiss Sherlock. The action seemed involuntary, essential. “Do you not want me to kiss you?” he asked. He could feel the fear from earlier start to creep back. He did his best to tamp it down.
They rolled towards each other as if by instinct, each landing on their sides, hands hugging at their pillows for the moment, just for the moment. John’s eyes glittered in the dark and Sherlock understood. John saw, Sherlock knew. John saw all that Sherlock felt for him. He had a look like he was reading something of great importance, taking in the language written across Sherlock’s face. They were silent. Nothing needed to be said. You don’t wake sleepwalkers, Sherlock thought. Their bodies know what to do.
“Have any genius epiphanies about the sheep?” John asked, gesturing towards the wall of mutilation in the sitting room.
Across the patio lay Magnussen. He was on his back, his head cocked to the side. Dead, a prim hole in the center of his forehead. His eyes were still open, his glasses slightly askew. His thin lips were still fixed in a smile, and he looked as if he considered John and Sherlock to be endlessly fascinating. However, now the deadness to his eyes was an honesty. All the great knowledge stored in that brain was eviscerated. He was an empty shell, housing nothing.
It was common, really—him thinking of Sherlock. Thinking of Sherlock, John realized, seemed to be his typical state. Over the years, Sherlock had seen to it that he took up most of the available real estate in John’s mind. John had simply grown accustomed to it. Still, the way Sherlock fit into his mind today reminded him more than he’d like of the way it felt to think about Sherlock after he’d died. There was a pain to it, something that tugged at John’s throat and blurred his vision. It felt very much as if he’d lost Sherlock all over again. And once more, John lost Sherlock without ever saying the things he’d meant to say to him.
Will looked desperate. “Declan was the bastard who hid the flash drive in a bloody sheep,” he said. “How the hell else was I supposed to find it?”
“Right,” John said. Sherlock wasn’t so daft as to ask if the apology worked, and John wasn’t so daft as to tell him if it had. The two sat in silence, trying to eat. The candles flickered and popped. John could feel the warmth slowly seeping through his clammy skin, finally reaching his bones. His body reminded him that it was grateful for the food, regardless of taste.
“I understand why,” Sherlock said. His eyes were growing red along the edges. “Why you did what you did. But if you had… If I hadn’t gotten to you…” He shook his head. “I can’t. I couldn't have. You were only gone for a moment and I don’t know how I survived even that.
“Good,” the man said, and released John’s chest. The man tucked the gun back into his waistband, covering it with his shirt. He heaved himself towards the side of the boat and grabbed at a rope, starting to haul up the anchor. “Start up the engine,” he belted to his mate. Steer us closer.”
“This is it,” Sherlock said, hands deep in his pockets as the wind ripped at his coat. “The last spot of land. Nothing between us and North America except three thousand kilometers of water.”
Being frozen, Sherlock found, was no simple feat. It required a substantial amount of intra-organism coordination and no small amount of focus. It was, however, incredibly effective and far preferable to the agonizing death the frigid winter otherwise promised.
Sherlock found a pile of clothes burned in a field outside of Malschwitz. Mary was shedding her skin again.
Rosie, apparently convinced that she was not being quite loud enough yet, let out a scream that knifed its way right into John’s eardrums. She could rattle your brain loose, that child.
“Now, if you could be so kind as to cut us loose,” Sherlock said, wriggling a bit in his restraints, “I believe Gilly’s knife is just to my left.”
,” Sherlock said, his voice rising above the crash of the waves around them. “When I came back. You weren’t supposed to be hurt.” He stopped. Swallowed. “You weren’t supposed to be gone.”
like that, rather. It’s like…” You scratch at your head. Saying any of this is more than a bit mad. Ill-advised, for sure—especially with a man about whom all you know is that he spends his spare time shamming as a homeless person. “You can walk these streets every day. You can pass by hundreds of people. Thousands even. Some of them you might pass by every morning. You might share a Tube stop. But none of them, when they look at you,
“You’re sure?” Sherlock asked, his hands pausing on his flies. It was a silly question—boring and obvious—but he found it falling from his mouth all the same.
The old anger twitched, trying to shove aside dirt and lift itself from its shallow grave. It was far too wet for that, but it went on trying anyway. Sherlock left, the anger reminded John. Sherlock made John believe that he bore witness to his suicide, frozen on the pavement and powerless to stop him. Sherlock hadn’t trusted John with his secret, instead allowing John to mourn him with a gut-wrenching grief for two full years while Sherlock had an adventure without him.
“He would have killed you,” Sherlock said. “He would have had you shot right there on the pavement, right outside of Barts. He would have shot you and I would have lost you and…” He dug his face into John’s hair, breathing. “I lost you,” he said, his voice little more than a tremble. “I’ll lose you. I’ll always lose you.”
It was nearly suppertime at 221b Baker Street. The sun recently decided to dip down past the buildings, casting the whole of the flat in a dim gold glow. In her flat below, Mrs. Hudson was watching a game show on the telly, the faint cheers from the audience drifting up the stairs. John hovered over the cooker, poking at a chicken curry dish he was attempting with the one wooden spoon in the flat he was reasonably certain had never touched human remains. The pot bubbled and popped on the cooker and the dish seemed as if it would be moderately edible. The room smelled of salt and spices.
“And you didn’t…” John grabbed at Sherlock’s waist, arguably tighter than was strictly necessary. Sherlock was warm,
“I did think it was odd,” Sherlock said. The various versions of John’s faces were slowly merging back into just the one face, so he had a clearer idea of which one he ought to be looking at. “But it was on the internet. On all the lists.”
London at night was a kaleidoscope of swerving lights and bobbling shapes and streaks of colors, all swirling and twisting around with no semblance of reason or harmony. The lights and colors stood out from the dark of the sky and the shadows of the building, a contrast that kept the pupils constantly uncertain as to how much they ought to dilate so instead they did nothing. The result was a world that was not only spinning but also a bit fuzzy. It was all rather disorienting. How had Sherlock never noticed how disorienting London was at night? One would think he ought to have noticed it before. He was supposed to be clever.
His brain sorted through the information he just received. He knew Sherlock was angry about John and Gilly’s engagement—that much was crystal clear—but John didn’t think he was so angry as to complain to Mrs. Hudson about the ordeal. For that matter, what could Sherlock possibly be so angry about? Did he really dislike Gilly that much? And, if Mrs. Hudson was to be believed, it seemed as if Sherlock was more than simply angry with John.
“There are several very important differences,” Sherlock said, “between the show as illustrated in your little maths problem and the show that broadcasted on the telly.”
“The Blasket Islands are the last point of land on the North Atlantic,” Claire said. “Once you leave these islands, you won’t hit another patch of land until you get to the Americas. As such, there’s nothing stopping the force of the sea. Winds, waves, waters—the Blasket Islands are the first stop for all of it. The sea hits the Island with all its fury. The Island protects the land, but there’s nothing to protect the Island.” Claire gestured upwards at the mountain that surged upwards behind the ruins. “The Cró shields this part of the Island from the worst of it,” she said. “Makes this bit easier to live on. But still, most folks aren’t cut out for Island life.”
Moments like these, however, Sherlock could feel himself start to thaw. He wasn’t at a dead end but he was nearing it, one or two moves away from conceding to a stalemate. He only had a few contacts in the Scandinavias, and the relationships were tenuous at best. One of his contacts said he would be in touch soon if he had any news; that was hours ago and Sherlock’s mobile was silent. There was nothing left for him to do but wait and feel the ice slowly turn to water around his organs.
John thought he saw a smile twitch at the corners of Sherlock’s lips, but he couldn’t be sure. “We should head to town soon,” Sherlock said. “Give the serial killer plenty of time to arrange the place to his liking when he comes to murder us tonight.”
But the police were upon them then, swarming in and shouting directions and ushering Sherlock away from Hugh. John tucked his gun into his trousers as the officers closed in on Hugh, nudging Sherlock and John further away from the danger. They rolled Hugh onto his belly, hands behind his back, and Hugh allowed himself to be moved, too scared to put up any sort of fight.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. His breath was in Sherlock’s mouth. His hands were anywhere on Sherlock he could reach. The two were so close he could see each speck inside Sherlock’s eyes. “Sherlock. I…”
The view, as it were, was a bit dismal at the moment. The clouds covered the whole of the sky and the water seemed grey. The waves hit the rocks with a spray, and everything was covered in a fine layer of cloud.
John was surprised by how happy he was to be talking to Sherlock at the moment, even if all Sherlock was doing was criticizing his choice of titles. After Rosie was born, John had much less free time to spend with Sherlock, and he found himself missing him quite a bit. Sherlock had been in a confusing mood since returning from his brief exile, spending much of his time curled onto his chair or the sofa or his bed, despondent. John tried to stop by as often as he could, but sometimes he got the feeling that his presence only made the matter worse. It made him ache in a way he didn’t fully understand.
After being greeted at the front door by a reluctant Mary and a sour-faced John, Sherlock flashed a perfunctory smile at Mary as he strode into the cottage and immediately took to pacing around the perimeter of the main room, examining each crevice of the place and peering out the windows.
Sherlock shushed him, punctuating the sound with a swirl of his thumb over the head of John’s cock. John tried to breathe through the pillow. Sherlock knew how to make him come like this, with just his hand; Sherlock knew exactly what touches would make John’s body tremble and his eyes roll back in his head. Sherlock was using those touches now—every last one of them, the bastard—but too slow, too soft to ever make John come. John whimpered into the pillow.
It’s no use.  The vibrations are clawing their way through him with relentless ferocity, and it’s with a combination of excitement and dread that he notes his member is already beginning to swell.  He knows he has an exceptionally short refractory period when he uses a vibrator, and it seems today will be no exception, despite the fact he’d already come twice before lunch.
play stupid with me, Mycroft.  Natasha’s company runs security for a club where Irene was paid to act as a honeypot for multiple individuals connected to Craneworthy that later turned up dead.  From a
“I suppose not.”  John folds himself into his chair and picks up his laptop.  “Alright, so-- evites: Sent.  I’ll just grab some finger sandwiches at the Waitrose the morning of, along with some champagne.  Cake is done.  Decorations?”
John breathes a sigh of relief, then rises to press a kiss to Sherlock’s sweat-soaked forehead.  “Okay, love, I’m glad.  You just go ahead and cry it out, alright?  I’ve got you.”
John mulls it over silently.  A group of chattering tourists rushes by, oppressively close, their demeanor so at odds with what John’s feeling inside.
it all is to you, but that’s just when it applies to other people, hmm?  When it’s just us freaks and faggots and queers messing about with each other, that’s
He’s just rounded the corner when he spots a figure loitering outside the inn.  Tall.  Dark-haired.  Long coat.  And working his way diligently through a cigarette.
in situations like theirs.  He didn’t want to lose Aaron as a friend; it wasn’t as if he had many to spare, and it didn’t seem worth it to compromise their platonic connection in lieu of the occasional erotic dalliance.
“Alright.  Going to finish inside you now.  Shhhh, just hold still.  I’ve got you.”  And with that, John grips him by the shoulders and delivers a series of rapid, punishing thrusts into Sherlock’s slick channel.  Sherlock moans from the overstimulation, but he doesn’t resist; he wants to be good for John.
“Oh--okay.”  Sherlock complies thoughtlessly, his brain going hazy and blank as he zeroes in on John’s voice.
Sherlock’s hands have flown up beside his head and are clenching the Union Jack pillow upon which he’s reclined with fervent intensity.  His eyes are shut, and he’s panting obscenely.
Tonight, however, you mostly think about the homeless man. He is a new addition to your morning walk from the Tube stop to the surgery. You notice him like you notice when the paint is fresh on the graffiti. Nobody else seems to notice him; the crumpled little cup out in front of him is always empty. He’s tucked into a shoddy blanket, wrapping the thing around his body and over his head. He keeps his face pointed towards the ground, but you’ve caught a glimpse and know that he’s got a birth defect—a cleft palate that makes his lip appear all twisted. He doesn’t have a sign or a sob story or a gimmick, just the cup. He doesn’t even wave it at passers-by, just sets it in front of him and stares at the pavement. You figure that being stepped over like a piece of rubbish day in and day out has worn him down. You understand the feeling.
John murmured. “And this one,” he said, running a hand along Sherlock’s forearm, over a patch of thin white scars. “Got caught on some razor-wire after trying to jump a fence. Patched you up just in there.” He motioned back to the loo. “Remember?”
John followed Sherlock’s gaze. There, just ahead of them, tucked into a tiny corner in the curve of the island, was a cave. The jagged edges of the cave opened like a small mouth out of the water, tucked away and nearly imperceptible. If you weren’t looking for it, you could have glanced right over it, John thought.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, also seemingly incapable of eye contact at the moment. “I suppose you should.”
John glanced at Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes were firmly planted on the road. John wagered that was by design, that Sherlock could only have this conversation with John if he didn’t look at him. John added this conversation to his list of apologies owed to Sherlock.
“He had a gun and a hostage and you were unarmed,” John said, gritted teeth seeming close to shattering. “So yeah. You forced me to come running after you, you bloody idiot.”
Sherlock blinked again, but he found himself moving, slipping off his shoes and unbuttoning his shirt. “I don’t only sleep on the sofa when you’re in the sitting room,” he said, fiddling with the buttons of his cuffs.
going to have a wank to Sherlock again. He had already broken that promise three times, and that number represented considerable restraint.
Sherlock shifted his weight against John, pressing him against the wall with a shoulder while he dug madly through his coat pocket with his free hand. His stag-do supplies flew out of his coat left and right, breathalyzers and cigars and spare neckties and a deck of cards scattering across the alleyway like bits of debris. John laughed into Sherlock’s ear, a sweet, breathy sound.
“No,” John said. “No she didn’t. That’s bullshit and you know it, Sherlock.” It was the first time he said it out loud, the first time he even dared himself to think it. But no matter what Sherlock said, John knew Sherlock was wrong about this.
Sherlock tipped his head upwards, trying to catch John’s gaze. John’s eyes were on him, some expression peering out from just behind the cloudless blue that Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d seen before—certainly not directed at him, and certainly not from John. He was looking at Sherlock as if he was some precious thing, some treasured family heirloom that nearly got lost in a fire.
“Don’t look so...overjoyed,” John said, fighting back a smile. “God, you’re just as bad as he is sometimes.”
John smiled. He thought the action might split him in two. “Together,” he said. “Promise.” He tugged Sherlock closer. “Now kiss me.”
John set his bags on the ground and dropped to a knee, reaching out a hand for Lucy. She walked forward, leaning her head into his hand. He scratched at the rough wool of her head, fully aware that he was grinning like some sort of arsehole.
“Have we not been honest with each other?” John asked. His eyes were exclusively on the jumper. He smoothed it over with his hands long after the wrinkles faded.
He grins at you, breathless. He’s still got his hand splayed across your back, holding you close. His mouth dips low and then he’s kissing—no, bloody
John, apparently, had completely forgotten to keep up his Irish accent. “‘Fraid so,” he said. “Try not to hold it against me.” He shifted the gun in his hand and held out an open palm, gesturing. “Now. Your gun.”
Sherlock had already located one of the head-torches in the cupboard and was flicking it on and off, examining the beam of light seemingly for fun. It was difficult to tell if he was still listening to Claire.
“And you,” John said, a bit too angry at the moment to correct Sherlock’s assumptions, “you leave all at once, don’t you? That’s how you preferred it, right? A dramatic exit, as it were? Right off the side of a bloody building.”
The Blasket Islands are incredible, and I highly recommend giving them a visit if you find yourself in or around the Dingle Peninsula. I did my best to represent them with accuracy here, but of course poetic liberties had to be taken at times. Here, however, are some Generally Real things:
“Quite cozy,” Claire said. “Most of the houses used to have thatched roofs. You can see the weather has taken all that.”
John’s fingernails dug into his hands. He bit at his cheek. His brain was screaming at him, but he willed it quiet. He had lines, or at least he used to.
Sherlock had said). Sherlock’s smile, wide and genuine, just after. Sherlock’s smile, changing and fading, turning into something different, as if Sherlock had just realized something he would have preferred never to have known.
There was a litany of things John knew he could say, ought to say. He ought to say that of course Sherlock could keep him, Sherlock could keep him for as long as he’d have him. He ought to say that he wasn’t leaving, would never leave, doesn’t want to leave, likely could never leave, not without serious physical pain. He ought to say that he felt as if he were woven into Sherlock somehow, that he had grown into Sherlock’s life in a way that made extraction impossible. He ought to say that if Sherlock was a fool then John was the biggest fool of them all, had been for years.
Then Sherlock’s body seemed to explode behind him, thrashing and shaking and pounding against him, and Sherlock sunk his teeth into John’s neck as he came, hot liquid pulsing over John’s arse, his back. John lost his breath. It was too much, it was everything—the sharp pain of Sherlock’s teeth against him and the heat of his come spilling onto John’s skin and the tight, tight,
He scanned the island for Sherlock. He had already found the man once today; he was certain he could find him again. He couldn’t quite spy him in the field with the sheep, but that seemed to be where Sherlock was headed when he first started down the path back to this side of the island. John started off in that direction, perfectly ready to turn over a sheep or two if it meant finding Sherlock.
“They weren’t just numbers, John,” Sherlock said. He grasped at John’s arms, nearly bouncing again. “They were
John turned the page and narrowed his eyes. “What do you make of that?” he asked, pointing at a string of numbers on the page.
The route they followed was less of an established path and more of a space where several people had walked before, the grass tamped down and the worn earth generally pointing in the same direction. The path took them away from the field in which the sheep grazed and began hugging the side of the mountain, the sharp incline of the Cró on one side and a steep drop into the surf on the other. John was never particularly afraid of heights, but he couldn’t help but be a bit wary of the cliffs to his immediate right, especially given the several warnings they received about how difficult it would be to reach them if they were in need of medical care. The path was narrow and John fell into step just behind Sherlock. He kept an eye on Sherlock’s footsteps, making sure he didn’t stray too close to the cliff’s edge. John didn’t care for the thought of Sherlock in high places anymore, considering his history with them.
John shook his head. He was in no mood for patience. His fingers found Sherlock’s cock and he gave him a hard stroke, slicking him with his oiled hands. Sherlock’s breath left him in a rush and his head dropped against John’s shoulder, eyes struggling to remain open. John ran his hand along Sherlock’s cock, pumping and squeezing, learning which strokes made Sherlock shake, made him stutter, made him cry out. Sherlock slipped another finger into John and John sped up his hand on Sherlock’s cock, moving his hips, moaning through the stretch that was too lovely to be painful. Sherlock’s breaths were hot against his shoulder. His fingers were moving fast inside him, twisting and rubbing just so, just perfectly. The both of them were shaking. Thunder rumbled outside. Neither of them heard it.
“Mmmm, good…”  And with that, John leans forward, bending Sherlock nearly in half as he captures his lips in his own and proceeds to plunder his body with voracious enthusiasm.
They both dissolve into giggles, and it’s a few moments before they’re calm enough to carry on.  John continues to finger Sherlock open as Sherlock stimulates his own nipples, sighing and arching as the sensations wash over him, and John just sits back and admires the view.
Sherlock is silent for a moment.  “To be honest, John, I saw everything I needed to know six years ago when you sprained your wrist.”
He sets a brutal, punishing pace, and Sherlock’s eyes water as he struggles to maintain his breath without choking.  Above him, John’s gripping him sternly by the hair as he fucks his face, immobilising Sherlock completely, preventing him from swaying so much as a millimeter in either direction.  John’s expression has gone cold and commanding, and the sight of it sets Sherlock’s blood alight in a way that has little to do with the warmth now emanating from the fireplace.
Sherlock knows he shouldn’t cry.  He doesn’t want to scare John, after all, not when they’re just stepping back into this; he doesn’t want to overwhelm him or make him second-guess his decision to give this another chance.  Before their session tonight, Sherlock had promised himself that he
Irene sighs and drums her perfect nails against the porcelain of her cup.  “No, it’s not everything.  But there was
, loud enough that it echoes even in the sound-proof room.  The sensation reverberates straight to his core as the plug shifts and bumps up against his prostate, and his cock leaps to life. “AUGH! Yes,
Aaron shuffles into the kitchen, chuckling to himself and shaking his head.  “Christ, mate, you’re good at that.  Can I have you on-call for those mornings when they just won’t
It’s a nasty thing to say and Sherlock’s pointedly aware of it, but he’s in full-blown Case Mode and can’t bring himself to muster up much more than a vague sense of indignation.  “This is big, John.  If we find the proof I’m certain is there, Whycombe’s association with GreySphere will upend the current political status quo and reveal a decade and a half of domestic terrorist activity by a former government agent.”
John smiles at him warmly in their reflection in the mirror as he traces lazy circles around Sherlock’s hole.  “I like touching you here, too.  So nice and tight.  Can I check and see how tight you are tonight, love?”
Sherlock’s jaw snaps shut and he takes another begrudging sip of coffee before stalking into the sitting room to poke at the files John had diligently organised on the desk.
“And then?”  John’s voice has gone gravelly, and there’s a hint of a growl at the end of the phrase.
He wills his tongue to form the words he needs to say.  “Can you untie my legs first?”  The thought of being touched again in such a sensitive place while his mobility is still restricted feels too… clawing, too oppressive.
No.  No, John can’t mean that.  Sherlock scrambles to quantify the situation.  “Of course. Of course, the gunplay is too much.  You’re absolutely right, John.  We’ll just dial it back, remove it from our repertoire.  Easy enough.”
John managed to lift his gaze from where he’d been picking at the pilled fabric of Harry’s duvet to finally look at her face.  She’d stopped crying, but her mascara had smeared and her nose was red and her voice was hoarse from shouting.
John watches as a shiver works its way down the length of his spine, and he can feel another emission from Sherlock’s cock bloom hot between his legs.
First, there’s air, then blissful, blessed water.  The impact doesn’t hurt; it’s simply a transitioning of states as he breaks beneath the surface and sinks into the inky water’s depths.
John is talking to him, encouraging him, smiling down at him and saying sweet, wonderful things, but Sherlock doesn’t process his words so much as he
John’s gasp is unmistakable as his legs spread and his thighs hitch up, his body eager for more stimulation to his perineum.  Sherlock complies enthusiastically, fondling John’s sac as he increases the pressure of his fingers behind it.
His phone buzzes, jolting him back from his fantasy.  It’s the timer; the final incubation period for the day was over.  He makes his way to the incubator and removes his tray of petri dishes, popping them into the environmental chamber for the night, then collects his belongings and trudges the four blocks through a misty dusk to his hotel.
Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to stop.  John slows his pace and turns to face him, looking him directly in the eye.
“Please, John, you know it’s entirely dependent on the situation.  In fact, I’ve just remembered that I believe I have a long-standing request in for a particular Victorian-themed session based on the acclaimed film
John gives him a polite smile.  “No, Father.  I’m sure whatever you’ve selected will be appropriate.”
Sherlock cries out, a fresh wave of tears overtaking him.  But John is unmerciful.  He reaches down and grabs Sherlock’s still-flaccid prick, and begins to jerk it roughly.
John gives him his most innocent expression.  “I have no idea what you’re talking about, love.  Those oysters must have turned your brain to pearls.  Now let’s go, we mustn’t be
Dr. Richards gives John an appraising look over the top of her half-moon spectacles.  John shifts uncomfortably in his chair.  The silence stretches out between them.
He has a list of Action Items that he and Dr. Richards had worked on together.  She’d graciously extended his appointment, no questions asked, so they’d had time to strategise a bit before John had to leave for home.
“Okay, sweetheart, you’re all good.  Everything’s in order. You can move your hands, now.”  Sherlock stretches out his aching arms and returns them gratefully to his sides.  “Want to rest for a minute, then I’ll take you to the shower and get you all nice and clean?”
