Tony paused, a bit taken aback by how little he had to work for it. Not that he was complaining at all, especially not when Steve’s hand came up to rest at the back of his neck, fingers brushing against the hair at Tony’s nape. “Well, that was easy,” Tony murmured, and thank God he had found an actual Altoid at the bottom of that tin because Steve was a lot closer than he’d been a second ago. “Just— Uh, just so we’re on the same page, what exactly are you saying yes to?”
Tony laughed, sheepishly, heart racing and palms starting to sweat as he realized Steve hadn’t given him an answer yet, and his anxiety translated into rambling. “Yeah, no, maybe it wasn’t the best idea to spring it on you like this. And, um. I’m not sure whether I should take the asthma attack as a good sign or a bad one,” he joked lightly, not knowing what to do with the ring, still in his grasp. “Uh, originally, I wanted to do something more… impressive. Something grand. And I was going to rent out a restaurant or fly you out to a private island, so,
Huh. Maybe they weren’t so oblivious after all. Well, some of them, at least.
Tony looked up at him. “Sorry,” he said, and he really meant it too. “Worth a try. That was all a lie anyway, your papers were amazing.”
“You know, as fun as this whole getting-to-know-you thing is, I think we should probably move this conversation elsewhere,” Tony pointed out. “Preferably before these guys come to, with killer migraines and a thirst for blood. Can you walk?”
The team had spent fifteen minutes this morning dancing around the kitchen playing their own version of Musical Chairs in an attempt to get Steve and Tony to sit next to each other, but they didn’t lift their heads from their stacks of pancakes when Tony had asked sweetly, “Cap? Can you pass the sugar, sugar?” or when Steve, matching his tone, replied, “If you give me the honey, honey.”
And yet... The more he thinks about it, the more he wants it — and Steve’s thought about it
This had already wasted about ten minutes of his precious time, and Tony didn’t want to risk staying here, in the fear that he might accidentally give away some of his most confidential secrets. Not that he kept many from the team, not after they’d slowly wormed their way through the cracks in what used to be a near-impenetrable armour, but still. Some things he liked to keep close to his chest.
The tour went along surprisingly smoothly, with Harry and Peter providing more commentary than the informative video playing on a small screen attached to the dashboard. It was clear that they knew their stuff, and unlike Tony had actually read up on the dinosaurs beforehand: both were smart kids, enrolled in some school specializing in math and science, even though they were only, what, eight years old? Nine, maybe? They reminded Tony a little of himself when he was younger, eager to get their hands on any kind of knowledge, in constant awe of all the science and tech around them. It was heartening, even if it did just make Tony realize how cynical he’d become.
Steve shook his head, although Tony couldn’t quite tell if it was out of humility or insecurity. “I’m not—”
“Mr. Stark—”
“I’m sorry,” Tony said immediately. He felt himself go red at the rejection, and God, when was the last time that had happened? Usually Tony was shameless, or at least unashamed, but there was something about Steve that just made him flush at the tiniest thing. “We can just ignore that. I thought... I don’t know what I thought, but yeah. Let’s just. Rewind a bit, forget that ever happened.”
Quickly banishing those particular thoughts to the back of his mind for a rainy day, Tony pointedly did not look up at Steve while he undid the laces of his boots, helping him out of them afterwards. It was the same suit from all the old newsreels, the colours faded, the fabric permanently dirtied, and Tony assumed that SHIELD had only given it back to him as a kind of comfort as he eased into the twenty-first century. Still, even if the uniform made it through this mission—and at this rate, it seemed close to a 50/50 gamble—Tony didn’t quite like the thought of Steve being sent out in what basically amounted to the same protection as jeans and a leather jacket.
Steve gave Tony a dry look, blowing out a huff of air. A couple stray strands of hair billowed in front of his face. And that was completely unfair, how, even though he was covered in sweat and blood, he was just as handsome as in all the posters that had adorned the walls of Tony’s childhood bedroom. And now was
Namely, the effects of the truth serum.
There must’ve been about six in total, knife-toothed and nimble, ready to pounce at the slightest movement. Instinctively, Tony motioned for Peter and Harry to get behind him, even if it wouldn’t make much of a difference. The velociraptors were circling them, like boxers in the ring, and Tony felt absolutely ridiculous, putting his fists up like he was about to have a back-alley brawl with them, but it was either that or be killed instantly. It would be pathetic to have his obituary read that he’d been eaten by bloodthirsty dinosaurs without at least putting up a fight first.
“Are those arrows on your boxers?” Tony snickered.
It became too much, too soon, the way Steve was looking at him with something like reverence, like wonder, and Tony wasn’t used to that. For all that people stared at him, even before his three-month nightmare in Afghanistan, it was never like this, never so soft and amazed and gentle, and Tony couldn’t take it anymore, lightly guiding Steve’s hand down toward his side instead.
“Hello, Tony.” Steve responds, “Should we go and order?” he asked Tony shyly. Tony found it cute.
And listen, Tony had looked death right in the eye more times than he could count, so his life had long stopped flashing before him. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t scared shitless: as much work as he’d done on the arc reactor, rebuilding and replacing the damn thing over and over again, he was sure that it would give out at any second, what with the way his heart was trying to break out of his chest like a battering ram. He could feel his shirt vibrating with his pulse, the open collar flapping against his throat, and his hands were shaking like when he itched for a bottle.
What he absolutely
“Not exactly sure how much blood you lost on the way here,” Tony explained absently, pulling out some gauze from the tin and pressing it to Steve’s calf. “And, uh, this—” Tony gestured loosely, encompassing Steve’s leg “—is not really my area of expertise. Which is really unfortunate, because it looks like I’m going to have to give you stitches and you’ve got nothing in your handy-dandy kit here stronger than Advil.” He dug around a little more, single-handedly, coming up with a small flask marked ‘alcohol’ in Sharpie, and looked to Steve with a triumphant whoop. “Well, I stand corrected.”
Disappointment grows heavy in his stomach, weighing him down, which is absolutely ridiculous because a week ago, he hardly even considered the idea of marriage. It makes no sense to feel this gutted about not getting proposed to.
It’s six months before Steve makes the same mistake, opening his sketchbook only to find Tony’s distinct scrawl lining the margins, sticky notes and business cards where there should be blank pages. And while usually Steve would close it, trek back down to the lab, and switch it back, there’s an entry in the box for next week that makes him pause, heart skipping a beat at the sight.
“Hm? Oh, no.” Steve cleared his throat, some of the tension draining from his shoulders. “No, I’m good, just keep going.”
Sees Tony’s messy handwriting all over it.
“Relax, sweetheart,” Steve says, and even though he told Tony he doesn’t care about the ring, the anticipation of seeing it still makes him buzz, and he channels all that bottled-up energy into the kiss he presses to Tony’s lips in assurance. It’s not the ring itself that matters, really — it’s what it represents: their love, their devotion, their future together. It’s something that Steve will see every day for the rest of his life, something that will remind him of Tony no matter how far apart they might be. “You know I’ll love it no matter what.”
“I know. I won’t ask any questions, and I’ll try not to veer the conversation into topics that you might not want to talk about. I mean, obviously, I do really want to ask if you’re okay. But I won’t.”
“I still can’t believe you own a farm,” said Tony.
Tony had meant just to get a few digs in, but the more he thought about the drop in revenue in Oscorp’s last few quarters, the more it all started to make sense. Osborn had been neglecting his company in favour of secretly building the park — and probably expended most of the company’s money on it, too. What he needed was a dedicated investor — and who better to enlist than a charming, intelligent, established world-saving billionaire? It would be a two for the price of one kind of deal, snagging Tony for the position: it’d boost both Osborn’s funds and the park’s reputation.
So, Tony was pretty sure he had died. Or was dying. Or hallucinating. Because when he looked up, there was Captain America himself, trying and struggling to fight off the remaining three dinosaurs, motioning desperately to the shield he must’ve just thrown.
“The serum,” he started, pulling out a tin of Altoids and handing it to Tony. “It, uh, it has a healing factor. I’ll be fine by this time tomorrow at the latest, but I think if we have any chance of getting back to the jet by sundown, I’m gonna need some patching up. The shoulder’s not too bad, but, God, my leg’s killing me—”
But it starts to become increasingly obvious what Tony’s doing, as he stands up from the bed and sinks down to one knee in front of Steve. Reaching out, he takes one of Steve’s hands in both of his own, and presses a gentle kiss to his knuckles.
When they exited the theatre, returning back to the large and looming hall of the main building, near the display of the Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil, the first sound that greeted them was the patter of footsteps against tile.
And listen, Tony really wanted to hate the guy. For the better part of his adolescent and adult years, he'd harboured this gnawing resentment, wore it around like a badge — the same way Howard carried his obvious disappointment that Tony hadn't turned out anything like the good Captain. But something about the praise, so honest but so casual, appealed to Tony's childhood idolatry instead. It was probably just the adrenaline high, Tony assured himself. Or the fact that Cap had just saved his life a minute ago. Or the way his gaze, soft and keen, made Tony's heart stumble over a beat for the first time since he'd installed the arc reactor.
The proposal.
Well, not
He’s sketched Tony so many times that he can practically do it in his sleep — it takes only a couple minutes for him to draft his outline, filling it in with the smaller details afterwards. He casts his face in the light from the fridge, illuminating his contemplative expression, Tony’s tongue poking out from between his teeth and a hand running through his hair. He does another sketch beside it, of Tony standing at the counter, making a sandwich. And a third, of Tony with his mouth full, gesticulating with his food as he talks.
They may have been a hell of a lot smaller than the T-Rex, but were just as enthusiastic at the human buffet laid out in front of them, hissing and shrieking and growling at Tony and the boys. One after another, they’d leapt out from behind the nearby trees, and by the time Tony glanced around, trying to find an out, they were already surrounded. There was no hope of hiding from the velociraptors anyway, not with the mid-morning sun hanging high in the sky, blanketing the entire island in harsh, unfiltered light. They were stuck here, in the middle of a small clearing.
“No, no, I got it, I’m almost there—”
Admittedly, this time it had been entirely Tony’s fault.
Mostly, though, Steve’s just plain antsy.
“Okay, uh, good morning to you too, I guess,” he interjected, glancing around, but they were the only ones out here. “Where’s Osborn?”
"Get cleaned up, I want you to be able to detox from the heat so I can take your temperature," Tony grumbled, already in the process of cleaning himself up.
"You'd look real pretty with a huge dildo up your ass, tearing you apart, don't you think?" He asked casually, "Nipple clamps, cock cage, whole shabam. See how far I can push this body of yours."
"Steve, there's no hope, this is it," Tony fell into Steve's arms, covering his eyes as Peter jumped up onto his chest, still roaring loudly.
"Tony..." Steve said in an insistent tone, keeping his finger pointed down. "You have to take your punishment, or you won't learn. Belt. Now, please."
Tony whined pitifully, nuzzling Steve's hand. He gave his palm a gentle kiss, purring softly.
"Yessir, good f'you, sir," Tony mumbled in a daze, panting softly into the comforter, "I can take more, promise, I don' wanna sit for weeks, wanna feel you in me,
With a laugh, Rhodey waved his hand toward to couch, waiting for them to sit before reclining in his chair.
attune to the differences, Steve Stark-Rogers," He giggled, "But I'm always up for the conversation."
"M'head hurts n'my nose s'all stuffy," Peter mumbled miserably, dropping his head on Steve's shoulder, "M'tummy don't feel too good, eider."
"Door's open," the boy called softly, wincing as he laid down on his bed.
"Well, you're going to make me sign a lot of papers. Which probably won't happen. Feed me, make sure I sleep, answer calls, yadda yadda. You're basically the Dad I never had," Tony scoffed, "It's easy, really. I'm just a difficult person."
"And for the record, I didn't know you meant kids. My mistake." Steve chuckled lightly.
"Whaaat?" he asked playfully.
"Wow, Steve, you've really bulked up since I left," She hummed, an amused glint in her eye, "But nobody wrote me to tell me you'd gone and changed your last name on me! I think I startled your poor roommate."
"I'm careful." Peter rolled his eyes and got the griddle up onto the counter, setting it up before plugging it in to heat. "You worry t'much, Papa."
"In here, peep," Tony called from his bathroom, adjusting the water temperature, "I got your clothes all ready for you."
"I can see this will be a while for you to be let go. You like to act up." Steve hummed, stripping Tony down to his boxers.
"It's a blueprint for my work, baby. It's--ah, its formulas and an outline of how I want my next machine to work," Tony tried to explain, “Look, Papa's drawin' yooou."
He wrote out the check and gave it to Rhodey, not surprised that man reminded him to call Pepper before sending him on his way. Tony held Steve's hand on their way to the car, giving him the keys.
Tony was still feeling the chills down his back as he looked at Steve, feeling like a child that just got promised a spanking—not the good kind.
"Tony, please. Need you, please." He breathed, head slouched near his chest.
When Steve opened the door, he was surprised by the sight in front of him.
He kissed Steve's cheek, grinning. Steve nodded softly, still eyeing the glasses.
"Yeah, he is," Tony mused, "He really is Captain America, huh?"
Steve stared at Tony, dumbfounded. Then he started to grin.
"You know something? You can mark that in the record books, because that is probably the first time you did something that benefitted someone besides you.".
Steve smiled at that, handing Pepper the cookie plate. He kept it high enough Peter couldn't reach.
Steve cut Tony off by raising his hand up in a gesture to stop. It was quiet for a moment until he spoke.
The bot whirred unhappily, scooting off back to its corner. Tony laughed, making kissy noises at Dummy.
?" Steve asked with a smile twitching at his lips, eyes trailing back up at Tony's face. "I'm taking a guess that the robe isn't what finishes up this ensemble?" He purred softly as his eyes raked over Tony.
"Alright, that sounds good."
"I'm a perfect angel, no worries." Tony smirked, giving Pepper a quick hug before she'd leave. "I'll call later. We'll schedule a lunch together and chat." He explained, waving as the woman left the room.
"Super Daddy. Able to lift a boy and a baby with ease." He joked, taking a bite out of his eggs.
"Yep, let’s do that, you get the lil play blanket for them to lay on and I'll get Pete," he decided, turning on his heel to get the older child.
"Papa? Daddy says I tan tall you Mommy." Peter announced, causing Steve to turn around.
"You owe me a bubble bath," Tony huffed, laughing as he reached over for Sammy, playing with the baby's fingers.
Tony sighed, putting a hand on his face.
He sighed softly, picking up Steve's hand to kiss his knuckles.
So much so that Steve noticed the hesitance.
"Can we see your little nest?" He asked, stepping inside, "Just... Precautionary measures."
He trooped upstairs, a bit concerned to see Steve slouched in his easel chair.
He gave Steve's arm a squeeze, leaning over to kiss his bicep.
Peter just ate the rest of his food, diligently eating all his carrots and peppers. Steve couldn't help the little bit of pride he felt watching Peter just eating. He always finished up his food and rarely complained on the taste of something.
“He was so cute when we got him. He's still cute, but we fell in love with him that instant, admit it." Steve hummed, nuzzling Tony back from the kiss. "He's definitely changed us, for sure."
This time when he wakes, Tony doesn't jolt up. He lays on his back in bed, breathing heavily but responsive. He yells up at JARVIS to "not notify Captain Rogers". The AI complies and Tony gets up on his feet. He dashes out of his bedroom and down the connecting hallway, determined to stop these nightmares once and for all.
Pete looked up at them and his lips trembled again, fresh tears stinging his eyes as he shook his head.
"Pepper, look, its a really long story, and honestly I don't think you would believe me." Tony responded with  careful sigh, earning a stern look from the woman. "He is a captain though, although he doesn't look like it right now. He's sort of a 'Little Mermaid' case."
"I hope so," Tony laughed, stealing another kiss, "C'mon, let's go check on our boy. He's oddly quiet."
"Well I feel better about that reason then what I thought. I thought it was just to shut me up.".
"Fine. Then I won’t tell how good I still feel from what you did to me." Steve smirked, buckling his jeans and throwing on a plain t-shirt as he hummed a tune.
"Does Tony Stark live here, I want to be sure I got the right address." A strawberry blonde woman said, standing tall in the doorway.
Tony laughed, having to pull off Steve to keep from choking more than an already was.
He looked up and sniffled, tear stains evident on Steve's khakis.
Steve hummed softly at him, caressing Tony's hair.
Tony shook his head, whistling low.
Nevertheless, he sat down to open his gift, laughing as he pulled out the new novelties.
Tony threw himself into his work, catching up on the thirty-some projects he'd let slip. He burned his fingers a little, and there was blood on some of the wires, but he kept on keeping on.
He looked to Tony before starting to explain. "We were going to wait until after Christmas to ask you about it. About if you would want to have a baby brother or sister."
"The room next to the Master Bedroom is the perfect size for a nursery, and it'd be really close to us," he trailed off.
Peter picked up his spoon and started to eat, smearing cheese sauce all over his lips and face. Tony hid a grin in his food, wrapping his hands around the warm bowl.
"I'm thinkin' deep dish Chicago meat lovers," He murmured, flipping open the menu, "You?"
"'Kay! I can do dat!" Peter said confidently, running and scooping up every toy he was able and waddled with full arms to his new room.
"Nuh-uh!" Peter said with a knowing grin as he snuggled more into Tony. "Wouldn't worked anyways cuz Sammy's here." He sighed as the baby climbed in his lap, babbling happily.
He had arrived in front of the office door. Steeling his nerves, Tony knocked on the door. He anxiously waited for what felt like an eternity before he heard a voice from inside.
"Open me up, babe," he breathed, putting the packet in Steve's hand.
"Also, why not completely sever the arm if you would cut it like this?" Steve queried as he eyed the slice. "Unless he was looking for bits of tendons, there is not much reason behind it. But what would they need vertebrae and tendons for in the first place?"
"Yeah, twerp, go put the movie in," Tony laughed, standing to clear their plates, "Wanna go wait upstairs for me, Stevie?"
. He thought to himself.
Steve's eyes widened slightly at that, humming at the light sucking on his skin. He scooped Tony up into a bridal carry and walked quickly to the staircase, trying not to just run up the stairs.
"I'm not here!" Peter tried, to no avail. "I'm, uh, in the bathroom!"
Tony couldn't help but go on his tiptoes to kiss Steve, cupping his cheeks.
"You're just freakishly tall," Tony laughed, leaning back to smooch Steve, "Such an oaf."
Steve knocked on the door again, although Tony had said the door was unlocked. It wasn't polite to just waltz into someone's home.
am I excited--"
"You're doing well. Keep it up." Steve laughed good-naturedly. He moved to kiss the tip of Tony's nose with a grin.
The blond peeked an eye open, blinking sleepily as he felt Tony move. He nuzzled the top of Tony's head lovingly.
"Let's get this thing started.".
"That’s my boy." Steve laughed, petting Sammy's hair gently. "He probably liked it in there and wanted to stay a bit longer."
"Switch tactics, Rogers. Perhaps we have a Mary Shelley on our hands," Tony mused, flicking on his eyeglasses to peer at the arm, "Yes, it appears that some tendons and ligaments have been carefully cut away from the shoulder. Perhaps we
He thrusted as deep as he could before coming, crying out softly.
"Yessir," Tony moaned, barely able to get his hand wrapped around his cock before he came, covering the sheets in white stripes.
"God, Tony. Y'er nice 'n tight-- perfect for me, love. Perfect."
"Do not encourage him," Tony replied flatly, raising an eyebrow, "And please don't say he's like me."
"Correct." Steve hummed, undoing the rest of his buttons, but leaving the shirt draped on him. "The technical names for the North and South during the Civil War?"
"I love you, too. Very much." Steve whispered back, hugging Tony to him. "We'll help you through this. You'll get through okay, I promise."
"Fuck, Steve," Tony put a hand over his eyes, trying to stop crying, "I never-- I didn't want y-you to find out, not like this."
"If you had an eye on this place, why hadn't you bought it if you have the money? Being a billionaire, that is." He asked curiously.
"Why me," he complained, "How come all this romantic stuff makes me shy? Like,
Steve thought for a split second before answering. "I thought it might help us all feel better after how today went. Cookies are always good, right?"
"Well, at least I won't have to be worried about being far from work." Steve grinned, cleaning off his plate to put it with Tony's and started to clean up the rest. "If it’s scenic, it could be good for painting landscapes, too." He hummed, kissing Tony gently.
Steve just shrugged and went with a pint as well. Pepper smiled and walked to the bar to order for the group. Tony looked at the group. Rhodey was talking to Sam who used to be part of the air force as well. Turns out that Sam was injured and had a medical discharge. Now he worked at the VA, and help vets adjust to civilian life. Losing his best friend to Sam.Tony decide to turn to the man that has been with Steve his whole life. A while as the reason for Tony’s latest work.
“Steve can you move away from the door so I can open it?” Tony asked with a slight waver in his voice. Steve’s face scrunched up but moved a side for Tony to open the door. Now closer to Steve, Tony could smell the alcohol from his breath. Tony didn’t know how to feel.
Hello Humans. I hope you like what the story so far. I'm having a blast writing it. I do have a music playlist I'm working on. I do have mood boards that go with the chapters. Right now I'm only posting them on my Tumblr. If you guys want to put them on here, please let me know. Umm, I think that's it. Oh, if you see some thing wrong please tell me. I'm dyslexic and don't always see them.
“Sorry Tone’s did I wake you?” Steve asked his voice not above a whisper. Tony shook his head, so he wouldn’t break the quit with his voice. Steve let out a sound less laugh when he looked at Tony. Much to Tony’s confusion. Steve must have been able to tell as he laughed again, set down his art supplies, and went over to Tony.
“We need to test it. For that we need someone who’s missing an arm.” Oliver said to Tony.
“Tony,” Pepper sighed,” I thought we were working on that?” Tony just nodded not wanting to see the worried looks that cover his best friends face.
“I hope you aren’t lying to me Tony.” Steve sighed as he hung up, and Tony was out the door.
And the augment continued to go on. Every place that Tony liked was off the list.
“I own a pair of skinny jeans?” Tony asked side eyeing to jeans
Tony couldn’t remember what happened over the course of the next month. Steve was working on his art. He had his ceramics class that he was required to take for his art degree. Only Steve couldn’t do ceramics. This led him to having a lot of late nights. Tony was working on making sure that the arm for Bucky was perfect. The weight was being thrown off. Oliver and Tony were struggling to make sure that everything was right. By the end of the month Tony had only seen Steve maybe 7 times. A robot arm that wouldn’t stop bringing up more problems. Halfway through making the new arm, Tony remembered that it needed to be waterproof. This led to a test run with the original arm that was made.
“I said NO Tony!” Steve yelled. Tony was frozen.
“Steve. Please.” Tony cried wanting more. He started tugging at Steve’s shirt hoping that he would get the hit. Steve had moved back up and kissed Tony. When steve pulled away he took Tony’s shirt with him and left Tony breathless. Tony watched as Steve pulled off his own shirt. Showing off his defined muscles. His eyes never leaving Superman’s chest. Steve grabbed his hand and pulled him back into the heated kiss. Steve lead them back to his room. They left the left the rest of the clothes behind.Tony couldn’t wait for the rest of the night.
“That will be $6.76.” they said.
“Yeah Pepper the whole shebang!” Tony laughed.
Me: sounds good. I Love You.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi, Steve.” Tony’s smiled.
“But mom all the other kids don’t wrap their willies.” Tony laughed.
The next couple of week flew by. Rhodey went back overseas. Pepper got a promotion to a head intern. Tony had gifted her something. By that he means that she got herself something, and he paid for it. Tony worked on his projects. He had finished building Butter-fingers. When asked why he tell people why not. Really he built him so Dummy has a friend. Tony continued to go on dates with Steve.
“Yeah sorry just not very hungry,” Steve looked at Tony and turned red. “So what is the rest of your story.”
“How about you tell me how to time travel from World War Two and my dad’s lab” Tony asked. Only to mentally scolded himself. Why did he think that a pick up line about his dad's failed super soldier experiments during World War 2 would work or make sense? God he needed coffee.”I mean can I have an extra large cup filled with just espresso and a dash of milk.”
He covered the top with a bow to hide the contents, taking it back to its place to hang before heading back to their bedroom.
"Yes and no. Dog collars are made with polyester fibers. These--" Tony plucked one off the wall, running his fingers over the metal, "--are leather with the dog clips. The clips can be used with leashes, chains, ropes, whatever." He flicked his eyes over to Steve, slowly clipping the leather around his neck, adjusting it like an old friend.
"You're getting there. Emotion-wise, you have gotten so much better. So don't be embarrassed, baby." The blond purred back, kissing at his neck again and running his hands along Tony's sides.
He hid his face in Steve's back during the ride, glad that the oaf gave off so much body heat. Steve was grinning the whole way, enjoying the feeling of Tony pressed against his back. He parked along the curb, right outside of a hole-in-the-wall pizzeria called Giuseppe’s.
"He'll be a good brother, though. Sammy's already attached to Peter." He hummed.
"You ready, kiddo?" He asked Peter, brushing back his hair.
Peter yawned quietly, pushing his hoodie back from his eyes as he woke up. He sat up, clambering over Tony to seat himself between his daddies. "Breakf’st," He demanded, "An’ cuddles."
"Not what you expected? I'm pretty sure soulmates aren't to be expected," Tony snorted, kissing Steve back, "But I'm glad I have you. Absolutely perfect."
"Shhh, no no no. Boys, it’s okay. It’s okay." Steve tried to calm, taking Peter into a hug while Tony held Sam.
"Buh Daddy makes d'best stuff when he's not careful," Peter hummed, putting the blueberries next to Steve's mixing bowl, "Its good f'him to not be careful."
," Tony groaned.
Steve’s back arched at the intrusion, a quiet gasp escaping his lips. He pushed his hips back a bit against Tony's finger to take more in.
He trailed off, the word 'weaker' staying in his mind. Or at least he thought it had stayed.
Officer, I've been so
He nodded, climbing up onto his stepstool the retrieve the last item.
Peter watched with glee as Steve and Tony jolted up in bed, keeping an innocent look on his face.
The boy stomped off, door slam much too loud in the house; Tony sunk down onto the couch, head in his hands.
"A-ah, S-steve--"
"Tony, good god," Clint wheezed, "You and Steve been workin' out? I don't remember you havin' this much strength--"
"Sure. If I screw up, don't kill me." Tony carefully went to work, trying to stay in the lines.
The blond sighed in amusement, laying him and his son back carefully. Figured now was a good a time as any to have a nap with his son and let his eyes slip shut.
Peter just waved good bye before turning to Steve, a glint in his eye.
it happens, but we're fucking every two days. Just saying."
"You may not remember because it was after your talk with your dad, but I said I wanted to talk to you." Steve said matter-of-factly. "Do you remember that?".
"I need your cock in me, Sir, please," he begged, grinding onto Steve's lap, "I need your thick cock so bad, fingers aren't enough--"
He looked over to see Tony working with some metal, a few stray streaks of grease on his cheeks and hands, but he actually made it look good.
A movie called Lilo and Stitch had begun to play, the opening sequence being set in space and containing a variety of strange alien beings that honestly enthralled Steve enough to attempt to draw some. as he doodled and the movie played, the blond sighed and set the drawing pad beside him for now. All of this just wasn't the same without doing it next to Tony, he found out. The man just had a way about him that Steve just enjoyed being around him. Without Tony, it sort of just felt... lonely.
Steve rubbed his face in relief.
"I want you to make love to me. Want you in me, taking your own pace." Steve breathed up at Tony. "Tease, play, whatever you'd like in between, but make love to me."
"Clint's there,
"Yessir, please, Sir." Tony put his head down on the desk, spreading his legs slightly.
He whined more, trying to press his hips down onto Steve's fingers.
, and I very well know I'm adorable, because you'll get up and get me coffee in the freezing morning when I'm all warm and snuggled up in bed."
"Miss Potts, a pleasure," he drawled, "Is Natalia in? My.... associate and I have come to see the aftermath of a body you may have received last night, or this morning."
"Tony, what are you talking about?".
Loud rock music played through out the workshop, the only other sound that was barely heard was the clanging of tools. This was a constant when Tony was working on something big. The music however stopped abruptly and a familiar voice rang out in the workshop.
When he heard the door slam shut. Tony fell to the ground. Tony could hear himself sobbing, but it didn’t feel like it was him. Tony just curled up in a tight ball and cried.
Pepper got to his apartment an hour later. Knowing that she need to let Tony finish. She sat on the other side of the couch and waited. Instead she looked around Tony’s loft apartment. It didn’t hold much. Tony tended to keep his apartment bare. He didn’t see the need to decorate when he was barely here. He had comfortable couch that faced the t.v. His kitchen was separated from the living room with an island. In the corner of his kitchen held the table he never used. His “room” was above his living room.The right side of the wall held a staircase up.
“That’s amazing Tony! Do you know how many lives that will change? When is it going throu- Wait why would Steve be mad at you for that?” Rhodey asked. Tony looked at Steve. He seemed just as confused. Tony was worried that Steve would put this into the it’s too much category. Seeing as he only started making the design, because of the story he told of Bucky. What if Steve got mad at him for making the arm. What if he didn’t let Bucky have the arm that was made for him. Tony looked away from the rest of the group as he spiraled. He needed to stop before someone said something, so Tony started talking.
It was almost ten when Steve stumbled in. Tony had long unplugged the waffle iron, and put the batter in the fridge. He had started on his third page not too long before. He looked up to Steve was drunk. With a sigh Tony closed his coloring book and went over to Steve.
Tony walked to the pizza place that he had been told to meet Steve at. He stood at the door looking in and he saw his blond superman. Tony’s heart fluttered and butterflies swarmed in his stomach. Tony knew that this was the start of something amazing. With a deep breath Tony opened the door and walked.
“Okay, I’m ready to go now.” He said with a smile. Tony just nodded and held out his hand. He led Steve down to the car.
“What can I get for you, Sir?” Blond superman asked
Steve wants to help pay for the apartment. Tony told him that it’s okay, and he is happy to pay for a place for them. Steve refused, so Tony told him he could pay for utilities. This also didn’t please Steve. No he wanted everything split even.
Today was his and Steve’s 6 month anniversary. Tony was taking him to a fancy restaurant. Tony wanted to show Steve that he was loved. Tony had everything planned out. He would pick up Steve in one of Howard’s cars. Steve would be wearing tuxedo (Tony had bought it for him the week before). Tony would give Steve bouquet of red Carnation, Crocus, daises, gardenias, and  linaria bipartitas. From there they would go to the restaurant, and have a nice dinner. After they would go on a walk in the park nearby. They would walk under the stars. Tony have them stop in front of the pond. With the moon, star, and the sound of water Tony was going to tell Steve that he loved him. The plan was perfect.
Tony couldn’t help but smile every time Steve told him he loved him. He was in his private lab working on the AI program that he is making. Looking at the time and seeing that it was 3:13 Needing to buy stuff for dinner Tony left his lab with a smile.
“Tony I couldn’t understand that.” Steve said and pulled slightly away from Tony.
“Oh it’s ‘Ollie’ now? What’s with the stupid hand talking, Tony. I can hear you!” Steve growled. Tony had no idea what was happening. Steve was acting really weird.
“Tony no talk about work.” Pepper said as she came back with the drinks, and started handing them out. ” Here you go guys. There is now a tab going. Which means get more when you want.” The table thanked Pepper, and started the drink. Tony started to defend himself to Pepper, so he could continue talking to Bucky.
Steve moved in the next day most of his stuff was already a Tony’s so it wasn’t hard. So now it was time to start looking for a place for them to start anew. This is where everything started going wrong.
“Hey, Pepper.” Rhodey smiled.
When the night was over everyone but Tony was drunk. Tony couldn’t help but chuckle when Sam and Rhoney started singing. Tony know that they need to call it a night. After call for three cabs. Herding Pepper and Rhodey into one of the cabs, he gave the cab driver two hundred, and then shipped them his apartment. Then did the same with Sam and Bucky only sending them to Sam’s. The last taxi was for him and Steve. They would be going to Steve’s.
“Okay Pep I need to leave if I’m going to make it on time. Also Pep I’m not the kinda guy that goes wam bam thank you mama.” He said as grabbed his wallet and keys. Before closing the door he hear Pepper shout
“What is it?” Bucky asked.
“I really don’t want to talk about it right now.” Tony replied before taking another bit of pancakes.
Steve paid and the student walked off to make their order. The boys made their way over to the table Steve had already chosen. Tony sat there not knowing what to say.
Once in his room Tony looked down at the key that clenched in his hand. There was red bleeding on the silver of the key. Tony found crescent cuts in his palm for his nails. Sighing Tony just put the key on Steve’s side of the bed. Tomorrow Tony would give him the key.
Wow Two updates in one night!! The last chapter has been written for a while, but I wasn't sure about it. Then Taylor Swift came out with folklore and I was inspired. Guess what song it was.
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming home?” Tony asked, his voice muffled in Rhodey’s uniform.
“Steve would be mad, because this is what I’ve been working on in the lab. I keep forgetting things, so I can work. I know Tony you need to sleep. Tony you have to go to classes. Tony you need to eat. I’ve heard it all before. It’s I work on something and it becomes my world. Steve doesn’t like it when I don’t take care of myself.” Tony rambled out. Never saying the real reason, but the way Steve’s arms tighten around him. Tony realizes that Steve knows he isn’t telling the truth.
“Tony where are you?” Steve said frustrated.
“ Here it is” She held up a slip of paper, and walked into the backroom. She came back holding Steve’s bouquet. “Here you are Mr.Stark.”
“ I just want a pint.” Bucky said.
Tony must have fallen back to sleep at some point. When he opened his eyes again he found Steve looking at him.
“I’ll work on it Steve. I really want this to work too.” Tony sighs. He’s just happy that Steve isn’t leaving.
Tony didn’t feel like sleeping in their bed alone. Instead he made his way to the couch. He found a blanket left there from a past movie night. He curled up and cried. From now on he won’t push Steve in to letting him pay for an apartment.
The ride to childhood house was long. The taxi pulls up to the house. Before the taxi driver could say how much Tony handed them $300, and got out. Looking up at the mansion he sighed and walked to the garage.
The plot has started. I know make happy noises. That's it for now humans!
kudo and comment!!! Thank you for reading!
“Oh, I was wondering if you would be up for being the first one to test it. Oliver and I can’t really test it fully. We need someone who doesn’t have an arm.” Tony shrugged,” You just need to come in one day, so we can do measurements and all that. Then give me a week. Come in again and you leave with an arm. Every couple of weeks you come in and me or Oliver will check everything over. After a year of that, given everything goes fine, you are done with the test, and just have an arm.”Tony looked at Bucky hoping that the man will say yes. If he doesn't Tony’s going to have a lot more work to do.
Tony looked at the time. It was 12:13 which meant he had just enough time to eat quick sandwich, tell Pepper, take a nap, Pepper barge in help him dress, and get there by 6. Oh how he wishes that could be the case.
“ I’m glad I could help. What are plans for today?” Tony asked.
The rest of the night went well. They cheered for the brake though. They told stories better left untold. Tony didn’t care about anything else at that moment. This was a moment he wanted frozen in time. Frozen so he could walk back into it sit on Steve’s lap and just be happy. This was a moment that Tony wanted to hold close so when the bad times came him and Steve were fighting. He could come back to it and remember that this is was worth fighting for. Tony could help but hold on to it and never let go.
I'm a day late and a buck short. Sorry I had an english paper to work on. I hope you like this new chapter though.
“If Tony’s paying. I want three fingers of the good whiskey.” Rhodey said.
“Was it an accident or was it on purpose?”
With a sigh Steve takes Tony’s arm. “Okay,Tony.” With a sweet kiss the two boys walked into the restaurant.
"Oh. That." Steve murmured quietly. "It’s not that big of a deal, really. I'm just... self-conscious about it."
He whined, barely holding back from rutting into the bed.
Peter nodded, tugging his penguin up to his chest before climbing into Steve's lap.
He nodded softly, cuddling up to Steve until the nurse came with her chart, quickly taking Peter's blood pressure and temperature.
"We would have come here to help you in a heartbeat if we had known. If you're ever down, you can always call any of us."
"Yeah, oil smoothies will most likely give you indigestion, not a laugh," Tony giggled, despite himself, "Oh, God, we just all need to laugh. But you know what's so fucking horrible about all this? I'm not even crying over Howard. Bastard deserved it."
"S'rry." Steve hummed, leaning up with sleepy eyes and looking at Tony. "You're just s'comfy--" he hummed, choosing to cuddle into Tony's side instead.
“Well it got you my number, so I think I need to hear the story.” Steve smiled.
Me: Hey love do you want to have dinner tonight? My place?
“I love you.” Tony whispers, not looking Steve. Steve’s arms tightened around him.
“I’m so sorry Love. Me and Oliver were in the middle of a thing and I forgot. I promise to be there as soon as I can.” Tony promised as he began to gather his things things from the lab.
“6 o’clock”
Steve yelled at him for wanting them to have a good life together. Then he left. Tony thought about how Steve doesn’t want him to have a lab at home. Was He really that coutup in work that he didn’t realize that Steve was unhappy with him.
There it was Steve was happy that he made the arm, but wasn’t happy that it was made because of him. How would Steve react if he found the paints hidden from the world. The thought of how made Tony shiver. It seemed that Steve thought that he was cold. It would make sense given it was March and they were both naked. Steve left Tony back into his bed and covered them with blankets.
“They are mine that I accidentally left at the old place?” Steve sighed.
“Is that all it takes to get in your pants? They just have to give you coffee and your pants drop?” Pepper smirked.
“Wow, that is crazy. Wait how are you 24 yet your dad was 25 during World War 2?” Steve asked
As they are looking through listings. Tony could help but be frustrated. Every place that Tony liked and could maybe fit all their needs. Steve would say no to.
“Wait you mean the whole shebang?” Pepper said waving her hand up and down her arm.
“What do you mean that there was a chance that the arm wouldn’t work? You told me the arm was in working order.” Buck said his face laced with concern. He kept looking between Tony and the arm.
“There’s a person that does that for me. His name is Happy. Don’t let that trick you. He’s a grump, and my bodyguard sometimes. I don’t normally need him around, so he does things like that for me.” Tony shrugs off. As he leads them to the park. For the I love you.
“Don’t worry about it Steve. This is our six month anniversary. I wanted to treat you.” Tony smiled, as he got of the car. He tossed the key to a Valet and opens Steve’s door. “Come on Superman. We have a dinner date.” Tony says holding his arm out for Steve.
“So what do you think Steve?” Tony couldn’t help but smile. He was sharing a part of him that few had seen. He hasn't dated anyone that wasn’t after his money. Then Steve showed up and didn’t care. Tony loved that and want to show Steve everything. Tony wasn’t scared of him leaving.
“I’ve been working on the arm with Ollie?” Tony replied and sighed out of habit.
“Yes to the wine.” Tony smiled to Steve. Who just looked scared and nerves. “We want one glass of the E. GUIGAL Côte-Rôtie La Mouline 1990. Thank you.” Tony said. Turning back to Steve he couldn’t help but smile. Steve looked at him strangely when he asked for one glass, but he didn’t ask.
Time flew by with days lost in the lab, dinner dates, and classes. Before Tony knew it fall was winter and was turning into spring. Steve’s art was finding its way into his apartment. His clothes end up in his dresser and closet. Steve stayed more at Tony’s place then at his apartment. Even with that Tony barely saw Steve outside of bed. He was so busy with finishing his doctorate and running his R&D lab.
“Why are you laughing?” Bucky asked. “ The arm didn’t do what I wanted.”
Steve was drawing something. Tony smiled as he watched Steve. He was just so goddamn beautiful when he worked. The way his forehead creased, his upturned lip, his focused eyes, and how his hands moved across the paper. Tony could watch him all day. Steve looked up at him, and smile crossed Steve’s lips.
“Okay Bucky once I finish connecting this we are going to run some tests.” Tony said clipping the straps that would hold the arm to Bucky’s body together. “Ready to start the tests?”
When he got home bags in hand. Tony put everything in the kitchen and turned on the radio and started on dinner. He was dancing around the kitchen in his socks, as his sauce cooked. He used his spoon as a microphone and Tony signed out the lyrics. He tried his alfredo sauce and found it needed more pepper. As he got on his tallest tip toes, Can’t Help Falling In Love With You, started. His shirt was riding up when he felt cold hands land on his hips. Scared Tony turned and jumped around only to find Steve looking down at him. It was times like this in the year that they had been dating that Tony really noticed how much taller Steve was then him. He could be in Peppers highest heels and just barely met Steve’s height.
“Dang. I guess I will get the New York cheese,please. Also what super man over here wants.” Tony said saddened by the lack of coffee.
The morning light was seeping through the windows and on to the waking bodies. Tony couldn’t help but smile at Steve’s scrunched up face as the sun hit his face.
“You think I want that?!” Tony asked, breathing speeding up.
”Tony, last night you said I would be mad at you for building the arm. Don’t say because you spent more time in the lab.” Steve asked.Tony knew that this was going to happen to day but he hoped for later.
“That sounds like a good plain Love.” Tony says. He slid his hand over to Steve. They sat there holding hands and smiled at each other thinking about the future.
“You’re one to talk. You look like a model in the tux.” Steve said still blushing, eyes racking over Tony’s form.
“It was an accident Tony.”
“Tony Stark table for two” He said. The girl looked at Tony and Steve with a smile. When she saw their conjoined hands her smile fell.
Tony was halfway through his day when he remembered that he needed to text Steve about dinner.
“Hey, Rhodey.” She smiled back. Tony was happy that his two best friends liked each other. He doesn’t know what he would have done if they hadn’t.
“Tony make it go away.” Steve cried as he turned to his lover. With that Tony pressed kisses all over his face before going in for a morning kiss. “T’anks better now” Steve smiled.
“Where are you Tony?” Steve’s voice came through the phone. Tony couldn’t help but smile.
“Of course I’m getting my Phds. My dad says that I a failure ‘Tony you should have been out of college before you were 20. How are you my son.’” Tony said imitating Howard’s voice.”Me and Howard never agreed on much. Anyways enough about me. Why art?”
“It sounds like you really like him Tony. Not just for his coffee.” Rhodey joked. Tony looked down at his hands. Even though he had only been on one date with Steve, Tony had fallen for him. Normally, this would scare Tony, but this time he couldn’t wait for more. With a smile he looked up.
“ Who else would be paying?” Pepper said. At that Steve and his friend looked concerned. Steve’s arms tightened around Tony at the same time. “ What about the rest of you guys? It’s all on Tony.”
After Steve talked about his friend Tony started thinking of how someone go on making an arm that would work like a normal one.
Tony smiled as he walked to class. Maybe today wasn’t turning out to bad. Now he just had to deal with mister “I know more Physics than you do so shut up”. The man sucked at physics. Tony was constantly correcting his work. At this point He was practically teaching the class. This is what he gets for trying to be normal.
“So Bucky. I have a proposition for you.” Tony said. Bucky eyed him. His face showed Tony that he didn’t trust him. Although he understood that in the fact that he was a new person. Tony wondered if there was something else to go along with it.
“I’m here on a date with Steve here, Tina” Tony said smiling. Tony went here a lot. Normally, he had Pepper or Rhodey with him. This isn't some where he takes date, but this isn’t just any date. It’s Steve. Tina smiled at Tony lead thing to a table in the back. Never looking at Steve again.
Steve even said that he would be here for dinner, so where was he? Tony didn’t have anything to keep himself occupied, because he promised himself that today was a no work day. Looking around his apartment for something to do while he waited for Steve to show up for their dinner. He looked at his bookshelf in hope that there would be something he wanted to read when he saw the coloring book Pepper had left at his place. This a shrug He grabbed it and the box of color pencils that sat beside it. With that he fell into coloring the pages, getting listing in the feeling of pencil on the paper. Slowly the page filled with color.
“Honestly, I love art. I love the emotion that art holds. Sometimes the artist doesn’t know the emotion the painting holds until years later. Even then it holds a moment in time that the artist found important.” Steve looks down and shakes his head.” I know that sounds strange, but really that’s why I went in to art. That and I like to draw. From what I hear I’m pretty good at it.”
“Hello, my superman. I’m sorry I was late.” Tony said into Steve’s ear. He heard Steve take a breath.” I was a bad boy. I need to be punished. How does that sound? After this we head back to my place, and you-”
“I made you some food.” Steve said as he carried a tray over to Tony. It was a baking sheet. That made Tony smile.
“What was that for Tony?” Steve said breathless.
Before Tony knew it, was Friday night and he was running late. Steve told him that everyone was meeting at The Ant-man Bar. It was a little hole in the wall place.
“God Tony Do you know how sexy you are?” Steve asked, as he kissed down Tony’s neck. Leaving bruises in his wake. Tony nodded and moaned at the feeling of Steve.”Tony you have no idea how many people were looking at you. There you were sitting on my lap. Showing the world you are mine. That I’m the one you go home with.” Tony felt Steve’s hands sliding up his side and lifting his shirt.
“Okay.” Steve said. Silence fell over them as they finished eating. When then they were done Steve took everything back to the kitchen. Tony lied back on the bed smiling. Tony herd Steve walked back to the room, but when he didn’t come back to bed Tony looked up. Steve was leaning against the door frame. He was looking at Tony and smiling. Tony could feel this butterflies flutter.
“Umm, it’s a lot to take in Tones. This place is fancy. I’ve been somewhere this nice. I don’t even know the wine you ordered.” Steve sighed. Tony’s smile feel a little. It’s okay he just has to help Steve understand. Right?
“What are you looking at?” Tony asked.
“Umm I have class today and that’s it. Why?” Steve asked as he opened his eyes. It took Tony a few seconds to answer too lost in Steve's eyes.
Right then Tony and Oliver got to work. They worked the whole day. By the end of the day they were done. Tony couldn’t believe it.
“No, I need caffeine or I will die!” Tony said pulling out a twenty and handing it over to blond superman,”keep the change by the way.” Tony said as he walked a way to wait for his “coffee”.
“Tony it’s 4 o’clock you need to get up.” a female voice told. Tony sighed, turned away from the voice, and tried to go back to sleep.
“Holly shit Tony that huge. It’s going to change lives. Change to fuck world.” Pepper paused, “Maybe even SI.” Before Tony could respond everyone else wanted to know what was happening.
“Where have you been?” Steve said irritation was bleeding through.
Panic still hold his breath hostage. Tony exited a cab and walked into The Ant-Man. The place was a little hole in the wall. It had Christmas lights hanging behind the bar that took up a third of the wall on the left side. Plants in in front of the window. The booths all on the right wall. Tables filled the rest of the left wall. The back held a jukebox next to a large Hello Kitty.
When the waffles were gone. Steve started talking again.
Once Tony entered the coffee shop only to see that they got a new barista. He looked like a blond Superman. Tony stood in line trying to think of a good pick up line to use on the blond man. Slowly the line got shorter and Superman got closer.
Steve release Tony hands. Only to wrap his arms around Tony. They stand there looking at the pond. Tony might be worried that he was going to mess things up.Steve was everything he wanted in a partner. Pushing those thoughts away, Tony lens into Steve.He felt safe right here in Steve’s arms. This is where he belongs.
“As much as I do love coffee. I used it like smokers use gum.” Tony said without a second thought.
“So could we do this again?” Steve asked.
After that god awful class Tony was done for the day. This meant he could go home and crash. He lived a couple of blocks away from campus in one of the larger apartments. He lived alone more often than not. His best friend Rhodey would took the guest room when he is home from the air-force.
“Tony I told you I want to help out. You shouldn't have to pay for the place I live. Tony I don’t need an art room. You don’t need a lab at the house. Actually I would love it if you would leave your work at work. A lab would mean that I wouldn’t see you ever.” Steve grawled. He didn’t look happy. “We are going to have an apartment that I can help pay for, because that's how it works Tony. A partnership shares the burden of life.”
“Of course I will tell you when I’m stateside. Missed you to Tones.” Rhodey detangled himself from Tony.”Now tell me about this person who took you on a date.” Tony dragged him back to the couch that Pepper was still on.
Hello Humans!! I am Alive!!! I have been working on my mental health, and still am. It makes it hard to up date every week.
“Why are you always with him Tony? I haven’t seen you more than maybe four times in the past month and a half.” Steve said his lip curled in a snarl. Just like that the light around Steve changed. He was no longer soft. He was big and scary. The light behind him amplifying the hard edges it once softened. Closing his eye Tony pushed back the memories of Howard.
Tony walked up to the hostess.
“ Tony did you bribe them to get you coffee?” Steve asked.
They looked at each other for a few seconds. Tony stood there as Steve grabbed his keys and left. The sound of the door slamming finally broke Tony.
“I was working in the medical R&D labs. You see Oliver, was helping with is prost-”
To: Steve
By the time they found an apartment that Steve liked and Tony could maybe live with. It was august and Steve was back at school for his last year, and Tony was working on the arm not thinking about the night that Steve left him.
“Okay,but next time tell me when you are coming home. I missed you Platypus.” Tony said looking up at Rhodey.
“Tony,” Howard ground out,” I heard that you were working in medical. I must say I was surprised that you want to do something for someone else. Then I heard that you were close to making working prosthetics, not only that you were do a live test today.” Howard looked down at Tony. Tony wasn’t sure what Howard was getting to. He felt that he was mad that tony was doing something that he couldn't do, or if he is happy that there is a new thing that could get him money.
Wow this guy was smooth was all Tony could think as he read the message.
“I wasn’t laughing at you. I was laughing at myself, because how in love with you I am.” Steve whispered as got back into the bed and curled around Tony. Tony turned around so he would face Steve. Steve smiled down at him and kissed him on the forehead.
“Wait you’ve been working on this since our first date?” Steve asked.
Steve stood in front of him and leaned forward. Tony couldn’t help that he flinched.
Tonight though Tony was going to do something that could change their relationship forever. He was going to ask Steve to move in with him. He had a key made and bought a stupid keychain that said “I love you” with a kiss print on it. Tony knew that Steve already had a key to his apartment, but that was normally Tony’s spare and it was given off handedly. This key was Steve’s and just Steve’s.
Tony was curled up on the couch working on his designs for a robotic arm. He the robotic worked out without a doubt. The thing that kept causing him problems was the outside of the arm and weight. He couldn’t make the arm too heavy or too light. Being too light wasn’t going to be a problem. Trying to lower the weight of everything was. Sighing Tony closed the laptop. Know that it would just frustrate him further.
“No, it’s a palate cleanser.” Tony responds, Steve raise a sceptical eyebrow. “ It is Steve. It makes it so the desert won't be tainted by dinner.” Tony whines. Desert fallows short after.
“They are beautiful Tony. Thank you. I love them.” Steve went into his apartment to put them in water.
When Tony opened his eyes he was confused as to why he was on the floor. His head hurt and his eyes felt dry. With a sigh he got up to get some pain medication for his head.
“Tony that’s all you did last year.” As she continued to laugh.
“I wanted to come over and say I’m sorry. I a.. I” Steve rubbed the back of his neck,” I got drunk last night with Bucky, and don’t remember much. I remember coming over here at some point, but I woke up in my bed. Yeah, the thing is Bucky told me I was acting really mean. If I came over here, I probably said some things that I didn’t mean.” Steve sighed,” I just wanted to say I’m sorry for anything and everything I said.”
