Surprise! We've switched to John's POV.
At this, the edges of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up, his head cocking to one side. “Alright,” he said with a new tone in his voice. He explained thoroughly, albeit rapidly, how he knew John to be an army doctor, to be on his first date in a while, and of his lack of connections.
The sounds pierced through his attempted escape into his mind palace. He could hear reality, though he loathed it. John was leaving. He knew it from the pacing in the room beside his. He heard it in the opening and closing of drawers, the frequent zipping of a bag, the rummaging through bedside drawers. He read John’s anxiety, as clearly as he read his certainty: John was leaving because of him and there was nothing he could do. He would, instead, remain here and imagine, for the rest of his days, what more could have been.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” came a low voice from directly over his soldier.
“But wh-”
. Chose love over safety, over any other damn excuse your brain is giving you to walk away.”
The next chapter is Sherlock's experience during the same time frame and is completely written but requires heavy editing. Gimme a few days and it'll be up. :)
“Sherlock,” he said, beaming. “What’s yours?”
“I think they’ve got the right idea, actually,” Greg said, placing his contained bass against the wall where it would be safe while he joined his bandmates for a few drinks.
The second hand moved with the faintest of melodies that fell unheard upon John’s ears. The only audience for its tune was the furniture- an unappreciative audience. Rather than register the passage of time, John’s mind blocked the sound behind a thick door of thought.
OR on Dreamwidth:
“Mary.”
Watching until Sherlock disappeared in the distance, John took a deep breath, closing his eyes to remember every detail of the beautiful evening. This wasn’t the end of it, either. The thought put an honest-to-God smile on his face, a ridiculous smile that was undeniably one of someone who was falling in love.
He should have learned long ago not to ask how Sherlock knew things like this, but he asked nevertheless: “Blimey, how’d you know?”
“So,” he responded after some time in silence, “you don’t think they’re ugly?”
“Home, probably,” he said shrugging.
The third scotch grew warm in his stomach when it happened. Mind swirling, senses dulled, the words slipped out unbidden:
In the dim light of the moon, John could see colour leave Sherlock’s face.
Yet now he sat fiddling with his silly Christmas sweater and John was delusional with desire. He thought of the sweaters he owned, wishing Sherlock would stroke his jumpers like he was stroking his own.
somebody to stab you and they actually did it?” He was quickly realizing he wouldn't be able to properly fix this wound with the shirt fabric in the way.
If you share this ficlet collection on Tumblr and tag me (@itsalwaysyou-jw) to help get this work exposure, I will:
“I did not!” snapped Sherlock, a red flush coloring his face that was unrelated to the alcohol.
John was laughing despite himself. Philip Anderson, the lawyer. It made perfect sense. He was always analytical, nit-picky, technical to a fault, and mistrusting to boot. “Yeah, that sounds about right. Good for you, mate!”
Love is a dangerous disadvantage. He couldn’t believe he got sucked in, his heart so thoroughly full of love. He needed to forget, needed to get high. He needed to get higher and higher until it consumed him and the pain was tolerable.
“That’s what I thought,” he said, correctly interpreting John’s brooding silence.
“I can’t tell you what the answer will be,” said Sherlock, staring where John’s eyes were despite their coverage. He wanted John, whenever he looked up, to see his emotional sincerity in every word. “That’s impossible.” A deep breath steadied his next words. “But this thing between us- John, it’s bigger than what we can see.”
Sherlock’s eyes glinted in the dim light of the flat. Wide and loaded with emotion, they stared directly into John’s and this- this intense eye contact- was more intimate than any physical touch they’d ever shared. John’s eyes, exposing a terrifying vulnerability and marked with tears, met Sherlock’s understanding eyes to convey dizzying passion. He couldn’t bear to blink, lest he miss even one minuscule moment of this connection with him.
“John,” Sherlock said one last time, barely taking in air. When John opened his eyes, he saw a crazed desperation in Sherlock that hadn’t been there before. “Please.
“I’m certain I was playing circles around him when I was eighteen.”
Wow. This was a very exhausting but rewarding challenge. I am going to take a (much needed) break from writing for at least a week and then I will be setting off on my biggest fic yet titled Welcome Home. I can't wait to spend more than an hour on a fic! I miss planning and subtext and metaphors and intricate details. I'll get to that in a moment.
“You want me to come with you?”
It all moved in a blur after that. He was lost in thoughts that were turning from euphoric to distraught. The band disassembled, they exchanged small talk and packed away their instruments. Sherlock fiddled with the microphone and the hem of his sweater, uncertain where his actions belonged in this throng of dismissal. He didn’t want to go and yet-
He plopped onto a kitchen bar stool that teetered left and right due to a manufacturing defect. Desperate, hungry fingers wrapped gratefully around a bottle of cheap whiskey and he twisted the top off expertly, flawlessly.
“The band. Our band. It’s good,” he said simply, and that was the end of that. “Who’s your friend over there?”
John’s stomach simultaneously flipped and churned. Were they on a real date? Were they mates having a meal? John had repressed his desires for so long, he wasn’t sure how to be open about expressing them. Was this man- this beautiful man- offering proper dates? Could John even bear to open himself up to the desires he’d always secretly dreamed of?
There will be psychological exploration, slow-burn Johnlock, mystery, fluff, angst, post-WWII social commentary, and much much more. I'm still in the research phase but will start writing soon.  If you are interested in reading, please consider subscribing to my page. OR you can like or reblog
There are times, following the consumption of a decent amount of alcohol- of which nine shots certainly qualified- that a person doesn’t know how much they’re impacted until they stand up.
These drastic style changes every day are giving me whiplash.
His heart was thumping out of his chest, the pressure settling with discomfort over his chest. He placed one foot in front of the other in his distant motion forward, a bit too aware of four bewildered stares as he crossed into their circle of familiarity.
“Come on, sir. I’m dyin’ here,” John begged, his eyes wide with an attempt to portray every sincerity. “The whole town’s giving me the same runaround; not a gig in sight. The only thing I live for is to play. If I can’t play… what’s the use of me making it back?”
playing second.”
John’s eyes flitted away from his, his hands wrangling with the mangled mass of cloth that was his shirt.
“Out with it,” John continued relentlessly, bu still the smile on his face was light and encouraging. “What are you scared of?”
“Is there anything I could say to you that would make you hate me?”
“You set a romantic scene for me.”
) writing angst. I'm an addict and my "fix" is writing misery.
Then, sudden and loud, a rapid succession of descending piano notes filled the air around them. An 80s synth melody so intoxicating, he immediately arose from the booth, his unfocused eyes finding his friend by an ancient jukebox.
The detective was motionless on a stool, his mind evidently far away from the rest of them. There was a chorus of nervous shuffling amongst the bandmates as they waited in the green room for their slot. Sherlock, meanwhile, sat completely still. He could have been a statue of angelic stature were it not for the slight motion of his stomach that signalled breath.
It should have been no surprise that, as early as he arrived, there was but one person already there. James Sholto sat rigidly still upon a stool, his head rotating only minutely when Sherlock’s footsteps reached his ears.
John was definitely going to need a chair. Or possibly a drink of water. Or perhaps he simply needed to be nearer this man. They were near enough to hear one another but three meters was too far for the thoughts racing through John’s mind.
“N- Yes- I mean-” His mind was on fire, so terrified that there was no way out and terrified of every horrible thing that could happen if John couldn’t understand that all this time they’d been mistaken- it was all so obvious now.
“Please,” begged Sherlock in a wildly erotic whine. “Please, Captain.”
Please. Five minutes typing to say you can’t remember? You’re lying. SH
Only seven more! Thank you for reading. <3
“Don’t make me get ABBA again,” threatened Lestrade in a serious tone.
On Winder Avenue, everything was soft in the spring’s night. A gentle wind blew delicately along the bushes, the blooming flowers moving minutely as the soft air shifted around it. It was a street silent with every occupant along its expanse resting in a deep slumber.
He was silent for a moment, his mouth a hard line as he thought. “I’ve never successfully worked a case with another person before tonight.”
The day started decently enough as he took a seat in the back of his classroom. His desk bore unsettling graffiti and he counted four- no, five- separate perpetrators. Making every effort to avoid staring at the defacement, he felt the vile words burrow deep in his mind, a dreadful virus penetrating his defences. Still, he kept his mouth shut.
After some time, Sherlock's drunk mind demanded sleep. When he fell sideways into the booth from exhaustion and refused to get up, Lestrade denied his request to let him sleep in peace. Getting up in a mess of limbs, Lestrade stumbled away where his eyes couldn’t follow.
With a burst of flavor, the cut above Sherlock’s lip split open and introduced a distinctly metal taste in their shared kiss.
“Yes, they’re for you.”
He promised himself that he would just go in to check whether anybody else played a move on the chessboard, but he was kicking himself for hoping. After all, it would probably be weeks before somebody decided to engage in the game he’d begun. It was a stupid hope. But it was all he had.
His hand lay still upon Sherlock’s, the contact growing cold as they remained there. Growing, like their relationship, uncomfortable and strained.
The kid was smart, he would give her that.
“Stay with me,” begged Sherlock in a tone whispered below breath. A fresh burning returned to his eyes when he said the words, the sincerity of his longing filling every crevice of his existence such as he had never known before.
"I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose." -A Study in Scarlet
Sherlock turned to look him in the eyes and, for once, John made no effort to disguise his thoughts. He hoped every single thought was as clear as text for Sherlock to read.
“Well if
“Can I help you?” she asked, not unkindly, after several moments of loaded silence. Her eyes were constricted with curiosity, though John felt no hostility in the stare.
“No,” choked out John in what was a truly pathetic sob. “No, it was not about you at all. It was me- all me.”
“No, not particularly.”
Sherlock Holmes.
the intensity of Victor’s thought process as though it were a physical wall pressing against him. He read tension in every muscle of his friend.
“No,” interpreted John again with a depth of kindness in his eyes. He looked directly into Sherlock, a light smile reassuring his nerves. “It is. It’s too slow. Hey, Greg- kick up, will ya?”
As far as he could see, he had two options: throw it in reverse and gush his denial
He clicked a wink at the lot of them and clapped Philip on the back before sauntering off to the lobby.
It was a small win, but it was a win. A win that he had desperately needed.
“Doesn’t matter,” growled Sherlock, lifting one hand to the back of John’s head to keep them linked together. The pair moved against one another, their mouths exploring and nipping until John was acutely aware of how uncomfortably tight his trousers were.
In the breeze, a lonely leaf is torn from its tree branch and floats away, the beginning of a long journey it will endure until it settles into a new home. It occurs to Sherlock with vivid clarity that it is the nature of the life to float aimlessly, a simple act of treading water before finding one’s home.
good on you.”
“How the fu-”
The voice came from his right and he nearly tripped over himself in his motion to rotate and find the source of the sound.
“No,” he said, looking at the star in John's hands. “You do it.”
“Look at me,” Sherlock softly commanded, willing his eyes to convey the sincerity of his words to the beautiful man laying next to him. “We’ve both searched our whole lives for how to be whole. Together we are pieces of a puzzle that fall into completion.”
That said, are there any guesses who will the star of tomorrow's POV? :)
Sherlock’s eyes were wide with alarm, terror, and another emotion that John couldn’t recognize. Guilt? Embarrassment? “I said it’s nothing, John.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed, and in his name there was a horror beyond recognition, his eyes gleaming with a hint of understanding.
“Can I help you?” he asked with attempted severity but instead only achieved a sort of choked quality.
A smile spread slowly across the perfect, swollen mouth and his head raised enough to make eye contact with John, still on his knees before him.
“You-” Sherlock was trembling, too shocked for tears or even a hint of emotion upon his face. He was dead-pan, only the wavering words exposing deeper waters. “You killed him.”
“I think she knows more than she’s saying.”
Find me on Tumblr, if you fancy it:
“You killed Victor.” Sherlock said it with such finality that it enacted his tears, finally streaming freely as the truth hit him in full at last. Sherlock’s hand went to his mouth, his gaze finally moving from John to an unfixed point, as though the escape from this lay somewhere visible in the room.
Three, including myself. SH
Bursts of color appeared behind John’s eyelids at the connection. Sherlock’s lips moved to meet his and softened after the shortest moment, molding around his own in an infinitely intimate moment that John never wanted be free from.
Sherlock shrugged, the corners of his lips falling minutely as he formulated an answer.
“That really was something,” he said shaking his head.
“Bill Wiggins. Known primarily by his surname.”
Sherlock is 72 years old and Baker Street is long gone. Now he spends his days tending to a wonderful array of bumblebees, drinking in every passing moment with a content pleasure that fills his heart with delight. Beside him, always beside him, is John Watson wearing an oversized sweater that doesn’t fit his shrinking frame. John has a smile that he doesn’t know is there. It’s the sort of smile that comes from a blissful soul.
So Sherlock would blame Mycroft. It was certain. Sherlock already resented him for so much, after all. He would cling to his grief and resentment until it poisoned him thoroughly. His emotional, impulsive brother would never grasp what it was to have a duty more important than personal desire.
how that man was, didn’t he? “You can’t be serious?” An uncertain chuckle shook his voice, but the attempted casualty was clearly a mistake.
Watching the lawful union of his best friend to another soul was agony beyond torture. Watching in silence was nearly impossible. So difficult was the task of silence that his expressions betrayed him several times. It was too difficult to keep both his voice as well as his muscles in check.
, Blimey Sherlock what the hell?” he asked ask Sherlock moved closer- too close- and nearly gripped John’s arm from across the table.
John’s eyebrow cocked up on one side. “Oh yeah? And if I don’t?” he asked, a daring, playful note dancing in his tone.
“Hey!” he shouted, resentment ringing through his voice and body. “What are you-”
He was on his feet before the first “
John smiled through his puzzlement, more than content to share. Still, frustration mingled with confusion within him at the behaviour displayed by Sherlock thus far. His demeanour during practice had been standoffish, even rude when John had attempted conversation. Yet he’d accepted John’s offer to go out. Now he maintained a distant connection while offering to partake in shots. It was throwing him, this uncertainty. Furthermore, he was uncertain how to behave in return.
John gripped sloppily at the edge of their booth table, his eyes falling in a lame attempt to centre him.
The words were unexpected, but his response was as emotionless as the machine within him could manage: “Don’t be.”
The last door held the most precious memory of all- the one he would spend the rest of his life holding in his mind as well in his heart.
He had nothing.
Removing his lips, he dragged his tongue slowly from the base of Sherlock’s dick to the head, where he covered it in a new layer of thick saliva.
Find me on Tumblr, if you fancy it:
This story picks up immediately after the last sentence of the last chapter. Originally, it was going to be all one chapter but I wanted to separate them in the event someone wasn't interested in the smut portion.
“And is it worth it?”
It had been a perfect night.
Sherlock shook his head, eyes far away. “I would consult with Victor but… he didn’t fancy working the cases. He was always much more artistic than he was analytical.”
“Stay with me,” whispered Sherlock, placing his forehead against John’s, closing his eyes and attempting to throw every emotion he was experiencing into the three short words.
It was a set-up box approximately 21 centimeters width and height with a depth of 10 centimeters. The lid was snug. Clearly, this box was purchased for this specific purpose and only used when its owner put in its contents. This box was not well-worn nor opened frequently to access its insides. The bow, a dark purple to contrast the lilac of the box itself, bore marks of attempted elegance, but the bow was uneven with frayed edges where the maker must have used their teeth or dull scissors to cut the ends. Evidently, it was important to present to box in a pleasing fashion but not critical enough to warrant taking extra time or resources to make it perfect.
As for Jonathan, the most thrilling part of that saga has already been told. After Philip realized he had feelings for him, those feelings wouldn’t be silenced. Nothing of their dynamic changed, but he spent most of their time together pining after the gorgeous young man. Jonathan proceeded to date a respectable string of women and Philip learned far too early in his life what it was to squash down jealousy that would threaten to consume him.
“We’ve got them beat, though,” said Greg easily, though his shaking hands that itched toward where a flask usually hid betrayed him.
Context: this begins mere moments after Sherlock and John leave the "Rache" crime scene at the beginning of ASiP.
John focused intently upon the facts. “She’s dressed nicely on the surface but her dress is old, her stockings painted on, and her jewelry. So... she’s faking it.”
“I already know what you drew,” he said with a roll of his eyes. “And I know I’ll never forget. I know you’ll remember and I know the gesture meant more than the art did, which would have washed off in my shower anyway.”
John’s trembling fist collided against the rustic wallpaper, the resulting crack a lament for everything they’d worked toward. The pain of impact didn’t register, the faint calls behind him from his bandmates landing mute upon his ringing ears.
I'm simply saying that if the coupons don't prompt a discussion, I could forge a different sort that would. John wouldn't know it's fake and Sherlock would be surprised into telling the truth. I have my ways of spectating on those closest to me to see such a course of action is necessary or now.
Lestrade wanted to spend time with him.
“No.” The sincerity he answered with stunned John, body freezing until Sherlock released him with a continued explanation. “I really was given a 4-F classification. That part was true.”
Sherlock was perfectly still, no retort for John’s admission of guilt. His hands were white and red with pressure on his knees, his face screwed up in forced-neutrality.
John realized with a flurry of nerves that in the frenzy of it all, he hadn’t thought to look at the menu. Sure, he had scanned the thing when he first arrived but hadn’t decided on anything. He opened his mouth to ask for more time when Sherlock spoke for him.
Wiggins nodded, that same vacant stare directed at nothing in particular in response to his words. “Killer diller, Cap.”
Faced with painting the skin beneath him, John’s legs were spread onto either side of his hips, uncomfortably aware of the sculpted muscle beneath him. He hadn’t thought of what to paint and had rather assumed an idea would strike him when the moment came. Instead, he was fixated on the pattern of damaged skin and became consumed with emotion.
Philip’s eyes were intent upon a notch in the wood for a long moment before he looked up again, slowly, and replied, “I know.”
During his years imagining it, the situation would change, the scene around them would change, and the exact dialogue would change. However, at the core, one thing remained true in all his imagined reunions: when John discovered the truth, he would be overjoyed at his return.
“See that man over there?”
Are you coming? SH
Thank you for reading! :)
go. If it didn’t go the way he expected, brakes were visible in his alarmed eyes. In this moment, Sherlock looked positively frantic that John apparently hadn’t been about to ask the question he thought he would. Yet it was something more… That look was the insinuation that
Leave it to Sherlock to have the exact statistic at hand. “Piss off,” he said, his smile ruining any semblance of sincerity. “Mind if I join? Unless I’m mistaken, you were going to teach me some invaluable lessons on… what’d you call it? The
“Doctor Watson?” floated a voice that was unfamiliar. “Where am I?” It shook the world around him, the dazed illusion cracking into shards around him. Why was this coarse, grating voice barging through his crafted dream?
” -Oscar Wilde
If the rest of the world hadn’t fallen away from John, he would have noticed the sly stares and whispers shared between employees as the two men made each other's acquaintance. As it was, however, John paid no mind. There was only himself and Sherlock Holmes in the world, only the two of them at the beginning of something wonderful.
He walked toward the dusty grand piano that took up the better half of his living room. It’d gone unplayed for so long, he felt a pang of guilt when he slid onto the smooth, glossy bench. A warmth filled him, glowing from his fingertips that were ghosting across abandoned keys to his toes as they teased the edges of the metallic petals.
He was all angles, cheekbones protruding to accent deep eyes, framed by a bushel of dark eyebrows. His cheeks were sullen, his jawline defined from a long, dainty neck. In fact, many aspects of the man were dainty, contrasting by simultaneous edges and mysterious attitude.
Sherlock’s long fingers rapped along the table thrice before they extended to reach the tray of shots. Anticipating John’s mirroring motion, his hand flew up to block John, wagging a finger at him.
There was a possibility that John's decision to come to this specific bar was a mistake. The music was loud, the air was viscous with breath, and the people were boisterous.
Warmth grew between their bodies, his heart beating rapidly in response. The angle of Sherlock's cheekbone against his head was a welcome sensation through the emotional pain that had plagued him for so many years.
“Sherlock, I have nearly no words to express to you the guilt that has plagued me every living moment of my life ever since I walked out that door. The moment- the
“Who?”
There was a ball of anxiety suddenly present in the pit of his stomach. He wasn’t sure what to say, so he decided on: “I mean I know his name was Sherlock Holmes. How do you know him?”
. It’s just good logic to remove oneself from the chemical defect of love.”
“From the bridge everyone,” John called over the new bass and drum line. “Sherlock- let’s go from
The man across from him seemed to read his thoughts, suddenly moving to a more professional posture, his hands clasping each other. “I apologize, I have misread- I mean to say, I misspoke. Forgive me.”
Alright, fine then. He would do it. For Sherlock, of course.
: a noble hero who comes to the rescue.
“I sure have,” said the man with a knowing smile.
It was a freight train causing his world to teeter. It was an impossible hope causing his brain to completely shut down. It was a confession that surely exposed that this was all a dream, surely.
He shrugged. “What can I say? I really didn’t think he’d do it.”
With a smile he couldn’t have fought off if he tried, he said slowly, “That would be a fucking gas.”
“Excellent intuition,” praised Sherlock and John’s insides flipped with joy. “No, they are not. One more, John.”
“Er-” His eyes darted to the bar where the bartender stood cleaning the counter with the same rag he had used to clean the glasses.
One night, after everything has broken apart as much as it could possibly break, John attempts to fix it all.
It wasn’t a question, but he answered nevertheless as he rose to face Sherlock, “Yeah, I reckon I am.”
“If she’s so easy then why are we still on the case?”
A knowing smile crossed his face, nearly all of his teeth exposed at the width of it. “You said you never understood it
The returned question impacted them both. An unspoken admittance of what was never supposed to be vocalized.
It was unparalleled misery.
The simplicity of it. Sherlock had spent so much time identifying the possibility of lies, he’d never realized they only needed to change their frame of reference.
John walked slowly toward the table, trying to ignore the way his feet stuck to the floor as they moved one in front of the other. He slid himself into the seat opposing Sherlock and was relieved to find that the seat and table beneath him were perfectly clean. Distantly, he wondered if the cleanliness of this booth was specifically for Sherlock- or perhaps because of him.
John Watson!” Al shouted, nearly tripping over his feet as he shuffled to clap John lovingly on the back. His knees buckled under it, the pressure unforgiving against his still-tender injury. Al Hodges was the owner of one of the most successful jazz bars in Cardiff. A large man, his fashion was nevertheless impeccable with a finely tailored suit stretched across a robust stomach. He had a round nose with kind, sparkling eyes above rosy cheeks. “How long you been back in town, soldier?” Al’s booming voice was audible and distinct even above the music in the air.
They finished with a flourish, Sherlock’s heart racing unexpectedly fast. He gripped the inactive microphone with two hands, his smiling eyes looking at John as they finished together, reading each other's intentions in every small movement of their heads, John even adding a run of vocalization between Sherlock’s breath.
Philip looked between John and Greg, silently seeking answers to a question he didn’t want to ask. “What do you-”
“Er- a bit.”
The affair with a woman who held no candle to him. The woman- a safe choice even in this turbulent affair- was a meager attempt to achieve something similar to what he left behind that night. His frenzy to choose any option other than the desperate, all-consuming love currently at 221B made his heart ache with longing.
Regardless of speculation, there seemed to be no answer at all for how it had all gone so wrong. The hours John spent dwelling on the disastrous conversation in his mind were simply wasted minutes in retrospect. Yet he could not tear his mind away from trying to figure out what had happened.
It was hard to speak to him. It was hard to think of anything to say at all. He fell silent and before long, it had been quiet for too long.
His mouth hung open slightly. “How did you know that?”
“Philip, you skinny son of a bitch!” came a laughing boom of a voice from somewhere to their left and both of their heads turned simultaneously to the source of it.
It was not deserted outside, though it was eerily calm to his ringing ears. There appeared to only be pairs of people out here, most of them embracing one another. His fingers itched to remove the wristband that was suffocating him.
“He’s the best there is. If you want perfect, I know a guy.”
The man’s hand jumped to his mouth, clearly attempting to cover yet another smile. “Sure thing, mate. Just off a case, knew you must be starving. Not a good practice to drink with nothing in there, you know.”
I see no joke. Boudoir shots of my brother would be the perfect gift for John Watson.
“Don’t you say that,” snapped John with a viciousness that cut through him.
“Oh, come
“Yes, my love.”
Who was this Sherlock Holmes who was cold and distant as well as warm and compassionate?
“And?”
“I think you are,” poked John, raising his eyebrows accusingly over the glass in his hand.
.” -Criss Jami
“I mean he ran from me- literally ran from me.” He picked up a cold, slightly damp chip from the plate of pub food. His mind told him that eating it would be a perfectly acceptable thing to do, so he ate it. “He ran fast, too. Couldn’t wait to get away from me.”
Was it his imagination or were the words loaded with animosity?
He was helpless to do anything but stare at her. His mind was weighing the probability of this being Victor’s wife- but surely she couldn’t be. He’d described her as tall with full lips, black hair, and brilliant eyes.
“That's my confession for your shot. I- I write songs. Compose, I should say. I don’t just… sit around writing poetry. I find it thrilling, putting mixed pieces together in a cohesive unit. It… is nice,” he finished, wincing as though it were the most humiliating thing he could have admitted.
The path beneath him was so familiar, there surely must be an indent in the rug from the continued, unending pressure of his feet along this path. Doors stretched along either side of the corridors he journeyed past, thousands of possibilities available to him and each door offering a unique option. Of course, despite the volume, he’d been inside every room of this wing of his Mind Palace multiple times; it held every memory he’d ever stored away pertaining to John.
“Of course,” choked out John.
The man who opened the door stood impossibly straight, his body aligned in a perfectly perpendicular angle to the floor beneath him. He was dressed to the nines considering the fact that he was simply residing in the comfort of his own home. John had the instant impression that this man would never be caught with a single hair out of place.
Yet he was early and without his desktop to occupy his attention, he took to watching his classmates enter and reasoning how many hours of sleep they got, whether they shared a bed with a sibling (and if so- sister or brother? Older or younger?), or any other information he could accumulate based on the provided evidence. Anthony slept alone in a bed that was too big for him for roughly nine hours. Steve slept with a sibling- no, two siblings for four hours, but not consecutively. Margaret slept for seven hours with no interruptions but something delayed her falling asleep. Perhaps fighting parents? Perhaps discussing something of interest with her brother? Or perhaps-
“No.”
, John just wanted to understand what went on in that mind of his.
“That,” said John slowly, the words feeling coarse against his dry throat, “was utterly spectacular.”
“Colour me impressed, buddy.”
He could see it all. He could taste it. At the same time, it was slipping from view. He hung his head, the familiar burn behind his eyes threatening to overwhelm him.
I was inspired by this lovely fanart:
(See the end of the chapter for
Then, inevitably, John would retire to bed with murmured adieus that left Sherlock simultaneously elated in the remaining effects of his presence and empty from his departure.
person: one who is subjectively evil.
“Sholto,” John said softly. Sholto’s eyes slowly came back into focus on him but John knew the imperfection was still in his mind like a tick buried under his skin. “Your conditions?”
With a clap, he responded, “That’s the spirit!”
, Anderson!” shouted Tobias, rolling his eyes.
Now, for the first time in his life, he was not outside the moment with a lens of analytical cynicism between himself and the world. He thought he knew now, for the first time in his life, he was a part of something.
Yes. The cream always rises to the top. But if nobody drinks it- if nobody knows it- it’s going to spoil.
The duality of Sherlock’s will was tearing him in two. One part of him was screaming to consume the letters in quick succession, devouring the content like the ravenous man in love he was. The other part of him- the part screaming in agony- was demanding to walk away from the ink confessions held within those deceptively benign envelopes It caused him extraordinary pain to read what he had done to John. It was worse to know what Sherlock had missed.
Hooray! World building! Hold on for dear life, folks. A slew of characters and literary devices will be introduced within the next couple chapters. I promise Sherlock is coming, fear not. (Also, in case you're worried, I promise this is
The entire conversation had hinged on his knowledge. He’d confirmed it, they were speaking of the same affliction. Unless- It slammed together in a flash of light and the scene fell away from him altogether.
“Name them,” John ordered, willing to agree even without hearing them.
“Oh, stop,” said Tobias. “He’s right. You’re better than John, anyhow.”
Perhaps this is what he should have said. Perhaps that is even what he should say now. Perhaps he should explain that while John thought him dead for two years, Sherlock had endured torture and sorrow beyond capacity but had survived it all by recalling John’s existence. He continually reminded himself to survive for John, stay alive to see John, return to London to reunite with John.
Joy crumbled his self-control and relief pushed him one-half step closer and looking into those familiar eyes, he thought John must surely feel his short breaths upon his forehead.
? Attracted to
“Sorry?”
why did his mind gone directly to Sherlock when a woman had kissed him? He was frozen, unsure of what to do with any of his limbs, unaware of whether his eyes had fallen shut on his own accord or if he’d shut them intentionally?
John gasped, his voice having reached a pained shout that ripping him directly down the middle. He felt that one whistle of wind would disintegrate him altogether and he only just managed to ask, eyes lifted to the other men at last: “I think we’re entitled to travel first class.” Silence. “Don’t you?”
He rolled his eyes dramatically, his hand gesticulating around him as he scoffed, “My ‘newfound attitude’? What ‘newfound attitude’? I don’t have a ‘newfound attitude.’”
Sherlock’s breath came out in uneven measurements. His vision was blurring on the edges, his hands tremoring until he strained from the effort of reading the shaking words. His eyes shot immediately to the pile of letters he tossed aside so nonchalantly a short minute ago. The letter on top was addressed “
A long silence stretched after the words. Despite the silence, he knew John wasn’t asleep due to the irregular nature of his breathing. He allowed the silence, though there were about a million things he wanted to say. Instead, he ran through every series of words he had ever wanted to speak aloud, prepared to say them if the opportunity came. He wouldn’t allow himself to stay silent- not anymore.
(And yes, Sherlock was 100% lying when he said he didn't know much about music.)
John’s eyes were wide toward Sherlock, breathing through his nose, and hyper-aware of Sherlock’s fingers pressed against his lips. He couldn’t think straight, couldn’t remember who “she” was that Sherlock was talking about. The cuff of Sherlock’s sleeve was soft against his cheek, their chests aligned in tantalizing contact that seemed not to impact Sherlock at all, though it threw John’s entire world off its stable rotation. They were pressed together and John was grateful that Sherlock’s intense focus was directed somewhere other than John’s flushed face and panicked behaviour.
“Now hold on just a moment,” John rushed to interrupt. “I’m not- mad. I’m not offended. I’m… confused.”
GET OUT!
“There was an ambush,” he said, voice trembling over every letter. Tears fell silently along his cheeks and he could no longer bear to meet the wide, terrorized eyes that looked unblinking upon him. “We were in the trenches and we weren't prepared. The man next to me was shot as he laughed at a joke- that I made. It was sudden, it caught us off guard and I panicked. Victor didn't.”
“That’s bullshit, Watson,” said Tobias. “None of us would be here without the promise of the reward.”
“Yeah.”
John melted under the heat of those penetrating eyes. “I suppose I would like to imagine that you don’t know anything that I haven’t told you.”
“Excuse you,” said Sherlock with ire and John was thrilled to find him so easily baited. “My range is fine and I have been trained-”
“I need this,” John continued. “The reasons I need it are the same as yours- the same as Greg’s and Philip’s. We
There was nothing to do but laugh. Through the insanity, through the unlikely truth of it, through the tense knowledge, they could only laugh. Sherlock’s laugh was a deep, reverberating thing, warm enough to heat the space between them.
” he ordered himself, forcing his eyes closed. It felt like sandpaper and keeping them closed felt unnatural, uncomfortable. With an angry huff of air, his eyes snapped open once more and his hands worked in knots over his stomach.
But it was a silent night at 221B.
His words came out as more a plea than he’d intended but he allowed the raw emotion. He watched as Philip’s face processed the information, eyes searching John’s. “You want me?”
Now that she was gone beyond death, how could he ever be with him?
from the musical in order to avoid some pretty huge spoilers for this fic.
“Yeah?”
“He gave me a grenade, told me to wait for his signal while the other men got into position. When he shouted for action, I-I threw the grenade.”
Reconnecting with John Watson brought forward feelings that he had believed had dissipated. Rather, it turns out they were simply dormant, waiting for his return to awaken. He’d always thought maybe- just maybe- John was hiding a part of himself as well. Actually, Philip still thought that. It was a beacon of hope for him, this minor, microscopic possibility that he wouldn’t have to be alone. Or at least, it
The dimly lit room was suffocating him, the solitary light illuminating Mycroft with a darkness befitting of the demon he was.
He couldn’t stand it. Couldn’t stand this proximity to Sherlock with so little of their skin touching. With his surgeon’s hands, he worked to undo every button on Sherlock’s shirt with a speed that impressed them both. When the work was done, John pulled away to appreciate the flawless marble body beneath and the action of removing himself resulted in a whimper from the man, now denied kisses.
“No, it is,” rushed John with a wave of his hand and Sherlock stared at him with an open mouth. “It is,” he continued to assure. “The tempo is all wrong, isn’t it?”
,” he said, clearly frustrated that John wasn’t picking up on what he was saying, “it’s a song about love lost but hope for the future. It’s a song that reflects every single gold star man and woman and family out there!”
“Any reaction you’re privy to would be great, actually.” The anger was burning in his veins, the audacity of this reaction toward his confessions. Sherlock knew- he
been?”
The effects of their shared shots were now diminished to next to nothing, though the high of their shared exhilaration- in the case and in their conversations- kept them unnaturally giddy. It was true that neither of them could recall the last time they’d felt quite so sincerely happy.
“Does that mean you’re in?”
“It was ‘43, actually,” corrected Philip with something that almost resembled a smile. “This is John Watson, the man I was telling you about. John, this is Gregory Lestrade.”
John looked as though was barely able to believe it. His smile was one of disbelief, his eyes narrowed and suspicious even as the expression upon his face radiated true joy. “I would say- Well, I would say that you’re- you’re wrong.”
“Ah.” He considered this and John prayed that he would stay silent this time. “Are you going to school? Or going for cash?”
Enjoy this AU!first meeting ficlet since my readers seem to enjoy them.It's a long one to go out with a bang.
“You’re feeling alright?” John’s face as a mask of concern and it was more pity than he could bear to be directed toward him.
The pretence of rebellion fell away between them. It was a tangible difference, the universe between them dropping down hostile and demanding barriers to make way for something that almost resembled truth. It was closer to Sherlock now than it’d ever been before.
? John wanted to ask, though dared not move his lips against the skin of Sherlock.
Sholto cleared his throat, shifting with visible discomfort. “In many ways, this contest is a fool’s dream.”
There, in that question, was the truth of his anger. He was enraged with Sherlock because he loved Sherlock, always had, but had stayed with Mary anyway. Through this choice, he had bet every future happiness on her being worth what he gave up.
unf, don't you just wanna grab them both and make them kiss?
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com
Oh, Gregory.
White is the colour of light, innocence, and safety. White is a complete reflection, the inability to absorb colour at all. It is a mirror of brilliance, symbolic of fresh beginnings, goodness, and purity. The colour white is unable to be used for cover because it is blinding in its brilliance.
“What’s wrong?” asked Sherlock, words piercing through the dense cloud of silence surrounding Victor and his head rose slowly to blink at Sherlock.
“Meaning?” prompted John politely.
Victor’s hair, shaggy and wild, floated with the grass in the wind. His eyes were sparkling just as the water did, pupils small with daylight and irises consuming the territory. He stared wistfully around the meadow and Sherlock stared wistfully at him.
“I didn't say anything!” Lestrade threw his hands up in innocence. “Just didn't expect it is all.”
itsalwaysyou-jw.tumblr.com (writing/Johnlock blog)
“You saw him, surely. He’s homeless and high and there’s something... not quite right-”
John hadn’t the slightest idea what made him think that this was a possible task for him. He’d dedicated himself to simply doing it, but the idea of looking Victor’s wife in the eyes… of explaining to her...
The gorgeous lush who plays bass is trying to keep the memories of Dachau at bay. Before being recruited to the band, his nightmares wouldn't permit him to sleep through the night. Seven months later, the drink is still an extension of his hand and memories still haunt him, but all is not hopeless.
All lies. John’s shame threatened to drown him in its thick intensity. Paired with the dense regret from his too-recent decision, he was unlikely to ever find himself back to solid land.
“You free tomorrow?”
“For me,” John shrugged, attempting to match the cool indifference being directed toward him. “Unless you want one.”
Greg said he was jealous.
He held the letter at a distance from his damp face, drinking in the words as his last remaining source of life. He re-read sentences that brought him some semblance of joy with dizzying repeation, closing his eyes and imagining he could
Seconds felt like days, like years of restless craving for water that couldn’t come.
“Please, you insult me,” he said, though his playful expression was at odds with his words. “I worked with my brother on certain classified projects- intercepting messages and attempting to decode the secret language, that sort of thing. I worked briefly on some undercover diplomatic work, posing as my brother while he worked unsuspected in other sectors.”
“No.” The word was chopped and John continued fiddling with papers without purpose. “Just going to head to a pub.”
was his therapy.
Greg would have clapped him on the back and told him to have a bit of Christmas spirit.
With a full band, practice for their first gig can finally begin in earnest.
Being friends with John Watson was green: healing, relaxing, and comforting.
Sherlock looked nearly ready to disagree, to argue against John’s brilliance, but instead he nodded and solemnly agreed, “Yes, that was quite impressive. Not bad at all for your first go.”
Sherlock took time to consider it, attempting to remind himself he didn’t need to lie- not anymore. It was a challenging habit to break for someone who was so comfortable with hiding the truth. “John, your name is like beautiful art. I say it softly and it’s as though there is music playing. If I say it loudly, it’s as though I am praying. John, your name fills every gap that has ever existed, cured every illness. It’s brought to my attention the power of words, the power of- of love.”
John.
In his peripheral vision, he saw a sweep of blonde hair and assumed- hoped- she was looking at him. Her eyes were narrowed, she was leaning closer, possibly wondering “
After careful deliberation, Mycroft had obliged his request with the all-too-important stipulation that neither of them was allowed to tell Sherlock. He forged a draft letter and pretended his hands were tied.
” with two haphazardly boxes beneath the question. He had been able to successfully (and truthfully) check the box that said “no.”
Mycroft was not an expert in emotional displays. He was an expert in reading people. He could read motive in behaviour, locational history in stains, and thought processes in bodily motion.
She shrugged, picking up a few old newspapers off of the sitting room table. “You just deserve a break from staying home with me every day. It’s good to see you so excited about something.”
Crushing regret.
He was wearing a robe of plush green material and John’s astonishment turned into a state of confusion. Who was he? What was he doing here? Today wasn’t- was it? But long fingers worked at the string of the robe and John realised that today
"Yes, of course," Mycroft responded.
He was just about to start shaping his eyes when he glanced toward the model again and saw piercingly bright eyes already staring right back at him with a scrutinizing intensity. Nearly jumping, he looked immediately back to his paper and pretended to continue but could not bring himself to focus on what he was supposed to be doing. The ghost of that stare left him with goosebumps all over his body.
The truth was revealed as the pair were participating in a passionate embrace nearly two months later and John’s hands clasped desperately and unbidden at Sherlock’s back, fingers registering the slightest of texture underneath that cursed shirt. His hands froze and, too late, Sherlock understood the source of the halted motion.
“Right,” John said with a curt nod. No big deal…
Sherlock appeared so extraordinarily handsome, John could have written a sonnet based on his beauty. Although, in truth, the lot of the men were looking dapper. Each appeared that morning in the best clothing their closets had to offer. John, even, had sprung for a modest suit using a bit of the money they’d acquired from their continued gigs at various clubs throughout town. They had discussed the potential of performing in their respective military blues but ultimately decided against it. After all, this was a radio broadcast; they only needed to impress the live judges and a modestly sized crowd.
“Were you there when it happened? When Victor- when he- got hurt? Did you see what happened?”
“Thank you,” he answered, timid in the rush of endorphins that raced for dominance of his humility.
The steam was diminishing, the tea in his hand growing colder with their conversation. He took a long sip of the beverage, relishing the warmth it filled his stomach with and desiring the same impact on his heart.
He was undoubtedly stunning and talented, but even these qualities were not enough to ease the resentment that raged inside him at the sight of him.
“Gregory-” started Tobias.
He claimed a desire for safety. He claimed love for Mary. He claimed no realistic future for with the consulting detective.
It was so much easier to lean into it. Be “that asshole” who makes deductions. That “freak” who nobody likes. That way, he controlled it. That way, he would never be disappointed by the fact that he couldn’t obtain a friend for the life of him.
John gawked at him, unable to keep a disbelieving smile off of his face. “You can’t be serious?”
That’s what he needed now. He needed the escape, needed to forget all of this.
He knew he had to move out of 221B to spare himself (and Sherlock, too) unnecessary pain even as his heart constricted painfully at the thought.
So here he was: nearly twenty-eight, a virgin, fixating on his studies to cope with his memories and feelings, and nowhere nearer reconciling his sexuality with the expectations of the society around him. Instead, he was in deeper trouble than ever.
Her laughter stopped as suddenly as it had begun, crashing into a wall of silence. He jaw slackened and she looked taken aback. “I’m sorry, were you not joking?”
“So you came with me. The streets were quiet, the snowy nighttime providing the city with a surreal atmosphere.”
“And? What of her dress?”
John’s heart elevated in his hollow chest, a warm sensation radiating from deep within some dimly lit place inside him. “You got it.” When Tobias simply provided a tense nod, John added, “You wouldn’t happen to know anyone- has to have served- for drums? Or trombone?”
They both smiled then, the warm feeling returning to John as he saw the smile lines that formed around the man’s eyes.
We have reached Sherlock at last. For reference as the years change in this back story, he was born in 1920.
“Yes,” said John through tight teeth. “But the fuzzy socks are warmer.”
case,” John said, exasperated.
If ever there were a worse position to live in, Sherlock would love to have heard it. As far as he was concerned, living with a handsome soldier )with whom he shared a profound connection) and being unable to profess any sincere affection was a nightmare akin to legitimate torture.
“Say, how are
“You would agree, I’m sure, that our kinship is a product of fate and the existence of your detective work?”
“You’re a soldier right?” he asked, eyes darting to the empty glass. “I was, too.” John said nothing but simply continued to stare at the man who seemed so much like himself if he were to be stretched taller and perhaps made a bit more handsome.
He was all darkness and angles, his eyes and the hollows of his cheeks shadowed with defined features and impossible cheekbones. Dark curls cascaded over his forehead, hanging long close to his shoulders but infinitely stylish. He was an ancient sort of beauty, though he was surely John’s age-perhaps a bit younger. He was almost difficult to understand, surreal with perfection.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered again, hoping he could convey a sentiment that would fill the gaps in his sincerity that his words left.
Why didn’t Sherlock listen to him?
The atmosphere at The Wallace couldn’t have been more drastically different than that of The Crescent. While their standard hub was lively, well-lit, and alive with a crowd of socialites eager for an opportunity to engage in conversation and dance, The Wallace was a dark, quiet place, an escape for the daily turmoil of its patrons. Still, a gig was a gig and a bar was a bar.
John felt the beginnings of a rebelious smile tugging at the corners of his hardened lips. “I daresay we are.”
It didn’t have to be that way anymore. He could confess his sins and plead for forgiveness from Sherlock. John could choose- here and now- to cross the bridge. To tell Sherlock everything, to break down and succumb to exposing every drop of regret he’d been dwelling in.
Then the full weight of the situation crashed over him. John was slouched slightly from his previous upright position. His arm was extended around a curled form whose head was resting in the nook of his arm, nose pushed against his peck. John's own cheek was pressed against the top of a head of soft, luxurious curls. Curls John had dreamed of brushing, grabbing, pulling, touching in any capacity. Now he was pressed against it, sticky with proximity and elapsed time.
“Don’t,” said Sherlock, his panic coloring his voice with unsteady urgency. “Listen- Just- I don’t know what the future holds. Who could ever? All I know is- in all the time from man’s first breath until God’s last warning- you and I are just one second. We are spinning past each other for this moment- this one split second. Right now, right here, you and I have only this one second together. But together, we have a million more miles to go.”
“Oh,” he said, though his face was still crestfallen. “Still, great to see you! I was certain you would come to a later rehearsal. Didn’t expect you at the very first one after our set.”
The words, swirling with intention and emotion, were 697 knives in his one lonely, weak heart. They should have killed him, these innocuous, insidious words. This should have been it- the grenade to end his life the way that grenade ended Victor’s.
A strange laugh. His floating voice was asking another if they were alright.
“Chance, my dear Watson!” his hands flew up, his smile remaining kind.
happen. That’s insane.”
Sherlock started, eyes flying to scan the man who was shooting fleeting glances while handing the smiling cashier a bundle of one pound bills. His blond hair was cropped close to his head, a clear military cut. This was supported additionally by his posture: rigidly straight, his motions precise and clear cut. Though he held himself with power and control, there was not much else remarkable about the man; an estranged family, clear physical and mental trauma from the war, and alone in his routine of life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s eyes were wide upon him, fixing him there with his shame to drown him and he was helpless to move while pinned under that gaze and
The waitress returned then, her hands baring their scampi di gamberi. She placed both gently down before them, steam rolling off the food in a fashion the filled John’s mouth with saliva.
Miraculously, his cheek twitched with a hint of a smile, though no such smile broke out. “You astound me, John Watson.” The sentiment was abrupt, unexpected. John started, praying his cheeks would not betray him. He was about to stutter out a nonsensical response when Sherlock continued, “I told you. I have a brother in high places.”
“So,” he practically shouted, desperate to get that look off of Sherlock’s face. “Who is it?”
“Moving that pawn would have allowed a checkmate on black’s very next turn. It'd have been a nail in your coffin. Instead, you should move your king and use your remaining knight to take out the pawn protecting
Thank you for reading, I adore you all! <3
Rebuilding his life with John Watson was purple: vital, sacred, and requiring the stability of blue with the passion of red.
He’d initially dismissed Mycroft's insistence that this case needed his help. He'd only agreed to it when Lestrade read through the case and convinced him that he was the only one who could solve it. Though he would rather shave his head than admit it, it was proving more difficult than anticipated.
“Damn it,” he repeated in a whisper this time. One long breath of air sustained him before he rose from his bed and travelled into his kitchen, dragging his feet all the while.
“I will be here every morning and I will love you infinitely,” he vowed.
Slowly, Death’s head shakes, his chilled hand removing itself from the gloved-hand of Sherlock. “No,” its solemn voice says and the vision begins to fade away. “You live for-”
He swallowed hard against the thought, guilt surging through him for a reason he couldn’t pinpoint. He narrowed his eyes at Sherlock suspiciously. “You’re sure?”
The light waned outside their window as they sat there and Watson observed his friend’s eyes glaze over once more as he escaped into his mind. He couldn’t say how much time had passed before Holmes spoke once more, resulting in a jerk of his hand that would have caused a mess of tea if the cup hadn’t nearly been empty.
“Tell me what colour my hair is.”
“John,” he said after closing his eyes tightly to sort it out in his mind. “Ask me- ask me if I’m a consulting detective.”
When he reached the building, he changed out of his button-up shirt and black slacks into a warm robe. He wasn’t the slightest bit worried to be naked in front of strangers; the human body was not something to be goggled at or embarrassed by. He had a job to do. He was a bit worried about how he was going to analyze the classroom when he needed to keep his eyes in one place.
“My love, I will tell everybody in every way accessible,” John vowed.
Four down, three to go. They're getting easier to guess as our list of characters dwindles down. :)
“Say that again,” he croaked to the memory.
The detective and the soldier trail a murder suspect around town while keeping themselves occupied with the company of each other.
John’s eyebrows were stitched so closely, they were a hair away from touching. “What are you on about?”
… Right?
“I- Yes? What are you-
“You don’t have to do this, you know.” Sherlock’s voice was so small, so loaded with a vulnerability John hadn’t known he was capable of.
“Cufflinks,” Sherlock said with a shrug. “And you’ve applied cologne. Not a far jump.”
Over the years, with practice and dedication, he became quite good at finding loopholes: he could nod and shake his head if the question was yes or no, though his neck would get sore for up to days afterwards if he did so. He was additionally capable of answering yes and no questions on paper, though he couldn’t force his hand to write the full truth without the prompting. He’d learned that when a girl in 6th grade had passed him a note that said:
“Fine,” Sherlock said with sudden resolve, taking a shot glass in each hand and drinking them simultaneously. His face twisted as it went down, his mouth downturned in distaste even when he slammed the glasses back onto the table. “If you do a shot, I do a shot.”
He then took another drink and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder. “Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock but there’s a beautiful dame all by her lonesome that requires my charm.”
I’m surprised your tiny legs could successfully make such an enormous leap. SH
The two clapped each other on the back in an embrace and grinned jubilantly. For one small moment, there was only the two of them, reunited after a long separation. Yet John saw lines on Philip’s skin that weren’t there before, saw the dulled light that used to illuminate his eyes, and noticed the hollowness of his cheekbones that exposed rapid weight loss. Their smiles fell in unison, each taking in the changed appearance of the other and recalling the cause of their separation in the first place. No longer were they starry-eyed boys concerned about book analyses or due dates.
Tears pricked at the back of his eyes, the burning pain foreign but unmistakable. He would be damned if he let John walk out of here like this night meant nothing.
They were good. They were
Philip shrugged, eyes glued to the instrument in his hands. The room was milling with action and their ancient friendship felt familiar yet strange, warped by tragedy. “It pays well, I suppose. But it’s really just to get myself through school.”
He finalized the explanation with the smallest of sips from his glass and John found himself suppressing a smile and an eye roll all at once. His insides were warm and light with alcohol and his extremities were losing feeling. Indeed, he had to remind himself that he’d also had two drinks at the last bar to avoid feeling like a light-weight. He’d only had one beer here.
Positively fuming, Sherlock spoke through tight teeth. “Drop it.”
“Oh.” There was a long silence, John shifting uncomfortably between the balls of his feet and Sherlock looking around uncertainly. “Right.”
I'm seriously missing the Johnlock element and I'm sure many of you are as well. I hope you will maintain some patience as we explore these other characters. I promise the Johnlock love and drama will return in full swing very soon and it will be worth the wait.
3. He is going to fall in desperately in love with John Watson.
As per tradition, John brought their star to Sherlock with an extended hand. He was reminded vividly of how excited John had been to get the star. He thought of how John had insisted on its importance. How he beamed when the task was done.
His stomach lurched uncomfortably, driving his thoughts away from the death that was creeping up around him. His thoughts spiralled, always spiralled, always to the same place.
“You’ve rather shown your hand there, Doctor Watson,” Moriarty had said.
Mycroft’s prediction was right, his eyes rolling pointedly as he placed the box aside without withdrawing the contents.
“Look at me," John continued. "Look at everything I’ve gotten myself into, and look at the life I’ve built for myself. Once you do that, I need you to tell me: do you know something I don’t? Because I see no way to be with you. How can I possibly stay with you? How do I leave everything behind? How do I tell people-”
“Fine,” he muttered. “One more, then.”
“Well the case had gone a bit off track, hadn’t it?” Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes as though he were in the right. “The plan was flirt to get information, John. The plan was not to seduce her and take her home. You were compromising any promise of that lead.”
John choked on air, eyes widening with shock. “
The woman caught John staring, flashing a smile of vivid teeth and John turned rapidly, his head downcast in embarrassment. He hadn’t intended to stare.
He didn’t particularly feel like explaining to this stranger that he’d already been to school. That he’d love to go back and get his medical degree but he couldn’t. Instead, he just grunted “Cash. I need the cash.”
“What do you say?” mocked Greg with that heart-melting smile that made John certain that he surely couldn’t be
(John and I have one thing in common: we're not great at chess. I know the rules and I win occasionally, but there is a chance there is some technical error with my writing here. If there is, I beg forgiveness.)
John was frozen where he stood as he wondered what to do. “Do you think maybe you could move over?”
Sherlock smiled, a haze of drunken joy painted along his long, angular face. “Not bad.”
As always, find me on Tumblr:
Imploring eyes searched John’s for honesty. “Promise?”
John wiggled his glass as he caught the eye of the bartender to wordlessly request a refill. “Something like that, yeah.”
Victor looked incredibly small in death. He laid on his back, his hair was unruly, matted to his forehead in a mixture of blood, skin, and dirt. Where his skin wasn't blown off completely, it was caked in a revolting mixture.  His hands were limp, folding in on themselves. One was hanging off the poorly constructed cot while the other laid on his stomach. His eyes were open and only by looking through his inanimate eyes did Mycroft truly understand and appreciate how much life they’d held before. While the sounds of a dying battle raged outside, Victor's chest was eerily still.
It was worth this temporary gap of passion: his chest exposed by a shirt and silk robe that were both falling to the side. Sherlock’s head still hung off the chair, rolled back from the euphoria of the moment. He was so beautiful, it seemed impossible that he could be real.
One last time: Find me on Tumblr:
move. Black’s moves will be limited if you hide your king with this move and you’ll have a leg up.”
emotion doesn’t mean I am not in possession of any,” said Sherlock with a dainty wave of his hand that wasn’t holding his blended Mai Tai.
“I am scared,” confessed Sherlock in little more than a whisper, “to give in now and discover tomorrow, next week, next year, or twenty years from now that this is fake. I am scared you will leave me, chose another, or get bored and I will have live knowing that I’ve lost you twice.”
“Thank you,” he said softly, trying to memorize this exact moment, this exact brand of joy that lifted his heart to new heights.
They had both been hurt more than any two people should. Both been through more than either ever should have. John felt the blame of it all, the full weight of the loss he’d caused them. With one trembling step forward, his legs gave way and he was on his knees less than a meter away from where Sherlock sat. His body was wracking itself with silent sobs, his body trembling from the anxiety of being so emotionally exposed.
He honest-to-God scoffed from the ludicrousy of the question. “Of course! That was… brilliant.”
“What about him?”
John was only just now realizing what a wreck he must look. Soaked to the skin from the flood occurring outside, his hair was a heap of tangles, he made a speedy and ineffective effort to be a more presentable version of himself. These thoughts occurred to him because the man walking across the front of the classroom was quite striking. Enough so to encourage self-conscious thoughts. Black hair that tumbled in curls across his temples and impossible cheekbones lent him an air of elegance. Pale skin that glinted in the light and slender limbs were timelessly handsome and he could have belonged to any age at all.
In John’s eyes, Sherlock found sincerity, understanding, longing, and- much to his surprise- a glistening that betrayed John’s emotions.
John fixed him with a stare that he hoped would do all the talking for him. It was a look that said “you know I need more than that.” Several seconds were spent like this, each challenging the other to concede.
“Am I right?”
“I’m a bit strange. Some people don’t like it.”
Victor’s letters- his lovely words formed with love and thought and the very last of such words Sherlock would ever be able to cling to- were warped.
“Sherlock,” he said, eyes still not meeting him.
Sherlock Holmes doesn’t
“I think we should put White Christmas back in the mix,” grumbled Sherlock from over his shoulder. The breath of his words was warm on John's neck and his eyelids fluttered from the ecstasy of it.
“I’m sorry,” he uttered with unadulterated panic shaking his words. His eyebrows were touching on another, his arm steadying him against the brick wall next to the door. “Did you just- Did you say ‘he?’”
“I’ll keep an eye out,” he promised.
John crossed to shake hands with the announcers and, simply put, it was the greatest moment of his life.
“Cap-” he started and the word stuck in his throat like a fly in honey. “John. Watson.”
They reached for a glass at the same time, realizing simultaneously what the other was doing and reaching faster, the drinks positively flying off the tray and down their throats. Yet Sherlock’s glass was the first to hit the table upside down, a grin of exuberant victory painted across his angular face.
It was possibly the longest John could ever hope for this group to remain quiet. The thought would have put a smile on his face under any other circumstances.
She wasn’t. She wasn’t worth it and he damn near hated her. Hated her for not being Sherlock, hated her for being the source of his reasoning to leave Sherlock, hated her for shooting Sherlock, hated her for manipulating him, lying to him, and dying a death that prevented him from viably hating her for all these things. It wasn’t that she was gone and Sherlock had promised to try to keep them safe. It was that she died without granting him the gift of forgiveness. She died protecting the man he secretly loved, she was a hero, and John could see no end to the reasons why all of that made him a horrible, awful man.
“Ah.”
“Had a bit of service to take care of,” he said in way of response, pretending to be pleased to find himself talking to her.
Their eyes were still on one another, their hands placed on their bodies, their physical proximity entwined and about to be so in one additional way.
What were you implying? SH
“How kind of you,” purred the barista with kind, bright eyes. Her hair was pulled into a tight ponytail and bright green eyes landed on Sherlock as she continued, “What would you like, sir?”
“Is this a cruel joke?”
Unfortunately, Sherlock was quite talented in the art of doing things and had never been skilled when it came to not doing things. His heart continuing its dangerous pace and his breath trembling in futile attempts to provide his body with enough oxygen, he reached into the pile of letters and extracted another one at random- a smaller one- and read it with the impetuous passion of a man drinking water after being parched for many days.
They’d won and yet the opportunity would go to someone else. He’d prepared to lose. Prepared to win. He hadn’t prepared to get shot after crossing the finish line in first place.
to go on besides the feeble narrative the local police had provided him before handing over the case completely: that she’d had an affair and it had all gone wrong. It was impossible, a lazy, baseless theory from a lifeless police force.
“No.”
“But you didn’t,” contradicted John. “You didn’t leave. You were just… standing there.”
“So you just stayed home?” asked John, hating the edge of judgement that seeped into his words.
“No,” he said, shaking his head.
It was after all, on a technicality alone, a lie.
They’d been instructed to wait for further instruction in their dressing room. There was not a care to be had in the room or the world. It could have been three minutes or five hours and they wouldn’t have known the difference.
Several times (five, to be exact), John considered asking Sherlock if he wouldn’t prefer to return to the concert since his treatment was finished. But he couldn’t pull the words out; they were lodged firmly in the back of his mind and unwilling to budge even one millimetre closer to revealing themselves. Instead, he did what was infinitely the more selfish choice: he stayed silent on the matter.
Greg howled with laughter and John wondered how long the two had known one another to have this sort of relationships. Wiggins, laughing along, said in a nearly sarcastic tone, “I prefer this sort.”
If that was true, then...
- when I walked out that door. I will never be as happy anywhere as I am every moment I’m with you.”
“Excuse me,” said a voice so unexpected, John felt his body jerk in response, his heart skipping a beat. He found the source to be his waitress with her hands linked behind her back. Her head was tilted toward him, her mouth downturned and eyes wide and imploring. “I’m sorry, sir, it’s been thirty minutes. If you aren’t going to order, I must ask you to give up your seat to another couple- I mean-” her face flushed rapidly, her mouth becoming a thin line as she rushed to correct herself, “someone else.” The sentence was finished like someone who knew their words were pointless but needing to be said anyhow.
“Well find something quick, pal. I’ve been to three funerals this month. Nobody’s talking about it because those guys came back fine a while ago.”
His eyebrows moved together in thought. John had the impression that perhaps he’d reach his thoughts quicker if he were sober. “What is that- the Solomon Islands, right?”
Just like it was before. The war was over and now everything could apparently be exactly the way it was in 1938.
I want to shake our boys by their shoulders and scream at them that they are both drastically misunderstanding one another. If you spot a plot hole (for there is a big one in this chapter), I hope you'll have faith in me that I will resolve it. ;)
Bone-deep remorse.
John rather figured he knew what he was looking for now: not just what she was wearing, but the state of what she was wearing. His eyes flew to her pearls, shining in the dim light. Yet-
(See the end of the chapter for
: a list of acceptable, good, or approved items.
“You have to focus on that solo of yours,” chastised Tobias to Philip. “A slip like that might slide here but in front of a panel of judges-”
John suppressed the urge to roll his eyes and instead, closed his eyes and prayed for the patience to make it through this debacle without yelling at anybody. “Fine, Philip. We’ll give him the title of ‘
easy, John,” he said, words slurred. “You just need to pay attention.”
He got out of bed with a mechanical motion devoid of humanity, Victor’s blood still appearing before him in gruesome detail, and marched into the kitchen to stare at an empty fridge. He was grateful for the excuse to skip breakfast. There was no way to stomach a proper meal. Instead, he allowed the refrigerator door to swing closed and stood apathetically still. The floorboards were cold against the pads of his feet, the dim morning light illuminating only the vaguest shapes around him, the city silent with sleep. The silence pressed in on him, phantom explosions audible just barely beyond recognition and it was too much- too much.
“No, Mary,” he said, willing his temper to die. “None of it can ever go back to how it was before.” Her smile dropped, her body leaning from him ever so slightly and he panicked, needing to do this right for Sherlock. “But enough about me,” he said, false cheer oozing from him. “Tell me about you! How are you? What have you been doing?”
(The episode where Frasier tried to give himself therapy but he can't help himself. His mentor asks why he is trying to bury himself in psychiatric exercises and Frasier screams "Because it's all I know!" It's truly a powerful moment and I was thinking about it when I was planning this fic.)
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said with extraordinary hope.
“Beer,” he said hoarsely. Who
It was Philip. His nose was nearly pressed against the paper, his eyes narrowed as they flew across the words on the page. His words brought an eerie stillness upon them, the words processing repeatedly through every mind as they refused to sink in.
That being said, I am going to use artistic freedom going forward in this fic because I am deciding not to use any of the terms for gay people that were common in the 1940s in Britain.)
John realized, then, that it was not a simple bakery, as he’d assumed. Rather, he’d walked into a quaint coffee shop. Of the three patrons, not one of them looked up to investigate who, exactly, the stranger was as he entered the unknown space. Instead, John felt comfortable. Relaxed. Welcome.
a worse position to live in than the one he'd been in before. He knew it with certainty because this was it: John seeing Sherlock for who he really was and deciding that he didn't want him.
It was a cold December night in 221B, the fire raging to provide warmth as John sipped a bit of Earl Grey to equalize the warmth of his outsides and insides. It was a calm, peaceful evening when Sherlock flopped in with muffled footsteps and settled in without a word into his seat. His eyes were far away, unfocused.
Sherlock was the greatest fool on this planet. His regret swelled within him for hours as he lay there. The crushing sorrow wracked through his body for hours, his pillow beneath him becoming soaked to its core from his tears. Even when his body refused to produce further tears, his body refused to halt the physical routine of sobbing. He continued to weep, his muscles exhausted from the motion of it.
“She’s with a man- she’s giving him something.”
sorry! Please, let me help you!”
Thank you all for reading and thank you to everyone who left a comment and inspired me to write this sequel. If you are reading this, know that I appreciate you immensely.
“Right,” he said quickly, a flush colouring his perfect cheeks. “Well, what if I date someone- fall in love- and they’re really just a criminal mastermind who has formulated that plan to get me to trust them?”
“You didn’t hurt me.” His eyes were knives into John, unwavering, unblinking. John had been expecting an elaboration, but none came.
His eyes were wide, mind rebelling against what he saw.
Bringing John along on cases with him was orange: creative, emotionally energizing, and kind.
See, Private Lestrade- or, “Greg”, as he’d insisted Philip call him in private- was not just gorgeous, charming, and hilarious, but also damned flirty to a dangerous extent. Brutal nights on the frozen ground, covered with nothing but a thin, patched, military-issued blanket were made marginally better when Greg would offer up his own blanket to sooth Philip’s shaking body.
It seemed an inadequate explanation yet he understood that there was no possible way of forcing Sherlock to talk if he did not want to. Silence, after all, was the greatest lie. The emptiness within him was so profound, it was all he could do raise himself from his seat. He walked away without glancing back, without asking further questions.
Years.
Sherlock was silent, words visibly churning. He drummed his fingers for a moment before reaching for another shot and drinking the amber whiskey to fuel his thought. John, relieved, followed suit.
If you were truly on your way, you’d have been here seven minutes ago. Where are you? SH
The other members shuffled out after short practice while Philip was stunned to the place where he stood. He saw John provide the pair of them with one last glance before he, too, took his exit.
Are you going to come help me? SH
“No,” John teased, drawing out the word dramatically. “That explains the tree, the garland, and the lights. It does not explain, however, the candles. They're not decoration, they're- scenery?”
The words were a perfect ray of sunshine to cast away every trace of black clouds that had formed in Sherlock’s mind. They cast a smile on his face that was the sort only John could bring about.
Greg said he was jealous.
Comfort. A sense of belonging. Familiarity.
“Okay, what about him?” John prompted, laughing between fingers that were attempting to hide a flowing smile.
Sherlock shook his head, curling bouncing with the motion. “Afraid not. Wasn’t there when it happened.”
“You feelin’ alright?” John asked after the silence spread between them to an uncomfortable length, leaning slightly to try to catch his gaze but failing.
“Enough with the Goddamned questions,” John shouted into the air above him, fighting the anger in him that demanded to be physically expressed. The implication that this icy relationship was all that ever existed between them... When John could still hear echos of Sherlock's lilting laughter, could still see his dazzling smile in his mind after a night out...
He extended one smooth hand to John, which he shook with vigour. Practically starstruck, John repeated the name in his head until he was dizzy with it.
“No!” corrected Sherlock so quickly that a great deal of beverage spilled onto the table from his nervous hand motion. Ignoring the spreading orange mess, he reached a hand out across the table toward Lestrade, hoping the motion would help convey his sincerity. “No, I am not poking fun, George. I mean it. You’re sharp and you pick things up easily. You just- you know- sometimes need help getting there.”
Sherlock smiled, a dazzling smile that illuminated his face and the room and the whole world with it. “We’re already done your thing, John- the band. Now we do mine.”
If you've seen Frasier, don't call me out. If you haven't seen Frasier, then yes; I am brilliant and all of this was totally original.
“Not yet,” teased John.
Lestrade called a cab for the pair and he insisted on sharing the cab, even offering to pay for it. When they were in the cab, the outdoor air and light of twilight woke Sherlock’s mind a bit. A smile grew slowly along his face without his knowledge as his mind wandered.
What the hell? Does he just walk around with glasses in his coat?
If you're enjoying this AU, please consider reading the Viclock one-shot I wrote called
But he was standing and gathering a glass into each of his hands before John could answer. “Refill?” he murmured, walking away before John could offer an answer to his question or a response to his confession.
is always better.”
His eyes remained glued to the contents for a long while, his whole body freezing as it was prone to do when he was truly, wholly shocked.
“Of course, you must know that I do, though.”
“Yes?” John answered on behalf of them all.
He was so certain. It caused a pause in John’s own certainty. Come to think of it, he’d known Philip since his uni days and he’d never seen him with a woman. But still…
original songs in the past few years and not one of them is good enough to win shit.
His heart was surely trying to rip itself out of his chest with its pounding when his eyes lay upon the table with the game on it. Offering a half-grin to the employee who greeted him, he made his way to the board and saw that there was, in fact, a competitor for him. The paper read:
John was smiling before he could turn around to look at the face attached to the voice. Because he
The Wallace wasn’t his first choice, but he was desperate.
“But you
John’s head fell down against his own chest, a great sorrow threatening to crush him. “Is there anything I can do, my love, to convince you of my sincerity?”
“My life,” gasped John, face flushed red with the rush of their embrace, “has been completely divided in half.”
John wanted to groan, wanted to shake the brilliant mind and make him see reason. He knew- could feel it in his gut with absolute certainty- that this was meant to be: Sherlock joining their band of broken men to convey the image of wartime struggle for this contest. Sherlock needed this band as much as John did, as much as they all did.
The impatient pity in her eyes burned holes through John’s ego. “Er- no. Just a few more minutes.” The waitress’ eyebrow elevated, her arms crossed low over her stomach. “Please,” he added after she did nothing.
a man.
The crazed, frantic of cocaine.
Every single song from the beginning (
“Hmm?” hummed Sherlock in response, his eyes blinking him back to reality as they refocused on John.
Sherlock’s prediction had been correct: John took care of him.
“What would you like?” asked Sherlock softly.
“Christ, Sherlock,” he gasped, his mouth working around his lips while he processed a the confession.
John considered the date, mentally scrapping for a rough estimate of how long he’d been back home. “Just a couple weeks.”
To be
It was with great pleasure that John observed the most subtle of flushes overwhelm Sherlock’s cheeks. “What is your point?”
“I deduce that you’re full of shit,” John said, reveling in the way Sherlock’s lips twitched in response. “I played your game and I took those three shots and you’ve conveniently avoided playing along.”
- he wanted to talk about Victor. Of course that’s what he wanted to talk about. Of course that’s the reason he was drawn to spending time with John at all. Of course.
Distantly, he knew it was silly to consider what he was feeling as “heartbreak.” He was not dating Sherlock. He had never been dating Sherlock. All John ever had- and all he’d ever clung to- was the suspicion-turned-confirmed-fact that John was not, after all, alone. Sherlock, cursed as John was cursed, could understand him in a way he had never expected to be understood.
“He’s correct,” whispered Sherlock, his eyes remaining on John, though he addressed everyone. “Winning is why we’re here. It’s not why we stayed. There is not one person here whose life has not improved because of this band.”
to hide the item?
“When?”
This should be a 4-6k fic but alas, time does not permit it. Info that couldn't organically fit into the fic at this length: Sherlock couldn't play because the muscle was too injured to strum the guitar and perform. A look-alike stood on stage while the guitar track played and the look-alike pretended to play. But the look-alike couldn't be convincing during the meet and greet so Sherlock actually needed to be there for that. The woman is a PA who is also a big fan of the band. Also, David is the drummer.
Tomorrow's prompt: Comfort and Joy (yes, it will be fluffy.)
mentions of drugs
A magnificent tree, rooted in love, spread across Sherlock’s back with power and reckless abandon. A golden truck, strong enough to sustain millennia of wear, sprouted blue leaves of calming grandeur. The roots spiralled into sight unseen beneath trousers, the branches going in every direction to follow the scars that gave them a canvas.
“Good.”
“You.”
https://itsalwaysyou-jw.dreamwidth.org/
“Anyone seen John?” he asked at an elevated volume to no one in particular.
His eyes caught those of the soldier next to him, alight with adrenaline and wide with joy. John gave a goofy smile in response, a crooked look at caused a painful lurch in his heart.
John hesitated as the two walked out, Sherlock having paid the bill- plus an extremely generous tip- because he said John’s army pension wouldn’t allow the stretch of the budget. (He was right, of course.) Normally, after such an amazing date, he would have invited the other back to his flat.
“Oh, please,” Sherlock scoffed. “I’ve had much more intense substances than shots of whiskey- which we will not be repeating. It’s rum or it’s nothing.”
If you've read ACD canon, you'll be familiar with the idea that Sherlock doesn't always know
“I know,” she said innocently in response to his defensive silence. When he continued to glower at her, she huffed and rolled her eyes, saying, “Now really, Sherlock. I know it’s not a date. Don’t look at me that way.”
“Oh my.” He stayed silent for a long moment. His mouth was a perfect “O” in reaction to the thought. “Science has given me the cutest boy. Bless science.”
When he ordered his black coffee, he was feeling generous (too generous, in hindsight) and told the cashier to keep the change from his ten. John was nearly about to reprimand himself when he justified the decision with a reminder that he could afford to do it now that he’d secured a steady job.
“Of course they’re cute,” muttered John, embarrassed to say it any louder. “Look at them. They’re adorable.”
John felt his body elevate in temperature, suddenly the room was much too warm. He wanted to ask what the devil he thought he was doing, but couldn’t find the words. Barely had his mouth opened to attempt the words when, behind the menu, the other man spoke.
“Let me guess,” Sherlock drawled, suddenly relaxing and leaning forward a bit. “You want to know how I escaped service.”
God, this was not how he imagined spending Christmas Day. “Then they changed shoes!”
Greg could not put into words how desperately he wanted such a bond.
John’s complete and utter happiness left him completely terrified when, without warning, Sherlock gripped the collar of John’s shirt and pulled him forcefully into an opening between two buildings on 97th Avenue. The alleyway wafted the stench of grime to his nose and would have been barely big enough to allow for one person. For one truly bewildering second, John truly believed that Sherlock was going to kiss him. To entwine his fingers in John’s shirt, push him against the wall, lean his head down, and press cold lips against John’s own.
John’s lingering silence ensured that Sherlock would never reach peace. So long as John’s silence held possibilities, he would never accept the fate that seemed to be haunting him, calling him: he would always be alone, after all. John was not heaven-sent, after all. He had been wrong, after all.
Tobias, while irritated with every pause they had to take to correct something, was unendingly perfect. His trumpet was hot, blowing tunes that outshone the sounds around him. His massive form lent his trumpet the appearance of a toy thing, but he behaved as though it was an extension of his hand.
Another step. “Tell me more.”
Hadn’t considered that fallen tears might land upon it.
“And seeing the other men suffer? Greg’s necessity to drink to simply make it through the way? Philip’s obsession with control? Wiggins’ debilitating brain damage? These reminders of the war and its impact don’t haunt you?”
“Mm,” said Sherlock with a shake of his head. “Wrong.”
“We could have ignored what we were feeling,” said John through a strained voice such as Sherlock had never heard. “I could have prayed to God that my longing for you went away. I could have refused you and never known love like ours existed in this world.”
The echo of war burst into the room, a cruel reminder that there was one thing- one impossible thing- to do first.
There were two other murders, of course. But Lauren was the outlier. It was no use solving the others, solving Lauren’s would solve it all and without hers, he could not solve the others.
“Bloody hell,” Greg injected into the silence that had settled thick around them all. “Johnny, why didn’t you mention he’s a regular Frank Sinatra?”
“I don’t care,” John said dismissively, his apathy truly reaching a peak. “I really don’t, gentlemen. I don’t care what your big problems are. I don’t care if you don’t like each other or if you think you have it the hardest or if you think someone isn’t doing things the way you would. When we get together, we fall into line, alright?”
Sherlock was clearly too horrified to speak, to move, to react. This was not what he’d expected. He was motionless, breathless, helpless.
“If you fancy it.”
Never in his whole life would he have imagined that such a flawless exterior would be host to an excellent interior. Here’s just some of the thing he’d learned about him: his fondness of violin transferred to an eventual talent with guitar as well, he hated the band who was playing and didn’t mind missing the concert, he lived in London but his job kept him on the road a lot, his favourite composer was Bach, he hated the Hungarian Rhapsody, he had a small family (parents still together and one sibling- a brother who was “a piece of work”), and he’d always dreamed of having a job where he could actually use his sharp mind.
“-weather update, Susan. Now we have a special treat for everyone listening. Exclusively on KACL and for the first time, we are proud to air a special song to celebrate our victory. This one is for our beloved soldiers returned home from the war.”
There was no danger more imminent than one’s feelings. He had warned him against the whole ordeal.
His hand started moving into the paint and onto his friend’s back before he was consciously aware of his decision.
“Drug deal,” Sherlock said, standing a bit straighter and running his hands along his jacket to flick off imagined scum. “She must have been just biding time tonight until she was supposed to meet him- that’s why she was out on the town alone with no apparent purpose.”
He rolled his eyes even as he repressed a smile. “You know, there is a reason I chose to come here out of all places after Victor passed. I do enjoy my time with you.”
“The Bachelor. Of course,” agreed Lestrade politely.
This quiet night in 221B with John was domestic bliss. The two of them, sharing their lives and space was domestic bliss. Sherlock making John’s tea exactly the way he wanted without John needed to ask was domestic bliss. John pressing his lips lightly onto his forehead before turning in every night was domestic bliss.
The peace of the neighbourhood was about to be disrupted inside the one-room flat of Gregory Lestrade, whose fitful dreams were wrought with despair. At exactly 2:34 in the morning, Greg bolted up in his bed, chest heaving in furious pants. The cotton of his blanket was sticking to every portion of his body, a layer of sweat covering him from the brow of his forehead to the tips of his toes. Short gasps of momentary horror escaped him as he frantically scanned the room and realized with slow, dawning relief that he was, in fact, alone in his flat.
“To watch.” John said the two words with so much finality that the unsatisfactory answer immediately stopped the glances they’d all been shooting Sherlock. “If we’re ready to play, let’s go from the top.”
Mouth dry and thoughts racing, Philip did not sleep at all that night.
(See the end of the chapter for
Al’s voice came on over the microphone, announcing to a suddenly hushed audience that this evening would see three performers. Without further ado, he called to the stage-
“My God, I hope not,” said Sherlock.
“What?” interrupted Sherlock with a genuine appearance of astonishment. The word was flat with utter confusion. “I’m not upset that I fell.”
“Who else would be on trumpet? I am
Lestrade was still dabbing at his shirt where alcohol had dribbled onto it when he spoke again. “Come off it, you're never
It's the day of the preliminary competition and it's time for The John Watson Band to prove that they deserve a chance to be in the movies. Even though they're armed with Sherlock's song and their collective music expertise, they can't help but feel nervous.
Save for the hand that was holding the note unsteady, tears touched nearly every portion of his upper body. With no desire to ruin the letter and no way to safely put it back in its cage, he allowed the letter’s pages to fall open-faced on the bed beside him.
He knew the answer instinctually. He felt it in his soul- the light joy that filled him, the bliss that had overwhelmed him from the moment they’d begun practising. He’d known as he watched them, their haunting memories leaving them in favour of the music, their camaraderie overwhelming their individual trauma.
I’m telling Mycroft. SH
“Death,” he breathes, though his insides are solid. “I lived for Death.”
“You’re the best there is.”
The warm scent of roasted espresso wafted to his nose, a suppressed shiver threatening to wash over him. The scent was heavenly, the promise of caffeine mingled with notes of earthy chocolate.
he refused to get close to anyone.
is that I want to know why you did it. It certainly wasn’t because of mistletoe and it certainly wasn’t because anybody was expecting it. I want to know why you did it and I want the truth.”
“Obviously.”
“It’s ridiculous,” he grumbled, lanky fingers playing with the fuzzy cloth adorning his torso.
WHAT DID SHERLOCK WRITE?!? ;)
“In 2020, London saw a white Christmas,” he said with the tone he knew Sherlock found comforting. “We were not yet together, but we were close. We opened gifts, ate a perfect meal, and we were settling in for a quiet evening when you observed the serene setting outside our window.”
“How many people d’you think I know here?”
The question disoriented him, a distinct talent that John possessed. “Why do I say your name?” he repeated blankly.
(Also, I couldn't edit much with my hand so take this chapter as-is haha)
Their eyes connected and his stomach reacted with powerful force. “Meaning,” he responded in a measured tone, “I'm not quite communicative enough to enjoy it.”
Only after an eternity of loaded silence did John quietly suggest: “From the top, then?”
a gender-bend fic.)
“Obviously.”
“Er- sorry. Must have… gotten distracted,” said Sherlock pathetically.
The next room he ventured into was ten rooms down from the first. It brought him to the pool that Moriarty had just left. Of course, Sherlock knew Moriarty would re-enter the scene shortly. However, they had not known that at the time.
John raked his mind for something to share. It must be a relative secret- something few people knew. Yet it couldn’t be something that
“No, thank
“I think I like… you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” gasped Sherlock, panic creeping around the edges of his vision. John was too far away from him, too close to leaving. John needed to be with him, needed to stay with him. Under no circumstances could he allow John to walk away using Sherlock’s own words as logic to leave. “I said we have a million miles to go.”
“What’s wrong?” He lifted a hand to gingerly wipe tears from a face bruised by John’s hands and feet.
thought- prevented him from ever falling into an inescapable torture of the mind.
John’s eyebrows pulled together and he considered the day: the 17th of February. No performances, no rehearsals- why would Sherlock be here? They never met here.
John and Sherlock bond over miscommunication, uncertainty, and a whole lot of alcohol.
Mostly, he was thankful that Lestrade didn’t poke fun, didn’t judge him, and didn’t tell him off. He permitted his ramblings, listening intently as he spoke in circles about John.
In two days, they would be called to a stage to perform the fruits of their hard work in front of a live audience. Their performance would additionally be broadcast throughout the greater Cardiff region via radio airwaves. With every practice run, their performance improved in quality and John was filled with irrefutable certainty that on the 16th of December, they would give the greatest performance of all.
He isn't sure if he hates the gifts that Sherlock and John gave him.
“Hey, you’re the doctor?” he asked, eyes narrow as though he didn’t think John was the doctor.
His last words- “
OR find me on Dreamwidth:
to be my flatmate. He could have never introduced us in the first place-”
In response, John stretched himself to reach Sherlock and, although he was expecting it, his heart skipped multiple beats when John’s mouth met his own. Sherlock’s eyes fell slowly, the sensation of John on his tongue filling him with a dizzying delight. His mouth was warm, firm, and beautifully commanding. Sherlock allowed his lips to succumb to every subtle movement of John’s own. There was a gentle quality to it that hadn’t been there last night when their motions had been desperate, frenzied, and rushed.
“Here, mum! This is from me
“Yes?” He wished the wavering tone hadn’t escaped in that solitary syllable.
Sherlock thought hard on the question. When was the first time? “When I was five, I fell in love, I think.” When Lestrade raised his eyebrows, he continued with a wave of his hand, “It didn’t last. He ran from me.”
“John,” he said confidently in the comfort of their sitting room. They were in their chairs and everything was just as it should be.
LESTRADE. SH
I cried writing this. It's been a rough week, y'all.
“Hmmm.” The happy sound escaped Sherlock slowly. It was another minute before his eyes opened to their present world.
“You alright?”
Philip flushed with scarlet, his eyes wide in surprise. “It can’t conflict with my classes.”
. It’s fine.”
But instead, he allowed it, even fostered the growth of it. Who was he harming, after all, besides himself? There would come a point, eventually, when Victor found a nice girl and settled down without Sherlock. The thought sent a stab of pain into his heart and he pushed away the image. Instead, he simply stared at Victor and imagined, for just the shortest of milliseconds, that Victor would turn to see Sherlock staring, realize what emotion was held deep within him, and embrace Sherlock.
“Yes, you and me.”
Sometimes it seemed that Sherlock was surprised by the natural flow of a conversation. It was as though Sherlock knew exactly how a conversation
The rehearsal space left much to be desired. Namely, any acoustics of value. Still, the small space provided enough room for the band to gather without any sensation of crowding.
Sitting next to him in the graduation hall was a pretty woman with straight brown hair. She clearly didn’t know him because her smile turned to him without provocation. “Are you nervous?” she asked brightly. “I’m kind of nervous,” she continued without waiting for an answer.
His body pressed to his, the words
He turned in his seat to catch sight of the subject of Sherlock’s gaze. The figure his eyes settled upon was handsome enough to cause a blossoming colour in his cheeks. The stranger was wearing a blue collared shirt that was unbuttoned to reveal a spectacular clavicle, his hair a shade so dark that in the dim light of this bar, it was impossible to tell if his hair was a dark brown or jet black. Either way, the colour of it complimented his pale skin. He possessed a square jaw, an easy crooked smile, a lean figure, and an effortless confidence that reminded him vaguely of Greg.
The war bothered some less than others. Perhaps if he could have stopped fixating on the misery of those around him, he wouldn’t have been so bothered by the extent of human suffering that surrounded him every day and night.
“Right,” said John again through tight teeth. He had to remind himself forcefully that he couldn’t go burning bridges here. He also had to remind himself that it wasn’t the employee's fault. Still, frustration burned in him.
A lightness filled him that could have permitted him to take flight right there and then. Joy beyond joy, relief beyond relief, and hope beyond hope made his soul as buoyant as air.
And now, John was leaving.
Her eyes grew wide, her mouth open and she was clearly equal parts confused and alarmed by the aggressive reaction to have seized him. He watched as she visibly scanned him for hints of the situation, her mouth moving with silent words as she scrambled for the proper response.
John had grown used to Sherlock’s unusual cruelty. His blatant honesty in all matters and his absolute refusal to consider the feelings of others were two appealing elements that had initially intrigued John. Ordinary lies to fluff the egos of others was dull, after all. But this present, unfiltered honesty regarding John’s place in Sherlock’s life was a knife in his heart and unrelenting hurt in his soul.
you know about the band members?”
Philip very much doubted this. But the offer of friendship was far too tempting to deny. And furthermore, his willingness to extend kindness despite his own frankly appalling behaviour stirred guilt from deep within himself. Which is how he came to release a reluctant, “Alright. Sure.”
Instead, the one thing he meant to keep to himself came out. He regretted them even as he said them: “No. The kissing was- the kissing is alright. I don’t mind. Just- just don’t
John bit back a laugh but couldn’t refrain his smile. “You’re acting a bit funny, you know?”
Keeping his right hand on the floorboard to hold it up, Sherlock maneuvered his arm uncomfortably to allow his left hand to wrap around the box to remove it. After pulling it out, all other thoughts escaped him and he allowed the floorboard to fall with a resounding crash that caused his muscles to tighten. He didn’t particularly care for that sort of noise anymore.
But John had scrambled for so long, worked so hard, and burned himself in the effort to get past his death. It was too late now. Sherlock’s return tonight was not an answer to John’s wishes; it was a spit in the face to the immense effort he had gone through to move past the ordeal.
“Do it,” Tobias said flatly and the lot of them burst into laughter again.
“Maybe,” he answered slowly. “Who’s asking?”
“And then I started writing- a feat I hadn’t imagined I’d manage again after- well, you know. I hadn’t written anything since, but it came pouring out of me like it had been there the whole time.”
Sherlock: *is knocked out*
I got attached to Victor while writing this and then I cried when I wrote that last bit.
“Not- Not because- No,” John sputtered, wishing with every ounce of him that the alcohol wasn’t causing his brain to feel so slippery. Sherlock was affronted and still, he couldn’t refrain from barreling forward with his denial. “She’s a
Grammarly: ACTUALLY, it's PHILLIP. Correct your spelling.
Their chairs were rearranged. John’s idea, of course. They sat compact and silent in John’s seat, placed directly before the fireplace.
advent calendar?!" some of my readers might say.
“Oh my, God,” he laughed, exuberant. “You won’t regret this, Sherlock. You’re going to love it.”
- that he was repressing a smile. “Very funny. But that third one does not qualify and I would argue the first was also unsatisfactory. After all, I deduced your competitiveness ages ago.”
It didn’t take long for his mind to wander, his eyes flickering to suspiciously scan the tall man beside him. His eyes were wide and alert, his head raised high as he looked for God knew what. He was tense, his body too rigid despite its grace. John knew nothing of the man and yet something seemed… wrong.
The end notes will be quite long but I will kindly ask you to read them if you have time.
Could it be?
In Amberley, the air is crisp, the wind is alive, and every branch of every tree sways in unison to the music of its nature. It’s a peaceful village, the people politely passing with downturned heads to provide proper privacy.
("I never realised confessing would be so enjoyable"/"apparently he can’t stop confessing"/"confessions" being a huge part of TLD in general).
He'll be damned if he lets Mycroft ruin that.
“I mean he’s got too low of a voice for it,” said Greg, gesturing to Sherlock as though they were speaking of him behind his back instead of right in front of him. “You can tell. And you’re trained and he’s not-”
Shot.
"I would like you to remove that protection."
He cemented the sentiment with the most charming smile he could muster toward Tobias, who pushed his shoulder away in annoyance, though he swore he saw his lips twitch in a fight against a smile.
wound.
“I don’t.”
An infuriating roar of laughed escaped his mouth and John struggled with every bit of self-control he possessed to prevent himself from throwing a punch. “Look,” he said in a stern but still engagingly amused tone, “we’re all grateful for your service. We are! But I have nothing for you here.”
” he shouted, voice cracking with emotion. He swung his closed fist furiously against the wood of his headboard. He cradled his hand against his chest and leaned his forehead against that cold, hard wood. It spread a grateful shiver along his spine and he closed his eyes, fight back a wave of an emotion worse than anger.
“Go on, then,” Watson said, his benign smile too familiar with Holmes' brilliant reasoning.
“I suppose you’re right,” he joked with a jab of his elbow at Greg’s arm. “Come on, you’ll like him.”
“Then this is Major James Sholto,” John introduced, perhaps too boisterously, gesturing to Sholto beside Philip, who Sherlock nodded politely to. “You know Wiggins, of course, and that’s Tobias Gregson.”
“No. I thought you might join
One of the penguin's stomachs was already smeared with dark residue and an idea hatched in John’s mind, blooming into a full-blown plot by the end of that day.
John deliberated the benefit versus harm of an addict in the band. John wasn’t sober himself- which veteran was? There was only one thing that mattered. “Is he reliable?”
How long had he been misinterpreting their relationship, then? How long had Lestrade considered him a friend while Sherlock saw him as a colleague?
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine,” Sherlock asked after noticing there was no lump in his trouser pockets where Mike Stamford usually held his mobile. He willed his voice to remain steady, cool. He dared not allow his eyes to linger for another moment after he began speaking- his lingering gaze would surely betray him. His phone did, of course, have a signal. But sometimes lies served a function, after all.
And here, Sherlock Holmes, such a brilliant man, was desperately missing the most critical piece of information. John struggled to find words that wouldn’t come out as condescending.
He shoved an unwrapped shoebox he had hidden beneath his chair into the unwilling hands of Sherlock and watched with falsely angry eyes until he reluctantly dropped his eyes to the box and opened it with hesitation.
, apparently.”
That meant… Victor was… gay.
“You think she’s a suspect?”
And Wiggins? He was wonderful. His beats were the heart of the music and he was performing at a calibre John had rarely seen in his life. John had been prepared to defend Wiggins against verbal lashings from the other men- likely from Tobias who was impatient and had no tolerance for nonsense or from Greg who was nothing but nonsense. Yet it appeared that he was the only one who was cruel enough to judge him. When John provided him with occasional direction, he would salute with his drumsticks and say “Aye aye, Cap!” with a lazy wink of his eye. Yet the necessity for it was so little since his rhythm and technique were nearly perfect.
And against all odds, he was having fun.
John would have moved on. Then again, it wasn’t that Sherlock had never considered the possibility. It was that Sherlock had never thought John would move on so wholly. Never did the thought occur to him that he would move on with another whom would be so important, John would be unwilling to leave them when Sherlock returned.
19:17.
He was waving enthusiastically at Philip while his eyes slipped only momentarily to John. John was instantly taken aback by the appearance of the man. With peppered hair, a lean figure, and eyes that truly shone from within, he was more handsome than John could have possibly expected. His beauty was traditional, timeless, and complemented by a brown suit that hugged him in all the right ways. In one hand was a glass of amber liquid that danced around the cup with slight, unconscious motions. The other was gesturing the pair over and John’s feet travelled too happily over to the man.
It was miraculous and wonderful how Sherlock was capable of saying so much with so few words.
What! POV Mycroft Holmes?
With his hopes at an all-time low and knowing the game was coming rapidly to a close, he unthinkingly moved his queen to kill one of his rooks and travelled back to his empty, miserable flat.
Tobias simply stared at John with a doubtful look. John sighed, his hands clenching to feel the hard nails sink deep into the skin of his palms. His eyes sought the floor, scanning for a pattern to fixate on while soft words slipped from his tight lips. “We need this. I know we
“How long ago did you get back?”
“Oh! Then congratulations are in order, no?”
“Yeah,” John answered, licking his lips to have something to do. “That night.”
The silence that coated the lot of them was poisonous, humiliation flowing through thick and hot through him. 4-Fs were individuals deemed unfit for service. Sherlock, of course, was more than capable of serving. Mycroft, however, disagreed. He'd been forced to help the war efforts in manners other than military service even when Sherlock had begged Mycroft to let him serve.
The romantic lighting that filled the room illuminated the man as he seemed to move in slow motion into the seat across from him, his lanky fingers lacing around a menu and scanning the words it held with no further words to John.
When he attempted a nervous swallow, his throat was too dry to get the job done.
He didn’t know anymore. The memory in his head, although it felt sincerely accurate, was now so muddled with confusion and regret, he couldn’t say with any certainty what had really occurred between them. All he knew was that, ever since, Sherlock had been wholly withdrawn and increasingly antagonistic. The wedge that had formed between them that night was growing every day and John was helpless to close the distance. Sherlock did not talk to him, he didn't invite him on cases, he barely looked him in the eyes, and John's questions were met with hostility.
“Coffee?” Sherlock proposed with a nonchalant note of calm in his voice.
“Congratulations again,” offered the kinder looking of the two men. His hair was as black as night with a single streak of grey that exposed either his age or else a genetic ordeal if some sort. His dark eyes sparkled with sincerity as he continued, “I’m Alex Peters and this,” he said, gesturing to his companion, “is Nicholas Maher.”
John did not love him. John had never loved him.
“Er- alright,” John started uncomfortably. “Remember: this is just the preliminary round. The bar is fairly low. So we know we can win. We can win on our bad days and we can demolish the rest of them on our best days.”
Together, their lives reached rock bottom. Together, their relationship was torn to shreds until it was an indiscernible wreckage of unrecognizable fragments. He was past hoping for a way out of the burning remnants of what was once his hearts deepest desire.
Hesitation, a brief moment of stillness from John while his eyes searched Sherlock’s eyes, scanned Sherlock’s face, dragging one moment into a hundred before succumbing. When he spoke at last, his voice was enriched with more tenderness than Sherlock could handle. “Sherlock Holmes, are you a consulting detective?”
(See the end of the chapter for
His stomach tightened. That had been the nickname Victor always used. “Just John.”
Shot.
John is certain Sherlock would rather be somewhere else and Sherlock is certain that John won't like the Real Sherlock so they're both awkward and trying to be far cooler than they are. Poor boys.
BUT WAIT! There's more! I am a semi-professional singer and will be recording the songs that Sherlock will be singing in the fic. Just for fun, really. The recordings won't be amazing quality but it will supplement the fic.
." What did he know?
Most of you correctly guessed the subject of this one. Congratulations! :)
“Who?” John asked, perplexed.
Then, in a moment, a woman. Yet not a young, vivacious woman as he’d expected, but an elderly woman with short, curly hair, a pointed face, and kind eyes.
Well. Not fully protected.
John scoffed, a playful roll of his eyes directed at Sherlock. “Don't be absurd, it still needs a top.”
He threw himself into his studies. He leaned into his natural ability to read the experiences of those around him. If he could burrow himself deeply enough into the pursuit of learning, he could ignore just how few people desired to come near him.
“You dangerous, clever man,” John said through a tight smirk. Sherlock was leaning back in his chair, his legs extending for miles to the floor while John’s own legs needed to rest on the tall chair’s wooden bar. And in Sherlock’s hooded, mischievous eyes, John found the deserved shame he should have felt from the beginning of their evening.
“I’ll get better,” he said shyly, eyes on the table as Sherlock’s shone on him.
Several theories formed in his mind: John, furiously going through his closet for signs that Sherlock faked the whole ordeal while he was still in the denial stage of grief. Mrs. Hudson coming in to remove his sheets but being unable to do so because of her own grief. Lestrade being tasked with gathering his things but finding it a more difficult task than he imagined.
The words died on their way out, getting lost somewhere along their path as John took in, quite literally, the most handsome man he’d ever seen in his life. Irridesent, wide eyes that shared the same colour scheme as the ocean stared at him through unblinking lids that were host to a brush of lashes that were impossibly long. His face was a beautiful portrait and his cheekbones were an expensive frame. They jutted out at sharp angles that lent his cheeks a long but surprisingly soft appearance. It was an ethereal beauty that was unlike any other he’d seen on a man.
“So you think because I have one friend, I’ll want to gallivant around town with you?”
Wiggins doesn't say much. Wiggins doesn't get too much attention. Wiggins is, by all accounts, a background character to the other members of his band.
“But by all means, jump to conclusions about the struggles of others.”
thezefronposter.tumblr.com (main blog)
This was a mistake.
His limbs were being uncooperative, his arm swinging up in a jerky motion as he lifted one to receive the tea being brought to him. Yet Sherlock did not proceed to offer the tea he had generously made. Rather, he met John motion with a surprising jerk that sent liberal amounts of liquid flying from the saucers. His face was turned away, his whole body closed off to John where he stood dumbfounded.
No, probably better to avoid saying that.
“I love him,” he choked out. His eyes were burning with want of tears, his world crumbling apart beneath him as the confession fell out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold on,” John called, fingers lifting decidedly off his keys. “Greg, you’re making this measure minor. Make sure you’re hitting the right transition.”
Sherlock brings homemade gingerbread men to a Christmas party. The guests can't help but notice the cookies look... familiar.
Although he couldn’t see him, John felt him go rigid on top of him. After ages of difficult breathing and fighting to get out from beneath him, he finally heard a soft “Oh” from above him.
After placing down his bass in its familiar case, he jumped up to congratulate John on a job well done only to find that John had disappeared completely from the rest of them.
Why couldn't he have listened to him?
When he found Sherlock in the sitting room, his eyes closed as he sat regally upon his black chair, John’s heart constricted painfully. The morning light filtering through their ill-shaded windows cast beautiful shadows across his pallid face. His long fingers were templed gracefully beneath his chin, his motion so minute, he could have been a robe-clad greek statue. He was so beautiful, John felt blessed to be even near him.
He shrugged. “What can I say? I really didn’t think he’d do it.”
if you don't remember who Al Hodges is.
“Super successful?” asked John, his eyebrow raising and his tone dry as the dessert.
“They’re not paying for it.”
“That’s a
I'm a sucker for the sun/moon, heart/brain, light/dark dichotomy that Sherlock and John always have. This additional dichotomy is simply fascinating to examine, so thank you, Sudarshana for the prompt. :)
“I’m not
“And in London? Our hotel will be five-star and stand eleven stories high. The lobby will be so beautiful, it was in a movie that was released less than a month prior. They’ll show us to our sparkling rooms, the beds soft as can be imagined and a view of Big Ben himself. Guest services will welcome us and say: ‘You’ve arrived at last. You’ve been fighting for far too long.’”
John closed his eyes, his forehead falling to rest upon the cold wall. He took in a shaking breath from his tight throat, his eyes burning.
Philip was already there, his face morphed with the shifting shadows from wandering lights around them. John hadn’t any idea where they were going but followed Philip’s lead through the thicket of unconcerned patrons. They made a beeline to a bar that stood on the left side of the massive lobby and Philip’s hair was flopping back and forth from the motion of scanning the individuals around him along the way.
His senses were alarmingly sharpened. He was aware of the sudden hush that came over the room, aware of the flush that came over the boy’s face as he had to approach the teacher. Sherlock felt a strange pull of an unfamiliar emotion as the boy made his way to a desk to a chorus of murmured mockery.
Sherlock seamlessly slid past John and he fought against the impulse to treasure the sensation of his body sliding so close to his own. There was a lingering gust of air after his motion and John had to force himself to stay focused and close the door.
Holmes.
We're still in Sherlock's POV for this one. Enjoy!
He was circling it, the madness of isolation. John had confirmed-
He deserves a damned award for acting this well while he was so far gone.
-the most bookmarks
“What are you doing out here, then?” he asked.
Still, there was nothing to be done. Over the years, Philip was so accustomed to pining with no avail that it became a verifiable character trait. Philip Anderson: intelligent, shy, short-tempered, and also a hopeless, pining romantic.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg drank the rest of his whiskey in one quick gulp. John provided him with a sideways glance but said nothing. Then he picked up another, fresh drink and downed that one the same way.
“Gotcha. So how’d you meet him?”
“Yes?”
In the dying embers of the day, John sat alone in his living room, looking at the spaces between the bricks of his fireplace. His thoughts were far from the fireplace, far from Cardiff, far from Europe. They were in the Solomon Islands where the raging heat was creating beads of sweat along his shoulders and under his nose. His feet were sore, his shoes caked with layers of dried mud beneath a thick layer of fresh mud. In these thoughts, Victor was beside him, giving him the strength to continue. He recalled the memories with a pain unparalleled by any he’d ever experienced.
I had a jolly good time writing this. Does this qualify as crack? I've never intentionally written crack but this might be it?
They’d arrived at ten in the morning, an ample two hours earlier than they’d been instructed to arrive for preparations. Still, John had been disheartened to learn that their band was slotted dead-last to perform. It was a terrible fear come to fruition. He’d fought for a time with the assistant responsible for telling him of their late slot, but there was no luck to be had in arguing the placement. After all, you can't shoot the messenger.
Thank you for reading. <3
“Shh,” he hissed, so softly it was floating on a breath. “She stopped and she’s not alone.”
And Philip could not muster an answer. Because in truth? No. It hadn’t occurred to him in even the smallest magnitude that that sophomore girl was attractive. It hadn’t crossed his mind in a whisper or as a shadow of inclination. Then, a grander revelation: as his friends developed and matured, they’d all obtained crushes and become increasingly amorous toward various women while Philip remained stubbornly unimpressed by the whole of the gender.
“Morning,” John said, tone hushed and coated with sleep. He moved closer, leaning his head further back to nuzzle Sherlock’s chin with the tip of his nose. The effect of the touch was instantaneous, his heart fluttering up his throat while his stomach performed a dangerous series of summersaults.
He’d known it from the moment he’d met John that they were two birds of a feather. He’d never been able to confide in anyone, never thought he’d be so lucky as to stumble across someone like himself, someone bound by the cruel vines of fate to never be capable of sharing what lay in his heart.
John forced his eyes away, his tongue flicking out to moisten his lips in a betrayal of his thoughts. He coughed, struggling to find something to say in this suddenly uncomfortable silence when Sherlock spoke in a rush of words, “So tell me about this contest?”
“How about a change of pace?” Sherlock said, voice as smooth as velvet and his excitement as tangible as this table beneath him. “How about an adventure?”
“Sherlock,” John said with a nervous smile because surely it couldn’t have been… “What is-”
His laugh was water in a desert, a lick of warmth from a much-needed flame, a gulp of country air after years in the city. It put a smile on his own face, and he knew right then everything was going to change. He burned for want of going back in time to fix it all.
“Me too,” said Sholto, every head turning to him in surprise. Up until then, he’d been utterly silent. “It’s brilliant. It will hit home for our audience. And frankly, it’s our best option.”
He leaned against the bar to observe the hoards of gyrating bodies and he felt empty.
He got older and wiser in unison, learning to manipulate his curse to minimize the inevitable pain on others and himself. He didn't
, John. For the first time in my life, I wish to be vulnerable. For the first time in my life, I am risking something precious. I am asking you, John, to stay with me.”
Yet in that moment, as Jonathon searched Philip’s eyes for the agreeance in his objectification, Philip found a different sort of affection. Those eyes- the eyes of his best friend, the eyes that accompanied oh so many of his greatest memories- made him go positively weak in the knees.
“He’s exaggerating, of course,” Sherlock chimed in. “Unless, of course, 11% is now a ‘super successful’ rate.”
“One more?” John asked, unable to remove his eyes off of the woman. “Alright; see that woman who just walked in?”
Uneven, violent, unflinching wounds from an unseen culprit.
“Trust me, John: we successfully worked this case.” He said it with such authority, such sincerity, that John’s protests fell silent before even reaching his throat.
“Yes,” said John through tight teeth. “But the fuzzy socks are warmer.”
“I guess it’s the rush, the activity. There’s so much life. There’s so much to do, so much outside of yourself.”
Perhaps there will be.
What was he doing? This wasn’t him. He wished it was. He longed for the sweet embrace of his sexuality, longed for a corner of the community he could call home. In truth, he was unsure how to come to terms with his bisexuality without a portion of identity to cling to.
Instead, he says, “Ready to pull my hair out trying to pull together money for the rent.”
“You’re lying.”
“Oh, you’re
Final chapter dedicated wholly to
John’s tears were always hard-earned. They were not easy to draw out and he could count on one hand the times they flowed freely in recent memory. It seemed that Sherlock was involved in all the instances. Yet now- fresh from an unstoppable wave, they threatened him again at the injustice of the story Sherlock and John shared.
Though he hadn’t deduced “killer,” he’d certainly deduced that this man was hiding something. He was afraid that Sherlock would expose him. It was with a pang that he knew he’d caught his killer.
“Yeah, well we’re used to that, aren’t we?” asked Tobias dryly. “Whatever it is, I’m in.”
Greg hadn’t been joking; to say that this guy “wasn’t a barrel of laughs” was an understatement.
Sherlock swallowed, throat tight and scratchy. He couldn’t react, couldn’t say anything, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t, couldn’t couldn’t-
“No.”
SHERLOCK HE WANTS TO KISS YOU
And with a blind joy that could not have been more out of place in the desolation surrounding them, the two men exited the room. There was only the seven of them, frozen in disbelief, their minds rebelling to ferociously against the information thrust upon them.
Before he could do any of those things, Sherlock was wrapped around him. One of his arms was wound around his back while the other wrapped tightly around his waist. John was temporarily frozen, flushing as he felt the skin of his cheek push against his neck before the realization sufficiently hit him: Sherlock was hugging him.
“Doesn’t matter,” John said quickly, wondering how bad the man was for
John tried not to smile, not wanting Sherlock to mistake it for mockery. A handshake at the end of the date. He barely knew him, yet it seemed appropriate. John took his hand, gave it a firm shake, and held on a little too long.
John was across the room with the steadiness he associated with the soldier and leaned over the edge of Sherlock’s seat to connect their lips with a glorious burst of colour. It was blinding in its intensity and he was filled with a white-hot passion, a pure white clarity, and he wove a white flag of surrender to succumb to his deepest desires.
“Yes,” he answered. “Yes, I would fancy joining you in a song.”
“Pardon?” His eyes were sparkling and, though his mind was dulled on the finer ability to deduce, he knew Lestrade was enjoying their time together.
"David said he would stab me if I didn’t shut up, I told him he wouldn’t have the guts, and he proved me wrong.”
“You are certainly right,” he said between laughs. “My brother’s name is Mycroft.”
“Yes.”
,” he said, his face a mask of pure irritation. John was stunned into silence by the sheer fact that he had also known he what he was about to ask. “I
“I will say this but once: do not underestimate how many pies my brother has his fat fingers in.”
“Who’s gay?”
Sherlock "attack now and ask questions later" Holmes: tackles John
A genuine smile overtook his face, his eyes warm and full of affection as they looked back at Sherlock. “Don’t mention it. Thank you for coming out with me.”
“Lead the way.”
TW: drug mentions and use
He’d heard a term once that stumped him. “Domestic bliss.” He hadn’t understood it and therefore he dismissed it as nonsense. He understood now. He understood, also, that he hadn’t ever lacked understanding of the term. Rather, he’d been terrified that he would never experience it; heartbroken that he never had. It was easier to reject its existence than accept that it was a sort of intimacy he would never achieve.
But it was Christmas day, Mycroft was internally counting the seconds until he could leave, and the whole house held the stench of love.
Sherlock Holmes was art, Sherlock Holmes was perfection, Sherlock Holmes was human.
Three pairs of eyes flickered to Mycroft before returning to the girl.
Though he remained silent and composed, it filled Sherlock with a mad desire to immediately unbutton his shirt and remove it from his waistband.
“I am not being defensive!” said Sherlock with such drama that was disproportionate to the situation.
“My bad,” John chuckled, rushing to help Wiggins bring in the bass drum.
He scoffed in disbelief and said, “Oh please, it’s not my place. Don’t worry about that.”
(P.S. the phrase "the shoulders of the soldier" is an inside joke with myself. Growing up, I was never able to say those two words. Actually, that's a lie... I
“A romantic mood?” John stared blankly at the man, shy and timid before him. His feet were shuffling half-mindedly, his mouth forming a tight line, his hands moving in peculiar ways, and John was reaching the conclusion slowly. The idea started as a pin-point, growing like a rolling snowball with every piece of evidence John supplied to it.
,” his mind was screaming at him.
Certain that he could feel the indent where John had laid that night, he confined himself permanently to the small portion of the bed where he would not disrupt the memory of John. Certain he could feel John’s lips on his when he focused intently enough, he vowed he would never touch them to another. He would never erase the memory of John from his hard drive.
“Then what’s the problem?” asked Philip, the question asked with clipped words and an impatient furrowing of his brow.
“Completely.”
“Don’t look at me like that,” pouted Sherlock with attempted severity. “They’re comfortable. And can you believe that I can’t even feel the cold hardwood through them?”
“Measure 97. Greg, make sure you’re jumping on that syncopation, make the fall off bigger.”
The radio diminished to muddled murmurings. The whole world was edgeless, a shadow of itself as the world inside John’s mind churned with the beginnings of a life-changing idea. This was it- he knew it was. This was what he’d been waiting for, this is why the universe had been denying him everything he’d requested.
” shouted Sherlock above the din of the newly awful band.
“Not now,” he screamed back before joining the jukebox for a rousing three performances of Dancing Queen. Lestrade joined in, singing off-key and gesturing passionately toward Sherlock while he danced around the mostly-abandoned pub.
The Rio radiated sophisticated energy, emitted the essence of success. The glowing billboard declared “Bernie and the Bellows EVERY NIGHT at 8” and John’s brain felt muddy attempting to comprehend the level of success that Bobby Soxers like that band experienced.
“And the winner gets?”
“Which story will you share with me today?”
He was frozen in place for too long. The absence of a clock to abandon hints of the passage of time was disillusioning. The light cascading in from the moon outside danced as he stood, the tell-tale signs of clouds shifting outside. His joints screamed at him for relief, his stomach too-empty from a hunger that now seemed to be a part of him. His mind was strangely quiet, even as he attempted to make deductions regarding the apartment around him.
“You can’t be serious?” John asked, a disbelieving chuckle bubbling up through his shock.
Every time a new band was introduced, one of them would travel toward the stage to scope out the competition for just a minute or two before returning with their opinion.
Sherlock looked affronted and so comically insulted, John fought to turn a bark of laughter into a giggle.
For reference, John is based on Donny Novitski (played by Corey Cott) and Sherlock is based on Julia Trojan (played by Laura Osnes).
“Oh, nothing,” said John innocently, his eyes drinking up the sight of Sherlock. “It’s just still a very handsome sweater.”
“She’s a dealer. That
With his free hand, he brushed the tips of his fingers against the bludgeoned skin of Sherlock’s back so softly, the touch barely registered. He felt the grooves and mountains of his skin, the dim light providing just enough light to identify the discolouration. The marble skin was altered with splashes of rose and slices of ivory. They were vines of blooming injuries, flattened and diminished with time but forever damaged.
“Wow, indeed,” Sherlock said, punctuated with a smooth, flinch-free consumption of his fifth and final shot that John mirrored with a goofy grin he couldn’t fight away. “Now I can ask you a question, yeah?”
“Thank you.”
His head snapped to see her face through the doorway. She smiled mischievously before taking her final exit.
There is always a chance.
He propped himself up on his elbow, his body contoured to look behind him. His eyes struggled to pull the source of the melodious voice into focus.
“Absolutely nothing, my beloved.”
“My God,” John breathed, realizing.
John called for the visitor to “come in” with his inflexion bending up at the end to turn his instruction into a question.
“Oh yeah?” said John, curiosity mixed with a challenge in his tone. “Try me.”
Sherlock seemed particularly proud of their joint gift-giving arrangement.
His mouth was suddenly too dry to form the words he wanted to. He stumbled out the words, “I- Can we talk?”
Google Docs: ACTUALLY, it's PHILIP, you idiot.
A goofy smile was illuminating John’s face as he watched the man with fascination. Sherlock Holmes. Redbeard. His opponent. His saviour, really. He watched a small smile spread across full lips and John’s heart was leaping with joy upon seeing it.
kill the Chamons.”
He spent the entirety of the concert chatting with Sherlock Holmes. The music would flare up, the crowd would cheer. More music, more cheering. Unbeknownst to the thousands of fans above, something incredible was happening on the ground level to the left of the fourth emergency exit, two doors down from the lost and found office.
With clumsy haste, he got off the man and the action was followed by mumbled protestations, but they weren’t long-lived. Sliding off the chair, he got on his knees between Sherlock’s long legs. He looked hungrily at the bulge before him, his own hunger demanding satisfaction that very moment.
Yet here he was: in a gay bar, skin vibrating with the bass of the music, and wearing far too much leather. His two measly drinks were warm in his stomach but not powerful enough to elevate his eagerness to converse with these young, energetic strangers. There was nothing wrong with the crowd. It just didn't feel like he'd imagined.
“But… it was over. The grenade- it went off and he was still down there and I couldn't- I didn't- I never-”
,” he retorted, “then why are you so smug?”
So far, eight bands had performed and, according to Philip and Greg, only two were decent.
“And I’ve missed you.”
He’d made one promise. One small, impossible promise. Victor’s voice echoed around his head until he was dizzy with it.
officially part of the band,” he said, eye flicking to and away from Sherlock, “then we won’t be a band of veterans, will we?”
Every footstep away from the door- away from him- was another excruciating stab in his heart.
This appalled John into silence, his mouth opening to start many sentences that seemed unsatisfactory before finally saying, “But- does this qualify as “working a case”? We didn’t solve it and you’re passing the case to the police.”
“You did.”
He genuinely needed to cover his mouth to hide the smile that broke out on his face when Sherlock said the word “penguin.” It came out strange, as though he’d never been taught how to properly say it. Perhaps he thought he’d gotten away with it. He’d let it slide, but it was so endearing that John needed to look away to get his thoughts together.
The words rang in the thin air around them, his heart threatening to beat right out of his chest. When Sherlock turned around, one hand still on the knob, his heart halted completely and began flipping in his seemingly-hallow chest.
With expedition, John sloppily packed everything away and refused to meet the gaze of the model who, strangely, was trying to catch his eye. Turning toward the door, John strode out and took a deep breath, more than pleased to be free.
“It’s your turn,” Sherlock mumbled in a nearly indiscernible way. He made one feeble attempt to sit up but seemed to have lost control over his limbs.
Sherlock shuffled uncomfortably in his spot, uncertain of his role in this group of men. He glanced briefly at Sholto, who had taken to toying with his trombone while the lot of his friends brought in the drums. It was as though Sherlock was accompanying a distant acquaintance on an intimate date. He stood between motionlessly still and endlessly fidgeting, uncertain of what to do besides pretend to be preoccupied with his own cuticles.
Sherlock could only use logic up to a point, he thought, to find any sort of order in the letters based on their exterior. His first letter surely would have been addressed more carefully. John always paid extra attention and care to projects that were new to him. Additionally, the writing would be controlled in an effort to maintain the integrity of the project. However, the first letter would likely have been more challenging a task compared to the others. After all, it was the first step of his own therapy. The task would have been trying on John. Therefore, the writing would have to be wobbly, but still with an air of effort.
Victor sat in thought for so long, Sherlock wondered if he was going to ignore the question. Yet his jaw tensed every few seconds and he continued to fidget with his hands and his toes continued their splashing in the water and he knew Victor was struggling to find the words.
John's heart lurched, a too-familiar pain spidering out into the nerves of his fingers.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but colour rose in his cheeks, betraying him entirely. “I believe I said I
But still, John remained in place, his shaking body betraying his continued anxiety. “I’m sorry for… well-” his eyes turned to Sherlock’s then, and they held a pain within them that was unmistakably a mirror of his own. He saw a thick tear fall independently down John’s left cheek, the solitary exposure of the suffering he felt. “I’m sorry for this. I do- I love you.”
” John obliged her curiosity, turning just slightly to stare at a damp spot on the wall that was nearer her direction.
“And why’s that?”
John isn't tall enough to place the star on top of the Christmas tree. Luckily, Sherlock can help with that.
“Their name is Sherlock. Holmes- wanted to keep their last name.”
(They just published their own fic and it is AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!
“Where were you the night of the 21st?!” shouts a voice and John can only barely see a blur of black curls above him and he can’t even begin to understand what was happening. Was that- was the model from class on top of him?!
Only when the mask was removed wholly and completely did he turn to John, heart heavy with the knowledge of what John had unknowingly done for him.
“Until next time, John,” said Sherlock in a low voice, his hand extended out toward the John.
He was still shouting and John’s mind was beside itself trying to explain what was happening. “What- What did you-
“Oh my God!” John laughed, hands coming up to his face as he laughed into them. “Oh my God, Sherlock! This is
“No.”
“No,” he lied.
His footsteps faltered, back turned to John for a long moment before he shot him a sideways glance and said, “No. He drinks there.”
His friend bound into the room with a dramatic leap of motion. The smile stretched across his face was a painting of sparkles on that beautiful angular face. As so often happened when Sherlock was around, John needed to remind himself to breathe at the sight of him
He turned on the balls of his feet away from him and took one step before John threw caution to the wind and gripped him tightly by the elbow. He felt his fingers dig through layers of flappy skin before he got a grip on any bone or muscle.
Consideration radiated from him for six seconds exactly before, miraculously, he said, “Alright. I’m in.”
“Oh,” he said in mock surprise. “Thank you.”
“Then, by all means, share your conclusion.”
“Care to join me for a glass, Sholto?” he offered, sensing perhaps he wasn’t the only one needing it right about now. He might not be able to read a person’s entire life story like Sherlock, but he was intuitive enough to recognize that Sholto was going through a bit of something.
But why was the dust pattern here so thin? Who had been here to check this floorboard and what had they been looking for?
The town is overflowing with bands seeking a performance opportunity and the options for clubs to perform in are limited. Al is just one owner of one club, but he won't let that stop him from helping The John Watson Band.
,” he continued, “it happened again when I was ten- love, I mean.”
“Oh,” said Zane, the syllable loaded with disappointment. Sherlock wouldn’t allow himself to look up and deduce whether or not he was.
He started in on the drink before him as his mind churned for an appropriate response. If they weren’t on a date, then he had nothing to fear for honesty. Though, if he was too honest, perhaps he would ruin any potential shot he could have. God, he hoped he had a shot. Then again, he supposedly had no shot at all.
The words haunted him like fire. The threat thrived on his life, his every breath supplying it with greater power. The more he lived, the closer he was to the fruition of Moriarty’s plan.
It was a testament to John’s self-control that he did not leap up with joy. Rather, he remained seated, wide smile betraying him, and extended a hand across the table in that dingy, filthy bar. Sherlock slid his long, cold fingers into John’s with the caution of a deer taking its first steps.
“What’s wrong?” he repeated in anguish, moving his head in an attempt to catch his eyes.
“He’s exposing my jokes, Johnny,” he said, an arm thrown around John’s shoulders. “Don’t know if he can stick around if he’s going to continue doing that.”
The green room was vibrating with the band before them while the young man gave them their instructions for how and when to walk on stage. When they were left alone at last, Sholto removed his trombone with care.
“Done,” Tobias said flippantly.
A rush of duty for his class mixed with constant admiration every time he needed to look up.  After drawing his basic outline of the body, he started drawing his face because strangely, that was what he wanted to remember most. There was something about him that he couldn’t understand, an air of mystery that John wanted to solve.
If you fancy it, find me on Tumblr:
Alternatively, you can share this on whatever other platforms you wish. Just let me know somehow and we can chat. :)
thezefronposter.tumblr.com (main blog)
He had thought- had truly believed- that his suffering had been greater than John’s. Through his travels, his torture, and his painstaking exploits, he was certain that he had received the short end of the stick. He absolutely convinced himself that John, safe and living a normal life, would have been spared any significant suffering.
“Let’s start with I’ll Walk Alone. It was top of the charts, people will love it,” said John, ignorant of- or perhaps simply ignoring- the displeasure of the band.
Merry Christmas to all (who celebrate it) and to all a good night!
“Sherlock!” he bellowed, desperation for understanding mixing with indignation at being treated as such. He chased him down the stairs and caught him standing still once more, hand frozen to the doorknob and eyes still refusing to meet John’s.
The music progressed into the second verse, all thought lost to unabashed anxiety. Soon, the entrance for his next singing portion was passing and his voice was stubbornly silent.
(I am taking a road trip to Portland tomorrow. I will do my best to post but I can't guarantee the time or internet access to do so. Please be patient with me.)
2. Sherlock’s established set of values will not align with his fierce (albeit sudden) desire to protect John Watson at all costs.
But had John not reciprocated the secrecy? Was John not guilty, himself, of disguising his own attractions in men? He saw Greg’s face in his mind and hated remembering how he’d been instantly entranced and attracted to him. The thought sent stabs of pain along the lining of his stomach. Was his self-hatred for this portion of himself deep enough to have been projected onto Victor? Is that why he never confided in him?
“But the dress
Sherlock’s laugh was music to drown out the band. “I’ll drink to that.”
A few rapid blinks from Sherlock was enough to make John feel better. “I-” he stammered, and John had the sudden, distinct feeling that this man wasn’t normally spoken to in that manner. A small well of satisfaction bloomed in John’s chest. “I am sorry,” said Sherlock, though it sounded like a question, the words foreign to him.
“Every time with John is a lovely time. I should tell him that. Tonight. I should tell him so many things…” he trailed off, images of proclaiming his love swimming in his content mind.
“The band?”
“Sherlock-” he choked out, the word mutilated by emotion.
John’s lunch was too short that day. He rose from his seat, placed his cup by a sign that read “
“Yeah, a lady called ‘Gin’,” whispered Philip to John and it was the worst thing to laugh at but it was all they could do. None of them- not even Sholto- could fault him for his need for the substance.
“I saw him leave opposite the rest of us with Sherlock toward the bar,” Sholto said, his shoulders straight, his trombone already in its case and held tightly in his rigid hand.
Body weak from both physical and emotional exhaustion, he swept up every last letter and found his way clumsily to his bed. Ignoring the dust that coated the fabric, he crawled under the sheets. All around him was a cloud of dirt that evaporated within second, the particles that had spent years settling themselves into the sheets flying away to find a new home.
The low murmur of conversation that filled the room around him seemed to grow impossibly loud, the sound of it filling his every corner of consciousness until it was an intolerable din, an audible itch he couldn’t scratch.
If John wasn’t already sitting, his knees would have buckled from how provocative he looked doing it.
Regardless of the confirmation, John shifted his weight slightly to provide a perceived increase in comfort. A shaking breath escaped him to steady his nerves, to calm his panicked mind. The paint brush was trembling in his hands, the heat from Sherlock’s body emanating from beneath him to provide him with a comforting sense of closeness that he so desperately craved.
“Tomorrow,” John said, his eyes remaining upon Sherlock as he addressed Wiggins. It took great effort to reluctantly turn his head toward the appropriate recipient of his statement. “Three or four days a week, never on Tuesdays. The contest is in two months.”
“Alright,” said John with a confidence he had to fake. “What did you mean when you said you’d join me for a drink but I shouldn’t ‘get the wrong idea’?”
“Not even a bit,” he lied.
“Mmm,” he replied, noting mentally how long it had until gravity won and the thing toppled off the tree altogether.
He wasn’t even a veteran. He didn’t even serve. Why was he here at all if-
“Wow,” injected Greg. “Johnny is willing to share the spotlight with you? I wouldn’t take that lightly.”
John turned around wildly to see Sherlock striding casually into the kitchen, his back turned to him. Face flushing scarlet, John straightened himself up and quickly used the fabric of his shirt to dry the dampness of his face. His hands clenched several times, his shoulders adjusting to a new posture that felt uncomfortable as he stood there confused in the middle of their sitting room.
It wasn’t. It was a bit short on him, his hip-bone jutting out from under it when he reached for a book on the shelf. Even so, he looked so handsome that John couldn’t bear to look at him for too long. Beholding him made him far too randy, for lack of a better word.
As the pair made their way toward whichever restaurant Sherlock Holmes was leading him to, John vowed to himself he would give the Grounds for Thought staff a one hundred dollar tip when his next paycheck arrived.
Gathering his shirt in one horrified hand, Sherlock dropped his gaze and walked away from the spot where John stood with shame.
Sherlock shrugged, eyes set upon the table, an obvious ploy to avoid John’s attentive look.
John stirred, on the brink of consciousness before the early morning light began to break. At the restless twitching of toes, lightly fluttering eyelids, and soft groan that emitted from John, Sherlock was distinctly aware of his own heart, elevating to nearly twice its normal pace. He was not even particularly aware that his lungs had stopped taking in air until John’s eyes fluttered open and he watched his pupils dilate Sherlock into focus. When a delicate smile crossed the face of John Watson, Sherlock let out the immense gust of air he hadn’t realized he was holding.
How could he have let it happen? His rage, ever close to boiling, steamrolled every rational thought in his grief. Beyond reason, he blamed Sherlock.
There was a chance John had underestimated Sherlock in this game of drinks.
He walked silently through a door that continued to swing rebelliously back and forth for too long after a body passed through it. John’s heart beat exactly ninety-seven times before a hand threw open the door once more to make way for not one body, but two.
Hand on the doorknob, John hesitated. His eyes were glued resolutely on his hand gripping the door, his whole body shaking with some hidden tension.
Rather, John fancied himself confused and impatient in all matters. This was most evident in every situation pertaining to Sherlock Holmes. What, pray tell, had happened that evening in the sitting room two weeks ago? Though that was the question consuming him at present, he was also still wondering about the many mysteries that had plagued him since their first meeting.
What are you implying? SH
(Benedict can't say "penguin" and it's equally hilarious and adorable.)
“Alright,” he said, unsure. “What about?”
true, but it was true enough to say without guilt.
And their energy fed off of one another, Greg nearly tackling Tobias after releasing Sherlock. Even Sholto was smiling wider than he’d ever seen, shaking John’s hand fervently before John caved and simply pulled the man into a trembling bear hug.
Suppressing the desire to check himself in the nearest mirror, he took a deep breath and walked slowly over to where the man stood. To his surprise, the devilishly handsome gentleman turned to him as he approached, his mouth curving into a smile that could have caused a traffic collision.
to know.
“Bloody brilliant. Laid out like that, it does seem- what’d you said- elementary?” John admitted, a goofy smile stuck on his face like gum to a shoe.
