They stay silent for a few minutes. It gives Dean a chance to mull things over in his head, and he thinks that Cas is probably right. He should lay low like he’s supposed to until he gets out of here. He just needs to find out whatever the hidden message behind all of this is.
Dean didn’t call out when he opened the apartment door. He assumed Cas would be asleep and didn’t want to disturb his friend as he was still recovering.
“You can sleep if you want, Cas.” I mutter into his ear and his grip on my hand tightens. I actually have no idea how he’s managing to even
. He can’t help but want to be close to him. “If this mission wasn’t going ahead, would you fight through this?”
“Got it.” Dean nods before returning to the bedroom quietly. They’re going to try their best to not wake Jimmy up because it’ll be hard for him to say bye to Cas. Dean thinks it’s likely he’ll be a bit down about it when he wakes up in the morning, but he’ll be all right. Maybe Dean will buy him something at the aquarium.
“We’re good, mom.” Cas returns her smile and slides an arm across Dean’s back. Cas knows that Dean’s still nervous about meeting everyone even though he won’t admit it.
Neither of us say anything until he’s finished, freaking forty seconds later. I just can’t get my head around the fact that he felt the need to not tell us when he was this desperate. And why didn’t he tell us he didn’t go before? Usually if you need to pee
For a moment he thinks he’s managed to do it, but Cas is now in his direct eyeline – their eyes lock. Cas manages one whole second before snorting loudly in amusement which Dean can’t help but find
“What’re you doing honey?” He asks through a sleepy mumble, eyes barely open. He watches Jimmy tug at it again.
Cas takes a deep breath and pushes himself up. He’s happy to find his meds haven’t worn off yet. He can move around without hurting too much.
Their voices have lowered considerably since they started talking about sex. Cas just hopes that people can’t hear them talking.
There is a silence that drifts through the trees like a breeze and the grey clouds up above seem thicker and darker. After waiting a few more minutes, I give up and start walking back to the house.
“Cas, it’s ok.” I say gently, but the angel keeps moving. I reach out my hand which totally freaks the guy out because he jumps back and falls off the bed with a thump. Dammit, I shouldn’t have done that.
“Hey, he had way more than me. He got the spoons from the drawer.” Dean explains. Cas laughs at that.
The waitress leans down to my level and whispers in my ear, “maybe next time you shouldn’t stare at me like a piece of meat.”
“There!” Dean shouts, pointing through the swarms of snarling monsters. Jarah and Blondie look through the gap before it closes to see Lucifer standing happily in the middle of his recruited supernatural fighters.
Sam glares at me from the back disapprovingly when he notices my food choice but I shrug and smirk at him. He’s used to it by now.
a grown man after all. Now I know he’s ok, I can’t resist muttering something else, “when you went all hard on her, that was kinda hot. I like it.” I smile. Some of his badass angel side came out back there and I loved it. I like it when he’s all soft too though. Like a kitten.
“We’re a bit down about what happened today, aren’t we bud.” Dean fills him in, taking Cas’ free hand to lock their fingers together. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand.
He can’t stay still and instead squirms. Dean pins his hips down, still sucking on his dick and Cas tenses, toes curling and his fingers are gripping the blankets so tightly, his hands begin to cramp. He reaches down to hold Dean’s hair instead, pulling gently.
Once alone, we get back into bed. Cas tucks up against me immediately and I wrap my arms around the sleepy man on top me. I card my fingers through his hair and rub his back at the same time. “So, you’re sure you’re gonna be ok?”
“Alright. Did you finish your banana?” Cas asks and Jimmy nods. “Okay, why don’t you go find Jack and play for a while before you go, hmm?”
“I-…” Cas starts, trying to swallow down the lump in his throat before continuing. “I promise I’m trying to be okay. I promise.” He says, finally wiping a couple of tears away. “I’m so sorry that you have to keep picking me up; that I keep falling apart and you
Cas expects his brothers to tease him for being tired this early, but he realises that news about him recovering must have spread across the whole family by now. They must all know he isn’t 100%.
“Hello.” I reply, smiling. “You want to sit down?” I gesture to the empty space next to me on the porch swing.
I am not able to zone out for long because Omandriel trails his fingers down to my belt before working at the buckle and then the button and zip. He tugs my pants down leaving me even more exposed. He moves behind me and I flinch away from him, but he just grabs my hips firmly and holds me still.
“I…” Cas tried to swallow a lump in his throat “she used to shout at me when I was little. I think it…it just messed me up. I don’t sleep good.”
“Cas?” He heard Dean’s sleepy voice behind him. He ignored it, not registering it really. He knew he was in a panic but it wouldn’t stop. Nothing would stop. “Cas.” Dean sounded more alert like somehow he knew something was wrong. A second later he felt another body beside him. He flinched and moved away.
He kisses Jimmy’s forehead and switches the big light off, leaving a couple of nightlights on for him.
The branch shook a little from the landing, and carried on moving when the two birds started hopping around and tweeting.
I sigh and realise that I have already retrieved the box and am making my way back to the main room.
“I imagined myself coming and, well, I guess it almost felt like the real thing. You didn’t have to pull your boxers up.”
Given their current situation with Cas being so unwell all the time, Dean can’t get enough of comforting him. Making Cas feel better is like a drug to him – all he wants to do is protect him from
“The morgue opens at 8am. We need to get there early if we want to get anything done today! I’ve already showered, the bathroom’s all yours. I’m gonna go and check if Castiel is in his room.”
Cas breathes through the pain. “I- I’m managing mostly. It’s better if I don’t move but the fever is making it hard to stay still. And…I know it was only like half an hour but…I’m glad you’re back.” He murmurs.
Hannah shakes her head. “Ah, I’m sorry, that came out wrong.” She sighs and steps forward, placing her hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I’m really sorry to turn up out of the blue. I know we signed all of those papers in court and those still stand. I just…I just want to meet him. Just once. And then you won’t see me again.”
He stared into the green of Dean’s eyes, nearly losing himself there before he snapped himself out of it, took a deep breath and-
I feel his fingers lock with mine and I smile sadly. He might have a reason for coming over here, he might not, but I don’t mind either way. Cas is with me now, and the hole has been filled.
With a moment of contemplation, Jimmy agrees and soon they are sitting under a blanket on the couch watching animated films. As long as it isn’t Disney princesses, Dean doesn’t really mind which ones they watch.
“He’s just never quite got a handle on it. He got close, but then he got sick so it knocked him back a bit. He’s nearly
Dean nods, gently wrapping his arms around his bare abdomen and rests his head over Cas’ shoulder. He speaks softly and quietly. “Cas, you’re having a really rough time. It’s been
“I guess…I’m single, you’re single…wanna get together?” He asked, knowing Cas appreciated the slightly jokey tone to diffuse the tension of the situation. Not
Me, Cas, Sam and Jody sit quiet for a while until the angel sits bolt upright quickly. On instinct, I reach for the trash can, but Cas makes no move to use it. Instead, a white light appears around him that was invisible before. It shimmers in the light and Cas’ body starts glowing brightly, including his eyes. For a moment, the ocean blue colour is lost in them until the force field burns up and fizzles away like a ghost that just got salted and burned. There is shock on Cas’ face when everything is gone, and I can physically see the healthy colour that is rapidly returning to his face.
“I will save people.” Cas snaps. Dean knows there are other reasons – he can hear it in the crack of Cas’ voice.
“My phone’s going, one sec.” He says and Cas sits up, climbing slowly to sit next to him on the stones. Dean looks at the caller. “It’s my mom. Facetime.”
“So, I was thinking we should go back to Indiana. That’s where the vic was. You know, the one who was killed with one of the knives. We could check in to the same motel and then cast the location spell. That’ll lead us to the angel that has the other daggers.”
“We’ll go easy. Clothes off?” Dean suggests, thumb running over Cas’ nipple over and over. It feels…unexplainable. He’s missed this so much.
Just as Dean is about to talk to him, he is wrenched backwards powerfully by someone gripping the back of his jacket. He lands on the floor with a thud and it knocks his breath away. All he can do is gasp in an effort to get it back.
Dean can see that everyone who is still hanging around after the engagement story heard what Jimmy said, and all of them – including Cas and Dean – are melting at the level of cuteness.
“His breathing’s a little off. It does seem like he has a concussion.” He clarifies, looking at Dean then back down at Cas again. “Possibly some bruised or broken ribs too.”
wanted to be a writer. Someone to provide fiction to distract other people from their troubles. He wanted to be the one to create a world people could escape to just by reading his words.
“Kind of.” He mutters, swatting my arm playfully. “It’s not funny! The episode we watched was...unsettling.”
Now Jimmy’s even a few months older, Cas and Dean are noticing more and more signs of him being on the spectrum. Nothing too severe, just little things like the hair pulling. Jimmy only does that when he gets really stressed out though, so he’s only done this a handful of times.
Once Cas had had a minute to rest and catch his breath, Dean shifted a little. “Come on, you don’t wanna sleep here. Let’s get to bed.” He hoisted Cas up carefully and moved them towards the bed.
We’ve just been and got takeout – we didn’t feel like sitting in a rowdy diner. Well actually, I’ll rephrase that,
It’s pretty badly wrapped. There are sticky bits of tape everywhere and the paper is scrunched and ripped in places.
“You want to shower?” I have no idea how we’ll pull that off. “Don’t worry, it’s nothing personal, I need one too. We both kinda smell of pukey nutrient shake.” I chuckle, before hitting the angel lightly on the shoulder.
Even though they fell asleep late afternoon, Jimmy seems to be getting tired again already. Dean appears to have made him some food too, so soon he’ll probably be ready for bed.
Dean grabs the bar of soap and begins washing down my chest, getting all of the small smears of blood off it. He moves around everywhere, starting from my chest then moving down to my legs, and it just feels
“You’re doing great.” Dean whispers so that this time, no one can hear their conversation. It draws a small smile from Cas and they share a single, light kiss before continuing to eat their food.
Much to my surprise though, Cas turns back to me, lifts himself up and straddles my own hips. His eyes are full of doubt, but he gazes down at me, licking his lips. I watch him carefully as his eyes flicker down to look at my lips. And slowly, he leans down cautiously before pressing his lips against mine. We stay still for a moment before I move my mouth against his. He follows my lead and you can tell he’s inexperienced, but it’s genuinely the best kiss of my life.
Cas thinks for a second, his eyelids heavy in his clear tiredness. “I feel bad, but I don’t think we should. I know he said he’d be okay with seeing me tomorrow, but if he has to say bye he’ll cry. I know he will. And then he won’t want to leave. It’s easier just to take him.”
His phone screen goes blank and Dean shoves it back into his pocket. When Dean looks at Cas, he is holding his hand up, admiring the ring on his finger.
“Let go, Cas. I’ve got you. Let go.” I whisper into his ear, and with one jerk, Cas gasps and freezes up.
“Eh whatever. But yeah, that’s awesome Cas. I’m proud of ya.” He kissed him again before pulling away, seeing a juice box on the counter. “How old are you?” He giggled, picking it up. “Apple juice?”
“You’re okay.” Dean whispers as Cas continues to drink small amounts of water. Cas lets Dean hold him close. “Everything’s gonna be just fine.” He says. Cas closes his eyes and presses his face against Dean’s neck. “I’ve got you. It’s okay.”
“Maybe – I’m not sure. Depends how tired I am after…everything.” He decides, still dreading tomorrow. “When I
“Dean.” Sam is standing by the door, fully dressed, with the car keys, “I’m gonna go out to the grocery store and pick up some ginger ale or something. Might help Cas keep his food down.”
I throw my head back, laughing loudly which makes Sam jolt upwards in confusion, “wh-what?” he mumbles, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes quickly, “what happened?”
“Well, I uh, I can’t exactly stand on my own, can I.” He admits, a small blush creeping up onto his cheeks.
“Here, let me.” Dean walks over to Cas to help him let go of the metal support bar in the big bathroom attached to Cas’ hospital room. He’s helping Cas get dressed because, as promised, he’s coming home today.
Cas shifts into a more comfortable position and keeps his eyes set on Dean, letting him slide his finger in and out a few times before he starts to press another in.
“Hey Cas, you have to eat too. Jimmy’s managing so you should too, yeah?” Dean points out, his eyes telling Cas all he needs to know. Dean’s been worrying about him, he knows even though Dean’s never actually said that.
dad.” Dean replies and can’t decide whether Cas blushes or if his cheeks are just pink from the cold. “Are you warm enough?”
“Yeah. Little monster more like.” Cas jokes and Benny chuckles at that, nodding to Cas before he has to serve a customer.
I gasp and fidget in the chains at the sight of the rod, but resistance appears to be useless. I am trapped. There’s no way out of here. No way to defend myself.
“Claire! Enough!” Jody half yells. Claire walks away in the direction of the kitchen, shrugging. From what I can gather, it seems as though she’s taking every opportunity to get revenge on Cas for taking her dad away. Yeah, she’s
“Rude.” He mutters, frowning, wondering what kind of dick-headed angel came up with that kind of term for humans in the first place.
“It was a pleasure.” She assures warmly. She then moves on to Sam and tells him goodbye. He thanks her too.
He reckons he has the tip of a loaded shotgun pressed against his neck, so he lowers the blade, keeping his movements slow. The blade drops to the grassy floor with a muted clang, and Dean raises his hands into a surrender position.
Roan blinks at him, pretending to be unfazed by his comment, but Dean sees a small flicker of fire behind his eyes. Dean’s actually surprised that he doesn’t bite back; the man just remains calm and collected, moving slowly like he’s thought about every centimeter of movement beforehand.
When he’s finished tucking them in, Dean returns his hand to Cas’ hair, shifting a little closer to him, enjoying the warmth. It feels so good to be close like this.
“Cas, buddy, you scared me.” I say, sitting down on the decking next to him. This is when I find that he is watching a ladybird crawl around on his arm. The little smile that pulls across his face makes my heart flutter with affection. The admiration in his eyes for that small creature along with the way his face is lit up by the soft light makes me smile too, and all I want to do is hug him.
I cry out when he kicks my left thigh where the tip of the knife is, sending it flying out onto the floor in front of me. It clatters, speading blood across the carpet.
“I…” He started, licking his lips which had become dry. “I’m not going to tell you I’m definitely okay because…yeah, everything I just told you has really, really hurt me and it still does. But…being with Dean, it…it’s been so good for me. I’ve been feeling
Dean nipped at his earlobe then moved back to his mouth, kissing hard. They breathed the same air through the heavy kisses. When he felt Dean’s hand moving down his chest again, Cas wrapped his arms around his boyfriend’s back, splaying his hands and raking his fingernails down across the thin material of his shirt.
Although, after drying my hands off on the towel, I approach him and pull him into another hug sporting a more serious yet genuine tone, “I’m proud of you, Cas. I know that was hard.”
Dean was aware of small movements like Cas resting his head on his shoulder. Cas was also fiddling with one of the buttons on his jacket like it was the most interesting thing in the world – Dean could feel a small tug every so often when Cas twisted the button between his fingers. He didn’t mind; he just admired Cas’ little frown, finding his heavy concentration on such a small thing quite cute.
happen. I know, ‘bad things’ are in the job description, but still. When Cas was human before I hated myself for kicking him out of the bunker. Heck, the guy was killed because of me. I hate seeing my friend like this. I mean, a grown, strong angel reduced to tears? That’s all kinds of messed up. And the thing that makes it worse is that it was his own brother that caused it.
"Whoever created that figurine of me must believe I am still strong....but I'm not. Those wings....my wings look nothing like that now. I am not strong or-"
"You know what really gets me? That your dad was locked up, I never told you because I didn't want to hurt you but damn it! How could he just break out? Him being away was supposed to keep you safe." Dean's voice dropped. "That's all I ever wanted, but....it didn't keep you safe, I'm sorry."
The younger placed what he hoped was a comforting hand on Dean's shoulder but Dean shrugged it off and sat by Cas's bed.
Cas trotted after him and hopped into the car. He put in a Boston cassette and leaned back to enjoy the ride.
"Please Dean." Sam pleaded. "You can be here first thing in the morning, I promise." Dean bit his lip and looked at Cas in his bed. "Dean, he would want you to. He wouldn't want you to worry yourself sick about him, now would he?"
Nights were the worst. Dean would, if he was lucky, fall into a fitful sleep, with dreams filled with nothing but Cas. When he woke, there were times he could pretend Cas was only in another room, that he could see him any second. Reality kicked in eventually, it always did, and he knew that he would never see his lover again.
Cas shifted and pulled Dean closer. "How'd you know? How did you know I was in trouble? And how did you find my house? It's like this sudden instinct kicked in for you and you went into hero mode."
Dean took the box from Cas's hands and placed it back on the shelf. "Cas, that doesn't matter buddy." He tried to reassure his friend but he knew he hadn't helped much.
Cas grunted and rolled over, blinking his eyes against the sunlight. The room came into view and he recognized Dean standing over him in his work clothes. "Oh, hey." He said sleepily, feeling slightly disappointed. "Is it Saturday already?"
"Oh angel, of course not." Cas leaned into her and hugged her fiercely. "Shh, don't cry sweetheart, it was nothing. It's nothing to be upset about okay."
Cas stiffened and Dean spun around. "Your just jealous you can't get some, from anybody. Too bad people have standards." He retorted.
Cas held him back tightly, wondering how he could have been so stupid, so oblivious. How his head could have been up in the clouds so much for this to happen.
"Seriously, with that book again?" Dean slid into his seat and knocked away Cas's book with a sly grin. "I swear, one of these days I'm going to take that stupid thing and never give it back to you."
A few passing students snickered and Dean smiled victoriously. Cas was immediately wary, sure that this must be a sensitive subject. He wasn't sure, but he'd always thought that Dean was straight. Well, until this happened and he wondered the same about himself. "I'll see you after homeroom." Dean said softly.
They finished eating and headed out. "I can't believe I hadn't found that place before." Cas said as rain began pounding against the windshield.
"It's alright, you can borrow some of mine. I just hope they fit." Dean pulled out a pair of dark jeans, a grey t shirt and a plaid long sleeve shirt. "Here." Cas accepted them with a smile, even though it wasn't the sort of clothes he would normally wear. He hurried to the bathroom to take a shower.
"Too bad you didn't fall. Then I could say you fell head over heels for me." Dean said with a playful smile.
"Hey," Dean said, stroking Cas's hair tenderly. "It's okay, I don't mind. We'll have forever to hang out, you need your sleep."
Cas always slept with his blinds closed. He opened his eye and sat up. He looked around the room and last nights events came flooding back. He reached for his phone and checked the time-10:41 am. He swung out of bed in a blind panic, crashing to the floor loudly. Loudly enough apparently to wake Dean, who appeared at the bedroom door with a serious case of bed head.
"Exactly, I'm waiting." Dean smirked. Cas let out a humph and Dean kissed him gently. "Alright, I'm sorry Cas. I sure as hell won't ever challenge your cooking skills again."
"Dean! Wait!" Cas tugged on Dean's hand desperately, causing Dean to turn around and notice the tears on Cas's face. "Just promise me...that if there is a heaven, you'll find me."
"Actually....I haven't." Dean said quietly. Cas looked over at him, startled by the news. Dean shrugged his shoulders. "I kinda like this place...it's special to me. I'm not going to take a few girls down here just to screw them."
Cas wrapped it around himself because he was in fact freezing and breathed deeply. It smelled familiar, welcoming. Like home. Everything about Dean was starting to feel like home.
Dean let out a long sigh and looked to the ceiling as if the answer were there. "I don't know." He admitted finally. "I was never good with the whole.....lets talk about our emotions thing. It scares me that-to get that close. I'm supposed to have this normal, apple pie life and-"
The younger man ripped the phone away from Dean, sending it flying into the corner as he glared at Dean with hard eyes.
Okay so this didn't go exactly the way I wanted it to. I had major writers block and then got busy with work. But I promised an epilogue so here it is, hope you like it.
Life was not infinite, that was something important Dean had taken away from this. Anything could happen at any second to rip your loved ones away. The only sure thing about life was death.
Cas couldn't believe it, but someone like Dean had actually chosen someone like him.This stuff only happened in movies, not real life. It was almost impossible for Cas to comprehend what had just happened and what it now meant for them. Heck, Dean was a guy and everything. And he'd chosen him. Cas smiled and contemplated his thoughts, their hands tangled together. That was certainly something new, for Cas to find another man attractive. The surprising thing was that Cas hadn't even noticed until it was right upon him. How close he'd gotten when he'd tried to hard to remain distant. How much Dean seemed to affect him. Cas's happiest times of day were when he was with Dean. It was just beginning to dawn on him. It wasn't the car, or the music or even the time away from his father and brother he looked forward to each day. No, those were just added bonuses. What made him really happy was being with Dean.
Dean smiled as he gently ran his thumb along Cas's hipbone. "To be honest, me either. I didn't really know what was happening until that day at the falls.....and I just knew that I had to have you."
Dean pushed Cas over so he was lying on his stomach and kissed him on the lips. "Then don't," He murmured. "Don't ever let me go. I want you to stay with me forever."
"Dean." There was pain and anger and fear in Cas's voice and Dean felt his heart go out to him. "Please." Cas looked into Dean's eyes, his face tear stricken and pleading. "Please Dean, it's better this way, if you don't do anything. You have to believe me."
"So?" Dean asked, stiring his cornflakes absenmindedly. "You going to elaborate or just drop a line like that and clam up?"
"Don't ask stupid questions." Cas grinned and leaped out of the car. "I'm freaking starving, hospital food sucks."
Cas said again,moving closer to Dean. "I love you Dean. I'd follow you anywhere. I'd do anything for you. We should leave here, run away to anywhere."
The faintest voice reached Dean. He closed his eyes for a second, trying to regain his composure. He walked back over to Cas's bedside with a brave smile and took Cas's clammy hand in his own.
Cas smiled back wordlessly and felt his heart flip again. It was odd, even after all this time, Dean could still do the simplest things and make Cas feel newly in love all over again.
“Oh honey.” She says, happily taking Jimmy from his arms when the kid reaches to her. “What happened?”
Cas swallows, almost like he doesn’t want to tell the truth. “It hurts.” Cas closes his eyes, snaking an arm across his chest.
.” He can see Cas’ soul in those emotional, blue eyes. “You’re a beautiful human being, Cas. You give me strength I didn’t know I had…and around you, I’m the best version of myself.” His voice cracks again and the tears which were brimming his eyes break free. They slide down his cheeks slowly. He feels Cas’ tears against his thumbs where he’s holding his gorgeous face. “I’m going to love you forever and never stop. Jimmy too, along with all of the other beautiful children we have together. And…Cas, I’ve never been so confident of anything in my life. You are absolutely
They pull back from each other and smile again, their relationship still building to a friendlier one than they had before.
aren’t having sex at the minute because Cas can’t get an erection. It’s a strangely relevant question even though their secret is
“We’re taking him to the mall later, aren’t we Cas? I booked the afternoon off.” Dean steps into the conversation, standing next to him. Cas subconsciously brushes his ring finger with his thumb. His ring isn’t there – it’s in his pocket. Him and Dean decided they didn’t want the attention of it today. They’ll tell people, of course they will, but it would have been something
He leaned forwards and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, breathing so heavily he could feel the air filling his lungs then leaving. “Dean.” He gasped. “Dean.” He gasped. “
In order to concentrate, I have to push any thoughts of Cas to the back of my mind, even though getting myself back to him is my main motive for coming out of this alive.
My friend begins to shiver after this, so I hurry up and clean the rest off before grabbing the hoodie from the car and slipping it over his head.
We all stand up from the table, intending to go and sit down in front of the TV. I debate for a couple of seconds whether or not to wake Cas up to watch the movie, but he’s had a long day. Some comfortable rest will work wonders for him right now.
“I’ve only worn it once for like, an hour, so it’ll do.” He claims, handing it to me. “Do you need help, or?”
Dean cups Cas’ cheek and tilts his head further to the side. He presses his tongue gently against Cas’ mouth when they kiss each other openly. He cherishes the quiet sound of each individual kiss and feels loving warmth spread through him when he feels Cas’ tongue gently ghosting past his own lips.
I actually gape at him. He’s wearing a burgundy long-sleeved button up that is tucked into the black slacks he is wearing. He has black, polished shoes on and his hair is quiffed up like it used to be (the ultimate sex hair). His toned muscles ripple through the perfectly fitted shirt and Cas’ body just looks incredible.
parent would get upset about that, yeah? And the food? If it doesn’t agree with you, you get sick which is unpleasant for
“Hey, hey, open your eyes.” Dean tells him, voice restrained from the lump in his throat. “Look at the sky. Look up.” Cas’ eyes open slowly and he fixes them above him, seeing the healthy blue colour up there. “You did that. That was
Naomi grabs a cup of water on the bedside table and drinks half of it down, dampening the cough away.
He takes Cas straight through the house to their bedroom before gently lying him down on the bed. Dean decides he’ll sort him out later. For now, he needs to get Jimmy into bed and make some final arrangements with Gabe.
I don’t fail to notice that it doesn’t take him long to get going this time compared to other times. Hmm.
“Aw, those sound awesome! That’s so kind of you to get us and Chrissie something.” Dean looks out across the stony beach in front of him. He can guess what Jimmy’s face looks like, all happy with bright eyes. It’s so nice to know that he’s having a good time. “Did you do anything else while you were there?”
Dean collects the last of Cas’ stuff while Cas goes into the bathroom. Before long they are in the living room with Gabe.
Moving my leg up, I press it between Cas’ legs and he groans out in pleasure as I continue rubbing him with my knee through his pants.
“Cas, I woke up and-” Dean giggles a little before continuing “and you were moaning really quiet and rubbing up against my leg.”
Cas tries not to divert his gaze shyly. He always wonders why he’s still shy around Dean when there’s compliments, but he knows that it’s just a part of him. A little personality trait.
“Your sweatpants are on that chair over there, I’ll get ‘em.” I leave Cas supporting himself on the wall while I get his pants.
“We did. Cas appreciated it and it gave us chance to talk to Jimmy about Luke.” He explains, suddenly realizing that nobody knows but him and Cas.
which has Dean smiling. Cas rolls his eyes and picks at his own food. He’s not that hungry himself really.
“He’s not waking up, he’s terrified.” I explain quickly and Jody turns the big light on using the switch on the wall.
“Do you think I’ve gotten worse in the last couple of days?” He mutters, watching the waves gently rolling onto the beach.
It reminds Cas of when he first had Jimmy. He still lived with his mom at that point, as did Alfie, Daniel, Gabe and Anna. They all helped look after Jimmy when Cas was tired, and each of them made a special bond with his son. They all love Jimmy to the moon and back.
I sigh, Cas still basically sitting on me, and share a glance with Sam. I shake my head to get across the idea that we probably shouldn’t have tried to come to Jody’s today. Even though we called earlier and she said it was cool, if we knew that
“Ok, ok. Why don’t we go see if there’s anything on the TV.” I decide, leading us into the living room and making room for us on the couch next to Sam, who is sitting on the floor doodling in his notebook.
His brother’s shoulders lift in a small shrug. “I guess I just wanted to see if you’d consider seeing anyone from your past again. Like Hannah or Meg or dad.”
He lifts his hand up and clicks his fingers, and I am suddenly wearing clean, plain white clothes. No socks though. Just a plain white t-shirt and white pants. The sweaty hair that was previously sticking to my head is now clean, and the tears are long gone. Up here, wherever we are, my leg is also no longer injured. It’s as if I just took an hour long shower and it washed
“No, it’s all right. We just wanted to drop in and say hi.” She hums, getting up from her seat with Cal.
nothing. Things really did seem pointless without Dean. He knew he needed to do something for himself that he enjoyed, just to find some
I nod and walk over to him, leaning down and wrapping my arms around the angel. I just love him so much my heart aches.
One might say we all found ourselves in one big snowball fight. It’s being taken very seriously too.
He reached forward and took Dean’s hand, smiling at him. His boyfriend smiled back softly. Dean felt like home.
“Okay.” Jimmy agrees, letting Dean put him down before Jimmy takes his hand and leads him to the side of the room. Dean crouches and takes hold of Jimmy’s backpack.
“Yes.” Cas says, going up on his tiptoes to see either end of the road. Gabe has met Hannah a few times from when her and Cas were helping each other during the pregnancy. “Like I said, she randomly turned up and asked to see Jimmy.”
“I work in marketing. Team leader.” Cal smiles at Cas. It makes him wonder how cool Cal is with Hannah seeing the kid she gave birth to three years ago. Maybe he’s a supportive husband which is the most likely option, but Cas senses a hint of discomfort in him. It’s like he’d prefer to be left out of this whole situation.
“Heck yeah.” Alex agrees, “it’s worse than wearing heels for an hour, and that’s really saying something.”
Dean seems to sense what he’s doing and deliberately lets the blunt head of Cas’ cock press against the inside of his cheek. It nudges against Cas’ hand and he turns his head as far as it will go into the pillow so he can moan freely into it, the material sufficiently muting it so no one else in the house will hear. The feeling of his own dick against his hand through Dean’s cheek makes him a shaking mess, dizzied with stimulation. Cas is close to
Without another thought, he starts gathering things together in Nicky’s diaper bag. He manages to put a coat on the boy and clip him into his car seat without waking him up which is a great achievement.
His boyfriend backed them up towards the bed slowly until Cas’ thighs hit the mattress. He got on to the bed and shuffled back, letting Dean climb on top of him.
“Who are you?” I ask, sporting a defensive tone in my voice. What if some bastard is possessing Cas?
Cas remembers when Jimmy had to say goodbye to Chrissie at daycare for this vacation. He cried the whole way home, and was only comforted when Cas said they’d see each other when they got back from Maine.
Cas fell asleep very quickly after that and once he was back in bed, Dean followed closely behind with Cas held close next to him. He didn’t sleep great because he felt like he woke up every five minutes wondering if Cas was okay, but every time he did, all he saw was the relaxed face of a very much asleep Cas.
The hunter sighs and helps me stand. “You’ll be ok, Cas. I promise you’ll be ok. This is for the best. I’m right here next to you.”
Dean walks out of the living room, knowing where Jimmy is because he can hear Gabe’s voice. He follows the sound and finds Jimmy and Gabe in the big bathroom.
“And so he should be.” I smile back and his eyes completely lock with mine. We’re a mix of candy apple green and swimming pool blue and I
He walks across the kitchen and picks the pacifier up from the counter before easing it into Nicky’s mouth. The boy gives a grateful blink and rests his head on Cas’ shoulder. Cas lifts his hand to support his back, getting the vibe that their son is sleepy now.
Once me and Cas reach our door (which is a couple of doors away from Sam’s), we stop and decide to make plans.
With a long sigh, he stands up and walks over to where Dean is still sitting. He sees that Gabe has gone now, and with a quick glance it appears that Gabe has been kidnapped by his nephews.
I stand up from the couch and walk over to the bottom of the metal stairs. Charlie has enclosed Cas in a hug and they both have huge smiles. “Dean!” She beams when she sees me.
His bare chests rises and falls and the feeling builds inside him very quickly. His mouth opens wide and he knows he’s going to be loud. Cas scrambles to grab the side of his pillow before pressing his face into it like he did before. Only this time, he feels his dick give a
“Dean, what the hell? Why did you do that? He was on his own!” Sam hisses, glancing at Cas who is still watching his nature programme.
Crap, that worried me for a second. I don’t know what I would’ve done had Sam not have come and helped me out.
Once me and Sam are done at the urinals, my brother exits the bathroom to get back to the table in case our food comes while we’re away. I go over to Cas and help him into a cubicle; it’s much more private.
“How about I go and check out the crime scene, and meet you guys when you get there?” Cas asks, looking like he really wanted to help.
Dean continues to wonder whether his own Cas will be like this; have a soft spot where he just lets himself relax. He supposes he’ll have to find out.
you want. You can get some student loans and you wouldn’t have to pay them off for ages – your money would be your own. And I’ll be here for you the whole way.”
The angel immediately relaxes under my touch, and takes another sip of his drink having only finished one small cracker.
“I dunno, just somewhere in the forest. Not for long. Just enough time for you guys to relax and maybe eat some food or something.”
“Mm hmm. He’s absolutely fine, Cas.” He runs his hand up and down Cas’ arm and presses the cloth to his forehead again. “Jimmy’s been with your mom. He’s safe, nothing’s happened to him.”
I examine and fiddle for a while with the buttons until water starts spraying out of the shower head. I jump out of the way quickly and smile at my achievement before turning to Cas. “I got it on.” I smile and approach him. “Hoodie first?”
I then pull the angel out of bed and wrap him in the blanket which seems to suffice for him because he doesn’t protest to the loss of the other blankets.
“Fuck Cas, you’re a loud one aren’t you?” I laugh, feeling a blob of hot precome drop on to my hand from Cas.
“Is it all gone? You wanna go inside?” Dean questions to which Cas gives a confident nod. Dean worries for a moment that maybe they’re treating him a little bit too much like a child, but Cas doesn’t really seem in a state to care. Maybe Dean will ask when Cas is feeling a bit better because really, they’re just being protective of him. They don’t mean to be patronising at all.
I open the door and approach Cas, placing my hand on his knee before crouching down so we are more at eye level. He gives me a confused look but waits for me to speak.
His boyfriend swallowed him down further with one hand still fondling his balls and the other rubbing his right hipbone comfortingly.
Cas manages to slit his eyes open, making eye contact with Dean. “Did he say anything at all?” He mumbles sleepily.
Another half an hour passes before Cas begins shifting around again. I place the beer I have been savouring on the bedside table, sensing that my friend is going to wake up soon. What I am not expecting though is him waking so suddenly.  His eyes shoot open and he starts grabbing and scrambling at my shirt trying to lift himself up or something. I can see the panic in his eyes and realise what’s going on.
His boyfriend pressed against his hole again. Cas flinched slightly when the bluntness split him open.
“Isn’t real. It’s not real.” Dean runs a thumb across his cheekbone. “What you saw must be horrible - I can’t imagine – but just look at me, Cas. Look at me and let the image slip away. Because that
I let go of his dick for now and wrap my arms around the angel, running my hand through his hair. “Yes you can. I know you can. You need to let go. Just try again, for me. Please. I know this is really hard for you. Take as much time as you want, I'm right here with you.”
“It’s fine.” My boyfriend decides. “I’ll sit here.” Cas says before shifting over and sitting in my lap. Luckily my plate is resting on the arm of the couch so my food is safe.
“Call me when you land? Or text, I don’t mind.” Dean suggests, feeling Cas bunch up his shirt in his fists. “It’s okay, it’s only two days.” He says positively. “We can talk all the time if you want.”
“Do we get to feed him treats?” Jimmy wonders, gazing in at the little furball. Cas is trying to carry it as gently as possible. The poor thing’s probably scared.
He chuckles and once again, looks over in my direction to see if I was laughing at his comment. I didn’t find it particularly amusing. “Right Cas?”
“What got you two all amused?” Jody smiles when we make an appearance, and I am happy that none of them appear to have heard Cas’ little episode.
“Are you still going grocery shopping tomorrow?” Dean wonders when he re-enters the room, a plate of pie in hand.
painful. He struggles to breathe between rounds of his stomach contents coming up, all of it surging into the bag.
“I won’t say anything to him about it. If he wanted to keep it quiet, I’ll look after him from behind the scenes.” She decides, seeming to be in lighter spirit now she knows a little more about the situation. “Although, Dean, I know Cas might not want you to say anything, but if anything happens that makes this more serious, please could you tell me? I’ll take any blame if he finds out you told me.”
“After Sam was…after Sam, we fought a fair bit. You used to share a room with him, so when he was gone they sent you in here with me. Dean was distraught at the time. He wasn’t sleeping, he was barely eating, he started talking to Kate more to have relations with her but she never agreed, and he was
“Cas, you didn’t tell me your brother is on a never-ending sugar rush.” Dean points out, smiling as he pulls Jimmy over to sit on his lap.
“I’ll take you bud, let’s go potty.” Dean decides, lifting Jimmy onto his hip once he is out of bed. They leave the room, and Cas is grateful that Dean just knows when he needs a minute.
“Yep. Don’t worry, that’s completely natural. You learn about that in the first grade when you’re too scared to ask out your first crush to sit with you at recess.”
Feeling even happier than before, I put the headphones over my ears and press play on the iPod. A flood of music starts playing and I listen to it thoughtfully.
“So we have some allowance for you.” Cas holds a twenty dollar note to show Jimmy with a smile. “Do you think you’re gonna go with grandma and your cousins to the toy store?”
It feels like we were searching forever, and to make it worse, nobody has anything to show for it. Regrouping, we discuss our minimal options here.
“Because Mom texted back and said she’ll meet us at the bunker at 2pm and she has no key to get in so we need to try and get there first.”
Seeing no other option, I get down onto the floor so I am at Castiel’s level and shuffle closer ever so slightly. “It’s me, Dean, okay? You’re safe now. You’re with me and Sam, We’re not gonna hurt you.”
I push the door open and Cas immediately starts speaking. “I wanted your opinion on my clothes.” He asks, turning around to face me instead of the mirror.
The light coming from the window brightens the room just enough so that he doesn’t need to switch the bright lights on. Maybe Jimmy will even fall back to sleep in his half-asleep daze.
They do take it slow, and soon enough Cas is on his feet. He’s putting a lot of weight on Gabe and Dean though.
“Don’t mind about the price, man.” Dean admits. “This is the ring that spoke to me, nothing else matters.”
“You did good today, okay? Going on that boat was a huge thing! And you had a good time with Jack so that’s really cool!” Cas says in hope of eliminating any more of Jimmy’s worries. He’s hoping that Jimmy isn’t still hung up about what happened on the boat.
“Shhh.” I hush, encouraging him to just get it out. The last thing he needs to do is explain himself right now.
I smile again and press my hips down on to his just to see what happens. He moans a bit louder and I find that he’s a bit harder down there than usual.
“Thank you.” Cas says, lowering his head to rest it on Dean’s shoulder. He feels Dean’s fingers carding through his hair.
“I’m sorry.” He whispers, scrunching his eyes closed to try to forget the image of Jimmy falling towards the lower part of the stairs. He didn’t actually see anything; he woke up before he saw Jimmy…well, before it got
“I specifically told you that I’d watch him but...” Gabe sighs, trailing off for a moment. “After he ran away, I found a young couple talking to him asking if he was okay, and he was just...crying.”
Dean watches quietly, diverting his eyes when Castiel removes his button-up shirt and replaces it for a soft blue cotton one. He leaves his boxers on, seeming to be intending to sleep in those. He doesn’t look at Dean once.
“Agent Collins and this is my partner, Agent Gabriel. FBI.” I reply with ease as me and my brother flash our badges. With these suits we really do look the biz.
“Cas.” He says hoarsely. His throat is sore from shouting for the last hour of fighting. “Cas, wake up.” Dean shoves him a few times, taking the time to look at his surroundings. Lucifer’s army is gone;
“This is cute. Does it have a name?” He wonders while he takes hold of the back of its head and makes it look towards Jimmy. He moves the head so it seems like it’s looking around then fixes its attention back to Jimmy. “Look, your giraffe wants a name! He’s looking at you ready to hear it.” Cas smiles at his son who is giggling.
“I love you too.” He manages to say before moaning when I adjust my angle and hit his prostate again.
“C’mon, take it off.” Gabe says. Cas nods and they both work to get his sweater over his head carefully. Cas shivers once it’s off – there’s still the early morning chill hanging over him.
“Go home, Castiel.” She says softly, and Cas can’t believe how much her demeanour has changed since he first entered the room. She’s gone from being her old, concealed, bitchy self to a…well, a mother. A mother he never had.
“I don’t know if it would work.” Gabe looks up to the ceiling in thought. “But what if I fly back with him?”
“I’d hug you while you fall asleep, but I think there’s something sleeping on me.” Dean jokes with a quiet laugh. Cas’ smile widens.
Dean opened his eyes, realising in a little shock that Cas was not sleeping next to him. Cas wasn’t even
Jimmy lets go of Dean’s hand and walks over to stand in front of the couch. His son’s eyes are watery but Jimmy starts to speak.
Those two minutes go very fast, and soon they are being ushered out of the room and back to their respected rooms.
Huffing, Dean runs a hand down his face, having being immersed in Roan’s speech. He really hates himself for it, but that dick’s words have formed a little niggle in his head. A niggle of doubt. A niggle that’s telling him Roan has a good point, that they can save the world together.
“Where’s Dean?” Jimmy questions, looking up at Cas when he sets him down on the floor next to the stairs.
They make a quick trip to the pharmacy situated inside the hospital to pick up some painkillers that will agree with Cas before finally reaching the doors.
My fingers linger in his hair for a couple more seconds before I guide Cas under the water. He loses his balance a bit, but I catch him and hold him close to make sure he doesn’t nearly fall again.
Everyone hums simultaneously in agreement. Claire opens the plastic DVD case and slots the disk into the tray. It closes and the movie title screen shows up.
He rubs shampoo into his hair and washes himself up before rinsing back down and stepping out, wrapping himself in a fluffy towel. It feels nice to have been able to wake up and not take his morning too fast. Dean was right.
Dean nuzzles into Cas’ hair. “Me too. I just want to be here with you.” He feels Cas shift again and make another noise of discomfort. “Is there anything I can do?”
I have no idea where all of these thoughts about Cas are coming from. Sure, maybe at the back of my mind there’s always been an interest in the guy, but why am I only just letting these thoughts in now? Maybe it’s because we’re quite close at the minute with Cas being fragile and all.
“Bring him in with us, then. He’ll be better if he wakes up with us there.” Dean suggests. “Screw the
Gabriel’s voice rings through the phone loudly. Cas flinches back and watches Dean snort where he’s sitting.
“Kay, we’ll give it a go.” Dean suggests coolly. “Might need a mop on standby though.” He jokes, but I just glare at him.
. My eyes dart around as I try to recover more information. I can remember Dean talking about how my brother is gone and about me being safe.
“Yeah. He’s trouble, that one.” Cas agrees. “The second is Kiara who is six and she’s friends with Lucy, I believe. The youngest is Jack, the one who Jimmy was playing with. He’s four so they’re a similar age.”
His toast revelation was interrupted by Dean placing his hand over Cas’, gently pushing it down so he wasn’t nibbling at the toast.
Cas hadn’t actually told Dean what Naomi used to say to him, but he was planning on it soon. He wanted to tell his therapist first and get her advice before completely opening up to Dean.
I think for a moment. Really, is this what I want? “Yes. I-I want to do this.” Enough of the helplessness. If this is one of the only things I can do on my own to help myself, I will do it.
I risk pressing my lips to the side of Cas’ head and he looks up at me again with those pure, innocent blue eyes.  I watch him glance down at my lips, and decide that this is a great time to get some alone time where we don’t have to worry about anyone seeing us anytime soon.
listen. He tried, but I was having none of it. I don’t think it’s possible for me to feel any guiltier than I do already (I wish it
question hidden in the game’s rules. Cas sure was lucky by falling asleep. The tone of Gabe’s question sounded like he had someone specific in mind. Someone like Chuck.
have to change, too.” He holds up a pair of navy blue overalls. The same ones some of the others were wearing in the corridor before.
The pressure built so high, Cas felt like he exploded when he came. It went on and on, and Dean kept on swallowing and swallowing.
I have no idea where we’re going to go after this. Cas has probably been knocked right back down to the bottom
My right hand finds his left and I pull it away from his other hand so I can hold it instead. He looks up and I smile at him reassuringly, lacing my fingers through his lean ones. He grips back tightly and shuffles closer to me so our shoulders and thighs are touching, just like at the ice rink café.
“Oh yeah, we heard.” I tell her, noticing Cas shift next to me ever so slightly in discomfort. He may have worked all that stuff out in his head, but it’s still obviously going to make him nervous if gets brought up by someone who isn’t close to him. After all, rape is rape, and nobody gets over it that easily. I’ll make sure he’s ok when we get out of here.
I nod and keep staring into the hunter’s eyes, searching for any kind of lie but there is none. When I feel the needle pierce my skin, I ball some of the bed sheets up in my hand and grip onto them before finding Dean’s hand and gripping that instead.
His eyes are pleading, begging for honesty. Asking Cas to remember last night and not push himself too hard.
“You’re good at cooking too Dean, you just aren’t admitting it to yourself because you think it’s pointless when there are takeaways everywhere.”
Dean holds Cas’ head under his chin and against his chest, keeping him in place with the hand at the back of his head. He ends up with his face buried in Cas’ hair, eyes closed, repeating comfort after comfort.
“Yeah, alright,” I agree, “I guess we should get ready then if we wanna get a good spot by the lake.”
Jimmy nods and shifts around in Dean’s lap. Dean leans around and him and checks his pull up. “Cas, you got the diaper bag over there?”
“Did you really just try that? Really? That’s the oldest trick in the book! I’m almost tempted to kill you
“You’re the one that’s been crying every day, not us! If you don’t want any sympathy, stop acting like a child! I’m trying to help you out here and you’re just brushing me off! You were sad as hell last night, and now you’re angry at me for trying to check on you? If you’re going to be like this all the time now, maybe you
“Look, Cas, I’ve been in a similar situation before. Sometimes me and Sam have to help each other out when we’re injured.” I say as reassuringly as possible, truly feeling bad for the angel. He’s used to being this powerful celestial, but right now he’s been reduced down to not even being able to go to the bathroom on his own.
put him here, they’ll keep him safe like Zach-‘chuckles’-ariah did when he flung him into 2014. In fact, he’s nearly convinced himself that that’s
“Yup. Hey Cas.” Sam smiles, looking over at Cas who still seems to be recovering from his humiliation. The angel just nods to say hello before staring at the wall. “Is he ok?” Sam mutters quiet enough so that the angel can’t hear.
After losing it earlier, I feel much better now. Dean went out for a drive with Sam after I promised I’d be okay. They’re just going to get some fresh air apparently. Jody is here anyway.
Noticing that there are no more chairs, I lift Cas up to sit on the counter next to Sam. The angel looks startled at first but then relaxes, seeming to quite like being able to look around from a higher place.
I laugh and shake my head, watching Cas stand up and also reach down into the box to grab another piece of tinsel.
Claire, who is on the floor, reaches forwards and pulls the drawer underneath the TV open. “Soooo, we got Mission Impossible, Thor, Divergent, Harry Potter, Transporter one and two and a few more ancient ones.”
Maybe that’s why Cas has always favored staring all this time. There more you look, the more you see. Like different species of butterfly fluttering around buddleia. His mom’s favourite plant was buddleia; she loved the smell.
“Hey.” Dean whispers, reaching around him to take Cas’ hands away from his face. It forces Cas to look at him. Dean holds his face instead – hands flat against his cheeks - looking straight into his eyes. “You didn’t. You didn’t drop him, you know that.”
As a result of what’s going on, Dean feels Jimmy’s grip tighten even more, and the little boy pushes his head into Dean’s neck harder. Dean knows his eyes are scrunched tight.
Something shifts inside Cas. He didn’t know he needed to hear that and it calms something within him. But still…now Gabe’s mentioned it, he feels a sinking feeling in his heart. “We’re half brothers.
“The opposite.” Gabe shrugs, smirking a second later. “I’m gonna enjoy having my car back from Dan and Al. Those two idiots have been having a field day having free reign.”
“Dean, do you want this, I don’t think I can eat any more.” Cas asks, gesturing to the burger in his lap that he has long since stopped eating.
. Omandriel uhm, he wanted to torture me because of what happened in heaven and everything that happened with Metatron. What he did next, it, it hurt a lot. I tried to tell him to stop, but he didn’t. He, uh, the thing he did was-he-he…” Cas pauses, looking for the words.
The two of them high five and I excuse myself to go and get some fancy cutlery that we found that would be good for when we eat food today.
Without thinking about it much, I realise all of my answers are right here with those little things he said to me. All I have to do is put the sentences together.
“Why didn’t you say anything? You shouldn’t have spent every night hanging out with a nacho machine!”
. In case you hadn’t noticed, he’s still healing. He’s not going to tell you every last thing! Whatever’s going through his head, he’s managed to scare himself, and now you’ve made everything
Dean sighs sympathetically. “Cas, look, I…I know what happened okay?” He sighs, sliding down to sit next to Cas on the floor. Cas’ eyes look watery.
The angel tries to come over to me, but there is nothing for him to hold on to, so he has to go back when his leg starts to give way a little.
I walk over to the window and open it before glancing at the curtains which move gently from the cool breeze outside.
“Jimmy might still go to the sleepover but he wants to come home for a while. I told him I’d go pick him up from Michael’s house.”
Dean shrugs. “Made some food, watched the TV. Spent some time with Jimmy. Not much really.” He explains. “We can go chill in bed if you want.”
“No, don’t do anything. It’s a distraction – look!” Harien points towards the tree line and Dean feels a rush of slight panic roll through him when hundreds of supernatural beings crack through the vegetation and start charging towards them. “They let us climb this hill, they’re going to surround us!”
“Sam, Dean, I really can’t thank you enough for everything you’ve done to help me.” Cas tells us (again) out of the blue.
Happy that that wasn’t too awkward, I pull a clean needle from the medical bag (which I also brought in here) and hold it up so Cas an see it clearly.
Luckily, blondie turns a blind eye and carries on with a little more ‘testing’ until he finally decides that Dean is not a spy or anything else.
Robyn continues. “Everyone respects Cas so they were all on his side, and they all hate Roan. But he’s a complete and utter dick anyway. When they demoted him from Sector D, they put him on maintenance – the red overalls. Y’know, it means his jobs are bathroom, kitchen cleaning and battle clear-up, which basically involves helping move back dead or injured people when there’s a fight with Lucifer’s people.”
He opens his eyes a touch, and he is no longer on the battlefield, but a dark, towering stoned room.
Cas is sitting bolt upright, gritting his teeth. He’s scrunching his eyes up and both of his hands are pressed firmly between his legs.
“Yeah, that’d be great.” I agree, squeezing Cas’ hand again anyway despite all of the suspicious looks that he and Claire are exchanging with each other. “Cas?”
I pull the angel in to a hug, gripping him shoulder to shoulder tightly. He holds on to me firmly, probably never wanting to let go. Tilting my head to the side, I kiss the corner of his mouth and he follows what I’m doing, moving his own head so our lips can meet properly.
Charlie flops back down on the couch, but Cas sways a little due to his drunkenness and mom gets up to support him quicker than I can.
This is going to ruin my friendship with Dean, he’s going to have had enough of this awkward intimacy before we even get to Jody’s house.
The others are watching in anticipation for Cas. This is gonna be quite a catch if he pulls it off. The big fish we’re dealing with here will be a pretty impressive first.
“Yeah, I’ll help.” I decide, thinking it’s probably respectful to give Claire some space while she grieves.
he is. He digs in with no hesitation, not even giving an experimental sniff. He’s so hungry he feels like he could eat and eat and eat.
The angel unexpectedly encloses me in a hug, “I know.” He whispers then kisses my jaw. It makes me feel better; better than I’ve been feeling for the last twenty four hours.
Cas looks especially proud of himself, giving a huge gummy smile. I can tell he enjoyed that, but he’s probably going to be hilariously embarrassed in the morning.
Dean leans down to press a light kiss to Jimmy’s forehead before climbing out of bed completely and making his way to the ensuite.
“Yes you are.” I turn around to everyone. It is verging on midnight already anyway. “See you in the morning, guys.”
The thing is, Cas has been adjusting to human life. I’ve thought about this a thousand times, and I think he’s different because he recognises he’s more vulnerable now.
Gabe glances either side of the road before jogging across to Alfie. “Heya Al.” The two of them hug.
thanks to me. I love him; I’m not supposed to be yelling at him for waiting a bit too long to go to the bathroom. He loves me too (well, I hope he still does) but maybe he really
don’t know what is out there. Only a few have been beyond this galaxy. They never came back. It’s very dangerous. There could be wavelengths and frequencies we can’t even imagine, but it’s all a great mystery.”
Jody shakes her head, smiling “at least we actually caught something that day. There were other people there and they got nothing, but us? Nah. We were constantly pulling 'em in.”
“Uncle. I was supposed to be watching him.” He admits guiltily. “His dad’s back at the coast waiting for us to get back.”
Everything is going so well. Cas is doing amazing. His leg is nearly fully healed, so he can get around in his own now easily. Sam is happy too. He’s started seeing another hunter we met on a case called Eileen. She’s awesome and she’s also spending Christmas with us. Mom is still with us. Right now she’s with Sam at the train station waiting for Jody, Claire and Alex. And finally, there’s me and Cas. We simply couldn’t be more in love.
“I did.” Dean snorts. “Come on, let’s get back to sleep.” He says softly, holding his arm out to support Cas.
Dean moved away so he closed his eyes, focusing on himself for a while, teasing himself until that tingly feeling came back. He started to harden in his hand while he held himself, rubbing his thumb across the top of his penis slowly. It felt really nice.
Dean hums in agreement, pressing a kiss to Cas’ neck. “You’re right.” He runs his palm up and down Cas’ chest for a second. “I’m gonna go get some dessert. Do you want anything?”
People shower them with congratulations until they all slowly become silent when Jimmy’s little voice pipes up.
Sighing, he slowly pushes himself out of bed, taking his time to stand up. After being in pain last night, he’s trying to be extra careful so he doesn’t jar his ribs again.
“They don’t even give us cards to play with. This is an entertainment free zone apparently.” RJ comments as he stands up to take everyone’s trays to the collection counter.
“That’s cool, as long as you eat something, that’s good enough for me. And I’ll quite happily finish off what you don’t eat.” He shrugs which makes Cas laugh.
Then it’s just the two of us, standing outside silently. The moment I step forward to help my friend walk, he walks away from me even though it hurts him to do so.
“No. Not this time. I think something’s wrong. He’s been acting so weird. Remember last night with the granola bar? And today when he got food and coffee for breakfast and then lunch? I noticed that during lunch he looked like something was troubling him, and also at the crime scene. His face was paler than heck. And then he just randomly takes off without saying much? No, it’s almost as if he’s, well…-“
they think he might be. Even so, Dean still ends up with holy water dripping down his face just to make sure he isn’t a demon either. Dean shoots him annoyed look, but still says nothing to aggravate him.
“Okay, shhh.” Cas rubs Jimmy’s back a little more firmly, cutting him off to stop him working himself up too much. “You’re okay now, yeah? I’m here, Dean’s here, we’re at home.”
He closes his eyes, letting the wind ruffle his hair gently. The world is quiet at this time in the morning. It’s a Sunday too, so people aren’t on the roads to get to work. It’s silent, save for the rustling of trees and the sea on the other end of the beach in front of him. Cas feels all of the tension in his body slip away bit by bit. He’s been nervous about seeing his family for some reason, but he’s feeling better now. Nature has always comforted him.
With Dean’s help, Cas manages to get himself back into bed completely, hot water bottle on his chest and hand interlocked with Dean’s beside him.
Cas goes into shocked silence when Dean pulls the box out and opens it, revealing the ring. Dean waits for a short moment, just taking in the surprised, teary look on Cas’ face. His bright blue eyes are wide and switch between Dean’s eyes and the ring. Cas
“Barth and I were at college when that happened. We got a phone call from Gabe and he didn’t even need to explain. We just turned to each other and said
The voice is a lady. She sounds kind. She seemed to change her voice after he spoke to her. Now, she sounds nicer than before. Her voice is more gentle.
His erection is throbbing – the heat of Dean’s mouth is amazing and Cas finds himself reaching down to cup Dean’s cheek. He…he wants to feel himself in Dean’s mouth.
Cas breaks the kiss, but our lips remain close, “I don’t know what to do.” He mutters, and for some crazy reason, it just turns me on more.
“Is it supposed to go on this long? Maybe we should pull him out of it.” I ask, starting to worry just a little.
He concentrates on how good the cool air from the window feels on his skin as he starts to push himself up. It hurts, and he has to grit his teeth to stop himself making a noise. He’s so sick of feeling like this. He just wants to be able to have one pain-free day.
He didn’t even know where he was going. His feet were just taking him places. He almost wished they’d lead him to a high place…and not stop, but no. He didn’t want that. It’s just how Naomi made him feel. She made his life seem worthless even though the bitch was the one who started it.
“Cas, you’re so hot.” Dean hums, out of breath. He licks over Cas’ jaw then down to his collarbone, sucking on the taut skin which will no doubt leave several red marks. He doesn’t even care – all he can think to do is bury his fingers in the hair at the back of Dean’s head and move his hips with Dean’s hand.
Cas shakes his head “no, he...he warned me...about it...but said...he said if it does happen...to breathe - not hyperventilate...and keep breathing...until it recedes...but it’s hard...because...it hurts...a lot.”
“You really needed to go, huh?” I laugh, and I’d be lying if I said I didn’t see the corners of his mouth twitch up slightly.
Not gonna lie, this fic is going on for much longer than I expected xD I keep thinking of bits to add in and I'm like ooh yeah, why don't I make this character talk to that character about stuff. Lol there's still quite a lot to get through.
wrong if she read that the name of the patient was Eddie Moscone. Jeez, I don’t even want to think about what could have happened.
I gently take hold of his knees, spreading his legs apart a little further then look down for a moment so I can line up and finally start to push the head of my cock inside him. Cas grips my back tight when I move in a little further and I stop for a second to let him adjust.
Cas looks into my eyes for a little longer before looking down at the neatly wrapped rectangular box in his hands.
“I’m fine.” Cas squeezes his hand and looks up for a moment. Dean admires his eyes. “I just didn’t want to be stuck in all day. Last night felt like bed was some kind of prison because I just couldn’t bring myself to move. I feel better already and we’ve only been out here for like fifteen minutes.”
Jimmy leans back so he can talk. “Yes but- but I’m happy to see you.” He wraps his arms around Dean as far as they will go. “Can we go home?”
to listen to you. All I could think of, was what I lost when you were three, and…not what I gained instead. Not
He can’t see any blood from Cas luckily, but he could still be seriously injured. Dean just has no idea, so he’s relieved when he hears three knocks on the front door. It opens a crack and someone calls out “emergency services.”
After flipping the indicator up, I change lanes so I can go down the slip road to the station. The roads are relatively quiet at the minute thankfully.
“Go home and be with your family. Be with Dean and your little one. Be with them, and forget about me. Go live your life. Go and be happy. I want you to be happy.” There is actual desperation in her eyes, as if he
I dip my hand into the water before running it through Cas’ hair. He’s very tense, but I continue anyway until it is wet enough for some shampoo or something. While I am rubbing the soapy substance through his hair, I notice him watching me out of the corner of his eye. The angel doesn’t say anything, he just waits silently.
He gained a bit of confidence and pulled his hands away from Dean’s, only to wrap them around the other man’s neck and pull him close as they kissed.
The older brother rushes around to my side of the bed and crouches down so we are at eye level, not knowing what has happened because of it being covered by the many blankets. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
The shouting suddenly stops, there is a pause, then the door cracks open. An eye fills the gap, studying him before the door swings open. Dean is yanked inside by the front of his shirt and the door is banged shut behind him.
“Thanks.” Alex walks off to where the front door is, kneeling down and looking underneath the dresser, spotting her shoes.
“It’s hard, isn’t it.” She has a kind face. Cas wonders whether she’s trained to be calm, or whether she’s just a nice person. Probably both.
We do eventually get the tree back to the bunker, but a considerable amount of time has passed and me and Cas are exhausted.
Cas stands him on the floor, stroking his hair just as Alfie lunges over. “Aw Jimmy! My little guy!” Alfie beams at the little boy, kneeling down for a hug.
when it’s dark.” He calls a little louder. He feels his heart beat faster in panic. What if Jimmy just runs out on his own? “Jimmy!” He hisses through a shaky breath when he gets ignored. He pushes himself up further and it
“Um, we think he might have fallen down the stairs and hit his head and I saw bruises there.” He gestures to Cas’ chest, seeing that his own hand is shaking.
He’s only wearing his green t-shirt and white boxers, but I don’t think he particularly cares right now.
Cas is by the door, leaning against the wall waiting for me. He’s somehow wearing clothes similar to the ones he was wearing before when he was human. He has his usual black blundstone boots, a green t-shirt, a red hoodie, a light blue dress shirt and some black hiking trousers along with a coat on too.
“Okay.” Cas hands Jimmy over carefully, trying not to wake him. Dean secures the little boy in one arm and holds Cas’ hand with the other. “Thank you.”
“We need to invite your brothers over for dinner sometime. Hilarious.” Dean chuckles at the thought of it. “You too, Chuck.” He adds, looking at their son huddled in Cas’ dad’s arms. Nicky is giggling at him as he moves his knees, making it seem like the boy will fall off before moving back again. He keeps doing it and Nicky’s laughs get louder and louder.
“Yep. Gabe found her smoking by her car. She was the only one who hadn’t set off yet. Me and Gabe were with you coming down the stairs.” Dean will keep giving him all the information if it helps Cas piece things together in his head.
I chant in my head as a sort of mantra to make myself disgusted. That’s what they say, right? Think of something you hate to turn you off.
cares about him. He thought he didn’t care about her opinion, but maybe he does. Maybe, really, that’s the last piece of the puzzle. The last piece that will allow them to settle things and move on into the future.
. He has a meal plan which he’s sticking to, an exercise plan and a flexible timetable for how he needs to look after himself for a couple of months. It’s
“Seven fifteen. Jimmy woke up at six and couldn’t sleep so I got up with him. We’re meeting everyone at the diner at eight, but Cas if you need some more sleep, just stay here, yeah? No one minds. I’ll just tell people that you were up with Jimmy in the night.”
I can see his face in the wing mirror on his side and smirk as I take my phone out of my pocket and lean over him, (occasionally glancing at the road because crashing the car would be a bit not good) taking a snapshot of this moment. His face looks like a marshmallow that has been put in the microwave for a couple of seconds.
Cas nods. “Yeah. Well, he’s been really good while I’ve been recovering and we’re going to get a pet which he’s wanted for
Dean begins frantically patting his pockets and stuffing his free hand inside each one, seeing if there’s any rectangular shaped lumps or any object he can find that might clue him in to what kind of mess he’s in right now. Turns out there’s jack squat. Not even a penny.
“Hey, that took longer than usual, is he okay?” Dean asks as he approaches. Cas slips the diaper bag off his shoulder and puts it down on the seat opposite Dean.
Cas screams over and over. He doesn’t think he’s ever orgasmed so hard. He can see stars and his body is fully frozen in place. Cas is beyond rational thought as he feels each twitch of his cock; each spurt of hot come; each tense of his balls.
“Yeah, I’m not surprised. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it sooner to be honest.” Cas sighs. “They’re probably gonna give me the whole 411 tomorrow.”
Jody pokes her head around the door to see what’s going on and sees the three of us all breathing heavily after that panic show. “You boys need any more help?”
Jody smiles again at the two of us while fluffing up a pillow in the arm chair by the double doors. “So, dinner is in about 45. I’ll leave you two to get settled.” She informs before leaving the room and closing the door behind her.
“I caught the plane with Michael and Bartholomew’s lot.” She huffs a breath. “I tell you what, those kids are
Dean had nearly forgotten Cas was still sick. He’d seemed so fine and happy when they were walking but he guessed that Cas had just felt better for a while during the middle of the day. Everyone knew illness always felt worse in the morning and at night.
I avoid eye contact and he grabs hold of my forearm. “You really don’t want to listen to this-“ I mumble, but he cuts my sentence short.
“I wonder how long I can do this for.” His boyfriend wondered, glancing back over his shoulder to see if anyone else was there.
Cas wonders whether he’s being harsh, but no. He has every right to say what he’s saying. It’s the truth, and sometimes the truth hurts. Especially to people like Naomi.
“Okay, I’ve already had all of my silver and holy water checks done, so don’t go calling security on my ass because I’m not in the mood and I really want some answers here.”
“Hi, I’m Paula and this is Steve. What’s happened? We were told about it briefly but if you could fill us in a little further, that would be a big help.” Paula says gently, kneeling down next to Cas.
“Ah, that one’s from a different litter. Little guy’s the last one left.” He explains. “Do you wanna hold him?”
because believe it or not, he’s still not gonna be able to go to the bathroom without you. So, I guess you better start thinking of some things to say to him if you want to try and make this right.”
Cas nods and takes a deep breath. “Hannah said that she’ll leave afterwards and that I don’t have to worry about it but…I don’t trust her.” He grimaces. “She’s always been really nice but in the back of my mind there’s this voice telling me she’s going to try and take Jimmy away from me. It sounds kind of ridiculous but…yeah.” He admits. Dean shifts a little closer to him so they are sitting as close as possible.
“It’s okay, it’s okay. We’re right here. Don’t worry.” Gabe watches his mom soothe Jimmy like a pro, until he manages to start getting a few words out.
He still wants to help, but he knows he can’t. I understand why he wants to come with us, but he’s vulnerable and we can’t risk his life.
He smiles and leans up to press a few short kisses to Cas’ mouth before sliding down, all the way underneath the blankets. It’s dark, but Dean doesn’t need to see what he’s doing. Not at all.
However, when I switch off the light and re-enter the bedroom, I am disappointed to see that Cas is under the blankets in his
If there’s one thing that this journey with Cas has taught me, it is that you should never feel like you’re on your own.
Dean tickles him relentlessly for a little while longer until he lets up, allowing Cas to get his breath back.
“Cas, you…you know this doesn’t make you any less of my brother, right? I’m not gonna think of you any different. No one else will either.” He puts gently but truthfully. He keeps his eyes fixed on Cas’.
Dean raises his hand to knock on Michael’s door. If Gabe told him the wrong house number, he’s in for a very awkward conversation.
“I decided to be clear with him like an adult and, well, it worked.” He admits. “He’ll probably come in here soon to see you. I think he wants to show you the stuff he got.”
Cas was frozen by then, constantly shivering. His skin was white and maybe Cas was getting sick from sitting there in the cold for so long.
Jimmy sniffles and his lip wobbles, but he steps forward with his arms open, so Cas holds him close and gives him a big hug.
Dean has his arm around Cas’ back and he holds him close, quite happily letting Cas get the rest he needs.
I reach forward and hug my mom tight. She gets taken by surprise from it, but soon wraps her arms around me too. “I really
“I checked and there are flights out early tomorrow. One at five am and one at six am.” Gabriel adds. “I’ll go with you and I’ll stay with you at your house until Dean gets home. Maybe a little longer just to help you guys out.”
“Oh, that. Oh yeah. Uhhhhm, well, I guess I could come in too. Although, Cas, mentally how are you doing?”
His lips slide against mine gently, and I wrap my arms around him to pull him closer. He tastes like cinnamon, and it’s awesome. I smile into the kiss and I feel Cas smile too, which makes me feel so happy because a minute ago I thought I screwed everything up between us.
It only takes him a few seconds to figure out my situation, “you’re sleeping in that gas-n-sip aren’t you.”
It takes him a while to figure out how he’s going to do this before he ends up just securing his arms under Cas and lifting him out of the car. He’s so light, Dean can carry him easily.
Cas watches him closely. “Jimmy, please close the door.” He asks in exasperation. He doesn’t understand why Jimmy is being like this.
“Cas, look at me.” He said, so Cas locked his blue on green. Dean placed his other hand on Cas’ cheek, seeming to search for something in Cas’ eyes. “You can’t stay there.”
By now, it’s been a couple of hours and Sam suggests everyone watches a movie. Obviously the immediate answer from everyone is yes, except for Cas, who is fast asleep in the chair, the bee documentary long finished.
Dean removes his hand from Cas’ hair and turns around, watching Blondie and Harien re-enter the room clad in battle gear, weapons in hand.
Cas nods. “People. I remember him coming home from college complaining about sitting in a lab all day. He’s an extroverted people person and he likes seeing his customers in the bake shop.”
Cas let Dean undo the button and pull the zip down then start to pull his jeans off. Deep down he was thankful Dean was being so helpful. He was so tired he wondered whether he would have ended up with his jeans in a knot at his feet if he did it himself. Childish but true.
"Hey," said Dean, his face turning into an expression Castiel didn't recognise, "you can go wherever you want, I don't want to stop you, just- I thought we said you'd try to stay human more often."
. But I have. Because it didn't sit well with me. It didn't. And to be honest, the absolute, delicious, chaos it's causing upstairs and downstairs in your world and mine is just..." she closed her eyes and smiled like she was savouring a bite of something
given them this time to talk some more. Not that Dean had anything left to say. It annoyed him that going home was reliant on telling Castiel something he wasn't sure he felt.
There was a long pregnant pause. Dean and Sam appeared to be having a silent, wordless argument. Eventually Dean turned to Castiel. "Cas," said Dean. His voice had changed completely. It seemed to be much quieter, holding emotions Castiel didn't understand.
"No he doesn't," said Kay. "Tell him the truth. And solve the case. By the way, here's a hint - adults like toys too."
"The hell if I know," said Dean. Castiel had transported them to a nearby park with a large open field. A guy walking a dog and a couple of kids were in the distance, kicking a ball.
. His skin was shiny where Castiel's lips and tongue had slid. Having known Castiel for so long, seeing him now, sucking
"Yeah," he heard Sam sigh. "It's difficult because he loves smells so much so it's hard to bring him out of his own head. Dean thinks when he was in his old pack, he might have been forced to stay as a wolf for long periods at a time."
It was the most Castiel had spoken in perhaps his whole life but he had felt it had been important to tell Dean this. Dean had to know what Castiel made him feel.
it was because if it didn't happen in the real world, any mistakes (if there were any) could be undone.
There was a pause and Castiel wondered if Dean was pulling a face. He dropped his hands and, yes, Dean was rolling his eyes. "Are you kidding me? I want it for him."
, 10 am came and went and Castiel hadn't seen Sam or Dean. 12 pm passed and neither of the brothers had made an appearance. It was getting close to 5 pm, he was
"I knew it!" The boy in the bed had woken up. He was a thin, short kid with scruffy, mousey brown hair and freckles across his cheeks.
The waitress placed the iced cake in front of him. Castiel stared at it and poked it with a spoon. "Why is this called angel cake? It looks nothing like angels."
"I've been thinking," said Sam. "For the wheel to turn back into a wheel the kid needs to stop wanting to play with it. What if, more than anything, Jimmy liked to play with his food."
of stars. Patches of pink and gold bled into adjacent colours like paint soaking into paper.  Spirals of distant galaxies could be seen beyond the broad curves of planets, sitting godlike in the inky depths of the sky. Comets fell, burning up in the atmosphere. The enormous spread of the heavens, deeper than any ocean, carried more in it that Dean was able to absorb. Every section of the sky held something different, something beautiful and celestial. It was intimidating, awe-inspiring. Dean couldn't think of words to describe it. He couldn't think of anything to say. He was mesmerised.
on the case. Castiel was becoming a huge distraction for him. Wherever he looked, whatever he did, Castiel was at the forefront of his mind. He started to notice things about the angel that he hadn't noticed before like his hands, his jaw, his lips, his hair. He started imaging Castiel in situations that grew
Once he'd finished eating he debated getting up and leaving but he decided not to. An awkward conversation was coming. Whether it was now or later it was going to happen. There was no sense putting off the inevitable. He peeked at Castiel who thankfully wasn't watching Dean. In all the years Dean had known Castiel, it had taken him this long to learn that Dean didn't like to be stared at. And yet as the thought crossed his mind, he realised how much he actually enjoyed Castiel's quirks. There was also something in the way that Castiel looked at Dean that he liked. It was as though Dean was very important or interesting and Dean had never felt that way about himself. Then again, maybe it was just Castiel's confusion that made him look like that. Castiel always seemed to walk around with a permanent look of bewilderment. It always made Dean smile.
Dean sat behind the wheel of the Impala feeling the smooth curve of the steering wheel. Heaven might have had an imitation of his car, but
"He was on a field trip. To the museum," said Mrs Green, holding her drink between her hands. Her thin shoulders were hunched with weariness and her eyes were puffy and red. "The museum. The one on the beach. They each had a buddy, you know, so they didn't get lost but-but..." the words caught in her throat.
Dean jerked backwards, his eyes wide in shock. "You're...?!" He yanked his hands out of Castiel's pants and looked at the clear fluid on his fingers. "You're an omega?!" exclaimed Dean. "How is that even possible? I can't smell your slick or anything. I can't smell your wolf. How?!"
Dean bit his lip. "Cas... I don't know about this. What if it messes everything up, you know? You couldn't look at me when we first got here and that was just because... because you said what you said."
Due to his tumultuous upbringing, Castiel behaved more wolf than human. As a result, he often found it difficult to understand social cues, slang terms and popular culture, choosing instead to use body language and instincts to communicate. Castiel understood that it was important to learn how to interact with his fellow humans. The pack had worked hard over the past year to encourage and educate Castiel on social interaction. Still, it was difficult for him.
He stared at the side of Dean's face wondering if he would be so lucky tonight. Dean caught him looking and smiled. He kissed Castiel again, who responded eagerly, slipping his tongue into his mouth, his hand sliding up Dean's chest. Dean pulled back chuckling, "I think I can guess what's on your mind, Cas."
Cas looked at it warily. "And I'm supposed to trust you?" Dean just laughed as Cas hesitantly lifted the flask to his lips. He took a careful sip and made a face. "It burns." He moaned, shoving the flash back at Dean. Dean chuckled.
That would mean packing up and leaving again. Cas was sick of that. And oh, the consequences from his father! He involuntarily shivered in fear and that caught Dean's attention.
Cas felt his heart leap at the possibility and unconsciously reached up to place a hand on Dean's cheek.
"Pretty, isn't it?" Dean asked. He got out of the car but left the music on loud enough for them to hear.
"Oh, just how depressed you were without me." Cas said playfully with a grin as Dean rolled his eyes.
"I don't care." Cas wheezed, because damn it, it hurt and it was taking all his composure to keep it together.
Dean pulled Cas close and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips. Cas grinned shyly as Dean grabbed his hand and led him out of the bedroom.
He did need some space, from everything. It was times like this he wished he couldn't feel a thing at all. He stood outside Cas's door but didn't look in, he couldn't. Instead, he leaned his forehead against the cool door and took a deep breath. He tried to hold onto the memories he had, because when it came right down to it, they might be all he had left.
"I'm sorry Cas." Dean murmured, placing a kiss on his shoulder. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's waist for a few precious seconds and Cas leaned into him.
The bell rang and Cas and Dean headed outside, skipping the locker detour this time. "I gotta stop by the shop for a minute if you don't mind." Dean said as he started the car.
Dean smiled as he followed Cas out of the car. "I love you too." He whispered, unlocking the door as his heart soared.
When Cas emerged Dean was waiting patiently, tapping his foot along to the cassette playing. "I haven't seen one of these in awhile." Cas admitted as he inspected the monster of a cassette player sitting on the coffee table.
Dean pulled up against the curb and shut off the engine, surveying the little house in front of him.
The worst thing was that when Dean finally broke down and mourned his loss, the one person who he wanted to comfort him wasn't there.
"Ugh, fine." Cas kissed him back and Dean opened his eyes to find Castiel's bright blue eyes searching his.
Cas went to open the door but Dean placed a hand on his elbow. "No offense, but your a mess. Do you really think you should go home like that if home is so bad?"
A muscle in Dean's jaw jumped and he reached down and pressed his lips to Cas's. His hands moved to tenderly cup Cas's face and Cas felt himself subtly move closer. Heat coursed through him and the strong reminiscent feeling of love came rushing back. Rushing back from his time with Meg.
Cas felt an immense happiness and smiled shyly as he pawned through the box of cassettes Dean had handed him. "Cassettes are so under appreciated these days." He said, sliding in an AC DC tape.
They walked down the hallway together, swinging their joined hands between them. Cas smiled down at the floor as they stopped outside his homeroom. Dean ran his hand across Cas's cheek before kissing him. Cas blushed and pulled Dean in for a hug, Dean's flannel shirt feeling soft beneath Cas's chest. "I love you." Cas whispered.
Cas swatted his hand away. "I'm sleeping." He mumbled. "Leave me alone." Dean laughed and turned up the volume knob on the stereo. Cas moaned and turned to face Dean. His eyes slowly opened and he glared at Dean before turning the volume back down below ear splitting. "I hate you." He mumble, rubbing his eyes groggily.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ellen leaned over and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry sweetie, none of this is fair. But you didn't cause any of this, if anything, you helped Cas more than you've hurt him."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean involuntarily cringed at the mental image and grabbed the flask out of his bag. "Why the hell did you come to school like this?"
"Honestly, a little. I keep thinking I'm going to have to go home and deal with his wrath...but then it kicks in that I won't have to deal with him again and...it's nice." Cas gave Dean a cute, lopsided grin.
Eventually Dean did open that door. He  even worked up the courage to step inside. He saw Cas lying there so still-so peaceful-. If you ignored the machines it was almost as if Cas were just sleeping.
"Cas," Dean pleaded, pulling into an empty convenience store parking lot. "Please, you can't go back there-"
"Because if it's the only way to get you out of here, you need to take it." Dean looked over at him. The intensity in Dean's eyes took Cas's breath away.
"Hey, it's alright." He led Cas through a small hallway that opened up into a small kitchen. "Bedroom is right there." Deans said, pointing to a slightly adjoined door to the left. "I'll take the couch."
This time it was Cas who shrugged his shoulders. "I don't care about school as much as you think." He took a seat at the table as Dean dug out the lone box of cereal.
"Oh yeah, your a total rebel alright. Underage drinking and skipping classes, they better watch out for you." Dean teased.
Dean was talking on the phone when Cas emerged and he remained quiet, not wanting to interrupt. "Hey." Dean said as he set the phone down.
Cas was about to turn away when something else caught his eye. There were several of the pop vinyls out of the packages and an employee was rearranging them. The employee stepped away with a satisfied smile and Cas cocked his head once again. There was a Dean and Cas doll and they were standing quite close. It looked like.....Cas looked at this scene with immense concentration, trying to figure out this puzzle. "Dean," He turned to his friend who hadn't noticed yet. "Why are they standing so close?" Cas reached out and touched the Dean doll lightly.
"I'm sorry." Cas said, wiping his eyes with the back of his sleeve before he realized his shirt was soaked.
"Maybe your not the I don't give a crap about anything jerk I thought you were." Cas whispered, too low for Dean to hear.
It was two pm by the time Cas got up again, this time for good. He trudged out to the kitchen in his t shirt and boxers and couldn't help but notice it was eerily quiet without Dean. He put in a Foreigner cassette and plopped down on the couch. He flicked on the TV and channel surfed with no luck before deciding to take a shower.
For some unknown reason this brought tears to Dean's eyes. He took a deep breath and looked at Cas through blurry eyes. "Your welcome." He leaned over and pressed his lips against Cas's, letting them linger there. He just wanted this moment to last forever, because then he wouldn't have to say goodbye. "Castiel my angel." He whispered, touching Cas's cheek tenderly.
Cas let out a long sigh as Dean finished and cut the floss. "Great, one down and only a million to go."
"How can you?" Cas let out a strangled laugh. "When you know how ugly I am? How can you possibly have any interest in being with me let alone...love?"
The cassette ended and Dean moved to change it before resuming his seat. This time he lay on his back. "You should see it at night, the stars, they look...." Dean trailed off in embarrassment. "I sound so cheesy...."
"So your not going to tell me what's really up, are you?" Dean asked, glancing over at Cas. Cas looked at the floor, because they both knew the answer to that question. Cas wasn't going to put his only friend in danger. Dean let out a small sigh. "Okay, I get it. You don't want to share. That's okay. Heck, I even understand. We all have our secrets, you more than others, but...if you ever do decide you need to talk, I'm all ears."
They became silent and Dean held Cas a little while longer, not wanting to let him go. "I love you." He finally whispered. "This wasn't exactly the way I wanted to tell you...but I thought you should know."
"Dean, I know you want to stay with him, but it won't help either of you. You need to get home, get some sleep."
They fell into another silence, but neither minded. It was a comfortable silence. It was nice to be around someone and not have to say anything, it was special.
Finally, much too later it seemed, the officers exited Cas's room and motioned for Dean to go inside. "Hey," Dean smiled compassionately and retook his seat. He tenderly reached up and brushed a stray strand of hair off Cas's forehead.
Cas looked up at the ceiling. "I really shouldn't tell you you know, all that anger....To be honest, I don't remember much. It all kind of blurred together,I was just sitting there watching some crap documentary on...I don't even remember actually." Cas and Dean both let out a little laugh. "Then dad, he was there and-"
"Sure hope you washed your hands." Cas teased. Dean grinned wickedly but didn't get a chance to respond. "Okay, hurry up and open them."
"Do you still have it?" Cas asked quietly, his eyes shining. Cas must have been thinking the same things Dean had been.
"I need you too." Cas proclaimed as he pressed his nose against Dean's cheek. Dean seemed to instantly relax against Cas once those words had been said. "I need you." Cas repeated softly. "And I know you need me too. We have a profound bond, we have something very special Dean. Maybe I'm not sure exactly what it is, but I won't let anyone ever take that away from us." Dean smiled against Cas's chest as he took the angels hand in his own and clasped their fingers together tightly. "I'll always be here for you." Cas promised as he placed a gentle kiss to Dean's cheek.
"Yeah right." Dean laughed. He lowered his voice and smirked. "That's what you get for fantasizing about me all night." Cas rolled his eyes and gave him the finger. "Aw, I'm so hurt babe." Dean laughed. "Such a rude gesture from such a nice boy." Cas glared at him, a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
Dean gave him a searching look and then a small smile. "Well you can spend the night at my place. And hey, if you ever need somewhere to crash, my place is always an open invitation."
Castiel panicked. Crap! "But...if I was made up, then I wouldn't be sitting here with you, would I?" He said smoothly.
"What?" Dean's head snapped up. That definitely wasn't the answer he'd been expecting. "What about the whole I can't I just can't thing?" Cas shrugged his shoulders. "It's home, isn't it? You just want to get out of there. Jesus, is it that bad?"
Dean tentatively went back to work, feeling his stomach turn. "That's sick." Dean said angrily. "That your dad would...."
"Yeah, thanks anyhow." Cas said softly, reaching over and touching Dean's arm. Dean smiled back at him softly and Cas smiled blissfully, because he'd finally found a home, Dean.
"Shh," Dean murmured, putting on a brave facade. He gently placed a hand on Cas's cheek. "It'll be alright."
"I missed her too." Cas smiled, wrapping his arms around Dean's waist. "But I missed you most of all. Your car is cool, but you are so much cooler."
"Yeah," Cas mumbled, his head clearing. "I'm good, sorry about that." Dean was still looking at him worriedly so Cas kissed the tip of his nose. "I'm fine, seriously."
"Cas, come on. It's Christmas Eve. Santa Claus is much too busy to stop to talk to me. It's not very realistic you know."
Cas couldn't hold in his laugh. When Mary  looked at him in shock he cringed. Oh shit. "Mary, it's fine, I promise." Cas sat down next to the child and realized how upset she looked. "Mary, what's wrong?"
"Cas, please. I can't stand to see you suffering like this." Dean's voice was choked with emotion. He stood up, it was all too much. He just couldn't.
Cas felt a small happiness burning in the center of his chest and for a few seconds was truly happy. He forgot all about everything at hearing Dean say those three little words. The way Dean was holding him so tenderly, it made Cas believe that maybe he could be loved. And as Dean kissed him gently Cas knew that in those few precious seconds everything in the world seemed perfect.
Sam moved and gave him another hug. "I know you do Dean and I'm sorry. It must be damn hard, but you just need to take it one day at a time. Cas knows you love him, he won't give up easily. Neither will you, I know you'll be there next to him until his last breath or the day he walks out of here."
"Glad you do." Cas blushed slightly and lay his head on Dean's chest. Dean ran his hand through Cas's hair lazily as the sun began to set. "Damn," Cas muttered. "I didn't want today to end."
"That day we were going to go swimming. We said we'd jump in together but we never did." Cas smiled as Dean rolled over to him and kissed him playfully. "Do you want to go swimming?"
"Sometimes I wish I could." Cas mumbled, staggering out to sit at the kitchen table. "Please tell me you have coffee."
Dean pulled up a chair by Cas's bedside and took Cas's limp hand in his own. Memories seemed to come out of nowhere, swamping him, no-bombarding him-. "I wish I couldn't feel a damn thing." He murmured, his eyes filling with tears.
"I never thought this day would come. God, am I ever glad that I'm leaving." Cas said, glaring around at the empty room before they walked out into the hallway.
Cas smiled gently as Dean spun him around in a circle. Cas smiled wildly as they came to a stop. Dean tenderly placed a hand on Cas's back. "How's it feel?"
"Cas," Dean placed his hand briefly on Cas's shoulder and tried to smile at his friend. "That doesn't matter. Your wings may be...weak and tattered, but your not. I believe in you man, your amazing and strong okay? None of that other stuff matters. Your wings, they don't define you Cas, don't ever put yourself down, okay? Your so much more than anyone will ever know."
"Your kidding me, right? I'm practically tone deaf. I'd make babies cry" Despite what he was saying, a blush was creeping over his face. Maybe he was okay, but that didn't mean he wanted to sing in front of people.
"He'll be fine." Dean said, his voice hard and pushed past the doctor to get to Cas's room. He stopped mid step when he saw Cas's blue eyes looking up at him with love.
"Damn it, I'm just so glad your okay." Dean softly traced circles on Cas's arm before awkwardly letting his hand drop. Cas smiled shyly and put Dean's hand back on his arm. "So....what happened?" Dean asked quietly. "Damn it Cas, I came in and you were just slouched there-" Dean took a deep breath. "Jesus Cas."
Cas blushed and grabbed one of the boxes from Dean and placed it under the tree. He then grabbed one of the cookies from the coffee table and began to chew.
When Dean called in the middle of the night in tears, Benny was there. Benny would tell him something along the lines of everybody died, but you gotta move on man. Then he would ask for a story, a story about them that was sure to put a sad smile on Dean's face.
"Nah, it's alright." Dean said, kicking a pine cone along with his foot. "Is it weird?" He asked finally. "Not being around your dad and stuff I mean."
"Wanna bet?" Dean asked, standing up and motioning for Cas to follow. "Come on." Cas stuffed the rest of his sandwich in his mouth. He then picked up his textbook and trotted to catch up to Dean. "Your problem is that you think schools boring. Well, it is boring, but you don't even try to make it fun-" The bell rang and Dean let out a long sigh as Cas looked back at the school worriedly. "Never mind." He muttered. "Mr. Goody Two shoes better get to class. See ya in history."
"Yeah, finally." Dean said, faking a smile. Cas could detect a hint of deject in his voice. The bell rang and Cas gathered up his things slowely. "Well, I'll see you around Cas." Dean gave him  a smile before heading out the door.
Cas sniffled, embarrassed. Dean handed him a box of Kleenex with a soft smile. "I'm sorry." Cas apologized. "I know they were assholes, but-"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas heard footfalls behind him and then Dean was leaning close to him. He rested his hands against the car to pin Cas there. "Damn you." Dean muttered in a low voice. Cas turned around and was shocked to be face to face with a pair of brilliant green eyes.
Dr. Wright gave Dean a sad look and nodded his head. "I known it must be difficult Dean and I'm sorry." He motioned and a nurse entered Cas's room. "It may take a little while for the medication to wear out of his system. He won't be awake for long Dean, a day at the most, most likely less. I've seen this kind of situation before. He's holding on, fighting desperately for you. Love does some pretty miraculous things, even postpone death. If he didn't love you he would have been gone by now. I just want you to be prepared Dean, he may be gone quickly...."
"Aww," Ellen cooed and Cas was glad they were the only ones in the diner. "High school sweethearts, that's cute. You have your song yet?" Cas blushed immediately and looked over at Dean. He remembered the feel of Dean's hands on him, the song playing softly in the background and knew his face was beet red.
"Actually, no. One of those lucky nights I guess." Cas saw concern flitter across Dean's face and tried to backtrack. "I mean, it's not that bad-"
Time went by, like it always does. The seasons changed and people moved on. Castiel and Dean were just a failed love story, they happen. Maybe people would speak of their story, but most likely they wouldn't. Dean knew in the great scheme of things, of all the amazing, beautiful and important people in the world, Castiel had been nothing. But to him, Castiel had been everything.
He knew it was happening the moment he started having chest pains, he had read the warning signs on the internet. He wasn't sure if he cared if he lived or died anymore. He had been rushed to the hospital by Benny, the co owner of his garage at the last minute.
"Shut up." Cas said, sliding his arms around Dean's waist for a split second before shoving him towards the kitchen.
Dean caught up to Cas easily. For a guy who ate a ton of junk food, he was in great shape. "Cas!" Dean reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder, turning Cas to face him. "Hey, it's alright. Cas, hey, your alright." Dean pulled him close, hugging him tightly. "Shh Cas." Cas felt a small happiness at this simple gesture. It had been so long since someone had hugged him. It had been so long since someone had showed an ounce of concern for him. "Come on." Dean said, steering Cas back towards the car. Cas slid into the passenger seat and stared down at the floor. Dean got in but didn't start the car. Although he did turn the music on low. Dean watched Cas carefully but didn't say anything, not yet.
"Thanks Cas." Claire smiled and put the chain around her neck. "I love it." Claire hugged Cas before lying back down.
Cas surveyed Dean carefully. "Nothing," He said finally. "Dean, your dead tired. You don't have to do stuff just for me. I think you need some rest."
"Hey." Cas gave Dean a slight nod. "So you wanna head to the library or my place?" Dean specifically left out Cas's house as an option after his reaction yesterday.
"You know...I've been meaning to ask. I'd say that I keep forgetting but really I'm just afraid of the answer." Cas murmured as they drove him after getting some supper. "What's going to happen when I go to college?"
Dean turned away and walked out the door, knowing that if he stayed any longer he would loose his composure. That wall keeping back his emotions was getting fragile and weak.
Dean flicked the back of Cas's ear and tried to contain his grin as Cas turned around, pretending to be furious. "Jerk." Cas muttered, flipping open his book to the correct page. Dean threw a piece of eraser at him and couldn't help but laugh as it his Cas in the back of his head. "Stupid jerk." Cas muttered, giving him a glare.
"Does that mean Dean doesn't love you anymore?" She asked quietly as a single tear rolled down her cheek.
Dean grinned and ushered him out the front doors. "You rebel you." He teased as Cas looked around frantically, paranoid of being caught.
"Really? No campfires? I feel bad for you and your childhood." Dean said, blowing on a hot dog before taking a huge bite. "Better late than never, huh?" Dean grinned at him and laughed as Cas's hot dogs caught on fire. "Here." Dean offered him his extra hot dog.
"Dean, please." Cas pleaded and Dean sighed internally. Cas had two sides, the terrifying angel of the lord side and the puppy dog, I will sook the whole drive back side. "Come on." Cas grasped onto Dean's arm and dragged him inside.
The rest of the day went by too fast and before he knew it Cas was walking home. He dejectedly kicked a pebble along the sidewalk. It seemed ages ago since the last time he'd gone straight home. He missed the way it used to be with Dean already.
Cas must have fallen asleep, because the next time he opened his eyes it was dark out. "Hey, your awake." Dean said.
Dean pulled Cas up with him as he stood up. He wrapped his arms around Cas's waist, resting his nose against Cas's. "None of this changes anything Cas. Your still  damn beautiful to me." Then they were dancing around. Twirling and twirling to Zeppelin drifting out of the car and Cas couldn't help but let out a carefree laugh as the tears dried on his face.
"Just don't cut a finger off or anything. I really don't want to have to drive you to the emergency room."
"Dean, don't! Just forget about it, please!" Cas shouted pleadingly. "Please Dean, just don't do anything-"
"It doesn't matter. Besides, this is better than sitting at home." Dean got back to work, humming softly under his breath.
"Mary," Cas sighed, knowing what he should tell her and hating it. "Listen, I'm going to tell you something really important, okay?"
Dean held Cas tightly, searching his eyes for some sense to what Cas was saying. "I can't," He whispered. "I can't stay quiet knowing your being hurt!"
So he took another deep breath and rebuilt his emotional wall, higher and thicker this time. "It's alright Cas." Dean breathed when he saw the pain flash across the younger's face. "It's alright Castiel. Go ahead, leave this place. I'll still love you." He leaned down and kissed him gently, trying to hide how his voice had cracked.
"Not bad," Dean said with a laugh. "Just 10 years of scraping gum off desks." Cas looked horrified and Dean chuckled. "I was joking Cas, they didn't care."
"But it is. They say he won't get any better, he's pretty banged up Ellen. So they put him in this induced coma or whatever to see if it would help him heal but....it didn't. There's nothing they can do....it's all over." Dean's shoulders sagged dejectedly and he let out a strangled sob.
Cas's sobs and sniffles slowly lessened until Dean was sure he'd finally fallen asleep. He gave Cas a gentle kiss on the forehead and stared up at the ceiling silently. The Zeppelin cassette was still playing softly in the background and Dean felt tears prick his eyes, but he closed them, letting Cas's rhythmic breathing lull him to sleep.
When he emerged he noticed the cassette had ended and replaced it. He turned on Dean's laptop and surfed the web aimlessly until he heard a key turn in the lock.
"Yup, I'm a well known serial killer." Dean said with a straight face. "In fact, you don't want to know what is in my trunk." Cas's face turned white and Dean laughed. "Actually, there is this spot I like to hang out at. It has like waterfalls and crap...I know it's probably weird."
"Don't tell me it's going to be alright Sammy. Don't tell me he'll get better, I don't want to hear it...I don't want some false happiness. I don't want to be lied to."
"Still so shy and embarrassed, damn is it ever cute." Dean murmured. Cas blushed and Dean couldn't help but laugh. "God, I love you."
"But..." Dean's eyes were filling with tears. "It's not fair! It's not fair damn it! He was so young. He had his whole god damn life ahead of him! He was so happy and full of life and he....I love him, this isn't fair!" Dean tried to cover up his sob with a cough. His voice turned eerily quiet. "If we leave him like this, there's a chance he'll get better, right?"
Dean spotted his chance. He shook himself from his daze and grabbed Cas by the shoulder, pulling the angel after him as he got the hell away from there.
"Ah!" A pair of hands covered Cas's eyes and he dropped his books. The hands were removed and he heard Dean's laugh. "Your a dick." Cas muttered as Dean slipped his hands around his waist and rested his chin on Cas's shoulder.
Dean glanced over at him and then back at the road. "You didn't actually think I'd tell her, or anyone,the truth,did you? Hell, the first thing I did when I got home from the hospital was make up a plausible story."
They pulled into Dean's driveway and he shut off the engine, plunging them into silence. "Damn it Cas, I don't want to be without you either." Dean whispered. "I've never been this....needy-dependent- for someone...."
The older shoved Cas, causing him to fall back and smash his head against the wall. He slumped over, unconscious. "Shut up you worthless piece of crap."
Dean snorted and placed the t shirt back on the rack. "Come on Cas, I want to find something and get the hell out of this place." But Cas had taken off again and all Dean could do was shake his head. He was worse than a damn child. "Cas?" Dean called quietly, glaring at any punk kid who dared to venture near him. "Cas where the hell are you? Come on."
Cas's mouth opened and closed stupidly before he found his voice. "Well, I'll keep your secret safe."
Dean grinned and offered it to Cas, who shook his head no. "Come on," Dean encouraged with a nudge. "You'll like it."
"You still hiding from the world?" Cas looked up from behind his textbook and saw that Dean stood over him. He took a seat next to Cas at the base of the tree and looked around. "This is really how you spend your lunch?"
"I was going to say wimp." Cas said with a wry smile. "But I'm not sure if that's any better." He looked outside and took a deep breath. "I..I thought I saw my ex girlfriend but...shes dead."
"Exactly why I'm not going in there." Dean could hear the crappy music drifting out into the mall and wanted to cringe. It was really crappy music.
Dean pulled Cas back to him with a smile. "You should get some rest." Dean said, looking into Cas's eyes with concern.
They pulled into the parking lot, which was empty of cars. "Shop is closed today." Dean explained as he unlocked the door and motioned for Cas to dump his stuff on the counter. "Will you drive the mustang into the empty bay for me?" Dean tossed Cas a set of car keys and Cas seemed stricken. "Um, Cas?"
Dean pulled Cas to him and ran his hand along the edge of Cas's t shirt. "I thought you were tired." He teased.
"Seriously? You just skipped pretty much a whole day of classes and your going to go home and do your homework?"
"It's alright." Cas said with a small laugh. "Now we are even for embarrassing ourselves in front of each other."
The words were like a stab in the heart for both of them. Dean immediately wanted to take it back. He knew what it sounded like and it wasn't like that at all.
"I'll walk." Cas bolted out the door and down the sidewalk. The place he wanted least to be was home, but staying away would make it far worse. Because he would find him, he always did.
"But I forgot about it. We stopped coming out here. I think that day really freaked Dad out. See," Dean paused to take another drink. "It started out as a good day. We'd gotten down here real early and it was sunny and warm. God, there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Sammy wanted to go swimming. That was fine, we'd gone swimming here before, but...this time something was wrong. I could just sense it. Instead of telling Dad and getting Sam in trouble, I went out after him." Dean let out a wry laugh. "Turned out that wasn't such a good idea. I got Sammy free, he'd caught his foot between two rocks, but I stupidly forgot to hold me breath when I went under and swallowed a bunch of water. Dad was pissed. He got me out safe and sound, but he was pissed....We never went back after that day and I guess over the years I forgot about it. Until recently I was driving around the back roads one day and I stumbled upon it. I have to admit, I still like the place."
"It's friday." Cas said as if that explained everything. It didn't. Dean gave him a blank look. "Don't you have a party or something to be at?"
"I thought she was right." Cas whispered almost inaudibly. "I thought she was right and that is why it hurts."
Followed by a kick to the head, which had caused Cas to come to his senses and stumble towards the door.
"No Dean! Don't you dare!" Cas shouted, flailing his arms and legs wildly. "Dean!" He squealed as he fell into the water with a splash.
"This is a God damn tease of what's to come." Dean muttered as he left his leather jacket in the car.
There was an uncomfortable silence for a few seconds while Dean recovered. "That's the old girlfriend you were talking about that day, isn't it? That day in the rain on the sidewalk.?"
"Guess that's our sign, huh?" Cas asked with a hint of sadness. He got up to stow the campfire stick back in Dean's car.
Cas couldn't help but laugh at the expression on Dean's face. "I didn't get much, but I was pretty good at saving it."
Cas had been right, Dean Winchester didn't cry, but this. Well it seemed to be breaking all the rules.
"No problem kid. See ya around and hey, try not to be a bad influence on Cas, okay?" He winked with a small smile and Cas felt welcome. This was how a family acted. Boy, was he jealous.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas clenched his jaw and gripped the edge of the counter, closing his eyes and trying to forget the pain. He felt a burning as Dean poured alcohol over the cut to prevent infection.  "Son of a bitch." Cas muttered through gritted teeth.
There was an awkward silence, only broken from the guitar riff coming from the speakers. "Oh Cas..." Dean felt his heart drop and looked at him sadly. "I'm sorry man....Jesus...."
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and held him tightly. "Dean...please don't feel sad." Cas slowly rubbed his thumb along Dean's spine. "Please Dean...I don't want to make you sad."
"Wake him up." Dean's voice quavered and he hated how weak and afraid he sounded. "Wake him up damn it."
Dean smiled back and helped Cas into the empty elevator. Dean slung Cas's bag over his shoulder and hit the ground floor button. "Baby missed you."
Cas smiled shyly and reached up to touch Dean's cheek. "You're always worrying about me, it's sweet."
Cas smiled at him and let out a tiny laugh. "I guess I forgot what it was like to love somebody....ever since.....Well, I never thought I'd find somebody again....." He trailed off and saw the burning question in Dean's eyes. "Meg." He whispered, smiling softly into the distance. "God, sometimes it seems a lifetime ago and other times it seems only yesterday...." Cas shifted and rested his head back on Dean's chest as he lay back down. "I thought I loved her, but now...I'm not so sure. You view love a little differently in the 9th grade. I cared about her, I know that much and maybe I did love her....but....not like this. I wasn't willing to put her in danger...maybe I've just become more selfish....." Dean smiled and ran his hand through Cas's hair, comforting him. "Although...sometimes I wonder if it would have developed into more....if only we had more time. But...I don't think it would have compared to this. This, us, seems special."
"Yeah, I guess we did." Cas agreed, getting their paper from the printer. He dropped it on the teachers desk and went back to his seat. "Well....finally done." Cas said with a small smile.
Cas looked up at Dean tenderly. "Yes you will Dean. I know your not a bad person, even if you think you are. Dean, your....your amazing and I want you to believe that. Please, if anything, believe that." Dean's eyes misted over and his heart clenched.
Dean wordlessly wrapped his arms around Cas in a hug. "I'll miss you too Cas. Damn it,I'll be worrying about you every second."
Dean leaned over and placed a delicate kiss on Cas's temple. "Shh." He whispered. "It's alright Cas, go to sleep."
"Yeah," Cas said in a low voice. "I thought she was sleeping at first." Dean wrapped his arms around Cas tenderly, being careful to avoid any wounds. "It was when she didn't wake up when I realized....that she....she was dead...."
They bumped their way down the road which had basically become a path and rolled to a stop. ".....wow...." Cas said in astonishment.
"Thanks." Dean replied graciously, taking a bow. He straightened up and grabbed his car keys and jacket. "You want a jacket?"
"Didn't think so." Dean let out a small chuckle and pulled out his binder. "Here," He said, slipping Cas a peice of paper with his cell number on it. "Seriously, if you ever need anything or just want to talk." Cas was slightly stunned but gave Dean his cell number also. "So, when are we going to work on this stupid project? After school?"
"It's just...they had to put him in another induced coma or whatever. I'm not a doctor, so I'm not sure what it's called. He said something about Cas being alert and awake causing problems with the healing process. They said it got bad after you left the hospital last night-Dean, you listening?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The bell rang and this time it was Dean who left quickly, giving Cas a small sad smile before turning away.
Dean smiled at him, his hands lingering on Cas's elbow. "You looked pretty scared." He tried not to laugh as Cas swatted him.
Cas spread their books over the table and resumed his notes. "So," Dean started, propping his feel up on the table. "Whats with the whole loner, no talking thing at school?"
"Are you alright? Where's Cas?" Dean just shook his head silently and Ellen immediately hurried over. "Oh sweetie." She cooed. She ushered him into the privacy of the kitchen and hugged him tightly. "It's alright sweetie."
Cas placed one hand atop Dean's and squeezed it. "I love you." Cas said through gritted teeth. "I wouldn't let anybody else get this close to me with a needle." Dean let out a soft laugh as he stitched up the second wound. "You know....I had to do this to my mom once." Cas said quietly. "Dad beat her up pretty bad, she couldn't drive herself to the hospital and I sure wasn't going to try."
Dean emerged later and pushed Cas towards the bathroom. "Hurry up, don't want Mr. College Bound to be late." Cas rolled his eyes but gave Dean a quick kiss before closing the door. "Well that's better." Dean murmured and from the other side of the door Cas heard him and smiled.
"I thought you were going to have a heart attack when she said that." Dean laughed as he sat down by the tree.
"Ah," Mary leaped down from Dean's arms and wrapped her arms around Cas's legs. "Okay, I'm going to bed now." She promised as she ran up the stairs.
Dean shrugged his shoulders. "Don't answer the door. I'll lock it and have my key. Don't answer the phone either. If someone wants to get a hold of me bad enough they can leave a message or call my cell."
The implication of gay sex had Dean peeking at Castiel, who was examining the sharpener with an inquisitive expression on his face. Oblivious as always.
With care, Daniel placed the Castiel figurine back on his bedside table. He threw his duvet back, which of course featured the Supernatural trio, and climbed out of bed.
Dean's lips parted and he clamped down onto the curve between Castiel's neck and shoulder and sank his teeth in.
He hesitated, almost deciding to give in to the urge and jerk himself off, but he knew that the alpha would know. Everyone would know what he had done.
. "Oh, hello, Dean." He cleared his throat. "What can I do for you?" At Dean's answering smirk, Castiel amended, "Do you need any books today?"
"Sure," said Daniel. "Well, my mum had to speak to the headmaster because Mr White found out I'd been following him home."
"Because some might say that's true," said Castiel and his lips twitched. He was clearly proud of his joke.
"Jim's buddy was Mathew Finley," said Mr Green, holding his wife's hand. "He said he was buying a toy in the gift shop when Jimmy disappeared. The police said Mathew saw him outside the window, on the beach, but when he went out to get him, he'd gone."
Castiel stood beside her, looking down at her. Her eyes panned from his navel, up his chest, his nipples, then his face. "Well, hello, gorgeous," she said. Even to Castiel's ears, it sounded false.
Dean pulled out of the street with difficulty. He swung the Impala round once he was free of the tight street and breathed a sigh of relief.
Dean started climbing some of the tall, jagged rocks. He hopped from one to the other like a frog jumping onto lilypads. On a rock closest to the sea Dean struck a superhero pose, with his hands on his hips. "I just need a cape and a well-timed gust of wind now," he said to Castiel who was standing below, looking up at him.
dipped his head and Dean's hand shot to Castiel's bare shoulder. It felt incredible to be able to touch him, feel his skin.
"I  told my uncle Robbie there was a monster here and he didn't believe me and now I know there has to be one if you're here! I was right." He had a British accent, but it sounded different. It was northern. Dean was having a hard time understanding what he was saying. The kid pronounced “you” like “yer” and said “me” instead of “my”.
, Dean stroked his fingertip over the back of Castiel's hand where it rested on the bed. Castiel made a small, quiet noise halfway between a sigh and moan. It was the only
Castiel sighed, wondering when he would be able to return to his wolf form. He sipped his beer. The soft sweatpants he was wearing actually felt quite nice on his skin. He stroked a hand down the smooth fabric, getting lost in the sensation. He paused, however, when he caught the scent of something very familiar. Slowly, he lifted his eyes, searching in the direction the smell was emanating from. Across the room, a pair of dark eyes were surveying him over the rim of a glass. They were set in a pale face framed with dark hair.
The kid ran over to him and hugged him around the waist. He was bouncing off the walls with enthusiasm.
"Dean. . . what the hell," whispered a voice to his left. It was Sam. His wide eyes stared at the boy on the bed then at Dean.
"So, do you want to hear about the case?" said the kid. He picked up a battered old ring binder. On the cover was a wonky anti possession symbol drawn in biro. "I've been taking notes and everything."
Dean rubbed his palm up and down Castiel's spine. He yanked Castiel's sweatpants down and dipped his fingers into Castiel's sopping ass. Castiel could feel it leaking down his leg.
Dean pulled out again and then slid back in just as excruciatingly slowly as he had before, as though he was savouring it, and Castiel whined and whimpered with each languid thrust of his hips. Dean's hand released from the back of Castiel's neck. Both of his hands slid down Castiel's back softly to sit directly on Castiel's hips. He began to pick up pace, the soft moans he was exuding becoming louder and louder until he was fucking him hard enough that Castiel had to brace himself against the table. Each thrust of Dean's hips sent a jolt of pure pleasure through him. Castiel desperately wanted to stroke his own dick which was so hard it was throbbing but didn't dare touch it.
sniffed the air, watching them from afar. The taller alpha was handsome, muscular, with dark brown hair that fell past his ears. His eyes were fox-like and an indeterminate colour. The alpha sitting across from him, the man that had
. He had been right. Pulse was a success. It was full most nights with the kinds of people that Castiel detested.
"Of course I do," replied Sam. He looked up to meet Dean's eye. "I mean, I don't miss hunting exactly, but there are things I miss about it. I miss spending time with you."
Dean didn't say anything. He didn't want to deny it in case Sam said Cas should go with him to the museum instead.
Castiel's eyes slowly lifted from his navel to his chest, up his neck, his lips then, finally, his eyes. "I...what?" said Castiel vaguely.
Once upon a time, not so long ago, a monster came to the small town of Whittington Court, Hillchester. He killed a kid called Jimmy Green; cast hexes on high schoolers; stole money so he could drive a flashy car, and ate the last Strawb from Timothy Arkwright's pick'n'mix.
Sam, oblivious to the exchange, turned in his seat. "There must be. We should probably look into the missing kid. . ." He trailed off, looking between Dean and Castiel. "So?"
"Even so, I think its best if you leave your teacher alone," said Sam, smiling. "We'll take it from here."
disappeared and you didn't see anything? And he had nothing in his hands? Nothing? No toy at all? Are you freaking kidding me?"
"I hope I didn't cockblock you back there?" Dean said indicating over his shoulder. "You know, 'cause you’re. . ."
"Yeah," agreed Dean. "I've had better. I didn't expect to get dragged from the grave to find out whether or not I batted for the other team."
Castiel's thumb rubbed gentle circles over Dean's palm in the same motion Dean had used on Castiel. They stared at each other. Castiel's eyes were much softer than he had seen before.
"Cas," Dean grabbed Castiel's hands and held them tight, staring at Castiel intently like it was something incredibly important that he was trying to explain and Castiel was missing it. "Cas, look at me, I love you, but I can't bite you until I know for sure you want to be with me."
"He has to when Cas's in heat or Cas would go crazy with it. It's usually in their wolf forms 'cause Cas won't stay human. They've had sex together a few times outside of heat but Cas keeps wanting Dean to bite him to make a claim so Dean's been finding it hard to keep doing it."
an omega. It was another reason why Pulse was so popular: omegas serving alphas. Castiel was glad they had chosen to sit; it gave him time to collect himself.
pulled the zipper up and buttoned them while meeting Castiel's gaze. He walked past Castiel and leaned
Castiel nodded he lifted his hand to touch Dean's forehead. Before he reached him though, Daniel was tugging at Dean's sleeve.
"I'm soaked," said Dean and he whipped his t-shirt off over his head. He stepped carefully over the rocks and jumped down in front of Castiel, grinning. "I'm going to get you back for that," he said but Castiel didn't answer. He was standing very still, his eyes fixed on Dean's stomach.
"I'm not sure," said Castiel. "Gods and goddesses usually have an obsession of some kind. We should consider what she wants in order to work out what she is."
He was busying himself behind the bar, wiping glasses, when two people walked in. Castiel knew, without looking up, that they were male and -
For the first time in a long time, Dean was starving. They managed to find a small cafe on a street corner that sold sandwiches and snacks. The food didn't look great; there were some badly photoshopped sandwiches over garish backgrounds. The menu itself was like a foreign language. He settled for bacon on something called a "barmcake". Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
took Sam's sweater and tied it around his waist. The sweater would help with Castiel's scent too as well as hiding wet patches. "Thank you," he said to Dean and Sam.
He didn't have to explain himself. He didn't have to answer any questions. He didn't have to label it.
Castiel nodded. "Yes." He agreed and when he looked back at Dean, his expression morphed to concern. "What's wrong?"
Castiel hesitated, he curled his toes on the wooden floor, feeling the grain beneath his feet. He could smell the smorgasbord of liquids soaked into the wood over the years: beer, blood, sweat. It was difficult not to get caught up in all of the different smells around him. Dean had taught him to stay in the moment and try to be more aware of what was happening around him, rather than getting drawn in by his nose. But Castiel loved scents. His favourite scent of all was Dean's. Dean was his alpha and he was perfect in every way.
Dean pushed down his pants and Castiel felt the unmistakable press of the head of Dean's dick against his asshole. Castiel inhaled sharply. Dean's scent was all around him. He could taste him on his tongue. He felt dizzy with it.
"I've tested it," interrupted Daniel. "I dropped a cup of holy water in his lap but nothing happened." He looked pleased with himself. "Mr White's not a werewolf either, or a vampire or a ghost."
Dean grabbed Castiel with one arm around his waist and pulled him in. He kissed him swiftly on the lips. "No shirt? You'd be naked if you could wouldn't you, hm?"
a fraction. He was glad Castiel didn't close the gap between them and rush him into it. It gave him chance to do it in his own time. He licked his lips, unsure what he would feel when their mouths touched. Castiel still didn't move.
Castiel kept his eyes down as he worked Dean undone. Dean touched his hair and stroked along his jaw. "Cas, look at me."
for a while, having Cas back, money, time to spare. . .It was tempting. He knew things were never that simple though. "We're not
"I don't know, but it has to be it, Dean. The wheel went missing on the same day Jimmy went missing. It has to
"No," said Kay. "You're doing it." Her tone was light and she was smiling but the threat was obvious.
love with him. What did Kay want from Dean? Was he supposed to fake it? Was he supposed to lie to Castiel so Kay could have the sequel she wanted? Even if Dean was ok with lying to Castiel and telling him he loved him when he didn't, he's not sure it was something he could say. Dean didn't tell people that he loved them. It was difficult for him to say it. He had always found it hard. He didn't particularly know why that was, only that his throat seemed to clench up when he even thought of the words.
"Hey," he whispered. "I know you're all sleeping. . . but you need to wake up. You see, there's a monster here and there's only me and I can't fight monsters 'cause I'm not strong enough. My uncle said that there isn't a monster, but I know there is, and I know you'll know too 'cause it's your job." He paused. "So, you need to come here and get him." Daniel's brows scrunched up. Speeches weren't something he often had to do. He considered what he had said and then added, "please," because his mum had brought him up right.
"I haven't done anything, Dean," said Kay. "I've picked you up and dropped you here. Whatever you're feeling is all you. It's an interesting social experiment, really. I took one sexually and emotionally repressed man -"
"I'm sorry," said Castiel, trying to pull his hand away but she held it tight. Generally, alphas were
missing the point. I'm not gay. There is no gay or straight in heaven. There are only souls. They are beyond physical form. It is irrelevant what your body looks like, what genitals you possess," - Dean winced because a waitress had just passed by the table - "I love you. Besides, I don't choose to look at your physical appearance when I see you."
Dean's heart was beating so loud he could hear it pounding in his ears. He drew Castiel down on top of him. He could feel Castiel's hot, hard cock pressed against his own which was straining in his pants.
"You do though don't you?" Dean shifted uncomfortably. "I'm not gay, Cas," he said. He didn't know why it sounded so whiny, so pleading. Why did it sound pathetic to Dean's ears?
"I could tell he got your rocks off when he said that," she said, gazing out of the window at the passersby who, Dean suddenly noticed, had frozen in time.
The effect was immediate. Castiel choked back a sob as he came so hard he was shaking. The mixture of pain and pleasure exploded within him, tensing his entire body, tightening his muscles, curling his toes.
"Like I said, he's got a car that would look impressive to a kid but there's nothing weird about the guy. He's pretty clean."
"Ok, the wheel is missing and so is the kid... any security footage tying the two of them together?" asked Dean.
It didn't help that they were all crowded around a tiny table with tiny chairs and Dean could feel Castiel's knees against his.
Feeling brave, Dean dared to slip a hand between their bodies and stroke Castiel through the material of his pants. Castiel dipped his head to watch Dean stroke him, then looked back into Dean's gaze. Castiel's eyes were dark, half-lidded and filled with need. Dean didn't doubt that his own face looked similar.
"I love you, Dean," repeated Castiel. He had just enough time to register how Dean's pupils dilated and his nostrils flared before Dean's whole body slammed into Castiel as he kissed him, walking him backwards until they hit something solid. Castiel's stomach leapt with excitement. The kiss was more teeth than lips and there was a low, growling noise building in the back of Dean's throat.
She nodded, clicking her tongue. "You know Dean Winchester, for 15 seasons you've been a pain in my ass. Blind to everything that's right in front of you."
"Uhh," came a voice above them. It was Sam. Bobby and Ellen were peeking out from behind the bar like two soldiers taking cover in a trench. "So I guess we're not playing pool tonight?"
He waited a spell for a response. Three plastic faces stared back at Daniel. The moonlight behind the miniature Supernatural characters cast silhouettes onto his bed.
"Well, I don't know what she's expecting. It's not some epic romance. We're not going to ride off into the sunset together. I'm straight," said Dean and even as he said it, the words didn't sound right in his mouth. It felt awkward like trying to walk with his shoelaces tied together.
Castiel blinked, unsure what to say. He knew what he wanted to do but he was almost certain it wouldn't be a good idea to smell her neck without permission.
more aggressive, lips more open, teeth grazing skin. Castiel had a distinct impression that Dean wanted to bite him. Biting Castiel would mean that he would hold Dean's mark.
- he was- the darkness swallowed him up," he waved a hand, "I didn't have a chance to say anything." Dean's face was growing hot. He had never felt this awkward before or this embarrassed in front of his brother.
Castiel's heart stopped. He didn't dare breathe. He could feel the alpha behind him, close behind him. He could feel the heat from his body. Castiel’s heart kicked into overdrive. It was pounding so hard Castiel thought his chest might burst.
They took a moment in silence together while Castiel's breathing eased. Then Dean made a disapproving sound in the back of his throat.
Dean felt safe that he was able to explore touching Castiel this way without the worry of things moving too quickly or having to answer questions.
. He imagined it all and yet... the reality of it was quite different. He couldn't imagine doing it for real. As a result, he and Castiel were at an impasse.
Castiel's head tilted, Dean wondered if he was finally getting through to Castiel when he leaned forward and said to Dean "Are you trying to tell me you're a dick?"
in jeans and a t-shirt. Her hair was thick, curly and tousled. Her light blue eyes were offset by the darkness of her skin.
"It's rare. Some werewolves are unable to change form. I have a wolf but I'm unable to change shape. I've tried thousands of times. I can't do it. I have some wolf attributes like a heightened sense of smell and hearing, rapid healing and. . . I'm an omega," said Castiel. "But my wolf smell isn't there."
The woman laughed. "Sure. Go ahead." she said confidently. "Something tells me that if he hasn't done it yet, he's not going to now."
. It might have had something to do with the fact that Castiel was an omega. There wasn't a lot of respect granted to omegas.
A breeze fluttered by. Dean could smell the sweet scent of grass on the warm air and hear the distant sound of tree branches moving in the wind. Leaves flew around their feet dancing past Dean's ankles over to Castiel who was stood next to him, looking up.
Sam chuckled. He was going through a box of fake IDs. "I haven't seen these in forever," said Sam, a wistful tone to his voice.
"I swear, England is freaking crazy." Dean's eyes caught on movement heading his way and he felt a sudden surge of excitement.
he had stared. It was impossible not to. Dean had given him an answering lascivious smirk that was hard not to smile at.
a missing kid called James Green but no leads on what happened to him. Sean White is a teacher and he's got a flashy car - "
in the corners. Castiel felt himself smiling in return. Dean's laugh was addictive but then, everything about Dean Winchester was addictive.
They were stood beneath a night sky but it wasn't one Dean had ever seen before. It stretched above them, enormous and magnificent; a melody of colours from blue to purple to black; a backdrop for planets and stars,
Dean sighed and kissed him on the forehead. Hesitating, he stood up, glancing at Dean but this time Dean didn't stop him. He wondered in the back of his mind if what he was doing wasn't socially acceptable. He chose to risk it out of curiosity.
the position and pulled Castiel in close, his hands on Castiels waist. "Hmm, you look good at little roughed up," murmured Dean.
, against a wall on a table on the floor, right here and now. It was so visceral. His heart was pounding, and his skin was damp with sweat.
"Nearly old enough to drink," she said and slid him a beer too with a wink. Castiel caught it between his hands. He sniffed the rim. Not because he had never had a beer before but out of habit.
Castiel didn't move. He didn't appear to be breathing either. Dean wondered if he had forgotten as Dean had. His soft blue eyes were studying Dean's face. Dean let him look.
"So it would seem," said Castiel. He continued to stare at Dean. Although this was something Dean had come to expect, it made him fidget. Castiel seemed to sense this and dropped his gaze. "We're in England," he said to the floor.
Even from where Castiel was standing he was able to feel Dean's anger pouring off him in waves. The Roadhouse had fallen completely silent. Dean stepped in close, glaring down at her with carefully controlled rage. "You need to back off bitch before I rip your spine out."
The scent that hit Castiel was incredible. His hand dropped to the counter for support. His breath caught. He had never smelled anything so perfect in his life. He wished he could fill his lungs with it. Drown in it. It
Castiel heartbeat sped up but this time it wasn't due to arousal. "You mean. . . you think I'm your mate," said Castiel, his head spinning.
. He showed them a picture of what looked like a wide copper hoop. "It's Yatiku's wheel. Yatiku is a Celtic god who liked to play with children."
The kid had introduced himself as Daniel Wilson. He lived with his mom, Sarah Wilson, and his pet budgie, Marty McFly. He had shown Dean a picture of a man named Sean White, Daniel's teacher, who just so happened to be a monster. His reason for thinking it? Taking candy when he was offered it.
On the pretence of needing the toilet, Dean did a perfunctory sweep of the house but there was nothing suspicious to be found.
The strong smell of whiskey and smoke met Castiel's nose as he walked through the door to the Roadhouse flanked by Sam and Bobby. He shifted smoothly from a charcoal black wolf to his 5'9" human form in seconds and slid on a pair of sweatpants that were thrown to him by Ellen Harvelle from behind the bar. As always, Castiel forgoed the shirt.
Dean shot up, heat flaming his cheeks. To his mortification, his brother, Sam, was staring at Castiel wide-eyed. His gaze flicked between Dean and Castiel and back again.
Dean's hips stuttered and he shouted out as he came. He grabbed Castiel around the waist and backed up, pulling Castiel to the floor with him. Sitting in Dean's lap, his dick softening but still in his ass, Dean pulled him tight against his chest. Castiel's dick was still painfully hard. Dean licked Castiel's neck and murmured, "make yourself come." He guided Castiel's hand to dick and Castiel wrapped his fist around it stroking immediately, desperate to come.
here. It's like being out of the Matrix, you know?" He swallowed. "So, whaddya think," he said through another mouthful. "What is she and how do we gank her? Cas?" said Dean, looking to the angel for support. "What is she? An angel?"
A high pitched scream behind them made Dean leap away from Castiel. He spun around, searching for the source, but calmed immediately when he saw a group of laughing kids playing in the sand.
All around him there were eyes on the three of them; Castiel in particular. He was the only omega in the Winchester pack and garnered a lot of attention because of it. Prior to Castiel's arrival, there had been no omegas in the pack, only alphas and betas.
Dean leapt over the low railings and dropped onto the beach. He looked over his shoulder to check Castiel was still with him. The angel walked down the stone steps, following his footprints in the rusty coloured sand.
He watched Castiel as his hand lifted and touched Dean's forehead. There was a quick, sharp jolt to his stomach. At first, Dean didn't think anything had happened. He opened his eyes and Castiel was still sitting on the side of the lumpy bed, looking down at him. Nothing had changed. Dean took in the
Pulse was quiet for a Thursday afternoon. The club only had a few betas and one or two alphas. Castiel knew it would get busier later (it always did) but he enjoyed the quiet while it lasted.
"Where are we going?" said Dean without much enthusiasm. All he could think of was getting his hand on his dick and having a nice slow tug but that wasn't about to happen anytime soon. Not unless he stopped off somewhere and q
Water, that was dripping from Dean's hair, splashed onto his cheek and slipped into the crook of his mouth. Dean licked his lips unconsciously and Castiel's gaze dropped to his mouth.
Tongue still sliding up his spoon, Dean paused, his face flushing with heat. "You can't know for sure," he murmured. "Not unless..."
"Did you notice anything unusual, in the days leading up to Jimmy's disappearance?" asked Sam, his brow furrowed.
. "I'm going to lock the door for the night," he said. He closed up and turned the main lights off in the library. They were both cast in only the warm glow from the desk lamp and the spill of the street lights outside.
"Come on," said Dean. There was adrenaline in his veins. His blood was pumping fast as though he had just been hunting. "Let's see what Sam's got."
"Ok, that's not creepy," said Dean, as he pulled on a dry pair of jeans. He felt eyes on him and slid a glance to Castiel who was watching him
"That's better. Thanks, Ellen," said Dean, grabbing the clothes she handed to him. He nipped Castiel's neck and released him long enough to get dressed.
think you can make our lives PG13?" Dean shook his head. "This is insane. What's the last thing you remember?"
"Cas, I -" Dean was about to object and immediately reject the offer but then, it wouldn't be real, would it? It would be in his mind, in a place away from the world and prying eyes. Kay wouldn't see it. It would only be Castiel and Dean. He could try it and if he didn't like it, he could just wake up. It was no big deal because it wasn't real. "I don't know," he said then, suddenly, the word tumbled out of his mouth,"Yes."
"You're handsome, aren't you? Big blue, dreamy eyes," she said, grinning now. There was something in her smile that reminded Castiel of a shark.
Something occurred to Dean then that he had never considered before. Castiel obviously wanted Dean. His pupils had dilated hugely at the swipe of Dean's tongue. And yet Castiel was refraining from doing anything because he wanted to... what? respect Dean? Whatever the reason, Castiel wasn't making a move unless Dean allowed it and it made Dean feel quite powerful. It was turning him on to think that an angel, with so much celestial power at his fingertips, had to wait for Dean's say-so before he could move. He started to think about all the other times in his life he had made Castiel do what he had wanted and wondered if it had been a more diluted version of this moment.
The door behind them swung open and Castiel automatically glanced over his shoulder. His heart leapt when he saw a lithe golden brown wolf enter the Roadhouse with moss green eyes. It was Dean. As smoothly as Castiel had transformed, so did the wolf. It shifted into human form and strode over to the bar where Castiel and Sam were stood.
He was not a vampire (he didn't have fangs), a ghost (salt did nothing), or a werewolf (he didn't change on a full moon). He was something else.
"Yes," said Castiel. He looked at Sam who raised a brow. "How're you, Ellen?" added Castiel, understanding the very familiar facial gesture.
Mr and Mrs Green returned from the kitchen with snacks and mugs of coffee. Although they hadn't asked for them, the couple passed the drinks over, setting a plate of biscuits down in front of them. Dean cheerfully took his and started chomping on a digestive biscuit while Sam took the floor. Sam was better at dealing with emotional situations than Dean was.
still defined. His lips were exquisite, his hair was a dark golden brown, and his skin was smooth and sunkissed. His eyes were very expressive, Castiel noticed. He guessed they would be easy to read. He was. . . beautiful.
with pleasure. Dean wasn't even fucking him, wasn't even touching his dick, and Castiel came harder than he ever had in his life. He was shaking in Dean's arms, unable to hold himself up.
"It would, yeah," said Sam. "I've told him that but Dean's pretty protective of him, you know? I think he wants Cas to love him first before he makes a claim. He doesn't want to bite Cas just because it's instinct for Cas to want it."
"What's a kid that age doing watching us?" said Dean. "I mean I know we started early but wow. Kid must have a strong stomach."
"Castiel is my omega," the woman sneered. "He was mine to begin with and since you haven't bitten him yet, that means he still belongs to me. I bit him thirteen years ago when he was a pup. I've made my claim and I want him back."
Castiel looked at him and didn't respond. Maybe he could sense Dean was trying to joke his way out of a serious conversation. It wasn't the first time he had done it.
Well, Whittington Court was in jeopardy. Daniel thought it was the ideal time to call for help. But he didn't think this was a job for King Arthur. The monster in Whittington Court was a different kettle of fish to the kind of beasts Arthur and his knights dealt with. No, this was a job for a couple of hunters and their angel.
Castiel considered him. "I can't show you your soul because your eyes wouldn't be able to perceive it, but I could give you an example of what I see. A metaphor."
Daniel collected the Sam Winchester model from a makeshift cage on the floor. He threw the stuffed devil that Sam had been sharing his cage with on top of a crate full of toys. The Dean Winchester figurine was standing next to a homemade '67 Chevy Impala. Daniel had crafted the car from an empty milk carton, bottle tops and cling film. The black poster paint was peeling off, but Dean the figurine looked happy enough in it.
Dean took a slight step back, letting his dick slide out. To Castiel's surprise, he could feel come sliding down the back of his leg. He hadn't even been aware Dean had come.
Kay actually laughed at this. "It isn't my fault you have Castiel's dick on your mind. I have no interest in seeing you two get it on. It'd be like watching two apes ravage each other on the Discovery Channel.
"Dean," said Castiel again because Dean had leaned down to kiss Castiel's neck. At the touch of Dean's lips to his skin, heat flooded through Castiel's body; he was getting hard.
Castiel caught the scent of something on the wooden counter. He lowered his face to it, sniffing intently. It smelled like lavender... or a herb of some kind.
a clip of Jimmy leaving the building like the other kid said. As for the wheel.." He clicked on another video file. "It disappears after this family passes by... There. Can you see? One minute the wheel is there and then it isn't. There's nothing else. I've checked earlier in the day and later too."
The pale face smiled. Castiel stared. His heart began to beat faster but he wasn't entirely sure why.
Mr and Mrs Green were nice people. It was clear they were desperate for any news on their son. They had led Dean, Sam and Castiel into a gloomy sitting room that smelled of dog and cigarette smoke. Dean and Sam dropped down on the low sofa. Sam's knees were level with his chest when he sat and Dean stifled a laugh. He glanced at Castiel who was standing awkwardly at their side. Dean scooted over, shoving Sam who cast him an indignant look. "Sit down," mouthed Dean to Castiel. The angel sat and the three of them were crammed together, shoulder to shoulder, knee to knee on the tiny sofa. Dean grinned. He looked over at Castiel whose cheeks had pooled with pink. Castiel's hands were resting on his own thighs and Dean's hand was on his own too. Their fingers were touching and Dean was tempted to lift his little finger and hook it over Castiel's. He didn't. But he didn't move either and let his finger rest against Castiel's warm skin.
adventurous. Castiel had never masturbated anywhere outside of his own bed. But the scent. . . it was all around him. He could smell it now. Even in the tiny staff toilet.
Dean held Castiel's gaze. His eyes were impossibly blue. The colour matched the sky behind him. There was something in Dean that was pulling him towards Castiel. He stepped a little closer, hesitant. He noticed that Castiel hadn't moved an inch. He was stood, absolutely still as if he was worried a sudden movement would scare Dean away.
The woman raised her hand and curled her finger at Castiel, indicating he should go over to her. All of a sudden he found himself crouching down and slipping out from underneath Dean's arm.
Her grip on Castiel's wrist tightened and she twisted. Castiel gasped in pain, falling forward and catching himself so he didn't hit the table.
They both turned at the creak of floorboards. It was Castiel. He was holding the most phallic looking pink popsicle Dean had ever seen in his life. Castiel sucked on it a little.
"Yes, I know. . .but. . .it's not appropriate." Castiel scrambled around the counter to pick the poster up off the floor. While he
"No," said Dean. He caught Castiel's roaming hand and pulled it from his chest. "Tell me something about your day."
. It was a knee jerk reaction. Castiel gazed at him in bewilderment. Dean realised then that he already knew the answer and huffed a laugh. "Sorry, I
Dean chuckled. "I'm joking," he said and pushed Castiel's chest but, unconsciously, his hand lingered. As he let it drop, he could feel Castiel's torso beneath his shirt.
brushed the button on Dean's jeans before he stopped him. "Wait." He pushed Castiel's trenchcoat and pulled at his tie. "Take all that off, let me see you."
tasty. Her eyes popped open again, and she gave him a piercing glare. "But if you think I did all that so you could disrespect me then you are
Daniel stepped back. He took one long look at them then turned and got back into bed. The three figures were the last thing Daniel saw before he drifted off to sleep.
"Oh! That's my mum. You can stay for breakfast if you like?" said Daniel, his eyes shining with hope. "I bet my mum would like to meet you."
Something hit Castiel hard in the side and he was dragged into an iron grip. He realised it was Bobby. Dean and Sam had approached the woman Castiel had been so intrigued by.
. If it was up to him he wouldn't work there at all, but he needed the money and Gabriel was short-staffed.
"Yeah, that's. . .that's. . ." Dean didn't know what that was. The truth was he didn't have a clue how to talk to Castiel about it and whether it needed addressing at all. Dean looked over his shoulder at Castiel who was looking at him with his usual intensity. Dean gave him a small smile and Castiel dropped his gaze.
refused to acknowledge came racing to the surface. It clouded his mind and made him question everything he had thought he had known. He wanted to get on his knees and choke on whoever's cock the scent belonged to. He wanted to
His gut told him it wouldn't be a good idea to lean down and sniff. However, curiosity got the better of him. He was sure he recognised the smell from somewhere but couldn't remember where he had smelled it. Without thinking he leaned down. Vaguely, somewhere behind him, he heard a clatter and voices.
Castiel's eyes slid to meet his. He must have sensed Dean's gaze. "Is everything OK?" asked Castiel.
Castiel spotted him immediately. The open plan of the library allowed Castiel to see the door from where he stood at the counter. His heart leapt at the sight of Dean who
"Again, it's good to know where your head is at but I was referring to the case." She pitched him a wink and disappeared.
He ignored her cryptic response. "Is that what you're into? Are you watching us all the time? It's a kink isn't it?" he asked, attempting to get a rise out of her. Secretly he was thankful he hadn't decided to knock one out over Cas if she
"In your mind." Castiel reached across the table and touched Dean's forehead. There was a brief moment of complete darkness then he opened his eyes.
Castiel felt dizzy, light-headed. "Fine," he mumbled. He pushed Dean out of the way, stumbling back to the bar.
"Evening boys," said Ellen, smiling. Sam and Bobby transformed too and caught the proffered clothing.
Dean held them together. He released Castiel's shoulder, licking and kissing what was sure to be a deep wound.
Castiel wasn't listening at all now. He wondered, idly, when Dean would fuck him again. Castiel had loved it last night when Dean had pinned him against the wall so tightly that he had barely been able to breathe as he had fucked him raw. Heat pulsed in his cock at the memory.
"You put that image in my mind, didn't you?" breathed Dean. "Where you kissed my stomach. You put that in my head."
"Who knew Dean was so romantic?" said Ellen with a chuckle. There was a pause and then. "He's got to be careful though hasn't he? Because if another pack targets Castiel..."
"I love you," clarified Castiel. He said it with ease this time. Dean had to wonder if Castiel had made peace with himself, because he was right, Castiel wasn't asking Dean for anything, and he was fine with it. Castiel seemed to have accepted that Dean didn't feel the same way.
Dean peaked over the menu that was standing in the middle of the table and watched Castiel. Everything had been so confusing lately.
"I'm good, just talking to Sam about your boyfriend," she said with a grin. "It's your birthday next week, isn't it? How old will you be?"
At his words, something occurred to Dean. Clearing his throat, he said, "Have you ever been with a guy before?"
"Uh..." began Sam. "It's ok Mathew, um, why don't you show my friend here, Castiel, your toys? We'll just... We'll be back in a minute."
Dean's smirk fell off his face. "Look Cas, what do you want from me? Huh? Whatever it is I can't give it to you."
Daniel Wilson, aged eight, lay awake in bed one night, turning over an idea that had occurred to him. He picked up the figurine of Castiel on his bedside table, peered into the two blue blobs that substituted for the angel's eyes, and pondered. Supernatural was over; there were no more episodes. He could no longer seek out Dean, Sam and Castiel for advice. Daniel wasn't stupid. He knew it was just a television show, but still. . . He liked to think that Sam and Dean were out there somewhere in the world, ready to help if someone needed it.
"What the - are you talking about our life? There isn't going to be a damn sequel. We've done our job. We've served our time. That's it. You want a sequel go speak to whichever bozos wrote the tv show in this universe, ok? 'Cause we're done."
Castiel stood back behind Sam to sniff the air and have a quick glance at who was in the bar. It didn't take a wolf's nose to know that there were more humans than werewolves just by the number of jeans he could see. Jeans were not a popular choice for wolves as it made it difficult to shift from human to wolf in tight denim. That being said, Sam and Dean seemed to enjoy wearing them. Castiel imagined it had something to do with confidence in their own strength while they were still human.
"What? I like it." Dean said with a smile that made Cas's heart flip. Cas shook his head, feigning annoyance but a smile tugged at his lips.
"Yeah, but I missed you. Plus, I knew that you'd suck at picking out what I wanted to keep." Cas knelt down and pulled out a small box from under his bed and cradled it to his chest. "Can you get the clothes?" He asked quietly.
"I'm not on drugs." Cas mumbled, glad when they exited the bus and walked across the street to the library.
Dean sighed loudly. "Okay,but this is not over." He gave Cas a kiss on the cheek before Cas scurried away.
"So I tell you everything and you get to get away with keeping quiet? I don't think so." Cas opened his mouth to argue but Dean shook his head. "Never mind, Bobby's...he's more like my second father I guess. It probably sounds stupid, but he's cool. One of dad's closest friends." Cas nodded his head. "Sammy's my kid brother. I'm going to fix up that old mustang for his birthday."
A nurse came in and smiled. "Cas, it's good to see you awake!" She said cheerfully, checking the machines and changing Cas's IV drip. "There you go, all set." She said, giving him a pat on the shoulder. "The doctor should be in in a little while."
"Can we at least go for another walk?" Dean reluctantly took Cas's hand, causing him to grin. "You know," Cas said wistfully. "I'd love to live out here. We should build a place out here, buy the land...."
"And sometimes I need a little time off." Cas went flying through the hallway, laughing as Dean chased after him.
He climbed in his car, but even that didn't feel right. It felt empty, because he knew Cas should have been sitting right there next to him. Dean pulled away, feeling even more numb.
Cas shrugged his shoulders. "It's just not big on Dad's list of things to do." And it would provide an escape. That's the reason he wasn't allowed to get his license. If he could drive, he could leave and his dad would never go for that.
"It'll be alright boy." Bobby gave him a hug. "I gotta get going, but hey, you need anything, you call me, okay?" Dean gave a slight nod and Bobby gave Cas a nod on the way out.
Dean held him tenderly, kissing the top of his head. "Shh Cas, it'll be okay. Your going to college, remember? Your a Mr. smarty pants. It's not that far away until the fall semester starts, you can stay at my place until then. It'll be okay Cas, we'll make it work."
Dean laughed as Cas pulled him towards him and Dean finally collapsed against the bed. He crawled under the covers and hesitantly pulled Cas close. "Mmm." Cas murmured as he lay his head on Dean's chest and threw an arm across Dean's stomach.
"I tried to clean up a bit but it's still a mess, sorry." Dean unlocked the front door, motioning for Cas to step inside.
Dean watched him carefully. This guy was an enigma wrapped inside a riddle wrapped inside a taco. He grabbed a book and scanned it, stifling a yawn. He snatched an extra notebook and pen and began doodling in the margins.
Dean looked at him in confusion, shocked that Cas had just voluntarily revealed something about himself. "Older or younger?"
Cas watched him leave as the bell rang feeling utterly confused. People like Dean were usually jerks to him. Heck, people in general were jerks to him. He didn't understand why Dean was being so unusually nice to him.
"How the hell are you not like 500 pounds? Jesus, you eat a ton of food and your still in great shape. What the hell?"
"No, just most of the time." Dean teased, slipping off his leather jacket. "Come on, hand it over." Dean said, holding out his hand until Cas handed Dean his trench coat. "There," Dean said as he hung them both on the coat rack in the hallway. " Now it's home."
Cas blushed and smiled shyly. "Dean, that's so sweet." He kissed Dean's forehead and let his hand linger on Dean's cheek. "But it's damn true."
