I stood still for a moment, watching him, giving him the time he needed to regain his composure. It took a while but then he relaxed a little bit, wiping his sleeve over his eyes, breathing more evenly - for me, this was the sign to try again.
Mycroft opened the door and got out, then leaned back in to speak to the driver. “Take them back to Baker Street. I’ll take a cab.” He shifted his attention to Sherlock and looked as if he’d speak. Instead he paused and looked between the two of them. Finally, he spoke softly, “Enjoy.”
I couldn’t deny that Jonah's confession had shaken me to the core. My heart beat faster whenever I thought of the idea that he and Brother William had been a couple. A thought which seemed to me to be completely absurd, but which now had to be the truth - for why should the novice lie to me in this matter? It had been obvious how uncomfortable he had been when he had confided to me, almost as if he was reckoning with me for a moment. Oh, if he only knew that he was not the only one who had to deal with his sexual orientation, or, as in my case, with the reactions of his fellows!
William’s attitude toward Jonah had also changed drastically. He watched him with an earnest, anxious gaze and devoted himself only half-heartedly to the game. He seemed to lose the last game deliberately to make his opponent happy. Both men withdrew immediately, Jonah only nodding for goodbye.
John pressed his lips together and looked at the ceiling for a moment before he spoke. “You don’t act like it.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I left my backpack at Frank’s office.” Under the pretence of scratching his ankle, Sherlock reassured himself that the cocaine he’d stashed in his sock the prior evening was still in place. Frank seemed not to have recognized his own shirt and jacket - but he’d surely recognize his coke if Sherlock had left it in his backpack and Frank had rifled through it.
“Everything I have is yours, John. You never have to worry about money.” Sherlock spoke soothingly, his voice low.
“Married? Um, no. Didn’t work out so good for me, didn’t it? And I’m not one to make the same mistake twice. So no, it’ll be you and me the rest of my life, if I have my say.” John hadn’t even looked up from his book - he’d spoken his reply down into the pages of the paperback.
"How dare you criticize me? You of all people? The man who is to blame for all my misery? I was always there for you and what did you do? When I came out to Mom and Dad that I'm a lesbian? You just holed up in your room when they set me adrift. That’s a big brother everyone would love to have, eh, John? And yet I have always stood by your side, when you've borrowed money from me so you could pay your tuition fees, when I let you stay in my small flat when they expulsed you, too - and that’s how you thank me? Hm? For the first time in my life I am really happy and now you want to ruin that, just because you yourself are not able to have a normal relationship, for you, it is all just about fun - your colleague giving you a blowjob between surgery and lunch or whatever you do in your posh hospital to pass the time
He blinked, apparently still not fully able to focus his gaze; his lips were nothing more than a thin line. They seemed to have lost all color.
Baker Street still seemed like Home to John. And the thought of Sherlock sitting alone in front of the fireplace, across from John’s empty chair, caused a pain behind John’s sternum. What was Sherlock thinking, sitting alone? Was his chest hurting as bad as John’s?
I clapped a hand over my mouth to suppress the sobs that tried to burst from my throat. The next moment dre wme into his arms, tears wetting my neck where he pressed his face into it.
But I did not give up that fast. The clock on the wall told me that I had ten minutes left before the brothers returned from breakfast - enough time to at least glance briefly into Brother Francis' cell. I scurried across the hall and slipped into the room on the other side of the corridor. Again, as before in Brother William’s room, I closed the curtains before turning on the lights. The furniture was the same as the other cells that I had seen so far, only the furniture here was mirrored. Contrary to what I was used to from Jonah’s and William’s rooms, it seemed almost chaotic here; the bed was not made, the desk was littered with theological textbooks, and there were sticky notes all around, but none confirmed Jonah's suspicions. I opened all the drawers here as well, even though it was clear that I would hardly bump into a brown glass bottle with a sign showing a skull and crossbones. On the other hand, Brother Francis had always seemed so reliable to me that, assuming he was indeed the culprit, he would have been firmly convinced that he would never be discovered. And people who were too sure of themselves became careless. However, having found nothing suspicious here, there were only two possible conclusions: Either he was one of the few people who could commit a crime without being caught - or he was truly innocent.
I began to think about the always-so-helpful novice; What might have been in the letter, and why had he tossed it aside without reading it? I had not noticed where he had stuck the envelope, but it was no longer lying on the table.
He heard the shower running as he dropped the bags on the worktop, later than he’d planned to arrive home; he hoped that Sherlock hadn’t already grabbed a bite from the leftovers in the fridge. Hurriedly unpacking the supplies, he popped the salmon into the oven then opened the wine to breathe. The sound of the shower stopped as he rinsed the salad greens. John could picture Sherlock wiping the mirror with his damp towel then leaning over the sink to shave, naked, warmed by the steam still trapped in the bathroom. John realized with a shock that it had been a very, very long time since he had indulged in any daydreams about his handsome husband.
again. Not the angry man who sniped at the smallest provocation, not the man so wrapped in his own misery that he didn’t even notice that Sherlock was lonely, too. He felt a tear spill over and slip down his cheek and was mortified that John would see his desperation.
Sherlock quickly followed John’s command. John stepped up behind him, pressing Sherlock to sit back on his feet. In this position they were nearly the same height - John relished the opportunity to lick and nip Sherlock’s neck while pressing his erection into Sherlock’s cleft - a position that would have been impossible while standing. He held Sherlock’s waist with one while the fingertips of the other grazed Sherlock’s cock lightly. Rolling his hips, John growled into Sherlock's ear, “Do you want it? As much as I want you?”
John gazed into Mycroft’s eyes, confused and a little dazed. “What, you did a background check on my fiancée?”
The young man was trembling like a leaf but at the moment I lacked the patience to take that into account.
John smiled. “Presumptuous of you, isn’t it? Maybe I want the furniture. Maybe I need a large lorry.”
Mrs. Hudson looked confused. Sherlock took pity on her. “I lifted these from his closet last night. He doesn’t know.”
"Outwardly not, no. And yet, without the permission of the Prior, nobody can just leave the monastery without fear of consequences. "
"Afghanistan ..." I replied stunned and stared at the monk with my mouth open, "But you can not possibly have seen all that. Prior Lambert must have told you ..."
The man, usually so unperturbed, hesitated clearly. Was it perhaps a bad sign, even though Sherlock was supposed to be over the worst of it after he regained consciousness? I tried not to let my uncertainty show.
I decided not to see Brother Jonah until evening. He needed tranquility to recover and enough time to sleep off his intoxication or any attempt at a conversation would be doomed from the beginning. With a queasy feeling I now appeared at Vespers. Much too early, for there was no one in the gloomily illuminated church besides a novice who lit the candles, which were fastened in holders on the pillars that delimited the side aisles of the church. We knew each other by sight but I could not remember his name so we smiled and nodded at each other before I looked for a place on the outer edge. The silence, which I had always perceived as peaceful, seemed depressing right now. I heard a noise from outside the building that grew increasingly loud as the church grew darker - a rain front crossed the place and seemed to drown it. There was thunder in the distance.
Like a tiger in a cage, I paced around the little room. Any attempt to bridge the time until Brother Williams' presumed appearance failed and I was tired of waiting. Perhaps he had changed his mind and would not come at all! It was already after half past ten and my plan to get some sleep before the Vigil started had receded. I watched as the minute hand of my alarm clock moved towards twelve. He would not come; I was sure about that now. The Complet had finished at 20:40, and after that the friars had gone to bed. Even if he had waited until the floor had been quiet, to be able to go unnoticed, he would have been here already a long time ago. Either something had happened to him, or, more likely, he had simply changed his mind.
for Sherlock.” Mary rolled her eyes and smirked when she said the word ‘feelings.’ “You didn’t hide it well at all. But he was
“I’ll stay home.” There was a hint of desperation in Sherlock’s voice. “I’ll do the washing up. You can relax. Watch telly.”
John sat up all night reading through Sherlock’s notes. He’d taken breaks only to refresh his beer and the toilet. He’d moved around the house as he got stiff: bed to living room sofa to dining room table then back to bed. He’d nodded off mid-sentence with the laptop still on his knees.
He scrolled up, skipping a few dozen messages. The dates were not consecutive this far back in the site. Sherlock had not posted every day – let alone three or four times a day as he’d done much later. John clicked a random file:
I stared at him open-mouthed. I swallowed and decided that now was the time to ask the question that lay like a block of ice in my stomach.
They didn’t hold hands, or walk arm in arm, or kiss in public. Even Mrs. Hudson sometimes wondered if they were truly together because she didn’t see a noticeable difference in their behaviors when she popped up with baked treats.
“She educated me on how it gets harder to sleep deeply as one gets older. Especially when one’s tenants are fucking
Sherlock turned in the doorway and faced John chest-to-chest. “My getting a haircut doesn’t endanger your income. Just stop. Now.”
I looked questioningly at the blond, who now allowed himself a small smile, which did not seem exactly happy.
"... house number," I added in my thoughts, before turning to the next house. I rang the bell but nobody answered.
Sherlock carefully turned until he faced John, his blue dressing tangled around his frame. John’s hand fell away as Sherlock rearranged his limbs. He regarded John for a few moments before he answered simply, “You’re welcome.” There was no reason to dissemble - it was true he’d killed a man in front of a dozen witness for the sake of John Watson’s happiness.
"I'm not angry with you," whispered Jonah, as if he were aware of my doubt. He pulled me into a tight hug. "I just want you two to be as happy as you deserve."
The sight he offered as he left through the doorway, with his head hanging, was hard for me to bear.
"His men? What does this guy do professionally? Is he working for the British government or something like that? "
Things didn’t change much when John and Sherlock were finally both back home at Baker Street, all loose ends settled. They still bickered, there were still papers strewn across every horizontal surface, they still had their own bedrooms (although Sherlock slept upstairs in John’s on the nights he did sleep), and Sherlock still disappeared for days without telling John his plans.
Mary turned toward the worktop and opened the flatware drawer. John couldn’t see what she pulled out until she turned and pointed a small, black and stainless steel .22 pistol at his chest. He noted the suppressor attached with rising alarm.
As soon as he had opened the door for me, I had to shout out the good news; I could not wait a second longer.
“Ok, then. That’s … settled.” John glanced up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He attempted a chuckle but it came out thick and wet. “I didn’t mean to keep you.” He took another step away. “I’ll clean up. You have plans.”
the consecrated host, then rose in one fluid motion and withdrew in silent prayer to the choir, I involuntarily held my breath and could not detach my eyes from his slender body. The question of whether occasional adventures in Afghanistan had only been 'a phase,' as Ella had claimed, now no longer seemed appropriate as I had not previously felt for any woman as I did for this young monk. Wasn’t that supposed to mean something?
"No, Doctor Watson, that does not sound weird at all. Even though we generally put a lot of emphasis on not letting the points of contact between our Convention and ... well ... the 'outer world', if you will, be excessive, I can understand your intention. Especially you as a doctor certainly have something of a professional interest if you get involved in such a case. "
Mrs. Hudson continued, “And at my time of life, it’s hard to get a really deep sleep. Age, dear. It makes sleep so hard to come by. And I’m so thrilled for you two, I really am. But there are certain things I’d rather not think about, love you though I do. You know, at my time of life…”
John floated up from a pleasant sleep to the feeling of Sherlock’s lips pressed to the back of his neck. The soft brush of lips sent a jolt down his spine and up his morning erection. He turned onto his side and met those soft lips with a kiss.
"Yesterday I was with him for a long time. His doctors want me to give him some rest today, then I'll look in on him tomorrow. And surely then I can bring him the good news that you will soon be a fully ordained monk - unless you would rather do that yourself. I can take you with me, if you want it ... "
Then later, once he invented his profession, the long curls became his trademarks - along with his Belstaff. (And maybe just a
John dressed quickly after his shower and went into the sparsely-furnished living room.  He wasn’t quite sure where the cameras and microphones were hidden, so he turned in a slow circle as he spoke. “Mycroft, I’m ready to leave now.”
He sat up, suddenly shaken by a violent coughing fit. Without another thought, I moved closer and put an arm around his shoulders, propping him up and rubbing his back until he could breathe more calmly.
I breathed deeply again, so as not to lose courage - if I had not already. Brother William put his glasses down, straightened his upper body, and looked at me expectantly. Did he already know why I wanted to talk to him? His gaze was inscrutable; it could express both curiosity and mockery and contempt. I could not figure it out. I cleared my throat again.
Sherlock unfolded himself out of the cab and flipped a 20 to the driver. “No one else who could have picked up Mrs. Hudson and still managed to arrive before us.” Sherlock turned and smiled broadly as Mycroft helped their dear landlady up from the back of the towncar. He strode toward them with John just a step behind.
The gray-haired man nodded, and though I was sure that he did not believe my weak excuse, a benevolent smile showed on his face.
Carlos leaned over and sucked the drink stirrer. He drained half the glass then swallowed. “Drink up, Sammy boy.” Sherlock did, quickly finishing what remained in the glass. He sat the empty glass on the bar and followed Carlos to the dance floor, threading through the heavy crowd of sweating bodies. Sherlock raised his arms over his head and swayed his hips to the music, undulating in time to the throb of the bass and beat of the drum machine. Carlos danced close into Sherlock’s personal space and rubbed their bodies together. Sherlock wanted to roll his eyes at the clumsy move; instead he put on a blissful expression and smiled. He pressed his chest to Carlos’ then slipped around until he was behind the other man, chest to back. Carlos thrust his arse back into Sherlock’s crotch and wiggled his hips. This time Sherlock didn’t have to stifle the impulse to roll his eyes. He placed both hands on Carlos’ hips and ground into him, swaying back and forth in wide arcs. Carlos responded eagerly, swaying and rolling his hips. Sherlock slipped both hands between them, cupping Carlos’ buttocks and squeezing. At last he had the opportunity for which he’d started this farce of a flirtation - he slipped his right hand into Carlos’ back pocket and slid out the wallet he found there, quickly sliding it into his jacket pocket.
"Brother Francis has said that he was hit by Brother Jonah, which is why we notified the police. I would like to comment on the state of the investigation; in particular, I do not want to rashly condemn anyone. Nonetheless, the circumstances required that he be arrested that he be banned from contact until the trial is complete, in order to not interfere with the investigation. Father Andrew, Father Christopher and myself will be his contacts and, if necessary, will provide him with legal advice, but of course we all hope that this will not be necessary. Incidentally, the brother who is assigned to table service will also take food to Brother Jonah.
"No, John. Think about it: If you hired someone to attack a person you would not otherwise have access to, what kind of person would you choose? "
"That's just incredible," he breathed after I had finished, "You saved his life for the third time!"
"Good morning," he greeted and nodded to me in a friendly way, "I apologize to you, Doctor Watson - you came here to find peace and instead you are confronted with the depths of the human soul. "
"Come on," I grumbled, shoving away the shattered bottle, putting his arm around my shoulders and covering his waist with my other arm to pull him up, which he allowed without resistance.
"Okay? Jonah, do you think you can walk up the stairs? Otherwise I'll have to get someone to carry you up."
Sherlock was surprised by the man’s British accent. It didn’t fit with his looks - he looked more like a Mobster than an Englishman.
Sherlock looked left and right from the doorway, spotting a door on the opposite wall. He started across the kitchen. On his way, he appropriated a plate of food from a waiting tray. Holding it in his hand in the manner of a waiter, he was able to reach the next door unchallenged by any of the workers in the kitchen and slip through.
That he - consciously or unconsciously - manipulated my feelings so much annoyed me beyond measure. And had I not come here to find peace and tranquility? If I had longed for chaos and strife, I would have simply stayed in the emergency room making life-or-death decisions under time pressure, with relatives screaming at me. No, now I would finally take care of the person I had so often neglected in the past:
I had spent almost an hour at his bed, touching him softly and murmuring to him but at some point I could not endure seeing him lying so helpless, even though I was deeply ashamed of the thought. Only when I stepped out into the empty corridor this feeling changed to rage - fury about being his only visitor. Where was his family? Where was the ominous brother with whom Prior Lambert seemed to be in contact fairly often? Slowly, I began to distrust the Prior - had he not passed on the information that Brother William had been taken to the hospital?
Not since the time when Mycroft thought sending him to a military school in America would help curb his cocaine use. Part of the intake process at the ridiculously expensive school had been to fit him with a navy blue and gold quasi-military uniform and clipper cut his hair to an eighth of an inch.
suddenly popped into John’s mind. The thought broke down the last resentment he hadn’t realized was still lurking in the back of his brain and his heart truly opened to the wonder that Sherlock was alive.
John stumbled toward the ensuite as Sherlock went through the other door and down the hall. The warm water of the shower cleared his head, reviving him a bit. He used Sherlock’s shampoo and soap, absently lathering his body with his hands while he replayed the events of the evening in his mind. He realized that Sherlock had carefully controlled their actions since they’d entered 221B, subtly directing John to avoid touching his back, distracting John from embracing him fully, taking control so John wouldn’t be aware of his wounds. It dawned on John just how masterfully Sherlock had played it to avoid derailing their passion by having to explain scars and wounds.
John brought Sherlock’s hand to his lips and kissed his knuckles softly. “Nope. Today is good for me. Just making sure we won’t have to wait.”
"Well," he chuckled, "William is my religious name, that's right -. I was baptized, however, with the name of Sherlock"
Next stop was the supermarket for Sherlock’s staples: salad and salmon. First John looked over the tortes and petit fours in the bakery case but turned away when he realized that Sherlock would eat a slice of cake or a petit four with relish but work himself extra hard the next day to counteract the extra calories. John already knew how hard his husband worked to stay in top shape; he didn’t want to tempt him with anything that would add more hours to his workout. The fish counter was a safer bet. John took his time picking out two thick, fresh salmon cuts, even though he knew Sherlock would only eat two-thirds of his portion but John could always take the leftover for lunch tomorrow. On to the produce section, John picked out Sherlock’s favorite greens. At the last minute he added a bunch of carrot, a turnip and two beets. He could grate them finely into a colorful slaw, served with dressing on the side, of course. Sherlock would be pleased with both the visual appeal and the medley of flavors. He might even remark on John’s originality in coming up with the veg slaw without a recipe. God only knew it had been quite a while since Sherlock had noticed any of the small things John was now making an effort to do for him.
"I was so scared of you," I whispered, running my fingertips over his sinewy forearm. "Honestly, I still am ... And you could just take my fear away, you know that? You just have to ... wake up. "
After Compline I retired to my room to read a little - after dinner, I took a book from the common room, the "Spiritual Exercises" of Ignatius of Loyola. Not exactly light fare for an absolute beginner like me, but a return to my relationship with God had been my focus in the last hours of the day. And there was, finally, a large number of competent persons who could provide advice and support to me, if appropriate, in case  I stumbled on my way to self-awareness. In good spirits, I dropped on my bed, shoved the pillow in my back so I was comfortable and adjusted the bedside lamp so that the light fell on the pages of the book at a good angle, so that I did not have to contort myself. This time I would not go back to sleep before the night prayer. It was time to approach this challenge with the necessary seriousness ; I wanted to gain an advantage from my stay. And I was convinced that I was on the right track.
Inwardly, I smiled as bright as the sun. I could spend more time with Brother William in the future ... Now, after our joint afternoon was so relaxing, I was really looking forward to it. I would have to see, of course, that my feelings did not get in the way, but in this respect I was now quite hopeful.
Sherlock tossed his phone aside for Mycroft to retrieve later. He jumped, flailing through the air rather awkwardly.
John took the laptop. Mycroft continued, “You will want privacy while you read. I can offer you the use of a safe house. It’s stocked with essentials and you can be undisturbed as long as you wish.”
After I had duly signed out after lunch, I made my way to the hospital, carrying many good wishes from the Brothers for the patient. Again, I had to wait a moment in the small waiting area in front of the entrance to ICU. In about fifteen minutes, Mycroft Holmes came down the hall. He seemed a little surprised to see me there. Briefly, he looked me up and down, but then he held out his hand.
John stood, resolute. He knew what he had to do now but it was late, well past midnight. He’d go ahead and sleep here, then visit both Mary and Sherlock in the morning. He’d gather his possessions from Mary’s townhouse. Before night fell again, he’d be back home. Home, in Baker Street. Home, with Sherlock.
. Shaking off the thought as not the point of their conversion, John dropped his chin and admitted, “Yeah, I understand.” His voice betrayed a hint of the tears he fought to hold in at the thought of the parade of women he’d brought through Baker Street in the beginning. “But that was before. Before Sherlock... before we … before I loved him.”
"You’re avoiding my questions," I said, holding his wrists until he stopped. Carefully, I took his hands in mine, gently stroking the slender fingers and soft skin of the back of his hand as I tried to bring the conversation back to the previous topic.
Since the Convent's decision was made Jonah seemed like a new man - finally, fear and sorrow were gone and his old, fun-loving self shone forth again. Everything seemed to be much easier for him now that it looked as though everything was finally going to turn out well. If Sherlock would fully recovered now then his life would be near perfect, I was sure.
Frank rose and turned the latch to lock the door. He rounded on Sherlock, grabbing the front of his shirt and pulling him down nose-to-nose with Frank’s flushed face. “Who are you and who sent you? If you’re from Jim, I swear to god, I will cut your dick off and send it back to him in a shoebox.” He shook Sherlock - hard - by the shirt collar, then thrust him toward a Naugahyde chair with arms studded in brass accent tacks. Sherlock fell into the chair, stunned. Frank leaned over and growled into Sherlock’s face again, “Who the fuck are you, punk? Start talking or I rack you with my steel-toed boots.”
He hesitated for a moment before adding bitterly, "If you hadn’t been there just when you were, he would have killed me - and I would not have been able to do anything about it."
I nodded, mute, unsure of what to answer. I wanted to justify my actions by the fact that it was not me who had been looking for Brother William’s closeness. It was already on my tongue but I swallowed the words down. I did not want to give Brother William any more trouble than he probably already had. And besides, I did not want to meet the generosity of the prior with a lie.
John dropped his hand to Sherlock’s shoulder. He traced small circles into the junction over Sherlock’s collarbone. They remained quiet for a while then Sherlock spoke softly. “You love me.”
"At least that might have been a crucial aspect. Of course he must have somehow been in contact with these people, otherwise they would not have used him for their crime. "
I left the church hastily after Thanksgiving and sat down at the breakfast table. I just had to stop my thoughts wandering to Brother William constantly, otherwise I might as well pack my things and go.  It all made no sense - after all, I had come to renew my life and get it in order, not to create new problems by feverishly dreaming of a man who was committed to celibacy. I would have to distract myself. No matter how.
But first, he wanted to read a little more. He had the time. Mycroft had assured John that he’d taken care of everything with Mary and with work, so he would have the time to read these missives. John wanted to take full advantage of this opportunity to be cocooned from the world, to read and think and decide exactly what he wanted to say to Sherlock.
"It is not a game, it never was," he replied, his voice now unusually sharp, "It’s lethal. Literally. And we can not allow ourselves to make any mistakes. I’m honored that you want to help, but your help is totally useless as long as your mind is ruled by other things. I’m sure you are a good doctor and an equally good soldier, but if you really want to help, I must be able to rely on you to use your gifts without any distraction - and I have strong doubts about that at the moment. "
"Impressive," I whispered as he took out one of the frames and showed me the honeycombs inside, on which about twenty bees crawled hastily. I could have watched him work for hours on end but I would rather have spent the time learning about the fascinating animals from him. He was just pushing a flat bowl with a thick liquid solution into the back of the beehive when I spoke.
The priest nodded again, then he left me at the door of my room and went on his way again. A glance at my watch showed that there was a little more than an hour left until I would participate at the Divine Office of the congregation for the first time. Everything still felt very strange and I began to understand that there was in fact a huge difference between Sunday service in my childhood and a four-week stay in a monastery.
His strange reaction during our conversation came back to my mind. What could he have seen in me that had caused his suspicions to disappear? Was it ... oh no. I could feel the blush of fire throbbing in my cheeks and then my whole body broke out in sweat. He could not possibly have realized that I.... On the other hand, I had presumably made him think that by speaking of the very intimate moments we had shared.
"The other novices brought them to me this morning before they went to class. - Oh, I think I have not thanked you yet for your gift! Please excuse me, I was really happy, it's just so ... "
My nerves were stretched thin - I had already recognized Brother Jonah in the voice, but now I knew who the person he was talking to was. Breathlessly I dug my fingers into the wood of the confessional and pushed my head through the curtain as far as I could without losing my balance. I listened intently to the silence but the conversation seemed to be stalled. Were the two men still here at all? Cautiously, I dared to move a little more, putting my foot on a narrow step directly in front of me - and the next moment I was startled by the noisy creak that my thoughtless step had caused.
An idea had come to him during his Tube ride home. A way to finally express what he wanted to tell Sherlock, in the way he did it best. No more fumbling words, no more half-expressed thoughts. No more sentences that he couldn’t seem to finish. Instead of haltingly trying to speak his feelings to Sherlock, he’d write them as responses to Sherlock’s messages. He’d finally face the demons he’d been feeling during those years: grief, pain, loss, guilt. He’d face his gradual awareness that he felt more strongly about Sherlock than a mate. He’d go through Sherlock’s notes and reply with what he was feeling at time time. Better than therapy, writing responses to Sherlock’s notes would help him work the two years Sherlock had been ‘dead’ out of his system. And it would allow him to tell Sherlock all the words that couldn't seem to get past the proper British reserve that choked him up when he tried to tell his lover just how very much he was cherished.
I almost expected her to demand that I identify myself, but instead she just smiled shyly, took a large-sized book from the shelf behind her and presented it to me.
"And what about you?" He asked, catching me by surprise, although I had expected the question that this question would come up eventually. "What brings a seasoned man - a physician, in fact - to the monastery? Stress at work? Or are you not at peace with yourself? I don’t want to insinuate anything, but you seem a little lost sometimes, if I may say so openly ... "
The man - Frank - looked at Sherlock like he was a one of South Florida’s legendarily huge cockroaches. “What’s this?”
. He saw the two years Sherlock had been deprived of this closeness and he saw Sherlock’s need for release, his need for control, his need to reclaim what had been his but had been touched by other hands, other mouths, other sex. John flattened his leg and dug in with both heels, the better to meet Sherlock’s hips with his own. He pushed Sherlock's pants down as far as the elastic would stretch over Sherlock's spread thighs, stopping at the tops of his thighs. He stroked Sherlock's exposed thigh then caressed his bollocks gently.
"I ... told you that it was William ..." He looked out of the big window as if in a dream and looked at the moon, which hung over the treetops and bathed everything in a silvery light, before he corrected himself with a gentle voice. "... that Sherlock was the one who helped the police bust the drug trafficking ring and bring those involved to justice. You asked me why he came to this monastery, though he knew we would meet here. "
When he got the results, John was devastated. It was a certain impossiblility for the baby his wife carried to be his. While he’d seen miracle healing, John didn’t believe in true miracles - and it would have been a miracle for him to get his wife pregnant.
“No,” he over-enunciated coldly. “I don’t want to get divorced. I just have an appointment tonight.”
, the words fell from his mouth naturally. And when John saw Sherlock’s immediate reaction - visibly widening pupils, slack lips, flushed cheeks - John was glad he’d uttered them. He grabbed Sherlock’s wrist roughly and hauled him up the final eight steps roughly, turning on him once they entered the living room and pulling him down again for more rough kisses.
He furiously tore the reading glasses from his nose and hurled them on the table with force; I almost feared that the glasses would break.
"I have already made the suggestion that you might take a retreat from everyday life to think and to be clear about what can give you back your life - and as you want to take a break now
"I like to take care of them," Brother Elijah replied, "I've been stung a few times, but I like the little things."
She took a step back, as if I had attacked her not only with words but physically. For a moment she was speechless, her lips moving silently like a fish out of water, but then she reached out and landed her fist on my nose. While I tried to stop the blood flow, she burst into tears, her face red with excitement and anger.
Groaning, John covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. He stroked in time with his own thrusts, rocking his own hips back into Sherlock’s pelvis then forward enough for Sherlock to get the friction he needed to come and come. Sherlock’s hips stuttered out of tempo but John’s rhythm worked him through his orgasm and allowed John’s to build. Soon John’s orgasm joined Sherlock’s, pulsing over their hands while Sherlock’s pulsed between John’s thighs. Their groans reached a crescendo together then they collapsed against each other, utterly spent and sated.
And now that things were settled, and they were both back home at Baker Street, both men faced Advent with dread.
I did not like anything about him, and I would have liked to leave immediately if it had not been for the hope that he could lead me to Sherlock.
“I would have informed you of the plan. I would have kept in closer contact. Please believe, John, I did believe you were doing a convincing job of acting like you were mourning your friend so that the world would believe he was dead. I silently applauded your act, up until the time you began dating Miss Morstan.”  Mycroft’s tone turned to a sneer at the mention of Mary’s name.
“Oh now, don’t scowl, young man. You’ve got such a handsome face, you don’t want to give yourself frown lines when you’re older. Even at your age, you’ve got to be thinking toward the future,” Mrs. Hudson said with a smile.
I rubbed my nose thoughtfully. I had only been here for a few hours and yet every conversation I’ve had today seemed to me like some kind of revelation. Had I really been so  blind regarding the simple things in life? Could that be the origin of my problems? That I was worried about vanities all the time without recognising what really mattered?
“Four hundred and twelve files. All of them messages from Sherlock.” John started at the sound of his own voice in the deserted house. He  double clicked the file with the latest date. His stomach churned while he waited for it to open.
"Is something wrong with Brother William?" he interrupted. His voice sounded as worried as mine now.
I jumped up hastily, spilling the content of the folder and my writing utensils onto the floor. To my surprise, the blond smiled indulgently and hurried to eliminate the mess that I had caused.
"This is our library. Please feel free to retire here in your free time and devote yourself to the study of the written word. "
He must have noticed my fascination, for he raised a finger to tell me that I might wait. He disappeared briefly in a nearby shed, from which he returned only a little later with a second beekeeper's hat and long, padded gloves that he handed me. He waited until I had put on the protective equipment, then grabbed me by the elbow and pulled me slowly to the beehives. Again he took the whistle in his mouth and blew a powerful smoke cloud in the direction of the baskets.
, forgive the man. If he did, and went back it all, Sherlock would set him aflame, consume him; he would burn like a magnesium fire until there was nothing left of John Watson, and he’d be an extension of Sherlock once again. And oh god,
bit of rebellion at his brother’s continued controlling grip on his life, too.) Even later, his blogger-turned-partner delighted in running his hands through the thick mess, tugging and teasing when Sherlock knelt between his knees.
"I've contacted one of Mycroft’s men and told him everything I know about what's happening here, so he can take the necessary steps to ensure Sherlock's safety. Although he probably already did that anyway ... "
I saw his urgency and followed him without asking any more questions. He hurried ahead of me, almost pushing an older brother who he met in the corridor out of the way. Without knocking, he tore open the door to Brother William's cell, slowing so fast that I just ran into him. Confused, I looked over his shoulder - before us sat the dark-haired monk at his desk, looking up from the notebook in which he was writing.
"My car is in the visitors’ parking lot. I'll get you to the hospital, we'll be back tonight, no one will know you were gone. "
John grinned, then broke into breathy laughter then nearly-hysterical giggles. It escalated until John was sobbing with laughter while tears ran down his cheeks. He felt himself break into pieces, the events of the past week catching up with him. Learning Sherlock was alive, the time he spent in the nondescript house reading, finding that Sherlock loved him, the first night he and Sherlock had spent together, facing the woman he’d loved across the barrel of a gun, disarming her on instinct, the arrest… it was nearly too much.
He motioned for me to sit on one of the blankets and sat down directly opposite me, our knees almost touching.
"He could have been close to me when he visited me in my room in the middle of the night. He knew that I felt something for him, but instead, he handed me some monk’s pepper tree to make me think clearly again. If everything was as you say, it would have been the ideal opportunity for him - we were alone and he knew only too well how much I wanted him ... And I thought he'd just rejected me for his chastity vow ...silly me!"
"This is the spot where the broken bottle of whiskey caught me when my father beat me with it. I can be glad that he missed my eye by a hair's breadth, otherwise I would be blind on this eye," I replied, pointing my finger to the places that had actually been injured. I never talked about him. I did not even think of him as 'my father', but I did not know another way to make Jonah see what alcohol could do.
He just shook his head silently and turned back to the animals, who were eagerly flying around us. I ducked away for a moment, as one of the little striped creatures came dangerously close to my cheek but otherwise I remained still. It amazed me that I was not afraid of stings but perhaps it was just the presence of this fascinating man who gave me such a sense of security that any thought of possible dangers immediately disappeared from my mind - even though he ignored me completely. I enjoyed the moment as long as I could - just the two of us, the bees and the spicy smell of burning herbs that escaped his pipe, white smoke swaths and first autumn leaves. It could have been almost romantic.
I shook my head as if to scare the thought away; it was just nonsense. What motive should Jonah have? Poison was generally the weapon of choice for jealous women ... I stopped. Jealousy. How many times had Jonah talked to me about William in the last few days and about the feelings he supposedly held for me? Again and again he had come to the conclusion that he would secretly give me longing glances; I had been given a drawing of William and Jonah made it clear to me more than once that Williams romantic interest clearly belonged to his own gender. Had he just wanted to test me to see how I responded to it? Did I say anything that could have aroused Jonah's jealousy and incited him into such a deceitful act? I pondered over these questions for some time but couldn’t come to a conclusion.
For a moment, I simply stood by his side and held his hand, occasionally glancing at the monitor to see if his pulse or heart rate changed-but nothing happened. The longer I stood beside his bed, the more desperate I became. Right now, he was closer to death than to life, and even though I barely knew him, the thought that he could die any moment was unbearable. As meaningless and unrequited as my feelings were to him, none of that changed the fact that I, in the face of his condition, suffered untold torments. Never before had I felt that way for another human being, it seemed like fate to me, meeting a man in a convent to whom I felt so deeply attached from the first moment, as we were destined for each other. And now fate had just decided to tear us apart. The Lord giveth, the Lord taketh. But for me, only one thing was certain - his loss would break my heart.
I must have misunderstood what he just said. It could not be otherwise. This had to be a dream, my hunted spirit that could not come to rest in the last days making fun of me. Only now did I notice the shy look that the blond gave me.
That could not be true! But he would not be able to get out of the way so easily. I was determined to speak to him and the day was long. I had come here to give my life a new direction and I would immediately begin to follow the advice Jonah had given me. I would face the challenges of my life. Running away was for cowards. And God knew, I was not a coward. Despite all my emotions, I had something to clarify and even if Brother William was deliberately evading me - that I did not believe, because he had no reason to - I would not give up until I had said what I had to say.
"Yes  Prior, forgive me if I give a different impression, but I'm just a little overwhelmed by all the new impressions."
Unerringly, I headed to the intensive care unit first - Jonah's message had unsettled me too much to have the necessary peace of mind to have a serious conversation with Brother Francis before I could be sure that Brother William was fine. Well, as good as a man who was comatose under the influence of an unknown poison could be ...
During the past few weeks, the dawning realization that the man of his dreams was drifting away had started to feel like a physical ache to John, constantly there, under his consciousness just like the ache from his shoulder. It began to color every waking hour and many of his sleeping ones, too - the ones when he lay in bed alone, waiting for Sherlock to come back from wherever it was he’d gone off to alone.
I could see how close he was to despair. I decided to take the first step and started signing to tell him that we could communicate with each other this way. My attempts were rather rough and I was sure that I made many mistakes but Sherlock seemed to understand me. Of course I could have just talked to him - his hearing was not compromised. Still, I desperately wanted him to see how much I tried; wanted him to know that he was worthy of not choosing the easiest way.
. The give and take that was sex with Sherlock, trading control back and forth again and again, neither ever really ceding but instead backing off enough to let the other take the lead for the night. Sherlock cradled John’s head, forced his mouth open and pushed his tongue in deep, stroking the ridge behind John’s top teeth. He forced his knee between John’s legs, grinding his hip into the growing bulge at the front of John’s jeans.
"I asked a few days ago, the nearest hospital is about twenty minutes away from here. It won’t be too long until someone is here ... just hold on, you've made it so far," I said to him and was terrified by the sound of my own voice - as frightened as I sounded, I could not calm anyone! The young monk suddenly started mumbling to himself.
I was glad to find a chair in front of the office of Prior Lambert, where I was able to put the young man down until Brother Elijah returned with the key. Just at this moment, a door opened on the opposite side of the corridor, and Brother William stepped out. A brief glance at his brother's bloodstained head seemed to suffice as a justification to grab me by the shoulders and push me against the nearby wall.
John’s torso shook with suppressed laughter. “You painted. For your parents. And you call that personal?”
"He's not really a junkie, not anymore. Just a little bit ... down on his luck. I thought you had sympathy for folks like him! "
I entered the almost sterile-looking room and approached him. I noticed that the room, unlike Brother Jonah's room - whose walls were painted in bright colors and had paintings of landscapes and two potted plants on the windowsill - contained hardly any personal objects. Aside from a pillow with the Union Jack on the head of his bed and a skull that sat on the bookshelf where it had a perfect view of the whole room.
Admittedly - that was probably not wrong on the Prior’s part. Nevertheless, I found it extremely unfair to forbid Jonah having contact with his allegedly seriously ill brother.
But all pretense dropped when the children lit the first purple candle in the Advent wreath, and their mother read a passage about the Hope it symbolized.
"Can we talk to each other, please? And please - stop pretending to take your vow of silence seriously. That doesn’t stop you from talking to others. "
He blinked again with his eyes and only then did I notice that he was not wearing his glasses. I looked around and soon saw them on the floor under a shelf - just how should I reach it, as long as the young monk clung to me? I groaned; this was far more difficult than I had imagined. Was the shelf stable enough to hold the weight of a grown man for a moment? I could only hope it would.
John laughed again, deep and long. “Not just sleeping with a spy,” he said affectionately. “In love with one. Imagine, you were working for Mycroft when I thought you were dead.”
I understood. I would like to keep that promise. I took all the time in the world as I opened each button of his outer garment in turn, even though I could easily have touched his heart thanks to his slender build. Still, I worked my way down the placket of the habit until my hands melt the cincture tied around his waist. I paused for a moment and looked up at Sherlock, who had been watching me closely all the time. Almost two weeks had passed since our reunion but we had not slept together even once - we had kissed and constantly sought the proximity of the other, but we had never gone further.
The young monk seemed surprised that I had remained in the room, unlike the others. I pulled up a chair and sat down beside his bed. He suddenly looked much younger after Brother Elijah had helped him to take off his black scapular, and he was only wearing a white tunic that otherwise was hidden underneath. He looked at me questioningly from weary eyes.
At least, I assumed he and his brother had the same last name-maybe I was a bit conservative in that regard-but even if his brother was married, the likelihood that he'd adopted his wife's name was rather small. The possibility that he could have adopted the name of his husband, I repressed I skillfully. After all, I could not automatically assume that it was the same in other families as it was in mine.
Was it so obvious? Or was his question simply meant in a friendly sense? I hoped for the latter, and answered accordingly.
Sherlock? Did Sherlock think he was writing only for his own benefit? “Of course. I’m writing them for you. About you, about me. About the time you were ... away.”
John’s mum had done everything she could to make sure her son caught Chicken Pox before he turned seven. As neighborhood children broke out in the rash, she arranged play dates. But no matter how many times John played with his feverish friends, even sharing drinking cups when his mom grew more desperate, he never came down with the childhood disease. When Harriet started scratching, Mum had John sleep in her bed - that didn’t work, since even as young children, they never got on. They spent a few nights hugging opposite sides of the mattress and ignoring each other.
John snapped back from wherever he’d been. He gave Sherlock a small, sad smile and laid a hand on his cheek.
He jumped up and for a moment I was afraid he would attack me again, then I heard the sound of a throat being cleared, loudly, from the door.
"Yes, you will be sitting over there with the novices. The seating is determined by the duration of affiliation with the Order. I would, therefore, like to ask you to take the seat next to Brother Francis, this is the young man over there who just set the tables. Which leads immediately to our next topic: Over there is a written plan of all the chores that have to be done, from helping in the kitchen to cleaning up. This naturally also applies to you so I would ask you to take a look at it, so you can conscientiously perform your assigned tasks in order to support the whole of our community. "
The pediatrician told John’s mum he was one of the lucky few that had a natural immunity to the varicella virus. Mum smiled, thinking g how lucky her son was not to have to endure ten days of itchy scabs and oatmeal baths.
Curious, I studied him as he tried to make himself comfortable without straining his injured leg, smoothing the fabric of his habit so as not to further enlarge the rip it received when he left the monastery and straightening his glasses. He took a deep breath, then looked me straight in the eye.
But Sherlock’s slick fingers trailed light as feathers over John’s cleft then back up over his perineum. He slid his slick palms over John’s already-slick skin, down his thighs and up again, cupping his bollocks, stroking once over his flushed-red erection.
"Please excuse me for kidnapping you so easily..." he began. His voice was warm and gentle with a slight Indian accent that made him seem very sympathetic.
"It's bad," I confirmed, "But it’s much worse when it eventually makes anything seem ok. When you blunt emotion and you don’t appreciate the value of a human life anymore. "
Not knowing what else to do, I made my way to the sickroom to await the novice's return; the calm and concentration of pursuing a day-to-day task, however simple it might be, had been completely lost to me. His drawing notebook still sat on the bedside table next to the rumpled bed and I thought wistfully of how harmoniously that day had begun - and how I had been happy about the drawing of Brother William! But wait - where was the drawing that Jonah had made of his fellow brother and given to me? A slight hint of panic seized me; What if I lost it? Frantically, I looked around the room, trying to remember where I'd put it when we left the room together ... there it was! Lying innocently on the windowsill, lit by the deep autumn sun, which broke through the glass of the window and painted strange colorful patterns on the paper. I stared at the perfect pencil lines for what seemed like an eternity;  they showed, in their entirety, the image of a man who seemed so in tune with himself that it was almost out of this world. I had heard him playing his violin only once, but the melody still sounded in my head, as if he were standing in front of me at that very moment, eliciting those charming sounds from his instrument. I began to hum softly, perhaps rocking a little bit and barely noticed how my throat tightened. Like a mantra I mumbled his name and ran my fingers over the paper until I finally managed to avert my gaze and look out into the garden. The leaves had turned reddish and were whirled through the air by the gentle wind. My eyes fell on the beehives in the far corner of the garden. It could all have been so nice; we could have spend a wonderful time together ... but life was rarely fair.
"I think I know that room. If I can’t find him there, I can give him the book after dinner tonight ..."
Although I could understand this point, at the same time it meant that I could not visit Jonah then, since I still had no access to the private quarters of the monks. And right now he seemed to be my only solace. I was well aware of how selfish my behavior was, but that did not stop me from resorting to a ruse.
John pulled out his phone, thumbing quickly through his contacts. There it was – he still had Mycroft’s number. He angrily jabbed the phone. Mycroft picked up after two rings.
Sherlock flopped to face the back of the sofa, flipping his dressing gown up and around his legs as he went.
"It’s unlikely that Francis is the mastermind behind the attacks. That means you two -  you and Sherlock - still aren’t safe ..."
"Brother Elijah has told me that Brother William has been hard on you when you took care of Brother Jonah and I would like to apologize to you on behalf of our community for this incident. However, for me the question arises as to how it could ever get so far. I had already informed you on your arrival that Brother William took his vocation very seriously - and this also includes his vow of silence, that he has never violated. He has never communicated in any other way than through his violin playing - and suddenly I have to watch as you both blast each other with mutual accusations! "
He just stood there and let the tears that had sprung into his eyes run down his cheeks, without making the slightest effort to wipe them off.
Never before had I met such a man - if he hadn’t been determined to dedicate his life to God and to leave everything else behind him, then women's hearts would certainly have been his. And also those of many men, the part of my subconscious that I had long tried to suppress added. The thought that someone like him had renounced the world voluntarily to be locked up behind high monastery walls instead, made goose bumps chase up and down my back. Although it was clear he certainly did not experience it as confinement. What had caused him to impose such a burden on himself? Had he suffered a severe stroke of fate? Or done something he now wanted to atone for? As much as I myself was hoping to draw strength and confidence from my stay in this convent, at the same time the idea of spending my life here seemed so strange, day after day following the same old rhythm of work and prayer endlessly. Nevertheless - or perhaps because of it - I admired the curly headed man for his decision.
After completing Mass, the brothers left the church as usual. Jonah could barely contain the radiance that graced his face since the Prior's handshake. He was so glad to finally be a Brother. Suddenly, however, he paused for a split second before an expression of incredulous astonishment crept over his face and he nodded, face shining, to someone in the church aisle. Curious, I looked around and saw - Sherlock! In a wheelchair and accompanied by his brother, he had come.
“I’m here to notify you I’m leaving. You cannot hold an adult against his will without a court order. As of yesterday, I am considered a legal adult. I’m here at my parent’s consent, not a court order. So, Dr. Hines, goodbye. I did want to let you know that your clinic is one of the better ones I’ve seen. Keep up the good work, I’m sure you can help the average addict but I am a special case.” With that, Sherlock picked up the duffle bag into which he’d hastily stuffed his meager belongings, closed the door behind him and walked quickly out the clinic’s front door with an almost imperceptible sigh of relief.
John happened to glance around and catch the eye of a tall, pale onlooker standing in the back. And Sherlock happened to pause and glance around at just the right moment.
In an almost tender gesture Jonah took my hands in his and looked me in the eye; his eyes were so full of softness that I could barely stand it.
Alarmed, I reached for his arm, pushed the sleeve of his robe up and took his pulse while I put a hand on his forehead. His skin was warm, but not hot, the pulse slightly elevated, and he still held his head.
"If I find your door unlocked tonight, we'll talk. Until then, you would do well to equal me and practice silence."
"I will get straight to the point, Dr. Watson - did you take Brother Jonah to the hospital to see Brother William?"
John decided to read the rest of the messages later, at Baker Street. He’d even like to read them with Sherlock, so the detective could fill in details. Perhaps he could even get Sherlock to tell him what he was feeling and thinking while writing each message. John realized it was easier for Sherlock to tell his feelings in writing than face-to-face, just as it was for John. But if they were to have a healthy relationship - with no walls between them - they’d have to start talking about things, no matter how painful.
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock cut John off impatiently. Sherlock leaned sideways, keeping his hip firmly connected with John’s body, and jerked open the drawer of the bedside table. He fished out a bottle and tossed it onto the bed.
John reached his hand along the length of the sofa and laid it on Sherlock’s ankle, over the monitor that has been firmly attached there for a year, ever since Mycroft’s deal concluded. It was the best they could hope for and Mycroft paid for the deal with blows to his career. He was still an important man, still an unseen mastermind in many government affairs, but he longer was the embodiment of British government.
The young man breathed deeply and straightened his shoulders. I often did this gesture myself and knew only too well what it meant. He wrestled with himself, fought an inner struggle, which he was afraid to lose. Now it was necessary to maintain as much attitude as possible.
The next morning began with a self-revelation during breakfast - I simply couldn’t get Brother Jonah's response to the letter out of my head. My attempts to take a look at him during the Complet or early mass had failed miserably because of the poor light conditions inside the church. Also, I was not sure if the fact that Brother William was assisting at the altar this morning and the way he gave the bread and wine to the Prior with graceful movements of his hands didn’t distract me a little.
Next to me, a snort sounded and prompted me to turn to Brother William in astonishment. He appeared to be as deeply absorbed in his work as he had been before.
He might as well have been back in the dreary bed-sit he’d occupied before he met Sherlock, for all the enjoyment he had in life.
John laughed softly and conceded the point. “I still have to talk to Mary. To explain things to her.”
"I’m serious about that, Jonah," I continued, unperturbed. "You need rest, you won’t feel good when you get up every few hours and kneel here for half an hour on the cold ground."
"He went nowhere, he returned to his place in the choir and prayed. Just like before. That's why I thought you came back and took him to the hospital. "
They ate in silence for a little while but all too soon, Sherlock began to fidget. He’d finished less than a third of his fish and hadn’t touched his slaw when he started glancing at his watch, then his phone. Its text alert had continued to chime while they ate. John couldn’t see the sender from across the table and it irritated him further that Sherlock didn’t mention who it was.
"Just because he's in a coma doesn’t mean he can’t feel anything. We can’t know what is going on in his head right now and I find it absolutely inhuman to leave him alone right now. "
After I had poured him a glass of water and placed it on his night table, I wished him a quick recovery and told him to call me at any time if he felt worse. He nodded and thanked me one last time, whereupon I left the room and closed the door quietly behind me.
The feeling of wanting to sink into the ground in shame suddenly overwhelmed me. Mutual accusations - how long had Prior Lambert been standing in the doorway? Had he heard how I had approached Brother William on his nightly visit to my room? Or the honey ...? Oh my God. My whole face felt like flame and I would liked to have fled immediately.
Just as John set the last of the cutlery on the table, Sherlock emerged from the hall focused on the phone in his hand, thumbs flying over the small keyboard. Sherlock’s hair was carefully styled and gleaming with product. He wore his black shirt, John’s favorite, and snug-fitted suit in a gray so dark, it could have been mistaken for black if not for the contrast with the shirt. Sherlock stopped in his tracks when he saw the carefully-laid table. John watched his husband’s eyes flick to the food on the worktop to the baking pan on the stove. A line appeared between his brows as Sherlock and fiddled with his cuff button.
"Tuesday night I couldn’t sleep and I sat down in the church to rest. And at the same time ... I accidentally, I never intended to eavesdrop on anyone ... "
Kissing, licking, hands roaming. Rutting, sliding against Sherlock’s hardness. The sensations - new - curl his toes.
spend his life in the monastery. I mean - don’t get me wrong, I like it very well here, the way you stick together and help each other selflessly is really impressive and I can imagine how deep your faith is ingrained in each one of you ... but have you ever thought about a. .. "
A heaviness seemed to settle into the atmosphere once they crossed the threshold to Sherlock’s room. John sat on the edge of the bed and pulled off his socks, watching as Sherlock shed his trousers. As Sherlock straightened up from removing his socks, John surged up and captured him in a tight embrace, crushing their lips together once again. Sherlock moaned and eagerly returned the kiss while pushing John’s boxers down over his hips until they fell to his feet, where John kicked them away. He cupped John’s face in his hands and wrested control again, kissing aggressively while he walked John back toward the bed, then pressing John’s shoulders until he again sat on the mattress.
"It fascinates me that he knows so much about nature, herbal medicine, beekeeping - these are not exactly topics with which one is normally occupied as a friar, right?"
As the men and women moved forward to take communion, I decided to take a closer look at the rest of the worshipers but without letting Brother Jonah out of my sight. If there really was someone here whose presence worried him, Jonah would surely not sit quietly and not show a reaction. As he returned from the altar to the choir loft, he cast a fearful glance at the assembled church before he lowered himself onto his knees for silent prayer. Immediately it occurred to me that, unlike his confreres, he did not close his eyes but continued to look out over all those who formed a line before the altar steps, waiting for the the two fathers who distributed the consecrated host. To my astonishment, however, his face did not change. Had the person whom he had seen leave the church? With very heavy movements, he fell back to his seat, buried his hands in his lap, and closed his eyes. He looked terribly exhausted.
"John - it was your presence that brought him back from the coma, your closeness, the sound of your voice ... you're the one he needs now. Not me. He made a decision. And he chose you. "
Two weeks later, the day arrived for Jonah to mark an important turning point in his life: the day on which he would commit himself to the Order for three years. As he had found out in the meantime, the vote to admit him into the ranks of the brothers had gone without a single dissenting vote. This had not been self-evident in view of the accusations and all the quarrels he had been at the center of. The only drawback for Jonah on that day was that Sherlock was unable to attend this momentous event, though he was obviously pleased that I kept my promise and returned to the convent once more.
I muttered my agreement and began to wonder what I had just gotten myself into. So much for contemplative monastic life.
John did, moving slowly and carefully to avoid reopening the healing wounds. When he was done,  Sherlock stood and took the loose ball of bandages from John’s hands then retreated to the loo once again.
"That's why I wanted to speak to you. Like I said before, I do not think it's good for him to be alone so often - I know that you care about him, but even you can not keep an eye on him all the time. When do you think he will be able to participate in religious life again? "
John hissed a breath between his clenched teeth. “Okay, then, Mycroft, I suppose this is your form of apology.”
"The next hospital is about a 45 minutes drive away, the examination takes another 20 minutes and that’s it. You do not have to stay there, but we would be certain that there is no cerebral hemorrhage. "
"Of course," I replied and nodded encouragingly, "But stop blaming yourself - you can not help it, you might as well have eaten the chocolates yourself. The one who sent them to you is the only one to blame. And that's why you should finally call the police now. "
He fell silent and looked at me questioningly, before he mumbled something to my reproving look that sounded like 'It doesn’t matter...'.
I cleared my throat, thinking about my chances. Could I dare? Well, it was probably the only option I had ...
"Nothing can be so bad that you have to get drunk to not be confronted with it anymore. Alcohol is not a solution. Never."
No matter how hard he tried, he didn’t manage to completely dispel my doubts; there were just too many tiny details that didn’t fit together - his long absence, after he had been so eager to rescue Jonah, his sudden appearance here in the monastery, and especially the detail that was so obvious, that it was not just me who would have noticed.
Then it hit John.  He sucked in a breath like he’d been punched in the gut, followed by a soft “oh.” He slowly lowered himself to sit on the floor beside the sofa and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s back. He didn’t say anything - speaking without thinking got him to this point, so he considered carefully what he wanted to say.
"I didn’t recognise that my behaviour bemused you so much," he replied softly and suddenly, distantly, rose and reached for the herbal bundle to make it disappear again in the folds of his habit, "I will try to prevent you from worrying about these things from now on. Good night."
"I can’t find anything extraordinary," I replied, deliberately imprecise, as I was not quite sure whether William was just as much affected by my touch as I was by his.
I didn’t know how to react to this accusation but in some way, I could understand where his resentment came from.
"Indeed. You can see how he reacts quite recently ... But anyway it was to be assumed that he would not be able to withstand the pressure any more ... "
Straightening in his chair and unfolding his legs, Sherlock regarded his partner cooley. “People seek out Sherlock Holmes for my
"That does not matter. I need someone who can peel potatoes and cut onions. Guess you'll get this, at least better than our dear Jonah - he'd almost cut his thumb in his last attempt. By the way - where is he? "
prick! That’s not the point.” John dropped his grip and stepped back half a step, cocked his arm and threw a right hook to Sherlock’s upper arm. Sherlock stumbled back against the sink with John right behind. Spittle flew from John’s lips as he grabbed the back of Sherlock’s neck and drew him down to eye level. “
It was well past midnight when Sherlock came upon a fenced-in business yard. Trucks of various sizes were parked in neat rows. He scanned the building and noted the security cameras placed at each corner of the roof. He found a spot in the fence where the chain link was loose against a pole; the two wire brackets that held it in place were slack. It was a matter of minutes for Sherlock to work them loose and slip through the resulting gap. He tried the doors of trucks until he found one unlocked. Grateful that the truck was one of the larger ones, he hauled himself up into the cab and stretched out across the seat. There was enough room for him to lie flat, with his knees bent. A pillow would have been nice but Sherlock improvised by bending his arm under his head. He quickly drifted off to sleep.
What hurt most was that John didn’t act the least bit happy to find Sherlock alive. Instead, he seemed furious that Sherlock hadn’t died.
He stood aside for Mycroft to enter. Mycroft remained standing, facing John with scowl – obviously waiting for John to speak first.
"No, no problem. He’s probably right, I can’t run away from my problems. It's just ... sometimes it’s not that easy. "
That’s why Sherlock was shocked to silence when John presented him with a small box wrapped in green and red paper, tied with gold ribbon.
The vexing issue which had already marked our previous sessions. My lack of trust in other people. I sighed and put my hands on the arms of the soft leather chair, just about to sit up and leave but my opponent called me back.
The blond looked up at me, examined the drawing in his hands critically and then looked at me again.
Fascinated by the letter’s unusual contents, I approached and tried to grab it, but the monk pushed the seeds together and into his slightly arched palm, poured them back into the envelope and carefully locked it in a drawer.
She turned away and left the room; she did not hide the fact that she cried from me nor from my sister. Never before had I felt so guilty. I had told the priest of this experience, and I was already expecting a stiff penance. Instead, he told me to repay the stolen money from my pocket money and apologize to my mother, which of course I did immediately.
Brother Elijah promptly informed the Prior of the latest news, who announced the good news during the Vigil, with a request to continue praying for Brother William’s quick recovery from his injuries and recover fully. On the other hand, he never mentioned Brother Francis. Had he got word that Brother Francis had attempted to murder his brother and probably was behind the poisoned chocolates? Unobtrusively, I glanced around and spotted Jonah in one of the back rows of the choir stalls. Sitting back in his original place could only mean that suspicions had been dropped against him. Relieved, I breathed out. In the few hours of my absence a lot seemed to have happened. Briefly, I thought about speaking to Jonah at the end of the nightly prayer, but he seemed to have already guessed my thoughts and whispered to me as he passed, a quiet "morning" accompanied by a smile. I went back to my room, firmly convinced that after the events of the day I would not sleep a wink - but as soon as my head touched the pillow, I fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.
"I ... I did not do it!" The blond stammered, looking around for help; however, none of the other brothers seemed to want to back him up. Once again, he began to defend himself, "I was not in the room at all when it happened, I left the room with you when the bell rang! What reason would I have to attack him?"
The friar gave a snide snort, but followed his superior, who gave me a disapproving look, out of the room without any further contradictions. I was aware that he’d stirred up trouble by talking with me and that I was not entirely innocent but on the other hand, he had been the one who had repeatedly violated his vow from the very start. No one had forced him to take the vow; couldn't one expect an adult man to consider the consequences of a widespread decision like this? I was ashamed of this thought, but inwardly it filled me with satisfaction that at last someone would bring him to terms. He had been so gentle and kind to me before, and so arrogant and repulsive in the past few hours, but that didn’t change my attitude toward him. And yes, it annoyed me that he treated me as if he suspected me of a crime even though, through his abilities, he had long been aware of the fact that the relationship between Brother Jonah and myself was just friendly.
As soon as the Mass was over, Jonah rushed to Sherlock and pulled him into his arms. Sherlock smiled and returned the gesture, but it was apparent that his limbs were not yet properly obeying his wishes. Excited, I approached the small group. How would they communicate with each other now? Despite Mycroft's appeal not to do so, I had told Jonah the truth about what happened to Sherlock because, unlike Mycroft - who considered his opinion the only correct one - I knew that Jonah could handle the truth. And I was right.
During the entire trip back to the monastery, I thought about my strange encounter with Mycroft Holmes. This man was not only unpleasant to me - he really scared me. His advice to keep away from his brother clearly sounded like a threat and I did not doubt for a moment that he would find ways to deny me any contact in the future.
Okay, shut up, Sherlock. Shut up. The first time we met—the first time we met—you knew all about my sister, right?
I cleared my throat and did not know what to answer. He had such a high opinion of his mentor that I did not want to mention the dispute that preceded his expulsion and so I decided to tell him only half the truth.
“We went sledding, all the kids. The adults came, too. The sledding hill was in a cow pasture but the cattle were all in the barn. A frozen creek curved around the base of the hill. We'd hit the creek after coming down the hill and slide for what seemed like forever.”
"- see that you are present on the day of my profession and not in the emergency room of your hospital!"
Sherlock rolled his head against John’s shoulder. “I have two years’ MI6 wages, untouched, in my account. We can live for years off of it if we’re frugal.”
“I’ll write down my brother’s number. I’m sure the clinic has called my parents by now and they’d have called him. They’re all bound to be in a stir. You’d be doing them a favor by calling, letting them know I’m okay.” Sherlock was pleading now. This interrogation had gone on to long - his nerves were shot, and he hadn’t even used the cocaine he'd scored last night from the man who sat in front of him. Sherlock hoped Frank wouldn't frisk him and find the baggie in his sock - the baggie Frank would surely recognize. Frank seemed to shaken up to recognize the shirt and jacket Sherlock wore as his own. But surely the man would recognize it all, and realize that Sherlock had burgled his office, if he found the drugs.
"I can visit him every now and then, Father Andrew too, and I'm sure the other novices will take care of him. Is there anything else to consider from the medical point of view? "
!” John erupted at Mycroft, frayed and at the end of his patience. “It was Sherlock! It wasn’t some silly woman. It was
The first door he opened was a bathroom, the next a bedroom. He entered and sat heavily on the double bed and pulled out the laptop and powered it on. He plugged in the flash drive, quickly stripped down to his pants and vest then turned down the pale blue duvet and slipped into bed.
I turned to see a young man with tangled blond hair and grubby clothes lounging on a bench in front of the British Museum, staring straight at me.
John had come to him, started it all, lunged up and pulled him down into a passionate kiss, mouths crushed together almost cruelly. He’d pulled at his clothes, ripped buttonholes, desperate to feel skin-to-skin.
John remembered the feeling of a true relationship with Sherlock. The thrum of excitement through his veins when he returned home, running up the stairs because he couldn’t wait to see the person he loved again. The discussions, debates, challenging each other, even calling each other insulting names that were really endearments.
After toweling off and finding his pants on the bedroom floor, John went in search of Sherlock. He found him sitting at the kitchen table with a glass of water at his elbow. Contrary to Sherlock's usual habit of either sinking deep into thought or filling every moment with frenetic activity, Sherlock sat quietly staring at the kitchen wall.
He’s going to shake apart - and he can. John doesn’t have to be the one to lead, direct. He can take -and give, secure in the knowing that Sherlock will get off either way. The relief, the knowing; he giggle-sighs at the thought. Sherlock hums in reply and rolls them iover. John on top.
"He was extubated yesterday morning, and was diagnosed with damage to the vocal cords and larynx, apparently caused by the poison, which currently makes it impossible for him to make anything other than incomprehensible sounds."
While everyone else rose and left the church, Jonah remained in his place, immovable like the figure of St. Benedict standing in a niche near the sanctuary, his eyes fixed on the opposite row of the choir stalls. I was still wondering if I should go to him and take care of him when he slipped forward in a single fluid movement like fainting - the question of whether I should intervene had been dealt with and I went to him without another thought. It was not until I was standing in front of him and wanted to put a hand on his back to support him that I realized that he was not unconscious, but had dropped to his knees to pray. Latin words, spoken so softly that I could only understand fragments. I felt an urge to help him, to console him, though I also felt as if I needed some comforting words; yet I did not dare interrupt his prayers. If that was something that helped him, gave him support at such a moment, then I would be the last one to disturb him. I was about to turn away from him when a quick glance into his eyes made me freeze - they were as empty as a dead man’s. Jonah was clearly in shock. I had to act, even if it meant disturbing his devotion. Carefully, I grabbed his shoulder and quietly called his name. He did not react.  He just kept muttering and did not even bother to shake off my hand. Persuasion did not help; he was as if in a trance, completely withdrawn and unresponsive.
“When I was five, my family visited a cousin’s farm for Christmas. I don’t even know where we were. Somewhere out in the countryside with gentle hills. It snowed quite a bit.”
Slowly I let my hands slide over his face, then over his neck and a little way into the collar of his shirt.
Sherlock followed Saul into the air conditioned coolness of a large foyer. He looked up to see the molded plaster ceiling, two stories above, with an ornate brass-and-crystal chandelier hanging from a thick, brass chain. The walls were papered in seafoam green and peach geometric designs and the marble tile floor bore a darker green and orange Oriental rug. The air smelled of a pungent scent that Sherlock knew well, one he’d hoped to find again the night before: marijuana. Saul led Sherlock to a living room off the foyer, where a faint haze hung in the air. A color TV blared General Hospital loud enough to hurt Sherlock’s ears - Sherlock knew the daytime soaps from the day room TV at the rehab clinic. They had been
He moved around the table, which suddenly seemed a physical metaphor for all the things that had separated them the past few months.
After I had started the job at Bart's, I no longer showed up at our weekly meetings. At first I had called her secretary with ever new excuses invented to move the dates with her, but at some point I had given up calling at all. I no longer needed her help, at least I thought I  was able to lead a normal life as a civilian.
John found everything he needed in the nondescript detached suburban one-story house. He’d been too upset to even notice the direction the car had taken. He didn’t know what part of the city he was in and was too tired to care. He found containers of prepared food, bottles of water and cans of lager in the white refrigerator. Thinking that he didn’t want to face what was coming on an empty stomach, he warmed a plate of roast beef and potatoes then ate it quickly while standing at the kitchen counter. Afterwards he cracked a can of lager, picked up the laptop bag and folder and headed down the hall.
Brother Francis, who always sat next to me at the dinner table, seemed to share my concern. "I’ve never seen him like this at all," he murmured, glancing after Jonah, who had just pulled the door closed behind him.
For a moment, Jonah was silent; it seemed difficult for him to digest what I had just said. When he had succeeded, he looked up at me again.
He had not said much during his nighttime visit, but the words were firmly anchored in my memory. I was still trying to continue the conversation, especially since I no longer had to fear that he was taking my comment amiss - on the contrary, what just happened seemed to me like a reasonable ground for suspecting.
I nodded understandingly, though I had not realized the extent of the whole game of hide-and-seek. Maybe Jonah was right that he and Sherlock were very well able to take care of themselves - or that they at least knew the right people who could see to it that nothing happened to them. I did not like to admit it but in a way I was glad that Mycroft had such a big influence on his brother's life.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table in Baker Street holding an ice bag to his nose. The bleeding had stopped but he needed to control the swelling and prevent bruising. His laptop sat open on the table in front of him, the secure website on the screen. He’d logged in as the administrator for the first time since his jump. He scrolled through the messages with dates starting the day after his “suicide” up to two weeks ago. He sighed when he thought of all those messages, waiting for John, and John never knew about them. The status of every message showed UNREAD.
I gasped for air; wanted to say something, but did not say anything while Jonah just looked at me with an unfathomable look.
Sherlock doesn’t change much after things are finally settled with John. He still stays up all night, insults people, eats too little and smokes to much. There’s only one change - and John cherishes it.
Still shaking with mirth, Watson pulled Holmes’ ear level with his own mouth and whispered an explanation.
However, before we left I wanted to convince myself that Jonah was really alright because he still looked very pale; and he was not well after his concussion even by far.
"I just wanted to ..." I stammered, probably not far from being labeled as a nervous wreck by Brother William.
He let his head loll forward, chin on chest, as tears sprouted into the inside corners of his eyes. God help him, he
my head without warning and I thought it was in fact a hint from above. I immediately started to implement my scheme. I had never been particularly religious but just the prospect of something new, something completely unknown, excited me tremendously. Maybe this experience would actually help me find myself. What could go wrong? It would be just four weeks - and I could leave anytime if it didn’t seem to be working for me. So why did I hesitate? For heaven’s sake, I had invaded Afghanistan - and now I was afraid of some monks?
Of course he did not answer, but he peered into my eyes, as if searching for an answer to a question that only he knew. And he held my hand a little too long.
Watson reached up to caress Holmes’ smooth-shaven jaw. “Don’t give it a care, Holmes. Mrs. Hudson had quite a scarlet-tinted past. Our secret is safe with her. Now pass over another twiddle diddle. I find them most appealing.“
My answer seemed to please him, because he smiled and led me down a hallway, one side of which seemed to hold a number of offices, with a staircase leading down on the other side of the courtyard with its magnificent gardens, with quite an impressive number of flowers blooming despite the advanced season.
"Wait here a minute!" He begged and scurried down the hall towards his room. He returned a short time later with a worn, leather-bound book.
"Normally you would find him here around this time, unless he is devoted to herbalism, then you might find him in the garden. There is also a small shed right next to the kitchen where he occasionally researches the development of herbal remedies - some kind of laboratory, you know?"
Only now did I see that there was another picture under the sheet of paper he had just given me. It was evidently the drawing on which he had been working when I entered the room, for it was not quite finished yet; nevertheless, one could clearly identify who it would represent.
“Of course I followed you. Good thing, too. I saw it all through the kitchen window. Spot of good luck that Mary never put up any blinds in the kitchen, isn’t it? I called Lestrade as soon as she pulled the gun.”
"They didn’t smuggle in Francis - one of them told him about Jonah and me, probably knowing his hatred for gays. And then they just had to wait. But they didn’t have the opportunity to send a replacement for him after Francis was caught. "
I keep intending to write a chapter of short vignettes to wrap up the story but they keep evolving into entire chapters. Sorry for the long wait, but you'll notice that I increased the chapter count by (another) additional chapter. I do have the last chapter written. I just need to wrap up a few things before we get to that final chapter. Thank you to anyone who is still sticking with this fic!
John reveled in the new sensations: the hardness of the top of Sherlock’s cock sliding against his perineum, the glide of the bottom of it against his thighs, the nudge of its head against his bollocks on every stroke. And the
, wanting more contact. Again Sherlock took John’s wrist, this time guiding his hand to Sherlock’s arse. Only too happy to oblige, John threaded both hands up the legs of Sherlock’s pants and squeezed handsful of firm flesh. Sherlock groaned and ground against John, hips dipping to press in all the right places, his eyes locked on John’s.
He nodded contentedly and began his lesson without further delay as I pulled Jonah's arm around my shoulder and accompanied him out.
“Two then, that’s enough. I need to check in at the surgery about my job, while I still have one.” John rolled toward the far side of the bed and stood. He watched Sherlock roll  onto his stomach, taking the place John had just vacated.  John looked down at his long back, beautiful except for the white medical tape. No, beautiful even with it.
Sherlock still didn’t know that John had been struck by a random biker in front of St. Barts Hospital. He didn’t know that John had had a concussion, and he didn’t know that concussion had resulted in John forgetting most of the rooftop conversation.
He went into the bathroom and took a long, hot shower. He found a thick white terrycloth robe hanging on the back of the bathroom door. He went into the bedroom and pulled out a few drawers of the dresser. He found pants, socks, pajamas and t-shirts in a variety of sizes – obviously provided for the occupants of the safehouse to use. He found boxers and a t-shirt in his size, donned them quickly and slipped into bed.
The man who’d discovered Sherlock sleeping in the truck appeared. Frank continued, “Take this skinny puke home. Tell Martha to feed him and put him to work. He can scrub the toilets or something. Tell her to keep him busy until I get home.” He glowered at Sherlock. “Make yourself useful, Billy, or I will make that phone call.”
The conversation had been more relaxed than I had ever dared to hope so I headed for the hospital just before noon.
He licked his lips, stalling for time as he glanced around the kitchen to assess the situation. He stopped stock still when he noticed the ring he’d bought but had hidden in the back of his sock drawer, now twinkling on the third finger of her left hand. It was obvious that she’d found it while he was gone, taken it out of the box and began to wear it. He hadn’t asked her to marry him, not really - Sherlock had interrupted his hesitant, faltering proposal.
think? Why are you even bothering to ask now?” John’s hands fisted at his sides. “Did it ever occur to you to ask
"Outside," he signed, "My brother is on the board of a clinic where I can learn to speak and walk again."
John closed the laptop and sat it on the floor beside the bed. He patted the mattress beside him and watched silently as Sherlock slipped off his shoes and trousers and climbed into bed. He began to unbutton his shirt as he settled back onto the pillows John had propped against the headboard. When Sherlock had finally shrugged off the shirt, John shifted to face him and took his hand.
"No. And I will not tell anyone about it either. I want to help you. But I can only do that if you can help me. "
I scolded myself for thinking such things of one of my closest confidants here in this monastery, because the longer I looked at him, the harder my heart became. I began to understand that he could do little else but immerse himself in his prayers when he did not want to mentally dull his mind in the small room that had few other distractions.
Hope dies last - in my case, however, it was just in mortal combat. The symptoms were too unspecific to risk forcing vomiting - the danger was too great that the poison would burn his esophagus and throat and even his respiratory tract. I wanted to do something; I despaired at the certainty that there was nothing I could do. It seemed like an invisible wall that I could not penetrate; instead, I watched helplessly as he grew weaker and weaker.
Sullen, I returned to the monastery and wandered aimlessly through the dimly lit corridors. The monks had probably just gathered in the common room or had retired to their rooms to read or rest for a while. There was an almost eerie silence and I would have preferred to also retire to the cozy room with the roaring log fire and enjoy the company of the other men, after doing so much on my own today, but just as I passed the doors to the library, I decided to look there again; maybe I could find out anything else inside.
I sat down in one of the front benches and stared at the candle which, protected by blood-red glass, hung down from the ceiling in an elaborate gold frame, and cast the Lamb of God on the front of the tabernacle in a gentle light. The Eternal Light. Sign of the everlasting presence of God. Symbol of the Most Holy, concealed behind the closed door.
“Yes, alright. I’m coming,” John babbled as he fitted together the events of the evening in his sleep-fuddled mind.
"Doctor Watson - and I urge you to believe my words. Mr Holmes is in the greatest danger! This priest ... "
Stepping out the door would mean facing the world, facing his decision - Mary or Sherlock? Stepping through the door would make it all real. Cocooned in the sparsely decorated house, John could pretend to himself that everything would work itself out. He knew he was being childishly optimistic, but at the moment, he took comfort in the thought that everything would be okay.
He nodded generously, then walked past me, brushing my arm as if by chance. I slowly followed him out into the hall, hardly daring to follow him, but he stopped suddenly. Again he raised his eyebrows, almost blaming this time, but I did not understand what he meant until he pointed to the clock on the wall above the entrance of the refectory. Ten to twelve - time for midday prayer. I had no choice but to continue to follow him, though at a reasonable distance.
I apologize for the long delay in posting this chapter. I had computer issues and was without access for a few weeks. Thank you to readers who stuck with the story through the long hiatus!
"Could you please come back another time? Mister Holmes just has a visitor and I don’t think you should go in there now. "
John shouldered the door shut while juggling his keys and two takeaway bags. Mrs. Hudson’s door stood half open as if she’d been waiting for his arrival. Just as his foot hit the first stair, his landlady poked her head out into the foyer.
Who cared about social conventions when it came to life and death? The thought that this could be the last time I could feel him so close terrified me. He didn’t seem to care, for he was now leaning his head against my shoulder and readily allowing the touch. Even through the thick cotton layers of his habit, I could feel him trembling. Involuntarily, memories of my time in the military returned; there, too, I had seen men who could disguise anything else, but at a certain point, approaching death, they panicked, screaming and crying and unable to calm down - and almost always their fright had proved to be justified and the worst had happened. I tried not to think about it any longer in order to be able to assist the man at my side. His head still rested on my shoulder; I leaned slightly against it, so I could feel its full curls through my thinning hair.
"The two seemed like secret agents or something ... like out of a bad movie. I never learned who they were and I'm honestly not keen to know. "
John huffed a laugh to cut Sherlock off. “But it wasn’t with the cleverest man in London. You know just what I like.”
"What I'm really talking about is ... well ... do you think it advisable to leave him alone with his problems? Until this morning, after all, he still had Brother William, who stood by his side, but now - after these terrible news? "
John glanced down at their twined fingers then up again to find Sherlock’s face begin to relax in understanding. “Better than Ella,” Sherlock murmured.
"Stay here at least another day or two. You need to sleep, it does not help when there's such a commotion in the corridor in the middle of the night, when everyone else is going to the Vigil. "
"Well, as calm as one can be in his presence..." I muttered, hoping at the same moment that he had not heard me.
"It is possible, but the advantage is that my stay here is for a limited time and you do not have to see me again so you shouldn't regret that you entrusted me with these things."
On my way to the refectory, my gaze fell on the schedule and I could see that I would be responsible for lunch together with Jonah and Brother Elijah, whom I had not yet met. I could only hope that they did not expect me to cook ... in my apartment the flyers of various take-out restaurants piled up for a reason. Nevertheless, I was quite willing to use the opportunity for a short conversation - if Jonah allowed it. As frightened as he had been since yesterday, it was quite possible that he was now trying to get rid of everything - and everyone.
"Our perceptions seem to vary," I replied, suddenly quite calm. "After all, you presumed that I had harmed Brother Jonah while I just tried to help him."
I myself spent the rest of the free time trying to explain to the other brothers who were curious as to precisely what had enticed a former military doctor to live behind monastery walls for a month. It was quite funny how quickly news of my career had spread - and they say that women are the ones that spread most gossip!
. They were finally home, together, and Sherlock’s insult sealed it. Everything else could wait until morning. They had lost time to make up.
"Can I join him?" I asked the rescue physician, who pushed the stretcher with Brother William on it down the corridor, accompanied by one of the paramedics, but he only gave me a critical look.
“I will never take this for granted,” John growled fiercely. He felt Sherlock smile against his shoulder.
“Now, there, that’s better. Come over here and sit down. Tell me all about how you came to cross paths with Frank. Imagine! Breaking into Frank’s building yard! He must have been livid!” Mrs. Hudson chuckled and her eyes twinkled at Sherlock again. She sat on the sofa and patted the seat beside her.
He smirked. "You do not have to ingratiate yourself with me, just show me if you can get along with pots and pans."
Frank looked Sherlock up and down. He took a cigar out of the top desk drawer and took his time clipping the end then lighting it, not glancing at Sherlock again. When a glowing coal was well established, Frank took a long draw and looked directly into Sherlock’s defiant eyes. “So tell me, kid. What are you doing in my truck?”
Admittedly, I only drew my detective knowledge from the novels of Agatha Christie, but this one seemed quite odd to me. I also doubted the seriousness of his vows - well, maybe the aspect of celibacy would not really matter to him if Jonah's statement had been serious. He’d shown no real interest in ... well ... physical interaction. But as much as he and his fellow brothers seemed to proof different, I doubted that he would stick to his vow of silence after his conversation with Prior Lambert. He simply did not look like the type of man who could keep his mouth shut for a long time, especially when he felt the need to correct others.
Once again I was more than happy not to have to talk during lunch following the service. Too many things went through my head to concentrate on a normal conversation. I retired hastily to my room; I was not expected until the afternoon for lessons, and I wanted to try to get back to myself. My gaze fell upon the book Brother William had given me. Briefly, I thought about continuing reading it, but quickly rejected the idea because the thought of it revived images of this morning. His finger between my lips. How I had sucked on it, and my incisors had just slipped along the thin skin ... He had only briefly looked at me at our first meeting and had known so many things about me - what did he think of me? Even in my mind I was ashamed to admit it, but presumably he drew exactly the right conclusions …
Sherlock remained silent; his chest ached a little at John’s sad expression. Of course John hadn’t hated Christmas as a child. That dislike came out of adult experiences - lonely Christmases in a hastily-constructed Army base in the Middle East, Christmas at Baker Street with a forgettable girlfriend, grief filled Christmas in a lonley flat thinking his best friend was dead, and Christmas of lies, deceit and murder. Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but John spoke first.
"Now I finally have something like a family again," he whispered with emotion, before straightening up, smoothing out his habit and lifting his chin in the air.
That’s why John was shocked and appalled when Sherlock revealed to him - during his wedding reception - that his wife was pregnant.
One plate after another found its way into the holder, so that I hardly kept up with the drying. I tried to keep up with his pace, but the more I strained myself, the more erratically I grabbed the plates, without looking at all - and suddenly I no longer felt the wet porcelain under my fingers, but warm skin slightly softened by water and detergent. Startled, I jerked back and knocked the plate I’d been reaching for to the floor. It burst into two halves, a clean break directly through the center and with no chips.
I continued my search at the desk where I had seen Brother William sit so often in the last few days and pulled open one drawer after the other. I riffled through the loose papers on the desktop... nothing. The documents he kept there were devoted exclusively to religious topics or beekeeping. The letter Jonah had received was not there. Frustrated, I turned to the last piece of furniture that I had not yet examined - the bookshelf. Unfortunately, I found nothing there to give me a clue - only the skull still stared at me from empty eye sockets and seemed to mock me.
I rummaged in my jacket pocket desperately for a pen and paper, on which I wrote down my mobile number and handed it to Sherlock.
"Through this holy anointing, the Lord will help you in his abundant mercy, to help you with the power of the Holy Spirit. The Lord who frees you from sin, save you, in His mercy he will raise you up. "
John shook his head. “Not yet. I’ll finish my first note tomorrow. You can read it then.” He stretched his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and drew him close, savoring the warmth and vitality of Sherlock’s wiry body. “I can think of better things we can do tonight.”
"What were you expecting? The fact that I have, on account of special circumstances, contravened my vow, also abdicate all other obligations which I have vowed to obey? Believe me, there is not the slightest reason for this. I will repent in due time for my transgressions, but it should be clear to you that it is not for you to judge my actions. I am not accountable to you. "
If I told him the truth, I would probably get Sher ...- brother William, I corrected myself hastily in thought - into trouble, so I gave him a simple 'No'.
John held up his hands in front of him, palms toward Mary. He spoke slowly and soothingly. “Okay, Mary. Just, um ... Put that down, okay? We can talk. Let’s sit down. How about you put that away? And turn on the kettle? We can talk over tea.” He edged toward the kitchen table and drew out a chair for Mary, then slowly scooted around the table to the other side. He stood behind his chair, facing Mary and the still-poised gun. “Come on, sweetheart. Let’s talk this out.” He sat, smiling reassuringly and leaving both hands in sight, flat against the table. The sound of his heartbeat thudded in his ears, nearly drowning out all other sounds in the room.
At that moment he must have seen someone, for he beamed and waved to a person who seemed to be behind my back.
Sherlock’s grip on John’s thighs tightened more the longer John stared at him without making a reply. No matter how tense things were, he didn’t really want it to end. He just wanted John to be
I quickly took a flower vase from the windowsill, dumped the stale water, refilled it at the room’s small sink, added some of the liquid hand soap from the wall-hung dispenser to help dissolve the oil and poured the water first over his hands, then over his forehead, careful not to touch the cannula in the back of his hand or his breathing tube - screaming for help the entire time. Under no circumstances should any of the unknown substance enter his bloodstream or his mucous membranes. Just as I was screaming for help again, the door flung open and two women - a nurse, a doctor - and three men in police uniforms stormed the room. I tried to summarize the situation in two sentences and was promptly pushed aside by the medical staff who pushed Sherlock's bed and all the necessary equipment out of the room in no time, while the police officers devoted themselves to Francis. I, too, had run over to him and tried to grab him again.
Sherlock holds his breath. A lot. John begins to notice little gaps-in-breathing in his partner more and more. Not wanting to be too intrusive, but concerned that Sherlock may have an undiagnosed medical condition causing his system to misfire, John brings it up casually over breakfast one morning.
Mrs. Hudson noticed his eyes linger on the ashtray. “I don’t believe you’re old enough yet for an herbal soother. I’ve got a bad hip - helps with the pain.” She patted her hip as she spoke.
A sofa faced the TV, its back to the doorway of the room. A small figure rose from it and turned toward them. “Oh, Saul! Come in, come in.” A petite middle-aged woman rounded the sofa and approached them. She took Saul by the elbow and drew him to one of the chairs bracketing the sofa. “I was just watching my soaps. And who is this?” She turned to Sherlock with eyes that were red-rimmed yet still bright and alert.
find himself. Now the only question is whether you were stationed in Afghanistan or Iraq, is it not?"
“Hello, who are you?” A woman dressed in a white uniform with blonde hair caught up in a hairnet asked. The logo on her jacket said “Roost” in lurid pink embroidery with a multicolored parrot perched on the T.
His memories of the events of that day were hazy. It’s true he’d struck the pavement head-first. He’d been dizzy and disoriented when he regained consciousness. His vision had been blurry, his ears had been ringing, he’d been nauseous, dazed and confused. He pressed a hand over his eyes when he realized he’d missed symptoms any first-year med student would have easily seen. Signs that he had, indeed, suffered a concussion.
"A honey extractor," I pointed out unnecessarily, watching him scrape the wax from the honeycombs, and then put the frame with the filled honeycombs into the stainless steel lined interior. He closed the lid again, stepped aside, and waved to me. On the side of the extractor was a small crank which started the device. He placed a small vessel under the opening at the bottom and I began to spin. It was, though there was only one frame inside, much more difficult than I expected - how could he manage to use the extractor when it was completely filled? It offered space for four frames, which if they were filled would be a considerable weight. Obviously I had been deceived by his lanky physique.
Watson choked on his mouthful of biscuit, inhaling crumbs and proceeding to a full blown coughing fit.
Sherlock had learned to look anywhere from five years younger than his age to five years older just by adjusting the set of his shoulders and the way he carried his head. Over the years he’d also learned to blend in with a crowd by adopting similar postures and gestures to those around him. He had no doubt he’d be able to pass among the nightclub’s patrons without being detected.
forgive you. You’ll have to pay for a while, but I will. You’ll see.” She pressed her lips together and gave John an expectant look.
John thought to himself that every word his sister spoke seemed to have a double meaning. “Yes. It does.”
John took Sherlock’s hand as if he’d done it a thousand times, not as if he’d never interlaced their fingers before. He pulled their joined hands to his lap and let them rest on his thigh. Sherlock’s eyes widened and one corner of his mouth lifted briefly but he didn’t remark on John’s action.
I looked at the young novice. "I can imagine your reaction didn’t necessarily please the gentlemen ..."
Faster than I wanted, my last day at the monastery had come; my departure would take place after the common lunch. It was a Friday when traditionally, in memory of the suffering and death of Christ, meat was not served and luxury foods such as coffee were dispensed with, but to be honest, I couldn’t eat anyway. I would never have thought that parting from the brothers would be so difficult, but there was no other way. We lived in completely different worlds and even the most beautiful time must come to an end eventually.
Sherlock had taken a seat at the kitchen table while John spoke. He sat forward when John fell silent, an eager expression on his face. “Go on.”
He’d attributed all of these symptoms to shock over Sherlock’s shocking death. But all were also classic signs of concussion. Amnesia surrounding the traumatic event – another classic symptom of concussion. Everyone on the scene had been focused on Sherlock. No one had checked to see if John was alright. Everyone at the scene was also a part of the act, except the random bicyclist who had ridden in unexpectedly during the act, so they’d been focused on playing their part – too focused to pay much attention to the bump on the head that John had received.
He stepped even closer to me and began to unbutton my shirt, not giving himself as much time as I had before. Jeans and pants followed and I hurried to strip my shoes off  and kick them into a corner of the room along with my socks. It seemed completely surreal to me, to stand naked in front of each other and for the first time in my life, I actually felt bared in the truest sense of the word. There was nothing I should have feared now that I had finally achieved my dreams - and yet my body seemed paralyzed and the - admittedly utterly absurd - thought entered my mind that I was not worthy to touch something as pure as the body of the man standing in front of me.
Now he knew that the source of his excitement had been captured, beaten, rescued and written him a message one-handed from a hospital bed? Now, John burned with shame at the ordinary evening he’d spent while Sherlock poured out his heart with one hand because the other was strapped into a brace.
Mycroft walked around to the far side of the back car. John opened the door nearest the curb and was surprised to find Sherlock seated in the middle of the rear seat. Smiling, John slid in beside him and pulled the door shut. After Mycroft was ensconced on the far seat, the driver pulled into the sparse midmorning suburban traffic.
I sat down on the bed and pulled out my bag, stored my clothes in the dresser on the opposite side of the room and finally put a small, blue-white patterned notebook on the nightstand. Ella’s instructions for me to write down everything that happened in my life had echoed through my head again and again and I decided to really try it this time. Yes, I would write about all the things that I experienced here. Hopefully, in the end this book would contain the spiritual development I so badly demanded to become acquainted with, along with stories about all the people I met. I would write about all that could fill my life with meaning and in a few years I might leaf through these notes, remember this time and smile fondly.
"May I ask you something?" I blurted out as I set the plates on the tables, while Jonah followed with the cups.
Mycroft nodded slightly. “I have already taken care of that. I suggest you make use of the house and give this your undivided attention. I’ve also notified your clinic you will need a leave of undetermined length. Paid, of course.” The corner of Mycroft’s mouth lifted slightly.
I had begun to read the book that had been laid on my bed by someone yesterday evening. Well ... not
Sherlock leaned forward eagerly. “There’s no such thing as coincidence. The universe is not that lazy.” He leaned back into his seat and rattled off deductions without much thought: “You need someone to take the load off your back. Construction is only one of number of businesses you own. You can’t find trustworthy managers to run them. Someone is dipping into the till at one of your establishments but you can’t narrow it down, so you don’t know who.” Sherlock stop to swallow. “Give me an hour there and I can tell you who has their hand in the cashbox.”
And after? After, John remembers who he is. He leads his exhausted lover to the ensuite, seats him on the closed toilet lid, and tenderly shaves his precious face.
He shook his head and looked attentively at me, as if waiting for more questions. I cleared my throat, unsure what my next question was, but I wanted Jonah to calm down.
"There's no need to worry about it, it's not customary to sleep undressed, we just take off our clothes for showers."
I sighed softly and thus attracted the attention of Brother Jonah to me, looking at me quizzically and setting the plate down which he held in his hands.
"Yes, but I don’t know where they are at the moment. He just wrote down his brother's address and phone number here. "
. For two years, I grieved for you.” John grew more furious with each word, until at last the rage got the best of him and he reared back and head-butted Sherlock in the nose, blindly wanting to inflict even a fraction of the pain on Sherlock had inflicted on him. John fled the deli, flagging a cab as he hit the sidewalk.
"But ... if the chocolates are not from you - from whom then? We usually do not give birthday presents to each oter here except for flowers or cakes - simple things you do not have to buy. "
“Well, it was kind of Frank to lend you some clothes. Though it looks like you’ve used them rather hard in such a short time. You’re all wrinkled.”
each other. To John, that’s why their marriage worked; mutual respect and trust. And if John sometimes had to stifle a frisson of doubt - well, it was his own imagination running wild, wasn’t it? His petty jealousy wasn’t Sherlock’s concern. It was John’s own to deal with. His price to pay for having a gorgeous, talented husband.
The sun was high in the sky when John woke. Sunlight stabbed his eyes from the narrow slit between the curtains. He sat up, reeling with a pounding headache and overwhelming need to piss. He staggered to the bathroom then to the kitchen. He grabbed a water bottle from the fridge and downed it in a single gulp. He opened cabinets and drawers and eventually found aspirin. He downed another water bottle with the aspirin then opened the fridge to find something for lunch. He grabbed a plated meal, heated it in the microwave and sat it on the dining room table. He quickly fetched the laptop from the bedroom and clicked on the next message in the queue.
. But then Sherlock had the advantage of knowing this John was alive while John had believed Sherlock dead for that amount of time.
Sherlock sat back immediately and looked up at John with a wry expression. He narrowed his eyes and John knew he was deducing him. “You’ve been having sex three - no, four times a week for the last few months. I am surprised that hasn’t lead to better self control …”
“Yes! I said MI6. Who do you think sponsored my campaign against Moriarty's network?” Sherlock grinned mischievously. “How do you feel about sleeping with a spy?”
had never sounded so decadent in Sherlock’s mouth and John wished he had a mind palace to store the way Sherlock said it just then. John squeezed his thighs and Sherlock groaned and John joined him, not even trying to stifle the sounds bursting from his throat.
Remorse crept over me as I walked through the garden at dusk, past the apple trees, which were now almost completely harvested, and the flowers, whose blooms slowly faded to be replaced by colorful autumn leaves. The cool evening air penetrated my bones, making me shiver but when I finally reached my destination, I felt warm immediately. The outer wall and the trees with their low-hanging branches offered the hives a little protection from the weather and in spite of the advanced season one or two bees were still visible in the air. The same meditative calm that had seized me while working among the hives with William captured me again now as I pulled the protective gear out of the shed. I put it on and started to provide the bees with nutrient solution. I would take care of his tiny animals until William could do it himself again. It seemed like a deal with a higher power: If I could make sure none of his bees died, then William would stay alive too. It was a completely absurd thought but at the moment it was the only thing that kept me from going crazy with fear.
Jonah hesitated as long as he could, but when he realized I was not going to give up quickly, he sighed.
Sherlock responds with, “Breathing is boring,” just as John expected he would, so John continues to observe his partner closely.
“Just make sure there’s a computer in the car Mycroft. Leave Mary out of this.” John fought to control the quiver in his voice.
the simplest things? It’s just good manners!” John’s voice rose to a mocking tone. “Sherlock, turn off your phone at the table. Sherlock, hang up your bath towels. Sherlock, close the cabinet doors. Sherlock…”
As during his migraine attack, he refused. What reason could he have to resist so obstinately any form of medication, or even a hospital stay? I decided to ask him gently.
"I'm not supposed to worry?" He replied sharply, "Seriously, John? Without me he would never have been in this position, without me he would not have to fight for his life - it's my damn fault he was poisoned, do you understand? If I had not given him those bloody chocolates, he would be perfectly healthy by now. If he dies, then it is my fault alone! "
He nodded approvingly and I was glad to have done something right in his presence. Unfortunately his work was finished quickly. He closed the flap of the bee-basket, took off the gloves and the beekeeper's hat, and took back the protective clothing he had given to me. He stowed it all in the shed.
The bus ride to their suburban flat gave him time to think. And time to regret that he hadn’t picked up flowers when he was in the center of town. Now, he’d need to walk many blocks out of his way to get flowers, so he decided to skip it and head right to Mary’s flat.
After that everything happened very fast. I took him by the arm and led him over to the bed, as he had done to Jonah earlier. Brother William's condition seemed to worsen with each passing minute and I preferred that he be lying down in case his circulation failed.
"No, I do not think so. Any community, be it the army or a convent, thrives on its members being able to rely on each other. That everyone knows his place and the task assigned to him and fulfills his duty to the best of his knowledge and belief. And that presupposes both the existence of hierarchical structures and the readiness to fit into them. I never said that would always be easy, but it is necessary, for the benefit of all. "
John slid his hands down her arms until he could grasp her hands. “No, it’s more. Um, personal. Come on, let’s sit down and have tea. We can talk.”
He nodded sympathetically, pointing to the direction of his office with intent. Grateful for the support, I followed him there.
"Everyone who hears him play for the first time reacts like that", the elderly monk who brought me here whispered, "Our brother William is a downright genius."
He never begged, but extreme circumstances called for extreme measures. “Please, Frank.” The watery note in his voice wasn't an act. Sherlock was terrified.
For a moment, I thought my heart had stopped beating. I looked up at the man who towered over my head and who walked slowly around the table and stopped in front of me. In a painfully slow motion, pulled back the veil from his face.
want it.” John heard the weariness in his own voice. Anger gone, he could now feel his heart cracking apart behind his sternum at his own words: Divorce - he’d said it out loud. But, he thought, Sherlock was the one who stiffened when John as little as tried to kiss him goodbye these days. Sherlock was the one who treated John more like a flatmate than a beloved spouse.
Keeping the news to himself, John spiraled into depression. He began avoiding his wife, cycling to work to avoid having to talk to her in the car. After work he mostly lay on the sofa, staring at the telly, not even noticing what was on.
I snorted... Don’t make me laugh! And I was worried I'd hurt him with my snide remarks! In the end, he was the one who ran around and manipulated people. My gaze fell on the book that still lay on my bedside table. We had spent such wonderful hours together ... and now I doubted it was all true. Did I not have a ton of reasons to suspect him? How many times had he now violated his vow? That wasn’t something a person who took these things seriously would do. I dropped onto the bed and stared at the ceiling. I would skip the vigil today.
Quite leisurely, William opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out an inconspicuous, square box wrapped in light-green paper, which he handed over to Jonah.
"Do you remember what I told you the last time I was here with you? I meant every single word exactly as I said it. Only I would like to tell you again when you’re awake. Can you do me that favor, huh? Wake up, then everything will be fine again, I promise. "
With my hands buried in the pockets of my jeans, I retreated to my room, deeply insecure after what I had just experienced, because now there were two things that occupied me: the way Brother William had looked at me - and his relationship with Jonah. The two men seemed to know each other amazingly well, because otherwise I could not explain the knowing smile that they had exchanged at the subject of sibling rivalries. For a brief moment it occurred to me, if it could be that the two were not merely brothers in terms of their religious affiliation, but might actually be blood relatives. I  ruled that out quickly, for there was not the slightest evidence in their looks.
John swallowed, a little too overcome by what he’d been writing to answer. After clearing his throat and blinking a few times, he finally looked up at his dear friend. “I’m writing a note. To you. To answer the last note you wrote to me, from the Serbian hospital.”
"Could you please call a doctor? Brother Jonah is injured, an open wound on the back of the head, suspicion of head trauma - is there a sick room and a first-aid kit? "
John bought an extra carton of milk and supplies to make shrimp scampi. Sherlock brought home a bottle of good Chabli as an accompaniment.
Following Saul up the steps, Sherlock looked around. The property was surrounded by a tall, decorative iron fence but there was no gate. A portico at the top of the steps was held aloft by thick limestone pillars. Glossy black, double front doors with frosted sidelights sat in the shadow cast by the portico’s roof. Saul reached for the doorknob and a shiver of anticipation raced up Sherlock’s spine. He wasn’t sure where this misadventure was headed, he wasn’t even sure if he’d make it out alive. He didn’t even know Frank’s last name or why he’d relented and cancelled the call to Sherlock’s brother. But one thing Sherlock felt in his bones: whatever was on the other side of that door would shape his life in a way he couldn't even conceive.
"I already told you, John - Mycroft carefully investigated every single person  Jonah and I came into contact with. Incidentally, you're only here today because you passed his test, otherwise he would never have allowed me to send Billy to lure you on my trail. "
"Then maybe it's better if I accompany back to your room now, there you can take a rest and maybe try to settle in. At 17:30 the bell tolls for vespers, after that we retreat to the refectory for dinner. If it is all right, I'll send one of the novices, so he will pick you up in your room in time - I would imagine that it is not quite easy to find your way here at first. "
His voice was suddenly very gentle, as was his gaze, which rested on the light of the flickering candle, the pupils dilated unnaturally by the dim light.
"What about him? Is it because he was a little ... repellent before? You seemed to be quite relaxed as I came back into the kitchen, or have I been wrong there?"
Miami is not a walkable town. Sherlock knew he needed to head downtown to score some junk, but he was stranded in Coral Gables with no money and no mobile phone. He didn’t even have the $1.25 for bus fare. He lifted his face and sniffed - his nose told him which way was east by the hint of ocean underneath the exhaust fumes and general city grit in the air. He shouldered his bag and started walking. The sun beat hot on the back of his neck; the underarms of his white T-shirt were soon ringed with perspiration.
The ceremony took less than ten minutes. It was a slow day at the registry so there was no delay. The officiant asked if they’d like to add anything to the brief vows. They looked at each other. Sherlock shrugged, his body language telling John the decision was his. John said that the regular vows were good enough for them - the less fuss, the better.
There was nothing I could say to it, staring into the brownish liquid in the white plastic cup. If only it was not too late ... One thought still occupied me:
John swallowed and nodded. As long as he kept her talking, he could buy time. He just had to keep her placated. With a feigned smile, he reached across the table for her hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “You’re right, Mary. He did do all of that.” It was a throw-away answer but seemed to satisfy her. She smiled and picked up her mug, wrapping both hands around it.
I snorted, a little sympathetic, but did not reply. I wanted him to be the one to make the first step and talk to me about the things that mattered - but it seemed he wasn’t willing or even able to do so. Now, however, he looked at me in the warm light of the candle, tilted his head slightly, and studied my expression as if he were dissecting a frog - but fortunately he did not use a scalpel in my case.
Mycroft hadn’t said he couldn’t leave the house, so John decided to take a walk to clear his head. He left the laptop on the kitchen table then tried the front door. It was locked and there was no lock mechanism on his side of the door.
A slight flush came on Jonah's cheeks as he turned away, ashamed. "He didn’t have another choice after I broke his nose ..."
“No,” Mary said softly. She gave John a slight shake of her head. Her eyes still sparkled and a small smile played at the corners of her mouth.
It was not long before the emergency physician came in, who in wise foresight carried with him all the necessary supplies. The wound was sewn and then he checked Jonah's reflexes and his pupillary reaction.
I turned to the policeman, who eyed me critically and obviously wondered why I was sneaking around the area, occasionally throwing curious glances into the buildings’ entrances and mailboxes.
“Oh my dears, I can hardly believe it. And couldn’t you have given me decent notice? I’d have bought a dress and a new hat.” Mrs. Hudson fussed at them as she drew first Sherlock and then John down to kiss their cheeks.
The flat Sherlock where had moved back to London was on Baker Street, a stone's throw from the Tube station. We had to make a strange presence wandering the streets of London, Sherlock still in his beekeeping clothes, the hive clamped under one arm, the other clutching his cane while I carried a box of honey jars. Sherlock himself had been inclined to just drop everything, the memories I associated with these things were too important to me to just leave them behind. Even before he could find his key, the black-lacquered front door with  '221B' in golden letters, was opened by an elderly lady in a flowered dress.
Thoughtfully, I slipped back into my room, closed the door behind me, and leaned against it. I did not want to see or hear anyone. My eyes fell on the clock. Twenty past nine, there were still a few hours to go until the vigil - but did I really want to participate? I was undecided whether I was keen to meet Jonah and William - who I thought was the second interlocutor - in church. On the one hand, I was still ashamed of having overheard the two of them, on the other hand, I felt betrayed by the two men with whom I had built something which came very close to a friendship in the last few days. Or, as for Brother William, perhaps even more ... I was still shivering when I thought of his honey-coated finger between my lips. I did not need to pretend - whatever I had seen in him was probably never more than a perfidious game to figure out how I would react to such stimuli.
"It’s alright," I reassured him, got up and went over to the cupboards on the wall. The usual remedies were available and so I found what I searched for quickly. I sat down on the bedside, opened the large orange plastic box, and shook out two small white tablets, which I handed the novice along with the water glass.
Had there ever been a man whose words sounded so sad? My hands trembled and my heart beat wildly in my chest. His, on the other hand, did not devote a single extra beat to my confession.
Would it be the date they met in the lab? The date John moved his things into Baker Street? The date he moved back after the Mary incident? The date Mycroft delivered John’s divorce decree? The date John closed the gap that had always yawned between them, and pulled Sherlock down for their first kiss? Or the date John finally moved his things downstairs into Sherlock’s bedroom?
"Community," I added. "Such a cohesion I only in the army. And I think that's what I've lacked since then. "
The next thing John knew was Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder, shaking him awake. Sherlock stood over him with a towel draped around his shoulders and another tucked around his hips. “John, there’s a supply of bandages on the kitchen counter.”
However, I had no time to think about this any longer because as soon as I parked my car in the monastery’s visitor parking lot, I saw a face at the gate I knew all too well. With weak knees I got out, walked over and stopped in front of the gray-haired man who had his hands folded over his chest and looked at me over the rim of his glasses.
"Have a nice day," Jonah exclaimed, before joining the other novices and heading to his classes as I slowly walked toward the slender, curly headed friar.
"The way he behaved in the last few days ... well, how could one describe this condition? Introverted, but not in a good way. I admit I've been worried about him since his
More turned on than he’d ever been in his life, John was already on the edge. He wanted to come - but he also never wanted this to never end. “Sherlock, I’m close,” he gasped.
Sherlock lay on the cold terrazzo floor with John’s hands clasped around his throat, stunned. John had reacted badly to his surprise. He’d acted like he was
Here's some rough sex to make up for the long wait. And to anyone who continues to read despite my irregular posting schedule - thanks for sticking with my fic!
The day after his 18th birthday, Sherlock knocked on the clinic director’s office door. Without waiting for an invitation, he turned the knob and let himself in. Dr. Hines, the Director, stood in alarm.
I left his office almost two hours later. Talking with Father Andrew was like a therapy session: I felt neither insecure nor pressured, had he had not assigned me any new tasks that I had to do in the next two weeks. The only task that lay ahead of me, I had taken on myself - I would look for Brother William.
... to turn off life support? In my opinion, it was too early for such a decision. Sherlock was young and physically fit, his chances of survival could not be as bad as they wanted me to believe. I stormed back into the lobby and to the public telephones; My cell phone was still in my apartment in London, where I left it when I left for my stay in the monastery. It was not until I raised my finger to dial that it occurred to me that I did not have Mycroft Holmes’ number. And someone like him, of course, was not in the phone book. I had only one choice: I called the monastery.
. It seemed to echo through the small kitchen, to the living room, and down the tiny hall to pollute their bedroom. Could anything in their home be saved from it’s horrid infection?
"I honestly have never seen a swarm of bees close up and was curious. Brother William took his time to show me everything, it was a really nice gesture. It’s been incredibly fascinating. "
Taking a bite to give himself time, John watched Sherlock carefully as he took a tiny bite of fish and another sip of wine. Finally swallowing, John took a drink of the really excellent wine before speaking. “No occasion. Can’t I cook a nice dinner for my husband? To thank you for taking care of me. When I was, you know. Hurt.”
“Well, Mycroft, I’ve learned a lot these past two days. First off I’ve learned I had a concussion I didn’t even recognize, and post-concussion syndrome I attributed to grief over Sherlock’s death. I need to ask your forgiveness for the way I acted during that time. Please understand, I truly didn’t remember most of what Sherlock told me from the roof of Barts.”
"You promised me something," he whispered, dropping the book carelessly to the floor and walking toward me until only a few inches separated us.
"Shouldn’t someone go after him?" I asked, puzzled, for it surprised me that the other brothers had been aware of his change of mood but apparently were not willing to go after him, although that might have been necessary.
"He never told me. And I never asked. If he is serious with his vocation, and he has found the right path, then I will support him as much as I can. What was between us is no longer important. "
And afterward, walking home together, neither mentioned how they’d come to be in the same place, at the same time, on the first Sunday of Advent, when they both hated the Christmas season. They really didn’t say much at all.
The edge of the sink dug into Sherlock’s sacrum where John pressed his weight against Sherlock’s body, pinning him to the sink. “
I drew in a sharp breath and shook my head. "You are wrong, Jonah. There was never anything between us and there will never be. "
Out of sheer desperation, I lifted the mattress but there was nothing there besides the slatted frame. Behind the mirror and under the bases of the two reading lamps, the result was equally sobering. At a loss, I went through the books scattered around his desk again, but again I did not find much, except for a small handwritten note that had been used as a bookmark in a book about the different bee species, in one place dealing with the wood bee, an insect species: "We sometimes ask so much for being angels that we forget to be good people."
It was time to face the truth and admit to the feelings which could no longer be denied: I was attracted to him. A lot. I wanted him in an almost primitive way and could not take his eyes away from his shapely body, my brain could not stop to let upon the images in my mind's eye, the hands that dug into dark curls and flawless pale skin under a sliding black habit. The thought sparked guilt in me, and I blushed and felt restless. I gritted my teeth until they gave off a resounding, unhealthy crunching. I only had one choice when it came to doing the right thing.
"I may not be strong, but I can defend myself when necessary. If you want to survive on the streets, you learn that damn fast. "
Immediately after he recovered, the novice looked around frantically, but did not find what he was looking for.
"I will not leave you alone," I whispered, clinging to him as if I could wrest him from Death’s grip. I continued to listen to the beating of his heart, slowly calming, until at some point I fell asleep against his chest.
"I just want to understand it," I whispered placidly and waited until he finally looked at me and began to speak with a deep sigh.
"He studied chemistry and pursues it with a passion - even though his main focus is currently on herbal medicine. His vow of silence protects him from unnecessary small talk, which suits him well. People respect him, but don’t bother him. He doesn’t have to worry about anything, because he is satisfied with his basic needs - everything else is superfluous luxury, which he abhors anyway. His brother has always been a daunting example of how too much money can change a person. And as far as sexuality is concerned ... "
And now? Now that they’d both gotten off, now that they’d both cleaned up? Now that Sherlock had asked for his help dressing his wounds? Would Sherlock want to talk about it, or would he rely on the missives he’d written to John and avoid the topic? John winced and wished he’d taken more time, read more of the hundreds of notes, not just spot-checked. He would have had a more complete picture of just what Sherlock had suffered while he was away, of the scars mapping his once-flawless skin, of the wounds scoring his back.
“I wish I could suck you while I fuck you,” John spoke without thinking, letting his frenzied thoughts fall from his mouth in time with his strokes, “I want to do
That Father Andrew sounded just as worried as I was the crucial point that drove me to act promptly. I would find a way to gain access to Sherlock's room.
"We finally had to make him aware of my presence here and keep Jonah safe while I was in France," Sherlock signed.
"It's not my place to ask for something Brother Jonah’s been denied before. I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, but that's the rules. "
No, this couldn’t be true. Not Jonah. He, who was so honest and so good-natured and who just loved William very much, yes, once even loved him dearly - why should he hurt anyone? Were the accusations that Francis had made merely an attempt to distract suspicion from himself? Or was everything completely different than it appeared? Was it possible that Jonah had been trying all this time to deflect trouble? Because he himself was the culprit? Could I have been so wrong about him? I decided to be as neutral as possible for the time being and kept myself in the background until the paramedics arrived and took Brother Francis away. He had lost a lot of blood and possibly even needed a transfusion.
"Such a mischief," I countered sharper than intended. I didn't mean to be rude but accepting praise for something that wasn’t my doing was not in my nature. I tried to steer the conversation in a different direction.
I blushed a little, he had met with his answer but the nail on the head. "Yes, something like that ..."
"Someone who by an unlikely coincidence bears exactly the same name as you. Come on, Doctor, let's go for a little walk. "
"It can have all sorts of reasons ...", William replied. He rose lazily and searched for a handkerchief.  He first cleaned his finger and his ear, looking into a small mirror attached to the side of his cupboard, then wiped the blood from his neck.
He put a hand in my back and pushed me into a nearby room that was equipped with several round tables and comfortable chairs. A small fire crackled in the fireplace and some daily newspapers were lying on the mantelpiece - though not the lurid tabloids that had always been found in the lounge of St. Barts.  Open  cabinets held various board games and there was a bookshelf, too. A broad grin crept over my lips when I inspected the books: The selection ranged from Agatha Christie and French poetry books to Stephen King. My mental image of deadly serious monks who did nothing but pray and read the bible was completely destroyed. The air around me buzzed with a happy chatter - some monks exchanged ideas, played a game of Parcheesi, sat by the fire enjoying the warmth, or made music. The sound of a violin wafted over to me from the far corner of the room and I turned around abruptly to see who was eliciting such magical sounds from the instrument; I myself had not even made it through more than two years of clarinet lessons in school and since then I had always felt a great admiration for people who mastered an instrument to perfection. And now that person stood before me in the shape of Brother William.
Eyes closed, John drew in two long breaths through his nose. His lips were pressed into a line so flat, Sherlock could no longer see any of the smooth mauve lips he loved. John opened his eyes and  stalked into the living room, stopping in front of Sherlock. “You are Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective. You aren’t just a man any longer. Sherlock Holmes is a
Sherlock does, too, and even tries to stifle these smiles when they overtake him, but he’s unable to control the paroxysm of happiness that reconfigures his facial muscles.
He woke up flushed and feverish the next morning, too weak to even get out of bed. As a Captain, he had his own CHU. While living in his own container housing unit was usually a plus, when sick, it had the drawback of not having anyone to check on him. Too weak to get up and find his mobile, John thrashed in fever-dreams until he missed his scheduled shift. His CO sent a sergeant to check on him, who promptly arranged a bed for John in the hospital he was meant to be staffing.
"I lied to you," he confessed, "and I think I only made things worse. Sherlock ... came here for my sake. To protect me. "
"Jonah told me why you entered the monastery. That you wanted to protect him. I can’t put into words how much I admire you for being willing to make such a sacrifice for him ... Only I wonder ... well ... now, hopefully - everything is over and Jonah isn’t in danger anymore ... if you will go back to the monastery or if you ... well ... I don’t know ... want to live a 'normal' life again?"
"As you probably know, our brother Francis was injured in a fall last night and was taken to the hospital for treatment. May the Lord in his goodness grant him a speedy recovery."
Again, he tried to open his eyes and let me pull him up and lean his upper body against one of the barrels. My eyes glided over the surroundings, looking for a way to support me to pull Jonah to his feet. Only now did I see the blood that stuck at the edge of the barrel before which the young friar had lain. I had a completely new idea, and I reached for the broken bottle, which lay on the side of the boy. No blood. Not the smallest droplet. I held the lower part of the bottle under my nose and grimaced - gin, clearly. Except for a small sip, it had been completely emptied. The question from whom no longer bothered me. I could not tell exactly why it was, but the fact that he was drunk and obviously just fell made me incredibly angry. Yes, he did have some problems at the moment, but that was not a solution either.
Knowing John was reading his messages, imagining John’s smile, the flush of his cheeks, sustained Sherlock through sleep deprivation and torture at the Serbians’ hands. Sherlock sent his last message as he cleaned up from his Serbian dungeon stay, to tell John he’d be home in a few days.
The other monks murmured in agreement while still busy caring for him; one of them put a blanket over Jonah's shoulders, another pulled his dirt-caked shoes off his feet and put a comfortable stool under his legs. The novice himself was clearly uncomfortable with all the attention and he endured rather than enjoyed it; all the more one could see his relief when the bell called the brothers to evening prayers. My attempt to prevent Jonah from hauling himself into the church despite his injury, rather than having me treat his wound, was nipped in the bud by him.
Mary preceded him into the kitchen. She leaned against the worktop and faced him. The bright morning light highlighted every line that time had carved into her face. “Well?”
"No Jonah, you misunderstood something. I don’t have the slightest problem with it, I'm just ... surprised. And I don’t understand why you both went to the monastery, if you had a satisfying relationship. I mean ... that's so irrevocable ... "
I wandered through the rows of fruit and vegetable stalls and was already planning dinner when a deep, slightly rough voice spoke behind me.
Once they were showered and dressed and filled with the bacon John cooked and coffee Sherlock made, John kissed Sherlock tenderly and headed out to settle his affairs. He was eager to get the confrontation with Mary over with. Never one to put off unpleasant tasks, he decided to see her first. Stopping at the surgery afterward would be a good way to take his mind off of the hurt he was sure to cause her. He winced as he walked, thinking of the pain it would be necessary to inflict on her to end their relationship. He thought they may be able to remain friends - he hated to leave any relationship on bad terms. He’d thought he was in love with her. He didn’t want a bad breakup to tarnish those memories.
, John.” Mary’s casual tone of voice, paired with the twinkle of good humor in her eyes, were a bizarre contrast to the matte black and gleaming silver of the gun in her hand.
Mycroft paused, thinking back to the events of two years prior. “There is something, Sherlock. When you jumped, as Doctor Watson ran towards St. Barts, he was struck by a cyclist. He took a hit and was knocked head-first to the road. He got up immediately and walked to you, but I do remember witnesses saying Dr. Watson seemed rather dazed. I thought he was putting on a good show to convince Moriarty's snipers that you’d jumped. But that may have been an error. What if he struck his head when he went down?”
John sat on the step and ran a hand soothingly down the back of Sherlock’s head, stopping to squeeze his nape. “Hey, Sherlock. It’s okay.”
"I was about to come to that. Your skin has a light tan, but only on the face and hands. Since it is extremely unlikely that you keep your clothes on while sunbathing, I have to assume that you have professionally been outside a lot, in an area where you were exposed to strong sunlight. England is out for obvious reasons. So where could you practice a medical profession and simultaneously be physically challenged, while the sun burns down mercilessly on you? Well, that reminds me of the Royal Army Medical Corps. Then you were wounded, you returned to England and sought out on your physical recovery with a therapist to help get your mental problems under control, which so far you have not quite succeeded, otherwise you would probably not be here to
Again I put his arm around my shoulder and helped him down the hall. I looked around inconspicuously. Everything here looked extremely simple: white walls with icons and illustrations of scenes from the Bible and the dark wooden doors typical of most of the corridors of the monastery. Small signs were placed on the same level, and they identified the monk who lived occupied the room: Brother Thomas, Brother Elijah, Brother Patrick, and diagonally opposite to the room we were now heading, Brother William. The door was wide open, but as curious as I was, it was clear to me that accompanying Jonah was prior to anything else. I took him to his room, looked around, and poured a glass of water after I discovered a bottle at the edge of the desk.
Hot water always helped him think. He ruminated on his current situation: the kind lady who seemed so frightened that he’d borrowed her husband’s clothing, the husband that seemed to instill fear in everyone Sherlock had met so far. The ostentatious mansion he found himself confined to - the fact that his family had no idea where he was and the fact that the bedroom he’d been assigned to use lacked a telephone extension. Even if it had had a phone, would he have wanted to call his family?
I would have to abandon my plan to speak with Jonah. And I already suspected that in the foreseeable future I would not see him at church or at mealtimes ...
His cramped limbs began to relax and he tried to sit up. I raised of his bed a little and straightened his pillows to make him more comfortable. Relieved, he sighed, leaned back and placed his fingertips against his chin, then swept his hand down and away - the sign for 'Thanks'.
John met Sherlock’s gaze, not backing down and apparently not relenting. “Last night, who did that? And why did they target me?” John’s tone sounded accusing to Sherlock.
When he looked up, I was startled. His face was terribly pale, and had he had such dark circles under his eyes this morning?
Sherlock spent the cab ride home looking out of the window, calming by degrees. But John could feel residual tension in the hand he still held. He figured it was caused as much by Sherlock’s shame at having broken down as by the events leading up to his break down.  And John, as a battle hardened veteran of Kandahar and Helmand Province, packaged up his shock at seeing his girlfriend point a gun at his chest and stuffed it to the back of his mind. He was good at doing that. Why process the horror of life if he didn’t have to? Just live through it and move on - that’s what had worked for 38 years. Why change it now?
After a moment Sherlock spoke again. “Don’t be afraid to mention Christmas. It’s just another day to me.”
I tried desperately to slow down my quick steps - I had all the time in the world, he was fine, he would wake up again ... there was no reason to hurry. Everything would turn out well. I looked at the numbers on small square stainless steel signs in the upper right corner of each door - 5.09, 5.10 ... and finally 5.11. As with all the other rooms in this corridor, there was a glass panel next to it, through which one could look into the room from outside; however, the view was largely blocked by a half-drawn louvered blind, behind which was visible only a hospital bed surrounded by a frightening number of devices. I swallowed; such a sight should be familiar to me, conditioned by my profession, but now I just wanted to run away. I took a deep breath. I had come this far, now I could not back down - and so I put my hand on the latch and opened the door that separated me from Brother William.
"Not at all. Sometimes it happens that a patient survives, although all of us have given up hope. And this is a miracle for me every time. "
"My unqualified opinion is that something was set in motion since you got here - maybe you think, for example, about your relationship with your sister and if you're ready to get involved in a relationship with another person - I guess earlier you were simply lacking the time to think about it, right? "
“Why indeed?” Sherlock’s tone was light but the look in his eyes was grave. He cocked his head slightly and held John’s gaze.
The chess pieces quickly found their way back to their starting positions and William opened the game with a move of one of his pawns. Jonah countered without any hesitation and would probably have continued the game at this rate if an older brother had not touched his shoulder.
"Well, come on, we can’t lose any time!" He panicked, then gripped my arm to pull me with him, "He must not eat it, as long as we do not know who placed the chocolates on my night stand! "
“You are a decorated war veteran, an army doctor who operated under the most dangerous conditions. You pursued some of London’s most dangerous criminals for fun. And you expect me to believe you became engaged to Miss Morstan because it was
It was such a privilege to translate this sweet, lovely story. Thank you Philomena85, for giving me this opportunity.
An inconspicuous young woman in a nurse's uniform stepped into the room and pushed the glass aside; the little plastic tag on the lapels of her uniform dismissed her as Nurse Tessa.
"Here, have a drink." I held out a glass of water from his bedside table after he stopped coughing. He shook his head and tried to speak but it was only a near-silent croak. Furious, he clenched his fists before pointing to his neck, shaking his head again and shrugging his shoulders.
She’d turned to him and grasped his hand, probably waiting for him to kiss her. The setting had been nearly painfully romantic. Instead, he’d said “Come on, it’s chilly. Let’s find a warm pub and have dinner.” Mary’s face had fallen. It was then that John had decided to buy the ring, a decision made out of guilt and despair for not being able to return her love. For not being able to be the type of man that could kiss her in the salt spray on a narrow beach on a chilly, sunny day.
Making a fist, John growled, “I swear to god, Sherlock, I am going to throttle that brother of yours. First he didn’t tell me that you were alive. Now he knew something about Mary. And didn’t tell me.” He banged his fit on the table. “He uses me like a goddamn puppet!”
When I arrived, the monastery was in nocturnal silence and the gate was unoccupied. I pressed the bell several times in quick succession until I saw that a light flicker in a distant corridor and a dark-clad figure move slowly towards the door. The door opened it a crack. Beaming with joy, I looked into the face of Brother Elijah, who wiped the sleep from his eyes and then blinked at me, surprised.
"I climbed over the garden wall - which I unfortunately was not very good at. And why they have to plant rose bushes on an outer wall, which nobody ever sees, will forever remain a mystery to me ... "
"Do you have any complaints? Stomach pain, digestive problems, nausea, dizziness? Motor problems? Maybe a tingling sensation in the extremities? "
If I could believe the words of the older brother, Brother William was still excluded from the common activities of the Order until tomorrow evening, so I had plenty of time to talk privately with him. And one thing he could rely on: I would remain obstinate.
And John pressed forward, groaning at the tight fit - Sherlock was so hot, sweat stood out along his back and thighs and inside he was molton, tight heat and when he flexed his muscles around John’s length, John swore. “Fuck!”
It was foggy and dreary, which made night fade into day almost imperceptibly. John had slept through his alarm clock with no sunshine through the curtains to wake him as a back-up measure. In his rush to get coffee before he left for work, he’d only half listened to Sherlock talk about a one armed hitchhiker who carried a sheleighly and had an oblique connection to a stolen gold-and-ruby necklace. Sherlock was still talking when he’d kissed the top of his head then bounded down the stairs in a hurry to catch the 7:53 at Baker Street station.
John smiled sheepishly at his former landlady. “Hello, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock pulled on his wrist and John stumbled up a few stairs while giving Mrs. Hudson a sheepish smile over his shoulder. The air around them thrummed with gleeful energy and John giggled like he’d just chased a over several blocks of London rooftops. He tripped through the door to the flat with Sherlock still tugging him by the wrist. Sherlock rounded on him and grasped his shoulders in his still-gloved hands, pulling him close and crushing his mouth under Sherlock’s own.
I had not seen much of Brother William or even Brother Jonah during the rest of the day - while the latter was probably staying in bed to get some rest as I told him, the former appeared in church, as usual, at prayer time and attended dinner as well, but apart from that, he was nowhere to be seen, especially not in the recreation room. He almost seemed to avoid me since my unwanted visit.
It was mid morning - the neighbors on either side, and even on the storey above their flat, would all be at at work. Even if someone was at home they’d be unlikely hear the faint
He leaned back in his chair and looked at me thoughtfully, his arms crossed in front of his chest. "You're probably not going to be a suspect any longer."
I gave him a quick nod and then, with drooping shoulders, proceeded to Sherlock's hospital room. Just before I could press the latch, Mycroft called me back again.
"I don’t know how he should have done that - it's almost a ten-kilometer walk to the next town and he doesn’t have the money to buy a bus ticket."
He puffed out his cheeks and exhaled slowly, making a conscious decision to table his anger and explore it again later. This time away, hidden from the world and his everyday responsibilities, was supposed to be his time to read Sherlock’s messages and to reflect - not to work himself into a rage at Sherlock’s dick of a brother. John resolutely picked up the laptop and headed back to the bedroom, confident in his belief that the bedrooms were not bugged.
I did not know what to do now. In the past few days both he and Brother Jonah had become fixed points in my life within the walls of the monastery and now that I had neither the one or the other around me, I felt strangely deserted. I looked around, still looking for an answer, although I was not even sure I knew the question.
Holmes stood bolt upright in shock, the confused expression on his face causing Watson’s mirth to increase. Holmes sputtered, “But she … we’re careful … how could …”
"Yes, but ...", he stammered, embarrassed, trying again to overshadow the uncertainty with a smile, "I slept badly, that's all."
I went over to him and he put the violin aside, but that was exactly what I was trying to prevent. It had been so long since I had heard him play, so long since he had last managed to control his hands long enough to elicit such wonderful sounds from the strings of his instrument.
"I'm so sorry, John," he whispered in a strangled voice, running his hands through my hair as if to convince himself that I was actually real.
"That I will die. They found me. And now they will kill me. Maybe I should spare them the effort and do it myself. "
"He let me lick honey from his finger - if that's not a gesture with clear sexual intent, then I don’t know what is."
"Hey, hey, hey, don’t fall asleep," I said, trying to get him to sit up, "Stay with me, Jonah. Come on, look up, you can’t stay here. Jonah, look at me. Everything will be fine, but you must stay awake. "
"Sherlock taught me just before he took his vow of silence, just in case we need to talk unobtrusively. And after you told me what happened to Sherlock, I brushed up. "
