Tony struggles to pull the brush through her hair without jerking her head back. On one particular stroke the brush gets stuck halfway through. He tries to extract the hair brush from her hair. “I feel like Paolo…”
Steve slides an arm around his waist and lifts his left hand to entwine their fingers. “Then don’t talk. Just breathe.” He exaggerates his breathing so the rise and fall of his chest is easy for Tony to follow before he kisses where the vibranium band sits proudly on his husband’s finger. He then starts to move his hips in a slow sway. “And be wooed by my masculine wiles.” He punctuates his statement with a sensual roll against the inventor’s body and smirks. Tony does not respond but his breathing slows into a regular pace. Steve does not take his gaze off Tony’s eyes when he says, “Jarvis, put on my playlist. Track seventeen please.” He increases his swaying until they start to circle as soft music begins to play.
The ring leader smirks and stands up. Mari has to crane her neck back to glare up at him. “What if we don’t wanna? Four eyes.” He flicks Mari’s glasses off her face.
“Of course he’s awake.” Tony steps out of the elevator with Bruce close on his heels. “I find out my nightmares can kill me and you think-“ He goes silent when his eyes land Bucky. Then in the blink of an eye he’s rushing towards Bucky with a gauntlet flying onto his hand from a standby Ironman suit.
Tony takes back his hand and throws his legs over the edge of the bed. “No.” He runs his hand through his hair a few times. As he props himself against his knees he catches sight of something set on the bed side table. He turns and sees a sandwich with a mug of coffee next to it. He smiles, “You let me sleep in till lunch?”
“So-So loop quantum gravity has-has been able to match Bekenstein’s prediction of black hole entr-enthr-”
“-wasn’t your fault Val. He tricked a lot of people to get up there. I’m just glad he didn’t hurt you more seriously,” Tony says. He winces when Bruce puts pressure on one of the dark bruises peppered along his chest.
“No sir.” Steve smirks as he moves to pull pans out from under the cabinet. While he is bent over Tony takes the opportunity to reach over and grope his husband. Steve shoots up and frowns at his husband as a blush spreads across his cheeks. “Really? In front of Mari?”
Still facing the door she said in a quiet voice. “You didn’t turn on me. That’s why they wiped you again. Why they took you away.”
“Okay, everything seems to be in order with the home,” says Ms. Flander as she comes back up the stairs to the lab with Tony. “May I speak with Mari for a moment alone?”
He barely finishes his sentence when they hear Mari’s excited shriek and the sound of a lot of somethings hitting the floor.
“Go treat yourself to a coffee. No need for you to wait around here for us. I’ll text you.” He gives Happy a nod before making his way toward the distracted artist.
“Be-Because he was a bully. And you said that the only-the only thing that lets bullies win is for good people to do nothing, so-so I did something.”
“I’m not going to tell him to give you back your contraband. Here, have some egg whites.” He puts some on a plate for her.
“We’re on the last story. Papa was excited. He said it was one of his favorites…” Mari does not look at him but that was normal. They had found she had a thing about eye contact. She was getting better though as she got more comfortable. The problem was her chewing on her lower lip.
“You can see shapes though right. Follow my voice.” He starts waving his hands. “Look over here! I’m the handsome moving blob. Can you see me moving?”
Tony pouts at him but says, “Notice how there is a lot of information for Peter but not a lot for his wife?”
“That wasn’t him and you know it! They brainwashed him and used him like a weapon. He wasn’t himself.”
“You’re going to learn about physics the hard way when you fall off that couch,” says Tony. “On the ground. Now.”
“I did. I got multiple rooms in fact but it seems like I'm constantly under siege by squatters.” Tony motions towards the rest of the living room.
Steve steps closer and runs his fingers through her hair. “I’m sorry.” He turns to Natasha. “I lost Bucky near Columbus Circle. Think you can use security cameras to find where he went?”
Steve opens his mouth to reply but Tony interrupts. “Don’t worry about it big guy.” Tony swoops up the folder and gives Steve a pointed glare. “This conversation was over.” He turns on his heel and goes out onto the deck.
Sam chuckles. “I was gonna say ‘get to know the team’. But sure, jump to homicide. Look,” Sam straightens and turns to face Bucky full on. “Everyone here has some real fucked up shit we’re dealing with. The only thing that makes us barely functioning adults is the support we give each other. Go to the training room. Trade some punches with Thor. You don’t even have to say a word. But trust me, sometimes the best thing you can do is spend time with people as messed up as you. Give it a chance?”
“You know, Nat is right.” When Tony gives him a blank look he continues. “About how we’re going to be okay. You aren’t going to be as terrible of a father as you think you will be. We’ll do it together. Like we always do.”
“Oh. Damn,” groans Tony. “I forgot about that. Is it possible to postpone that? I’m really enjoying not finding Barton’s dirty socks on my coffee table. Or his ass on my couch.”
“Thank you Mr. Stark.” She walks through and then follows Tony towards the elevator. As she passes the couch she says, “Goodbye honey.”
Steve glances back to see her snuggle under the shield and close her eyes.  He leaves and goes back to join Tony.
“Ah. I see. Is it still around?” Steve glances around the room as Tony steps closer to run his hands through her bed head.
“I’ll just login.” He hovers his hands over the keyboard only to have his seat rolled away. Then a cable is being wrapped around his body. “H-hey!”
Mari races after him but trips over her feet. Steve rushes over and helps her back up. She chirps a small thank you before meeting Tony at a closed bedroom door. Steve joins them as Tony opens it and turns on the light. Mari’s eyes fall onto the queen sized bed covered in stuffed animals in the spacious bedroom. She makes a quiet squealing sound as she bites her bottom lip in excitement. She takes a step inside to look around. Tony steps in around her and circles the room.
“I know! But-JEEZ!” He angrily squeezes some shampoo into his palm before lathering it into his hair. “Can’t we just spend one frickin’ day where we aren’t worried about possible custody battles, or strange shape shifters, or 1940s sharp shooters. Just one day where we don’t have to worry about that shit, where we can just be a normal family. I want to get a few good memories in before we fuck her over completely with our superhero drama.”
“And the pain? Where is it?” The doctor presses the flesh of his pectorals, focusing on the muscles closest to the reactor.
The ding of the elevator makes her jump. When she looks up from her feet the doors are opening. She freezes when she sees the people on the other side. Staring back at her are her Aunt Mae and Uncle Ben. She doesn’t know what to make of what’s in front of her. Her mind stopped working and the blood rushing in her head was deafening. Her mouth opens and closes. Was this a trap? She looks to Steve and Tony but they just smile and nod toward the older couple, keeping their distance.
A shiver runs down Tony’s spine. “Because you seem adamant on ignoring the existence of certain machines designed to make our lives easier.”
After a minute Mari pulls away. “A-Are you going to come live with us now?” She asks between hiccups.
“You threw me off a bridge and ripped off my wing. You’re lucky the only kicking I’m doing is your butt off this team.”
“Yeah I got that from the damn dossier.” Tony flinches when Mari grumbles and snuggles her face against his shirt. He says in a quieter tone so he does not wake the child sleeping against his chest, “Why would Barnes give us a file on this guy?”
“…if you want to come check out this stuff too you can lay her down in Steve and I’s bedroom. But make sure you bring the bear down with you. She wakes up and finds his cotton brain matter still all over the place she is going to have a meltdown.” With that he struts down to his lab.
“Just be happy he still sees a use for you,” says the tech over his shoulder. “Otherwise you’d be getting a close up demonstration of his death ray.”
“I changed a lot to fit into this time but my mother always taught me you don’t cuss in front of a lady, and dang it, people are gonna treat my girl like a gosh darn lady.” Steve stuffs a large bite of eggs in his mouth.
“I try not to check it a lot. It’s usually just Coulson wanting me to fill out some new piles of paper work.”
“Well if you had paid attention to the reminders and memos I sent you, you’d know that it was today.”
“Good to know having a kid hasn’t dampened your levels of disgusting.” Sam puts drinks in front of everyone and makes a gagging face towards Mari who giggles.
“I don’t fucking care!” He leans around Steve to jab a finger at Bucky. “You even so much as give my kid a wrong look and I am ramming a repulsor so far up your ass-“
“There are some things I just like doing by hand.” He slides his hand over Tony’s abs and down to cup his crotch.
Steve walks into the apartment and tosses his motorcycle helmet onto the couch. He rubs at his neck, trying to relieve the tension as he makes his way to the bedroom. He stops short when he sees a blue glow coming from Mari’s room. When he ducks his head in, he sees the glow is coming from the reactor keeping his husband alive. Steve tiptoes in and smiles at the sight of Tony curled around Mari. He sits on the edge and watches them. Steve reaches out and runs a hand down an olive arm.
“I think I get it Kiddo.” He looks around and spots a disinfectant dispenser on the wall. He tosses the tissues in a waste bin and squirts some disinfectant on his hand. Ignoring the open elevator doors, he rubs the gel onto her hands, focusing on the one she had wiped her nose with.
Steve readjusts her as he walks down the sidewalk with Mari sitting on his shoulders. He scans the street. “An octahedron? Uh…octa means eight so I’m looking for something with eight sides…hmmm…” His eye catches on the stairs leading up to one of the homes. Sitting on the end posts was a diamond shaped finial. He pats it as they pass. “Is it this?”
“There’s nothing you don’t already know! Nothing’s changed. Her case is the same as when we adopted her!”
“You mean for making me think I was about to get lucky for the first time in a week or for suggesting we give up custody.”
“NO!” Tony watches in horror as parts of the stairs crash down past them. Tony goes to the railing and looks up. The explosive blew off parts of the stairs a couple flights up. “Mari!?! MARI!?!”
They both laugh and shove at each other before they settle back to watch Mari play. After a minute the wind changes and the smell of processed meat, relish, and onions waft past.
“Gladly.” She steps up and wraps an arm around his neck. With the press of a button they go flying up. As they pass Steve, she calls, “Hey Steve! Catch!”
The line disconnects and the man slides his phone back in his pocket. He reaches down to his belt buckle and hits a button. His figure blurs and shimmers and the young Chinese physician becomes an elderly woman before stepping out of the alley and disappearing into the bustle of New York.
“The guy may still have a hard on for Tony. He did get his ass handed to him pretty hard. I guess that means we have a who now.” Sam walks towards the table to look over some of the files. “What were you looking into the Count for?”
“Uh-oh.” Tony says. “I better head this off before it turns into a tantrum. Hey, Kiddo. I bet I can beat you to the jungle gym.”
“Nah. He’s keeping this pretty close to the vest. My job is just to get these files open and look for a way into Stark’s medical circle.”
“Are you still in my living room?” Steve asks as he moves to clean the counter around the coffee maker.
“Yes but I’m sure he’d be more than happy to tell us when we pick him up,” says Natasha. “We’re running scans on security footage looking for his unique buckle. It shouldn’t take too long if he’s still in New York.”
When Mari goes to get back up he shoves her back down with more force, sharing a laugh with his buddies. He does it again and adds a kick for good measure.
Tony bursts out laughing at the slight panic in the AI’s voice. “Sure. Just let me get some pants on buddy.”
“You keep saying that like it’s supposed to make me trust him!” Steve opens his mouth only for Tony to talk over him. “I get it. I really do. They tortured him. Twisted him into something else. I get it. Probably more than you. That’s why I don’t blame him for what he did but that doesn’t mean I still don’t fear him doing it. To you he’s your best friend. To me he’s the man who killed my parents and nearly killed my at-the-time boyfriend. I…I’m…” Tony’s mouth opens and closes as he tries to get out the words he wants to say but they get strangled in his throat. He takes a deep breath and collapses onto the end of the bed. He rubs at his reactor, looking away from his husband. His breathing picks up into harsh stutters.
“Sorry pip. “ He massages the flesh of Tony’s thigh as he shimmies out of his jeans and boxers. “Got a little excited.”
She takes the bear back to hold it up to her ear. She nods as if she is listening to what the bear has to say. After a moment she gives a final nod. “Apology accepted.” In a blink her whole demeanor changes. She relaxes and smiles at him before climbing into his lap.
The Captain exhales the breath he is holding. So they were not under attack but something was still wrong. “Tony wouldn’t allow the system to be shut down while we were on a mission. He wouldn’t risk missing a distress call.”
Steve tosses her over his shoulder and kneels on the bed to place a kiss to Tony’s head. “Feeling any better?”
Steve frowns at him. “Like you’re one to talk.” He looks to Mari and sees her mostly full plate. He rubs her back in small circles. “Feeling ok Kiddo?”
“Some form yeah, like body armour. This here? This is a fucking tank. That kid was either fucking lucky and grabbed the right files or is fucking brilliant. In which case do you do assassinations? Job security ya know, can’t be out done by toddler.”
Steve chuckles at that. There was not much that could get under the Asguardian’s skin and what could, usually involved Jane. “I’ll pass on the message. Janet, thanks for helping us out. Nat is back from her mission tonight so the rest of you will be back in her capable hands for the rest of the week. Any questions before we leave?”
Just as the social worker and the little girl disappear around the corner Steve pops his head out of the nursery.
Mari flings herself into Petunia’s open arms who then picks her up and peppers kisses all over her face.
“But Dr. Banner says there’s a switch.” Mari’s shoulders drop and her excited smile drops into a frown.
Four possible points of entry. Twelve people. Didn’t look like anyone was armed. Except for him. Bucky bounces his leg as his eyes dart back to the man relaying his story. He supposes he should be paying better attention. Sam brought him here for a reason. To acclimate. He was getting sick of that word. Everybody seemed to be using it. Especially in relation to him. It was always funny coming from Steve. Yeah, Bucky had spent most of his time in the future as a mindless killing machine but he’d spent more time thawed out than Steve did.
“Are you getting any of this?” Bucky asks Steve in a whisper as they all walk through central park to get to the playground.
“Yeah…” He sit ups and looks over at the clock on the microwave in the lab’s kitchenette. In glowing green is 11:30. He takes off his t-shirt and wipes the layer of sweat from his face and body. “What are you doing up so late Kiddo? I put you to bed hours ago.”
Tony leans back and fights back a yawn. It was an interesting proposal but damn did these scientists need to learn to spice things up. He checks his watch as the lights flicker. He holds up his hand to stop the presentation.
“I like having you around too.” Tony goes quiet. He starts to get hot under the collar when Mari continues to stare at him with her wide blue-grey eyes. He turns back to the therapist who gives him the ‘Go on’ hand signal. Tony turns back to Mari. “I like having you around…a lot…but I’m not good at this whole responsible adult thing and raising a kid so…I’m going to try and be a better Dad for you…”
“There was nothing to tell you. They’ve been filing complaints, social services keeps turning them down. They’re still unfit to care for her, they still don’t have custody, and they still have yet to contact Mari.”
“Wait, stairs?” Clint asks. “Are we really gonna climb seventy five flights of stairs plus another thirty to get to our floors?”
The tech’s face drops into an unimpressed frown. “Your five year old is a-" He cuts off when every Avenger left in the room takes a threatening step forward with Steve looming over him. He gulps. “...is a very talented young girl.”
“Maybe I can find a better use for my mouth if I think real hard.” He tosses Tony onto the bed and climbs over him. He places light kisses down his olive chest.
Mari peeks between the bodies trying to see what they’re looking at, but the projection lays parallel to the table and doesn’t raise high enough off the surface for her to even read the underside. She goes to the edge of the table and rises on her tip toes to try and see. She pouts when it’s still too distorted to read.
Steve follows his gaze. He leans forward and tries to catch Tony’s eyes. “This isn’t your fault. You did-“
Tony flips through it. “Don’t worry; Cap here is all about routine…you’ve got her on some pretty serious medications…”
Tony takes it and flips through the pages before holding it back out again. “I don’t need your ledger. This is your’s to-”
The worker escorts Mari across the street and walks her up to the building. The worker walks up to the entrance but Mari pauses to look at the glass. At first Steve thinks she’s staring at them but he realizes her gaze does not go past the glass. Steve thinks she must have caught sight of something in the reflection. Ms. Flander turns to hold the door open for her and frowns when Mari is not right behind her. She heaves a frustrated sigh and barks her name at her. Mari jumps and scuffles into the building, while tugging at her hair.
Tony watches out of the corner of his eye and listens for the lift to move. Once he hears it he snaps the file shut again and turns to Mari. “Okay! Who wants to see their room?”
As the tower came into sight Bucky lost some of his bravado. He started to shift in the seat behind Steve the closer they got. Then when they pulled into the hangar he scans the room around him. As the hangar doors close, he turns to watch his last chance to change his mind slip away. Steve lays a hand on his shoulder bringing his mind back to the matter at hand.
Mari started out as Petra Parker aka fem!Peter Parker. As I kept developing the story though it got so far from Peter Parker's background I felt that she needed to be renamed. That being said though she still shares some similarities with him i.e. fluffy hair, dorkable-ness, an Uncle Ben, and an Aunt May. Stick around to see if you can spot any other similarities.
She slides the laundry hamper in front of the closet and runs out of the room singing the meow mix theme song. “MEOW MEOW MEOWMEOW!”
Steve nodded. Then he reached up and wrapped the towel around her hair, wringing it out into the fabric. “Did you know that flatworms can regenerate?”
“We had barely started dating. We weren’t even thinking of marriage let alone kids. Just admit it. You have a heart of gold.” Steve leans in and nuzzles his face in Tony’s neck.
Bruce watches them whiz up with slumped shoulders. Thor steps up next to him. “May I offer my assistance?”
Mari goes into the room and changes. When she emerges and goes to show Steve and Tony the frown is still etched on her face.
“Tony, I am leaving you with our five year old daughter not a vampire ninja. You will be fine for a couple days.”
Bruce does as he’s told and watches Tony flip them open to examine the head closer. It looked like there were little barbs all along the nose of it. “Are you using those as a magnifying glass?”
The Captain kicks it into gear, picking up his pace. He gains a little ground but Bucky manages to maintain a sizable a gap. Bucky leads him on a chase through the park, using groups of people, food stands, and other obstacles to trip him up but Steve stays tight on his tail. When Steve realizes Bucky is making his way towards the city street he pushes his legs even harder. If he makes it out into the city proper Steve just might lose him. He cannot let that happen. It takes them months just to find wisps and rumors of the Winter Soldier. Who knows how long it will take to find him again if he loses him now.
“That you’re chicken?” Steve tries to pin him to the ground and gets an elbow to the gut. “Just talk to me Buck!”
Mari leans around far enough to see her on the other side the leg. “I know. Mommy read me the news article when you took over as CEO. She thought you did a good job…aside from the whole, ‘working with a Stark thing’.”
Steve leans in to kiss his husband but meets air when Tony shoots up from his relaxed pose. The inventor leans forward and as he squints he can see Mari looking between her sketchbook and a lump on the ground. “Should we really be letting her play with wild animals?”
Her shoulders raised and fell with a sigh. Then she turned and joined him on the bed. She sat as far from him as possible. “We first met when I was still a trainee in the Red Room. You were on loan to teach us. Hone our skills. I was making the most progress so they had you focus on me. Had you train me hard until I was able to disarm you. Not long after that you got sent away. I progressed through the program. Got a few years of mission experience under my belt. Then you came back. They wanted us to do a mission together. It was a long haul. We had to live undercover as newlyweds in a small village. There was an asset we had to keep an eye on and eliminate if he strayed too far. Run interference on his missions. It lasted three years and ninety-six days. After a year you started to...I don’t know how to describe it. Thaw out? You started to develop a personality. You’d answer if I asked you questions that didn’t relate to the mission, you started reading the newspaper for more than just hidden messages. You even started to initiate conversations. I think that had been the longest you had ever gone without being wiped.”
Bucky blanched. “WHAT? Why would you think that I was-well…okay I guess it was a little close for comfort.”
“You said it yourself. What they did to you...you’re not Bucky anymore. And you’re not my James either. It’s cruel to hold you to a relationship that you don’t even remember. To tell you to love me just because I say you did. You’ve had enough people telling you what to do and how to feel…”
He hears heavy footsteps approaching him and then he is being gripped by his chest plate and dragged across the uneven terrain. He grunts when he is dumped on the ground. There is a crunching sound and five points of light pierce through the darkness over his face. With the sound of metal tearing he blinks against the flood of light. As the world comes into focus around him he realizes he is indeed in his suit and the face plate has been ripped off. The sound of shuffling feet draws his attention above him. A hulking figure with wide shoulders is looming over him. At first he thinks it is Steve but his husband’s hair was blonde and this man’s hair was dark and long and shaggy. Then he sees the face, or some of it. The man is wearing dark circle googles and over the lower half of his face and part of his neck is a black mask. Tony gulps and glances around him to try and figure out where he is. That was when he sees he is not alone on the ground. Steve is lying next to him, eyes unseeing and a hole in his forehead.
Thor’s hammer comes down on it and makes a reverberating ringing sound. Captain America winces as fire rips through his shoulder but holds his position. The reverberations widen out and blast the remaining men away. The Captain surveys the area and puts a hand to his shoulder.
“That’s not necessary Mr. Stark. Vacations just make me antsy to get back to work. I just need a day home with a cup of tea and bad TV. Thank you though.” She nods to Tony and Steve and gives Mari a little wave before leaving.
“SHIELD let him in! He had a forged badge and ID and let a virus into the system when they scanned it! And then he proceeded to Pep’s floor where he knocked out Valencia and hacked into Pep’s computer.”
“I'll see you in a few.” Rhodey turns and drags the villain out the door with the Count shouting various curses and insults in Italian behind him. Just as they disappear out the door the curses get cut off by a thunk and a yelp. The Steve can hear Rhodey say, “I'm so sorry man. Those walls, they just come out of nowhere don't they?” Another thunk and pained yell. “Oop! There’s another one. Damn. They’re just coming out of the woodwork aren’t they?”
“You’re lucky that you’re holding Mari,” Pepper says as she hangs up her phone. “Otherwise I’m pretty sure she’d bash your skull in with a stapler.”
“Wait!” Mari swipes a crayon up and rushes forward in pursuit. She yelps when her foot slips in between the roots and falls forward onto her sketchbook. She groans as she lifts herself up to relieve the pressure the spiral binding is putting on her chest. She tries to pull her legs underneath her but something holds tight to her right foot. She twists and sees that it has sunk into a hole and is trapped between two large roots. She tugs and whimpers when it does not come loose.
Fury coughs loudly and they turn to look at him. “As thrilling as it is to watch you two work through your sexual tension I do have an agency to run. Expect Agent Romanov to fill you in on the attack, she’s acting as liaison for the Avengers for this incident.” He turns and walks to the exit, his long leather coat billowing out behind him.
“It’s okay kiddo. Daddy and I will be just out there.” He points out to the balcony. “It’s just a little talk. Promise.” Steve kisses her head before heading towards the door.
Peggy laughed. “You have a small point there but he still had to go through basic without the serum. And he did better than any of the other men. Not because he was stronger or faster but because he had compassion and he was smart and from what I hear you are quite the intelligent little girl.”
Tony frowns when he sees the SHIELD agent escorting his sniffling daughter down the stairs. His eyes go to the tight grip the agent has on her wrist. “What the hell is going on here?”
A small smile sneaks onto his face as he glances at her from the corner of his eye. “Yeah well…I look good in anything. Especially the Mr. Mom look. It always gets the nannies swooning at the park.”
“You can’t keep her locked away in the tower forever Tones. That’s probably how she got the cold in the first place. No exposure to the outside world.”
“No. I want this now,” he grunts out as he prepares himself with rough thrusts. “And I want it hard. You got it soldier boy?” It takes a while but once Tony is able to thrust four fingers in with minimal resistance he jerks them out and swats Steve’s hand away from his erection. As soon as Steve’s hand is out of the way he is impaling himself on his husband’s eager and twitching cock.
Bucky sighs and rubs at his neck. “Yeah. For a few weeks. When I heard about the hit I came back to New York. To keep an eye out. See if I could scare off who ever put the hit out.”
“Yeah, that. And it matches the Hawking radiation predictions but-um-but string theory has been able to-to guess certain types of black-holes so THAT’S constin-consthent-”
He spasms and crashes. The other security officer in pursuit directly behind him gets taken out but the five others are able to swerve in time. Black Widow takes a sharp turn down an alley and jerks done a fire escape. The goon closest on her tail runs faces first into the ladder, falling from his bike causing a pile up in the narrow alley. The goons that still have their wits, pull weapons and open fire. Black Widow ducks lower and weaves to avoid the shots. She pulls her own fire arm and fires behind her.
“There you are.” Tony sighs in relief. He wraps her in a tight hug before pulling her away to look her over. “Why are you covered in dirt?” He brushes mud from her sleeves and her knees.
“There you are. Mari? Kiddo?” He reaches under and goes to slide her out. He pulls his hand back when she jerks awake at his touch and starts to hyperventilate. “Shh. Shh. It’s okay. It’s just me. What are you doing under the bed?”
“Yeah but you remember last year!?! That was one wild party and you know there is gonna be a mountain of cool ass toys this year! This is gonna be unlike any Christmas she’s ever had!”
“You mean away from the fragile little humanoid glass doll? It’s okay Bruce, it’s not like you’re gonna Hulk out if we run out of corner pieces on the cake. You have a pretty good cap on the big guy nowadays.”
“There’s nothing to worry about Kiddo.” Tony says. “Here, watch this. Jarvis, run a scan. How many biologicals are on this floor?”
“They are both the same schematics for a neuro data translation chip. One was collected from the hide out by the docks.” He looks at Nat. “The other was collected months ago. When you raided one of Count Nefaria’s properties.”
The other man huffs and moves closer to look over the tech’s shoulder at the screen. “Is this encryption really that big of a problem? Surely you were already expecting some form of protection.”
Mari gasps and pulls at Tony’s pant leg. “Can I turn on the big A Tony? Please, please, pleeeeeease!”
“Avengers business kiddo.” Steve plucks her off the chair and gives her a little push towards the hallway. “Off you go.”
“Yeah.” He takes the book back and puts it back in his jacket. “Say that word and I’ll drop like a sack of potatoes. I won’t wake up until about an hour later. Teach it to the rest of the team and Mari in case HYDRA ever gets to me.”
When Tony tucked Mari into bed that night she had not wanted to read it, insisting they wait for Steve.
Bucky felt the anger slowly turn to sadness. “I stayed behind and bought you enough time to get away.”
Mari wiggles in Tony’s grip before he sets her down. She takes the Polly Pocket out of his breast pocket and goes over to the desk, poking at the ornament.
“She’s not a fish. She’ll come bug you if you skip a meal.” Tony opens his mouth but Steve continues. “Someone needs to lead the team while Nat is gone. Once she’s back from her mission I can resume my vacation with you two.” He kisses Tony until the smaller man’s shoulders relax. “This was going to happen eventually. You couldn’t possibly have expected someone to be with you her entire childhood did you?”
Steve comes back over and they bump fists before dropping back on the couch. Then Steve says, “Why do I get the feeling you know more about my husband than I do?”
He turns back to the assailant in time to see him get to his feet and run in the opposite direction. Tony launches himself over the railing and towards the set of stairs on the other side, a level down. He crashes into him and winces as he feels pain jolt up his legs.
Bucky chuckles and looks to the screen where a character in a purple hat scoops up a star. When Mari lets out a happy shout and kicks her legs in excitement he gets a flash of another little girl with twin braids and a freckled face. It was quick but he had seen it. And he could actually make sense of this flash of memory. A tear slipped out of the corner of his eye when he realized he could remember one his little sister's faces. Little Becky's face.
Steve smiles and kisses a quick peck to his husband’s lips. “You know, sometimes I wonder if you agreed to have a kid with me just so you had one more person to dress up.”
“So that gives her the right to cause bodily harm!?! She actually bit through my child’s skin! He could catch a disease.”
Tony switches off the light and leaves the closet, closing the door behind him. He ruffles her hair on his way to Steve. “Welcome to the family Kiddo.”
“A Jewish one Clint,” she hisses at him. Her eyes narrow as she watches the man nurse a cheap paper coffee cup and huddle against a box, out of the strong ocean wind. Her nose twitches as the smell is blown her way.
While the inventor turns to hide his blush, across the playground Mari is still stumbling after the frog.  Every time Mari would catch up to the small creature the movement of another child or a stray ball or her box of crayons tumbling out of her arms would send it hopping off again. Before she realizes it, she follows the frog off the playground and into the surrounding trees. As the frog comes to rest again, Mari struggles to shift her sketchbook open and shuffle the box of crayons into her other arm. The box slips through her awkward grip and crayons scatter across the ground causing the frog to leap away between the gnarly roots of a large tree.
“Og það er ekki oft sem ég hitta einhvern svo fróður um guðina.” (And it is not often I meet someone so knowledgeable about the gods.)
“I’ve got eyes on the sniper. He’s going down seventy-third and just turned on second,” Clint says over the comm.
So this is the end of this installment but not the overall story. This is only the first of many single stories that will create a larger arcing one. They can be read by themselves but will have elements linking them together. In this first one I just wanted to kind of establish their family. As I publish more they will be less fluff based and have some more plot. There is even a smut scene in the next one. So keep an eye out for the next installment.
“It was...at first. But...we grew close. Closer than we should have. I don’t know when it happened exactly but one day I woke up and realized we weren’t just pretending to be in love anymore. I wanted to be with you, and you didn’t want to let go. You wanted something that HYDRA couldn’t take from you so we found a priest and got married in secret. That way no matter what happened, no matter how many times HYDRA wiped you, no matter what they took from me, they couldn’t erase what had happened. That was the first decision we had made for ourselves in a very long time.”
They come to a standstill as the soldier devours his mouth until he they are both gasping for breath. When he pulls away he presses his face into Tony’s neck. He clutches to Tony’s hand a little harder.
“Well believe it or not seeing her father shoot off into the trees after a mysterious stranger kind of upset her. So combine that with no sleep, the temperament of a small child, and refusing to eat her midmorning snack she was a little fussy. To put it mildly.”
“Mari! Don’t let-” Steve starts right before Mari lets go of the swing at the highest arc. Steve shoots forward and slides across the sand just in time to catch her.
“There’s no stopping the nanites. Even if they aren't active they're programmed to multiply faster than they can be flushed out. Which means they will always be there. You may have stopped me today but I will get out again. And I can build as many machines, like this one, as I need until one day you just can’t save him.”
Bucky turns towards a shrill voice to see a skinny blonde marching towards him, dragging the sobbing bully behind her. He groans.
“Stark can pay for the plastering.” He releases the arrow and it goes flying up and lodges into the wall far, far above them. He turns to Nat and holds his arm out. “Need a ride?”
Tony pulls the lid off the box to check the cake inside. “Just go introduce yourselves to the munchkin.”
She dodges around him and uses the momentum to spin around and up. Her legs wrap around his neck and this next flash is more of a phantom feeling. The feel of hard thighs sets a warm feeling in his chest right before his back slams onto the canvas. A hand wraps around his neck and Natasha pulls back her other fist, readying it for a punch. His eyesight flickers and the overhead light back lighting her becomes painfully bright. When she leans forward, she looks younger, her hair is curlier and longer.
“Not just any teddy bear.” Peggy motions her closer. She bops the bear on the nose. “This here is an Original Bucky Bear. I used to have a Captain America one but I’m afraid the moths got to it a few years ago. I got them for my little ones. They used to go to sleep with them to chase nightmares away.”
“I won’t be able to make the party. Sorry,” says Bruce. “My present for her is right there though.” He points towards a box off to his left without looking up from the microscope.
“Watch your mouth. Next time I’m cleaning it out with soap.” Tony reaches up to entwine their fingers together as he closes his eyes again.
“Mae, who’s at the door?” a deep gravelly voice asks. Soon after a bulky old man with tired eyes comes up to the door. When he sees Tony he glares and sets his hand on her shoulder. “We’re not going to stop trying to get the decision reversed.”
“Come on. Time to get up.” He reaches in to pull her out only for her to remain in a tight ball, squeezing her eyes shut. He lifts her up anyway and chuckles at the sight of her curled into a ball with the quilt pulled tightly around her thinking she resembles more of a wadded up blanket than a cranky toddler. He gives her a little shake. “Come on.”
“We don’t know that and we won’t know it until we decode the decryption YOU allowed to be sneaked onto the device!”
Ben kneels down next to them. “Oh Mami, they wouldn’t let us see you. We tried to visit as often as we could but they kept moving you. We fought so hard to get you back.”
“No.” She turns on him and makes a sweeping motion with her leg across the entrance to the changing rooms. “This is a bye-bye boy zone. Bye-bye boy.” She then turns her back on the laughing solider and walks down the hall.
As Clint comes around the corner he announces, “Okay, I’ve got something to tell you but first,” He sits at a stool. “What’s for breakfast?”
"HYDRA wouldn't be interested in a hit," says Nat. "They'd want to knock Tony off no doubt but if this is them it's unrelated to what Nefaria is doing."
Steve pauses in pouring Thor a drink to look at him. He opens his mouth to speak but is cut off by a high pitched yell of, “Thooooor!”
Tony groans and his face twists into a pained grimace. The arm wrapped around Mari tightens. Steve grips his shoulder and gives it a shake.
“B-but you’ve been limiting my sugar intake, and I can’t see, and-and my chest hurts, and I just want to go home,” she cries.
“My husband tends to be fairly satisfied with my performances.” He turns his head to place soft kisses to the tops of Tony’s cheeks and the bridge of his nose.
“Stark rule one: Don’t dumb yourself down for others. They can’t keep up, leave them in your dust. You think you make as many technological advances as I have by slowing down for the competition to catch up? Hell, when I was not much older than you I hacked into the NSA database just to see if I could.”
Tony arches a brow and flips to the page. Tony taps at his glasses and they light up as they translate what he is looking at. “You have a kill switch?”
“Well that’s why you hire a master of disguise. So that way in the event they see my face you will have all the time in the world to do whatever you need while they chase a ghost.”
“Why didn’t you come to us? To me? Why this hiding in the shadows game?” Steve takes a step towards him but Bucky takes one back.
“Sometimes that’s a skill you’ve got to learn as you grow up. But don’t worry. We’ll work on it.” He ruffles her hair.
“Yay! I like him better anyway.” She huffs and kicks her legs to be let down which Tony obliges. Tony arches his brow at the mess. He glances at Steve who’s only answer is a tired, “Don’t ask.”
“I won’t,” he answers and watches her leave with a thoughtful frown on his face. He sits back down, thinking over the nagging feeling in his gut.
She catches herself against the railing and clings to the bar. After a moment the stairs still but the ominous groaning continues.
She rubs at her eyes and frowns down at the plate. Phil from Hercules stares up at her. She picks it up and holds it out to him. “I want Pooh Bear.”
Tony opens his mouth to say something but frowns when Steve bolts in the direction Mari points. He grumbles and stands, keeping Mari perched on his hip. “Steve. Steve!” He sighs and turns to Mari who will not look at him.
The Asguardian turns in time to see a small figure barrel into his legs and wrap her arms around his knees in a hug. Tony comes inside after her, carrying the empty plates and the folder tucked under his arm. Sam and Clint follow soon after.
“I’ll help! I’ll help!” Mari chirps. She climbs down the stool and runs across the kitchen area. She grabs a towel and reaches up to wipe at the counter. She stands on her tiptoes and still is unable to reach past the first few inches of the counter. Steve smiles and pulls a barstool over. He then lifts Mari up on top of it and ruffles her hair.
“Yeah. He wants to be a good role model for Mari. Unfortunately he hasn't quite learned how to control his Dad powers yet.”
Steve puts the suitcase next to the center couch and goes to kneel next to her. “My heart will always belong to Brooklyn but I will admit that this view is pretty nice.”
“She’s got some bruising and some damage to her catheter. It’ll need to be replaced,” the medic tells him. “Possible broken wrist. Nothing immediately pressing but I’d like to get her upstairs soon.”
A low rumbling growl causes her body to stiffen. She turns slowly to look behind her as tears form in her eyes. The door to the closet creaks open and a bulky shape leans out of the door frame. Black shadow stretched over the hulking mass of a coiled predator. Sharp pointed fingers slide over the door and inky lips stretch across white needle like teeth into a wide smile. When a small whimper escapes past her lips the growl turns to a quiet, deep chuckle.
“Oh so you do listen to me after we’re patching you together from going off halfcocked.” Steve grimaces as the words leave his mouth. Now was not the time to rehash that argument. They had it often enough and Tony’s sharp glare confirms his misstep. Steve speaks in a softer tone. “I know you’re terrified about becoming your father-“ He stutters to a stop when he gets a face full of cloth.
“What on Earth is going on?” Nefaria goes to the door and looks down the hall after the guards only to see them get thrown back into a wall by a pulsar blast. He can hear the sound of whirring gears before War Machine steps into view. Glowing eyes glaring at him down the hall. A yell makes his head spin in the other direction in time to see one of his men thrown through a glass display case by Captain America. Nefaria barely makes it back into the room and slams the door shut before the shield is flying through the air, making a metallic ring as it slams into the door.
Tony glances at him before looking to Bruce with a furrowed brow. “So what? He’s looking to wreak havoc by scwary nightmwares? If he’s trying to ruin my sleep schedule jokes on him. I already don’t sleep.”
“Very well Sir. I won’t warn you that Mr. Odinson is about to show the young miss the ‘thrill of flight’ by tying her to Mjolnir and summoning it from across the room.”
Steve leans around the corner and looks into the room. He feels his heart squeeze as he lays his eyes on the woman sitting in a wingback chair. “Hey Peggy.” He steps into the room. “How are you feeling?”
Steve tucks the blankets around her and puts a stuffed dragon under the covers with her. “There we go. Now, do you remember where our bedroom is?”
Ms. Flander smiles. “Good girl.” She stands. “Alright. I will see you gentlemen hopefully in a week.
“Dismissed. I’ll see you all next week,” Steve says as he gathers up the papers and exits the room filled with laughing superheroes. He hears everyone file out behind him. After handing the paperwork over to the agent and gathering his bag, he heads out to the lobby. He smiles when he sees Tony and Mari and waves. Tony waves back but Mari, who is tangled under Thor’s cape, has not noticed him yet. Steve does not miss Tony’s smile slip when his eyes land on Steve’s sling. Steve puts his finger to his lips to keep Thor and Tony quiet as he sneaks up to the mass under the red fabric.
“Sorry to interrupt sir,” says Jarvis over the speaker. “But systems have been restored to the tower.”
Steve sets the mix aside and looks over to where Thor is giving an animated rendition of one of his adventures. Mari is sitting next to Rhodey on the edge of the couch with wide eyes and an even wider smile. Steve smiles and breaks the larger chunks up with the ladle. “I will admit of all the people I thought she’d warm up to first I didn’t think it would be Thor.”
“Just help Mari clean the windows please.” Steve returns to removing all the fingerprints and smudges from the stainless steel surface on the oven.
“You wanted me not to talk.” When the man reaches for his gun again she continues. “Papa is with the Avengers and Daddy is downstairs with Miss Pepper…he’ll be here soon…”
“About eleven days with no sleep what’s so ever. With intermitted sleep that time could be extended. But the stimulant doesn’t just cause nightmares.”
“I’m actually the lucky one.” Steve slowly removes himself and kisses the corner of Tony’s mouth when he winces. He then leans over and swipes his shirt from off the ground. He is about to swipe it over Tony’s stomach when he gets a look at the state it is already in. “Shit. I liked this shirt.”
“Good for you.” Steve reaches a hand up and forcibly turns the younger man’s head back towards the screen.
“Good. Because we are a hell of a lot more dysfunctional than this. Just wait until we start letting those hooligans back up here.”
“Might I suggest you adopt one of the older boys instead? Babies get adopted all the time. They’ll find a home. But the older kids have a tougher time because they aren’t as cute. I-I think Ivan Smith would be a good fit for you guys. He’s s-smart and really go-good at sports.” Tony smiles as she struggles to form her words clearly and stumbles over certain pronunciations. “But um Richie Volcrum would be good too. He can belch his ABCs backwards. I don’t know about you but I can’t belch past h going forward. Oh and there’s a boy who’s at the same foster home as me that is really good at guitar. I mean he’s still learning and stuff but he’s pretty awesome for six. His name is Lance Alvers.”
Steve pulls back and flashes him a smile. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He leans around Tony and looks at Mari, who had come up to stand in front of them, “What is it Kiddo?”
She turned to him pleading, with guilt heavy in her eyes. “I wanted to stay. I tried to fight with you but every time I got near an enemy you’d push me back. And every time you’d turn to yell at me to run, you’d get hurt. I’m sorry. I should have stayed. I shouldn’t have left you behind. They took you back and wiped you. They did all those things to you that you hated. They made you empty again.” Finally the glassiness that he had seen earlier turned into a flood. Her shoulders shook as sobs racked her body. “I’m sorry. I should have made Clint turn around for you. I should have come back. I tried to look for you after I joined SHIELD but all I could find was a terminated mission report. And then when you showed up again in Odessa, when you didn’t even blink when you saw me...I was so glad you were alive but I knew you were gone. This was something they weren’t supposed to take but they did anyway! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry James!”
“She…” Tony looks over at Mari who starts to run back to them. Steve smiles at Tony’s hanging jaw. Tony mumbles, “I’m Dad…?”
“Please, call me Tony.” Tony shakes her hand and then Ben’s. He winces at the strong grip the old man uses. “Um, Mari is with Steve visiting an old friend of ours right now but would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow?”
Bruce looks up at him with an exasperated look. “That sentence right there should be enough reason for you to keep me down here.”
“We found a busted up mosquito bot. Inside the head was a vial filled with a nerve agent. I tried reassembling it but there were a lot of pieces that were too twisted up. We couldn’t work out a manufacturer.”
“She’ll settle down once we are released.” Steve’s voice starts to rise as well and he straightens up, meeting Tony’s glare with his own. “How did this even happen?”
Steve fights a smile as he watches Mari use all of her focus to safely bring the cup over the arm of the chair to her lap.
“You’ll be fine. We have a schedule. Having a schedule keeps her calm and it will tell you what to do. You also have Jarvis and I’m sure if you ask nicely Pepper or Happy will help too. Right Jarvis?”
He watches the fear on her face turn to hesitant resignation. As the stairs tip Mari launches herself forward and leaps across the drop. He reaches forward as far as he can and still keep his footing. She goes flying and as she starts to fall short, he gets a grip on her arm and pulls her to his chest. As he falls against the wall, the stairs on the other side fall away and down the eighty story drop. He slides down to the ground, letting out a long exhale. Mari sobs into his shoulder, shaking.
“Towards the end of the mission, you didn’t want to give up who you became. You didn’t want to feel numb again and you didn’t want to see them send me off on some mission, never knowing if or when we’d see each other again. So we made contact with our target. Arranged to defect to the other side. We figured that being locked up by our enemies would be kinder than being caged by our masters. But the Red Room somehow found out. Both them and HYDRA sent agents that intercepted us on the way to the meet up point. Our contact was waiting and there were so many agents. We were running out of time...so you sent me ahead.”
“It was when we were on look out one time...we got to talking...it was cold…you know how hard it was for guys like me back then. When you find someone else...”
Mari turns and looks to the other end of the hall. Steve is leaning around the corner looking at her with a small frown and worried eyes.
Steve sits down next to him and takes his hand. “Let the others handle it for now.” When Tony does not answer he entwines their fingers. “How are you feeling?”
Tony and Steve share a look. Tony looks to Mari and says, “Why don’t you and Sam go finish breakfast out on the deck. You can bird watch with him and he can tell you bird facts.”
“Because you keep using the same conversation starters?” He finishes with his hair and moves to the body wash.
“We never stopped.” Mae cups Mari’s face in her hands and runs her thumbs over her cheeks. “We always kept fighting to get you back.”
“Oh that fills me with so much confidence.” He turns away and goes to his dresser to dig through a drawer. “Don’t know if you remember this but last time you met he shot you.” He jerks out a pair of sweats. “Three times. In the gut. Then he beat the shit out of you.” He shoves his pants down and jerks his legs into the cotton sweats.
“...whatever they did to me...it’s still up there. I can feel it. I don’t want to be left alone with her incase…” He clenches his jaw and swallows back the bile in the back of his throat.
Mari would have to stay in the guest bedroom though while it was being built. While necessary, the room was much further from his and Steve’s than he would like. He could probably survive sleeping on a blow up mattress for a few weeks. Wait. No way Steve is letting that fly-
“You want to know how many I had?” He marches over to the recycling and tosses the sheets in. “One. That was Rhodey. When I was fifteen at MIT.”
Mari starts to crawl out from under the table. When she sees Rhodey, a smile splits her face and she shoots out the rest of the way. “Uncle Jamie!” She crashes into his legs and squeezes tight.
“Right this way your majesty.” Tony says with a small bow before walking down a hall to the left of the entertainment center.
“I understand pip.” He hugs Tony to his chest. “Could you have maybe come to that conclusion three hours ago though?”
“It’s a surprise.” Tony collects the markers and puts them with the eraser on the coffee table. He waggles his eyebrows at her when she continues to frown at him.
“I wasn’t talking you.” He steps past her and walks to Pepper’s desk. “Not you, there’s a kid in here. I think it’s Stark’s.”
“Lets go get dressed and then we can go to the park. How does that sound?” When Mari starts nodding excitedly Tony looks out the corner of his eye at Steve who gives a subtle nod.
Steve puts a plate in front of Tony and sits on the other side of Mari with his own. “It still seems a bit excessive. Not all of those are related to her CKD. Should we have Bruce look at them?”
“We found something you’ll want to see,” she says as she places the beads at the corners of the table. They flare to life projecting the Avengers Intelligence Interface as Steve walks up.
Ironman rockets through the skies and comes to land in front of the concrete building. Tony steps out of his suit and onto the sidewalk, walking briskly past the black car, with his bored bodyguard leaning against it, and towards the entrance.
“Why do you need potassium iodide?” Bruce catches a whiff of their scents and scrunches up his nose. “And why do you two smell like butane lighters?”
“I’m not getting any younger James.” The short, stout woman crosses her arms and gives Rhodey a look that makes him feel like a chastised schoolboy again. “These two don’t have a single ovary between them and they still managed to have a kid before you. What happened to that nice girl from Spokane? The one with the cute little snort you found adorable?”
Steve looks sheepish and rubs at his neck. “Oh. That. Uh…” He starts to stand up. “Uh, hey Jarvis are the spare toiletries still in the hall closet?”
Steve quickly stuffs the last of his breakfast in his mouth and chases it down with orange juice before he stands. As he lifts Mari off the stool he says, “Come on. Let’s get you cleaned up and ready for the day. Tony think you can handle dishes?”
The monster which had taken to tearing through her closet did not miss the little sound and takes a step towards the bed.
Tony and Pepper walk down the hall and into the elevator. As they ride down Pepper says in a soft voice, “Fatherhood looks good on you Tony.”
“Yeah, we all know your love of being a real pill, which reminds me.” Steve goes to the cabinet and pulls out Mari’s medication box. “Let’s get these sorted before you start eating.”
All sound coming from the room stops and the shadow disappears from under the door. Mari purses her lips and glances back at her door before taking a deep breath and going up to open the door to her parent’s room. She looks around and is surprised to find the room in disarray. Clothes are hanging over the edge of drawers, the paper work from her father’s brief case is scattered around the floor, and the decorative box her mother kept her jewelry in lays on the floor with its lid ripped off. She turns to her parents who are lying in bed, still.
“Of course. We can’t wait to start a family,” says Steve as an excited smile stretches across his face.
“Eh, there’s plenty more food to go around. Speaking of around, we don’t have drinks. Let me get you drinks. Clint, help me get drinks.” Steve wraps an arm around Clint’s waist and carries him away so his feet are a few inches off the ground.
“Positive.” He pulls her away to kiss her cheeks, nose, and forehead before crushing her to his chest again.
“Bruce, how long can someone go without sleep before…” Steve glances down at Mari’s face. “You know.”
“Thanks. Even if I don’t feel very rested.” Tony reaches over to take the mug. He gulps it down only to choke and cough the gritty abomination back up into the cup. He looks at Steve horrified. “What did you do to my coffee!?!”
“Please, take a seat,” says the doctor holding out his hand to motion to the empty bean bag while he sits in the chair.
When Mari looks up from the merry-go-round, Bucky has the camera on his phone pointed at her. She raises a hand to wave only to cling back to the railing when the centrifugal force threatens to throw her off. She only squeaks out a “Hi!”
Bruce watches Tony out of the corner of his eye and sees the man’s face crumble. His shoulders drop and he takes an aborted step forward. After the syringe is pulled out, Mari’s sobbing quiets and she slumps against Steve’s chest with drooping eyelids.
She nods before running over to the couches. Tony glances between her and the fridge's surface before putting everything away. Mari comes to the end of the couch and stares up Hulk.
“Always such a comedic relief. Why is the elevator taking so long?”  He presses the button again. “If this problem has spread to the elevators and I have to climb ninety flights of stairs to get to my lab, I will throttle whoever is behind it.”
“No. I can’t be scared anymore…I want to be a big girl…” With that she then moves to the left and picks up the shield from Thor. Tony watches with a quirked eyebrow as she holds it up and walks towards the closet again. She gets closer this time but as her hand reaches for the handle, he can see the tremor shaking it. He kneels behind her and puts his hand on the knob instead.
“Yeah! And look at the watch Daddy made me!” She held out her right arm to reveal the thick white band. She presses one of four buttons and green numbers with the time and smaller numbers with some sort of data appears on the surface. “Do you like it?” She spins around and gets her feet tangled in Thor’s cape. Steve’s arm shoots out and steadies her.
“…ok so I shouldn’t be around kids. Sue me!” Clint goes back to his plate and Steve removes his hand from Mari’s eyes.
“Justified Steve.” Bucky stands to face him. “He’s being justified. I killed his parents. Now you want me sleeping across the hall from his little girl.”
“That’s your own fault. If you hadn’t made so many Capsicle jokes she wouldn’t have come up with Popsicle.”
Steve comes around the corner when she sits up with Tony’s help and tugs at her hair with frantic hands. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. Don’t be mad. Please. I didn’t mean to break it. It was an accident.” She bursts into body wracking sobs. “Please don’t hate me. I’m sorry. Please.”
While she is distracted Tony pops a pill through her wide smile and clamps a hand over it before she can spit it out. He holds up a glass of apple juice in front of her. “You going to cooperate this morning?” With a pout Mari takes the glass and washes down the pill. She coughs and Tony rubs her throat. “I know. Just a couple more.” He holds the remaining pills in front of her.
Steve frowns and pulls away from their messy kisses when his hand fails to find the tube he’s looking for. He leans over to look in the drawer. “Where there hell is-…Oh you’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
“I’m not letting you run away anymore.” They roll and Steve feels the ground transition from grass to concrete.
“That’s right.” He sets the towel aside to tug her shirt on. “And that’s how it is with us. I love you more than I could describe.” He cups her face between his hands and squishes her cheeks in. “But that doesn’t mean I love your dad any less. And just because you love your great aunt and uncle doesn’t mean you have any less love to give us.” He kisses her nose. “So no. I’m not mad. In fact the more people that love you the better in my books.” He kisses her nose again and slips on her glasses. “Let’s go say nite, nite to Daddy.”
“I’m her father, I think Steve will understand.” He takes another step forward only for the agent to step back again.
Tony growls and bucks his hips. “Take my damn clothes off already. And yours too while you’re at it soldier boy.”
“Mama was the smartest person in the whole world! She knew everything. She taught me how to use a computer.”
“No. I thought he was the man from your exhibit but he said he wasn’t even though he looked like he was. And he REALLY looked like he-“
She leans around her cover and fires a shot off. The bullet hits a light fixture causing it to crash down onto her assailant. The man stumbles out from his cover and she fires two more shots. The man falls and does not get back up. “I’m good. Thanks.”
She reaches up and tugs at her hair, her gaze shifting to over his shoulder. “You said you’d show me how to make edible crafts out of apple slices.”
“No.” She unclips the baton from her belt and snaps it out. “I’ve got this.” As she comes around a corner she swings the baton out hitting the unsuspecting guard in the face.
The tech spins around on him. “Well next time you want to kill someone in their dreams, DON’T PICK AN INSOMNIAC!”
OMG talk about the writer's block from hell. I kind of wrote myself into a hole and didn't know how to get out. Finally worked it out though and I have a more concrete plan now. Who knew flying by the seat of your pants wasn't always the best idea?
“My apologies friends.” Thor says as he turns to the other adults. “Young Mari was telling me about her lineage and how excited she is to meet all of us.”
She follows. “That’s because it’s true.” She puts the chairs she gathered on the rack as well. “It also helps if you have a good support system.”
He was just going to close his eyes to get a few extra minutes of sleep. Just a couple and then he’d be ready for the day. Next he knew though he was staring at that god forsaken portal. He had seen this particular view enough times to know that he was dreaming but seeing it slowly close in front of him still had his heart pounding against his chest. He spins around trying to locate his suit on the desolate rock but it was nowhere in sight. His head snaps back up to the portal in time to see it shut with a pop. His heart feels like it is about to burst as he tears his eyes away and back to the landscape. Well, at least his team mates were not littering the ground this time.
Steve shifts the strap on his sling and then shuffles the papers into the folder in front of him. Steve, Thor, Janet, Sam and Clint are gathered in a SHIELD meeting room finishing their debriefing for the mission.
“Heads don’t pop back so easily. The brain is very sensitive. He needs help getting back on his feet.” Mari sets the bear on his feet only for it to topple. “See? Just an absolute mess.”
“If you try and tell me this isn’t my fault I’m going to be the one hulking out.” He shoots Bruce a glare.
She bites her lip and looks around them. Her eyes go to the cars but she does not see any purple ones. She swivels her head around but she still cannot see anything. She bends down over his head to look in his eyes. “I don’t see it. Did we already pass it?”
Tony and Rhodey say, “War Machine.” At the same time Steve says, “Iron Patriot.” They look at each other.
Tony stands and gives the doctor a small bow. “Xièxiè. I appreciate you flying here to see me every month.”
“Right. Sorry. I have trouble not talking. Zipping my lip. Right now.” Tony flashes a Stark smile Dr. Krevin’s way.
Aaron steps aside to let them in. He leans down and waves to Mari who stays clinging to the back of Steve’s thigh. “There’s some tea and biscuits in the sitting room for you. All kidney friendly of course.” He directs the last bit to Steve.
“You want a tootie noise?” he says and angles himself away from her lifting off the chair an inch. “I’ll show you-“
She leans in and says...something. It sounds like she is talking through water. He can’t hear what she is saying but there is a feeling niggling at the back of his head that he knows what the words are. He hears a deeper rumble answer back. She laughs and leans forward to kiss him. She pats his cheek with her left hand. He feels warm metal. As she gets up, he sees the glint of a ring. Just a simple silver band on her left hand.
“Yeah. That way I won’t have to have a closet. B-but I’m going to get my own bathroom! And it’s going to have a toilet seat just my size so I don’t fall in again!” In a quiet voice she says, “Thor’s butt is huuuge.”
“Thank you.” Steve turns back to the table to see Tony gathering all of the sheets of paper into one pile. All of them. “What are you doing?”
Steve then takes the presents the new arrivals brought and puts them aside on the table behind the couch with Mari continuing to cling to his leg. Rhodey and Pepper move to sit on the couch. Steve joins them and pries Mari off his leg to sit her on his lap. Since she seems reluctant to speak Pepper and Rhodey tell her about themselves and working with Tony. It doesn’t take long for the conversation to deteriorate into ‘Embarrassing Stories about Tony Time’. It has Mari rolling in laughter so Tony just pouts from the breakfast bar, nursing a fruit punch. Ten minutes in, the elevator bings. Mari looks over the back of the couch and watches Happy and Sam walk in. Tony takes their gifts to put next to Rhodey and Pepper’s.
Steve takes the bottle and shakes out her dosage. “Well it’s supposed to make you feel better sooooo,” he slides over the medication and a glass of water. “Have at it Kiddo.”
“Why would I be mad?” He takes an edge of the towel to mop it before he untangles her fingers from her hair.
Tony opens his mouth to shoot back a retort only to be interrupted by a yawn. “Okay fine. But you still need a plan.”
“Okay.” He winces when she tightens her legs around his protesting ribs. “Next time Auntie Pep says she has an emergency…we’ll just let her handle it. That sound like a plan?”
Guess what! I'm not dead! But I am currently getting my Master's right now so my sluggish updates will be much more sluggish. This chapter is mostly fluffy. I'll probably spend 2-3 more chapters getting Bucky settled in and then we'll move onto the next installment. That will be a lot of
“Ow! Right in the kneecap.” She looks up at the large blurry figure. “Kiddo, what have I told you about running around without your glasses?”
“Now that we apparently have to fear attacks from the Kindergarten League,” says Sam, at which point Steve hangs his head and rubs his throbbing shoulder. “Will our training be reflecting that? Such as drills in what to do during a temper tantrum or the use of the tickling method?”
“And in case you don’t realize it,” Clint says. “An assassin painting every single bullet is both a pain in the ass and stupid. So this was left on purpose. He wants us to know he’s in town.”
The doctor sighs and forces a tense smile back on his lips. “Marianna and I were talking about adjusting to life in a new environment. I thought it would be helpful if you shared what it’s like having Marianna in the tower now.” He holds out the toy to Tony.
Her tense shoulders relax and she lowers the shield when she sees only her clothes and shoes on the other side. He frowns when she rushes in and grabs the closest jacket and shoes. On her way out she shuts the door and shakes the handle to make sure it’s firmly closed. Once assured her frown immediately turns into a smile and she holds the articles up for examination.
The billionaire leans over and places a kiss on his frowning husband’s cheek before taking a seat next to him.
Steve lowers his voice and says, “I want to lose Mari as much as you do Pip…but they’re her family. Despite how terrible your father was wouldn’t you give anything to see him and your mother again? I know I would if I could see anyone from my old life. Finding out Peggy was still alive, seeing her…Letting Mari see them could do her some good.”
“But that doesn’t matter now. Now, we are here and we are never letting you go again.” Mae squeezes her tighter.
Bucky stares at the platters of ham, eggs, and bacon. His mouth waters at the sheer size of the piles.
As she settles back into her chair a pain flares behind his eyes. He cringes and when he opens his eyes again his vision is blurry on the edges. The living room flickers and instead of the sleek black floors they’re scraped, stained wood floors. Instead of a plush modern armchair he saw one that was threadbare and faded. The woman in it was younger but her hair was just as red if not curlier. He thought he could hear the static of an older radio in the background.
“Very good Mr. Stark,” says Dr. Wu removing the stethoscope. “Everything sounds in order. At least as much order as a man with a reactor in his chest can be.”
It wasn’t all terrible though. He found watching the little squirt helped release some of the tension. She was uncomplicated. Aside from when she spewed math and science jargon at him. Watching her was easy. Make sure she didn’t swallow anything and keep her away from keyboards. And Mari had warmed up quite a bit to him. She enjoyed reading the Captain America comics with him and hearing his version of events and sticking magnets to his arm. One time it took him an hour to realize everyone was giggling at him because she had written lady killer in magnet letters on his arm. It took him another hour to dig himself out of that hole when Steve demanded how she learned that term. Tony was wary at first, always hovering nearby, watching to make sure nothing went wrong. But eventually he relaxed when Mari started calling him her second favourite Uncle James.
“Oh no. She’s already using that excuse?” A look of horror settles on Steve’s face as Tony starts laughing.
Mari buries her face in Mae’s shoulder and sobs. Ben leans in and whispers something low in Icelandic.
“I wouldn’t exactly call building a fully functional circuit board fumbling, but why don’t we just send her to the school you went to?”
“Eh, we might as well get the ball rolling on our own pediatrician. You know how he keeps insisting he’s ‘not that that kind of doctor’.”
“Banner. Calm down. Just no sudden movements and she won’t attack. I think.” He glances over his shoulder to smirk at Bruce who gives him an unamused look.
She nods, coming out into the open. She reaches out and rubs the soft material of the scarf between her fingers.
“Where does she learn this stuff?” Bucky asks as he watches his best friend play chicken with a child that barely passes his knee.
They are interrupted by a long and loud honk. Steve looks up to see a car hurtling towards them. Bucky uses the distraction to punch Steve in the jaw. The blonde goes rolling back onto the sidewalk and Bucky rolls further into the street. The car drives in between them. When Steve looks up again Bucky is gone. He shoots up and into the street, spinning in a circle. He sees no sign of his friend. Bucky is gone. Again. He sighs and runs a hand through his hair. There is a cough behind him and he turns. Three of the college students from earlier are standing on the sidewalk holding their ball and a marker.
“Right.” Tony lowers himself down but is taken by surprise when he sinks right into the bag causing the foam pellets to make a large squeak and his knees to be shoved up against his chest.
They all share a look before Bucky says, “A few memories are starting to come back to me. Ones where I’m married to Nat...”
He watches as she seems to try and decide whether to go over and do something or go back to her games. Steve’s influence seems to win because she straightens her back and marches over towards the three bullies. The three bullies twice her size. And judging by the bruise forming on the little boy’s cheek, ones with an obvious mean streak.
“You did what you had to, to survive.” Steve leans over and runs his hand through her hair. “There’s no shame in that and your father and I are just glad you came out in one piece.”
“But I’m tiiiiiiirrrrrrrreeed.” When Steve turns to walk back out the door, Tony can see her lower lip stuck out in a pout.
“Ok…ok.” Tony says in a calm voice despite his heart hammering against his chest. He takes a deep breath and removes his suit jacket, tossing it aside. “Mari, Kiddo, I don’t know if that landing up there is stable so I need you to come down here to me.”
Tony takes the sheet from Steve. “She’s a Stark. She was getting accepted either way. But we’ll put it in the maybe pile.” He lets the paper slide from his hand to join the other three sheets.
The thrumming of motorcycles echo through the parking garage of Avengers Tower. Steve rounds the corner at a break neck speed and comes to a screeching stop in front of a waiting SHIELD agent. He gets off and nearly knocks a pale and slightly green Bruce off the back in his haste.
“Naw I’m pretty sure that’s due to the attention span and bird puns. Sam and I already combed the place Nat. Even you have looked over the area once already. If they WERE there they aren’t anymore.”
Tony makes a motion of locking his lips but struggles to not unravel into a mess of laughter. Dr. Krevin holds out his hand to Mari with an exasperated face. She hands the toy over.
“Is that really all we have waiting for us? This eternal shit hole we call lives?” A woman with a prosthetic leg asks.
“Hey! That’s milk for the table you barbarian!” Sam is now the one leaning over but Bucky reaches up and presses his metal hand against Sam’s face.
Bruce smirks and stands to turn the screen back on. “A week here and she’s already playing you like a fiddle.”
She pulls away enough to glance at Bucky. Then she wraps her arms tight around her bear but Steve keeps his grip on her. “The shadow was sitting in my room again,” she says in such a soft whisper that if Bucky didn’t have enhanced hearing, he’d miss it.
Tony throws up his hands. “You’ll spoil lunc-oh who am I kidding.” He follows behind them to the stand. When he comes up to Steve, he intwines their fingers.
“Eventually it won’t feel like a shit hole. It’ll just be your life. Until then, we just need to find a reason to get us to the next day.” Sam meets each person’s eyes. “Okay. That it’s for today. Everyone stay safe out there.”
“Only when we try to cook anything more complicated than scrambled eggs, hamburgers, or steak. I know just enough not to starve to death and Tony…well he has a phone and enough money to hire a private chef.”
“Of course Kiddo.” He wraps his arms around her in a hug and lifts her up. He walks them out of the bathroom, Jarvis turning off the lights and heating lamp behind them, and into her bedroom across the hall. “You’re having lunch with them tomorrow, remember?” He sets her feet on the bed and grabs her PJ bottoms. He shakes them out. As he holds them out for her to step into, his eyes zero in on her teeth gnawing on her bottom lip. “What’s wrong?” He looks up into her eyes.
“But I’m not brave. I’m not like you or Pops or Daddy. I’m scared. All the time.” Her voice breaks on the last word.
“And get a chance to spoil you rotten and turn you into a stereotypical rich kid? Definitely,” says Tony.
Bucky is about to give her an amused reply when he hears the door open and Tony says, “Mari, what are you doing up? It’s way past your bedtime. I already let you stay up as it is.”
“Goodbye.” Steve kisses his cheek. He walks over, kisses the top of Mari’s head and then ruffles her hair. “Bye Kiddo. I love you.”
Tony and Rhodey shove against each other some more before Tony loses possession of his camera to Natasha. Mari giggles and turns back to the box in her lap. The camera gets passed around the Avengers and everyone gets pictures as she opens the different presents. She gets a Rubik’s cube from Bruce, a nerf pistol from Natasha, a shield from Thor with a promise for battle practice, companion erector sets from Pepper and Happy, a nerf archery kit from Clint, What’s Her Face dolls from Rhodey, and a child’s baseball glove with two adult ones from Sam. Then Steve and Tony surprised her with presents of their own. Steve with an art kit and Tony with an Avengers action figure set. After the presents were open it did not take long for Clint to turn it into a nerf battle. He went to his room and brought back pieces from his own nerf armory. After the apartment is in shambles and what seems like hours of absolute chaos the party dissolves, the super husbands are able to get some dinner into Mari and then off to prepare for bed. Mari passes out before they can even get her dialysis done. Steve cradles Mari against his chest while Tony watches the machine.
“Oh right. I’m sorry sir.” The agent looks sheepish and his face goes a subtle red. “Well while they were two of the three that were injured, as far as I know neither were taken to medical.”
“Of course. Although technically you’re a Rogers-Stark but you know…Stark is in there…” He gives her shoulder an awkward pat. “Unless you want to keep your old name…”
“Dr. Krevin said I was too much for you. That you had to leave because of me. It was all my fault.” Mari bursts into tears and Mae pulls her close with Ben wrapping his arms around them both.
“And if they don’t,” Tony says. “Then I’ll have the perfect reason to banish them from the apartment forever.
Steve turns and looks at the soggy kitchen and blackened food. “Well, I think dinner is pretty much ruined.”
“Condition!?!” Bucky winces as the woman’s voice goes higher in pitch. “She has a condition!?! What condition!?! Did you bring a sick child to the park to infect everyone else!?!”
“Tony,” Pepper says. “I can handle things here and Steve can look after Mari while you get checked out.”
She clambers down from Bucky’s lap before running to wrap her arms around Tony’s leg. “But I was scared.”
Steve makes an aborted motion to grab the young agent by his collar and shake him. Steve takes a deep breath and runs his hand down his face. He speaks in a tight controlled voice. “Son, I live here with my husband and five year old daughter. You really think I’m wanting to hear about the damn tower!?!”
Mari now had thick rectangular purple glasses. Tony had also styled her hair so the frizzy mess was shaped more into swoops which combined with the Black Sabbath shirt and glitter jeans made her look like a little punk rocker.
“Are either one of them allergic to anything? Like is there anything that if thrown at them could cause…bodily harm…?”
The Captain marches forward. “You’re on my shit list Count.” He grabs him by the collar and lifts him from the ground. “Let’s not make this more painful than it’s going to be for you.”
Tony races up what remains of the stairs. The steps fall away on the next level. Tony looks up and sees most of the steps above him have been blown away with huge chunks barely clinging to the walls. He hears a yelp followed by the sound of falling stone. He looks up and ducks back in time to avoid the falling concrete. He looks back up where it came from. His heart stops when he sees Mari trying to climb up a set of stairs hanging at a precarious angle. Her glasses are missing and he can see where her hair and clothes were singed by the explosion.
“A little. Give me twenty.” He lays back down and stretches out. He tugs on Mari’s foot. “You go easy on your old man Kiddo.”
Tony’s head jerks up when he sees a fast moving figure out of the corner of his eye. His body tenses for a fight before he gets a better look at it. He watches as a young girl with fluffy brown hair race down the hall. She stumbles to a halt when she passes the potted plant sitting next to the bench Tony is standing in front of. She back pedals and jerks the fake plant and dirt out of its large pot. She climbs into the pot and replaces the plastic shrubbery back over the top. Tony arches an eye brow when he hears a winding noise from the inhabited pot. The plant pops back up and a small arm escapes out to place a windup toy on the ground. When she lets go the toy goes racing down the hall and bounces off the walls. He watches as the toy disappears around the corner.
“I know.” She averts her eyes to the shield, running her fingers over the surface. “It’s all just in my head.”
“Well, one might say that the delicate science of measuring highly combustible materials to create a symphony of volatile reactions is an art…”
Bucky was about to shoot him another sarcastic remark but then he turned and saw Steve’s brilliant red face. “Nooooo. With who? Don’t say Howard. That would just be weird considering-”
Steve kneels down next to her. “We weren’t sure how much you’d be bringing but we can go shopping tomorrow for more clothes and toys if you want.”
Dr. Wu nods and watches Tony leave before he turns and says in Chinese, “Alright Zhao, onto the next ca-“ He furrows his brow when he does not see his assistant. He looks around him trying to spot the young physician. “Zhao?”
“I’m sure he’s just going to check some of their old spots.” Natasha says to Tony over Mari’s crying. “That shouldn’t take him too long.”
He chuckles. “Thanks.” He looks at the holograms displayed in front of Tony. “I take it we’ve figured out who our intruder is.”
“Ya’d think but apparently paranoia is a common trait in these rich folks. Couldn’t figure it out through my normal means so the Count hired the great Chameleon to get the data I needed. If it makes ya feel better we weren’t expecting the rugrat to be there either.”
He looked around himself and saw a trail leading away. Steve follows the trail through the trees and comes out the other side into an open grass area. There are people milling about either sitting on benches or in the grass or walking their dogs. He scans the area. There were some people out but the cloudy day kept a lot of people inside so Central Park was not overly crowded. Steve spots who he is looking for by chance. A hundred yards away, dressed in a thick jacket, ball cap, and dark cargo pants, Bucky glances off to his left unintentionally giving Steve a shot of his profile.
Tony’s face twists into a scowl but before he can say anything Steve asks, “So Oscorp or somebody kept removing his profile every time you added it?”
“We both had heightened senses Buck. We weren’t gonna let some Nazis get the drop on us. And it wasn’t like it lasted that long.”
Steve pauses in his eating to go to the fridge. He grabs a large pickle jar off the top and sets it on the counter in front of the slack jawed archer. He turns it so the paper label taped to the front reading “Cuss Jar” is forward. Steve goes back to his plate and says, “It only applies to this floor and any room that one-“ He points at Mari with his fork. “-is on.”
Steve tries to frown at his husband but a smile causes the corners of his mouth to twitch. “Shut up pip.” He knocks Tony’s shoulder as he walks past him to the kitchen.
“OH MY GOD! JARVIS! FIND MARI BEFORE STEVE GETS BACK! I CAN’T BELIEVE THIS! I’VE ONLY BEEN A FATHER FOR TWENTY HOURS AN-” Tony comes running out into the living area and slows when he sees Mari staring at him from the stool. “-nnnnnnd you’re out here.”
“That’s Jarvis. I’ve set it up where if anyone cusses, he makes that sound to let people know they owe the cuss jar a dollar.” Tony smirks and puts Mari’s plastic fork in her hand when she does not start eating. She starts putting scoops of egg in her mouth with slow movements.
Mari’s smiling face drops as he approaches the door. In her head she hears growling and a low whisper. She lets out a small whine.
“That’s all anyone expects.” She gives her cheek one more pat before leaning back. “Now go into that cabinet over there and open the bottom door. There is a little something in there that I think will help.”
“Okay.” She stands and moves towards the playground only to pause to look at him with a hesitant look.
Tony’s hands pause. “…you didn’t see her face Steve…she was so scared…we told her she’d be safe with us and I-“
“We have a handful of boys in our nursery. Would you like to meet them now? See if any are a good fit?”
“I’m troublesome. I can do things little kids aren’t supposed to know how to do…I try to be like the other kids but it’s so boring…I end up doing things that make people mad…”
He jerks to a stop and looks up. He looks between Natasha and the badly beaten man a few times with wide eyes. Then Natasha jabs her captive in the side of his neck with a widow bite. As he jolts and falls to the ground unconscious the hipster scrambles to get to the lift. As he slips in and reaches to slam the alarm, Natasha slides in and pushes him into the back wall. She steps forward and grips his sweater. With a flick of her wrist her widow bites crackle with electricity. “DON’T KILL ME I’LL TELL YOU EVERYTHING! YOU WANT TO NOW ABOUT THE COUNT!?! I’LL TELL YOU ALL ABOUT THE COUNT! I WILL ROLL FASTER THAN A-“ He goes stock still when Nat lays a finger against his mouth.
“Unbelievable,” says Sam. “I can’t take you super soldiers anywhere. Anyway, the others are thinking of heading to the sandwich shop on the corner. You up for it?”
“Not as far-“ Falcon grunts with effort. “As far as I can tell. Looks like Thor got out the few that were in there before the building came down.”
“I sure as heck didn’t think you would either.” Steve bends the rifle over his knee still in the bag. Then he hooks it onto his hover bike. “Are you with Hydra again? Did they get to you?”
“Ha, ha. Very funny,” Tony snaps as he moves to the coffee maker. “Why are you even here? Shouldn’t you be out jogging circles around Sam going, ‘On your left’?”
The blonde was biting back his laughter. “Mari helped me make your lunch. I guess she snuck in a little something when I wasn’t looking. That bad?”
Steve leans in and presses his lips to Tony in a quick touch and turns to Mari. “Hey Kiddo. Kiddo. Mari!”
Tony leans in even more and makes fish faces. “That’s not how hashtags work Rhodey. Come on. Give me your bitc-“
Steve takes Mari’s hand and leads her back towards her room. Over his shoulder he says, “Surprisingly enough, none of them wanted to work for us after Loki turned the last one into a frog.”
She sticks out her lower lip and crosses her arms before turning to glare at Bucky. “You’re off the team meanie.”
“Yeah but you’re not going to like it,” Clint says as the motorcyclist takes a sharp turn into an alley with Sam hot on his trail turning perpendicular to the ground to fit between the buildings.
She passes all the closed doors until she sees one that is open at the end of the hall. She peaks her head inside it when suddenly the door behind her flies open causing her to jump and yelp. She turns and releases her breath when it turns out to be a young blonde girl. The preschooler skips out to stand in front of the full length mirror halfway between the two sides of the hall. The girl has platinum blonde hair rolled into ringlets and is wearing a white canvas shirt and pastel floral pants. She had started making poses and kissy faces at her reflection.
“Please do it soon,” says Sam. “I was only here for the tail end of the Stony incident and that was painful enough. I’d rather not watch it again from the beginning.”
Tony lets out a shout and jerks awake. His head whips around before his eyes land on her in a wide stare.
“Considering she’s never had one before I can guarantee it.” She slows her pace as she comes across a homeless man. She stops a block down from him.
“I think you mean physiotherapy and he’s a stuffed bear kiddo. After Uncle Bruce sewed him up, he was right as rain,” says Tony.
“You should have seen all the onesies I had picked out.” Tony chases his lips and coaxes Steve’s lips apart with a slide of his tongue along the seam. Steve groans and lets Tony’s tongue slide alongside his own. Tony pulls Steve close and rubs at the stiff nipple pressing against the fabric of the thin t-shirt Steve has on.
At that moment the elevator doors open. Mari’s runs out, down the hall, and into the main living area. There’s a large sixty inch TV mounted into an entertainment center with two plush couches and a matching arm chair facing it. Across from that is a kitchen with a breakfast bar and all the latest appliances. There was a small table with chairs just off to the side of that. But the main feature was the back wall. The entire wall was a shock proof glass that looked onto the large deck and the city beyond it. Mari runs up and presses herself against the glass.
He gives her a small smile before pulling her in for a hug and a kiss to the head. “Nite, nite Kiddo.”
Steve arches an eyebrow and kneels down to open the drawer. He stares at her curled up form hiding under her quilt. “…What are you doing in there?”
“Why is he so worried?” Jan asks Sam in a whisper while Steve dials. “It’s not like Tony can’t take care of himself...most of the time…”
“You’re so cool. You did all these things, went all these places and you don’t even need powers or a cool suit. I wish I could be like you.”
“You sure you don’t need some help? Stark has been working on a little toy for Falcon and somebody might have found the joy stick.”
“Of course not!” Tony plucks her off the counter and gives her a toss. He catches her and gives her a sloppy kiss on the cheek.
They turn and move more into the living room. Mari hugs Steve’s leg tighter and moves to hide behind him. Rhodey pauses a few steps away. Pepper walks up and kneels down in front of her.
She answers with a grumble. Then, without lifting her head, she stretches out her hand reaching for her fork.
They resume their trek to the elevator. When they come up to the door Tony taps a code into a keypad next to it. The doors open and they step in.
“But that’s just your superhero name right?” she asks. “You’re not like ‘the’ god of thunder are you? The one who will have to fight Jormungand at Ragnarok?”
In between quick partings for air Steve mumbles against Tony’s lips, “Y-you…said something…about…a quickie…earlier?”
Bucky tilted his head and furrowed his brow when he started to see the slightest hint of glassiness to her eyes. Then in a blink her back straightened and she stepped around him, walking towards the penthouse. “Follow.”
“Well, yeah. The MacFarley boys were swell. And there was Lucy and Belle. A few other kids from the neighbourhood…”
Steve sits back up and gives Tony an amused and tired smile. He then returns to the pile of eggs and bacon in front of him.
“No! You can take my life but you'll never take my cereal!” She dashes around the island to avoid his grasp.
Mari’s eyes dart towards the door when she hears it creak open. She curls around her stuffed dragon and mashes it against her mouth. She watches the figure walk towards the bed and sit on the mattress. The lamp light comes on a second later.
“You’re just sour because now you’re picking up lunch next,” she says as she mounts her bike with a small smile. “See you in two hours?”
Peggy reaches across the end table and brushes her fingers along Mari’s cheek. “And you think we aren’t scared? Believe me dear you can’t do what we do and not be scared. Bravery isn’t the absence of fear it is the ability to act in spite of it.”
Natasha grabs the man’s arm and twists. “Look, I have things to do. So start spilling your guts or I will spill them for you.”
“HEY!” She glares at Bucky who just shrugs. She then turns to Tony who sits across from them and points at Steve who is putting the cereal back. “DADDY!”
“Last night I was pissed because I had three hours of sleep and he pulled his usual bullshit where he makes decisions that affect US without asking me first. Steve is in the dog house because he’s Steve. Not anything you did.”
Tony chuckles and the three men walk out of the examination room. “Nobody can ever accuse me of not knowing how to travel in style. Enjoy your day Dr. Wu and again, thank you.”
Tony turns and steps aside to reveal Mari sitting on the desk behind him. Her glasses are missing and her clothes are in a disarray. They are covered in dust and he can see parts of her clothes and hair have been singed. An EMT is pressing at her stomach and along her sides. Where her health monitor used to rest there is now a splint wrapped around her wrist. She squints at him as she tries to make out his blurry shape and he notices the tear streaks that have cut through the dirt on her cheeks.
They continue talking in Icelandic much to the confusion to the rest of the room. Pepper looks to Steve and Tony. “Do you two know what they’re talking about?”
“Few cyberattacks over the years that left her targets’ head spinning so fast they couldn’t tell their pie holes from their assholes.” Ka-ching sounds. “What the fuck was that?” Another ring.
She shoots a panicked look at him then down at the page again. “U-um…no…no it’s nothing! Don’t look!”
“Yeah, after spending literal years dancing around each other,” Clint says. “He doesn’t have time to drool after Nat for the next five years.”
What he does not know is that his assistant had turned in the other direction after they left the examination room and made his way towards the back exit. As he passes a bin he slips off his white coat and shucks it through the hole. He finds his way out of the building and into an alley before he pulls out a cell phone and flips it open. He punches in a number and waits for the ringing on the line to stop before saying, “Stark just received the last of the injections. He still doesn’t know.”
Tony leads him and Nat towards the living room speaking in a hushed voice. “Ease off the caps lock there big guy. She’s starting to loosen up but she’s still shy.”
The Captain throws his shield again. He hits an agent and dodges another’s fire. He catches the shield on rebound and rushes him. He checks him. He throws his shield and ducks. The shield hits an agent to his right and an arrow whizzes over the Captian, hitting a HYDRA agent behind him. He rolls and grabs his shield. He sees Falcon swoop down and takes out a row of men. A sharp boom echoes and Thor bursts into the sky. The god throws his hammer into the thick of the enemy creating a crater and throwing the men to the ground. That’s when the jet with the prisoners roars to life.
Tony gives him a tired annoyed look. “I was just thinking that girls are so much easier and cleaner.”
When the bald man sees the cape disappear around the corner he grumbles under his breath, “Ungrateful bastard…”
