Mycroft trusted that he had managed the right amount of condescension. It wouldn’t do to let the opportunity to show his displeasure at his little brother’s deplorable smoking habits slip by, and at the same time he didn’t want to come off as too stern when he knew very well that there were other, far more undesirable habits he brother could have chosen instead. In comparison, a cigarette or two was nothing.
“What is that you have treated yourself to this time? The records from your past included quite an extensive list. Is it perhaps a repeat performance from those hazy days or have you been inventive with that chemistry set of yours?”
Sure, there was always Magnussen to worry about, wherever he was lurking at the moment, but even if they stumbled upon him somewhere downstairs, he would be easier for Mycroft to handle.
On the other hand, Mycroft would not have chosen his brother for this assignment if he hadn't been condident that he would be able to pull it off, it was just the akwardness of having to witness it all that made him slightly uncomfortable.
If it was on account of the dashing figure his brother was cutting in the slim-fit suit, because his was the younger brother to the reputable Mycroft Holmes or if it was because of his invigorating brazenness among a group of people who had turned smarminess along with stuffy politeness into an art form, was difficult to say, but the interest in Magnussen’s eyes were there all the same.
John himself felt decidedly captivated even if the cigarette annoyed him a bit.  His patient looked positively shaggable with the sun casting streaks of light in his hair and making the pale skin remarkably translucent. Like a statue come to life.
“No, my sister’s bloke was blond and short, so clearly not the same one then. Goes to show you that this can happen to anyone though and you shouldn’t waste time mourning someone like that. My sister certainly didn’t. She has a steady companionship these days and seems very content with that.”
He actually looked relaxed for once. Normally there was always this feeling of pent-up energy radiating from him, even straight after sex, a restlessness that sometimes worried John a bit.
“No, I don’t think so. The thing about Victor is that he theoretically is very jealous and suspect everyone of trying to steal me away from him, he watches my every move like a hawk and thinks that an act of infidelity is bound to happen at any second.
“What purpose will a refusal serve? We need to keep looking for that vault of his. You can hardly do that if not continuing to be in his company, however unpleasant I understand it to be, having barely made it past a casual encounter with the man myself.”
But the idea that the man would try something more intimate with Sherlock was admittedly not a pleasing thought and if needed, Mycroft might have to intervene if he saw signs of that happening. Better him than John anyway.
“Oh, he is definitely still in fighting form, don’t you worry about that,” John grumbled, his eyes narrowing.
Done with watching himself put on a cringe-worthy performance, he switches to another camera, a live-feed version this time.
John looked at him, searching for a hint of trickery in what little he could discern of his shrouded features but realised that there was no way he would be able to tell if Sherlock was lying, simply by looking for clues. Sherlock needed to talk and not until John had heard what he had to say would he be able to make a decision on what to do next.
“What’s this??!” he hisses and closes the distance between them, jerking his head in the direction of the screen.
The inside was just as bad as the outside, dirty floor, dead leaves, cobwebs hanging from the ceiling, filth everywhere and he was pretty sure an animal had died in a corner somewhere on account of the smell.
John tightened his jaw, while closing his eyes for a moment to keep his boiling anger in check. However outlandish it sounded, it seemed as if he did not have the upper hand in this situation right now and it would therefor be foolish to continue arguing the case.
Mycroft realised that it would be easier for John to fake indignation over a drug abuse if he actually thought there was real one happening, so in a way he knew Sherlock had been right about fooling John about that particular detail.
“What’s that supposed to mean? He can’t be held responsible for me hating the food at this place. What’s he supposed to do about it, come around to force-feed me? Or is that
“As I said: not worthy of my concern. Something we should be talking about instead is what you’re going to put in your report. Mycroft is expecting something to read when he gets back and I highly doubt shagging in his bed is going to cut it when it comes to information he wants to to take part of.”
He had initially thought  that it would be a place in central London but soon enough they entered  the M25 headed south, as darkness began to settle outside and houses became more sparse, small suburbs flashing by occasionally and the train to the airports passed by every now and again in the distance.
Sherlock positively beamed as he announced this and if he hadn’t looked so pleased with himself, Mycroft might not have reacted the way he did, but as he now feared that his brother had gone off on one of his pointless side-tracks when the reason for last night’s charade had been so painfully straightforward, Mycroft couldn’t help by letting a hint of irritation into his voice. As he usually managed to keep his composure despite Sherlock’s usual efforts of trying to make him lose his temper, he was now inclined to blame the few hours of sleep, his hangover, as well as the spent state after his work out, for allowing himself to get annoyed with his little brother.
take advantage of your state of mind and need for affection by offering you casual sex, no strings attached. I
Seemingly realising that he wasn’t likely to get a different answer no matter how much he tried, Victor decided to attack a different subject instead, clearly still looking for some explanation to how things had gone so terrible wrong in such a short amount of time.
The time to conduct business was finally here and with a sense of resolve and finality, John stepped into the room.
Sherlock released himself from their embrace and John immediately regretted his question. Did he really need to know who the man Sherlock was marrying really was? Surely he could settle for having Sherlock in bed and be none the wiser about everything else?
“John, let me carry him. We need to pick up the pace. He needs antidote and probably oxygen, and whatever else required in this situation. You’re slowing us down!”
“How can you not know? You were there and you got your assignment from the boss straight after. You’ve spent a lot of time together, a couple of times a week at least, surely you must have picked up a thing or two....”
Then he lets out a gasp, because what the man has been looking at is nothing other than the living room back at Baker Street, with Sherlock sitting in a chair, a cup of tea to his lips, the frame frozen just as the lower lip is about to connect to the porcelain.
Meanwhile the others, to John’s baffled surprise, began taking pictures of the scene, detailed ones, close-ups of both men, of the bed, of every single seedy detail that would have befitted the publication of a scandal rag.
Would they manage to form something more lasting than the combination of danger and sex that had so far been the thing that had drawn them to each other. Would it be the beginning of something new or the end of what they had when this adventure was over?
“Sorry, I just went there to perform health checks, nothing more. I have no idea what this is about.”
He glanced over at Magnussen who had leaned back in his seat again, clearly pleased with his effort to rile the military doctor out of his stubborn rigidness. It was difficult to say who was the more childish one, and Mycroft still marvelled over how something as banal as jealousy so easily turned reasonable men into petty and spiteful beings. He felt certain his brother would have shared that view if he had been present.
As John did not own a good suit nor could afford to buy one, he decided to put his old army dress uniform on. It was a piece of clothing he felt proud to wear and that he knew made him look distinguished even if it would probably raise a few eyebrows, but as he had nothing else to choose from, the choice was simple.
Because even if Sherlock never spoke a word of his fiancé, there were occasionally small telling signs of his existence that made themselves known anyway.
With that he turned his back on Victor once more and resolutely strode off towards the lake, back straight, head held high.
“This is for you,” the delivery man said and handed over the parcel tentatively before starting to turn around to descend the steps again.
“Gentlemen, please. I have no intention listening to a discussion befitting a pair of stray dogs fighting over a bone, especially as the subject matter is my own brother. Whatever differences you might have, let’s leave it for the time being and focus on the task at hand. And for further information, no one knows Sherlock Holmes better than I do and my advice to you both is to stay as far away from him as humanly possible, not for his sake but for your own. The man has been trouble on two legs ever since first gracing our nursery and he has never grown out of it, despite my endless efforts to tame him. Hence, that’s why I’m sitting here instead of enjoying a fine glass of Laphroaig in my own sitting room, undisturbed and content. “
He wasn’t especially interested in what sort of sexual kinks his brother got up to in the bedroom with his loyal army doctor. Deciding to change the topic quickly, before Sherlock decided to tell him even more, Mycroft turned away and walked a few paces to put some well-deserved distance between them.
For some reason his senses are all on high alert and for a second he thinks he hears Mycroft move about downstairs. But then the door to the bathroom has not yet been opened up, the lock on the bathroom door has been giving away a squeaky noise as of late, probably in dire need of some  greasing up, so he would have heard Mycroft unlock the door.
The first person John noticed as they entered the room was Sherlock sitting next to Victor to the right of the empty seat at the end of the table that assumingly was reserved for the host.
That’s the key element that makes this photo stand out from all the other photos that exist of the two of them.
“I’m hardly the dramatic one in the family, and compared to your silver tongue I have nothing to offer in that department. I saw the card you sent.”
He could imagine just what sort of image he was projecting right now and if he had made the right calculation this was exactly the sort of allure needed to hook Magnussen more firmly to the bait. Everything else up to this moment had been normal interaction with a hint of flirtation, more pure and proper than anything else. Now Sherlock was showing him the promise of another side.
For a second John was reminded of Mycroft offering his hand less than a week ago and the feeling of striking a deal with the devil that he had felt back then resurfaced for a second as he looked at the young man with the tousled curls and the delicate features, dressed in his green dressing gown, who extended a pale slender hand for John to shake.
John cringed for a second as that last bit made him sound like some calculating opportunist, but Sherlock opened his eyes to give him a challenging look, eyebrows raised as if daring John to say otherwise.
He was probably in his mid to late twenties even if he looked younger and he had very pale skin that was glistening from sweat which John noticed as he knelt down beside him to feel for his pulse. His body was very lean and lithe, as well as tall, which made him appear to be all limbs and angles. Dressed in a white shirt and a pair of dress pants, angular features with pronounced cheekbones and plush lips and at the top of his head a cascade of dark curls that splayed out on the pavement, gave the sight a dramatic touch beyond the actual severity of the scene.
On the one time he doesn’t, the man gets abducted by a former intelligence agent and is nowhere to be found!
Victor’s hand had travelled all the way from the shoulder over to the face while he talked and now a finger was put under Sherlock’s chin to tilt his face upwards so their eyes could meet, and John felt a stab of discomfort pierce him in the gut at the sight of it.
“I merely suggested....” Mycroft began and now that the initial surprise over being attacked was beginning to subside, he looked angry as well.
Besides, what if the ambulance crew needed directions to find him? This place could be a proper labyrinth to an outsider and there was no time for getting lost in this situation.
He closed his eyes for a second and when he opened them again he wasn’t alone in the room anymore. A hand reached out, stroking his curls and then caressed his cheek before it ended up with its fingers firmly around his throat.
He pointed towards Sherlock's bedroom and then used his most commandeering voice, the one he had usually only used during his army days.
It was childish to hold grudges against anyone, it wouldn’t change anything, but he didn’t know what else to do with all that raging despair he had bottled up inside of him, so he just clenched his fists and walked on.
Two days later the car showed up again and as John angrily stormed out to tell the driver to fuck the bloody hell off, he was met with a very familiar figure in a three-piece suit sitting in the backseat with the door open, inviting John to join him for a conversation.
Previously, when they had been caught up in their illicit affair, Sherlock had been this fascinating figure seemingly beyond John’s reach, almost like a fantasy that could never turn real, constantly slipping through John’s fingers as he had no way of grasping what was hidden beneath the beautiful exterior.
“You said it took a particular person to be so easily duped. A person who was so alone and desperate for companionship that he would be gagging for whatever you were willing to offer.”
“Then he shouldn’t have brought him along tonight. Parading someone looking like that around without expecting people to try their luck is just foolish. And Holmes is no fool.”
At first there was only silence, and Mycroft was just about to repeat his words, a shorter version of them, if they had somehow managed to miss their mark, when the doctor sparked back to life from his initial shock.
“I’m afraid I don’t know what my brother is suffering from. He is sweating profusely as if running a fever, has a shortness of breath and is awfully tired. He hasn’t been able to eat for several days and only manages small doses of water, so a lot of it is probably down to dehydration. But there is something unknown that has caused this state in the first place and so far we haven’t been able to figure out what it is.”
The fact that he knew Sherlock was in the house was instinctual although he had no clear evidence to confirm it. It was the sense of a presence that made itself known despite Sherlock not having presented himself in his actual form yet.
.....his eyes narrow when realisation hits him and out of their own accord his fists clenches. It’s instinct, he isn’t even aware he is doing it but his body reacts automatically when the sense of a threat begins to take shape as his mind pieces together what he has in front of him, combined with what he knows of the past 24 hours.
Mycroft decided to merely acknowledge this with a nod. Far better if the man remained where he was. Who knew in what mood John was by now? The sight of Magnussen was hardly going to improve it.
“...more than a call actually. You see, I’m standing by your gates, hoping that you might let me in.”
The music in the background was playing a piece conducted by a violinist that made him miss Sherlock even more, and he pressed his lips to his almost empty glass, downing the final drops of wine he had kept pouring himself ever since returning home, hazily turning his head to stare up at the ceiling, preventing his head to spin too much.
Because despite all of Sherlock’s pretty words of being uninterested in anything to do with love and emotions, Mycroft also knows that John Watson isn’t like those others who have tried their luck in the past with his brother.
When John passed the hunched figure in the doorway, Victor had flinched at his sudden appearance but beyond that he hadn’t reacted, hadn’t raised his gun, merely stared at him with a dead-eyed look, as if no longer present to face any consequences.
When the door opened there was an audible gasp heard. He could see Magnussen’s eyes widen behind those titanium-rimmed glasses and then a glimmer in them that told Sherlock that he had hit the right button.
John shook his head as he was still trying to come to terms with this new shocking turn of events. It still didn’t make any sense to him how someone like Victor had suddenly managed to get the upper hand in a situation he seemed too stupid to come up with of his own. That he had stumbled upon Magnussen had been his blessing, but what was Magnussen’s true motive with helping out?
But the jittery man holding the jar did not move, clearly waiting for his employer to give him direct orders if he was to do anything and anger flared in Sherlock’s eyes when Mycroft remained impassive.
The Le Corbusier Sherlock had insisted on as payment from a client once, recognising the comfort as well as the work put into the chair, had been a good bargain for helping a woman find a stolen laptop that her jealous boyfriend had confiscated and used to post naked pictures of her online. The case had been one of the early ones when Sherlock still wasn’t too picky about cases and lacked the affinity to discuss payment properly with the few clients he stumbled upon.
When the dealer came by and presented him with the stolen missile plans Victor was still very bitter and heartbroken about our break-up so he had the surprisingly cunning idea of putting the plans into a zipper bag for preservation, my DNA and fingerprints all over them and then put the whole thing away for safekeeping until he knew how to use this ticking bomb to his best advantage.
If he had deigned to believe in a higher power or simply the fortunes of luck, he would have sent a prayer for the snake to just slither across him like any other hindrance in its path and then move on, but as he was a pragmatic man who didn't believe in luck or divinity, he simply closed his eyes and held his breath while the unpleasant sensation of snake scales made its way over his motionless body.
“I don’t want to sleep…” John mumbled just as his eyelids began to feel heavy, contradicting his own words.
Perhaps they hadn’t been too far off with that idea. Right now the perception that he had followed Sherlock around like a lovesick teenager only to be tricked like some hapless idiot, did hurt his pride quite a bit.
“And don’t they make a beautiful pattern on that delicate pale skin of yours, bruises in black, purple and yellow. So very very lovely....”
But, as he had made this choice already, there was no going back on it now, so reluctantly he stepped out of the car and approached the door. No use regretting decisions he was unable to take back.
The couple had been engaged for almost a full year, so any former partners were probably out of the picture by now. The medical journey didn’t mention if there had been any former partners before the engagement or why the tests were being performed in the first place and John could honestly not think of a single reason why they were ordered to be executed at all.
He caught sight of Mike Stamford standing a little to the side, outside the circle of people closest to the car, and he made his way over to say hello as they seldom had the opportunity to meet like this.
As Mycroft softly entered the room, not bothering to switch on the light, feeling a comfort in being shrouded in darkness and shadows, he heard his ow voice speak in a strangely quiet voice despite the fact that his heart was beating fast and erratic in its ribcage.
There was a dryness to his mouth and as he regained consciousness enough to become aware of his body and his surroundings again he felt a familiar bitter taste on his tongue and realisation hit him hard.
If he were killed by some “unfortunate accident”, the grief could trigger Sherlock’s latent drug use into action once more and Mycroft was not prepared to deal with that option ever again.
He had noticed the two angry red spots on Sherlock’s hand when tying him up from the restraints and assumed it to be some sort of bite. The area around it was swollen and hot and as the rest of his body was reacting the way it did, it must have been caused by something serious and most likely venomous.
He had been in the army, for God’s sake! A bratty flatmate five years his junior should not be a challenge!
Mycroft had not experienced the man when his plans got thwarted but assumed that some sort of counterstrike was to be expected.
Magnussen looked like he wanted to devour the man in front of him and it sent a shiver of unpleasantness down John’s spine, even if he knew Sherlock was fully capable of handling the situation.
“Come now, this isn’t a court hearing, no need to be so stingy with your replies. I think you know what I might be referring to. Considering that Sherlock is engaged to be married very shortly, did the two of you, despite that fact, engage in something inappropriate? Anything intimate?”
He remembers that Lestrade had been in a rather elevated mood despite the total failure regarding the case. Or perhaps because of it. Better for it to have been an imposter than three actual victims. At least according to him.
“That does sound like quite a shitty thing to do. You’re probably better off without someone like that in your life,” John calmly offered.
He had no wish to spend any further time in the company of either Mycroft or Magnussen, Magnussen in particular was making him suffer the taste of acid every time the man opened his mouth.
During another visit he noticed a bloodied tissue discarded in a waste basket in Sherlock’s cluttered room, but when he, with a hint of alarm had asked about it, it was explained away as being on account of a nose bleed the night before, and beyond that instance, John never caught anything that might create any concern on his part.
“It’s surveillance from your flat, Dr Watson. Old footage. We are going through footage from the past couple of weeks, the same ones Mr Marcus himself had access to, just to see if we can spot something that could have triggered these recent developments.”
It didn’t take long before he heard heavy steps climb the stairs, and through the gap in the door he could soon see Dr Roylott’s broad form as a shadow on the landing.
Sherlock’s eyes were still glued to the screen and John stared at his friend as if trying to drill a hole inside his head. A flutter of nervousness made itself known to him, and he wasn’t completely sure it had to do with Sherlock’s plan of evading Magnussen, even if that was also a cause for concern. No, it was the fact that Magnussen displayed this kind of eagerness to get in contact with Sherlock that worried him. Because what on earth could have warranted this kind of almost obsessive response? What exactly was it that the two of them had gotten up to last night?
That had clearly been a huge mistake and now he keeps wondering if he should tell Mycroft about the reason behind that decision.
“I’m afraid I can offer you no answer to that. I’m not a medical man and have no idea how long he will remain like this. For his sake, I hope it will turn better soon enough.”
He shuddered to think what his brother might have done if no one had been there to keep a close watch over him. He would probably be dead or locked up somewhere if not for Mycroft’s constant hovering.
But it was doomed of course, his body treacherously betrayed him as if he had no say on the matter and it didn’t take long before he, heavily panting, came all over Sherlock’s hand, his eyes scrunched together to keep out the sight of his friend’s gloating face.
And yes, Mycroft did indeed look bothered, but to his credit he managed to keep his composure while speaking.
But just as he allowed himself the luxury of oxygen to fill his lungs once more, he felt a distinct pain pierce his hand and this time no amount of effort could hold back the cry of both fear and pain that escaped him as he felt the snake’s fangs dig deeper into his skin, pumping venom into his bloodstream while doing so.
“You’ve got a lot of nerve asking me for a favour while at the same time pressing a loaded gun to my back. But no need to concern yourself about me telling them that you’re trespassing on their property at night, threatening people who work here with a stolen gun while making outlandish demands. I’m no longer in charge of Sherlock’s medical exams, nor anything else that has to do with him. So I’m not sure I’m the right person for you to ask any questions at all.”
of mine, attached to the Holmes household, and she confirmed that Dr Watson had indeed stormed out of the house in the early morning hours about a week ago, slamming the door in his wake and had not been seen since then.”
John feels like he is about to explode and everything that has been happening in that room passes before his eyes in a quick recap while his cheeks turn heated, things he until now thought were private.
But if he had hoped that a change of focus might stave off whatever it was Sherlock had in mind at the moment, he was sorely mistaken. In a voice that practically purred with sexual inuendo in such a manner that it sent a tingling jolt straight to John’s groin at the sound of it, Sherlock declared:
It’s locked naturally, this is Mycroft’s domain after all, but just as he is about to turn and head back, the door is opened from the inside and a man peaks out.
“Gee, thanks,” John muttered and hurried after him, a little haste in his steps as the other man took lengthy strides with his long legs. At least, being a few steps behind meant that he got a good view of something he had not been privy to yesterday. A very firm ass beneath some very tight-fitting dress pants that moved enticingly as Sherlock hastily walked through the front door and then headed up the stairs to a second floor.
There was a moment of silence in which John envisioned how the other man took the time to contemplate this piece of information. As he spoke again there was a tone of doubt in his voice and the hand holding the gun was slightly wavering, the pressure decreasing.
After a few hours doing what he always did during the afternoon, he had almost forgot how his morning had gone by and what he had been through.
Endorphins were still overwhelming his system, which meant that logic and reality had not yet settled into his brain.  But as he was about to leave later that same morning he couldn’t help but wonder if Sherlock used sex as a diversion to keep John from bringing harsh reality into their little fantasy as he always distracted John with something sexual whenever John fretted over something or tried talking about things that Sherlock obviously found difficult to answer.
With his best effort of an imperious look directed at Magnussen, his grip of the umbrella handle keeping him grounded, Mycroft took his time before replying, just to allow his whirling thoughts to settle back to a calm control.
He presses fists to his eye sockets to prevent them from stinging, from welling up, both with despair as well as fatigue. He can’t afford to lose focus, can’t capitulate, there is no other option but to find Sherlock. The appendix of “dead or alive” is too horrific to consider, so he doesn’t.
“We had a cup of coffee after the medical exam, I must have forgotten it when I left,” John quickly offered.
His co-workers were happy to see him when he arrived but surprisingly no one asked him where he had been, a few of them greeted him with welcoming shouts and others nodded in his direction as he passed by, but beyond that, things remained unusually normal.
A tranquilising gun, a secret vault hidden behind a painting, Victor Trevor and Charles Magnussen obliterated in one swift move and Mycroft Holmes celebrating with a tea party afterwards in some anonymous office building, pleased as punch and everyone happy?
No, the only thing for it was to either confront Sherlock about his feelings and make him come to a decision regarding their remaining time together, or John would have to close off his emotions more effectively, try to look at the situation the way he assumed Sherlock managed to do – as a good time to be enjoyed for now, but nothing more beyond that.
He woke from the present sound of thunder rolling in through the slightly open window and opened his eyes slowly to navigate his surroundings and the source of the sound despite fully recognising it. He normally didn’t feel the presence of bad weather like he did when sleeping in the country house and any excuse for not immediately catching up to the familiar sound was valid as far as he was concerned.
He realised that he had grown a tad bitter during these past couple of days but it had been the only way for him to get over the horrible realisation that he had probably been used as some sort of passing entertainment but that he had never truly been considered as a person for Sherlock to ever choose if given a choice.
I constantly fretted over how I would make him stay and not wake up one day and realise that being with me was a ludicrous idea. Which considering current circumstances is ironic as I would want nothing more than for him to leave me alone these days. But back then I felt so blessed for his attention and camaraderie that I feared that it might slip through my fingers at any minute.
“Good morning Dr Watson. I hope you’ve slept well,” he said as if John’s lack of sleep was written across his features and he wanted to make a point of showing that he could tell.
Indecision made John uncertain if accepting this invitation was such a good idea. Victor seemed too paranoid for his liking and there was a risk that he would manage to wind John up sufficiently for him to lash out with his fists if provoked thoroughly enough. There was also the very unappealing prospect of having to sit through a dinner party that celebrated Sherlock’s upcoming wedding and he could scarcely think of anything he would hate more than seeing Victor make gooey-eyes at his future husband all night. The very thought made him seethe with actual hatred.
role to play? The phrasing also implies a more intimate relationship than what normally exists between an abductor and his victim. There is nothing caring about keeping another person captive in John's opinion!
In one of the larger rooms a strange rotating device consisting of four men playing instruments within a glass casing caught his eye and in another one he noticed a whole wall covered with a painting what depicted the very disturbing image of a naked man being eaten by horses while two other men in red and white robes looked on with condemning faces and John couldn’t help but wonder, with every passing room he made it through, what sort of person this home could possibly belong to. There was a fine line between luxurious and straight out bizarre with every step he took.
“Was all you needed to hear to be able to see the whole picture as if being here yourself to see it. Bloody hell, what kind of people have I gotten myself involved with.”
With a soft press of his index finger, he cancelled the call and stepped back inside the waiting car, ready to be driven to someone hopefully more informant of his lost brother’s whereabouts than John Watson, too deeply troubled by Sherlock’s newly discovered deceit and probably soon about to become ex-inhabitant of the flat on 221 B Baker Street.¨
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but then bit back whatever he had been about to say as John was clearly not willing to listen and instead had turned his back and marched out of the kitchen, into the living room.
The girl who worked in the morgue and perhaps had them all beaten with her larger than life infatuation with the elusive Sherlock Holmes, she knew as well.
But in all fairness, if he had managed to embark on a relationship with his flatmate, quite unexpectedly as far as Mycroft was concerned, who knew what other boundaries Sherlock had dissolved as of late?
“I know a few of you thought our host’s words about Sherlock being my white whale was a peculiar way of describing our situation, but the truth of the matter is that he wasn’t too far off the truth with those words. I’ve known Sherlock for many years now, ever since I met him at University when he was still just a teenager and my dog unfortunately decided to take a bite out of his ankle, creating a very bad start to a friendship that would soon blossom into something even better. The truth of the matter is that I’ve loved him ever since that day, dog bites, tetanys shots and visits to the hospital withstanding, but the timing was not in our favour back then and as I’m sure those who know him can attest, Sherlock Holmes isn’t easily tied down, so circumstances unfortunately separated us for a while. But as Mr Magnussen so accurately pointed out, I’m a man with a lot of patience and tenacity when it comes to getting what I want, so over time and with some considerable effort I managed to win him back and make him accept my proposal.”
He looks more or less like the other goons Mycroft employs, but perhaps a bit younger and he actually raises his eyebrows in question while silently asking John if there is anything he wants.
John took the riding crop and caressed it across Sherlock’s high cheekbone, almost lovingly, but his voice remained stern and forceful.
Ignoring the way Magnussen slithered around the topic of Sherlock with such obvious determination, Mycroft steadfastly kept his point of view.
“I’m not criticizing, I’m merely baffled. And quite curious as to what sort of magic he might be pulling if you haven’t made him run for the hills yet.”
“Not really. Like I said, he was very quiet, he scarcely ate but that’s hardly uncommon, and beyond that he wasn’t acting any stranger than normal and he certainly didn’t indicate that something was off it until we were in the car on our way home, and then he merely complained about feeling a bit dizzy. But after that it increased, he felt nauseated and I tried putting him to bed but he promptly refused, almost turning hysterical. “
John had dryly informed him that whoever provided him with that treat perhaps hadn’t been informed that he expected ginger nuts with every cup from now on, whereupon Sherlock replied:” What person would that be? Tea and biscuits just wait for me whenever I’m ready to have them, I’ve never once seen anyone being in charge of arranging for it”, which was Sherlock’s way of saying that if things were not particularly important or interesting, he didn’t pay them any attention. He wanted ginger nuts with his cup of tea but wasn’t particularly interested in how they got there.
“Because his secret vault where he keeps all his blackmailing material isn’t in his office. I’ve already tried that angle once, it simply isn’t there. We have managed to narrow it down to his house in London after extensive research, the same place where the dinner party was held, but on that specific evening we were naturally unable access it, too many people around. Besides, he is most likely the only person who can open it anyway.
“Mr Holmes, welcome to Stoke Moran. My name is Doctor Grimesby Roylott. Your arrival has been most anticipated.”
“If you mean a helicopter, I can have one arranged as well,” Mycroft tried, even if he realised that it would probably take him much longer to do so. Deciding that sometimes it was better to just acknowledge a situation for what it was, he turned around and agreed that Magnussen’s offer might be more efficient. “If you have one available, it might be more convenient to take yours.”
He had seen similar marks like that before, if not this particular version and as the operator kept asking him questions about the state of the patient, he cut through the flow of words, informing her that it looked like it could be caused by the sting of a wasp or possibly a bee and that this most likely was an anaphylactic shock.
The way his tone of voice rose from clear indignation as well as the obvious knowledge of the place, made it seem likely that he had actually made an impromptu visit already, when Sherlock and John had not been there themselves.
“Well, I think your lungs would appreciate some fresh air nonetheless,” John decided and turned to face the large windows, looking for a way to open at least one of them.
“Do as you please. But pride will earn you nothing but discomfort, you look decidedly worn and could probably benefit from some refreshments and a comfortable chair. But I suppose I’m seeing that feisty army man I met on the first night of our acquaintance. Inspiring to see that part of you has not been extinguished along the way, it has been a long and arduous journey after all.”
Had John perhaps put up protestations against Sherlock joining Magnussen for another meeting? It was quite likely.
The issue of control was quite obvious in this situation and it was honestly a bit daunting, whatever legal rights Mycroft Holmes claimed to have regarding his right to take an active part of his brother’s health and this didn’t agree well with John if he really thought about it. Even less so if he added the fact that his patient’s future husband was apparently planning to continue in a similar vein, although without the aid of John.
When the silence stretched on and no further explanation was coming John decided to ask the obvious question himself instead.
The first stepdaughter had apparently died of some sort of cardiac arrest or stroke in the middle of the night, despite not having shown any signs of a previous heart condition. Her sister had been the one to find her gasping for air in her bed before falling into a coma, never to wake up again.
And he certainly had no desire to be the one to inform Victor Trevor of the toxic news that Sherlock Holmes was a bloody junkie. He was done accommodating to this twisted group of people and their shady business with each other.
John’s mouth clicked shut for a second as he contemplated how a situation that had seemed pretty terrible to begin with could possibly still turn out even worse. Changing the sheets or not, Mycroft would find out what had had happened in here and John would be out on his arse within the blink of an eye.
in the first place, caught fire out of business hours in July of 2008 and closed immediately. Even out of work for eighteen months, it is a surprise that so level-headed a chef like Watson would stoop to an arrangement with a trouble-maker like Holmes. In what they refer to as the "perfect spot," though the northern end of Baker Street is not a glittering centre of high-end restaurants both are used to, they have set up shop at 221 and named the restaurant after the address. Their kitchen, arranged to accommodate all of Holmes's eccentricities and demands for special equipment, is what Watson calls "state of the art."
Until, apparently, I did ask. It only took three bottles of Chateau Lefite, a pint of good doctor's brandy, and a country cemetery. I'd been carrying those rings for years. That his fit him was a miracle.
"Stay," Sherlock said, putting a hand on his hip when he started to turn over. "Just…" John felt the bed dip as Sherlock joined him, and then his shower-warm thighs brushed against the backs of John's. He had more lube, smeared onto John's overheated skin, and then two of his fingers sank deep into his arse again. John's knees skidded apart. He rested his head on his arm and breathed slowly as Sherlock fingered him, teased him, worked him open to be fucked. John could feel the nudge of Sherlock's cock against his buttock. Sherlock touched his prostate with more regularity now, getting him used to the sensation, and John moaned at every little flash of pleasure. He was too fucking old to get it up again right away, but if Sherlock played him right—and John was dead certain Sherlock could do that—he'd be hard again pretty soon.
“Say it,” he says, squeezing us tight. He laughs against my throat. “You’re not wrong often, but you’re wrong about this. Say it!”
When I returned, Holmes was sprawled in the space I had occupied, his arms stretched out and his face peaceful and still. As I approached, however, I spotted the barest twitch of his mouth that suggested he might not be so innocently asleep as he intended me to believe. I lifted the blankets carefully and put one knee down beside his hip, then the other down between his legs. I lowered myself atop him, tucking myself into the curve of his belly and side, ending up with my face in the crook of his neck and one hand up under his shoulder blade. He exhaled hard and started to giggle, his arms coming up to embrace me.
"Excuse me, just a minute," he said, signalling Lestrade, who stepped smoothly in to suggest a few things Sebastian might want to take pictures of as the sous-chefs worked. John headed for the office on a hunch.
"I don't care about the risotto," Sherlock snapped. "I care—" He cut himself off suddenly and scrubbed his fingers through his hair. John's heart rate picked up again, just when he'd gotten it to slow. Sherlock looked at him, something uncertain in his eyes, and then shook his head. "Yes. The place is covered with extinguisher foam now. Gregson was a little enthusiastic."
"How much experience do you have with restaurant kitchens?" Cupcake bakeries, despite their popularity, were nothing like the high-intensity atmosphere John was anticipating.
"No, not at all," John said. That had been the fire dream, the one where he didn't get out of his bedroom in time, and he woke when the room collapsed. The violin had started shortly after he sat up, gasping, around four in the morning, and had done as much or better than the stupid meditation techniques he'd looked up on the internet to restore his breathing to normal. His shoulder still felt stiff. "I didn't know you played."
"Get in," he said, and let my wrist go. I stood, divested myself of my too-many layers as quickly as I could, and climbed, naked as a jaybird and stiff as a pike, into the bath with him.
"Watson, of course," I lied. "He is the romantic, you know, and I am… oblivious to the softer emotions."
Holmes’s fingers moved in my hair, restless, and above me I could hear him breathing hard. I glanced up at him; his nipples were stiff peaks, and his head was stretched back. The beginnings of a ring of bruises was visible on his throat. God damn the Cunninghams. I stroked Holmes’s cock as I sucked it, my hand slick with my own saliva as it escaped the corners of my mouth.
In the silence that followed, Holmes pressed kisses to my temple and held us both tenderly in his wet hand. I picked my head up off his shoulder to gaze down into his face, and he smiled sleepily at me.
He sighed and accepted my assistance replacing his braces and slipping on his waistcoat. When that was buttoned, I went around to the front again and smoothed my palms up his arms.
Sherlock opened the street door and looked back. John could only see a sliver of his face, pale and strange in the falling twilight. “Well,” Sherlock said, “sort of.”
John stared back. Sherlock's cheeks were red with a hectic flush, his eyes as wild as his hair. His lips were plump and wet, and he breathed heavily through his nose, nostrils flaring. John framed his face with both hands, curling his fingers behind Sherlock's ears, and pulled him in for another deep kiss. Sherlock moaned, deep and desperate, pushing John harder against the wall.
"There's so much to this," Sherlock said, dipping his fingers into the chocolate sauce and licking it off with relish. "I haven't even shown you gellification, or making foam, or centrifuging yet." He sighed, looking around the little kitchen in dismay. "I can't do it here, there isn't space. We'll have to go downstairs."
"No…" Watson said. Abruptly he took my hand and pressed it to his breast. "Reverend, please, don't you suppose you could bend a few of those rules?"
John snorted with laughter and reached out to hold onto Sherlock's biceps. Sherlock chuckled, his fingers gentling. He tipped John's head back and kissed him again, slowly. Despite the heat of the shower, his nipples were hard. John wasn't in any more dignified a state: his erection bobbed when he stepped forward to get closer to Sherlock, and they both gasped when they came into contact. Sherlock's right hand left John's hair and slid down his back to grab at his arse to pull him closer.
"It would save us both a lot of time. I wouldn't be forced to make decisions without you when you're running late."
On Friday, the installation of the new fume hood over the main hob tore a chunk out of the kitchen ceiling and then they discovered the exhaust would have to go out by a route that risked the structural integrity of the building. It had been built originally as a boarding house, and its transition to industrial kitchen had been a haphazard one. John was adamant that the frame of the building needed shoring up before they punched another big hole in a load-bearing wall. Sherlock dug out blueprints of the whole building from one of his many files upstairs and found a new route that would risk less of the building's structure, but also required a detour into the first floor. He and John were summarily evicted by the contractors from the ground floor kitchen, and then again from Sherlock's sitting room by the racket taking place in the space between the bathroom and the staircase.
That made him laugh, but it also had the desired effect in that he knelt up between my legs and slipped his hands beneath my thighs. I lifted my heels, pulling my knees towards my ribs, and he let out a slow breath as he parted my buttocks. I almost couldn't watch his face, so naked and unguarded was his expression. He licked his lips and dug his teeth into the lower one, his eyelids heavy with desire and his aim true. He sank into me carefully, meeting little resistance, and bent over me to kiss me with not a lot of finesse. I was full of him, aching with the stretch, and I cradled his head between my hands as we kissed. When he shifted his weight, it punched a little gasping breath out of me.
The sous chefs were more difficult. John was feeling picky, and his candidates weren't measuring up to what he was hoping for. Finally, he interviewed two in a row that he liked: Andy Dimmock and Toni Gregson were both extremely competent and professional, well-qualified, and though they paled a bit at the information that they'd be working under Sherlock Holmes, they each pulled themselves together and assured John that it wouldn't be a problem. Dimmock had worked for Gordon Ramsay and Gregson for Simpson's in the Strand, so John believed them. He certainly believed that they would stand up to Sherlock's wrath better than Molly would, regardless of what Sherlock claimed to know about her.
The cab dropped them on Upper Thames Street at six, just beyond the pedestrian bridge. Sherlock reached out to usher John along, steering him toward the iron-gated door in the middle of the huge sandstone building.
," he says, resting his hand gingerly upon my belly. Neither of them are clean. "Never mind. We have another chance. You're going to love this world, Sherlock. Once you've learned it."
"If you're going to be so bloody noisy," I say finally, "we're going to have to start waiting until we get home."
They ate the curry on the floor, rather than the bed, and Sherlock made a series of unseemly noises as he dug into his vindaloo. John got over his personal embarrassment enough to tease him about it and demand if he was still so boring.
"Somewhere," Sherlock said. He leaned back and opened the bedside drawer. There was a half-empty bottle of lube in there, stashed away for his personal use, and he tossed it to land beside John's shoulder. John fished it out of the folds of the duvet and opened it. "Get your pants off first, for God's sake," Sherlock said.
John sat forward. A week’s delay didn't sound like much, but it would mean time lost with the rest of the kitchen arrangement, with the cook
," Sherlock said. "We were at Ferrandi together, and now I'm a Head Chef and he's a restaurant reviewer. Even
Mrs Hudson clucked her tongue and ushered John out after him.  "He's very sensitive about it," she whispered, as Sherlock did another assessing turn in the middle of the dining room and nodded to himself.  "I don’t think they took him very seriously at his last kitchen."
Finally, when I could take no more, I pushed his hands away and he let me go. I struggled upright and turned over, water streaming down my body. My cock was still hard, semen leaking sluggishly from the brazenly exposed, swollen head into the water. I was on my knees, holding the tub rim.
"That's a certainty," he agreed. He glanced down at our joined hands, and I guiltily let go. He took the opportunity to pat his pockets, searching for a cigarette, and I watched him tuck it in the corner of his mouth while he looked for his matches. I had mine to hand, so I fished them out, lit one, and offered him the flame.
“May I?” Watson asks, giving my night shirt a gentle tug upwards. I shift, freeing the fabric from underneath me, and allow it to be pulled up to my waist. We are cozy beneath the blankets, but the sheets feel cool on my bare thighs. Watson's fingers are warm and strange on my stomach. His touch drifts, passing lightly over my navel and down the thin line of hair below it. I can smell my own arousal and I miss the scent of his body with it. I squeeze my eyes shut.
Stepping inside is like coming home, and I have never liked going to church. Watson and I were not God-fearing men—quite the opposite—but it was in his will and so I was obliged. I know exactly where I will find him. He is surrounded by new neighbors who weren't even born yet when….
John moved the rice around a bit, heaping it into the sauce. Sherlock waited. Finally, John said, "I don't know."
Harry gave a little huff of irritation behind him. "Jesus, are they tearing Mack and Susan a new arsehole out there, or are they on their bloody knees sucking them both off?"
"Hush," I hiss, covering his mouth with my hand while he laughs. His fingers are tight on my ribs, and his naked body stretches long and lean beneath mine. The blankets mounded over us seem to muffle the sound, but I know if I were outside them rather than in, I would still be able to hear everything. He wriggles, tongue flicking out to wet my palm. I let go and he sucks in a deep breath.
Sherlock snorted. "I'm only concerned for the success of our restaurant, John. If you won't commit—"
It was only through the persistence of my investigative style that I was able to pry the truth of the circumstances to her. She had heard a noise in the night and awoken to find her husband missing from their bed. Thinking he had simply risen to use the lavatory, which he always did and never was he quiet about it, she had gone back to sleep. In the morning, he hadn't returned, and a servant discovered blood and an open window in the study. It wasn't very illuminating, except that her demeanor planted a few more seeds in my mind.
Catalysed, he slid his hand into my hair and kissed me deeply. We traded kisses like that for a long time, feeling one another out. It wasn't the same wild passion I'd felt the night before in the cab; instead it built slowly from a coal to a fire, and soon the blood was thrumming between my legs. Holmes was breathing hard when we finally parted again.
I went back upstairs and sat in my empty sitting room, the cold compress held to my own face. It helped my jaw immensely, but I didn't feel better. Where could Holmes have gone? Had he rushed off to finish our case without me? At this hour? Why?
Sherlock's mouth twitched. "My brother has control of the family estate," he said. "I sound so much like a boy on an allowance because that's exactly what I am. I have been spending it rather freely lately, which to Mycroft would indicate that I'm spending it frivolously."
He walked out without waiting for Sherlock's response. The walk to the Tube station was bleak and cold, and the station itself was packed. Saturday morning wasn't a commuter morning, but the temperature forced every pedestrian on the street into the sanctuary of the Underground, and so John rode home to his flat in an unnaturally full carriage.
While he waited, John went to the front windows and looked out at Baker Street. It was the same street he saw every day from the restaurant windows, and it wasn't even like this view from the first floor was at all new. He'd spent half a dozen mornings in Sherlock's flat, but he hadn't spent the night previous in Sherlock's bed before.
He shrugged, releasing one of my hands to brush his fingertips across my cheek. "Goodnight, Holmes. Tell the constables whatever makes sense, of course."
Sherlock turned on the light at the bedside and closed the door, even though he never had any reason to expect company. It seemed like the right thing to do. It gave the encounter a limit: just the two of them, in his room, alone, together. John finished unbuttoning his top shirt and shrugged out of it. For a moment he looked for a viable place to leave it, and then decided on the floor. It crumpled in a pile of plaid, proof of what they were doing. Sherlock stepped close again, sliding his hands up John's bare arms, pushing his prick against John's belly. The warmth of John’s body bled through his T-shirt.
Something in his face changed very subtly, something about his eyebrows twitched, and he said, "I suppose not," almost as if he didn't believe me. He smiled, though, and said, "The next train as it twenty past three. Do you think you could stand it?"
“Ah,” the sommelier said, “John Watson, such a pleasure to meet you!” She had an English accent, and her hand was warm when John shook it. “I saw you on the telly last year.”
We stared at one another, all ardor dissolved. I still wanted him madly, but I couldn't act on it with the misunderstanding hanging between us.
I owe much gratitude to 1electricpirate and Jaradel_ for their support and sharp eyes, and to cacheth for the occasional plot consultation. I couldn't have finished this without you ladies.
“Never in life,” I protested, giving his hips a squeeze. “I am merely appreciating the charms of my dearest lifelong companion. Please, do not allow me to interrupt your study of that bread.”
He went back to the worktop to pick the mint leaves to bits, and then started to chop the peppers. His grip on the knife was weaker than before, and it slipped once as he worked, shearing close to his fingertips. John swore under his breath. He put the knife down and squeezed his fist hard, then shook it out. The tremor was back.
John came back to Baker Street the next afternoon and co-signed the lease, skillfully ignoring Mrs Hudson’s hints about the second bedroom in the flat above. Sherlock knew John had plenty of reasons to be hesitant about living over the restaurant, the least of which was that he barely knew the other current occupant. Not that that had stopped people finding flatmates before. Sherlock didn’t exactly think it was
"You should charge more than that," Sarah laughed, "judging by what I now know of Sherlock's tastes. He's going to buy the priciest bottles for his own amusement."
"I'm sorry," I said, pulling back. His split lip had opened again. He gazed into my face, his body pressed knee to sternum against mine. His stomach rumbled. I couldn't help smiling. "I haven't eaten either," I admitted. "Lestrade roused me straight from bed and I'm starving."
Nothing. Williams ran on through the trees, pushing aside small branches that whipped back into my face. We cleared the trees and were back out on the grass again, so I tried once more: “Watson!”
"What do you want?" John asked. Sherlock sat up to consider him. John's hands found Sherlock's hips, thumbs rubbing the points of his iliac crests, and then, almost as though John hadn't realised the option, John's left hand slipped down to circle around Sherlock's erection in his pants.
John accepted it, sliding onto the nearest bar stool. He lifted the glass to consider the liquor inside, then smelled it appreciatively, and took a sip. Sherlock drained his glass without a second glance.
”Everything,” he managed to get out. ”Everything you do is amazing, it feels so  incredibly good, god, every single thing you do to me-” he panted.
”It’s obviously nothing near what you just gave me, but then that would be a bit hard to match. I hope you’ll like it anyway.” He looked expectantly at John.
All the pent up anger towards Sherlock, everything he’d ever done, from poisoning his tea to jumping off the roof and pretending to be fucking dead for two years, leaving him in a pit darker than hell; it had all merged into one sole point of focus. The singularity before the Big Bang. And then, the explosion.
“Don't be ridiculous, John,” Sherlock snapped, but his voice was trembling ever so slightly. “What the hell do you think?”
”To me, you are-” Sherlock paused, seemed to be searching for words. ”You affect me too much. I can’t block it out. That’s why I couldn’t… after the things that happened. I didn’t dare to risk it, because I thought that I would not be able to survive it if you changed your mind. I know I’m ridiculous, and I apologize for that, and I don’t expect you to understand. But I wanted to take this opportunity to explain.”
”Well, I-” Mary seems nervous, looks down, then up at him again. ”I’ve gotten a job offer in London.”
No happy ending in sight, not for Sherlock at least. This crazy emotional breakdown he just experienced, it just proved the point. He would get badly hurt, had already. Sherlock abruptly untangled himself from John, sat up against the headboard.
After all, the damage was already done and John was back at the forefront of his mind. One more time couldn’t hurt. And he was certain John would try to get in touch, most likely within 24 hours.
Mary and Charlotte giggled at this. Sherlock’s cheeks turned red, but he was also smiling, clearly enjoying the teasing attention from Gabriel.
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck... You feel amazing,” he whispered into Sherlock's ear, and then took the opportunity to nibble and suck on his earlobe. That earned him yet another one of those rumbling, low moans from Sherlock, and John thought for a second about how different it felt from being with a woman. He loved the masculine energy, the strong body below him, and truth be told, he also found it quite a turn on to be able to dominate another man.
And when Sherlock sits up, folds his long muscular legs underneath himself and then begins to crawl downwards, John grabs a fistful of the white sheet, squeezes the fabric tight to ground himself.
Sherlock uses his bodyweight to press John down flat on his back. Skin to skin, and then, as Sherlock shifts with intention, cock to cock.
In one motion, John did two things. He closed the gap between their bodies, so that his chest was flush to Sherlock’s back; and he reached out his arms on either side of Sherlock. He placed his dry, warm hands on Sherlock’s lower arms, held them still.
John winced, it had come out way too much like he was asking for a date. Which, he realized, was exactly what he was doing.
”…and then I had to tell the old geezer, Sir, I said, put your clothes back on please, you do not need to be naked to get a throat culture!” and John laughed with the others until his abs started to hurt.
Sherlock takes in the details of John’s face. He’s smiling, his eyes shining. He’s looking at him the way he always used to, before, when Sherlock had done something
Mark entertained with stories and gossip from the film making business, he was a film producer and worked for a major company, so there was plenty of material to choose from. When he finally stopped for breath, John turned to Charlotte, who was seated next to him.
”Perhaps because I’m not ’normal’. I would have expected you to have figured that out by now. Why is it so hard for you to understand, Gabe. I don’t want that sort of life!”
Sherlock was dressed in a slim-fitting black suit, it looked new. He was deep in conversation with one of the sommeliers; the same blonde woman who had recommended the wine for John’s table.
”But”, John continued, ”I guess I kind of knew that anyway. I just, er, didn’t really put too much thought into the matter. It never… came up.”
John was overcome with a very strong impulse to tell him that he loved him. He felt it, felt it so impossibly strong, but knew those words could elicit all sorts of complicated reactions – you just never knew. And with someone like Sherlock, there was really no way to tell. He decided to show some self restraint and wait a bit with that particular declaration.
John smiled a little. ”Alright. But you have to promise to tell me if you want to stop. We do not have to do this you know.”
“Sorry, I've a better deal right here,” Sherlock hollered back to the man. “But since you're so keen, why don't you head back to the club you visited just last night? Might want to tell your friends that's the reason you left that birthday party so early. I'm sure they'd love to hear all about the escort guy you hooked up with, too.”
Before John had a chance to realize what was happening, his mouth and throat was flooded with the first strong spurt of semen. He had never swallowed cum before, but now found himself in a position where he actually felt that was the right thing to do.
John smiles, his hand back on Sherlock’s sleeve for a moment. ”Of course. You got a new one, exactly the same. Not a big fan of changes, you.”
He tries to catch Sherlock’s eyes but he’s sitting still like a statue, his gaze fixed somewhere in the distance. John takes a closer look, sees that the tremor in Sherlock’s hands is still there.
John threw himself out of the car and ran up to the black door at Baker Street. He still had the key and didn't think twice about using it. He thought about Mrs. Hudson and tried to avoid making unnecessary noise as he took the 17 steps in six quick leaps.
The group of researches were obviously waiting for him to leave. But John looked like he was about to say something.
John had returned to Baker Street, just as Sherlock had known he would. Had placed his chair back where it was supposed to be. But nothing else had been. He hadn’t counted on John being so very angry, and found himself completely lost as for how to fix it.
An icy feeling is beginning to spread in his stomach. Wishes he hadn’t started this. Still unable to stop one more question from slipping out.
In front of the bedroom door, he hesitates. Listens for a moment, deduces that at least, John is up and dressed.
”I’m gonna replace my fingers with my cock now, yeah?” John murmurs, his voice coming out low and breathy. ”I can’t wait to fuck you. Christ, Sherlock-”
Sherlock felt something break inside him. There was so much love in John’s touch, the way he stroked him over his hair.
”Listen,” John says. ”Someone very smart has taught me that it is a capital mistake to draw conclusions before you have all the facts, yes?”
Sherlock thought about John’s words. Maybe his feelings were indeed reciprocated? The evidence certainly pointed at that. He wondered if he could allow himself to believe it was true.
The patient, a male in his twenties, would survive, and that knowledge made John’s steps lighter as he kept walking. He was looking forward to the party, now. It was going to be fun to see the familiar faces, have a few beers, get his mind off the long work week behind him.
. He doesn’t feel things like that. This, and that kiss a hundred years ago; it was just freak occurrences, one fuelled by pain, one by sleep.
Somehow being loved and then see it vanish, was much harder than to never have experienced it at all.
“Mm hm,” he replied, getting more turned on now than he could ever remember being. John wanted to fuck him. Oh sweet Jesus.
Their eyes met, and John saw intense arousal in Sherlock’s eyes. He tried to reach forward to grab his cock.
This didn’t happen often, thank god, but when it did, it was hard. He still hadn’t told Sherlock about it, although he was beginning to suspect that maybe he’d figured something out by now. He’d been relentless in his questions about why John was avoiding Sherlock’s chair, for example.
He feels his cheeks burn; this is not how it’s supposed to go! Goddamnit, he hasn’t gotten laid in forever, and now, with a beautiful and sweet woman next to him, obviously willing, he can’t.
John had moved lower, he was touching Sherlock’s hips and thighs through the fabric of his trousers.
. It’s amazing, the way he’s able to put up with this, Sherlock thinks. For a while, Sherlock just stands there, admiring. Basking in the pride of being the one John is there with.
”I’m sorry,” Sherlock tried. ”What… what was it that you said, again? I, eh, lost focus for a little while-”
”Tell you what. You get out of that wet coat of yours, and I’ll make the tea, alright?” John said, and Sherlock obliged.
Sherlock’s stomach has tightened into a sharp knot. ”I apologise,” he interrupts, not looking up from the floor on which his eyes currently are locked. ”For making you uncomfortable-”
He sighs quietly, then steals another look. John’s smiling as he’s looking at the screen, his eyes ridiculously starry; then begins to type again (still hasn’t learned to use both hands, most likely never will).
”Adorable,” he says. Maybe later, when no-one is around, he can snap a picture of this photograph. Wants to keep it, somehow.
Up until this point, John had assumed that whoever he was, this stranger in Sherlock’s - and John’s! - flat, was just an aberration, someone who would leave after this and never come back, someone Sherlock had picked up that night (
John licks his lips, strokes a bit quicker, eyes on Sherlock’s face. He has one hand on Sherlock’s arse, the other still wrapped around his cock.
“Ah,” John smiled. “So you do do it, then. Fine. Good. I've been wondering. It's just that you never, ever say anything even remotely suggestive of a sexual interest...” John's voice trailed off. He felt that he was overstepping some boarders, now. Still, it was difficult to give up, this golden opportunity to find out more about this hidden part of Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles. ”How could I possibly forget? We both fell asleep in hay full of manure. The stench of cows stayed in my hair for weeks after.”
”Mmm,” Sherlock replies. He hopes John can’t feel through the mattress how hard his heart is beating.
But maybe he was a terrible person, because he just wasn’t able to feel it, at least not full on. It was just that… he’d wanted Sherlock to be happy with him. Had wished so bad for them to be happy, together.
However, last night, Sherlock had begun to cry. It made John quite uncomfortable to think about, even though he was fairly certain that the reason behind it had been some sort of emotional overload rather than regret.
Sherlock had at some point managed to produce out of nowhere a bottle of lube, and the slippery noises from his hand stroking John's dick was almost too much in itself.
When he had been sitting with John at that restaurant, after their chance meeting in the snow, any idiot could have seen that John wasn't wearing his wedding ring. For Sherlock, there had of course been a whole array of other indications. It had been so glaringly obvious he might as well have carried it around on a neon sign.
John managed to smile a bit at this and was going to say something, but was sidetracked as Sherlock placed a hand over his cock, and rubbed it through the fabric with perfect pressure.
He’d clung to a faint hope that Sherlock would say something at the last minute, suggest they get together again sometimes, something like that. He didn’t.
”Sherlock,” said John as they were seated across from each other in silence, drinking their tea. ”I have decided something, and it’s not open for discussion.”
Yes. There was a definite expression of disgust, which was then suppressed and schooled into a neutral one.
“That's utterly ridiculous,” Sherlock said, but John could tell there was no real conviction in his voice.
The screensaver was running, it was a computerized illustration of protein folding. On the screen, a long green string was slowly morphing into a three-dimensional structure, rotating around itself, now completely assembled into its native state.
But most importantly: he’s been glancing across the table every now and then, catching Sherlock’s eye with a barely detectable smile. And on one of the occasions he got up to get something (a deli fork), he had put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he leaned over him to place it on the table.
Then, John. Initially, not much use with the rent situation, of course. Sherlock had known that but there had been something about this small army doctor that had struck a cord so deep down inside that Sherlock hadn’t even been aware it had existed.
John leaned in towards his ear. “Eager, are we?” he whispered, and felt himself getting more turned on by just the thought of what might be awaiting when they got back to Baker Street.
After catching his breath, he added, ”You should know this! You have the same name as one of the founding fathers of behavioral psychology.”
”Good,” said John. ”Then let’s start with this. See I’ve been trying to figure it out for a while now, what you want, but I can’t. So I’ll ask you something now, okay? And all you have to do is answer truthfully.”
”It’s actually rather funny when one thinks about it. Your wife shot me, and you knocked out my boyfriend the first time you met him.”
As he hears himself say it, another memory; of standing in Baker Street on his moving day, kissing Sherlock. He feels his cheeks get hot. ”I mean, obviously, I don’t mean-”
Sherlock. So impossibly strong, but also, as John was rapidly beginning to learn, so surprisingly vulnerable. How had all this affected him?
He let his own hand, at first hesitantly, touch Sherlock's thigh, then let it rest there more decisively. Sherlock flexed the muscle and then looked at John, and smiled. Encouraged, John let his hand travel to the inside of his leg, then made his way up, until he was only an inch away from his crotch.
Must have dosed off, despite the fact that he’s now chilled to the bone. But he starts awake because of the instinctive feeling that he’s being watched. Looks up to see Sherlock looming in front of him, swaying.
” ’ow do I know s’not poisoned?” The voice on the other end is surprisingly young, John had sort of expected someone rougher. Christ - just a kid, a kid with a gun, John thinks. And he’s got Greg’s life in his hands.
When Mary and Anna were home from the hospital, Sherlock had surprised them all - and probably himself, too - by actually accepting the invitation to come over, John had been so sure he’d decline.
Sherlock hurriedly turned away again, tried to school his face into bored nonchalance. He didn’t know exactly how successful he was in doing so, because John kept looking at him with that funny expression throughout the rest of that day.
Mary's crazy outbursts had successively gotten less frequent, and for that, he was very grateful. It had been pure hell in the beginning, truth be told. She was unpredictable and moody, and he could never be sure what would await him. A few times in the beginning, she'd taunted him about Sherlock, but it seemed like he'd managed to put an effective stop to that, now. Perhaps even Mary could tell when John Watson was close to be pushed beyond the edge of self restraint.
Without warning, he then used his grip to yank Sherlock’s hips forward, pressed him against himself.
And then John had gone on some sort of rant about this, and for every self-righteous argument he threw in Sherlock’s direction, Sherlock got more desperate because he had nothing to use back, no valid counter arguments, nothing to defend his stance. All he had, was that overwhelmingly strong feeling in his gut that he
Now, the floodgates were opened and John was too exhausted to fight it anymore. Hell, he didn’t even want to fight it. He tightened his grip, flicked his thumb over the head and shuddered at the sensation.
He pulls Sherlock by the arm until he falls down right next to him, and despite the fact that he just came, he still feels a new shiver of arousal as he watches Sherlock licking traces of his semen from the corners of his mouth.
John was by no means a naive man, and it didn’t take him long to form an idea of what was going on. ”
!) ”because you’ve been hellbent on telling me, over years! Over years, that you’re not gay. So, what happened? Why now?”
Sherlock’s still looking at the picture, then moves his hand to touch it. With his index finger, he slowly traces the contours of the Irish Setter in the photograph. Around him, everybody sits quietly waiting.
John dryly noted that Mycroft had not mentioned his brother’s rights to secrecy in the matter, first and foremost
John was beginning to feel that he had no business being here, Magnussen was clearly interested in juicier things then the tales of a scorned lover if his own words were anything to go by.
I remembered finishing dinner and opening another bottle of wine. Holmes and I were both tipsy at that point: he relaxes and raises his voice, as if people aren't hanging on his every word anyway, and he was nearly shouting to be heard over the cacophony that was the inn after eight o'clock. He had reached over to get my attention, to illustrate some point to someone, and he had caught hold of my hand.
I spend, toes curling, head thrown back against the pillow. He strokes me through it, just the way I like, drawing out the pleasure until I'm trembling and panting for breath. Then just as it becomes too much, he lets go, and lifts his head to look into my eyes.
But the affair with the Cunninghams had certainly revived him, despite what they’d put him through, and he had eaten well that evening at supper with the Colonel and Mr Acton. Perhaps the rest of his spirits had been restored. At once my heart was pounding with anticipation, and I sat up as he crossed the room to the side of my bed.
Sherlock gritted his teeth. "Yes, and they haven't got a clue what they're doing with interesting food, so don't take it personally if they mix up the dishes."
"God, you're fantastic," he said. He unfastened his belt while Sherlock watched, kicked his shoes away, and dropped his jeans to the floor. Sherlock turned him around and nudged him to sit on the edge of the bed. His prick stood up from his lap, making a tent of his briefs as obvious as Sherlock's had been. Sherlock crawled over John's body, pushing John back onto the duvet.
We kissed again, my hands clenching in the fabric of his shirt. I found the leather of his braces and pulled on them, which made him laugh and grind his hips down against mine. I wanted to unfasten them at the back and get my hands down his trousers, but I didn’t have the leverage.
I am frozen, the grief as raw as it ever was. I cannot allow the emotion to escape. I spent my emotions when I buried him.
I jumped at the first touch of the soft brush on my cheek. Watson murmured an apology as he smeared it across my face, so I reached behind me to squeeze his shin in reassurance. He had both hands upon my face, holding me and moving me to do his work. When I was entirely lathered, he leaned back to admire his work and made a noise of satisfaction.
Holmes pulled back, licking his lips, and stared at me for a moment. To be the centre of that intensely focused attention had always been flattering, and was even more so now when it was inclined to amorousness. I tucked my nose in under his ear, breathing him in deeply. He smelled of pomade and warm skin, lavender soap and tobacco. He pressed his cheek against my temple. Then he tipped my head up with his thumbs and the slope of his nose, and applied himself to the inch or two of bare throat that could be reached above my collar. He bit me over my pulse, just digging his teeth in, and dragged his lips over that spot as I trembled. I heard myself make a noise, and made it again, knowing how he liked the sound. I was rewarded with a low growl, and Holmes's mouth back on my own. I tasted brandy and tobacco; home. I held him closer, bit his lower lip, and could feel the growing press of his erection against my thighs. I put my glass aside.
John stretched out his foot and jabbed Sherlock in the ribs with his toes. "You shut up," he said. "The food I cook is practical."
John grinned. "Good," he said. "You're brilliant, and amazing, and everyone coming tonight can't wait to see what you've got up your sleeve, yeah? They're ready to be impressed, Sherlock."
"Sherlock," he said, "this is going to be a working kitchen, not your personal laboratory. I don't care what you want to do with the food, what you want to make, or how you want to make it, but it needs to
John narrowed his eyes, still smarting from the (admittedly accurate) jab at his sister, but took the spoon anyway. The blobs were slimy as they passed his lips, but they exploded as soon as they touched his tongue and he stared at the man in shock as the taste of pesto filled his mouth. The man's strange, half-hidden smile returned.
“Say it,” he demands, and fits our pricks together again. “You don’t need to drag me into a toilet and spill your seed on me to tell everyone I’m yours.”
John started, and he grabbed Sherlock's bicep with his other hand. "Beg pardon?" His indignation was tempered by the breathlessness of his voice.
Reviews for 221 started appearing the next day. After John called Paul to check up on him and confirm that he was out for at least a week—and to assure him he wasn't going to lose his job for it, that John would fill in until he could handle a knife again—Sherlock and John spent the morning in bed rifling through newspapers and review sites, looking for the best ones. Sherlock had admitted with a carefully cultivated air of nonchalance that he wanted to frame and hang them in the dining room downstairs.
Sherlock bared his teeth. "He's going to sabotage it," he said. "He's not here for a story about a new restaurant, he's here for a malicious piece about
“I know you’ve washed,” I said, a little muffled by the bite I had just taken of his still-covered arse cheek. His skin was hot, even through his drawers.
A shudder of desire wracks me from shoulders to shins, and I fit the tip of his prick into my mouth with a little moan. Behind the flies of my own trousers, my cock throbs. I love to do this for him. I am serving myself here, as I service him. He knows it, and a little jolt of his hips pushes him between my lips. He stiffens further in my mouth, the tip of him growing slick. I lick it away and twist my hand around the base of his prick. With my other hand, I reach into the humid gap in his drawers to fondle his bollocks.
"Your scribbling has led to my reputation, and you know it," I said. "All that work you did while–" I stopped, unwilling to remind him of Switzerland again so soon. "Anyway, it's not just me that people expect to see. Remember that butler who collapsed on the hearth rug? 'Dr Watson, you have to help me?'"
"Well, then," my brother said, "don't. But don't let him languish under the assumption that you two are nothing more than partners in convenience, either. It would be cruel."
He decided he would go in to 221 anyway. If the kitchen was in shambles and Sherlock was still busy, John would help himself to Sherlock's laptop and work on the staff allocations. He could use the company.
"Is that why your brother was checking up on you that first time I met him?" John asked. "He was worried about where the money was going."
"He'll write us a nasty review and we won't get a soul in here after opening night," Sherlock said, pressing his palms flat to the prep table.
"And you've saved a man's life and helped remove a criminal from our midst, so we're all very grateful."
"Are you bored? Do you need a case? Shall we go on a holiday?" He turned back to the mirror and continued his careful work. "I could use a few days away from the city, if you think it would help."
Young women do not threaten me. Watson, though he still has eyes for the occasional fair-haired beauty, shows no lasting interest in women. He has had his fill, I suppose. Perhaps the memory of his wife is precious enough to sustain him. Perhaps the looming presence of a hawk-nosed, meddlesome detective deters him.
I kept thinking about him shaving. As we went about our days, the memory of it kept floating to the top of my mind unbidden. I'd seen him shave hundreds of times before; I couldn't imagine why I was fixated upon it now. There was nothing special about his steady fingers wielding a blade against tender, paper-thin skin, nothing remarkable about the way his attention was fixed upon his work. That I was allowed to indulge myself in watching him shave in the morning was the purest domesticity. I had never considered myself a marrying man, but I knew this was the closest I would ever get. It was bliss, and I started making excuses to interrupt him during his morning toilet so that I would be allowed to stay and watch.
Upstairs in the flat, John collapsed in one of the armchairs while Sherlock turned the kettle on and rummaged around in the cupboards. Harry was right: they were supposed to be a team. He should have told her. He had
at Wincon in Las Vegas. It has been in the back of my mind since then, and has been half-written a few times. The approach of S4 finally compelled me to get off my ass and finish it.
The porters arrived at half-three, even though everything their usual tasks would involve had been done over the last month and perfected the night before. The cooks and bar staff were in place by four, beginning their prep with lemon rind shavings and ice spheres. At half-four, the wait staff arrived, and Sherlock stayed in the kitchen while Lestrade briefed them. They didn't need
with the pesto is called spherification. It's very simple, really, but it works better with some ingredients than with others. Things that are already liquid, for example. The pesto—" He wobbled his hand back and forth. "It needs work."
Hopkins shook both our hands with enthusiasm. "You were the ones who gave us the real surprise," he said, grinning from ear to ear. "Who would have thought, after all this time, Doctor, that you'd go and make an honest man of Mr Holmes."
"You're doing fine," Sherlock muttered in his ear, sometime after nine o'clock. There was a lull in service, and John was wiping sweat off his face with a rag.
"Well, you have restored me," Holmes said, and now I felt the swell of his prick against my hip as he pushed against me once more. My own responded, the blood pounding in my veins, and I slipped my hand beneath the hem of his nightshirt to get at his bare skin. His thighs parted easily and he settled on his back, gazing up at me with a fond smile.
“Lamb vindaloo," Sherlock said, getting up off the bed. He vanished into the toilet as John placed the call.
He pulled back to look into my eyes; his were blazing, bluer than the clearest sky. "Holmes, I want you desperately."
I reasoned away his gratitude and embrace as I got ready for bed. We had secured our future together, and there was nothing more reassuring than knowing your assets and interests were protected by someone you trusted. I didn't have any family left, and I loathed the idea of my sudden death resulting in my books and papers ending up in the hands of someone who didn't care about them. Holmes had his brother, but he'd expressed to me more than once that he dreaded the thought of his brother dealing with his estate and his reputation. It was logical that we give one another the benefit of it.
"This one was nice," Molly said, pointing at the semillon Sherlock had circled three times. "Are you thinking for the oyster parfait?"
I nodded. "All right," I said. "Be careful, and send me a note or something if you're going to miss supper."
full briefing, having just got the same one yesterday, but John was nothing but thorough. Once Lestrade was done, John popped out to say hello, and by five o'clock they were ready to open the doors. Sherlock was already sweating under his coat.
Baking is a science, he assures me, and worth every bit as much of his attention as his chemistry experiments once did. Baking, I remind him, does not carry half as much of a risk of him blowing the windows off of our domicile.
"I can't talk to Sarah Sawyer for five minutes without you throwing a fit," John said, "and while I commend your valiant effort
“Stop,” he says, his hand suddenly firm upon my head. I almost choke, and sink back on my heels, wiping my mouth and staring up at him in astonishment.
He paused and John's hand loosened. His other hand was trembling on Sherlock's back. Sherlock shifted his weight to his elbow and tugged the neck of John's shirt aside. John's breathing was deceptively even.
It was probably rude to think about Sherlock like this, John mused, as his prick stiffened under his own gentle ministrations. He cupped and stroked himself until he was fully hard, and then he pushed his shorts down so that the elastic hugged underneath his balls. He imagined Sherlock watching him do this as he watched John do anything else; assessing, anticipating. John's breath caught and his cock twitched. He was starting to leak. He rubbed his thumb slowly across his moistened tip, his thighs sliding apart, and he pulled his heels up to brace against the bed.
John's face heated all at once, for no reason. Sherlock drew back, leaving a hollow of cold air in his absence, and turned the page. He dragged his pen across the page, crossing something out, and said, "I'm having second thoughts about the avocado and orange soup."
He sighed, blinked rapidly, and rolled off to the side again. I thought for a moment he was going away, but instead he pressed up against me and passed a hand down my front, stopping just shy of the fly on my drawers.
I clasp his hand, and then pull him firmly into an embrace. He is hard and stiff in my arms, still undeniably a machine, but the mind is what I truly value. Perhaps I will be able to appreciate this as a blessing: a version of my Watson returned to me.
“You know, Holmes,” Watson said, sitting back on Williams’s thighs and holding both his hands in a tight grip, “a little bit of warning would be preferred.”
“John,” he was gasping, “oh, God, John,” and one hand found my hair. His fingers clenched, almost too tight, and for a moment I let him push me harder against his arse. Pointed deliberately, my tongue could slip right inside him. “Oh, John, please!” I pursed my lips against his hole and stuck my tongue in deeper. He cried out.
When I first met John Watson, I had just moved to Baker Street and he had been home from Afghanistan nearly six months. We'd both been evicted about the same time: I for a disagreement with my landlord about chemical experiments and he for a plain and simple lack of cash. My brother had picked up the pieces for me; his had not. I had been investigating a series of muggings that had taken place in Hyde Park over several weeks, each between the hours of ten at night and two in the morning, and each with a distinguished and wealthy victim who had no business being in the park.
"I realise that," Sherlock said, "but the minute he's under the care of a trained medical professional, I need you on the line."
"'Anonymous tip last night lead to arrest of Mr Thomas Carlisle in the murder of Samuel Blakeley,'" I read aloud. "You were the anonymous tipster, weren't you?"
He sat with Paul, helping him keep his arm up over his head, until he heard the back door open and felt the cold rush of April air that accompanied it. Anderson appeared in the office doorway with an EMT in a blue jumpsuit behind him. John got out of the way so the EMT could crouch down in front of Paul and get a look at his hand.
"No," Sherlock said, sneering. "She was interviewed on episode six of your bloody show. She dyes her hair, and it's
We stared at each other for a moment. He was still in his dressing gown, and his hair looked like he'd been raking his fingers through it for a few hours.
Probably best to admit he coveted the throat that scarf was usually wrapped around, too. The whole package, really. Sherlock might have a slew of mad ideas, and be generally disliked by everyone in his profession, but to John he seemed nothing but brilliant and misunderstood and desperate to be heard. He did that thing with the personal information to get the upper hand, but John noticed he only did it aloud when he was surprised or distressed, caught off guard. It was a way to re-establish dominance over an interaction, to deflect criticism away from himself. It had the unfortunate effect of drawing a different
Sherlock appeared in the kitchen doorway with the contractor right behind him, drawn by the commotion. John would have ignored them and let Harry take out her anger on him alone, but she wheeled around and caught Sherlock in her sights.
It would need to be straight out of a sixth form chemistry classroom if Holmes is going to get his way. His fixation on the noughties fad of molecular gastronomy involves more than just the sous vide now familiar to most high end chefs. The kitchen at 221 is packed with machinery Holmes brags is second-hand from Bart's Hospital, including a centrifuge for separating solid particles from liquid, a freeze dryer, and buckets of agar and xantham additives. If you prefer food that tastes like a penicillin experiment, 221 can deliver.
He thrusts into his hand more than he strokes us, and our mingled excitement slicks his way. My knees are weak, and I tip my head back against the door. His teeth dig into my throat, beneath my ear. His other hand works its way under my waistcoat, shirt, and vest to my skin, and his broad palm on my belly stokes the fire within me.
“Immensely,” he said, grinning. His eyes were closed. I kissed his mouth again, dipping my tongue between his lips, and then sat back on my heel. One of my legs was folded under me; the other hung off the front of the settee as I faced Holmes, draped over the arm. He had his long legs spread on either side of my hips, and the placket of his trousers was stretched tight over his cockstand.
Sherlock's laugh rumbled through him, and John groaned aloud as Sherlock eased back and then rocked forward again. It made his back arch and his prick give a hopeful twitch. Christ almighty. Sherlock moved slowly, pushing deep, until John's muscles had all relaxed and he was starting to squirm. Sherlock tightened his grip on John's hips, pulling him back into the cup of his groin; his cock nudged John's prostate just right, sending a wave of heat up John's spine. John pushed up onto his hands and his left arm started to ache almost at once. Damn the thing. He folded himself back down onto his elbows.
"Why else, indeed?" John asked, sinking back onto his heels. Sherlock glared a him, but John could see the wariness behind the hostility. He truly had no idea. "She's not my type, Sherlock."
"Very well." He let me go, but it was with a degree of reluctance. His hand lingered on my back. I went to open the sitting room door to shout down to Mrs Hudson, and found her just reaching the top of the stairs. The woman has always had impeccable timing. Watson was at the window when she came in, looking down into the street, and he didn't turn back until she and the maid had laid the table and departed, taking his coat with them to clean and mend. I uncovered the dishes myself and pulled out a chair for him.
Sherlock took John's prick in hand again as he began to massage the tight muscle of John's hole, and John was trapped there between the dual pleasure. Sherlock rubbed his thumb over the tender, wet head of his dick, which made him jolt; so Sherlock did it again, and again, until he was practically vibrating. Then, just as it started to become too much, Sherlock went back to stroking him from root to tip in long, smooth strokes, drawing his foreskin away from his head and then surrounding it again. All the while, Sherlock's fingers worked against his hole, until finally Sherlock sank one in.
I reached up to pinch his nipples, each one in turn, and his hand clenched tight in my hair. The muscles in his stomach tensed. My own cock surged in sympathy, my arousal tightening between my legs. He was fucking my mouth, and my mouth met the tight, soft curls of hair at the base of his cock on every stroke. My finger inside him rubbed his spot again and again, and in a moment I knew he would be at his crisis. My heart was pounding, my throat slick and my eyes wet with the effort. The volume of Holmes’s moans had increased, so much that in any other house I might worry. I didn’t often get to hear him cry out, even in our own home. It was music to my ears. I sucked harder, cherishing his vocalisation.
“Oh, John,” I said, struggling to a sitting position. My nightshirt was wet and beginning to stick to my skin. “You should have said.”
"I want to be open in three weeks," Sherlock said quickly. "I want to be established by the time Restaurant Week arrives. I don't want us to have our dry run on the busiest week of the year. It's madness."
I groped him for a while, slowly, breathing in the scent of him and rocking my hips almost absently against his arse. My arousal throbbed beneath my skin; the slow pulse of blood and heat between my legs was pleasant. I would certainly fuck him like this, but not for a little while yet. I wished I could get a hand up under his shirt and rub at his nipples until he was squirming, but the way he was leaning on the worktop prevented it. Not to worry. I had other methods of driving him mad.
He smirked and offered me the magnifier back. I took it, almost dropped it again, and put it away in my jacket pocket.
, John." He pouts at me. His fingers in my hair are gentle, coaxing. "I'm not asking to you to put me on my stomach and fuck me through the mattress--" The image, and the frankness with which it is delivered, makes my blood pressure spike-- "I just want…" He bites his lip. "I promise I'll be quiet."
As soon as it was moved, he dabbed me with his witch hazel water. I yelped, for at first it burned, but in a moment the sting dissipated and was replaced with a soothing tingle. My fist tightened on the wet towel, causing a little stream of water to run down my wrist. Watson took it gently from me.
I groaned and covered my face with my arm. The body behind me stirred, making its own noise of discomfort, and I opened my eyes once again. It was Holmes who lay pressed up against me, his arm across my midsection. I frowned, confused: we were not strangers to sharing a bed whilst upon a case, but had never ended up tangled together. It was most unexpected.
I swallow hard. "They cannot know about us," I protest. Do I prefer a cold bedmate or for it to be revealed that I have shared my bed with him at all?
"Christ," John said, looking over his shoulder at the clock on the nightstand. It was past one in the morning. "I'm knackered."
"This is the dining room, obviously," Mrs Hudson said. "My late husband had terrible taste, so I've torn out all the decor for you. But the bones of the place are strong. Good lines."
Watson snorted. "Professor Dalinger is almost certainly with his mistress, if this bears any resemblance to the Mitchell-Warren case from two years ago."
"And I you," I replied, pulling back to look at him. We gazed at one another in the dark, smiling, and then Holmes worked his hand between us to touch the head of my prick.
“Knows you’re mine.” My orgasm is barreling down on me. I’m up on my toes, tensing with everything I have, trying to stave it off. He smears his mouth along my jaw and kisses me again, licking into my mouth and biting at my lips.
Sherlock gave him a moment to recover, letting go, and then eased his fingers out of John's arse. John leaned on his hands a moment longer, breathing deeply. He heard Sherlock rinsing the conditioner out of his hair. Then Sherlock said, "C'mere," and gathered John to him, aiming the shower head over John's shoulder to wash the semen off the plastic curtain.
"Mr Holmes, Dr Watson," a voice said behind me, and I twisted to look. It was Henry D'Arcy, the chief of the Ferrymore Bridge constabulary.
"Your sister's Clara?" Sherlock asked, millimetres from John's ear. He was leaning into John's shoulder, holding a newspaper off to the side, and he smelled like coffee. "You didn't say she was a restaurant reviewer."
been a pragmatic decision, but he was not known for his emotional vulnerability. It would be very like him to convince me to do something for a deeply tender reason while telling me it was for a case, for the work, for the good of someone other than him; for the good of us.
"All right," John said. "We'll come back to that one when the summer's over and we haven't made complete fools of ourselves."
"Well, it's tempting, honestly, but I'm staying on at the Dove until they decide which shift manager they're going to promote."
John grimaced. There had been one challenge that had almost turned into a disaster because of Harry's carelessness. It hadn't been anything as dramatic as burning down a building, but the scalded milk made a dreadful custard.
"No, no," Lestrade interrupted, his eyes wide, holding up a hand to deflect the indignation. "I don't mean
It was a favourable crowd that night, carefully cultivated from their relatives and associates. Mr and Dr Holmes lingered over their wine long after they'd experienced all six courses, though Mycroft finished his pudding and took off immediately with Anthea. Once he was gone, Sherlock went out to say hello. Dr Holmes took his hand between hers and gazed up into his face.
At John and Greg's simultaneous laugh of disbelief, Sherlock's smile was sly and quietly pleased. His cheeks flushed pink and he turned away.
"Have you eaten?" she asked, as they drew apart. She held him at arm's length and looked him up and down. "You look good, John."
"I want to feel you spend," said he, and I sucked in a desperate breath. His fingers worked over my tip, holding me inside his skin and fucking against me, and his other hand stroking my cock, pulling the orgasm right from the root of me. I shuddered and tensed, my hips rising, and he hissed, "Oh, God, yes," right before I began to spurt.
By unspoken agreement they changed the subject, and talked about football until the food was delivered, and then about Mike's own restaurant while they ate. Apparently nineteen kinds of chicken was a success with the East End, and things were going well. John tried not to let the jealousy show on his face, but finally Mike said, "You know, you wouldn't have to go it alone."
He snorted and squirmed around until he wasn't lying directly in his own emission, which meant he was lying partially on top of me. "I suppose I did," he said.
Sherlock remembered John's hands in his hair, pulling with just enough seriousness to make him shiver, and he reacted again now just to the memory. John felt it and pushed his hips up against Sherlock's in return. Sherlock could feel John getting hard under his thigh but there was no extra room in the chair to spread his legs.
He says, “Oh, for God’s sake,” but his hand is in my hair. I cup him through his trousers and find him eager enough to work with; he twitches beneath my palm. He is blushing, too, and still holding his drink. He realizes it, blinks, and then finishes the brandy.
"Sherlock," John said, "while I appreciate that you have an eye for detail and a skill in observation, it is not actually necessary or appropriate for you to relate this kind of information about my employees to me."
The taste of him, anywhere, makes my cock stiff and my heart pound. I can kiss the back of his left hand and be light-headed. The touch of his tongue against mine weakens my knees. The slick, wet head of his prick smeared against my lips sends me into a state of euphoria. But to kiss him here, in this most intimate spot, could very well end my days. If I were to die with my tongue up Sherlock Holmes’s arse, it would at least be happily, if not very dignified. I licked him now with the kind of fervour most appropriately reserved for religious experiences, and he pushed back against my face in kind. I grasped his hips, pulling him back from the worktop edge, and he strained against the confines of his trousers around his knees. True, to have him naked on the bed, legs spread, would make this easier, but I had him exactly where I wanted him. His hole trembled beneath my tongue as he tensed and relaxed, trying to control himself.
He didn’t, but the narrator and an unnamed school friend fell in with one another, and there was a scene of them kissing and reminiscing about their days in the dorms together. They began to fuck Oxford style, with the narrator’s cock pushed between his friend’s thighs, and my arousal spiked again. I pushed my hand into my drawers to tug at my bollocks, leaving my cock standing untouched. It twitched, heavy and stiff and aching to be stroked. The narrator reached around his friend and began to fondle his prick, telling him how much he liked the feeling of in in his hand, and I found myself biting my lip to keep from making a sound.
"He was seducing me away from my company," the stranger said, offering John his hand. "Greg Lestrade."
Sherlock stepped back and pulled his own T-shirt off over his head. Fair was fair. John's eyes tracked down the length of his body, lingering on his nipples, his elbows, the cut of his hips. Sherlock toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks one-by-one. He hooked his thumbs into the elastic waist of his trousers and pulled them away from his body, over his erection, and let them fall to the floor. He shook the fabric off his feet and stood, chin up, hands landing on his waist. John's eyes crinkled as he smiled.
"Oh, nice," John said, spreading the notes out with a snap of the paper. "Did you just decide that? Right. Andy Dimmock you liked, Stanley Hopkins couldn't get enough of you, Emma Bradstreet can handle a knife, Toni Gregson has a brain, and Jonas Forbes didn't fuck up your caprese. There. Do you want to ring them or shall I?"
Through the window in the wall, John could see the reviewer as he came in behind Lestrade: a small, dark-haired man in a dark suit. His photographer in his wake was bigger, almost burly, and fair-haired, carrying a load of equipment.
Holmes didn't do anything so crass as begin to undress me in the cab, but his hands certainly wandered boldly, making their way beneath my coat. He had his legs spread wide on either side of my hips, and it was the closest I'd been to another person in a very long time. My body was being quickly convinced this was a good idea, even as my mind rebelled.
D'Arcy laughed and said, "Well, it doesn't change the fact that he's guilty, so I suppose we can forgive you this lapse, Mr Holmes."
"But if something were to happen to me! And the money you've made directly off your clients; you don't work alone, you know."
“I injected it,” Sherlock said. His fingers found the insides of his elbows. John had never seen his arms above the rolled-up cuff of his shirt; he wondered if he would be able to see the track marks, or if Sherlock had been a careful user.
The tone could have been heard as angry, especially by the two tables of diners who were nearest the kitchen service window: a classic example of Sherlock Holmes's temper getting the better of him. John, however, had experienced him in enough different moods to recognise the undercurrent of alarm in Sherlock's voice, and dashed through the swinging door.
"Would you like it to be? I was shot in the arm in Afghanistan, as well as in the leg. It's a damn nuisance."
That stung. "Oi!” John said, and gave him a harder kick. "If you think I'm boring, you can get out of my flat."
"What's wrong with my shoes?" Molly demanded. She'd stood up to Sherlock in the kitchen already when he'd questioned her mousse, sticking a spoon in his mouth as he'd started on a lecture about aeration. He'd shut up right quick, licked the spoon clean, and only berated her about speed after that. John had wanted to give her extra marks for it, but he'd already hired her.
"Right," Sherlock said, and finished stripping. A moment later he had shut the bathroom door and was plastering himself to John's back as the little room filled with steam. He ran his hands over John's shoulders, caressing John's scar, and he bent to kiss to the smooth, pink skin in deliberate acknowledgement of it. He had a bit of a fixation, John thought. His prick was rigid against John's lower back. Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John's body, fingers dancing across his skin, pinching one nipple and then the other, then circling around John's heavy, half-hard cock. The wet head of Sherlock's prick was leaving a slick trail on John's skin. John almost regretted stepping away from him to climb into the tub and under the spray of the water, except that he knew Sherlock was following.
Holmes glanced at the clock and covered my hands with his own. “No,” he agreed, “I did not lie abed until ten in the morning as some of us are wont to do.”
I kissed him to shut him up. My hat bumped against his hat, my nose hit his cheekbone, but my mouth met his and he stopped talking. I took off my hat and kissed him again. His frame softened, the breath rushing out of him, and he kissed me back. With my hat still in my hand, I rested my forearm on his shoulder and pulled him closer so that I could kiss him more deeply. Our lips parted and my tongue touched his. He sighed, his hands coming to grip the lapels of my jacket. He tasted of unfamiliar tooth powder. When we separated, he pressed his forehead to mine and we were silent a moment, eyes closed, breathing each other in.
Keeping my grip loose and gentle, I stroked him slowly in the confines of his trousers for a few minutes. Then I twisted my hand, passing my palm over the tender, slippery head of his prick, and gripped him tighter. He dropped his head, breathing out sharply.
The smell of coffee reached him finally, and he let the curtain drop and turned back to the kitchen. Sherlock appeared at the other doorway, wearing nothing but a dressing gown, and he gave a little start when he saw John wearing the other one. He grinned, soft and amused, as John pushed the sleeves up.
When I pulled away, Holmes was as limp as a rag. He moaned in protest but made no move to push himself upright again. His entrance was red and gleaming, and my cock gave a valiant twitch. I put my head down between his shoulder blades to catch my breath, petting his heaving sides. He flung one arm back to pat me on the side in reply.
Sherlock looked them up and down and John watched him hold back a verbal inference about their next destination. Instead he said, "Yes, thank you for your input. On the wines, I mean."
Conclusion: I wanted him. I wanted him very much, and marrying him made having him possible. Why I hadn't thought of this before was rather stupid.
Holmes groaned as I began to stroke him, my grip firm. As I worked his staff up and down, he began to leak over my fingers, slicking my way. My hand started to slide over his flesh, even though I kept my pace stately. He was breathing heavily, his eyes closed, the muscles in his abdomen and inner thighs tense.
Nine o'clock struck, and I stood up from my chair, intending to go to bed. Holmes looked up from his desk, where he'd started fiddling with the project he'd abandoned when we'd left for Ferrymore Bridge. We stared at each other a moment.
In the very earliest days of our courtship, Watson and I circled one another like two boats in a whirlpool: our fate was inevitable but we fought it very hard. I remember long evenings spent silently in his presence, unable to go any nearer to him but refusing to put any distance between us. When it became clear that we both suspected the other of an inverted nature and a fondness that bordered on attraction, still we hesitated. It was illegal, then, and the idea of risking our friendship to slake our mutual lust was terrifying. When finally we managed to speak honestly about it, it still took us hours to share our first kiss. We spent that night in his bed, fully clothed, savoring the simple contact of our bodies.
"Once more unto the breach," Sherlock murmured under his breath as the cooks burst into a frenzy of activity. John couldn't help smiling.
Number 221 was a short walk from the Baker Street tube station, and it was a damned strange place to think of sticking a restaurant. Marylebone Road was crammed with traffic, and Regent's Park was always full of pedestrians, but Baker Street itself was mostly corporate offices and residences. A few souvenir shops spilled their wares onto the pavement, and John passed a Tesco and a Costa as he walked up the street. Not exactly the classiest spot for a high end eatery.
"Tolerable," I replied, cursing my cowardice and sinking down into the chair. My own name jumped out at me from the newspaper. "What are they saying about us?" I asked, indicating it. I took the other half of his sandwich from his plate when he looked away.
The first week of business went so smoothly that John was half-expecting the disaster that struck on the second night of Restaurant Week. They had a dining room full of people—strangers, actual paying customers with actual expectations—and they were experiencing demand for the entirety of the menu, prix fixe and a la carte. John was standing at the kitchen door, keeping an eye on the floor and having a muttered conversation with Lestrade about which waiters they wanted to keep when the sound of a commotion broke out in the kitchen.
"Oh, well," Watson said. He was leaning into my shoulder, the warm bulk of his body pressing against mine and unbalancing me slightly. To correct the imbalance, I removed my arm from between us and put it around his shoulders. "Perhaps I did say that," Watson went on, "but I am rather drunk at the moment." As if to prove the point, he drained the bottle of wine. "Would it be rude to leave this here?"
Jim smiled, nearly apologetic. "Chef Watson, that's right, of course, I'm so sorry. Do you mind if we begin right away? Chef Watson, how long have you and
I scratched my fingers in his pubic hair and stroked his outer lips as he sighed against my mouth. His hand not in my hair reached across his body to pinch my nipple. I dipped my fingers inwards; his quim was slick and soft, welcoming my touch. I felt him heave another breath and took the opportunity to bite his lower lip until he moaned. Then I turned my head aside and applied myself to his neck, alternately biting softly and sucking hard enough to leave a mark.
Mary was waiting at the bar when he arrived, looking as if she belonged there. They'd spent more than a few late nights here after the dinner shift at Fifth Northumberland, and even with her haircut and her new coat she brought the memories thundering back.
Mrs Hudson's voice came through the heavy wood, "Mr Holmes? Inspector Richardson stopped by early this morning and left a note for you to be delivered as soon as you were awake. Normally I wouldn't bother you, of course, but..."
He put his head back against the arm of the settee, breathing deeply through his nose as I rolled first one nipple between my fingers, then the other. His prick was fattening up between us, and it was almost as though I could feel his brain slowing, with something else very engaging to focus on.
"There are certain limits to my… abilities to perform," he warns, dropping his voice low. He cups my face, his thumb tugging at the corner of my mouth. "But as always it is it is my greatest joy and privilege to serve you."
, when Sherlock got out of a cab. He was followed by a tall, dashing, friendly-looking man in his early forties, his hair already gone mostly grey.
Having been summarily banished from my own sitting room, I went up to my bedroom to undress. I changed into my nightshirt, wrapped myself in my quilted dressing gown, and sat down on my bed to consider the notes I had taken before our vigil. I didn't consider them for long before the lateness of the hour and aftermath of the excitement had caught up with me.
"Right, you lot," he said, "Mycroft's going to have Track 1 all to himself, if I'm not mistaken, which I never am, and my parents will probably order Track 3 for two. Anthea won't eat."
He grinned and moved his hand to cover the hard ridge of my prick, where it tented my drawers up. My hips jerked up into the pressure and I gasped as he gripped me through the fabric. He began massaging me slowly like that, rubbing up and down my shaft and playing with my tip with his thumb. I let my eyes roll back in my head and gave myself over to the pleasure of it, grasping at his bare back and the sheet beneath me.
John smiled despite himself and shook his head. "No," he said, "it's all right. But it's… good of you to offer."
I could feel him nearing his crisis; he was vocalizing on every exhale, and his body was beginning to shake. Then he pulled hard on my hair and his prick came out of my mouth with a slick pop.
Watson came, and we walked out of the precinct together. Lestrade was nowhere to be found, and I wasn't going to go looking for him to thank him just now. That could wait.
"Fuck you," she said, but she let herself be steered by the elbow for the door. "You can't get rid of me that easily."
The room was about thirty feet wide and sixty feet deep, and was completely empty, down to the bare hardwood floor. The staircase up to the upper level cut into the front part of the room. The wallpaper was peeling and half the lights in the ceiling didn't come on when Mrs Hudson flipped the switch. Any sunlight that might have warmed the room up was entirely blocked by the paper on the windows. It looked like a crypt.
"I am," I said, and reached for his hand. His ring was warm on his finger. I wanted to tell him how grateful I was that he'd agreed to have me, even though I'd done no courting at all. I wanted to express my affection for him and his generous, self-deprecating soul, but I'd never been good with words of that variety. It was a marvel I'd given him enough to go on in the first place.
“The wait staff need a straight shot from the door to the potwash,” he said, pointing along the route they had cleared. “The line chefs need to be able to talk to the waiters when the orders are up.” This with a jab of two fingers at the window that opened onto the dining room. “All of this,” John went on, and now the sweep of his arm took in all of Sherlock’s favorite tools, “is for the mise en place. You will not be rotating or evaporating anything while this place is full of customers, and you know it, so they go along the wall.”
I didn’t know the Superintendent personally, but my brother probably did, so the threat carried enough weight.
John snorted. “I’m… not sure that’s true,” he said, and went out into the dining room to make some phone calls. Sherlock watched him from the kitchen, eyes fixed on the way his shoulder muscles moved under his shirt as he paced back and forth. He hadn’t demonstrated any weakness on his left side as they’d rearranged the appliances, but now he was holding his phone in his non-dominant right hand. He was more recovered than he knew. The circumstances of the injury had certainly been traumatic, but surely by now he should be more or less fully recovered. For a moment, Sherlock wished he could see the shoulder bare, get a look at the scarring and see if he could tell what kinds of surgeries had been done. Then, as John hung up and turned around to face him with a smile, he realized he’d been staring. He looked away, heat flaring in his face.
"All right, there?" John asked. Bloody cheeky. Sherlock nodded. John's hands shifted, pulling apart Sherlock's arse cheeks as he worked his hips, grinding deep into him. Sherlock could see the sensations as they played out across John's face, and John wasn't hiding any of it. It was beautifully intimate, and Sherlock's heart felt like it would escape from his chest. Every movement of John's prick inside him sent shocks of pleasure through him. He lifted himself, giving John more room, and John grunted in approval. His cock stabbed deeper with every thrust; he was starting to pick up speed. Sherlock moved to meet him, rocking on his knees, his cock bouncing in the air between them.
Lestrade finally leaves us alone with a promise that she will be back in the morning, and I approach Watson carefully where he stands by the window.
We walked and walked as the evening wore on, and just as I was thinking that the threat of snow might actually manifest in the sky above us, Holmes fished his watch out from beneath his coat and said, "Let's go back."
, but he didn't know about it yet. Sherlock had ordered all the coats together and just put that one aside. John might need it, but Sherlock didn't want to pressure him into wearing it. He'd come 'round eventually.
"No, no," he assured us, but I could tell that was exactly what was happening. "It's… no, don't worry, gentlemen." Worrying was quite out of the question, but I didn't tell him that. Jennings said, "Stay here, just a moment," and disappeared out the front door.
"Maybe," Sherlock said, returning the kisses and rubbing his nose against John. "I'm hideously self-important, or so the reviewers have told me."
“Lestrade came to fetch me,” I said, “to get you out.” I turned around to address the constable at the desk. “Hopkins! Release this man at once.”
"I just slept about twelve hours," Sherlock said, fetching a pot out of the lower cupboard. "I'm capable of practically anything right now."
"Come on." He grabbed my hands again and pulled me the opposite way down the street. We emerged onto Oxford Street and managed to flag down a cab, despite the hour. It was a closed four-wheeler, and as we got in Holmes pushed me into the corner of the seat and climbed into my lap.
The first touch of his tongue on my glans made me jump, but he quickly softened the touch with his lips and warm breath, enveloping me in wet heat. He licked away my dewed excitement and moaned when I slid my fingers into his dark hair. His fingers played against my entrance, massaging the exterior ring of muscle and coaxing it open. I was eager, tilting my hips and pushing my cock into his mouth. He bobbed his head up and down, his tongue teasing my slit. Lifting my head, I could see that his prick hung heavy and stiff between his thighs, the foreskin pulled back and the tip gleaming.
The black depression into which I fell upon my return to London, which only eased as I began writing about him again. Revisiting our adventures at the urging of my wife was the only thing that kept me going, that first year.
“What’s for breakfast?” I asked. “I am feeling wholly invigorated, ready for anything today. Have you got a case on? Anything that needs investigated?”
His hands clenched on the top of the walking stick, and I felt him shift his weight away from me. He took a deep breath and let it out again without saying anything.
John led him into the office and closed the door, and then kissed him soundly. He pressed himself full-length against Sherlock, and Sherlock sank back against the door to receive him. His tongue was warm and insistent and Sherlock melted into it, sliding his hands up John's back and returning the kiss.
Then there was the time I'd rushed to Lyons to rescue him from himself, his room littered with telegrams and the man himself in a heap on the bed. He'd felt so thin in my arms, the strain of the work tolling on him physically and emotionally. I made him go on holiday with me to Reigate, and, though the holiday turned into a working holiday, witnessing his revival was deeply satisfying. I have always enjoyed taking care of him.
He had been plagued by jealousy before today, strongly hating the fact that Sherlock’s body would occasionally be entwined with someone other than himself, but now, when almost faced with the other man in person, it increased the level of envy and resentment even more. He felt a strong urge to just march straight back, ignoring Sherlock’s orders and reveal himself to his rival, make him aware of John’s actions for the past two months and what sort of threat he actually posed to the upcoming marriage. But a rational part of his brain reminded him that such an act would hardly be appreciated.
Their eyes connected, John feeling the confusion his own eyes were displaying, Sherlock’s being more ambiguous. But Magnussen was quick to make his own presence known, interrupting whatever chance they had of communicating this new twist of events.
It was still too dark to see him properly but his familiar scent as well as his voice was all John had needed to know who he was facing this time.
“I think you like that about me, John Watson. Easier to boss me around if you think I’m asking for it by being a flirt.”
To his surprise it felt slightly painful to consider that angle but for now he decided to waive it away on account of the promising arrangement that Sherlock was offering him right now.
That was indeed the case, because after Victor’s unexpected, armed visit to John Watson’s barrack, followed by his impatient phone call to Mycroft this morning, the man’s patience was slowly beginning to snap. And whenever Victor’s patience came to an end, he turned to Magnussen in an effort for him to solve any deadlock. While doing so, he had revealed that Dr Watson was no longer working for the Holmes’s.
He was visibly angry and seemed to be the kind of man who, when provoked, would not hold back when incensed.
While plotting, Mycroft had realised that removing the obstacle of John Watson from his brother’s life could easily backfire considering the attachment Sherlock had formed with his flatmate.
Losing his balance a little bit by accidentally stepping on Sherlock’s dressing gown, they both fell down on the thick carpet, Sherlock beneath him with his back against the floor, John on top, quickly taking advantage of the upper hand by straddling those slender hips with his thighs, locking the writhing body under his weight.
It was terribly demanding to have such a sibling and he wondered what his life could have been like if he had not constantly been disturbed by Sherlock’s reckless antics. On the other hand, he was never bored when he had his brother around and in a world where people in general where of no importance to him it was nice to feel that he could connect with at least one individual out there, even if it was usually in a very antagonistic way. And in the end he did actually love and care for his brother, albeit in his own very peculiar way.
But he, as I was later informed of, never forgot about me, and he held on to some deluded idea that he and I were meant for each other. As he was not able to achieve that result on his own, he apparently decided to find someone who could help him arrange it for him.
“I assure you that Dr Watson and I will do our very best to prevent anything from happening to him. You don’t need to worry yourself about it, he will be joining you in front of that church altar when these four months have passed, healthy and unharmed.”
Rule number one was obviously not to provoke them, but who knew what Dr Roylott had done to this one before sending it in here. He didn’t even know how it had entered the room in the first place. Presumably there was an entry from the ceiling or high up on the wall, a ventilation hatch perhaps. It didn’t really matter, what mattered right now was how he was going to avoid getting attacked.
Being kept prisoner tied up to a bed in the reclusive house of a mad man, his only companion a snake who had just bitten him and thereby signed his own death warrant, no one knowing where he was, probably ending up being one of those mysteries that he himself was so fond of trying to solve. That certainly warranted some self-pity.
“Well, if we switch back to the subject of the missile plans for a second. As soon as Mycroft and I had solved our little dilemma, I didn’t really care where the original ones had ended up and I suppose I was a little careless as I pretty soon stopped looking for them altogether. Little did I know that I had managed to misplace the plans while visiting my dealer on the night of the theft. He in turn later gave them to Victor who held on to them, not quite sure of what to do with such a gift but still smart enough to realise that one day they might come in handy.
He was firmly pushed aside to make room for whatever it was that these men were doing but then one of them more gently had pulled him by the arm towards the door, spoken to him even if he afterwards couldn’t remember what had been said, then he was escorted out of the room, the door closing firmly behind his back.
John suddenly realised that Sherlock never had told him the circumstances surrounding their first meeting and what it was that had caused that anaphylactic shock. As it had not been on account of a wasp sting, what had it been about?
“I believe I told your driver that I had resigned. That was two days ago. I have not changed my mind since then,” he said, keeping as much distance between himself and Mycroft as he possibly could.
And isn’t it really his minions, not the man himself that deals with the surveillance and the technicalities of it?
John reached for Sherlock’s phone that sprang to life at his touch, the display showcasing 55 missed calls now, assumingly all from Magnussen. At least something was going according to plan even if these two mother hens weren’t realising it.
Considering how little they had to go on, there was a plausible risk that they were going to return empty-handed, and no further clues to go by. Perhaps Sherlock was even back home by now, blissfully unaware of this unorthodox rescue party. Or perhaps he wasn’t even in the need of any rescuing at all and would just get angry for the disturbance they caused.
John on the other hand looks like he’s cut in stone. Very serious, a frown across the forehead, lips tight. He looks...interrupted.
“Be careful,” he admonished, most likely to deaf ears, because when Sherlock had picked up a scent and was indulging himself in the rush of one of his games it was difficult to get him to listen to reason.
John made sure to fill in his reports more excessively from now on though by adding some details, like the nosebleed, the weight Sherlock claimed to currently have, how many cigarettes he smoked each day and so forth. The details he didn’t have he made up with the aid of Sherlock who willingly supplied him with the information he needed.
That Mycroft still bothers with keeping his sibling under such close scrutiny with the aid of extensive surveillance is a bit peculiar when you get the feeling that the two of them hardly can stand each other, but maybe fraternal duty weighs heavier than whatever dislike Mycroft might harbour against Sherlock and vice versa.
Most of all he had appreciated the company they offered him as he had felt very lonely after his return, and even if the work could be exhausting and occasionally caused him to crash face first into his bed from exhaustion, he had managed to regain a sense of self-worth that for  a man like him meant everything.
“If we are to continue doing this I’m not sure I like to do it in your brother’s room, it feels a .....bit.....well, uncomfortable I guess. Like we’re sticking it to him even more than we already are by luring him with our new plan. So either you clean up that room of yours upstairs or introduce me to your own bedroom.”
And since he is standing here, in the doorway of the still damp and steamy atmosphere of the bathroom in Baker Street, omitting to both knock or politely wait in the living room for John to emerge of his own accord, it means that his issue has something to do with Sherlock.
But then he heard it again and this time it was much clearer, no need to prick his ears to recognise what it was.
He couldn’t afford to show any vulnerability. He was going to remain hard, cold and factual, rejecting every attempt Sherlock might try to charm his way back into his arms.
“I haven’t begged for mercy in my life, it would be a shame to start now, seeing as it is just about to end.”
If the rest of the house was very bare and minimalistic, this room was quite the opposite. It had probably been like the rest of the house once because there were still signs of the pristine furniture beneath all the chaos that was now dominating the room, but presumably Sherlock had done his very best to erase whatever Mycroft had tried to achieve with his bland interior design.
“I’m sorry but I have made my mind up, I have no intention of returning to care for your brother anymore.”
And thirdly, but certainly most important - you need tell what it is that you have kept from me and after that I’ll decide what it will mean for the future of us. I’m not withdrawing my offer to help you with Magnussen, but depending on the scale of your lies, I might actually reconsider withdrawing any future sexual activities between us. So, spit it out, Sherlock! All of it! And if I later find out that you have left so much as a measly little detail out, that will be the end of you and me. Understood?”
This was normally Sherlock’s role, playing the erratic one, but they were all doomed to act out of their comfort zones tonight apparently.
“When it comes to the world of crime solving you are my superior, I have no problem conceding that point.  But when the methods you use cross certain boundaries and become more fantasy that cold hard logic, I no longer feel able to tolerate being the inferior party. Someone needs to rein in the risk-taking bastard when he is making a fool of himself. Or tries to make a fool of
Unfortunately I didn't manage to wrap it up in just one final chapter. So an epilogue will follow shortly.
Sherlock disappeared inside his bedroom to grab one of his dressing gowns, the wine-coloured one in silk that usually indicated that Sherlock was going into preparation mode. John had learnt to read Sherlock’s moods a little bit by observing which dressing gown he went for.
“If you had a brother with his very own top-secret research facility, wouldn’t you at least make the attempt to figure out what’s going on in there?”
An imaginary-John was far better than suffering through this ordeal alone and he tried to form his lips into a whisper of the other man’s name but was unable to succeed.
Because if he despised Victor Trevor with true venom, Magnussen was someone he actually hated even more.
“It would be interesting to know how you became aware of the existence of that gun in the first place. That can hardly have been written down in any file given to you by Mycroft Holmes,” he said through clenched teeth.
Sherlock twisted his head to look at John over his shoulder as he complied with his order, but John stubbornly stared straight ahead instead, not returning his stare.
Dr Roylott was strong in build, probably a brute when pushed over the edge, but Sherlock was agile and skilled in how to fend for himself, so for now, no need  to worry, just keep all senses on edge and watch out for what lurked in the corners. He had faced worse.
Even if time was of importance, Mycroft still decided that this particular little detour was essential if it meant that he would succeed in ridding himself of Magnussen’s presence.
Mycroft had drawn a hand across his face in exasperation at the sight of it, eying the shards of glass scattered in front of him as well as the liquid seeping into the carpet. Then he had redialled the number in order to talk to Sherlock.
As Sunday was mostly spent in bed, under the pretence of sleeping off his slight hangover and to prevent himself from overanalysing recent events and then Monday meant work as usual, there wasn’t much time to mope around and nurse his bruised feelings.
He never threatened me with his knowledge of what I had done because he probably realised that no one would believe him anyway. Nine people out of ten would distrust such a ridiculous story, but when brought to the attention of that tenth individual who actually knows how to deal with that kind of information, it can change everything. And in my case, that person was Charles Magnussen.”
His lips touched mine once again, but this time it wasn’t a kiss. He just made sure that his blood had entered my mouth. I tried spitting the dark liquid out, but I already had the coppery taste on my tongue.
After a while, the pain in my arms stopped and the person left the room without saying anything else.
“I’m afraid I’m going to keep you here until you run dry”, he then added a sly grin showing up for just a second.
I didn’t realize what I had done until Sherlock suddenly backed off and held his cheek. I only then noticed my right hand shaking and burning.
Molly shurgged. "I wanted to ask you if you'd like to come with me. Of course in a manner that Lestrade won't notice us."
“I found a linking to the thought of having you as my servant. You look so much better in a dress and when you’re not thinking so much.”
"I really think this is a bad idea", I said as I got out of the cab and pulled my skirts up to not dirty them.
My vision went blurry again and kept me from another snarky remark, so Sherlock continued: “Don’t worry, I will not turn you into my kind. I don’t need your hatred against me amplified by vampiric powers.”
I decided to give her first-aid first and noticed that her body temperature was decreasing rapidly. I grabbed the telephone and called Scotland Yard. I nervously waited for a connection.
Sighing, I took a seat near the dance floor and observed the people. After a while I found Lestrade wandering around and this made me keeping up my guard even more. This worsend once I saw another familliar face. As he approached me, I tapped my own fan on my right ear.
We walked through the twilight and I used my chance to ask Baynes something: "Did you take care of the poltergeist yesterday? You could've told us!"
“A protective spell? Seriously?!”, I screamed helplessly and slid to the floor without any strength left.
"Give me one reason why I shouldn't shoot you here and now", I hissed at him and he got up from his seat.
Then, I finally unwrapped the thing inside and once I held it in my own hands I was even more staggered.
Lestrade gave a nod of confirmation. "We still don't know who's behind this and it drives me crazy."
I carefully ried to get her on her feet but she was so weak that I decided to carry her to Scotland Yard.
I sighed. I did that a lot lately. If I was lucky, maybe I got to speak with Hooper... The cab suddely halted and I followed Lestrade into the hospital without further ado. And luckily, I got to speak with Dr. Hooper. I sat down on the treatment couch and the doctor in front of me on a chair.
I also found a cup and filled it with a bit of the water. I needed a candle for the spell, but I hoped that this still would be enough to undo the spell. I kneeled in front of the door and put the cup down and let the ashes fall into it.
“Don’t see this as an act of kindness”, Sherlock said bitterly, “I will come back for your blood, sooner or later.”
"Here we are", he then said relieved, after we stopped after a while. Before we entered the house, I saw something moving in the corner of my eye and turned around. I saw a kind of spectre moving behind a wall but didn't see anythign too suspicious.
"No that's not it!", I said, "I'm just not an interesting person. There's not much to tell about myself!"
I thought he would let go of me, let me drop to the floor for either Anderson or Hopkins, who were both on patrol duty tonight, to find me but he instead lifted me up.
I fixed my scarf and croaked: "I think I will patrol through London a bit. I can't handle a dead body right now.
"I gave you a promotion three days ago. And since then, you ran into danger twice. I don't want to look like I gave you the promotion because I like you."
"Lestrade...", I whispered and tried to get up, but the room was spinning around me and I didn't want to puke all over the place, so I decided to stay still.
The Monster suddenly turned around and I amlost dropped my weapon. I was so startled, I could've been just thrown to the ground. The eyes staring at me were glowing red, but the face ... og the face was all to familliar.
"Well, I'm going to call off a manhunt, maybe some of the watchmen will catch the guy", Lestrade said before finally leaving the room.
I suddenly was wide awake and sat up straight in my bed. “Leave!”, I shouted and clutched my blanked tighter. A cold hand was still holding my wrist.
The woman didn't answer but let out a soft moan. At first, I thought that she might me a prostitute but after looking at her clothing, I knew that they must've been quite expensive.
"You need to stay calm", I adviced her, "You need to breathe carefully. Do you understand? Respriation!"
The woman then suddenly drew a piece of paper from her cleavage. "I have been invited to somewhere, but I just cannot find that place. Do you know where it is?"
"John", the revenant said with an soft voice, "You'll encounted a lot of things in your job that other people would find disturbing. That you're afraid is a completly normal reaction to what is happening to you. You're strong, but even you have limits and they seem to be crossed. You need to decide for yourself what is best for you now."
He leaned down lightly to me and whispered: “You’re in no condition to walk the streets at night at the moment. Plus, I’m not going to let you leave this easily.”
“Oh, and what do you think they will do to you?”, he asked back coldly. “Now that you’re on the verge of becoming a vampire’s servant?”
“Oh, am I?”, Sherlock growled into my ear. “You know what happens when a vampire drinks more than once from a single victim in a short period of time, right?”
The procedure was repeated five times in total. And everytime, I felt my mind slowly slipping away. My eyelids grew heavier and heavier and I became more and more aware that I couldn't escape anymore. The first two times I cried, screamed, kicked and tried to free myself but then I lost my strength until i just let them do whatever to me.
"I'll see what I can find about this", I said and blowed the ink dry. "We stumble from one case into another."
Luckily, nothing much happend that night but Hopkins didn't seem to return to Scotland Yard. After multiple inquieries, I found out that Hopkins had called Lestrade that night and told him, that he went home earlier because he didn't feel well.
In frustration, I let my head rest against the door behind me. The thought that Sherlock intended to turn me into his servant was still lingering in my brain. I closed my eyes and tried to recollect what I had learned about the vampire-servant relationship in the DSO training.
I followed the hunters outside, they called a cab and brought me home safely. I invited them into my flat and before they left, Daniel left me a piece of advice.
I forced on a smile. "Well, he did attack an innocent woman. She's alright, luckily, but what would've happened if I didn't show up?" I rubbed my upper arms to warm myself up, I was suddenly freezing.
He strangely haven't recognised me yet, so I put my shyness a bit away. Then I remembered that I left my Lancaster at home. Stealthy, I took a better look a Sherlock and grinded my teeth. He was really handsome. His pale skin and light eyes looked nice together and his soft curls complimented his sharp cheekbones. We danced for a while, but then Sherlock pulled me a bit away from the crowd. I wanted to fight back, but I didn't want to call attention of the DSO, so I let him pull me into a room.
“You’re not leaving this place!”, Sherlock hissed at me, “Not until I can drink anything else than your blood!”
When a vampire bites a victim a couple of times, the amount will vary from person to person, in a short amount of time, a kind of contract is sealed between them. This does not happen if the blood is drained through other methods. After the contract has been established, the victim will feel a connection to the vampire and be more susceptible to mind-control by that specific vampire. The mind of the victim will degenerate over time and they will become a mindless shell of their former self, ready to do everything that their master wants. The contract can be broken if the vampire is killed or the victim themselves get turned into a vampire. Or, if the victim dies.
Sherlock lifted his eyes, his expression severely hurt, pupils dilated wide and breath sounding heavy.
"Yes. A woman came here last night and told me that she heard strange noises in her house and that there was no source for them. That's why she consulted us."
I was more than relieved that Lestrade wasn’t going to dismiss me. But he reassured it more than necessary that it was only because my skills were of much worth to the DSO. After about a week, he put me back into duty and I was on another of my nightly patrols tonight.
"It's not about Betty Walter", Lestrade said and opened the door to his office. "John, we need to talk."
Sherlock lowered his head and bit into my wrist which causes me to scream loudly in pain, but he didn’t drink my blood. Instead, he bit into his lower lip with one of his fangs.
"Holmes dies have a good taste after all. Yes, indeed. Sadly that does not transfer to his taste of women", the person talked shop and looked at me from every angle. "But you really did dress up, didn't you Dr. Watson?"
"A man by the name of Sherlock Holmes was found murded. There clearly was no doubt that he was dead his throat sliced and mauled. Everything was covered in blood. It was a truly horrible sight to behold. he didn't seem to have any relatives as noone showed up to his funeral and they never found the murderer. But the disturbing thing about this was that two weeks after his death he was seen again in the city. I mean, the photographies weren't definite but it has been confirmed by different people and it's really scary just talking about it.
"Oh, the gentlemen have arrived!", the woman said happily, "But you're a bit late! Your collegue was already here and got rid of my problem!"
"Looks like geezer squeezed you quite a bit. Nothing too bad but it hurts obviously. It'll be surely gone in a few days", she explained and then took a seat again. "Everything else alright?"
Although I was angry at Lestrade for treating me like this, I really didn't wanted to upset him any more so, I mostly spend my days in my house. I used my newly found free time to fix some thing in my flat, so read some nice books but soon after a week I started to get bored, though well rested. I simply wasn't used to this kind of tediousness. But then, in my second week off, I got an unexpected visitor. It was quite early in the evening and while I didn't expect anyone, I hoped it was Lestrade, coming to apologise to me. But it wasn't Lestrade who was at the door.
Lestrade had his arms crossed in front of his chest and looked at me gloomily. "John. I'm not sure if you're aware how this whole situation makes me look."
"You're afraid. The same way when we first met", Sherlock reasoned amused, "Why is that? What makes you so afraid of me?"
“With this salt, take back the spell from where it came from”, I recited and sprinkled a little salt into the mixture.
I wanted to answer, to ask something, anything but a wave of dizzyness came over me and I had to use all my strength to not just vomit on the floor.
"Oh, what a shame!", the man exclaimed disappointed, "Maybe we'll see again? I'm going to give a little ball soon! Come if you like, it's going to be at Baker Street!"
Daniel took his hat from the counter and smiled at me. “Just like Emma said. We’re just hunters. Stay save, Dr. Watson, so we’ll hopefully never met again.”
Lestrade has gotten anxious. "There was a strange case about fifty years ago", he said. "Of course I wasn't there to witness it but I've heard and read about it. It must be one of Scotland Yard's most curious cases!"
"What do you mean, ou have found another dead body?", Lestrade snarled at Anderson, who took the nightshifts for a couple weeks from now on.
"No I'm not lying! I swear!", I lied and hold my hands in front of me. "Maybe I just got the name wrong?"
I blushed and wished, I had my fan to cover it up. Sherlock ran his other hand carefully through my hair and then looked directly into my eyes. I felt my body growing numb and I stareted to panic even more.
And without another goodbye from me, they left the flat and me sitting there, the cooling cup in my hands.
He pulled me up by my shirt and pressed me down onto the table. I felt some of the things scattered on there press roughly into my back.
I then felt his breath on my neck, as he whispered. “If I were to drink your blood now, I might kill you”, he sounded like was trying to explain this to himself rather than me, “and if I kill you, what good would your corpse be to me?”
"It's not your first time", Lestarde said to calm me down, "Yeah, well your first hunt with your own weapon, but not your first hunt. You know what I mean."
"I will", I whispered and felt something cold when revenant Wakefield placed his hand ontop of mine.
"You're perfumed, you wear make-up and your hairstyle is different. Maybe it's that?", Molly considered.
There was this thick air between us and it stayed until Lestrade shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. "Could you find anything useful about this symbol?"
"Should someone accompany you? What about Hopkins?", Lestrade and I looked around but we couldn't see him anywhere.
"Why yes. A clever one, are we?", Sherlock scoffed at me, "Of course I'm a revenant. I'm surprised you didn't notice earlier!"
“Jeanette that’s a disastrous problem, are you aware of that?”, Molly tried not to scream at me. “If Lestrade finds out they will terminate you! In their eyes you’re no better than a vampire now!”
"Is there a legitimate reason why I have to do the night shifts now?", I yawned while walking through Scotland Yard's entrance together with Lestrade. I recieved a telegram about one hour ago and this of course woke me from my slumber.
"I shoudl kill you right here and right now, but that would be no fun, would it?", he whispered in my ear, sending chills down my spine.
"That means that you're quite lucky that you have encountered me and not someone else", Sherlock said and I felt his breath on my neck, "Someone else would've torn you to shreds already."
"I want you to tell me everything you know", I said as quietly as possible, "and then we'll talk about the payment."
"Oh, shut up!", Lestrade shouted, I never heard him getting this angry. "You two are highly suspicious and we'll keep you here until we know more aout that nest!"
"That was he vampire I already met. I'm actually surprised that he did not recognise me. At leat my scent."
“Wha-?”, I breathed and closed my eyes once the room started spinning around me. I wasn’t yet ready to get up, so I tried to have a look around with only turning my head slightly.
The woman thought a while to recollect her memories. "I... I was at a festivity", she started telling, "I had fun, but it was getting late really quick. Then, this man approached me", she seemed to shudder with horror, "He offered me to escort me home and I thought this was a really polite gesture so I accepted. And on the way home, he pulled me into this alleyway and..."
I looked at Lestrade shocked about his outburst of anger and once he noticed how harshly he has spoken to me, he looked to the ground and left without saying another word.
On our way to the woman's place, I felt like we were being watched. It's probably just my fear of meeting Sherlock Holmes again but Hopkins seemed to have the same problem.
I turned around as quickly as I could and left the alley to not puke on the spot. Baynes came running right after with my gun in his hand and we left again for Scotland Yard.
I gulped. I didn’t feel anything different towards Sherlock, so that must mean that there is yet no contract between us, which was good. I needed to get to Lestrade as fast as possible to lead the others of the DSO onto Sherlock’s trail, no matter if he was connected to the murders or not. I couldn’t risk another bite from Sherlock and in my current state I wasn’t even able to defend myself from him.
"Why? Because you were at the wrong place at the wrong time. Holmes was a factor we didn't even consider."
"Lestrade, it's fantastic!", I exclaimed facinated as I examined the silver bullets which also were worked with carvings.
Lestrade gave me an serious look. "John, this case was about fiftly years ago. Why would anyone talk about it? Unless... Unless you're not telling me the truth."
I nodded back and undid a few buttons on my shirt. She then carefully touched the red marks with her fingers.
"My name is Daniel Goodwin", I heard the man's voice. "This is Emma Goodwin, my daughter. We saved this woman from a vampires' nest."
“You are surely aware of this, but I will elaborate it for you: Once a vampire has tasted your blood, it will be easy for him to follow your scent if you wander around the city. You’re save enough in your home but be careful to whom you open your door.”
Standing around the corpse were some poilicemen and I carefully made my way through to take a look at the victim slash culprit. On the ground layed a tall young man. His light grey eyes were fixed on the heavens and opend wide as in shock. His mouth opend as he wanted to scream.
"So", Lestrade started, "Lara Owen is being escorted back home this moment by some of our policemen", he said and interlaced his fingers ontop of his table, "Our duty is to find the culprit right now. Any ideas?"
I placed the bar of soap inside the cup and continued: “Make this spell cleaner as I wash this spell off from you.”
Then he caressed my cheek and cupped it in his hand. The feeling of his cold skin through his thin glove against my burning cheek made me shudder. Then his hand wandered down my neck onto my collarbone and rested there for a moment.
Although it still was night, it was pleasantly warm outside with a mild wind blowing. But I still tugged my coat tighter.
From outside the door, I heard Lestrade's loud arguing. "What happened?", he shouted, "And who the hell are you two?!"
Our ways parted and I, again, got the feeling that someone was watching me. I tugged my coat nervously around me and started walking a little quicker. I only started to panic, as I noticed something moving around the corner of my eye but when I turned around, nothing was there. I kept speeding up my pace until I was running back to Scotland Yard. Gasping for air, I entered the building. Since when was I scared by darkness?
Then suddelny I heard a loud voice shouting and I noticed that it was myself. I had apparently not fully regained my senses but held on to reality tight enough to cry for help. My effort were then silenced by Sherlock who covered my mouth with his hand and finally let go of me. He held me because I lost the ability to stand upright as I still couldn't feel my feet properly.
"Thank god", the woman said, "Do you know what happens when the same vampre feeds from you multiple times?"
"We, Inspector, are professionals. Professional hunters in fact", Emma said, "We get paid fairly well for our work and get to places the DSO would dream of!"
I shook my head. "I couldn't. All clues lead to nowhere. But similar symbols suggest that it might be a kind of ancient Vampire-language. But nothing's for sure."
The person seemed to turn my way, but I couldn't see their face in the shadows. Then with a jerk faster than I could notice the person fled. I instantly ran after them and tried to keep my hat on my head. The thug was very fast and I had problems keeping up with them. I drew my weapon. I wouldn't be able to hit anything while running but there still was a chance that the criminal would be startled by the sound and stop. We entered a wider street and I pulled the trigger. The recoil made me take a few steps back but I saw that I hit them. The person stopped and put his hand on his upper arm. But they kept runnign away so that I lost sight. After I made sure that the thug was totally gone, I decided to go back to the attacked woman hurrily. I knelt in front of her.
“This is not about that”, Daniel said, and I saw something shift in his eyes I couldn’t place, “It’s about this Holmes fella you mentioned.”
"I don't like you", I said a little bit louder and was surprised how I changes the words to sound less angry.
"You're pretty troubled, aren't you?", Lestrade declared and I twitched, "Did something happen last night?"
“Now, would it be fun to let you go, or should I just keep you here with me?”, he said through the fingers placed thoughtfully over his chin, the grin eerie and fangs still covered in blood. He grabbed me by my hair and pulled me onto my feet; knees still wobbly.
time for me to search for an partnership. But I wasn't able to finish my chain of thought because someone adressed me from the side. I looked at them in surprise.
I poured myself a glass of water. As I took a few sips, I heard a knocking on my door. I choked on my drink and went to the door coughing. Once I passed the window, I saw something there from the corners of my eyes. And I saw a bat sitting there after I turned my head. I grabbed a broom near me and opened the window.
