“Well He’s sure as hell not listening. You still pray every night? When’s the last time He answered for jackshit?”
Dean laughs and shakes her head. Bobby glances at the direction of the stairs and then nods, mostly to herself.
A flap of wings and he’s gone.
“I’m really not in the mood to eat,” Dean sighs, leaning against his car and refusing to make eye contact with the angel.
“It was positive.”
“It was killing them. They knew it was killing them, and they still couldn’t just fucking be honest.”
Bobby picks up the bowl and fills it again, warming it quickly. “How’s school?”
Dean’s shocked he doesn’t run the car off the road on the way to Bobby’s just to give them all a break.
And maybe she didn’t mean the double entendre, but it made Dean tense nonetheless and his body start to burn. He stood before he even thought about it, dressing quickly in dirty clothes, but he’d had dirtier so he didn’t care.
“Back when… back in high school,” Dean gasps. “Fuck, Bobby, I’m sorry. I’m… I’m real fucking sorry for the way I acted, alright? I—”
He stands, patting Sam’s knee like a father in a TV show, and pointedly looks at his plate. “Finish that, would ya? I spent all morning making it.”
But really, that’s what he did. He told him it’s okay, look, I’ll even joke about being in love with Cas. Give you a chance to make a “that’s my man” joke, give you a chance to say anything you want because I’m smiling Dean, I’m always smiling about things that make you happy and you’re always crying about them, but never in front of me. You cry in the bathroom or under the covers or go out to Baby at night when you think I can’t hear you closing the Bunker door, but never in front of me. Never in front of anyone.
Dean squints. She hates how much Bobby knows about their childhood just from taking shots in the dark. “It’s not the same,” she snaps, unsure why she’s getting so defensive about it.
“And I can tell you about Babylon and the Mayans and the Iroquois, but that doesn’t mean you lived with and watched those civilizations like I did.”
At first the angel is so still and unblinking that Dean assumes he doesn’t know the hunter is awake. Dean’s wrong of course, because he can never assume anything in his life. Not that his boots will stay together through the winter, not that his brother won’t side with the Devil the moment they step into Georgia, and not that he can fool an angel with fake-sleeping skills he’s been practicing since he was a teenager.
He gets off his bike and walks over to her and she lets him stick his head under the hood before she brings it down fast and hard, smashing his vampiric skull clean through and beheading him as an extra bonus.
Dean swears suddenly, in a language unfamiliar to Mary. She and Sam look over to see Castiel laughing, his eyes glowing a little more than usual.
“You’re gonna let me read it?”
“Hey, Deanna,” a high and perfect and obnoxious voice says behind her. Dean turns around, covering her chest instinctively even though she’s got a sports bra on.
It’s been a long time since he got on his knees for money, but not all that long since he’s gotten on his knees to please, whether he wanted to or not.
She steals her father’s jacket for the walk because she needs something to protect her and it feels bulletproof most days. And besides, John’s too drunk to notice it missing.
“It’s Bobby. And it’s just microwave ravioli,” Bobby says back because she’s
“That is untrue. God did not have favorites among His creations.”
“Anything, Dean. You can tell me anything.” Sam leans forward, but he’s careful not to invade his space. Dean chose where he was for a reason, chose for Sam to be laying down and Dean sitting up straight away from him.
“In my younger and more vulnerable years,” he begins dramatically, his mouth slow and full of cotton like all little kids’ are, “my father gave me some advice I’ve been turning over in my head ever since.”
Sam rolls his eyes and grits his teeth. “Jesus Christ, Dean, I’m all grown up now. I’m not the five-year-old who needs you to cut the crust off my sandwiches. We’ve been actual, genuine Hell. Why do you still feel like you have to protect me?”
“Are all angels as… stiff as Castiel is?” she asked Sam once while he surgically dissected the books in front of him. He looked up at her, laughing at a joke she didn’t get. She never gets the jokes around here.
When Dean and Erin leave the closet, she can barely hear the wolf-whistles over the crashing waves in her ears. And then Erin tugs her back into the circle as a new guy appears, holding an unopened six pack, and Dean distantly thinks,
The statement brings back memories to Dean so vivid they nearly drown her, and she clutches the kitchen table to keep afloat. It’s what her mom had done for her. It’s what she’d done for Sam.
“Everyone seems to be starving for something.” The slight muffle in his voice from the burger he’s eating only drives his point home. No angel should be hungry, especially not the way Cas is. Dean knows about the purity of fasting. “Sex, attention, drugs, love.”
“Turn that off,” John snaps, cuffing Dean on the back of her head. She flinches, but she can’t. She can’t take her eyes off of the screen.
“Dean,” Sam says, rolling his eyes because he never heard John Winchester drunk and mumbling about the way his boy was born in sin.
“He’s not
“Interesting that Sam would be the one to stop Famine, then, considering he caused yours,” Cas says because Cas isn’t stopped by things like shame.
No, that makes him sound terrible. Dean is stressed about it and really, Sam likes the disobedient angel with a little too much spunk. He just hates watching Castiel, angel of Thursday, soldier of God, eat M&Ms with his big brother on a stained bedsheet. It’s not holy. It’s not good. It’s not what Sam knows angels are.
“Because I’m an idiot who doesn’t know what he wants,” Dean said. “Well,
Castiel glared at him. “It was hurting my finger.”
“Please,” Dean said, stepping aside to let Castiel through. He closed the door behind him. He smiled again, thinking about Castiel—whiskers and all.
“Did you get indigestion?”
As fun as the hike had been, when they made it back to their camp safely, Castiel was flooded with relief. He slumped down on one of the logs, ready to stay there forever. He was exhausted.
“I believe you. Listen, I gotta let you go. I’m gonna check on Dean.”
But right now it was time to work.
“It doesn’t matter,” Castiel said. “I can help you.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “You know I can’t stand him.”
“Oh, thank God,” Sam said. “Where was he?”
Castiel kissed the corner of Dean’s mouth. “I’d love to.”
“So,” Dean said, pressing his eyes shut.
“Hi,” the lanky boy said shyly from the back row. He stood up to ask his question, but he looked nervous. As soon as Dean made eye contact with him, the boy looked calmer. “My question is about your main character, Jake.
Dean blinked, taken aback by the direction the conversation had taken. “That’s…right, yes.”
The bookstore was packed. There had been a long line outside, but the employees had worked their magic and gotten everyone seated. When Castiel had decided to attend the event, he didn’t consider how famous Dean Winchester was. He should have known, though.
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Castiel said, reaching for Dean’s hand.
“I’m really excited to get to know him better,” Jess said. “I think he’s nice and cute, and I could tell he cares about you just from the little I saw of him.”
So far, they had given teething rings and massaged her gums, but this was the third night she was up crying and Castiel was worried this wasn’t teething anymore. When he felt her forehead, it was warmer than usual. Her pediatrician had also warned him that a slight fever was normal during teething, but this felt warmer than a slight fever.
“Hey, Cas, I’m going to my place. I’ll see you later at work.”
“No,” Dean said, simply. It didn’t bother him at all. But it disappointed him to know that the rumors weren’t true. It was something he would have to deal with on his own, though. Things were good with Castiel right now. Really good.
Dean untangled himself from Castiel and took enough steps back that he hit the wall behind him. “I’m gonna go check on Claire, and then I’ll wait for you to get out of the shower so we can go get groceries.”
“Oh, I came with my brother to get an oil change on his car,” Anna said, shaking her head. “He’s really clueless about cars. But I don’t blame him. He just got back from his writing cave. He spent weeks locked up in this cabin finishing his novel. I had to force him to get out of the house and get some fresh air.”
He hated it whenever Jo was right. “I’m doing great now, babe. How’s Colorado treating you?”
“I don’t believe that. And neither does anyone else.”
Castiel frowned. He’d never known this about Dean. “You don’t believe you’ll ever find someone right for you?”
“I’ll hold you to that, Novak.”
“I don’t think me stuffing my face is worth remembering,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt the need to take a picture. Keeping a record of his life was not appealing. What was there to remember?
“Well, there were a lot of rumors that you and Aaron were going to get married. I think in an interview you said you were ready for a long-term commitment and you thought Aaron would be a big part of your future. The internet went wild. I was almost thirty at the time. Everyone around me was getting married. And Daphne was my girlfriend. She was very good to me. I liked her enough. She seemed like the right option. So, I asked her if she wanted to marry me one night over dinner. She said yes. And we did it.” Castiel shook his head. “I wasn’t in love. I don’t think she was in love with me either. We were more like really good roommates than a couple most of the time. So, about a year ago, I asked her if she was happy with me. She said she was, but she thought she could be happier with someone else. I felt the same way. So we got a divorce. There wasn’t a big blowout or anything. We’ve remained friends.”
Dean gasped, breaking off the kiss to press short, hungry kisses down Castiel’s neck, nipping into the sensitive skin there.
The judging went on for a while with there being around twenty bakers in the competition.
Dean’s head snapped in Castiel’s direction, and then he was tripping over the broken pieces to get to Castiel.
“I still can’t believe you’re here,” Sam said. “When was the last time you were in Chicago, maybe five years ago?”
“Yes. That’d be nice.”
dad wanted to be his
“That wasn’t a no.”
“Yes, I do. I want to be there for her. I want to be the best version of myself for her. I owe it to Claire and Amelia.”
Since he hadn’t brought his clean clothes into the bathroom with him and there was no time for drying up, all Dean did was wrap a towel around his waist and nearly ran out of the bathroom. Castiel was sitting on the edge of the bed, with the phone still pressed up to his face, saying his goodbyes.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam called from behind.
“Sorry. You had a little bit left there.”
A slow grin spread on Castiel’s lips, and Dean was reminded all over again why he fell in love with him so easily. “Even with my wings?”
want to fix it,” Dean said, looking at him. “It’s why I’m here right now.”
Castiel winced. “I guess I did. Sorry. I really shouldn’t have. You shouldn’t say it either.”
“It’s
“Not the final version I didn’t. It’s an actual book now. I keep getting distracted because I can’t stop flipping back to the dedication page.”
Then Castiel undid the knot on the towel, uncovering Dean, who was already half hard. Usually, whenever Dean tried to get himself off, it would take him from fifteen to twenty minutes just to get a semi. But Castiel had only kissed him for a couple of minutes and had achieved a lot more than Dean ever had on his own. Castiel licked his palm before taking hold of Dean’s cock, and Dean let out a loud gasp.
“It’s fun,” Sam said, grinning. “I think my channel’s growing pretty fast. I have about fifty-thousand subscribers already. And I get money from ads, so it’s not an entire waste of time.”
“I picked them up when we were out,” Castiel said.
Dean turned to look at Jess, who was playing with Claire on the couch and smiling at Dean with amusement. Dean rolled his eyes and then he opened the door.
Guilt was settling in. Dean had been in Aaron’s place before. But he still didn’t like the way he’d talked to Castiel. “I’ll go to the Roadhouse with you on Sunday
“And Jon Snow,” Dean said, kicking up his feet and taking another sip of his drink.
After eating the sandwich, Castiel set the empty plate on the nightstand and gulped down the milk. He noticed the bottom nightstand drawer was half open, and a book was sticking out. Castiel picked it up, only to find a copy of his first book. It was a paperback and the spine was deeply cracked. It was a worn copy, well read. For a second, Castiel thought he was already asleep and dreaming because this felt so unlikely. Naomi had always claimed to not be interested in anything Castiel wrote. She’d never supported his choice to become an author. Never even believed he’d do it. And it had taken him a lot of years and hard work, but he’d done it.
If I were a musician, I would have written a song for every freckle on your skin, especially for my personal favorite on your left (butt) cheek. I think of your freckles as stars, but brighter and closer and easier to touch. When I fill your face with kisses, and you laugh in my arms, I’m really kissing your freckles. What can I say? I’m a sucker for them.
It took a lot of convincing, but eventually, Dean agreed to return back to Charlie. They’d looked through all the houses within a five-mile radius, and it wasn’t safe for Charlie to be on her own. The drive back to Sam’s street was silent, aside from the loud roar of the Impala. Dean had too much on his mind to talk. Dean was grateful that Castiel didn’t force conversation between them.
Castiel held up a forkful of his cake for Dean, and Dean opened his mouth to it. Then Castiel wiped a thumb on the corner of Dean’s mouth to remove a few crumbs.
“Hi,” Dean said.
Your husband Dean
“I told him I didn’t want that. Then he asked me if there was someone else, but I didn’t say anything.”
Anna and Castiel went to stand in front of the statue, and Dean took a few pictures. Anna threw finger guns at the Mothman in one of the poses, and Dean just shook his head.
“Should I get some water for her?” Dean asked from the doorway, feeling out of place.
“Idiot,” Castiel said, kissing Dean’s temple. “I’m really very tired.” He reached over Dean to turn off the lamplight.
“Dad, I told you Amelia passed away over a year ago,” Anna said, annoyed. “I flew to Oklahoma for her funeral. Remember?”
Dean took a shaky breath. “I don’t want to hurt Cas. I’ve never wanted to hurt him. But I do have some issues to work through that might be getting in the way of our relationship.” His leg bounced even faster. “There are some things I’ve kept inside.”
“What?” Dean said.
“You haven’t slept.”
When Dean stepped back into Castiel’s bedroom, he found Castiel already curled up in bed, head under the blanket, with only his hair sticking out. Dean smiled fondly as he got in bed. He thought Castiel was already asleep, but then he spoke.
“This is just like old times,” Castiel said with a sigh.
“That was genius,” Anna said. “And what a perfect song.”
It was a normal Friday night, except Dean was ghost hunting with his gang. And yeah, he had absolutely no idea what he was doing. But Dean was a professional bullshitter.
“Excuse me,” Naomi said, wheeling herself between a group of people. She’d drifted away to look at the wood art on a different stand. But she had little patience for anyone getting in her way. Or for anyone in general.
Their kids would undoubtedly be a nightmare simply because they were kids, but Dean wouldn’t have it any other way. Dean was the luckiest man on earth and he couldn’t wait for tomorrow.
“Come on, Dean is the coolest,” Castiel said. “He gets to hunt monsters for a living, and looks badass doing it.”
“That’s the point,” Sam said.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “There’s a second bathroom, actually. It’s down the hall. There’s no shower in it, though.”
“Dean, what the hell did you do?” Castiel asked, following the old man as he headed to the stage. “Dean?”
Castiel sighed. “Can you please tell me why it bothers you so much? Do you not want to be my boyfriend? Is that it?”
“You look tired,” Anna said. “I was thinking you should let one of us drive next.”
Castiel turned on the radio, and a soft, quiet song started playing. If Dean had been driving, he would have worried the song would put him to sleep. But this wasn’t Dean’s car, so he had no right to protest over the music. Besides, he was trying to make nice with Castiel.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Um, horizontal?”
“Alright, then,” Aaron said, smiling crookedly. “What’s your name?”
Anna looked at Dean briefly before turning her eyes back on the road. “This one will have to be unanimous. I vote for Chicago.”
As they entered the junkyard, they were greeted by an older, bearded man wearing a plaid shirt and an old dirty ball cap. He didn’t look impressed when Anna snapped a shot of him.
Dean opened his mouth to say something else, but his sour mood was quickly improved at the sight of Charlie and Jo approaching them. He almost sank into Charlie’s arms when she came up to hug him. “I’ve never been happier to see you.”
Not what Dean had been expecting to hear, but he wasn’t mad about it. Usually Dean didn’t really get to swim whenever he took Lisa and Ben to a waterpark or the apartment pool. Dean was always the one to watch over Ben as Lisa did her laps. The fact that Castiel had volunteered to take over the task was kind of heartwarming.
“Yeah, he’s in the kitchen,” Dean said.
“Perfect. I’ll see you tonight, Dean. And hey, I’m really happy for you. Trust me, this is a good thing.”
They sat together on the couch, eating muffins. Dean had the suspicion that Castiel had come this early with the sole intention of checking up on him after yesterday. Dean hadn’t bothered to hide how much his recent argument with Lisa had affected him. It was nice to see how much Castiel cared, not wanting to leave Dean alone with his thoughts too long.
The doorbell rang first thing in the morning. It was Saturday, so Dean was sure it was Castiel. Dean had already made it clear that Castiel was not only allowed but
Castiel was too tired to roll his eyes, or he would have. “I
was the portrayal of a bisexual character, without it being the focus of the story. Jake was bisexual, but his so-called journey wasn’t about that at all. It was about survival, and the root of human instincts during difficult circumstances.
Claire accepted the bottle greedily, fisting her tiny hands. She still had tears on her face. Everyone was crying in this house lately.
“Sam’s asking for you,” Charlie said.
“So...your family has money.” Back when Castiel had told Dean, it had sounded more like a fairytale. Dean didn’t think he’d ever met rich people before.
The panel ended soon after, but then the book signing followed. That was the part that took the longest, and since Dean didn’t need to stick around for that, he took Claire to the children area and read her a book. Claire loved bedtime stories and she must have thought it was time for bedtime, because she passed out in Dean’s arms before he finished reading to her. Dean kissed her sweaty forehead. She must have been exhausted from all that running around. To be honest, Dean was drained, too.
“Are you kidding? The moment he leaves I start counting down the days.”
“Yeah, I think so.” Dean accepted the water, and he took a few careful gulps until he downed half of the bottle.
Before Dean could get another word out, Castiel pulled Dean by the shoulders until their lips met. Castiel licked Dean’s lips open, kissing him sweetly. Dean could taste the pistachio ice cream combined with the chocolate one he ate, and it was a mixture of tastes. He straddled Castiel’s lap, wrapping his arms around his neck as he licked down Castiel’s jaw. Castiel made small sounds of pleasure between his quickened breaths.
“Yeah, but I’m gonna find a tree to pee on first,” Ben said, sitting up and wandering off a short way.
“Too much clothes,” Castiel complained, taking off Dean’s shirt and working to take off his pajama bottoms. Dean managed to take them off and then they were skin to skin and it was delicious.
“She showed me her car. It’s the most beautiful car I’ve ever seen in my entire life. My Baby would hate me speaking this way behind her back, but damn.”
“Just crack some eggs, hon,” Mary said, putting on her old purple apron. She hadn’t worn it in months. “We’re making French toast.”
Dean stood there for a moment, wondering why Sam had wished him luck. Dean didn’t need luck. Business was good. His family was good and healthy. His friends and employees were amazing. Life was good.
“Tempting.”
“Cas, you’re loaded. You’re fucking rich.”
Castiel nodded. “Hey, if I grab snacks, will you grab a bottle of wine and meet me by the pool?”
family?”
“Ben,” Claire said, handing him a graham cracker right after she bit into it.
They reached Charlie right when the song ended and then they unhooked their arms in order to hold each other’s hands, facing one another.
As soon as they made it to Dean’s home, Dean tried to get Castiel up to his bedroom, but it wasn’t as easy as it’d played out in his head.
Just two more days.
Castiel didn’t answer the question. Instead, he shoved Dean against the couch and straddled his lap, his hands sliding underneath Dean’s shirt. “I was thinking maybe the two of us could do something together.”
Gabriel nodded. “You can call me Gabe.”
Castiel pulled Dean to his feet, and made sure he was steady, before he walked to the center of the stage, where Gabriel was waiting for him.
Dean snorted. “Rich people.”
“Absolutely.”
At one o’clock in the morning.
? Dean, please.”
Thankfully, Gabriel put them all out of their misery by
“Yes, I had a lot of fun!” Ben said, playfully throwing water in Castiel’s direction.
Dean had been working relentlessly to make Ben’s birthday party a success. Lisa had contributed by making the invitations, but other than that she’d claimed she was too busy to help with the rest of the preparations. But even that hadn’t deterred Dean. He’d asked Sam, Jess, Bobby, Castiel, and Amelia for help, and they’d all kindly agreed to contribute as much as they could. Dean had been eternally grateful to them. Without them, he wouldn’t have been able to pull it off.
“I’m amazed at our self-control, actually.”
Dean leaned against the counter. “Everyone will be so disappointed not to get gift cards this year.”
Claire sucked on the ring, still staring up at him, blinking her wet lashes.
Castiel smiled down at the cup. “Thank you, Dean. You didn’t have to do that.”
“You’re sweet.” Castiel set down his rose above his ear like you would a pencil.
Castiel laughed, and it was the best sound in the world.
Dr. Williams furrowed his eyebrows, the first real sign that something was wrong. Something had to be wrong. Castiel could feel it. “Such rapid labor is uncommon. We must act fast, Mr. Novak.”
“Your apartment isn’t small, Dean. You live in a Penthouse.”
“You’re not old,” Dean said. “You got a lot of years ahead of you.”
They got through the first scene, which involved Dean being sprawled on a couch in his underwear. And Castiel waking him up by sitting on him. Dean might be a lot of things, but he was a professional actor. He laughed when he had to laugh, and he was charming when he had to be charming. The entire scene involved Dean and Castiel joking with each other now that Michael and Emmanuel were roommates once again. Their characters had always had a great back and forth. They bickered like an old married couple. Dean was able to put his issues aside and be Michael, while Castiel was Emmanuel.
“I’ve given it a lot of thought,” Castiel said. “Anna can’t stay because of work. I can work from anywhere. I can’t leave you alone to fend for yourself.” Castiel turned to Dean, who was gaping at him. “Dean, I know this isn’t fair of me to ask. This wouldn’t be permanent. I’m sure we can figure out a solution.”
A beat of silence.
“Calm down,” Anna said, shoving Dean back down. “I didn’t mean it like that. Go to sleep, huh? You’ll feel better in the morning.” Anna turned to Castiel. “Are you ready to do some push-ups, bro?”
Dean walked closer, running his hand through Castiel’s hair to mess it up slightly. He’d chosen this day to finally brush his hair, and it was completely unnecessary. “Don’t wear the jacket.”
Charlie and Rosa locked eyes, smiling widely. Then, completely in sync, they both said, “Coffee sounds perfect.”
“Hide,” Dean said through his teeth.
“Tell me.”
“Then we came back here,” Cas continued. “You told me to follow you to my office so we could talk and listen to some music. Except, we didn’t get to talk so much because the moment the music started playing, I was all yours.”
“Goodnight.” Castiel blew Dean a kiss.
Dean jumped, eyes wide as he turned to Castiel, who had a daring smirk on his face. “What are you doing?”
Finally. Finally, Dean reacted. He bolted to his own kitchen area and requested actual loaves of bread, and lots of cheese. If Dean had been known to cook something well, it was his grilled cheese. Once the bread and cheese appeared on his very own kitchen counter, he got to work.
“Do you think we’re complicated now?” Castiel asked, furrowing his brow. He looked just as confused as Dean felt.
Castiel shook his head. Marriage was definitely on the table. All Castiel needed was to pop the question. “No, you’re not wrong.”
Dean hadn’t been expecting two of his teachers to out themselves in front of their classes. (Charlie had told them she was a
Dean rolled his eyes. “Those things are too tight. Try wearing them for once, see how you like them.”
“Let me buy us some sodas from the vending machine. Is Coke okay?”
Dean glanced up at the silver Mothman with its long talons, solid wings, and crystal red eyes, and he was mesmerized. It wasn’t exactly how he had drawn the Mothman in his sketchbook, but he liked this version just as much. Anna took a picture while Dean was distracted.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Fun? You think drinking yourself to death is fun? You’re such a fucking idiot.”
“Have you kissed Dean before?” Castiel asked. That question had not been asked before.
Dean shifted forward onto the edge of the couch. His hands were clammy, so he wiped them against his jeans. “Lisa, why are you here? I mean, why did you decide to come back after all this time?”
They ate chocolate cake and coffee for breakfast on the couch, with Claire sitting between them and Dandy to Castiel’s right side. It was a great morning, better than all the other ones they’d had together. Dean hadn’t been able to wipe the smile off his face ever since Castiel crowned him Claire’s father. Castiel’s kindness and humongous heart were astonishing. Dean would never stop being in awe of him.
Sam chuckled. “You’re Uncle Cas?”
Castiel had spent the entire day decorating his house for the Halloween party tonight. Well, he’d had a lot of help. Dean and Sam had come by earlier to lend him a hand. They’d put up the classics: cobwebs, fake spiders, plastic bloody limbs, graveyard headstones, skeletons, ghosts, and an array of pumpkins. Castiel had also covered the entire place in orange and purple string lights. They’d finished up with enough time to put on their costumes. Castiel had asked all of his guests to be as creative as possible because Amelia wanted to be surprised. Since everyone loved Amelia—it was impossible not to—they all agreed to put in the effort. Even Dean, who’d originally been so against it.
And the one she hates the most is Erin. Erin, with her hair cut short and her nails cut short and everything else about her that is most certainly not short. She stands two inches taller than Dean and she waltzes around the locker room like she has nothing to hide, and from the few times Dean has looked her way, she knows she doesn’t.
Cas appears one day in their motel room and walks directly into the bathroom without saying a word. Dean and Sam exchange a look before Dean stands and follows her, the door not even closed.
“You haven’t smiled once while you did it.”
Sam points out the window and dutifully says, “Cows,” as Dean drives. He does it multiple times, and on one farm that's over a hundred acres, he does it twice. Cas, furrowing his brow, waits a few more miles before contributing.
When Sam was six, he crawled out of bed in the middle of the night, the room empty of both his father and his brother. His dad never came home, but Dean never left him, not if he could help it, and never without an explanation. So he shuffled over to the nightstand on Dean’s side of the bed, looking for a note or a reason or a promise he wouldn’t be alone forever, but he stopped when he heard the muffled sound of crying from the bathroom. Not just crying, but sobbing, the kind that Sam sometimes did when he woke up with the taste of pennies in his mouth.
When Sam was six, he realized his brother was really, really scared, but he’d never tell another human soul.
They fall silent for a moment, Dean’s heartbeat thrumming in her fingertips. She can’t meet Bobby’s eyes, even when she speaks, quiet as a whisper.
“Famine said I wasn’t hungry because I was already dead inside,” he whispers.
Sam Winchester kills Famine in an all-you-can-eat diner with blood dripping down his cheeks, fresh off the high of exorcising demons with his mind.
“You knew a lot of people who… had it?”
and she has no idea why.
“For telling you I used whore myself out?”
“I’m going to read it,” Dean declares.
Dean laughs. “Where’d you get it?”
“I think it’s mostly vodka. Alex’s parents are super prissy. But I bet I can find you something!”
“You do not appear to be interested in sex today.”
Dean’s really good at keeping people happy.
“Beer?”
“I’ve never heard of her,” Dean admits.
“You sure you don’t... have an idea in mind of what you want?”
Bobby doesn’t say anything, though, and Dean’s voice shakes from exhaustion. “Because why me? If there is a God out there, why would he give a shit about me?”
did what… what I couldn’t.”
“Yeah.”
“Yes I do.”
“You’ve never had a milkshake?” Dean demands as he slides into the seat next to Cas, startling them both with his approach. “Oh man, we’re fixing that.”
“Well, it wasn’t called AIDS at first. The newspapers got ahold of it and called it GRID. Gay-related immune deficiency.”
he leaves unsaid, “but why do I deserve to get saved? I’m just a regular guy.”
There’s a pause. A long one. The opening notes of a song Sam distantly remembers begins, and Dean hums along. Sam doubts he realizes he does it.
Dean flinches a little because yeah, he did, but sometimes his stomach growled over the sound of the teacher’s voice and sometimes Dad yanked him out of class because it’s not like he’d ever use that kinda stuff anyway.
It’s choppy and ugly and she doesn’t bother cleaning up the pile of hair beneath her.
He pads his way back to bed, still full.
It goes exactly how he expected. He does prove Sam wrong. He proves to Sam that the only thing he’s got going for him is this fucked up family. He proves Sam’s eyes can get emptier than they already were, his shoulders lower. And Sam tells Dean that he’s just one person, that he’s not enough for Sam. Dean’s always known, but it’s bitter to hear Sam say. Dad, hunting, family, it’s never been enough for Sam because he could do better. Dean knows he’s settled.
she half-thinks because her brain isn’t fully working at the moment,
She starts borrowing Bobby’s clothes instead of stealing John’s.
“Your prayers. They do not come through anymore.” He looks up, and Sam can’t tell if he’s looking to the heavens or if he just doesn’t want to meet the younger Winchester’s eye. “You are kneeling for no one.”
“Have you done an at-home pregnancy test?”
“You ever want any?” Dean presses.
“What?”
“Who the fuck knows? Aren’t you supposed to be the Christian?”
Dean turns and starts calling Cas’s name down the aisles, finishing the conversation with a reminder that makes Sam’s footsteps a little heavier.
“I loved them so much,” Mary had whispered in a heavy, haunted voice. “That’s why you and Sammy have your names, did you know that? I wanted to give that love to you.”
“That’s not how he works,” Sam sighs because they’ve had this debate before. “God works in—”
“Yeah,” he says defensively, reaching for the few moments of peace he’d had in classes. “Shot heard 'round the world, how bills become laws.”
“I can do it,” Dean offers because Dean even decades into her life is a fucking idiot. “Let me do it.”
“I don’t think so.” He looks back at Cas, locking eyes with a celestial being he is incapable of fully comprehending, wondering if an angel could ever understand a man who’s sold his soul. “I’m numb. I’m fucking numb.” He takes a sip of soup to delay his next words, which barely come out of his lips. “And the only person who doesn’t make me feel like I’m starving myself is you.”
It takes a moment of awful silence for Dean to realize she didn’t even sound sad.
“Gee, thanks,” Dean says, but both of them know he means nothing by it.
“I guess not.” He takes a longer swig than necessary, wondering how long it would take to literally drown himself with the cheap beer. He twirls the idea in his mind briefly, thinking about the lovers stuffed full of each other. But he stops when he sees Sam’s expression hasn’t changed.
He is gut-wrenching.
The power in the room is practically tangible. The subtle warmth that radiates from Cas almost lulls Dean into thinking he could really be protected.
Cas could probably snap her fingers and clean herself up, but she moves malleably under Dean’s hands and ducks her head under the faucet of the sink when Dean begins to run the water.
Within a mile after the tree incident, they see a billboard ahead with bold letters declaring HELL IS REAL. Dean takes a wrong turn to avoid passing by it.
In the second high school of her senior year, Dean’s required to take a gym class. She doesn’t really mind it, thinks of it as training, one less thing her dad has to make sure she does right. And because she has it during the last hour of the day, it happens to coincide with the volleyball team leaving for their games or tournaments or whatever they’re called (it’s not football or baseball or boxing so she never really cared to learn), which means her changing coincides with their changing.
Dean is fully aware she doesn’t actually have a choice, but she stops herself from rolling her eyes until the woman leaves.
Sam followed Cas’s gaze to the window where a pair of little kid angel wings were sitting on the $5 rack.
“Of course. Stay here for just a moment, would you?”
“You have immaculate pitch,” Cas tells her, her voice echoing in the sink.
“Does that bother you?”
“There’s a party over at Alex Mitchell’s house and I was wondering if maybe you wanted—”
“It was just a dream,” he hisses like a confession of weakness.
She doesn’t know how to take his response. If she’s noticed it in just a few days, there’s no doubt that Sam has, too.
so he pulls it down from the shelf and disappears. Dean thinks that for the rest of her life, she might be watching her brother walk away from her carrying books in his hands, and she’s proud and empty because of it.
say mysterious ways—”
Erin waves him over and turns to Dean and her mouth might be inches away now but Dean
He might be skin and bones, but to his dad he’ll always be dead weight.
“Wait a minute,” Sam starts, and Dean can feel his whole body clench as he waits for what he knows Sam will say next. “You’re not hungry?”
The group goes through two rounds before it’s Dean’s turn.
“You can ask why.”
the unkillable voice of his fourteen-year-old self growls in his mind.
“Oh my God,” Erin exclaims when she sees her like they’re in a chick flick. “I’m so glad you could make it!”
she thinks.
“I mean, I’ve saved some people, okay?” he interrupts. “I figure that made up for the stealing and the ditchin’ chicks,”
“They’re real close,” she tries.
“What’d you find?” Bobby asks, and Dean flinches hard enough that she has to steady herself on the chair. She turns to face Bobby as she clambers down to the floor and shows her the title. She waits for the “don’t you think you’re a little young for that” or just a “no,” but Bobby nods solemnly.
If Dean was blindfolded and bleeding, he’d know how to load a pistol and aim well enough to give Sammy a head start. With lore books spread out on Sam’s bed and a dozen different browsers open on his shit laptop, it may look like Dean’s not the brightest hunter in the family. Thing is, he doesn’t need book smarts because he’s got survival instincts. He’d dug himself out of his own grave because he knows how to keep a cool head and roll with the punches that life and his father dealt them. Latin be damned, Dean knows the things that matter, like how to tell if he was close to getting a beating by the shade of bloodshot his father’s eyes were, or when the guy across the room was worth the risk of being found by some drunk jackass wandering into the men’s bathroom. Sam’s got instincts too, but he’s got powers and Dean’s starting to worry that if Sam relies on that psychic shit any longer, he’s gonna lose his edge. Or maybe he’s just worried Sam’ll prove to be better than Dean is even if he leans a little heavy on his mind powers.
“You were never supposed to find out, just drop it Sam,” he says, backing up a little towards Cas.
He tries to make a joke because he may be the emotionally stable one of the family, but that doesn’t really mean jack shit for the Winchesters and he never knew how to shut John up, just how to yell over him.
Dean walks in before Sam can respond, and it’s nothing but teeth and softly glowing eyes and the faint hum of electricity in the air after that.
“Okay.”
“So, you’re not into bars of lonely women?” Sam demands, incredulous, which stings in a way that it shouldn’t.
“It’s alright if you need time to decide. Figure out what you’re feeling.”
He turns to put the photo of the priest down, and he’s glad he’s not looking into his brother’s eyes when Sam says, “I do.”
Cas must have been a witness to a thousand baptisms, must recognize this holy feeling they’ve created between themselves, and as she leans forward to empty the space between them she declares, “Dean Delilah Campbell.”
She is four years old when she becomes a mother. Carrying Sammy in her arms, she runs out of the house like she was a bat out of hell (that’s what her ma always says), and Sam doesn't even cry. She remembers feeling relieved. She remembers looking at him, drops of blood trickling from his mouth, and thinking, this will be okay.
Before Dean can finish her last word, Bobby pulls her in for a hug, and Dean loves hugs, fuck she loves them, and the two of them cling to each other for a long time.
Castiel’s hands spark while he traces the continents on the table. Mary realizes he probably watched them form. “Of course not. You would have to ask Dean about those things.”
“Good game,” he mutters, gesturing at the TV.
“Are you alright?” Sam asks, walking in further and gesturing to the trash can. “Not feeling good?”
And Dean is absolved.
“Alright. Well, AIDS started up in 1980. Or maybe it was ‘81, I’m not quite sure, but it was the early 80s. A lot of people will talk about the hair and the music and Reaganomics when they think about the 80s, but all I remember is death. I watched a lot of good men die. I donated my weight in blood, but it didn’t matter because no one was doing shit, not as fast as they needed to, anyway. Do you know why?”
“Remarkably patronizing concern. Duly noted,” he says out loud.
Dean keeps his eyes on the road, tapping his thumbs against Baby’s steering wheel. There’s a buzzing between the two of them, and Dean’s nauseous from nerves. He wishes he could just say things sometimes. Like when Sam left and called Dad a “manipulative bastard who used his own damn kids like weapons.”
Sometimes, when Sam is cooking some awful vegetarian version of breakfast and Cas sits at the dining table in low-hanging boxers and Dean’s shirt, the bunker feels like another place that can be burned.
“I need a pregnancy test,” she says confidently, a statement she’s been practicing on her way to school for two weeks now.
He lets Sam believe in God for the same reason he’d let him believe in Santa: maybe the old guy is real. He just doesn’t come to kids like them.
“Then why stay here at night? Aren’t there… angel things to get to?”
Enochian written on hearts. His ribs feel too impersonal now.
He rolls his eyes at himself, thumbing the radio dials to drown out his words. “All I’m saying is I know that God’s name in Latin is Christo. You don’t need to teach me how to hunt.”
Computers are flat and sleek and pot is legal in some states and cars can be charged and she still has no idea how to ask if anything that really matters has changed. Mary’s been scared for her oldest son since she caught him playing house with the boy and the girl from down the street and Dean had introduced her to his “husband and daughter.” Or really, she’s been scared since the boy and girl told their parents about their playdate and neither of them were ever allowed into her house again.
“Thanks.”
Sam thinks he might be sick. He thinks about the trash can in the kitchen weeks ago, Dean’s hands against the tile of the floor and the way he reacted to touch like he’d been burned.
“Well between stopping the apocalypse and figuring out why Heaven wants me to do their dirty work, I guess it never comes up in the pillow talk.”
She’s not ashamed of her body. She can’t be ashamed of the only thing she’s got going for her. Some girls will hog the bathrooms to change their clothes, but Dean is fine stripping naked right there in the locker room when she needs to.
Dean shrugs, heat rising to his face. He’s been skipping more days than he’d like to admit, more days than his dad or Sammy know. He doesn’t want to tell them why because then he’d have to explain what he’s doing, and then he’d have to explain what made him this way.
He detaches himself from Dean like it’s easy, like he isn’t scared to let his brother out of his sight, like John won’t beat him if Dean gets hurt. He detaches himself like he can, which guts Dean more than the hunger.
“Seven to eight.”
“No shit.” She lowers her gun, and Dean hears the girl behind her follow suit. “I’m Ellen. That’s my daughter Jo.”
Cas has a knife in one hand and the mirror in front of her and for a moment Dean is looking at herself. She reaches out for the hand holding the blade. “Cas, what the fuck are you doing?” she asks.
Sam still prays, even though it makes his hands burn a little when he clasps them. He tells himself he’s just imagining it, that Ruby and Dean’s teasing is just getting to his head. He ignores the way his palms are a little pink every day before he goes to bed.
Goddammit if Dean couldn’t understand that.
He was supposed to be upset. Humiliated, emasculated, whatever. But fuck, he was ecstatic. A chance to do it over. A chance to want it.
Dean thinks it’s going to be the latter today.
It takes until she reaches the surface, gasping for breath and spitting dirt out of her mouth, to realize she’s really back. The haphazard cross stitched together for her haphazard body would have been in flames by now.
“You’re drowning in that jacket,” Dean says, poking at the trench coat. They’ve known each other all of a handful of weeks, and now they’re sitting at a children’s playground the day after Halloween and she’s making fun of the angel of the Lord’s clothes while her praying brother stays back at the motel.
“Sure,” Dean mutters, adjusting to distance himself from Cas.
Cas lifts the plate and something in Dean’s stomach fills up just a little. If he can’t get Cas to want him, then he can at least give him everything he does want. He almost flags down the waitress for another order so Cas can pick whatever food he’s craving, but then the cherub interrupts them before he can even watch his angel take a bite.
“A homosexual.”
“Sometimes it feels like I knew every one of them.”
“Well, kinda,” he said. “Comparatively? Cas is really mellow. Angels are all a little uptight.”
“Bobby, we gotta talk,” she announces. She swings herself up on the counter where Bobby is chopping up vegetables, keeping her voice steady like she’s casual and this isn’t planned and her heart isn’t in her throat.
Dean subconsciously covers her bare midriff, her stomach roiling, and she nods at Erin.
He hadn’t even let it get past kissing before he broke down. His body pressing Cas’s against the wall, both of them flushed red and Cas’s throat wet from Dean’s tongue and then, very suddenly, from Dean’s tears as he tucked himself under Cas’s chin and sobbed.
“I have to tell you something,” he murmured instead, and never let it be said that Dean Winchester was a coward. “I have to… before we take this anywhere Cas, I have to tell you…”
“Thank you,” Dean says, she means it. Slowly, she pulls Cas’s head from the water, and when their faces end up millimeters apart, she doesn’t hurl words at herself, and she doesn’t bring up personal space. Cas’s hair is still dripping, but it’s Dean who feels baptized. Cas lifts her hands to Dean’s cheeks, and Dean stops humming what she realizes was k.d. lang’s cover of “Hallelujah.”
“I betrayed my Father for you,” he says seriously.
“Why not?”
Even if Dean had tried, it’s not like he would have been let into any college. Sam doesn’t just want the apple pie life; he’s wanted by it. Rolling onto his side and clutching his ribs, Dean knows that Sam’s wanted bad.
Dean shrugs noncommittally, trying not to admit that the same question has been tugging at him ever since Cas told them what was really going on. “Hm?”
Mary knows logically that demons and angels are the polar opposites of each other, but she still finds herself startled that lights don’t flicker every time Castiel enters a room. She looks up, her eyes blurry from straining to read her husband’s writing in the dim light of a lamp. The angel stands silently, tilting his head, and she feels guilty for telling Dean angels watched over him. The pressure of those eyes is not for a child to bear.
Dean has to restrain himself from using his fingers, waiting the agonizing seconds it takes for Bobby to find a spoon for him to use. The dish is scraped clean within three minutes.
“We can’t hear you, Sam,” he tells him.
“Do you believe in God?” Sam asks Bobby over dinner one day.
but Cas takes a deep breath and he knows he has something to say.
Dean tosses a box of cereal into the cart. “What’d you do?”
“Yes it is.”
A look crosses Dean’s face that reminds Sam that, even though he’d never admit it, Dean keeps a photo of Cas tucked away in his wallet.
“C’mon. You couldn’t walk a straight line right now. Let Cas and I—”
It is surprisingly quiet when she gets there. From her understanding, there are supposed to be picketers lined down the street to call her a whore and murderer, two things she’d been but neither of them are related to this, but instead it's just her, alone, walking down the empty concrete with her hands shoved into her jeans.
And doesn’t that just make sense? Dean Winchester, a weapon in the hands of the Father.
like Dean said. But it’s the first hot meal Sammy’s had in over a month and a half, so she stays quiet.
“They were children,” she argues, unsure who she is trying to fight.
Dean was four when I died, and Sam couldn’t even hold his own head up. Don't call them soldiers.”
“Yeah, I never much liked it either,” Bobby says, taking his seat next to Dean again. The man is long used to speaking into the silence of the Winchesters. He pushes the bowl to him, but suddenly Dean’s stomach is churning to the point where not even starvation can control his movements anymore.
“Well, look at me. I mean, I came back from the furnace without any of my old scars. No bullet wounds, knife cuts, none of the off-angled fingers from all the breaks. My hide is as smooth as a baby’s bottom. Which leads me to conclude, sadly,” he tacked on the last word for his brother’s benefit, “that my virginity is intact.”
Dean thinks to herself.
Castiel wears men’s clothes. Poorly fitting men’s clothes that Dean’s pretty sure didn’t come with the “devout” Christian vessel.
“Okay…”
They take her blood, and she closes her eyes when they do and thinks of Bobby telling her about donating her blood and tries to convince herself this is for the cause, whatever that cause may be. And then it’s over and the nurse pats the arm that doesn’t have a hole in it and says they’ll get the results as quick as possible. She’s lucky again because this place has everything on-site, so she can leave and get a call with her results in a couple hours, or she’s welcome to use the waiting area until the test is finished. She’s got nowhere else to be, so she tugs her jacket around herself and waits the painstaking three and a half hours before she gets called back again.
Strangely enough, it calms her down. She just finishes writing Bobby’s phone number for her emergency contact when a new woman comes out from the back and calls her name.
The nurse makes a note. “You know, false negatives happen, but… false positives are a lot more rare, honey.”
“Warn me,” Cas repeated robotically. “Warn me? About what?”
“Jesus, boy,” Bobby sighs as Dean stumbles inside, arm around a half-awake Sam. “You’re skin and bones.”
“If you’re sick—”
“I guess you were right to have us run the test,” the nurse tells her. “A woman’s intuition, huh?”
“Father, that’s Michael, right?” Sam asks, and Dean ducks out of the way of Sam’s gaze.
Cas nods. “Yes.”
“What do you—”
“Like I don’t know how to fix my own fucking house,” she hisses as she kicks his body to the ground and begins to clean up.
“We should call a priest!” Jo said.
. “Dean, this is my father, Charles.”
Dean wanted to say he hadn’t meant anything by what he’d said. Dean wanted to break the awkwardness that had suddenly taken over. But something deep down stopped him. Maybe it was the part of Dean that ruined everything. Whatever it was, it won. Dean stayed silent, eating his pie.
Castiel accepted the bag, still looking at Dean with an uncomfortable intensity. “Are you busy right now?”
“What?” Castiel asked.
“Yes, please,” Sam said.
Sorry Charlie but I’m not feeling well. I won’t be able to make it. Glad you like the DJ. My assistant picked him out.
“I don’t know how much longer I can keep doing this,” Dean whispered. This was a forbidden thought. Something he’d been keeping inside for some time. He was too afraid to speak it out loud in front of Jody and especially Castiel. Dean didn’t want to speak it because then it would be true.
“Oh, yeah.”
. It’s on theme.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Crowley,” Castiel said. “We will keep it down.”
Dean resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Of course he was taking all the credit. “Alright.” Dean went back to his seat.
“Dean, I look filthy,” Castiel said. “Help me clean this up.”
Dean laughed again. “Come on, grumpy. Get up.”
Dean ran his fingertips over the few blonde hairs on her head. “Yeah, I think babies can sense their parents. She must feel safe with you. She knows how much you love her.”
“There’s only one way to find out.” Cas grabbed the record and held onto Dean’s hand. “Lead the way.”
Castiel widened his eyes, noticing that her water had, indeed, broken. The fluid was dripping down to the floor of the truck. “Right. It’s happening. Okay. Let’s go.”
Castiel groaned. “I’m just a little hungover. I’m still a lightweight.”
“I can tell.” Dean sat on the couch a few feet away, removing his shoes and slouching back. “God, I’m beat.”
The morning brought back all of the memories of the previous night, so Castiel awoke with a smile. Dean was the first thing Castiel saw and from this close his freckles were far more visible. There were so many freckles on the top part of Dean’s face. Castiel counted twenty-two, but that was only on one side. He didn’t think he’d ever laid eyes on a more gorgeous man before. No other man could ever compare to Dean’s beauty. With his eyes closed, his long lashes looked fine and delicate. His full, parted lips were a perfect shade of pink, and so kissable. Even his nose was perfectly round, matching the rest of his excellent features.
“I’m glad you’re here with me,” Dean said.
“Gabriel just texted me to let me know he bought all our flight tickets as a wedding present, and he’ll wait for us at the airport. Flight leaves in an hour, so we should head out soon.”
“Of course you did,” Dean said.
“You know I’m terrible at social interactions. Anyway, one day after leaving the library, it was pouring outside and I saw Amelia standing on the sidewalk, getting wet from head to toes. I opened up my umbrella and rushed to her side to cover her from the rain. She looked up at me with the brightest smile and she thanked me. And then she said, ‘You’re the guy who’s always looking at scary books, aren’t you?’ And I said, ‘You’re the girl who’s always looking at art books, aren’t you?’ And then I gave her a ride home and she asked me for my number because Amelia loved taking the initiative. We were pretty much inseparable ever since.”
“Sure.” Dean shrugged.
“I will,” Castiel promised. “Thanks, Charlie.”
“He’s breathing,” Anna said, checking Castiel’s pulse. “Call an ambulance, Dean.”
Dean grimaced at the memory of the woman slicing throats left and right, like she was enjoying what she was doing, like it was the thrill of a lifetime. “Demon. That explains it.”
Dean had been to California before. Sam had gone to Stanford, so Dean had found a good excuse to drive down a few times a year. That was before he’d ever met Castiel. He’d spent a lot of time on these streets, doing nothing he was particularly proud of. Mostly, he’d taken to drinking excessively, hooking up with the first person that looked his way, and repeating the process.
“Very observant,” Castiel said, typing away on his keyboard.
“You caught me. Too late now, though. I’m not giving you a divorce.”
The line disconnected with the sound of a car honk.
Dean sprawled on the seat, wiggling out of his jeans enthusiastically. Grinning, Castiel crawled over his body, slotting their lips together. Dean sighed into him, his hands pulling on Castiel’s shirt until he slipped out of it. Castiel licked Dean’s lips until his lips parted and he moved his tongue inside. Every little moan he got from Dean urged him on, but Castiel went slow, slow, pressing his lips down Dean’s jaw, loving the stubble there. Castiel left a trail of open-mouthed kisses all the way to Dean’s neck, where he nipped on his soft skin, making Dean arch underneath him.
Castiel winked—the son of a bitch winked—before heading to the bathroom and closing the door behind him.
In the middle of the room Castiel spotted three bodies on the floor, their hands tied behind their backs and duct tape around their mouths. It was Dean, Leyna, and Sara. Itching to run towards them, Castiel took a step forward, but the group of armed men stopped him—even though all of them were aiming away from him.
Dean smiled softly. “Me too.”
“You think about that a lot?”
Castiel snorted at that, but then his creamed hands were all over Dean, wrestling him with a newfound strength that Dean was not expecting. Dean tumbled to the ground with Castiel on top of him, straddling his legs as he smeared the cream on Dean’s face, chest, hair, arms, and every other part Castiel could touch. Dean tried to fight him off at first, but then he gave in, deciding that he could give this one to Castiel. And Castiel was certainly enjoying this part, succumbing Dean to his mercy. He seemed to be enjoying touching Dean everywhere, and Dean wasn’t complaining about it.
“You do?” Castiel asked, smiling.
They nailed the scene with just a few takes, and Dean was ready to go hide somewhere, until Castiel grabbed his arm and pulled him in.
That got Ben’s attention. His head spun in Sam’s direction, eyes wide. “Uncle Sam, you’re getting a dog?”
“Oh, sure,” Lisa said. “What can I get you?”
“We were just getting to know Castiel,” Sam said. “Amelia, you’re a painter, right?”
“Everything okay?” Dean asked, looking from Castiel to Lisa, and back again.
“Sure, what can I do?”
. His mind kept drifting back to the elevator, though. Castiel had been so afraid before Dean started distracting him. For some reason, seeing Castiel so vulnerable had changed something in Dean. In that moment, Dean had only wanted to help Castiel in any way possible.
The message was from an unknown number.
Amelia hummed, pondering. “About ten years or so. Since way before I met Castiel. I’ve always loved classic cars. I saw your Impala when you guys moved in. 1967?”
Three days had passed since Mary’s death.
“So, that’s it? You’re just friends?” Sam wondered.
Lisa leaned down to kiss his forehead, and Dean smiled down at them. Then Lisa motioned for the door, and Dean turned off the lamp before walking out behind her.
Dean furrowed his brow. Castiel was definitely feeling guilty about something, but Dean couldn’t figure out what it was. “Hi, Meg. I’m sorry to sound like an asshole, but Cas never mentioned you before. Are you old friends?”
“I didn’t need to see anything,” Anna said. “I heard enough to know this place is fucking haunted and I don’t want to be here anymore.”
It was an angel. Announcing doomsday. Not the way she thought it’d happen. At least she didn’t think she’d be alive to witness the earth’s destruction. But of course, she was. Had to be.
“Lucky you,” Dean said. “I’m an angel.”
“Well, maybe not now,” Dean said. “But it would be, later, when we end this road trip and get back to real life. You go back to writing, and I go back to working full time at a job that drives me insane.”
“Where’s Sammy?” Dean asked. “What happened? I saw the house. Are you okay? Why are you covered in blood?”
Castiel handed Dean another plate. “I might as well. I’ll make you carry all my bags.”
“You really didn’t have to do this,” Castiel said.
Sam shrugged. “Maybe. I really don’t know. Dean seems fine otherwise. I know he’s not really drinking as much and he looks great. Happy, even. But I don’t live with Dean, so I only see what he wants to show me.”
“I heard you,” Dean grumbled.
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist, his hands on the small of Castiel’s back under his shirt. He could feel Castiel’s back muscles flexing with every movement, and it was exhilarating.
Dean looked at him. “Cas, if you don’t sleep, your brain doesn’t rest, and if your brain doesn’t rest, your mental health suffers.”
“Hey, you ready to go?” Charlie asked.
“Yeah, me too. So, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow, Sammy.”
“Are you still down with my plan?” Dean asked with a smirk.
Lisa was coming back to her seat, so Castiel wagged his eyebrows at Dean before he went back to his own seat. Dean smiled faintly as Amelia took her turn, wondering what the hell he was going to do about Lisa.
Castiel smiled. “There you go.” Then he hesitated for a few seconds. “
Amelia was beaming and there was nothing better than that. “Fantastic. I’ll start shopping for my costume. You look for yours. We’ll surprise each other the day of the party.”
“I’ll wait for you to eat,” Castiel said.
Castiel chuckled. “You know me too well.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Dean said. “Go do what you gotta do.”
“Let’s talk later.” Castiel let go of Dean’s ass with one hand so he could pull Dean down by the neck and kiss him. They both fell on the bed like that. “I was promised that you’d rock my world tonight, remember?”
When Dean looked back at Lisa, he asked one thing: “Why?”
“They all stood around us, taking pictures,” Dean said, his laughter subsiding.
Dean cackled. Actually cackled. “My friend? You’re not serious. Cas is
“I didn’t think you’d notice.”
Castiel rubbed the back of his neck, which he’d mostly likely picked up from Dean. “It’s in Pratt. The college, it’s in Pratt, Kansas.”
“No,” Dean said, pushing off from the wall. His green eyes peered intently into Castiel’s, and then flickered slightly to kiss lips. “Cas, how long have we been friends?”
Dean sighed. “Trust me, the moment Lisa says yes, there will be a dog in this house. I’ll take Ben to the shelter to adopt one right then and there.”
“Did you?” Castiel lowered his menu. “Any other first impressions?”
After getting off the phone with Sam, he got a phone call. It was from an unknown number, which he usually would ignore, but something made him answer this time.
“Who’s asking?”
Castiel laughed, leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Dean walked to a table, and Castiel followed. They sat across from each other. “You know, some people have told me they only read, or even like, my books because of my author photo. I probably sound ungrateful, but I don’t want people reading my books because of that. I don’t want the way I look to play any part in the quality of my books.”
Charlie groaned. “I don’t want to keep talking about this, guys. Seriously, I think we’re all aware of the fucked-up situation we’re in, but can we just try to be normal people one last time? I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow. But at least we have tonight.”
Dean bit on his lip again when Castiel grabbed his cock and stroked him until completion. Castiel pressed soft kisses against his lips as he pulled out. Since they didn’t use a condom, Dean had to get cleaned up right away. When he returned, Castiel was on his back, staring at the ceiling.
Dean was running through the kitchen, finishing up the food he’d been cooking since that morning when Castiel found him. “No time to chat, Cas.”
“We’re here,” Castiel said.
“Lucas wasn’t named after an angel,” Castiel said. “I didn’t want him to feel left out.”
“Yeah, I’ve just been studying for my finals. I think I got the Feminism one down, but I’ll probably go over the Religions one again. I don’t wanna let my professor down.”
Dean blushed again because his body was traitorous and oh so obvious. “Awesome. I’ll pick you up so you don’t have to worry about being stranded on that piece of crap you drive.”
“It’s cold out.”
“I know, but I figured you might finish faster without me.”
Castiel figured that getting along with Benjamin was necessary in order to maintain a peaceful atmosphere for Ben, but he wasn’t too thrilled about his presence. Or Lisa’s, for that matter. However, Castiel was willing to make the sacrifice for Ben.
“He’s kind of a jerk, isn’t he?”
“Oh, yeah, I’m lying just to see how cute you look when you blush.”
“Follow me into my office,” Crowley said, walking away.
Dean cleared his throat. “Hey, so tonight I’m going to dinner with Cas and his brother Gabe. I was thinking maybe tomorrow Cas could come to dinner here.”
His heart dropped straight to his stomach. It was the kind of thump that often woke him up from dreams where he was falling. But he wasn’t dreaming. Dean had been in a car wreck. His mind ran through a million different scenarios, all of them leading to Dean bleeding out on the ground. When he spoke, his voice was surprisingly steady.  “Tell me where you are.”
As Dean continued thrusting his hips, and hanging onto Castiel for dear life, he gasped, “I’m ready. Do it, baby.”
Castiel touched his shoulder. “Don’t be sorry. I’d love to go camping. You and I can go with Ben. It can be a boys’ trip.”
“Dean, there’s ten times as much lore about angels as there is about anything else we’ve ever hunted.”
“And the government didn’t care about the people who were getting AIDS. They let it get worse and worse. Reagan, he was president at the time, he let it go on for years and never lifted a goddamn finger.”
Dean tells him, trying to make Sam understand the feeling of seeing those two bodies. “Like, Thanksgiving dinner full. Talk about co-dependent.”
It felt weird leaving the motel room without money stuffed into his pocket, but just because he acted like he was being paid didn’t mean he was anymore. Now he just made himself miserable for free.
“Dean doesn’t believe in God.”
When Dean helped Charlie flirt her way past a guard, Sam couldn’t stop laughing. And he didn’t say it because he’d trained himself to be quiet, but he wanted to whip around to Sammy and shout, “You don’t get to fucking laugh, you’re the reason I learned how to do this.”
Dean thinks bitterly.
“Apparently you’re a regular guy who’s important to the man upstairs,” Sam says, smiling like he’s always known, and Dean frustratedly reminds himself that he
He looks into Stanford before Sam even tells him he’s leaving because Dean knows how to read a room, and he knows how to read the tension in a motel even better, and despite what Sam clearly thinks, he knows how to read the college flyers that he finds stuffed into Sam’s binders that Dean definitely doesn’t go through to make sure he’s done all his homework.
But the door shuts and Erin has Dean pressed against it in seconds. Dean’s strong, but she’s also compact, and Erin gets her feet a few inches off the ground, lifting her up with both her arms and then there’s tongue,
Their dad hadn’t wanted to leave them with Bobby, but even though she had her flaws and habits, she had saved dad’s ass on a hunting trip back in the day, and John didn’t exactly have many friends, and their new IDs were one strike away from CPS coming for them.
“That’s alright.”
Angels meet on empty playgrounds that always have cars in the parking lot. The Michael sword is legally dead and physically homeless. Dean cracks open a beer with a picked-off label and offers it to Cas, who’s wiping blood from his nose. He hasn’t even been in a battle, or at least not one in a war he recognizes. Some kid down the street, desperate for a high or food for his family, mugged him. Dean thinks it’s funny, a kid getting the upper hand on an angel of the Lord, but he also thinks it fucking sucks, because he’s been that kid. Looking Castiel up and down, Dean thinks that if he hadn’t gotten so good at pool, he and Cas could have met the same way.
His grip on the comforter is white, but he doesn’t look away for a moment. “I did what I had to do to keep us alive. Alright? I did what I had to. Legal jobs, they weren’t looking for a thirteen-year-old who’s skills began and ended with a shotgun. But some jobs didn’t… require skills. At least, not if you’re young enough.”
And that thought is why she lets herself drown. Lets Erin keep her afloat while she drifts and yeah, maybe she likes this too much, but god that’s not a problem for now because there are no problems for now.
“This is wrong, I think,” Cas whispers as he flips a skin-thin page, and Dean rubs the heat of Hell from his eyes.
“Always, Cas. Always.”
“I’m not talking about fucking Stanford, okay?”
“Bisexual?”
It’s something.
His eyes immediately flick to the familiar silhouette sat iron-straight next to him, his back not even touching the headboard. The lamp between Dean and Sam’s beds is turned on, and Cas is reading the Bible.
Dean’s not blind. Or deaf. She knows that Jo Harvelle has more than a thing for her, but Jesus Christ the kid’s younger than Sam and she’s got no interest in letting this puppy crush go on longer than it needs to, so she thinks about the worst kiss of her life and knows it’s a foolproof way to stop this.
“Then you had a fiancé?”
“You’re so full of crap,” he manages to grind out in response.
“Oh, you can smirk and joke and lie to your brother, lie to yourself, but
And then Erin leaves and Dean watches her walk away and she thinks,
He shoves the keys into the ignition, finding his way to a bar with shitty enough lights that he can’t make out his own reflection in the whiskey. Something about a determined expiration date makes everything headier, and he finds himself getting drunker easier, desperate for a guy from just a few sideways glances. It doesn’t take Dean long to see him in the corner of the bar, alone and with heavy shoulders that Dean thinks he can take the tension out of. Dean sends a drink his way and keeps his eyes on the TV, pretending he cares about the local teams while he’s really just thinking about the feel of stubble on his neck.
“Have you ever heard of
He doesn’t really mean to punch Cupid himself. If anything, he was just punching a man who wouldn’t take no for an answer, and Dean has been waiting a long time to be able to do that.
like her dad’s, but no one ever listens to her when she corrects them.
Sam gives her John’s journal, and she breathes a sigh of relief. If she can’t see them through a mother’s eyes, then a father’s eyes would work just as well.
“Your jacket’s nice,” Jo tells her, running a hand down the leather on her arm. Dean frowns, turning away as she takes a sip of her beer.
A man approaches them and hands them a pamphlet. The front boasts that the end is near, and it makes Dean want to cry and makes Sam want to take a hit, and he’s not even sure of what. The two of them share an equal distaste for this kind of thing, so they’ve mastered every step for a clean away. Maybe the guy can see it—the unsaveable set of their shoulders. He goes after the third in their group instead.
Bobby’s jaw tightens and for the first time in her entire life, Dean thinks she might know what pity looks like on Bobby Singer’s face.
“Well, I can’t speak for you, kid. Only grown-up-you knows that.”
Bobby adjusts the beaten hat on her head. “I’m not in the business of telling you what you can or can’t do. And I’m not an idjit—if you get ahold of a book, there’s no tuggin’ it out of your hands until you finish it.”
He knows what Sam means: every textbook Dean’s ever had has been smeared with motor oil and blood.
“You need help there, sweetheart?” he asks, his voice gruff from at least twenty years of smoking.
“Date night?”
“Fuck you!” she screams, kicking Baby’s tires. “Fuck you! You don’t get to live like that and die a good person! You don’t get to ruin me and then get credit for saving me! You don’t get to fucking do this, Dad!”
It ended with the two of them fully clothed in Dean’s bed, Dean sobbing from relief, and he thought maybe crying wasn’t as shit as he remembered. It was almost cathartic.
The guy takes it in stride. “Seek redemption through Christ, brother.”
“Life on the road.” Life on the street corner.
Sam, still shaking the sleep from his eyes, pushes his tangled morning hair to the side. He looks carefully at his brother before picking up the tray and setting it in his lap.
When the girls down the hallway snicker at her, she rolls her eyes and applies another coat of lip gloss before walking right up to them and saying, “At least my boyfriend’s not gonna leave me for someone who puts out.”
“By metaphor I meant nothing more or less than the earliest and most succinct definition I know, which is Aristotle’s, in his Poetics (1457b). ‘Metaphor,’ Aristotle wrote, ‘consists in giving the thing a name that belongs to something else.’”
“Right,” Cas agrees. “The cherub made them crave love, and then Famine came and made them rabid for it.”
All she can think is,
“You know, Sammy, you’ve been gone four years,” Dean says while he fiddles with the radio dials, avoiding his brother’s eyes.
“You want a pair?” Dean asked sarcastically. Castiel’s shoulder blades shifted along with his demeanor, and he stormed forward like a warrior of God really ought to.
“Are you watching him this Saturday?”
Her words pitter off unceremoniously, even as her anger burns so hot she could cause a drought.
He plays the conversation over in his mind later, wondering if he could have told Dean in clearer terms. Wondering if when they walked out of that high school he should have just turned to Dean and said, “I know.”
“No not
“I thought you would.”
“Before you read it though,” Bobby starts, her voice gruff, and Dean tenses, “I gotta give you a little history lesson.”
People are supposed to be nervous about losing their virginity, but Dean Winchester had been downright afraid. It was time to fix it.
There. The dream can’t be real. It won’t be. Not if Dean keeps Cas happy.
“He told Sam to lie?”
“You don’t waste time, do you?” she asked with an eyebrow quirked, and he shook his head.
“What?” he asks gruffly.
episode with his knees pulled up to his chest, “there’s places to go to… talk.”
Later, far later than they should be still arguing about this considering the dead were rising in ways they’d never seen before earlier, and Bobby’s gone to bed hours ago, Sam watches Dean organize the cupboards while they talk salvation. He doesn’t bring up the way Dean’s hands are shaking, but Dean’s not sure he notices in the first place.
“Castiel,” she murmurs, trying to familiarize herself with the name. It tastes like an electric socket every time she says it, and she doesn’t understand how the boys became intimate enough with this celestial being to give him a nickname. “You’re up late.”
“They weren't
When Erin pulls away, Dean gasps for air, and it comes out as more of a whimper than anything while Erin gives her the most stunning, kind smile she’s ever seen in her life. She laughs, lighthearted, hands still wrapped around Dean’s hips when she says, “Thank God that’s over, right?”
He laughs. “My Father is gone. My wings are ashes. My brothers and sisters disgrace me.” He gestures broadly, glancing around the room. “This is my home, so why wouldn’t I stay here?”
They find Cas in the movies, LED lights behind him framing his head in a hazy circle, staring at a copy of
Sam doesn’t notice the tension. “Dean, it’s fine. I’m exhausted. You can grab something.”
“You don’t know what I mean, do you?” he asks, smiling a little. Cas shakes his head but watches intently.
“Dad wasn’t good with money. Not just at keeping it, but knowing how much shit was. I think mom handled a lot of the groceries and the kid stuff. And when she… well, it fell on me. And sometimes Dad would just leave me a twenty and I’d have to find a way to make that work for us for three weeks. Three weeks, Sam.” He looks into his brother’s eyes, trying to convey the kind of pressure this puts on a twelve-year-old. Sam, for a moment, feels like he could choke on it.
Cas brings him out soup, and Dean almost laughs. It’s the name brand kind. He didn’t realize Bobby still had it.
But Sam is a curious kid who doesn’t like silence because it reminds him of the car, so after a few agonizing moments of chewing sounds he asks, “Bobby, how did your husband die?”
Well, that’s a confession she never made and never will make, so she waves Bobby off. “I’m not exactly the reading type.”
“When I was a kid, I didn’t always get what I needed,” Dean says, unsure why he’s spilling his guts to Cas without preamble. “Food-wise, I mean. Dad… he didn’t always leave enough money to feed both of us. Sam was young. He didn’t deserve the bullshit Dad put us through, so I spent it all on him…”
“No,” he says quickly, glancing at Sam and Cas to gauge their reactions. Sam is suspicious. “What? I’m not hungry.”
He takes in a deep breath. A shuddering, whole body breath. And as he releases the weight of air from his lungs, he starts.
that mouth, and she doesn’t have to picture its warmth. “This my boyfriend!” she tells Dean, and the rest of the night is kind of a blur.
Dean decides to never think about his life too intensely, especially not events that can produce sentences like that.
“Yeah,” Sam says. He crosses his arms, leaning away from her.
“God saved you, Dean. Because you didn’t deserve—”
It doesn’t feel right when Sam brings food to the motel rooms. It’s their money now, all joined together in fake credit cards and hidden in Baby’s compartments and not separated by who won what at pool, and Dean doesn’t have a problem with Sam spending it. But he hates the sight of Sam, now taller than he is and all grown-up, bringing in meals like it’s his job. Like Dean isn’t the one who’s supposed to bring home the bacon, or the cheap gas station frozen meals.
“Yeah,” Sam says without looking back at her. “Yeah, he makes him happy.”
The drive home is tense and the silence is heavy, even though there’s a tape playing loudly in Baby’s speakers. Sam saw the kids who played Dean and Cas at the end of the play before they left. The way their hands brushed over each other’s even backstage.
“When you figure out how to talk again, I don’t want to hear any apologies. No pity. None of that shit. You got it? Because I’m past it now. Years past it. And I found…” he shrugs, finally breaking eye contact. “There’s this thing on Tuesday nights. Group session for… people like me. Who’ve been like me. And I’m aiming to get help. I wanted to tell you that. I wanted to tell you I’m gonna work on getting better.”
“For choosing me as someone you consider safe to hold these traumas.”
She pointed at a photo of her mother, Dean’s grandmother, and said, “That’s my mommy. Her name was Deanna, too.”
“Jamie brought a couple of six packs,” she says directly into Dean’s ear, and she shivers like it’s the coldest goddamn Heineken she’s ever had even though Erin’s mouth is hotter than a branding iron. She nods along like she knows who Jamie is, and Erin drags her away from the guys who were talking her up.
Besides, isn’t Sam supposed to be the smart one?
“And you’re…”
Dean is actually more religious than Sam these days. He’s not a Bible-thumping, afraid-of-God, believes-in-miracles kind of religious, but that’s not what religion is, it turns out. Dean goes out to the vending machine with a bottle of liquor in his hands to avoid Sam praying every night, but he’s still the one who meets the angels.
Sam says “Enochian” and Dean feels his hunger flare up. His phone is out of his pocket before he makes the conscious decision.
Dean stops to look at him, standing in front of boxes that are stacked in a way that makes Sam think of a cross. He almost asks Dean to move.
Dean stands up, sighing at Sam, who’s too focused on an ancient mythology article to notice. He leaves the room, his eyes squinting at the red neon lights declaring the motel has vacancies. It’s tempting, and he thinks about getting into Baby and finding someone who’d last long enough to have a night with instead of a half hour.
It falls in chunks, and Dean watches time overlap, both now and the moment she took a knife to her braid after her father’s death. Millennia-old inhuman Castiel, angel of Thursday, lets her eyes fall shut and her shoulders slump at the feeling of Dean’s hands in her hair. There is the soft hum of the electric razor and the lights and the shower in the next room and the sweet still silence that the two of them keep sinking into around each other. Dean thinks she’s been in this bathroom with this woman for her entire life and would content to live out her days like this.
“A British woman, I think,” Dean said. “I let her take my stuff. I didn’t let her shoot me.”
At lunch, Castiel tried to get Dean talking by asking him for help picking out his Halloween costume. It was only October 3rd, so there was still some time to pick out a good costume that was not, as Amelia put it, boring.
“I really doubt Rhonda is interested anymore,” Sam said. “This date was a bust.”
After a long shower, Dean was preparing dinner while listening to the Ramones. He heard his phone buzz, and Dean left his pasta unattended as he picked it up from the table.
Dean laughed because it was true. He squeezed Castiel’s hands.
“I did, obviously. We’re getting indoor plants that you can take care of inside your house. They’ll survive the winter.”
“Oh,” Castiel said. “You do?”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice came from behind. Too quiet. Broken, in the same way Dean was broken.
Dean got into bed, removing his contact lenses. He wasn’t so sleepy yet, so he picked up the book on his nightstand and grabbed his red framed glasses from his drawer. Five pages into
From the passenger seat, Jess was smirking. “Okay. So this man spends the night at your place but he’s not your boyfriend. Does he sleep on the couch?”
Anna shook her head, opting to hang the necklace around her neck.
“But that’s exactly what we did,” Castiel said. “Why are you so afraid of change?”
Sam rolled his eyes.
“But the cry,” Dean said. “We need to figure out where that came from.”
Naomi tilted her head. “Were you married to her?”
It was the first time Dean saw Charlie outside of school, which led him to awkwardly shake her hand. Charlie and Castiel laughed at the same time.
Castiel sat down on the grass, legs crossed, and Claire sat in between them. “Claire, I know it’s your first birthday today, but we want to introduce you to the incredible woman who was your mother, Amelia.”
“Where are we?”
Then Castiel closed his eyes, let out a small breath, and opened them again.
Claire loved being in the water. Usually, she’d cry bloody murder whenever Dean or Castiel tried to get her out of the bath. They’d started jokingly calling her their little fish because Claire was always happiest in the water. She would flap her hands and then laugh with the splash of the water that sprayed everywhere.
“Where the hell are you, Cas? You were supposed to be on set at seven this morning. It’s ten.”
Castiel grumbled, but finally released his hold on Dean.
“Cas?” Dean asked. “Are you okay?” It was a stupid question. Of course he wasn’t okay.
Castiel pulled down Dean’s hands from his face and held them. “Why would it be weird?”
Kevin frowned. “Why is that such a bad thing?”
love. I mean, I have people I love and love me back. I have my family. That’s enough for me.”
“Me neither,” Castiel said. “Though I never went trick or treating as a kid.”
, which they knew was terrible, but it had become a guilty pleasure for both of them. After all, bad movies were sort of their thing.
“Okay, okay. Thank you.”
“That’s not shocking. There aren’t any bad Queen songs.”
“I don’t have a family anymore.”
Castiel stood outside of Chuck’s apartment, his suitcase at his feet, while a variety of thuds came from inside the apartment leading up to Chuck answering the door. Chuck was in a bathrobe, and he had a piece of salami stuck to his hair. Castiel got the feeling that Chuck rarely had any guests over.
Dean sighed, putting down his list. “You’re right. We have a long drive ahead of us.”
“We love each other. Both of us. So much. We’ve loved each other for some time now. I know what I feel for you will never change. I want all the strings attached.”
This was silly, but Dean decided to play along. “Good evening, Cas. Is this for me?”
Although Dean knew he might regret it, he asked, “What do you mean?”
Since they’d left the door behind them ajar, they could clearly hear the countdown happening inside. Eight, seven, six…
, Lisa. Don’t do this. Don’t take Ben. I know what you want is to be with that man. So go be with him. But don’t take Ben.” This should be humiliating, getting on his knees to beg and plead, but Dean didn’t give a damn about his dignity at the moment.
A woman was smiling at him, way too kindly. Her hair was red like the eyes of the Mothman in his sketch. She looked familiar, but Dean couldn’t place her.
“Yeah, gay,” Dean said. “Are we queerbaiting our fans again? I’ve gotten so many angry messages from fans saying that’s what we did on the original show. And now, we’re gonna have our characters sharing a bed because the motel only had the one bed? I don’t know if you guys realize this is a huge trope in romantic stories.”
“You did good, Cas,” Dean said, quietly.
Castiel stopped brushing Dean’s hair to pull out his cell phone. “Let’s take a picture. I’ll post it on my Instagram. We’ll break the internet.”
Things were looking up.
Castiel licked his lips. “I hope after that long interruption you’re still in the mood because I really am.”
“I loved Lisa, and she didn’t love me back,” Dean said, bitterly.
“Oh, man, you make the best beef and broccoli. I can’t wait.”
Castiel walked back to his seat beside Dean, who was wiping his cheeks. Castiel took Claire from Dean and handed him a box of tissues on the seat next to him. Dean took them and wiped his face. Castiel held Dean’s hand for a few seconds, giving it a squeeze before letting go. Dean looked at him, his eyes welling up with tears again.
Castiel laughed. “It’s not the wildest theory I’ve ever heard.”
Castiel nodded. “Friends, then?”
“Yeah, I mean--”
They waited.
“I got your shirt all wet with my tears,” Amelia said, laughing as she pulled away.
“No,” Castiel said, quickly. “Why would I be mad?”
“Cas.”
“We should probably stop talking and get to work.”
It was easy to believe that. Castiel had always felt a strong connection with Dean, but recently, that connection had become even stronger. It was the reason why Castiel had asked Dean to move into his house. But the motivation behind that decision wasn’t only so that Dean could continue helping him with Claire. At least, that wasn’t the main reason why Castiel wanted him near. It was because Dean made Castiel feel complete. After losing Amelia, Castiel had thought that he would never feel like himself again. But being with Dean was so easy, so familiar, that Castiel couldn’t let him go.
“Hmm?” Castiel had his eyes closed, face buried in Dean’s neck.
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel whispered.
This time when the doorbell rang, Castiel opened the door to Dean
When Castiel opened the bathroom door, he found Dean waiting his turn.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Castiel said. “I got him. I can take care of him.”
Dean closed his eyes and smiled when he felt a kiss to his nose.
Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Castiel was calling him. It was 11:00 pm, and Castiel was calling him.
Castiel stood firmly. “That’s definitely not a ghost. Come on.” He took off running down the opposite side of the hall, and Dean went after him.
The first person he ran into in the building was Kevin Tran, the creator of the show. Kevin had been just twenty when he’d created
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking up at him. The bags under his eyes were so big, they looked like they’d been painted on by a bad makeup artist. “Angels are badass.”
Amelia looked over. “We could still eat the burgers. Gotta have dinner, don’t we?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, we are. We are.”
“Are you free for dinner this Friday night?” Dean asked, climbing off of Cas’s lap and offering his hand to hoist Cas up.
It was Dean’s turn to laugh forcefully. “Absolutely not.”
“Dads,” Castiel corrected her. “Dean is also Claire’s dad.”
“Charlie.”
Castiel held his gaze. “I have to be honest with you.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Cas, that’s impractical, and probably unsafe, judging by the bird-man that just demolished a building with the snap of his fingers.”
Dean lifted one of his hands to the back of Castiel’s head as Castiel continued sucking on Dean’s neck like it was his one and only duty to leave a mark on Dean. But damn, it felt so fucking good that all Dean could do was give Castiel more room to work with.
“Hey! You’re alive!” Bela said.
Castiel handed the box to Dean so he could shake Jack’s hand. “Nice meeting you, Jack. You must be brave to be working for Dean.”
“That’s the plan,” Dean said.
movies. There’s not a city I’ve been to that doesn’t have a huge billboard with your face on it.”
“You getting drunk this early?” Jo asked, checking her watch. “It’s not even five o’clock.”
Dean smiled, and pushed up Castiel’s glasses since they were hanging low on his nose. “Good night, Cas.”
Dean got in bed just like that, and he closed Castiel’s book, putting it on his nightstand. Then he threw a leg over Castiel, straddling his lap. Castiel’s smile got even wider as he held Dean’s hips, hands slowly making their way to Dean’s ass. Right where he always wanted them.
Castiel gaped at Dean. “The will-they-won’t-they between Mulder and Scully made that show legendary. It’s about the anticipation.”
At least Castiel found this turn of events amusing. Meanwhile, Dean’s mind was racing trying to find a solution to his epiphany about his feelings for Castiel. Despite being unsure of Castiel’s sexuality, Dean wasn’t afraid of his feelings. That should probably freak him out, but it didn’t.
Dean touched his lower lip with his thumb. “Thank
“Almost,” Dean said. “Our room is also done, but Ben’s still needs some work. He has a lot of toys. The bathroom needs to be organized, too. But I’ll have it all done by tomorrow. How was your first day?”
“I know.”
Dean shrugged. “On the plus side, we get to be with Claire.”
“Does it bother you because you’re trying to sleep with Bela?” Castiel asked, squinting.
“Yeah?” Castiel looked up at him, leaning even closer.
Well, yeah, that summed them up perfectly. Just two
Dean rolled his eyes. “Of course not.”
They made it to the bar only five minutes late. Dean was sure Charlie didn’t mind because she was with Jo, and she probably wanted some alone time with her. Yesterday, Dean had asked if she preferred to go alone with Jo, but Charlie had insisted for Dean to join them. So here he was, with Castiel.
Castiel looked confused before realization struck him. “Yes, show me what’s in your office.”
“I know you would. You’re a good man, Dean. The best I know.”
“Go right ahead,” Bobby said, motioning with his hand.
“Cas, I need to tell you something.” Dean sounded nervous. This was rare. Dean was made of self-confidence.
“Yes, good point, Eve. But have you considered that maybe God was lying when he said that? I mean, I ate from that fruit, and I’m fine. Look at me, I’m a jolly snake.” Dean wiggled his body as best as he could, and he got a few laughs from the audience.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Come on, Cas.”
Dean groaned, and then picked up a box of Rice Krispies. “How about these?”
“Alright, fine,” Dean said, crossing his arms. “You still coming over tonight?”
Cas sighed, looking away. “I’m scared, alright? I’m fucking terrified.”
“Cas—Cassie,” Dean said. “His name is Cassie.”
“Me, obviously,” Sam said. “They don’t know what you look like. For all they know, you’re my ugly stepsister.”
Castiel knew that Anna was just trying to make him feel better, but it was working. “Okay, I’ll tell you. It’s just that Lisa, Dean’s ex, has hurt him so much, and I was always there to pick Dean back up every time it happened. It was our thing, back when we were just friends. Lisa would make Dean upset, and Dean would come to my house, and I’d cheer him up. Or, at least I tried. I liked being the one to protect him. I liked that I could make him smile and laugh when he was down. I don’t like Lisa. I don’t trust that she won’t hurt him again. But I’m too far away to pick Dean back up if he gets down.” Castiel looked back at the melting ice cream in his bowl.
Anna yawned, stretching her arm behind the couch. Dear God, his sister was annoying. Alright, so maybe Anna wasn’t the worst, but right now, she was seriously bothering Castiel. “I’m getting really tired. Maybe I should go to bed.”
“No, not work,” Dean said.
Castiel found Anna in his contacts and called her. The phone rang six times before it went to voicemail.
“No, no, I’m just so happy,” Amelia said, wiping her tears. “Dean, you made this for my baby?”
Rosa laughed. “Yeah, you knew it. I didn’t think it was true, though.”
“I wanted a show, but this is all I get?”
“You son of a bitch.” Castiel released him, and spun around to address the room who was too quiet. “Where did they take him? I know you saw them leaving. Where did they take Dean and those poor girls?”
Castiel stroke Charlie’s hair. “No, you weren’t mean. You both said awful things. Let’s go back to my place. We’ll order in some dinner and I’ll make sure there’s a lot of ice cream.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Yes, I’m sure.” Then he handed Dean the dress. “Put this down on the donation pile.”
“Did Jody tell you that?”
“You’re spending time with me now.”
It was then that the doorbell rang, and Dean went to answer it. Sam and Jess had arrived, wearing a cute couple’s costume; Sam was the avocado and Jess was the toast. They could barely fit through the door.
“Yes!” Ben yelled, hopping off of Castiel’s back.
“Cas, Cas, hey, you need to sit down.” It was Dean. He was standing in front of him, holding him up by the arms.
They continued talking, mostly about literature, and about the best music to listen to while reading and writing. It wasn’t until Dean told Castiel about the struggles of growing up in foster homes with his brother—something Castiel had never read about in the few times he’d looked up the author—and Castiel told Dean about losing his parents and moving to L.A. as a teenager with nothing but a backpack on his shoulders that Castiel realized how surreal this was. Castiel was having a deep conversation over coffee with his favorite living author. He wasn’t sure what led them here, but he was grateful for this moment.
“What did he say?”
Castiel bent forward to kiss him again, on the edge of his lips, and then on his lips again. This time, Dean moved his hand to pull Castiel closer, dragging him until he was on top of him. Castiel straddled his lap, aligning their bodies perfectly. Dean dug his fingers into Castiel’s hair, opening his lips when Castiel’s tongue tried to force them open. Dean felt Castiel’s hands underneath his shirt, moving to touch everything they could. Soft fingers moved to Dean’s face again, cupping his cheeks with tenderness.
Dean nodded. “Yes, sir.”
“We won’t die from this, will we?” Dean asked, poking at the food on his plate.
“Shut up.” Castiel smiled. “I guess I’m just trying to figure out what your type is. I never understood what drew you to me.”
Dean snorted. “I’m a liar. What else did you expect?”
They had a routine, he and Castiel, and it worked well. Castiel took up the bathroom first while Dean changed in the room, and then they switched. When Castiel opened the bedroom door again, Dean was still stepping into his sweatpants.
Castiel grinned. “Well, I think it’s about time you watched this masterpiece.”
Castiel licked his lips after eating another fry. “You live in Austin, you’re bi, and you’ve never been to a gay bar? I don’t understand. We must remedy this immediately.”
In the morning, there was a glass of water and two aspirin on the coffee table.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “About yesterday, do you, uh, want to come over tonight? I set my DVR to record some of the worst Hallmark movies, if you’re interested.”
“Oh, don’t mind me,” Castiel said. “I’m very entertained right now.”
“Hey, dude, I’m not a child,” Charlie protested. “It’s rude to talk about me as if I’m not standing right in front of you. Do I need to sign some kind of waiver to make you feel better?”
“We really need to get to work then.”
The doorbell rang.
. Dean had only seen the movie, but now he had a sudden interest to read the book.
Castiel gave Dean a high five of his own. On the lips. Dean smiled back at him, and then Castiel pulled him by the hand to his room. When they got there, Castiel sat Dean on his bed, pulling out the massage oil from his nightstand drawer.
Castiel doubted it, too. “Then I’ll let him yell.”
“It’s not my first rodeo,” Dean said.
“Sounds good,” Dean said. “Meet you downstairs?”
For good measure, Dean brought the sword down hard against the angel’s ruptured neck, successfully disconnecting his head from the rest of his body.
“I’m really happy to hear that.”
. For some reason, this shocked him. He’d expected Ben to need some time to get used to Dean again. He’d also thought that maybe Ben had preferred Benjamin as his dad instead of Dean, so he’d given him the title alone. But this was more. More than Dean would have ever anticipated.
When Castiel bounced back up, he winked at Dean before turning around and grinding his ass against Dean for a few seconds until the song ended. Laughing, Castiel turned back to Dean, who wrapped an arm around his shoulder.
Castiel smiled faintly. “Dean’s sort of stuck with me whether he likes it or not.”
Castiel smiled in return, holding Dean’s hand. “Yes, we did.”
A few minutes into his walk, Dean tripped over a rock or a stick—it was too dark to tell—and he fell onto his ass. Feeling too dazed now to even stand back up, Dean decided to lay down instead. The ground was cool beneath him, and he could see the stars. They were spinning and spinning, which made sense because the earth spun on its axis or some shit. So it made sense for the stars to spin so much. Dean couldn’t remember the constellations, but he did remember that summer night with Ben and Castiel, pointing them out. The memory felt so distant, like it hadn’t really happened to him. The Dean he was before was an entirely different person from the Dean he was now. Dean envied the other Dean for being so blind and naive. That ignorance had felt good. Dean envied him for still getting to be a dad, too.
Lisa looked exasperated. “I know that. I wasn’t jealous because of that. I was jealous because Dean talked to you. About everything. Dean trusted you. He shared himself in a few months with you more than he ever did with me in six years, let alone in the time we dated in high school. I resented you for that. Because you became far more important than me in such a short amount of time. Eventually, I just decided that you had won. When I came back and realized that the two of you had gotten together, I knew that I’d always been right about you.” Lisa laughed bitterly. “You’re perfect for Dean.”
Castiel sighed. “He said he liked everything I was. That’s it.”
Dean shook his head. “No, but thanks anyway. You and Cas don’t have to stay and watch me get my hand bandaged.”
“Why?”
Anna took Dean in her arms like they were old friends. “Dean, it’s so good to meet you,” she said, holding him by the arms. “Thank you for calling me about Amelia. How is he, by the way? Is he handling it well?”
Castiel looked at Dean with a smile. “I’m excited for this.”
“She woke up about half an hour ago,” Castiel said. “She’s still tired.”
“I said that, too,” Dean said.
“Oh, God,” Dean said. What a fucking nightmare.
Amelia nodded. “I’ll get Castiel to take it and send it to you guys. Dear, will you go ahead and do that now?”
That was until Dean remembered that Castiel was still fully clothed.
“Technicalities,” Castiel said.
Dean swallowed his food. “What kinda surprise?”
“That was sweet,” Castiel said. “I think all that practicing paid off.”
Dean sipped his water. “I do. But I’ve been staying with Cas since yesterday. I don’t want to leave him alone. I just come here to change and shower. So you’ll have the house to yourself. There’s no food in the fridge because all the food I bought is in Cas’s fridge. Come over in the morning for breakfast. The funeral isn’t for another day.”
“I think she’ll be happy for me.”
Castiel looked at the note for a while, and then he nodded. “Okay. Thank you, Dean.”
But the moment Robert and Esther stepped through the front door, their eyes were only for Claire. Esther asked if she could hold Claire and Castiel nodded, putting Claire in her arms. Esther started crying when Claire’s hand grabbed her finger.
“Come on!” Charlie said, nearly screaming. Castiel hoped she wouldn’t wake up Claire. “You guys are so perfect together. I’ve been hoping something more was going on here. You two make such a sweet couple.”
“Dean, please,” Castiel said, shaking his head. “The price doesn’t matter when it comes to my nephew. Look how happy he is. Ben deserved a swing set. And don’t worry, I didn’t get it from Craigslist.”
Dean clapped his shoulder. “Amelia was a wonderful person. This is all for her.”
“I remember you so well,” Castiel said against Dean’s lips. “You’re carved in my memory.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily, Winchester.”
Castiel laughed quietly when they pulled away. “You didn’t actually bring me here to study, did you?”
They were in a comfortable-looking room. It had two purple couches, a coffee table with a bowl full of candy, a fridge, a pool table, and a big bright mirror over a counter full of makeup. It looked like a backstage room.
“We have to catch up with a lot of people,” Dean said. “But I think we can fit in some time to go shopping for some supplies first.”
“Somehow, I learned to forget these things as if they’d never happened. But after I remembered them, I couldn’t do anything about it. It wasn’t as though I could scream at my father anymore, though I did scream at his grave a few times.” Castiel rubbed his hands on his face. “At first, I thought about telling you. I never kept anything from you. But these were my demons, and I didn’t want to burden you with them.”
Amelia had been against a baby shower. She claimed she didn’t like the concept of everyone coming together and playing silly games for the upcoming baby. But Castiel knew she just didn’t like having all the attention in the room. It was the reason why she also refused to ever have birthday parties for herself. Castiel wouldn’t force her to do anything that made her uncomfortable.
“You really are one of them, aren’t you?” Castiel’s mother said.
“Truthfully, I don’t know,” Castiel said, having lost his appetite. “But Dean has been a huge help. I don’t know what I’d do without him.”
One chapter to go!
“Alright. I’ll let Amelia know. I’m sure she’ll be glad to see Lisa again.”
“Pie sounds good right now actually.”
There was silence in the car as they all stared out the windows. It was somehow impossible to move, to breathe, knowing that a life had been lost to the whim of an angry God and his herd of angels. Dean didn’t think he could hate something as much as he hated them. In fact, they were right up there with Castiel’s bastard of a father.
Dean glared at Castiel from across the street since their tables were on opposing sidewalks. Castiel held Dean’s gaze for a long moment, and then he shot him a smirk. Dean raised both eyebrows in return. Castiel simply winked, shrugged, and looked away.
“I’d like to keep my private life separate from the show,” Castiel said, suddenly. “Thank you, Gabriel.”
Dean chuckled quietly. “This thing is shit. We might be better off sleeping on the floor.”
Castiel smiled right back, like he was genuinely happy to see him. “So, you finally met Charlie and Rosa.”
, putting his phone back on the nightstand. “Are we slipping into BDSM now? I’ve never tried it before, but hey, I’m not complaining.”
“We’re going to share a milkshake and play footsie under the table now?” Castiel asked, a big grin on his face.
“Would you like to share?” Castiel asked.
Castiel put the lemonade down and stood up, looking alert. “What? What’s going on?”
“No, dude, I didn’t poison anything.” Ash laughed. “I just went over to Heaven’s Bistro to talk to the owner about that pie he’s selling.”
Dean stood very still as the nurses that had been working on Mary left the room, one by one. Dean’s gaze was solely on Mary, even when the doctor told them that she would give them the room so they could say goodbye before they took her body downstairs. To the morgue.
Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean loved to tease him with those two words all the time now. Ever since Dean had told Castiel he found him attractive and all Castiel could say was “very interesting,” it had become their inside joke.
Cas moved his hands upwards from Dean’s chest to cup his cheeks, and pulled him down for a kiss. It was a soft, languid kiss that took Dean by surprise. Cas had been ready to move fast with Dean from the start. But it appeared that he’d changed his mind and was happy to go slow with Dean. The kiss was slow, but deep. Dean would kiss Cas all night if he could.
“Are you trying to get rid of me?”
Dean grinned. “So good. Dude, I don’t know if it was your bed or your sheets, but I slept dreamlessly for the first time in I don’t know how long.”
“Just you.”
Dean shrugged. “Good. Although, this day has been a big blast from the past.”
was one of his favorites. And he knew for a fact that Castiel was fond of it too.
“No, seriously, who is she?”
The day after the bar felt dull compared to the night Dean had spent pressed to Castiel. They didn’t dance again after their one time, but Dean felt Castiel getting closer throughout the night. As they sat side by side, Dean was hyper aware of his leg pressed against Castiel’s leg under the table. They didn’t have to be that close, but they only grew closer. Their touches were brief, but Castiel would occasionally put his hand on Dean’s arm, back, or shoulder. Dean tried to ignore the way Castiel’s touch ignited a fire inside him. It was a wasted effort.
broke up with me.” The bitterness in his voice startled Castiel. Why would it still be there?
“Yeah, why not?” Dean poured coffee into a Michigan mug. “I brought it up with Lisa last night and she thought it was a good idea.”
“He’s here, ain’t he?”
“I know I should have come clean about this sooner, Dean, but I just—”
Dean didn’t even question why Aaron asked him to pull over on the side of the road. There was nothing but a large field there. Hardly any other cars on the road. “What’s over here?”
As Dean answered Rhonda, keeping his distance from her, Castiel felt Dean’s hand under the table, gripping Castiel’s thigh possessively. There was no indication that Dean was doing this because he hadn’t even looked away from Rhonda, but Dean’s hand was firm and Castiel doubted it would move at all.
“NO!” Dean shouted. “No, you don’t get to cry about this. Sam isn’t dead. Jess isn’t dead. We’re going to find them. Cas, you said we’d find them. You need to help me find them. You promised. You…”
Dean found it hard to believe him.
“No, I wasn’t,” Dean said. He wasn’t. He really wasn’t.
Castiel nodded. “Let’s go.”
When Dean had accepted to go for a walk with Castiel and Dandy, he hadn’t imagined that he and Castiel would hit it off so well. The guy was funny and easy to talk to. Plus, he liked bad movies as much as Dean, and he even wrote books, which Dean had impulsively purchased because of how much he enjoyed the guy’s company. Dean just got a good feeling about Castiel from the get-go. Dean didn’t have any friends, not really. Sam was his friend, but he was also his brother. Dean had always had trouble making friends, especially now that he was a dad. All his time was spent looking over Ben and Lisa. Dean had never made any time to make friends. But Castiel lived right next door and being his friend seemed like a possibility.
“I highly doubt that,” Dean said. “Why don’t you wait until tonight when she gets home to talk to her about whatever it is you need to talk about?”
“Ouch,” Dean said, wincing. “That fucking sucks, man. I’m one of the lucky ones. My dad is gone, but my mom and my baby brother accept me for the big bisexual that I am.”
When the place opened up last year, Dean wasn’t bothered by it. He figured a place like that would shut down within a few months. It didn’t take a genius to predict that. A vegan restaurant in the middle of Kansas? Who the hell would eat that? Well, as it turns out, a hell of a lot of people did eat that. Heaven’s Bistro was the trendiest place in town, and a lot of outsiders drove in just to eat there. Dean could never understand why anyone would choose a salad over one of his cheeseburgers. And yeah, okay, Jo had explained to Dean that the place served more than just salads, but still. A fake burger was a fake burger, and Dean was baffled to think
Throwing his blanket aside, Castiel bolted out of the bed. He didn’t make it far due to the multitude of cream pies surrounding his bed. Castiel’s feet landed on two of the pies, and then he completely lost his balance, landing on his stomach at the foot of his bed. Castiel groaned as his face hit another delicious cream pie.
“Should I go?” Castiel asked.
“What happened?” Dean asked, looking from Lisa to Castiel, eyebrows furrowed, almost like he knew the truth. Maybe deep down he did.
Castiel picked her back up and rocked her slightly as her eyelids fluttered closed. Dean had been right when he’d said she was perfect. “Should I put her back in the crib?”
Dean gazed back at Castiel when his mom handed him over to him, kissing Dean’s cheek before she went to sit beside Jess. Dean held onto Castiel’s hands, and then Castiel kissed the back of Dean’s hands.
Dean had already cooked an entire breakfast. Before getting off the phone with Charlie, he’d invited her over for drinks with Sam, and she’d gladly accepted. Now, Dean was trying to placate his nerves with food.
Jo laughed. “Oh, shut up, smooth-talker.”
. Dean cleared his throat. “Well, I wasn’t on a date. I haven’t been on a date in months.”
“Sorry I was late this morning,” Dean said, getting straight to the point. The less time he spent in here, the better.
Dean shifted, turning until he was facing Castiel, and then he brushed the tips of his fingers over Castiel’s lips, his breath palpable. “Can I kiss you?”
“When I left, things changed,” Castiel said, swallowing. “All this time with you, I let you take care of me. Then you told me to go, and I had no choice but to get it together. When I stopped relying on you, I learned to rely on myself again. I needed to care for myself in order to gain back the strength I’d lost with those memories.” Castiel rubbed his eyes, letting out a loud groan. He dropped his hands and glanced at Dean, hesitating before he spoke again. “I know you don’t want to hear this, Dean, but I felt stronger without you.”
Much later, after Dean got Claire down for the night, and Anna comfortably settled in the guest room, Dean cleaned up in the kitchen. He made sure to leave it all spotless because Castiel was a bit of a neat freak and Dean didn’t want him cleaning up after Dean had cleaned up. Castiel had done that before.
Dean opened the car door and got out. He looked the same as always, in dark jeans and a plaid shirt over a white cotton t-shirt. The way his hair fell into messy waves was an added touch that Castiel did not miss. Dean was clenching his hands in a nervous way that was not unfamiliar to Castiel, but new all the same.
“I think the part that upset Cas was him being an absent dad, not divorcing your mom.”
“You sound just like your brother,” Dean said.
Castiel’s thumb brushed the back of Dean’s hand softly. “We do that all the time. I wanted today to be special. We must celebrate your birth, Dean. The fact that you’re alive and that you’re in my life—our lives—is worth celebrating.”
Castiel hugged her back awkwardly, almost like this was the first hug he’d ever given someone. Dean knew that wasn’t true. “Hello, Anna.”
“You sure?”
“An angel?” Castiel hadn’t thought about that. He was getting to the end of his book. He and his editor were both definitely leaning towards making it a series. Once he finished his first draft, though, he would need to go back and add actual character names. He’d never before written an entire book without picking out appropriate names for his characters. But this time, his process had helped him write faster. Despite his depression, Dean had still been reading the pages Castiel continued sending him.
Dean bumped his shoulder against Castiel’s. “You can do this.”
“Hmm?” Castiel kept his eyes on the television as Dr. Sexy passionately made out with a nurse in the elevator.
“Oh, please, you can’t use the doctor card on me.”
Dean hummed. “I told you, didn’t I? It’s like nothing you’ve ever felt before.”
It was a little nerve-wracking at first to have his in-laws’s full attention as Castiel went on about his latest book, discussing not only how the story came to be, but how involved his boyfriend had been in the process. Castiel wanted his readers to know that Dean had been an integral part of writing
Castiel gave him a smile. “Dean, come on.”
Well, now it all made sense. Castiel shook his hand. “Sam. It’s very nice to finally meet you. I’ve heard wonders about you. My name is Castiel Novak.”
Sam was putting on a CD when Dean and Castiel joined them in the living room. Jess locked eyes with Sam, and she smirked. Dean was too tired to try to read into their weird silent conversation.
“Dean, you were smitten with Castiel from the beginning. You two were attached at the hip. You always ran to him with all of your problems. You—Dean you
Dean waited for the judges to come by and give his pie a taste. The judges were Ellen Harvelle, Meg Masters, and Bobby Singer. Dean worked with Bobby, and regularly patronized Ellen’s diner, but he didn’t know Meg from Adam. On the other hand, Dean knew that Castiel and Meg had been close friends ever since he showed up in town. Either way, Dean wanted the judging to be fair and square. When he won, he wanted it to be because he’d baked the best pie, not because some of the judges were his friends.
“Damn,” Cas said.
“Don’t remind me. That shit was traumatic. And I still don’t have a swing set for Ben. I was so excited to find one so cheap.”
“I’m not so used to guys taking me out on dates before they sleep with me, so this is kind of brand new for me. But I’ll take it.”
“I mean—”
When Castiel walked into the living room, everyone was all over Claire because Dean had dressed her up in a cute white dress with a big black bow in the back and shiny black shoes. She also had a little red bow on the few blonde hairs on her head. Dean had always been great at finding her the cutest outfits. Then again, Dean was great at most things.
“Want another beer?” a scruffy-looking man asked, holding out a beer.
Castiel smiled. “Of course he knows. He’s happy to see you again.”
“I rarely ever do. Take the room, Dean. Bring some of your clothes. The closet is empty. You should have enough space.”
“Is Sam still coming in the summer?” Charlie asked.
As soon as they were out of the car, Dean tugged his arms around Castiel’s waist and pulled him close, right on his front porch. He needed this closeness to prepare for whatever would happen inside. Though maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Not with the way Castiel looked into his eyes right before kissing his temple.
“The phone is distracting me. You gotta get it.”
Castiel’s most liked instagram picture wasn’t what Dean had been expecting. It was a picture of Charlie, Castiel, and Dean they’d taken on the set of
“You say perfect. I hear boring.”
Dean eyed the truck skeptically before heading back to his house.
“I still haven’t found a Christmas gift for Jess. I thought maybe you could come with me to look for something.”
“Barbarian,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes.
Dean swallowed because the intensity of Castiel’s gaze was too much to bear. Simultaneously intoxicating and not enough. For a second, he forgot he was in a class filled with twenty other students. It was so easy to believe that Castiel was the only other person in the room, and that Dean could walk up to him and have a taste.
“You gave Castiel your number,” Charlie said. “Is something going on with you two?”
Dean laughed this time. “Really? How are you so sure about this?”
Dean was about to say yes, but he stopped himself. “What about Claire?”
Castiel nodded, rendered speechless.
After a moment of awkward silence, Dean said, “It’s not like that, Mom. I’m not in school to hit on my professors, or whatever.”
Truth be told, Castiel was enjoying it just a little. It was hot and Castiel was sweating too much to be comfortable, but Dean and Ben were great company. Dean was leading the way, Ben followed close behind, and Castiel tried to keep up with both of their paces. As they walked, Dean warned them both about an ant hill, which Ben missed, but Castiel stepped on accidentally.
“Okay. Good plan. I’m on board.”
“Is there something wrong with that?”
Castiel didn’t seem fazed by that. He looked at Dean again. “I can’t believe we’re doing the show again. After all these years. People still care about our characters.”
Dean really wished Castiel had punched him earlier. “Claire.”
“That is so sweet,” Jess said.
The moment Castiel put Ben, belly down, on his extended arms in the water, Dean was ready to stop the entire thing. But he didn’t. Because, again, he trusted Castiel. He looked so confident in what he was doing and saying. There was no worry in Castiel’s face as he guided Ben from one side of the pool to the other, explaining how to move his arms and legs as he went.
Castiel gave a small nod and licked his lips. Dean couldn’t help but follow that action. When he looked back at Castiel’s eyes, he saw the question in his eyes. The moment was suddenly full of tension, but it wasn’t the bad kind. Dean had the sudden urge to move forward, to breach that small distance to Castiel. And it scared him. It scared the hell out of him.
They danced on. Dean blamed it all on the pink pineapple dream. He blamed it for the way Castiel rolled his hips closer. He blamed it for the way his hands dug into Castiel’s hair. He blamed it for the heat that was traveling between them with every move.
Dean put the note in front of Castiel, but Castiel ignored it as he continued with his phone call. Dean was in the middle of a phone call when Castiel returned the note.
They shook hands.
Dean had expected to see Castiel because he’d just finished texting him about his book. They’d been having a really good conversation. Castiel was incredibly smart. Dean liked picking at his brain. But he was surprised to see Sam on his front porch.
“I don’t know. Maybe four or five days a week.”
Jody nodded. “Okay. Would you like to address that?”
Sam nodded. “I know. I was just hoping.”
Castiel gulped, and Dean followed the movement. “Yeah, me too.”
“Show me?”
“One of your employees did speak to me earlier.” Castiel’s voice was deep, but almost monotone. It was like he had no emotions. “He mentioned that you were very upset about my new pumpkin pie item. I am aware that you sell a seasonal pumpkin pie every winter. It is, in fact, the reason why I’ve added the item to my menu.”
“Charlie, come on,” Rosa said. “You can’t just ask people if they have a hickey.”
Dean wasn’t sure if this was the time to inform Anna that he was more than Castiel’s friend, but he didn’t need to. Castiel crossed the room and kissed Dean’s lips, holding his face in his hands as he drew him in. Dean smiled when Castiel pulled away. “Happy birthday.”
Dean smiled. “That’s alright. Ben and I will protect you from any wild bears.”
Was it so wrong wanting Dean to stay forever?
“I’ll leave you to it, then.” The woman’s footsteps moved away from him, and then Dean heard the sound of a car engine, and the wheels peeling the ground. It was until then that he turned around, but it was too dark to see the license plate. He realized he still had his Impala and no bullets had gone through him, so he counted his blessings.
“She was a therapist,” Charlie said, her voice unwavering. Her wide eyes and clenched fists were the only sign she had processed what was in front of her. “As soon as I heard from Dean that your counselor was killed, I thought of Catrina. I wondered…I wondered if maybe the angels had it out for therapists.”
“No, but there are chocolates.”
“She’s in New York.” Castiel sighed. “We’re getting divorced.”
and of course,
“I’m so happy you both made it!” Charlie said, dragging them inside. She gestured wildly at her surroundings. “Can you believe how long it’s been? I feel like I just recently moved to L.A., but it’s been five years. God, it’s unreal. Sometimes I miss Lawrence. Not usually, but sometimes. And I bought this giant ass house, too big for me alone. I’m not even sure what to do in it. I throw pool parties for the neighborhood every weekend. They seem to like it.”
This time, Castiel didn’t withhold his smile, brief as it was.
Castiel nodded.
“What is it?”
Dean smiled. “Nope. So get ready. We're hiking after breakfast.”
Dean smiled, thinking back on his new favorite book. “You’re right, it did. And a very good one, at that.”
“You guys want some juice before I put it back?” Sam asked.
“You didn’t lose me.” Castiel touched Dean’s face, smoothing his thumb on his cheekbone. “I’m still here.”
Dean smiled. “Alright, you two can get back to being in love. Go ahead.” Dean put his hands together. “Kiss.”
“So beautiful,” Robert said, looking over Esther’s shoulder.
“I’m going to miss this little town,” Dean said as they got on the highway. They were leaving Point Pleasant behind. But he knew it wouldn’t be the last time he came here. He had a lot of plans for the future, many of them involving Castiel.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “I’ll fix this.”
Castiel looked at Dean, wondering if he was in any shape to have this conversation at the moment.
“What are you doing?” Castiel walked out of the kitchen, holding two plates in his hands.
Dean wrapped both of his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, burying his face in his neck. “I’m sorry. I know this must look so stupid.”
They set out on the road.
“Everything,” Dean said, smiling. “My friend will be paying. She’s my sugar momma.”
“Yeah. I’ll be fine.”
Ben was back.
Two could play at this game.
“Lisa’s really mad,” Dean said quietly.
Castiel shook his head, this time pulling on Dean’s hand to get him closer. Once he had him a foot apart, Castiel kissed the corner of Dean’s lips. “Nothing this far from you will ever be permanent for me, Dean. This is our arrangement for now. And then, we’ll make it up as we go.”
With a sly grin, Castiel squeezed as hard as he could, and he was satisfied to find that Dean’s ass was as round and firm as he’d always imagined. He pictured himself biting it, but then regretted that visual because he wasn’t supposed to get ahead of himself. “Nice.”
“I don’t think that
“What’s going on here?” Dean asked. The question had been directed to Castiel, but the man beside him answered.
Ben had a tight grip around Dean’s neck, unwilling to let him go even when Dean tried to pull away so he could look at his face. Ben looked the same and entirely too different at the same time. He’d gotten a lot taller in the near two years they’d been apart. His hair was longer, his face slimmer—his big cheeks had disappeared—and when he smiled, even his teeth were new. Dean’s face hurt from smiling so wide, but it was the good kind of pain. The one that made his heart swell. Dean kissed Ben’s face, reassuring himself that he was really there, really in his arms, not going anywhere ever again.
“Well, maybe you should sleep with me more often.” Dean froze once the words came out. He always knew how to ruin a good moment.
“He went out for a run,” she said. She sipped her coffee and sighed.
every week. It’s one of my favorite shows.” Dean looked down at his bare feet. “I’m really sorry I haven’t been in touch lately. I really should have. You’ve always been a great friend, Charlie.”
“Drink,” Castiel ordered.
“Can’t you tell me now? I won’t stop thinking about it.”
“Lisa, what’s wrong?” Dean pressed a hand to her back. He looked around the room, and it felt emptier somehow. He noticed a few things were missing, like the coffee table books and a few framed photographs on the walls. “Where’s Ben? Did something happen to him or to you?”
“She’s never had a fever before.”
“Oh?”
“Good morning.”
Charlie wiggled her eyebrows. “You’ll have to stay tuned to find out, my dear.”
Castiel waited for Dean to say something in response, but it seemed that he wasn’t in the same flirty mood he’d been the night before. Castiel wondered if that meant that Dean had regretted what had happened between them. Had Castiel gone too far? Had Dean not wanted Castiel to kiss him?
Castiel tilted his head. “Are you sure that’s all you were trying to tell me?”
“I used him. I used all the people I dated to get over you, and it didn’t even work.”
Dean sighed. “I never really got around to teaching Ben how to swim. I wanted to get him in classes, but that never happened. Then I tried to do it myself a couple of times, but I was too nervous to be of any help.”
Everyone knew that Meg and Crowley were very much against kids of all ages and therefore would not be really accommodating of Claire being there.
“Hmm?”
“Good night.”
“No, sir,” Dean said, raising his hands. “I don’t even have a cell phone with me.”
Dean turned to the sound of the voice. It was a woman in a white coat who Dean assumed was a doctor. Beside her stood a chaplain in a black shirt. Dean could put two and two together. Dean nodded to her question.
“Thank you, Dean. You really didn’t have to do this.”
“Well, Dean is an excellent mechanic. I haven’t had to worry about the maintenance in my truck ever since he came into my life. He’s an incredible father. Claire is crazy about him. He’s an excellent cook and he bakes the most delicious desserts—pies are his favorite. He’s selfless and thoughtful and funny and supportive of everything I do.” Castiel sighed, stopping what he was doing to glance at Esther. “Dean is magnificent and I don’t know what I did to deserve this much happiness for a second time. I thought this kind of joy only happened one time for people, that you only get to find love like this once. I thought the universe had given me more than enough with Amelia, but then Dean happened.” Castiel shook his head. “And I can’t imagine my life without him anymore.”
“I’m looking forward to that. Actually, I came over to see if you two were interested in coming with me to walk Dandy. I usually walk her around this time every morning. Since Ben was so fond of her, I thought the two of you might enjoy that.”
They ended up making out during most of the movie, only taking a few breaks to breathe and drink their melting slurpees, but then they were back at it again. Dean was glad that the theater was empty except for another couple sitting close to the screen so they were too far away to hear their panting and groaning as they devoured each other.
“No,” Castiel gasped. “No, everything. I missed all of you.”
“Thanks.” Dean took a sip.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Lisa said, standing up and slinging her purse on her shoulder. “When you left for work this morning, I packed up all our stuff. Mine and Ben’s. They’re in boxes, being sent to California.”
When Dean tried to help Castiel to his feet, Castiel relented. Slowly, Dean guided Castiel to their bedroom, turning on the lamp on Castiel’s nightstand. Dean led Castiel to his side of the bed, then he bent down to remove Castiel’s shoes and unbuckled his belt, easing him out of his pants. Clad in his boxers and Jurassic Park t-shirt, Castiel looked at Dean intently.
Castiel let out a long sigh. “I think so. We’ve already talked a few times. We’re going to try to make it work.”
Dean bolted to his feet, laughing forcefully. “Oh, Sam, you’re such a jokester. I’ve actually just started getting to know Cas—Castiel, and he’s been kind enough to bring me one of his pies, and a coffee.”
“How’s that supposed to make me feel better, Dean? You don’t keep secrets from me. And why would you keep this a secret from me? Cas hurt you so much and for so long.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I’ll pass on the message.”
“Hey, do you mind holding her for a minute?” Dean asked, handing Claire to Castiel.
“I don’t know if you knew this, but I’m crazy about you,” Castiel said, repeating Dean’s earlier words.
Gabriel sipped his iced tea. “For now it is.” Then he turned to Castiel. “Cassie, I think I kinda like him.”
Castiel rode shotgun while Anna sprawled in the backseat. The night was windy, but it felt good with the windows rolled down. Once Dean got on the highway, he felt at ease. The tension he had with Castiel was dimmer now, and he felt even better when he turned to Castiel and saw him smiling at him from the passenger seat. It was like nothing had ever gone wrong between them. Like they were back to normal. And that was exactly what Dean wanted. He would try to forget about that kiss. It was for the best.
“You’re not an idiot. You’re going through a lot right now. Let me do it. All you need to do right now is take care of yourself. Let me take care of you for once, yeah?”
Dean went on to tell Jody about having a few drinks and then driving his car, which had led to the accident. He confessed that the accident had actually been the final straw that had led him to being here today.
Dean pulled Castiel into his arms, squeezing him tight. “Always so grumpy. It’s my job to squeeze it out of you.”
Castiel sat down on the other, and they rocked together.
“That’s really unlikely, but it’s okay. When she gets sick again, we’ll get through it together. Just like tonight.”
Dean furrowed his eyebrows. “What do you mean?”
It didn’t take long to fill up the suitcase. Castiel only packed the most essential items—his clothes, shoes, toiletries, pot, and a few Stephen King mass paperbacks. As he packed, he made a mental list of his closest friends and family. Most of Castiel’s friends were Dean’s friends who’d been forced to befriend Castiel when they’d started dating, so he wasn’t sure where he stood with them. Although Charlie wouldn’t deny him, Castiel wouldn’t take her from Dean. He knew her first, so technically he called dibs. Castiel only had one sister, Anna, but she lived in New York. His father was dead, had been dead for months, and his mom was somewhere in Asia, living the life she never could when she was young and married.
Sam frowned. “Poor Ben. I know how much he wants a dog.”
“It’s not easy planning your own wife’s funeral,” Dean said. “We wanted to spare you the trouble. Sam has all the details if you’d like to go through them with him. Actually, Sam wanted to ask you some questions about things he can’t decide on his own. He was waiting for you to wake up to talk about it.”
Dean snorted, wondering if Sam—or worse, Jo—had already told everyone about Castiel. “You guys know me better than that. I don’t kiss and tell.”
Amelia was giddy with excitement when Dean returned with all the goodies to their table. She started with the cake pop, pushing the cake and croissant towards him. “You should have some. I shouldn’t have this much sugar after dinner. I won’t be able to sleep if I eat it all myself.”
Castiel zipped up his pants, relaxed his shoulders, and walked up to Dean. “You look way too good in the morning.”
Dean swallowed, suddenly more awake than ever. He raised an eyebrow. “Do we have time?”
“That’s so sweet,” Julia said, a hand to her heart.
“Cooking is overrated,” Sam said. “I’m a busy lawyer. There’s no time for cooking when you’re out there fighting for justice.”
“Me too.”
“Sure,” Castiel said, stepping away from Victoria in case she tried to hit him for answering.
“He’s fine, Cassie.”
“He’s a nice guy,” Anna said, turning back to Dean. “So, how can I help?”
I invited Cas and he said yes!!! He’s meeting us at the bar at 8. I’m running a little late because of Space Girls emergency, but I’ll be there soon.
Rosa nodded. “I am. Summers are always simultaneously too long and too short for me. I miss my students.”
Dean’s gaze rose above Castiel’s head, and his eyes widened as Castiel’s wings kept moving. “This is fucking nuts.”
on Netflix, which Dean had seen plenty of times before, but it was good background noise as he searched for classes for the spring semester. Dean took up most of the couch, setting his legs over Castiel’s lap as he concentrated on his laptop screen. This felt good and comfortable and Dean was happy. Castiel made him happy, just being here with him.
“Well, as long as you still like me.”
“I can’t believe this,” Castiel said, laughing breathlessly. “Oh man, what I would give to go back in time and see you like that.”
“We should go downstairs,” Dean said, after a while.
Castiel woke as the sunlight peeked through his curtain in the living room. He’d fallen asleep on the couch watching
“You did! And then you told him you liked his face, and he told you he liked your face. I mean, it was absolutely ridiculous.”
But Castiel didn’t move. He kept going, encouraging Dean with a firm hand on Dean’s hip.
But Dean had to agree that having a near-death experience with Castiel had brought them closer, in a very strange way. He doubted either of them would ever forget their horrible Craigslist adventure. It was slightly comforting knowing he hadn’t gone through it by himself. In a way, they were helping each other just by being able to understand exactly what the other had gone through.
They were all sitting on the living room floor. Charlie and Jo had arrived about half an hour ago, and they’d spent the entire time talking about the night before. Castiel had almost forgotten about their ghost hunting because of what happened right afterwards, and this morning. But now that they were back on the subject, Castiel was invested all over again.
“I love surprising you.”
“We’re going to dinner,” Anna said.
“When I was sure that Benjamin was serious about being in Ben’s life,” Lisa said, like it was nothing. Like this wasn’t going to change the rest of their lives. Benjamin West wanted to be in Ben’s life all of a sudden. To be Ben’s dad. Ben’s so-called
Lisa threw her head back in laughter. “Yeah, right.”
“Shhh. I’m reading.”
Castiel stood and then groaned.
“Exactly,” Sam said. “Hey, do you want to meet up for drinks tonight? Jess is on a business trip this weekend, so it’s just going to be me at home. We could meet up at the Roadhouse just like old times.”
“Hey, can we talk?” Dean asked.
Castiel nodded. Not like he needed to be told twice.
“You really think so?”
“Awesome,” Dean whispered back, taking off his jeans and tossing them in the corner with the rest of his stuff. Then he got inside his sleeping bag, leaving it unzipped in case he got hot through the night.
Castiel was sitting on the couch in the living room while Dean laid Claire in her crib. He’d been mindlessly flipping through the channels on the television just for something to do. But as soon as his eyes landed on the box, he had the urge to run in the other direction.
There is one thing I will not budge on: we are having cake at our wedding, not a four-foot cherry pie.
Dean went to the bathroom, and he stood in front of the mirror. He ran a hand through his hair. He looked at himself for a while, wondering for a fleeting second if Castiel could ever be interested in him. But then he realized that Castiel was his friend, a very new friend. Dean shouldn’t think about those things. He could mess up what he had with him. And they still had a few days left on their trip. They didn’t need to be awkward.
sexy.”
“Did you have something else in mind?”
Dean smiled. “One time, I couldn’t sleep, so I called her late at night and she stayed up talking to me for hours. I kept asking her if she was tired, so I could let her sleep and stop bothering her, but she always said I wasn’t a bother. She always—” Dean’s voice broke. “She always said she appreciated our talks because I was like the brother she never had.”
Dean smiled despite his sour mood. “I am so not like a teddy bear.”
And that morning.
“Yeah, I got an early copy. It’s gonna blow your mind.”
“Almond.”
“I just…never caught on to that in all these years. I can’t believe I missed that.”
“I’ll get you some painkillers.”
There was a honk outside, and Dean went to grab his wallet and keys from his room.
Castiel nodded. “Did you remember the tent? Because you said we only needed the one. I could still buy one.”
Charlie had assigned a project on how to break society standards set by the patriarchy. She had promised to give extra points to anyone who really wowed her. At first, Dean thought about dressing in a pink suit, but he thought that might be a bit too silly, even for him. The makeup idea came from Sam when Dean went to him for help. Sam always knew what to do.
“Good things do happen, Dean.”
“Hell yeah!”
“If you want me to stop, just say so.”
Castiel ran a hand through his hair. “Fuck.”
Castiel chuckled. “Don’t worry. I wasn’t planning on stealing your position.”
Honestly, though, Castiel never failed to surprise Dean. And that
“I’m an adult, Cas,” Charlie said. “You don’t have to worry about me. I want to go because someone I love lives in Austin, and I need to find her. Isn’t that what you’re doing?”
“Lisa has been communicating with Benjamin West,” Castiel said. “At first, it was over Facebook, but I think he was just calling her cell right now. Unless she knows another Benjamin, I’m sure it was him. I don’t know if this means anything—”
Castiel laughed again. “Hurry up so we can watch this movie. It’s about to start.”
Castiel nodded, his cheeks getting pinker. “I’m not sure if you like latte art, but I do. I thought I might surprise you, since you brought that pie for me yesterday.”
“Don’t be such a whiner.”
“It’s the end of the world, baby,” Dean said.
Castiel hummed. “I wrote about 3,000 words in my book, then I took Dandy to the park, then Amelia and I cooked a big meatloaf for the potluck tomorrow, and now I’m here, with you stealing my food yet again. So, nothing new.”
“So, I’m going to try something new here,” Dean said to the camera. “I’m going to ask some questions, and see if this picks anything up.” Dean took a deep breath. “Alright. Is there anybody in here with us?” Pause. “My name is Dean. What’s your name?” Pause. “Is there anything you’d like to say to us?”
There was suddenly another presence in the house. A blond man stood in the middle of the living room, and there was something elegant about him. The man was dressed in fine blue clothing seeped in complicated laces, looking like royalty. His authoritative presence filled the room. “I’d hate to interrupt an emotional moment, but I believe you called for me.”
Castiel grinned before he pulled Dean’s face close and kissed his mouth, disregarding morning breath or the bit of drool Dean still hadn’t cleared. Nothing mattered when he got to kiss Dean first thing in the morning. Dean kissed him back, taking hold of Castiel’s hip securely as he returned all of Castiel’s languid kisses. Castiel had fantasized about kissing Dean plenty of times before, but those fantasies could never measure up to the reality. Dean was a sensual kisser, even when he didn’t try. Kissing Dean was a spiritual experience that elevated Castiel to the fucking clouds. Dean moved his lips just right against Castiel’s lips, always capturing them perfectly, sending shocks of pleasure all the way to Castiel’s dick. This kiss was only making Castiel’s morning wood worse. Or better. Probably better.
“Oh, you’re on,” Dean said.
Dean took a deep breath, taking another sip of rum. “God, I really hate that I won’t be able to finish my road trip. It was so damn hard taking eight days off from work to come here. Now I’ll have to wait another century before I can take another vacation.”
Dean sat down and watched the remaining eight minutes of the very silly video that was not at all creepy. Not even when the pale white face showed up at the door in the middle of the night. That had to be photoshopped somehow. Dean shivered.
“Isn’t there a new episode of that doctor show you love to watch tonight?” Amelia asked.
Dean searched Castiel’s face. “Really?”
Dean wasn’t sure where Castiel was going with this, but he didn’t interrupt him to ask.
Silence fell between them. Dean was trying his hardest not to doze off on his seat, but his eyelids weighed a thousand pounds, and he had a comfortable pillow in the shape of Anna’s shoulder as Anna typed away on her phone.
Castiel took a bite as well and he had to agree. “Much better than I’ve ever had.”
“I love you, too,” Dean said. “Now go to sleep.”
Yeah, Dean had that one coming. “Hey, Cas. It’s nice to see you too.”
“Hi, Uncle Cas,” Ben said, running up to hug him around his waist.
Dean rushed to the driver side door, unlocking it gently, despite the anticipation. The smell of leather filled his nostrils and he inhaled as much of it as he could. Before climbing in, he stuck his head in and just stared at the inside. It was even better on the inside. It was like walking into a museum or traveling through time. This car was so well kept, it was uncanny.
Dean raised his blistered hand. “You don’t seem to get how hard this is.”
Charlie placed a full margarita glass with salt on the rim in front of him. “All your woes are better with alcohol.”
Dean gestured for an empty table, and Sam followed hesitantly. Once they were facing each other, Dean asked, “What’s bugging you, Sammy?”
“I’ll let her know.”
Castiel smiled. “Harry Styles.”
They sat at a booth in the corner, and Dean had bright blue eyes on him again.
“Right.” Amelia looked lost in thought.
Dean wanted to cry. But he wouldn’t. “What the hell did I do to deserve all this?”
Leaning against the counter, Sam ran both hands through his hair. “What the hell am I supposed to do now? It’s not like I can order my older brother around. He’s never gonna listen to me.”
“Keep telling yourself that, sweetheart.”
Esther nodded. “His name was Steven. We got married young. I was only seventeen. We were so happy.” She hesitated. “I was distraught when he got sick. He had a rare heart condition, and his health deteriorated every day. I lost him five years into our marriage. I didn’t think I’d ever move on. I wasn’t sure I wanted to. But then I met Robert. He was a regular at the restaurant I worked at as a waitress. We went out a few times and before I knew it, I was in love with him. I didn’t think it would happen twice for me either. But you’d be surprised how many gifts life can give us sometimes.”
Kevin groaned. “Are you serious? You’re not going to give us anything else?”
On their way to the truck, they ran into a street vendor who was selling tacos. There was a long line of people ordering and a set of picnic tables on the lawn. The delicious smell was making Castiel’s mouth water.
“Cas?”
dressing, or blending in. No, the woman showed up in an actual fucking limousine, wearing a gorgeous red gown and diamond-filled jewelry.
“I’m not mad,” Dean said, looking directly at Castiel so he could see Dean meant every word. “If anything, I’m mad at myself for being such an ass to you. I should have paid attention. All this time, I was so sure you were just bored with our marriage, but I never thought to look beyond that.”
“What’s your brother’s name?” she asked. “I don’t think I ever met him.”
“Did you see anything?” Castiel wondered, suddenly curious.
, Castiel thought.
happened, Anna,” Dean said, pinching the bridge of his nose. “We’ve just been spending too much time together.”
“That sucks. I was looking forward to seeing him.”
Castiel beamed, just like he always did whenever Amelia was mentioned. “Amelia paints the most beautiful things. She likes painting people and animals the most, but she also paints sceneries, junk yards, and other random things that inspire her. She’s currently working on a piece as we speak.”
“I don’t know, bro,” Dean said. “Sounds like you need glasses.”
“Dean, you were supposed to be careful. I told you so many times already. But what do you do? You let Castiel sleep in your house? In your bed, I’m guessing. What part of that is you being careful?”
Dean sighed heavily. “Alright, I guess.”
Castiel shook his head. “You’re unbelievable. Let me in.”
And so, they raced each other. The best out of five won, which was Ben because Castiel and Dean wouldn’t dream of stealing his victory. Ben celebrated by doing some more laps, going from Castiel to Dean. Ben’s good energy was contagious, and Castiel found that he was really enjoying himself. Being here with Ben and Dean was like a breath of fresh air from Castiel’s routine back at home. The only thing that could make this day better was Amelia, but he knew that she wouldn’t be enjoying this quite as much as they were.
While Castiel was gone, Dean got under the covers. It was getting a little chilly in the house, and he was still only in his underwear.
Dean pulled away, but stayed close enough that their lips were only two inches apart. “Did I do something wrong?”
“Well, as your friend, I think it’s important to let me pay you for your hard work. You pay a hell of a lot of tuition for what I’m teaching you. This is the same.”
Dean followed Amelia to the table, feeling awkward since he still hadn’t said a single word to Castiel. But it wasn’t like he’d had any time to do it. Dean sat beside Amelia, hoping Ben would sit on his other side, but Amelia asked Ben to sit beside her, leaving Castiel to sit to Dean’s right. Dean knew what Amelia was doing, but he wished she’d made things easier for him. This was already really difficult.
Anna narrowed her eyes. “But I can use the big sister card. Come on, don’t be mean to me. You love me, and loving me equals ice cream.”
“And then you came here.”
“I think she’ll need time to recover from yesterday.”
Hands were raised all over the room. Dean kept his hands on his desk, hesitant about jumping in. What did he know that the others didn’t? He didn’t want to sound overeager either.
Dean tightened his hold on Castiel as he bit down on his neck. He knew there would be marks there. “I’ve wanted this for two months, Cas.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, pulling away.
“I wasn’t trying to shut you up,” Castiel said, glancing briefly at Dean with a smile. “I have other, much better methods to do that.”
Lisa glared at Castiel again, like it was all his fault. “Could you step outside, Castiel? Dean and I need to discuss this in private.”
“At least you didn’t sleep on the sidewalk,” Castiel said, glancing at Dean.
Castiel took out the chicken strips and put them on a plate. “God knows what’s going to happen anymore.”
Dean smiled kindly. “Who do I make this out to?”
Dean chuckled, kissing Castiel’s lips in a tongue-filled, languid motion that had Castiel chasing after him when he pulled away with a smirk. The smug bastard loved doing that to Castiel. Then he slapped Castiel’s ass. “Let’s go inside. Come on.”
“Why would you want that? We aren’t friends.”
“Me too,” Bela said. “I can’t believe I invited him. I’m glad he said no.”
“Castiel, what did the boyfriend say?”
Mary smiled, flipping the grilled cheese. It sizzled. “I know. I was watching the new
Castiel kicked Dean under the blanket.
The entire week, Dean had worked all day only to come home and play with Ben, cook for them, take the dogs for a walk, wash the dogs, clean up after the dogs. That morning, he’d woken up at 4:30 to finish packing and catch his flight. Then he’d tried to swallow his fear on the long ass flight, his stomach turned to mush the entire time, which prevented him from eating a full meal. Then he’d arrived here to spend just a few hours with Claire and Castiel. And Dean loved all three of them so much that all of this was worth the exhaustion he was feeling now. But it was now close to midnight, and Dean was so warm under the blanket. He told himself that he’d close his eyes just for a few seconds, and then he’d be good to go when Castiel came back. He’d be more than ready to rock his world.
No, this wasn’t how Dean had envisioned his Sunday night. It was so much better.
“We?”
Dean shrugged. “I’m giving her some space. We haven’t really talked about anything important since Tuesday.”
“Good,” Dean said, squeezing back. “Good.”
“There’s nothing I can do to change your mind?” Dean asked.
“Good night, Dean.”
“We should have told you,” Castiel said. “I know we don’t keep secrets from each other, but Dean and I thought we should keep our relationship just between us for now. Because of the show and everything.”
Castiel groaned, his forehead falling against Dean’s. “I just want you to feel good.”
had been written. “I don’t know if you remember when I made you the cake in home ec. It’s cool if you don’t remember. It’s probably really stupid.”
“Okay. If you’re sure.”
And just like old times, Castiel relented.
Ron grunted, keeping his glare steady on Castiel as if daring him to say something. And Castiel wanted to say something. A million red flags were going off in his head. This man was not to be trusted. Why the hell was he trying to lure them into his house? There was no telling what his real intentions were.
“Pre-Thanksgiving? Nice. Do you mind if I ask why you celebrated Thanksgiving a week early?”
Dean tugged on Castiel’s hand, and Castiel had no choice but to follow.
Castiel met Dean’s gaze, moving his mouth back to Dean’s, kissing him until Dean was moaning. Blindly, Castiel reached for the bottle of lubricant that was on the nightstand. He knelt between Dean’s legs as he spread the lubricant on his fingers. The first time, Castiel had been worried about hurting Dean, but the process had been far easier than he had imagined. This time, he knew what he was doing a little better, so he was more confident when he inserted the first fingers on Dean’s opening.
“Yeah.”
Castiel laughed, leaning on the fence. “I seem to be missing my wife. I was just looking for her.”
“That’s right,” Esther said. “Go get settled in. I’m about to get dinner started.”
Dean chuckled, taking a bite of a strawberry from the open tupperware container. “I don’t mind being blinded by love. Do you?”
There was something in Castiel’s eyes that Dean didn’t like. He had lost that brightness in them. But Dean couldn’t believe that it had been his doing. He was just trying to save what they already had. Dean was a mess, and he would mess everything up.
“Laurie Strode would disagree.”
Dean started pulling on Castiel’s hand, keys already in hand. “Come on already.”
“I love it when you do that,” Castiel whispered, withdrawing one of his hands to brush his index finger down Dean’s arm. “I give you goosebumps.”
Seconds, minutes, hours, days passed. Time was irrelevant. Castiel held Dean, trying to find the strength in himself to not break alongside him. Castiel was supposed to be offering comfort here, not trying to gain some from Dean. But the truth was, Castiel felt so close to the edge. Ben was his nephew. Blood is irrelevant. He’d lost him, too. And the pain was heavy in his heart. But he kept it together. Dean needed more comfort than he did, so he would keep it together for the both of them until Dean was okay again. If that was even possible.
Castiel couldn’t say no to Dean. He just wasn’t capable of denying him anything. He leaned down to kiss Dean’s temple. “Alright. Let’s have this party. But I still ask for one minute of your time this morning.”
Castiel walked to the Impala, but he couldn’t get in because it was locked and Dean had the keys. Perfect. Just what he needed.
The rest of their guests started arriving soon after. Charlie was Darth Vader and Rosa was Pennywise. Meg showed up as Wonder Woman and for once didn’t look as intimidating. Crowley, on the other hand, showed his FBI badge and claimed that was enough of a costume. At least Amelia thought it was clever.
“I’m sure it was a lot of fun for you, Sammy. Don’t lie.”
“Your drink’s been paid for,” she said.
“Someone from maintenance will take care of it right away,” the voice said. “Hang in there.”
“Be safe, child.”
Castiel inhaled through his nose, facing Dean. “You were flirting with Anna.”
“Relax, I didn’t eat any of it. Jeez. And I don’t steal your food. I just borrow it. You eat a lot of my food, too, and you know it.”
“Dean, don’t chase after that,” Castiel said from close behind. “It’s not a ghost. It’s probably someone who broke in. It could be dangerous.”
Castiel turned to him. “You think so?”
They did make it to the hospital before 11:00pm thanks to Castiel’s speeding. They found Daphne in the waiting room and Castiel rushed up to give her a warm hug.
know?”
Castiel laughed this time before biting him again.
“She’s gotten so big,” Anna said, kissing the top of Claire’s head. “But she’s just as precious.”
“That’s a hard no, boss. Go to the party. Have some fun. You deserve it.” Jack hung up before Dean could answer with some reason why he couldn’t go to the party.
“Sure,” the nurse answered.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “That happened one time.”
“You guys slept together,” Charlie said.
Dean leaned in to kiss Castiel’s cheek. “Love you.” When he realized what he’d said, eyes blown wide, Dean cleared his throat. “Buddy.”
“I’m talking now.” Dean gave him a quick sideways glance.
“Yeah, I got it,” Dean said, rushing to the door.
“Already in my car.”
Castiel shook his head. “We’ve sat next to each other for three long years. We’ve never had a civilized conversation. And now, suddenly, we get stuck in an elevator, and you want to have lunch?”
Castiel realized his erection was still fully pressed up against Dean’s thigh, and he was finding it hard to move away from him, but he took a deep breath and shifted back. “I’m sorry.”
