Sherlock did not answer, did not look move even. He just sat at the kitchen table, silently staring at his newspaper. John sighed inwardly and tried again.
Sherlock scanned the road. “There, he said, and pointed to a vendor cart gleaming in the late afternoon sun. He sprinted off, leaving John staring. Five minutes later, he came back with a steaming sackful of . . . chestnuts?
“What is it?” John asked.
"John, I—”
“How are you?”
Right next to John's thigh.
“It’s snowing,” he said, pouring himself some tea.
“You planned at this, didn’t you?” John asked, stealing a glance at his companion.
Sherlock had said those words. Was he just being a jerk, or had that been a hint?
, something any fourteen-year-old girl would have pissed herself over, he would have dismissed all his wild notions with considerable prejudice.
“The nearest station is ten minutes away. Or would you prefer to walk?”
They stood on the pavement in front of Scotland Yard. “Ooh.” John pulled his new scarf tighter and tugged on his gloves. “It’s getting colder. And not a cab in sight. Well, that’s just lovely.”
, John urged, and forced himself to concentrate instead on his buttocks rebounding off the padded wooden seat. He was starting to understand the meaning of the phrase “saddle sore.” He couldn’t figure how, in this weather, there had been a carriage—
“It is cold out there, sirs. Would you like some bandrek?”
John felt himself go hot. He turned his face towards the open space in the side of the carriage, hoping that Sherlock wouldn't see just how much distress he was in. His body was on fire: he could feel every bounce, every shudder, every breath that Sherlock took. Sherlock shifted a bit, and pressed his shoulder to John's, his hand coming up to rest on the top of his thigh.
Sherlock fixed him with a keen stare, icy eyes glinting. “It’s our witness.”
He was right. John had lived in seven countries on different three continents; rendang was one of the most amazing dishes he had ever tasted. It was like Indian curry and Thai curry had got off together and had a love child. He could taste lime and ginger, coconut milk, the fat of the meat, and underneath it all, the smooth, earthy flavor of turmeric. It was, to put it plain, heaven.
“There’s nothing more for us to do today,” he said. “Come on, John. We’re leaving.”
And there was also the fact that something like this would have taken immense planning to pull off; and Sherlock, the prime suspect, was the most thoughtless person John had ever met.
“You’ll see,” said Sherlock. “Try the beef rendang,” he counseled, waving off the menu. “You’ll enjoy it.”
Another jostle, and the small point of contact lengthened, grew bolder, smoothing into the fabric of his jeans, caressing the swell of muscle tensed against his own arousal.
Sherlock looked up from his phone and smirked. “Better than Anthony’s risotto?”
“Good afternoon, sirs,” she chirped, menus already in hand. “Please sit wherever you like.” She was pleasant, but a little too eager to be polite. Some family relation, John wagered. A daughter, or a niece.
Sherlock was the first to break the silence.
Jalan was small and warm, and nearly deserted. The walls were a dingy cream, with a few batiks mounted up to attest to the providence of the proprietor. On the wall behind the reception were several black-and-white photos of well-dressed, unsmiling people. A young girl, maybe fourteen, rushed out to greet them.
They trooped downstairs, Sherlock in the lead, John stomping slightly every other step. He was disappointed at missing the snow, but didn’t dare protest.
“Here,” said Sherlock, and shoved his half-eaten piece of toast at the smaller man. “This should do.”
Grumbling, John slunk towards the carriage, giving the horse a wide berth as Sherlock negotiated the hire. It wasn’t completely open air—more like a landaulette, actually, with a deep, black hood at the back and a pair of screened-in windows. With the hood up, John could see that only the front of the carriage lay exposed to the elements; still, though, it would be damn cold. Gingerly, he clambered up, and sighed with relief at the sight of the thick, woolen blanket that lay on the seat. Perhaps he wouldn’t freeze, after all. He settled himself, draping the blanket across his knees. It was rough, and smelled slightly of sweat, but it was warm, and for that John was glad. A minute later, Sherlock hopped up (Easily, John thought, trying not to stare at the man’s long, long legs) and squeezed himself in next to John.
“Uh,” John grimaced at the growling of his stomach. “Can’t we get a curry or something? I need something more substantial.”
He faced forward, not daring to look down for fear of startling the man next to him. Sherlock's touch was timid, shy, as if he expected at any moment to be rebuffed. John was scared, too, but also exhilarated, the thrum of desire issuing from his groin growing more insistent, more intense. He could feel, with the edges of his consciousness, a prickling warmth spreading across his neck.
It was this last part that got him. Years ago, he had decided that Sherlock Holmes was incapable of anything approaching romance (not to mention tact, consideration, and the full range of human emotion). And if he hadn’t currently been on this
They stumbled out into the frigid air. “God,” John gasped. “It’s even deader than before. No cabs anywhere. We’ll have to take the tube home.”
John lurched out of the carriage. His feet tangled in the blanket, pitching him forward and nearly into the driver. But he recovered, and with cheeks ablaze, wadded the folds of the blanket and shoved it behind him. He stumbled out onto the pavement and blanched at the raw chill of the air.
“You’ve almost got it.”
“Off to work, are you?”
Again, Sherlock said nothing, only rattled his paper, as if to emphasize the fact that he did not intend to rise to his flatmate’s early good humor. John crossed to the tiny kitchenette and pulled down a mug from the cupboard.
“But I haven’t eaten yet.”
—but not a taxi in sight.
John dragged in a deep breath, fighting to steady the tremors of his body. The snow drifted into his hair, clung to his cheeks, melted against his skin. He turned away, panting, as Sherlock paid the fare.
“We’ll have to catch it,” he said to John.
“But the rest?”
John laughed. “No comparison. Sorry, Anthony.”
“This is it, said Sherlock, and pushed his way in.
“But . . . but . . .” John trailed off, his voice taking on a plaintive, childlike quality. “It’s snowing . . .”
Another text. “‘It’s outside. We can’t catch it.’ Who let it out in the first place? It’s not a dog, it doesn’t need walking or anything.” Sherlock scowled and put his phone away. He yanked open the doors and stormed inside.
, he chided. He felt Sherlock’s hand retreat, and he relaxed.
John smiled and shook his head. “Not right now.”
No reply.
Shyly, Sherlock’s tongue flicked against the edges of John’s lips. John gave a startled groan of surprise and blushed as he felt himself go instantly, embarrassingly erect. He dragged Sherlock closer to him, bringing his hands up to cup his cheeks, his jaw, to worm under the bunch of his ever-present scarf and claw at the back of his long neck. John couldn’t feel much of Sherlock beneath the coat, and ached inside, his left hand scrabbling at the buttons, intending to yank, to strip, to put flesh on flesh, skin to skin.
“First snow of the year, you know.”
“John, can’t we just have one day where you don’t grouse?”
“What’s a bandrek?” Asked John, prying open a menu. He envisioned some type of savory pastry—something warm and filling.
All of a sudden, the hand was gone, the caress evaporating into another hard jostle. John's chest constricted, aching at the loss of sensation. But he did not dare say anything, or move his hand to touch Sherlock in return. What if it had been a mistake?
John, at least, managed to look affronted at this (true) slight, even while reveling in the warmth of his new scarf. “That was one time,” he said, the tips of his ears going pink. “I had strep throat.”
Sherlock’s hands froze on the keyboard as he gave John a side-eyed glance. John sat in his chair wearing plaid boxers and a dark green t-shirt. Sherlock had seen this before, although it was rare enough that he turned in the kitchen chair to ask, “All right?”
They stood there for long minutes learning each other’s lips, tongues, teeth, jawlines. Sherlock’s hands stayed on his head, but he allowed himself to indulge in running his hands over Sherlock’s torso and hips and arse. Sherlock hummed and moaned and made gorgeous little grunting sounds as their kiss turned from sweet to exploratory to heated.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “She’ll spot this in five seconds. She’s an agent for
Sherlock continued to lick up and down and around, adding suction around the corona every few swipes. John breath came faster but he never stopped watching Sherlock. Sherlock, elated by John’s reaction, decided that the time was now.
Mission accomplished. After Sherlock’s orgasms, he was speechless and incoherent for several long moments. He laid there shivering although the room was warm. John doubted he remembered his name, or their address, or anything other than the sublime sensation of multiple orgasms via prostate stimulation resulting in a final, spectacular ejaculation, that had rocketed up to his neck. John was quite impressed by their performance, if he did say so himself.
Sherlock said to the bartender, but loud enough for Clown-Nose to hear, “It’s so delicious.”
“Book a flight as close to eight as you can, I’ll be there.”
Appearing disarmed, Sherlock dropped his hands and stood with his weight equally balanced on each leg. His face was open and pleading, “It’s been 37 seconds.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked skeptically at John as if he were trying to trick him.
Sherlock rose quickly, feeling much better. He knew he’d feel even better once his brother left. “Then fuck off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt the same so he said, “It was perfect, John. I love you.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked over at John. “All right?”
“Can I ask you something?”
“You. Well, your cock,” John didn’t look at Sherlock’s eyes during his admission. “I don’t know. I wondered about you. Would you be big? Circumcised?” He huffed a small laugh, “Did you ever use the thing?”
They walked together to where Sherlock hailed a cab in less than two minutes.
I'm posting this on the last day of 2018. Wishing everyone a happy new year!
But John’s voice reminded him that John needed to be fucked tonight, apparently. Well, he could do that. He just needed to stop licking and fingering and wanking.
“I’m sorry. I’m an arsehole. Did I hurt you?” John pulled back to look at Sherlock’s face with concern.
John looked at the bruised face of Sherlock’s oldest friend and took a step back to create a little distance between them. Sherlock looked back at John. His brows pinched slightly and he jutted his chin up a bit. He reached for John’s hand and intertwined their fingers. To John, it felt possessive. As he squeezed Sherlock’s hand, his face relaxed into quiet understanding and gratitude. John smiled softly at him.
Sherlock pulled out a cold bottle of champagne, two small meat pies, and a box of chocolate truffles. Sherlock opened the bottle and pulled out two tiny paper cups from the bag. He’d thought of everything and John’s heart burst with adoration for him. Sherlock poured the champagne and handed a cup to John, “Cheers.” He bumped John’s cup with his. They sipped.
“Of course, I observe the evidence of their attraction. But I don’t care. I only care about you.” He pulled John close to him in a tight embrace. “I’ll only ever love you, John.”
Sherlock eyed the drink. He was pleased to find chunks of fresh blackberry, clearly just muddled, peppered throughout the drink. He took the extra-wide straw between two long fingers and jabbed at the blackberries, limes, and ice. It was thick with all three ingredients, plus rum and açai liquor.
John gripped him tighter and pressed his hips forward, grinding his cock against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock hummed.
John leans forward and says the thing they are both expecting. He doesn’t know how Sherlock will answer and he feels like he’s riding a unicycle on the edge of a cliff.
“Get us the fuck out of here!” James shouted. “Send air support. Now!”
Sherlock lifted his head, twisted around, and looked at John. His tone of voice was off somehow. Sleepy. Tense.
“What about hostages? We’re looking for at least two young men.”
different people looking at you. Flirting with you. Clearly flirting, even though I was standing right there! Undressing you with their eyes, Sherlock,” he finished indignantly, as if Sherlock had anything at all to do with it.
“I’m going to show you my gorgeous cock tomorrow.”
After less than a minute, Sherlock had opened the door and said, “I’m ready.” He didn’t look any different. His eyes were no brighter, his limbs and fingers were not twitching. Sherlock was simply using to stay level. He was a functional addict. For now. John could foresee, though. He could see it all unravelling and it made his stomach ache with impotence.
John looked around the small room. He knew it was small but it had good light, an actual bedroom, and just enough of its Victorian architecture preserved that it pleased John aesthetically. The light grey paint throughout the main room was complemented by the many white-framed photos crowding each wall. It was the nicest place John had lived in in a long time and he was mildly offended at Sherlock’s tone.
John kissed back fiercely, biting and licking his lips. Sherlock found himself dizzy and his legs wobbled as knees, ankles, and hips forgot how to support muscle and bone. John held his face in his small hands and pulled away. “Sherlock?”
“Trev? You been taking this for weeks?”
John finally looked at him and said, incredulous, “What have
the devil on his shoulder told him. He looked at John again, challenging him to say something.
Victor leaned up to peer over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“The photo. On your wall. You told me you didn’t want to talk about him.”
Sherlock kissed him. He opened his mouth to slide his tongue against John’s. He ran his fingers through John’s short hair, ran his long fingers over John’s jaw, settled his thumb in the cleft of John’s chin. He hummed and exhaled warm puffs of air on John’s cheeks.
“Mi5. I don’t like the sound of that.”
“Good. Beautiful. Thank you.”
Mycroft merely raised his eyebrows.
He stood at parade rest and his next words left Sherlock in ruins.
He’d found Sherlock sleeping last night and was certainly disappointed. But his affection for the young man and his relaxed, slumbering beauty propelled John to change into pajama trousers and a vest and join him quietly.
John blinked down at him, tears prickling dangerously at the back of his eyes. He never expected to gain the love and trust of the most interesting, gorgeous, sexy, infuriating genius on the planet, but somehow he had. His heart swelled to bursting as he softly said, “You’re everything to me too.”
Miles McMillan is *one* of the inspirations for model!Sherlock. Look up his photoshoot for Purple Magazine. You're welcome.
“We are, are we?” John said, smiling.
on Tumblr.
“Tell me, but I’m sure my answer will be the same.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows as John turned and said lowly, “Nice shirt.” He watched John’s arse as he walked away. Definitely intrigued.
John slowed his movements again and started grinding up against Sherlock’s cheeks in a slow circular motion. John’s hands gripped Sherlock’s hips tightly. His thumbs pinched into the soft globes of his arse, pulling them apart. Sherlock knew John was watching his cock move in and out of his body. The thought sent shivers down his back. His cock jerked and leaked a bit more.
Very clearly and too loudly for the situation, they heard, “What the - !?” Their pieces went quiet. They looked at each other, brows furrowed in confusion. John pointed vaguely towards where Seb and his two men were walking away after shaking Graham’s hand.
“All right.”
It was of a man, looking to be in his early-thirties, vamping for the camera with an outrageous, flirty smile. He was just on the other side of handsome but with an incredibly symmetrical face, dark hair, and a shortly-cropped beard.
“You just couldn’t leave them on.”
Weeks went by when he barely saw her. He realized that he was too young to be this bored with life. He missed her humor and her smart mouth. He missed fucking her. He missed fucking, period.
As he pulled out and pulled away, John made a small disappointed sound.
“You scared me, you cock,” he said. But the insult had no bite, and the smile on his handsome face was huge. “What are you doing here?”
He also loved the feeling of Sherlock plumping on his tongue. In three heartbeats he was hard as steel between John’s lips. He moved one hand to cup Sherlock’s arse. The other slowly pumped up and down Sherlock’s now very hard erection, sometimes straying down to cup or squeeze his balls.
John took one step closer. He saw Sherlock raising his hand, joined with Victor’s. Barely a sliver of Victor’s face was visible from John’s angle, but he could see his smile and shining eyes as they moved. Sherlock placed soft kisses on Victor’s knuckles. John saw Sherlock’s eyes crinkle with affection and his soft smile. He looked very much like a man in love.
Mary extended her hand and said, “Orkun.” As they shook hands briefly, she lowered her head and looked up at Seb through her eyelashes. “Seb, how wonderful to meet you.” She was flirting with him and it turned John’s stomach. “I’m so looking forward to working closely with you.” How had he ever loved this duplicitous, evil creature?
Then Sherlock texted.
John said, “I don’t like it.”
“No, I was going to order Thai.”
Sherlock expected John to protest and sputter when he noticed that Sherlock wearing his t-shirt. He wanted to provoke some kind of reaction. He knew it was probably childish, but it was ingrained in him that attention paid no matter how negative, was preferable to a non-reaction.
John bent down to sit in the sand. Normally, he’d be taking lots more photos, but this afternoon wasn’t really like work. He just wanted to look at his love, feel the breeze in his hair, and the sand between his toes. He’d take a photo when the mood struck.
Thanks for reading! I am
John kept holding his face.
John gave up trying to read the newspaper and leaned back to watch. Sherlock nodded his head to the silent beat. Every once in awhile, he'd turn to grab a cup or dish from the counter. John could see his profile then. His hair disarrayed, cheekbones high, lips together and slightly smiling.
“Turn around John.”
“I know,” he agreed, “I’ll try to hide it from her, and if she does see it maybe she’ll think I’m being ironic. After all, this terry shirt is sort of seventies retro.”
“I’m in love with you, Sherlock.”
John found himself down an internet rabbit hole. It started with a story on the BBC news website about one woman’s struggle with the birth control pill. Soon he found himself thoroughly entrenched in articles about menopause. A thought popped into his head,
John Watson.
Sherlock smugly loved making John non-verbal. This was going to be fun.
“Parliament Square,” I said.
By the time Sherlock got back some control over his body, he registered that John was coming. He had released Sherlock’s hair and throat to grip his hips. He sleepily enjoyed the feeling of John’s thick cock jumping inside him. He squeezed around John, and smiled lazily when John cried, “Oh god!” at the sensation.
“Loo’s in there,” Sherlock pointed. John nodded but didn’t move towards it or drop his bag.
Sherlock felt John’s hand squeeze further. It was beginning to hurt. He looked down to find him clenching his free fist. He placed his hand on John’s at his waist and said, “John.”
“Yes,” he said quietly.
John walked over and got right up into Sherlock’s personal space. He was irritated, amused, but most of all, turned on. It seemed like his perpetual physical state while in conversation with his madman. It had been like that for years and years.
John hid his face in Sherlock’s belly. He had noticed that the pants showed a little more than his jeans, but he thought at the time that it was fine. People don’t actually look at other people’s crotches do they?
“What?”
John never saw him again.
“Oh my god, you’re blushing,” Sherlock teased.
“Oh, Sherlock,” she said with tenderness, “I think you may have a crush on the good doctor.”
John threw his head back and huffed out a laugh. “You’re ridiculous.”
Sherlock threw his head back and belly laughed. John joined him laughing, slid down to his knees so he could wrap his arms around Sherlock’s waist, and bury his head against his belly. The laughter faded, they stayed that way, rocking slightly, for a few minutes.
John laughed a sound more like a few huffs of air. He reached up to place his hands on Sherlock’s face again, this time bending his fingers slightly so he could feel a few dark curls between his fingers. He looked up into the stunning blue green eyes of the man he loved so much and said, “All right. You asked for it.”
Sherlock stammered out, “I...I...eugh...just nevermind,” he finished, exasperated and frustrated.
They met at a flat in Brooklyn. It was small but with gorgeous light and an exposed brick wall. When Billy showed up John’s brain supplied,
After several minutes of shouting abuse, the previously unseen person marched through the apartment door and into the hallway and into John’s view. His hands were bound in front of him. He was a model, had to be. He looked to be barely ‘of age’ and wore extremely tight orange denims and a white polo. He looked at John and the corners of his mouth tipped up slightly. “Good luck finding them,” he sneered.
John tilted his head and winked, “You.”
“John!” Sherlock surged forward and wrapped his arms around John’s waist. John’s chest heaved huge breaths. He could do nothing but sit on his heels, rest his head on the tile, and breathe. Sherlock kissed and kissed over his shoulder and neck, murmuring, “All right? Are you all right?”
John absolutely knew what Sherlock was doing in that small room.
He put on Sherlock’s dressing gown and picked up his phone to read messages from Greg. Mycroft’s second raid of the night had gone well and he had news of more arrests and rescues. He proposed they meet in the afternoon. John noted the time and was glad that they had a few hours until midday. He wanted to make sure Sherlock slept, ate, hydrated. He also wanted to have a serious talk and assess Sherlock’s mental state, as much as he could, in light of the trauma and drugging.
“I was thinking the same about you,” Sherlock said softly.
John made sure Sherlock drank another glass of water, swallowed the pills, and sat up a bit so he could drink his tea without spilling. He hummed his appreciation for the tea and said quietly, “Thank you, John.”
He raised his chin so bite down on Sherlock’s earlobe, moaned, then whispered, “You make me feel so good, you’re amazing, brilliant. There’s no one like you, you’re the only one. I adore you.”
“Can you walk? Can you follow us?”
“Nope, you are wearing that.”
“Some people really enjoy these,” said the flirtatious, mustachioed salesman, leaning into Sherlock's personal space.
and Twitter at
He texted “I’m out.”
“Thank you.”
“Not hungry,” John said.
“Yeah, we met.” John didn’t elaborate on his embarrassing first encounter with the woman.
, he thought,
John hissed, “What the fuck is going on?”
“OH!” John yelled, when Sherlock’s finger had gone deep enough to graze the edge of the swollen, greedy gland.
“Mmm, let’s,” he purred, turning John’s hand and kissing the inside of his wrist. “Like I said, you’re beautiful.” John made a small noise, neither agreeing or disagreeing. “Your hands are small but expressive. And competent,” he said with a wink. “Capable of inducing strong orgasms.” John made another small noise like a scoff but continued to stare up into Sherlock’s eyes with his lips parted, breath slightly ragged. “Your fingers know your camera’s every switch and dial and button. So sexy to watch you work, John.”
“Hungry, love?”
Sherlock looked at John, who had heard the intended insult. John’s smile was tight in that dangerous way of his, but he remained calm. Sherlock said, “Tough guy,” and John nodded.
John pulled off and lay his head on Sherlock’s hip. He moved his fingers slowly inside Sherlock.
“Of course not.” He closed his eyes for a moment and sighed, “I wish I felt better. I would take advantage of your current state.”
“God, John.”
*When Sherlock got an email from a potential client for a case in Serbia. He went still for so many minutes that John, who was on his own laptop at the desk, noticed.
They learned everything they could about the Agra offices in Bloomsbury from an internet search. Then they visited D. I. Lestrade at New Scotland Yard, a first time in the famous building for John. They shared handshakes and greetings in his third floor office. “Call me Greg,” he said.
“I did.”
Sherlock woke slowly feeling relaxed and rested. He looked over at John, who was facing him. It was early. John would sleep for a while longer. Sherlock was more than content to simply watch his snoring love.
“Ha ha,” he said humorlessly. “You don’t know what it’s like. You are lonely, but not alone. You are thrown into a place where almost everyone wants you to die, except for your fellow soldiers. It changes you, and you disobey the rules.” He smirked, “because it feels fucking good to do something bad.”
“What are we going to do now?” Sherlock asked, a rare admission of bewilderment.
Maybe he just needed some air, or a few days to remember that there was something that had kept him with Sherlock for all of these years.
John looked at him but didn’t laugh at Sherlock’s lame joke. Sherlock’s face dropped and he rushed over to John. He knelt down and kissed John’s cheek, “Please, John, I’m sorry, I love you. I’m sorry.” Sherlock hugged him as tight as he could until John raised his arms and hugged him back.
I tried to roll my eyes but I wasn’t sure that my face didn’t drop when I thought of the loneliness of my life before. I hadn’t recognized it as such, but I truly did not feel lonely anymore now that John was in my life. In my flat. In our flat. With me at work.
“It’s okay, you can tell me sometime. But what I do know is that you have a bit of a crush on the good detective.” John smiled warmly. He was teasing, but he wanted to lighten the mood, make Sherlock smile.
John rested his hand in Sherlock’s hair and said, “G’night, love.”
John panted, “Fuck. Oh my god. Fuck.”
The edges of Sherlock’s lips quirked slowly. John released their hands and put one behind Sherlock’s neck and reached up to softly lay his other along his jaw. He rubbed his thumb slowly along his bottom lip while Sherlock looked at him, hungry and half-lidded.
After a quick strip of yesterday’s suit, I slipped on sleep trousers, my favorite (only) t-shirt, and the red dressing gown. John hadn’t seen that one yet. I wondered what his eyes would do when he saw it. It was rather a lot for one man to have several £500 silk robes, but John would most likely learn about Mummy’s gift-giving at some point.
“...good...this quarter’s finished.”
on Tumblr.
Sherlock said to her, “It’s not you. He likes cock, and you don’t have one. Good night.”
The model assessed him with grey (
“Please stop acting like an arse, turn around, and let me help you.”
“Who are you guys?” said Greg.
John shivered. He reached for Sherlock to pull him back down on his lap. Sherlock sat on John's thighs and stared at John's erection. He'd never get tired of that, it was simply the most arousing sight he could think of.
“Hmm,” John hummed.
A small sob escaped his lips despite his best efforts to keep all of his emotions bottled up. “Sherlock…”
on Tumblr.
It had only been two weeks, but it was the most intense relationship either of them had ever had. John felt like he was desperately in love with the Major, but he convinced himself it was too soon. It was the war. The adrenaline. It was the way James smelled. They had chemistry - gorgeous, smoking hot, sexual chemistry. But it couldn’t last so John made sure he was present, feeling everything. He engaged full-on with each moment as it happened.
“I remember the first time you ever put your hands on me. You first touched me on my cheekbones, then my lips,” Sherlock whispered.
They didn’t speak as John removed Sherlock’s skates, got his shoes, put them on, and tied them. They quietly walked towards the exit and hailed a cab. They spent the next several hours seeing two different doctors. X-rays. Splint. Bandage. Pain meds. His distal radius was broken and no surgery was required, thankfully. He was in extreme pain whenever the lower part of his arm moved, but he would die before anyone would see evidence of that on his face or the pattern of his breathing.
John didn’t fight the full body shiver in response to just one word from this beautiful man. He pulled back and grinned up at him. He raised his voice and said, “I love a Scotsman.”
“I have to go into my mind palace, it must be deleted. I have to delete it. Delete. Erase. Delete. Oh god,” he babbled.
John’s stomach flipped violently at the sound of Sherlock’s gorgeous, smooth voice. He hadn’t heard that voice for weeks and he felt it rumble from his gut, through his groin, and down to his toes.
Sherlock nodded.
A small eternity passed while he stood and pretended not to see the blue-yellow-black of his own curls on 10 x 15 glossy paper.
“You loved each other.”
Sherlock smiled, “Looking.”
John quickly grabbed his bicep and spun him back around. John pushed his back flush against the door jamb and kissed him again, insistent but so tender. John had his hands wrapped around his waist so Sherlock encircled John’s neck with both arms. Lowering his arms, John rubbed his hands over Sherlock’s arse. John mumbled, “You are so gorgeous. Your arse is criminal.”
After the beautiful burn and the sublime stretch, John rocks up and down, back and forth, savoring the delicious drag of their slow movements.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Took you long enough,” I mumbled and went to sit in my chair.
Both would be nursing slight hangovers, John’s a bit worse than his. They needed tea. Sherlock kissed the top of John’s head and said lowly in his ear, “Case, John.”
“You printed this.”
Sherlock took Victor’s hand in his and said, “Yes,” already walking towards the women and escape from this nightmare.
“What?” he snapped.
He bowed his head so he could look into John’s eyes, as he used one finger to lift his chin. “It’s adorable.”
“What? We haven’t ordered our mains.”
“We need more champagne,” Sherlock said.
Angelo brings the wine himself, fawning all over them, telling them that he’s made something very special tonight. He bought the freshest tomatoes he’d ever seen at the market that morning. He would be honored if they would try the special dish. They, of course, agree. They hand the menus back and settle in for a toast. “Cheers,” they say, smiling softly at one another before sipping the delicious malbec.
“An artist too? Incredible.”
Sherlock groaned and tried to reach for Victor. His hands still bound could only grasp at the air. Ketamine, he thought, must be the addition to the cocaine. He hadn’t ever done them together but had dabbled with K and Molly. There was something else too, maybe GHB. Thankfully he was coming down a bit and turned to Victor.
“The Detective Inspector was still quite miffed this morning, but I made it up to him.” Mycroft smirked and gazed off into the distance.
Victor.
Sherlock nodded. “He’d known about James Wilder faking his death ten years ago. He always gets informed about unusual Mi5 agent activities. What he didn’t know was what Wilder was doing with Mary.”
“She talked to someone, on the phone I think, about setting up an appointment for me. I believe that if I go to that appointment, I’ll be the next victim. Of course, with you on the case with me, that won’t really happen.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John turned, and wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock’s waist and brought their foreheads together. “I know you’re sorry now.” He looked profoundly sad and he wouldn’t look at Sherlock’s eyes.
John placed his hand in the center of Sherlock’s heaving chest and straightened his arm. It was a classic rugby block. “Stop.”
He walked through the door and yes, he found Sherlock on the bed. Not only was he not naked, he was still almost fully dressed. John looked at him with a mixture of fondness and frustration.
he needed. He didn’t need more...cocaine, John guessed...he needed sleep and some food.
Greg stood stock still, heart racing. It was everything he wanted.
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock looked down at himself and said quietly, “This was the first day we met.”
As he drifted off to sleep, he heard the slightest whisper from Sherlock’s lips, “”Night, John.”
Sherlock walked over and patted John's head in agreement.
“I think you can guess.”
“Deadhead them.”
Well, one part of him in particular.
There was one other doorway in the small hallway. He tried the doorknob. He opened the door slowly, revealing a dark room with nothing but a very sturdy metal bed frame with a thin mattress thrown overtop. He snapped a couple of photos before he shut the door and left down the stairwell all the way down to the ground floor.
“Let me go, I feel faint. I need bleach. Eye bleach.”
John looked a bit embarrassed. “It’s like, now that we’re together, the creeps are coming out of the woodwork,” he said.
His brows knitted together and he scrunched up his nose in one of John’s most favorite expressions his beautiful face could make. John knew he was smiling dopily at his love, but he didn’t care one whit.
I took a deep breath and opened my bedroom door to join John in the kitchen. As I suspected, the fry up was almost complete. Mushrooms, tomatoes, beans, bacon, toast, and a fried egg being deposited on top. Considering John’s Scottish heritage, I had considered he might add a blood pudding, but no. Pity that.
Sherlock could see his brows furrow, lips tighten. He was going to apologize.
“I would like…,” he said tentatively. So tentatively, apparently, that John looked up at him. “...to talk. To you.”
“You mean me.”
It’s only a few weeks after they’ve moved in together. They head to Angelo’s after solving another satisfying case. John teases Sherlock gently about the suspect. It’s incredible the way he incriminated himself, and the clever way Sherlock made the man actually feel good about confessing. John knows that it is Sherlock’s kindness that made him do it that way. Sherlock must think he’s hiding it pretty well, but he lets some of his heart show now and then. John is always looking for it.
When the inspection was over, Sherlock lunged for John, grabbing at the back of his head and his arse again to pull him close into a searing kiss. He was hot, so hot. His chest heaved with loud breaths as his hands roamed all over John’s body. Their cocks rubbed along hip bones and lower abdomens, but when they came into contact, both of them gasped throwing their heads back in sync.
He didn’t want to let John know that he was constantly surprised by his friend. He sniffed. He tried to think of a haughty reply that would end this conversation and give him the upper hand, as usual. But he really, really wanted to know the truth.
he had been surprised to realize his true feelings. Even on the roof. Even seeing John weep at his empty grave. Even then he didn’t know. He thought his feelings were friendship. Real. Strong. True friendship.
“Sherlock,” he said reaching for his sleeve, “all right?”
“You can ride me right here in this chair. Feel every bit of me inside of you. I’m close - oh, god,” he cried out and spilled out between them. Sherlock kept his grip tight and thrust twice more against John’s jumping cock. He stilled, moaned loudly, and came over John’s stomach and chest.
“Shower?”
“John,” he moaned.
My first 5+1. Thanks for reading! I am
John stood in the afternoon light, in front of the windows that looked down on Baker Street. He had his hands in his pockets, casually looking around, waiting for Sherlock’s attention probably. Attention, yes, that’s what he was going to get. His full, hard, complete attention.
Sherlock lowered himself down and stretched out to lay on the sand next to John. John ran his hands up from his ankle to hip. Sherlock raised his eyebrows. John gently stroked between his legs. He bent his knees slightly to give John access to his bum. John’s fingertips teased his arse, up over his balls and along the semi-hard length of his cock. He hummed.
John laughed. “Not into gritty footjobs then, sweetheart?”
“It helps me think,” I tried.
A loud, high shriek caused them to part lips. Though they were startled, their hands remained on each other but they both turned towards the awful racket.
Sherlock jabbed his toe into the figure. He thought it was a hip, probably.
(See the end of the chapter for
He groaned. “Terrible.”
“Let’s not.”
“Come now. What ever will we do with the next sixteen hours?”
“God!” Sherlock said, curling himself tighter.
Jack, startled, whipped his head around to look at John. John smiled warmly, reassuring.
John giggled, kissed his lips, and said, “Sweetheart, you’ve got come in your hair.”
Before I met John, I did not have a body. I did not enjoy food or drink or sex. He has provoked in me cravings like I have never felt.
“What?” John looked confused and so sad.
He thought about that. “Actually, no, I don’t think I do.” After a long, long time and many photos later John said quietly so no one else could hear, “I guess I feel a bit...affectionate towards you.”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days.”
He looked up and stared at me for a long moment. “No, I suppose not,” he said, forlorn.
“You’re my best friend too,” Sherlock said, “but I don’t want to kiss you.”
Jack laughed at the right times, but didn’t speak. John hadn’t even heard his voice yet.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was looking at something on his own mobile. He turned the screen towards Sherlock. Gorgeous blue water, sandy beach, blue skies. Like a tropical paradise.
) with such dark curls. He never stopped moving, swishing his coat about, fingers fidgeting, rapidly blinking as he took in the space.
Sherlock smirked as he pulled out a cigarette. He looked tired. He should probably go get some sleep, but there was no way John was going to suggest that.
“What does that mean?” he asked.
Sherlock looked pleased.
John stood at the stove, frowning as he stirred his soup. Sherlock watched the rain fall and wondered how to get John to stop frowning.
Sherlock draped even further over his back as the shivers of his orgasm waned. John was warm and soft under him, placing small kisses on Sherlock’s forearm where his head still rested.
“Yeeeess,” John drawled and nodded, prompting him.
“Follow me, I’ll take you to him.” Out of seemingly nowhere another tall, beautiful woman came to stand behind the reception counter. This one paid them no mind and Sherlock followed the first one up the stairs.
“You're fucking gorgeous. I have you. You're mine.” John reached his hands forward and buried one hand in his hair and one slithered around his throat. Both hands tightened, pulling his hair sharply. Sherlock’s neck, exposed, fit perfectly in John's palm. “Give it to me. It’s mine,” John said, thrusting quickly in short, shallow bursts. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s neck, not enough to restrict air flow, but the hinted suggestion that John could if he wanted, was enormously erotic.
Beside him, Greg muttered, “Of course.”
“Where?” said Sherlock.
on Tumblr.
After a long silence, John said, “Why did you need him?” He raised his eyebrows to enhance the innocent look of his face. I’d let him think it worked on me. Of course, I knew exactly what he was getting at. The drugs bust. Damned Lestrade and Anderson. My new friend was more observant than I thought.
Their plan included John, James, and James’ unit traveling to the village where the General and the Operative grew up. The unit would administer medical care to the locals, while an elite group of men and women would surprise the General and Operative where they were hidden in a room above the grocer.
Sherlock smirked. He turned around to rummage through an opened drawer.
Judging from his smirk, Mycroft seemed to be able to read his mind (
John chuckled and pulled him down for a soft kiss. Sherlock placed his hands over John’s ears and deepened the kiss. A moment later, they were both breathing heavy and Sherlock’s cock was rising to meet John’s hip.
He wrenched open the bedroom door and walked down the hallway to locate his friend.
To hear the words out loud was mortifying. I squeezed her hand softly and she dropped mine. I looked away, into the room that was still cluttered with boxes and papers, evidence of two lives coming together.
“Yes, yes of course. Shit, I’m sorry Sherlock I-“
“Abby has been promised to another alpha but I suppose he could be persuaded to take my brother instead.”
“Of course that was quite extraordinary.”
John smiled softly.
John bit his lip accepting the leather lead from one of the slavers and a black duffle from the other with a slight snarl of “Mine” directed at the handlers and turned to leave.
“I underthtand”
Sherlock's eyes wide with fear had frozen, toothbrush hanging out of his mouth, wet curls dripping on his naked chest, bare leg propped on the sink counter, a bottle of lotion in his hand.
Walking to the kitchen John sat down at the table and pushed a second chair slightly away from the table for the omega.
“Yeth Jawn”
“Love, can you lay on your stomach please I would like to see your back.”
A half-hour after John had deposited the thin boy on the mattress the nest was complete and Sherlock was perched on John’s lap, bare-chested from the feverish warmth of heat sipping on his mug of tea and stealing the occasional bite from John’s sandwich. It would be the last time for the next few days they would have the time to actually prepare the drink and both males relished their warm cups.
Sorry I am just now posting, this chapter was a little rushed. Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome below!
“Why can’t I remember you?”
The blond smiled and let a contented growl escape his throat as he once again poured handfuls of water over his omega’s curls.
“Disobedient one?”
“You’ll let me netht for heat?”
“John I got some stuff for you even though I did tell you to get it yourself I just didn’t want you to forget anything. Oh I got some chocolates, my sister was an omega and she always wanted sweets between rounds in her heat I don’t know if your Sherlock will like them but-“ the beta stopped rambling and finally looked to the sofa and saw the not quite cowering but defiantly apprehensive omega.
John nodded his head pulling the purple sweater over his omega’s black curls. Sherlock smiled weakly and licked John’s palm gratefully.
John sighed rubbing at his face a digging his knuckles into his eyes. The boy at his feet shifted pressing his face into John’s calf nuzzling again the fabric and whimpering softly. It suddenly hit him. He didn’t even know if his omega could understand him, or speak. No, he understood his eyes showed that but perhaps again he had to be given permission to speak?
“Extra time for what?”
The dark-haired omega barrelled into his alpha throwing himself around John’s chest as if someone was going to physically drag the blond alpha away from him.
Reaching tenderly John cupped a single pale foot in one hand and immediately understood the boy’s fear. The pale feet had been caned quite recently and quite badly, open slashes torn across the delicate soles, dirt and pebbles in the open flesh.
The omega tipped his head in thought and then nodded slowly
“Sherlock would you quit you already-oh”
“Anywhere else you want slash need to go?”
John growled again at the man and ducked his head down to Sherlock’s.
“Sherlooooooooooooooooooccccck” the boy snorted at his alpha’s drawn-out whine.
“Andre?” Sherlock looked up quickly “Molly!” He whispered a small smile gracing his lips.
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the mattress towel to his left, his slender hands working with a comb in an attempt to detangle his wet curls.
“Yeth mathter, thank you mathter”
The hand tightened its grip and this time Sherlock didn’t manage to hold back a small yip of pain.
“Mathter? pleathe don’t mathter?” The boy extended his legs reluctantly while still twitching back and trying to keep his feet away from the large alpha.
Propping his head up on a pillow John early plundered the pink lips above him savoring the taste when a heavy pounding on the front door stopped them short.
The first smack had the omega yelping in surprise, unlike his last spanking John had decided to used his belt for this one. The cold leather snapped hard across the plush mound of his arse and brought more tears to the boy’s silverly eyes.
But then the alpha had gone and had a heart attack and nine-year-old Sherlock had been found two days later still crying over his master’s lifeless body.
Sherlock pulled on the silk robe relishing in the glorious feel on his freshly washed skin.
“Do you want anything else?”
The boy was bloody gorgeous.
Slipping his hand from the omegas grip John moved down the body pressing kisses to every scar and bruise. He pressed line after line of kisses over each lash mark willing the scars to leave and furious with the alphas who had made them.
“You know why love, you can’t be in the room while I talk to my patients. It would be an invasion of their privacy. That’s why they have this area.” The alpha gestured to the wide-open room.
Sherlock relived himself gratefully and refastened his trousers. Kneeling down the boy looked up at John with big eyes and thanked him.
“Love?”
“An-nd you wouldn’t thell them?”
Sherlock scooted further backward until his entire body was flush against his alpha’s and stared at the night sky peeking from behind the bedroom curtain.
John smiled softly and nodded. “Of course Love.”
“I’m sorry love, please say you’ll forgive me?”
“OBEY SHERLOCK”
“Mhmm. Yes, love?” John nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck scenting the omega.
“Jawn?”
Movement on the platform drew his attention as cage after the cage was lined up across the long stage. Twelve men five women. Women sold quicker and were rarely returned, each with their heads partway bowed in the expected omega behaviour. Their hands and ankles restrained by metal cuffs and chains, men and women alike wearing only a black leather collar. Their skin was dirty slicked with oil, and dark hair greasy.
“ It was just a punithment, I wath being bad. Don’t take Jawn away I love him.” The boy’s voice broke on the last word his pink lips trembling.
“Okay, your welcome now go sit on the sofa.” The nuzzling stopped instantly and the slave crawled happily forwards to the sofa.
It was tight, far to tight it was a wonder the boy could breathe at all forget being able to speak. The silver buckle was fastened at the smallest hole at least four from where it should have been fastened to fit the boy’s neck comfortably. John reached forwards to the leather ignoring the whimper and flinch to unfasten the strap.
Sniffing Sherlock bent over the low sitting room table. Squeezing his eyes closed tightly Sherlock clenched his teeth. He was trembling John had yet to punish him on his own. It appeared that was about to change.
“Of course I’ll let you nest… did the other alphas not let you?”  He practicaly snarled the phrase ‘other alphas’
The truth?
Yipe don't hurt me for this one it just felt right.
“Did I tell you to stop?” Sherlock blinked once and realised what his alpha was referring to.
“Jawn!” The omega reached for the alpha. “That-tharting- thtarting my heat!”
Pup terminations (37)
“Y-yo-you want me to pick my punishment?” The omega turned to look at John for the first time eyes wide and fearful, picking his own punishment was the last thing he wanted to do. If he picked something too severe John would be sad if he picked something too gentle the alpha would be angry.
“Hell No!” The ex-soldier chuckled.
“I’ve had many alpha’s”
”No, no stop, shhhh, you don’t have to stand.” John soothed dropping to a crouch and gently petting the silky curls. Understanding dawned to the larger alpha, the boy would have felt his anger at the two handlers and not known whom it was directed at maybe even think it was directed at him.
John settled on the other end of the sofa and picked Sherlock’s head up in one hand before setting it back down on his lap.
The thin brunet omega looked first contrite and apologetic towards John, indigent at the insult, excited by the revelation of Sherlock’s name and ready to laugh and cry together at the last sentence. Instead, the woman threw herself around both Sherlock and John in a hug nuzzling into the younger omega’s neck tearily.
“It’s Sherlock”
As the omega reached to lace his own trainers his own hands were stilled caught by the tan calloused fingers of his alpha.
John growled launching himself out of the bed and into the shower, not bothering to wait for the water to heat up.
John growled instinctively wrapping his arms around the thin boy.
Opening his eyes he found himself face to face with John’s dark brown blue gaze. Seeing the omega awake John leaned forward to press a tender kiss on the omega’s lips and not quite knowing why Sherlock found the action completely natural and returned the kiss shyly.
surly he hadn’t…?
Second chapter is here! Sorry for the wait.
John started to answer in the affirmative but was cut off by Sherlock’s trembling whisper.
“I am puppy… who ith love?”
“Come on love, I need you to drink this before you nest.”
John refused breakfast in favour of mounting his omega on the sitting room floor.
Sherlock bit into his bottom lip as John left the room and waited until he could hear the Alpha in the kitchen to move.
Sherlock slept soundly as John put everything away, and made room for the omega’s clothes in his closet. A pleased growl rumbled deep in his throat at the sight of the smaller shirts and sweater hanging next to his larger clothes and the trousers folded in his drawer. He placed the make-up and hairbrush in a small basket on top of the dresser and the toothbrush next to his own. The birth control went in the toilet’s cabinet and the smaller pair of trainers under the bed next to John’s shoes.
“Love, you can talk if you want to, you don’t have to ask.” The slave relaxed slightly and opened his mouth.
The older man allowed his fingers to trail across delicate ribs and soothe tense muscles. Gently he peppered the bruised buttocks with kisses and allowed his tears to fall on the abused flesh. Working his way down John kissed the soles of the omega’s feet and rolled the boy tenderly onto his back before kissing his way back up the body paying particular attention to the cigaret on the boy’s thigh and the dark bruises just above the smaller omega’s groin.
The window behind the alpha made the golden hair sparkle and glow.
“You are an idiot.” Sherlock turned back to face John.
In all honesty he didn’t want to go. But Sherlock didn’t need to know that.
“Afghanithtan or Iraq?” The soft voice nearly whispered and then the boy cringed pulling away from John and curling in on himself. He wasn’t supposed to speak without permission. John for his part jumped and looked frankly quite alarmed.
The omega’s pink bow lips parted and tears started filling his eyes. Damn the hormones making him cry about everything
He was so young and so scared for pups he hadn’t even conceived yet.
Second Chapter as promised. I don't think I will be able to update everyday but so far that is the plan as I've nearly finished the entire fic and just need to edit each chapter before posting. Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are always welcome.
A tiny alpha female probably around four years old peered from behind her father and then seeing John stood tall and puffing out her tiny chest and dragging a small male omega of similar age with her.
He should have expected it. John, after all, was an alpha. Even Sean had punished him sometimes. Not quite so angrily but then again Sherlock had been much younger then. He was 16 now though and he should be able to remember to pick up his things.
(See the end of the chapter for
The moment the door closed behind Mike Sherlock attacked John’s mouth and started crying at the same time.
The omega hesitated and gave a slight nod into the alpha’s shoulder.
It was almost indecent and John found himself wishing he had specified what he had meant by ‘put something on’ .
“Yeah a Captain, RAMC. How’d you know?”
Soft coco coloured skin contrasted drastically with the boy’s own pale arms. The pups dark eyes blinked up at Sherlock and smiled with the few teeth he possessed.
“Alright” John hummed though I would like you to get off the phone soon we need to unpack all your stuff.
“Because love, calling someone ‘puppy’ isn’t nice. It’s cruel and I never want to be cruel.”
The instant Sherlock exited the bathroom he could tell John was devastated with what he’d done. He was pacing, his limp back more pronounced than ever and his left hand was practically spasming.
“really?”
‘’Puppy?’’
Last time he had gotten up before John, the alpha had gone into a frenzy panicking and shouting at him.ut then again the boy really had to use the loo and he doubted John preferred for him to have an accident in the bedroom.
Sherlock stayed awake for a long, long time just feeling John’s ribcage rise and fall. He wondered,
John just laughs, and waves his wine glass in Sherlock’s direction. “Nevermind.”
Sherlock crawled up to sit on his lap, curling up in his arms, head resting on the back of John’s chair. They stayed like that for many minutes, John smoothing his hand up and down Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock didn’t miss the insult in the statement. A “real man” wouldn’t drink something purple with an orchid in it. A “real man” drank whiskey, probably bourbon (On ice! As if!). Well, Sherlock hadn’t been self-conscious about his sexuality or his love for fruity drinks in a very long time. He did not accept insults from anyone, but especially not a limp-cocked bigot with a girlfriend that wouldn’t even look at him.
“I mean, yes. Starving. Dinner. Now.”
He turned to Anderson, “Let me know when you find the friend. He’ll either work in a lab, be an amateur sushi chef, or be a herpetology enthusiast. John.” He swept from the room and John followed.
He watched her back as they led her out of the building. He un-crossed his arms and made his hands into tight fists. He caught Greg’s eye.
“What was the name of the other model who disappeared?”
“I was distracted.”
“Nah, you’re the world’s only consulting detective,” John tried to mimic his deep voice, but gave up in a fit of giggles. “You’re my world’s only Honeybum.”
“What? What what looked like?”
“Hold them both,” John said, as he thrust up and curled Sherlock’s large palm and fingers around them. Their cocks were both thick, but his hands were large. They were so turned on that Sherlock knew it would be a matter of minutes, if not seconds that this would be over.
Sherlock listened as his beautiful, strong beloved’s breathing grew slow and deep and silently thanked the universe that John Watson loved him back.
“It’s good to hear your voice,” Sherlock said softly.
“Sweetheart, please.”
Sherlock continued, “I missed you so much. I was so alone without you. I needed you.” He amended, “I need you.”
Itchy. His eyelids fluttered. His whole face felt hot. The skin around his nose and mouth was tight and prickly. His eyes were irritated by every movement of his eyelids. Slowly, as he regained his ability to observe, to think, he realized two things. He must be allergic or sensitive to whatever Mary drugged him with, whatever chemical was on that damned piece of paper. And he was in a moving vehicle.
“I thought...the only thing I could...I only thought of…” John stopped pacing and blew out a long breath. He walked towards Sherlock and sat down on the coffee table with a thump.
John looked down at the two mugs in his hands and handed them to Sherlock without making eye contact. His lips were tense and there was slight furrow between his brows.
on Tumblr.
“Yep.”
“We’re almost there.”
“You don’t have to, I was just thinking…”
Sherlock was angry.
“You did the dishes.”
I hit send without a second thought, then sighed when I realized I was unhelpfully reminding my new infatuation of my former, not-at-all-a-problem, habits.
Sherlock walked over to him and John stood up and held out his right hand. Instead of taking John’s hand, Sherlock put his hands on John’s shoulders, leaned in, and kissed both of his cheeks. “Hello, John.”
As we ate, conversation was easy. He asked me about my university days but I was hesitant to divulge much beyond my course of study. He seemed to sense my reticence and immediately changed the subject to Mycroft.
John’s eyes fluttered open and he smiled.
“Oh god, yes, please.”
John sleepily pulled himself to sit between Sherlock’s spread legs. John couldn’t help but run gentle hands across Sherlock’s chest down across his hips and thighs to rest on his knees. John looked at his gorgeous love, a relaxed and sweet grin on his face.
John pulled his head away and moved his hands up to Sherlock’s head, guiding him back a little bit so that they could look at each other.
John. Trusting John. After a long sleep, he was in such a good mood. He listened to music and made Sherlock tea for once. John hummed and slowly read the paper. He’d nicked Mrs. Hudson’s Daily Mail and enjoyed tutting at a photo of a busty blonde in a tiny hat.
“What about Lestrade?”
It was a big risk, and if the odds were as I thought, I’d lose him as a flatmate. It had only been a few days. I would probably get used to him being gone. Perhaps if I acted professionally friendly, assured him that I would not bring up the subject of romance again, he would consider remaining my friend and work partner. Those odds were larger than 27% surely. I needed to tell him.
“Liked that, did you?” John was a bit more coherent, having come first.
“Yeah, no, I’m not.”
Unsurprisingly, John nodded. “Yes, yes, yes,” he chanted between quick kisses to his lips. Sherlock shoved the lube in the general direction of John’s hand.
He must have dozed a bit. He awoke with his face smashed up next to the back of the couch with a blanket over him.
As my mind wrapped itself around this new reality, I realized that I had not considered the possibility that John Watson would be eager to date, would be able to pull said date, and that I would be a witness. Inwardly, I cursed my stupidity.
Live happily together. Forever.
She giggled and he was charmed. One thing about Mary, from that first moment, she’d always been able to read him.
John had put on his best suit in preparation for their date. Sherlock took one look at him and removed the suit. Well, just the trousers. Well, actually, he just tugged the trousers down around John’s hips because he just had to have John in his mouth
John sniffed. A sharp inhale from one side of his nose, and half of his mouth followed his nostrils movement. Like a bull after hearing ‘Olé’.
He mumbled as he turned to one of the photograph-covered walls, “I suppose I’m not most people.”
Then they were kissing, John’s hand back on them, much more slick now. John was thrusting and kissing and gripping them tightly. They rocked together in a rhythm with one goal. This was not a time for teasing or drawing it out. This was a time for imminent crashing climaxes.
I stared at our hands clasped together between us.
John reached for Sherlock’s face, placing a small peck on his lips. He said, “You were using the wrong side. It’s seventeen centimeters long...which really isn’t that long, actually.”
He stood there in the doorway, wearing pajama bottoms and his dressing gown. He kept his hand on the doorknob and his other hand clenched in a fist at his side. His hair was sticking up in the back, as if he had been rousted from sleep. Which he had. Despite the indignity of his hairstyle, he glared down at Sherlock with unblinking midnight blue eyes. He stared for a full 60 seconds, during which his breathing became more rapid, but he never blinked. Sherlock was caught in his sights and could do nothing but try to breathe and hold his eyes. Despite his deep respect, and maybe fear, for this John Watson, he tried to convey a look of cool nonchalance.
Sherlock could see the signs of adrenaline coursing through John as he spoke, but he held steady and his fingers barely trembled, “I am in love with you, I have been for a very long time, if you don’t feel the same, it’s okay. I’m just so very tired of hiding it. I believe we can still live together and be friends, but I had to tell you. I’m sorry, I’ll go now and let you think about this.” At that, John had stood up, nodded once and walked out the door and down the stairs to the street.
*When Sherlock was on a case, solved it, but hadn’t eaten for 61 hours. His stomach was rejecting even the water John was forcing him to drink. He was nauseous but listened to John’s advice, because he was right.
“Also, it’s more fun.”
He heard strong thuds against wood, then more screaming. “Get your fucking hands off of me, you brute!”
But there was no way forward for John. Sherlock was not interested in John like that. He couldn’t have been more clear on that point.
Thanks to
John stared into Sherlock’s beautiful aqua eyes, with his own midnight blue ones. He stared for a minute longer, searching his face for a clue.
and Twitter at
Afternoon in Florida meant it was after dinner back home.
on Tumblr.
“Oh my god, I'll never open my eyes again. Leave me John, but first get me some bleach.”
The held onto each other, dragging ragged, rapid breaths in and out.
“It tickled,” Sherlock complained. So naturally John did it again until they were giggling and wrestling, each fighting to pin the other. Sherlock flipped them over and pinned John’s wrists over his head with his own large hands. He looked down at John with soft eyes and a big smile.
But when he returned John had gotten engaged and ultimately married, to someone Not Sherlock. He had tried, he tried to like her, to help them be happy. All he wanted was for John to be happy. He
John walked towards Sherlock, nodding. “You’re so beautiful and you look so affectionate in it. It comforts me when I look at it.” John seemed a bit embarrassed, but kept speaking in a gentle, calm voice. “I remember you touching my face. You made quite a strong first impression.”
it, for fucks sake.
“Is all of that public knowledge?”
on Tumblr, check it out!
Sherlock bucked and moaned and sped up his movements. He writhed and thrust his lower body, all the while coordinating his mouth and hand to give John the most perfect blow job he’d ever had the good fortune to receive.
“So when do we start?”
Sherlock heard the proprietor say this to John. He couldn’t quite make out John’s response.
“Excellent.” John raised his head and said, “Kiss me with your gorgeous mouth.”
“Until yesterday.”
Sherlock caught his wrist though, and pulled his hand up to his lips so he could place tender kisses along John’s knuckles. “Let me tell you about you.”
Sherlock was used to auditions. He’d walked for agents, designers, PAs, and other models. He didn’t know if it was because she’d caught him off guard or because he was currently trying to assess her involvement in the disappearance of his oldest friend, but he felt off-balance and stiff.
John’s whole body buzzed with tension. He looked over at Greg and raised his eyebrows. Surely they would go in now. Greg just pursed his lips.
“So hot,” Sherlock moans, lifting his head off of the pillow to receive a wet sloppy kiss.
Sherlock looked awkward, but smiled, “Not part of my disguise, but I had misplaced them and was pleased to find them so I put them on.”
“We heard shots and Mary screaming,” Greg said.
“All right, thank you everyone. Sherlock, thank you.”
“Yes, John,” he rumbled.
John looked over his shoulder and saw the shadow dog. He hummed noncommittally and closed his eyes.
Sherlock whispered into the other ear, “I'm going to fuck you now.” John spread his legs wider and hummed.
Sherlock shook his head, Victor just stared at them. Sherlock said, “They’ve been drugging us. I think he’s been here a week, maybe two. I just got here today...or yesterday.”
Sherlock says, quietly, “This wasn’t supposed to happen to me.”
“Let us know if we can do anything,” she said as they drifted away. They probably knew Sherlock would not appreciate their attention as John tended to him.
With that, John was shaken out of his mood. He released him but stayed close. His chest was heaving but he lowered his head and said again, “Sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He needed to concentrate and be really clever, and very careful, just a bit longer. He was almost finished. If he could elude capture and kill before he was killed, this would be his last target.
“I promise. You say the same.”
“Oh.”
“I know you are. I am too. But I’m done talking about this. Possibly forever.”
“Pajamas?”
John lifted his head, shifted his bite to Sherlock’s lower lip. Looking into Sherlock’s eyes, he pulled it into his mouth and sucked. Sherlock moaned lavishly.
John lifted his hand away and placed his fist to his mouth. He didn’t want to say anything yet. He found it somewhat gratifying that at least Sherlock regretted leaving his flat that night.
Light filters in through the windows and Sherlock knows it is mid-morning. He knows that it is close to 11 am. If he listened close enough to the sounds of the street – the bus, the delivery truck at the grocer next to Speedy’s – he would deduce the time down to the minute. But he’s distracted. He can’t concentrate on that right now. He’s finally got John in his bed. It’s been so many years and last night, well, last night they finally closed the very small physical gap (personal space was almost non-existent at that point) between them, and in fact, they merged into something that was quite the opposite of a gap.
“John, the other night I told you everything.”
He wanted to see the last place they knew Sherlock had been.
“God, John! You must think I’m the world’s strangest person.” John looked startled, he noticed with satisfaction. He knew he should try to keep his emotions tamped down but he was helpless against his own insecurities. “Why are you even here if you think I’m some kind of a freak? Huh?” he huffed.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighed, “I had asked him to help me find Victor. He said he was working on it, but he hadn’t made much progress.”
John squeezed his eyes, closed his mouth, smacking his lips a few times. His eyes opened and immediately found Sherlock's. His eyes went soft and with a small smile he said, "Hello, love."
Sherlock shook his head and said, “So you and James...” He raised his eyebrows.
“One of the guards drugging us was a creep. I’d like to forget his threats...and his stench.” Sherlock’s eyes flashed and his lips tightened into a line.
Sherlock was so close.
He seemed pleased and I swore there was a hint of blush coloring his ears as he turned without a word or a look back and left 221b for an unknown destination.
With tea at home unfulfilled, I decided to head to Speedy’s on the way to Barts. Molly would offer coffee but it simply did not compare to Speedy’s tea and Chelsea bun.
With a tall glass of water and several plain digestives, he returned to the bedroom. Sherlock sprawled on his back, sheet pushed down to his hips. He seemed to be sleeping soundly cradling John’s pillow. John flashed back to that night in New York, when the promise of kissing and sex seemed so imminent, only to find Sherlock asleep in his bed. His mind lingered on the disappointment and heartache of the weeks that followed Sherlock’s early morning exit. John was forever thankful that he’d gotten a second chance with the gorgeous man. Did that mean he was thankful to Mary for her devious ‘business’? He shuddered at the thought.
Sherlock was still laying on the sofa curled, slightly snuffling the furniture where John had sat for some scent of the Alpha.
Heat! His next heat could be any time now and as much as he liked this alpha so far he was terrified of the prospect. What if John didn’t bond with him and only wanted to breed him? By now he was willing to admit he would rather sleep with John than his old masters. But what if he became pregnant? His pups would be terminated again without a doubt.
In a moment the slightly shorter alpha was pressed against the wall John snarling in his face.
Impregnated:
“Its time to eat Love, here put this on.”
John felt his eyebrows raise in disbelief he knew the rules weren’t all that strict but that was just ridiculous.
The brown-haired boy stepped forwards oblivious to John’s posturing.
“What do people usually say?”
The omega spooned a small bite of strawberry yoghurt into his mouth and frowned at the squishy texture before hurriedly downing the rest. John appeared to be lost in thought staring blankly at the wall as he robotically spread jam over his toast for the 12th time. The jam was so evenly spread by now that Sherlock secretly thought it looked like something in an advertisement.  Sherlock nibbled at his own slice of dry toast unsure if he was allowed any butter and not wanting to interrupt John’s train of thought to ask.
“Thee cuddly and throng.”
“Okay love,” John placed the medicine box on the coffee table gently.
“Fine.” The boy rubbed his shoulders grimacing
Although the bee technically wasn’t in the cart. The omega had latched onto the stuffed toy and clutched one of the fluffy legs with his fist.
“Let me”
Finally, the boy shrugged his eyes closing off coldly his voice taking on a lifeless quality.
John smiled at the sight and wriggled closer until his prone body was pressed against the upright omega.
Sex: Male
“ yeth thank you,” and reaching with pale hands for the soft cloth. He gave the beta a genuine smile and she made a quick exit.
“Yeth Jawn”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the man and glanced at the hand on his shoulder.
A pink blush dusted over the boy’s cheekbones and John grinned.
His Own Omega
“NO!” Sherlock shouted and flinched when everyone stared at him.
“Why are you tho kind to me?”
“Promise?”
“So a friend of yours then?”
“My beautiful, beautiful, clever omega.” He whispered into the black curls. Sherlock felt tear unbidden slip down his face. His pups were safe, no one was going to kill them.
Mycroft moved confidently nosing the pale neck carefully and humming at the scent.
“Yes love,” John murmured pulling the curly head back to his chest and sniffing the air appreciatively. The scent was of warm honey, old books, and permeated the air with pure happiness. The omega slowly stilled his circling fingers and dropped to sleep in the alpha’s lap.
Friendly comments, questions or suggestions are welcome below!
“May I visit you again brother?”
Sherlock grinned tugging his royal blue jumper over his chest and turning back to the alpha now laying on his side.
Before paying for and exiting the store John mentally ran through everything they had placed in the trolley. Protein packs predominately chocolate, biscuits once again chocolate, a large pot of yoghurt, milk, jam, and several cans of beans. Non-foodstuff included three shirts, several t-shirts, two pairs of trousers, a pair of jeans, pyjamas, the purple sweater, several pairs of socks, pants, a purple toothbrush, hairbrush, birth control, and a plush bee John had grabbed on impulse.
It made another wave of shame crash over him. How had he hurt this beautiful boy, his mate, and omega?
“You ready to nest?”
He’d just disobeyed an order. And he’d talked back.
Bedroom? his sleepy mind suggested. Turning Sherlock buried his nose into John’s jumper clad chest and hummed.
“Bloody fantastic”
John kissed his omega possesivly ramming on last time into the pink pucker and came silently as the boy’s arse tightened around him.
He wouldn’t touch the boy unless he was certain it was entirely consensual, wanted, and clear-headed. The water quickly filled up the tub and John found himself once against standing over his tiny omega. He didn’t want the boy to crawl like a dog, and with his feet slashed like they were he certainly wasn’t going to force him to walk.
“Okay, now omeg-sherlock stand, undress, and walk to that exam table.”
“I- “ the omega collects himself “I love you” he whispered nuzzling into the muscular alpha.
Sherlock leaned forward slightly but didn’t let go of John’s hand. Instead, he met Mrs Hudson’s gentle brown eyes and looked for any sign of ulterior-motive. Seeing none he gave the beta a small smile, bit his lower lip and ducked his head before whispering
“Off now,”
“I’m sorry love, I forgot to feed you this morning. You should have said something.”
“Twenty-five” Sherlock lied.
The blond clapped an arm around the beautiful boy and laughed.
“I-i-i”
At some point, the small omega’s head had been held underwater possibly as punishment for some offence and as a result, was fearful of laying back in the water.
Greg was pacing back and forth hackles raised as Molly gently cleaned and bandaged the boy. He was still angry at John but he had at least listened to his explanation and accepted the fact that John knew he was wrong.
Freindly comments, questions or suggestions are welcome!
John did not release his hold.
“I’m Holly! And this is Jeremiah! I’m an alpha so I’m going to be big and strong someday like Dad. But Jeremiah is an omega and a boy liek Mum's friend she talks about so he’s won’t get so big but he’ll have an alpha to protect him like Dad Protects Mum!”
“Can I thill call Molly?”
The room they entered was cluttered, old, and yet clean. A rickety love seat sat across from a blue wingback chair. A metal exam table stood in the left corner, a desk to the right, and stacks of paper covered every centimeter of the old wood surface.
John growled in frustration lifting the omega off of him and yanking on a pair of jeans he had discarded of the floor the night before.
“How’s this…What is your birth name?” The boy sucked his plush bottom lip into his mouth worrying at it with downcast eyes until he finally answered.
“You want to hold him?” Mark held out the babbling pup from beneath the armpits with a knowing smile. The tiny beta only giggled kicking his cubby dark-skinned legs in the air.
The blond pounded hard and sloppy into Sherlock his hand pumping the boy’s small cock in time with his animalistic thrusts.
Sherlock woke when John’s knot deflated and instantly whined at the loss of fullness. Wriggling below the alpha he managed to wake the older male.
“I wasn’t talking to you”
Friendly comments, questions and suggestions are welcome below!
“Hmmm, no. Food only slows me down.”
John licked his dry lips and met the slave’s eyes. “Now I want you to answer me if you can, nod if you understand me.” The boy nodded slowly. “Can you speak?” The omega nodded and then shook his head and then stopped looking utterly confused with tears beginning to well up to his eyes.
Sherlock sat cowering in a butter-soft leather chair in the courthouse as John shouted at the secretary.
“No, no love it’s okay. You are allowed to miss him.”
“I want to. I want you. Pleathe John?”
Carding a hand through the omega’s silky curls John sighed. How was he supposed to fix this?
“Mrs Hudson! I- I need your help. Sherlock is going into heat and I didn’t have time to prepare any food or medication or anything. I need you to please go get birth control and protein packs, please. I can’t leave Sherlock!” Hands-on hips Mrs Hudson eyed the alpha
“Call me when you can” Molly called over her shoulder as she exited the cosmetics section.
Somehow even alpha pups made him feel slightly uncomfortable.
“That’s Alister, he basically runs the prison and you caught his eye. And as if it wasn’t enough that he decided he wanted to fuck you you had to go and piss him off.”
“Sherlock?”
“John Watson”
John furrowed his brow.
“Love, I’m not going to hurt you I promise, I’m not going to punish you for talking you may talk whenever you like. Please answer me.”
“Captain” the two alpha stood awkwardly watching the two older children scamper away into the house.
Okay I am SO SO SO sorry... Idk time got away from me and I've been working 14 hour days babysitting the past four days and when i got home I'd be so knackered I'd fall asleep in my clothes. Four year old boys have a lot of energy. And I don't think I ever want to see another episode of my little pony. (6 year old girl).
The omega in his arms was nearly asleep, John smiled as the boy nuzzled into his chest and humming and filling the air with the scent of content omega and prideful alpha.
“Mmm”
“Shut up prat”
Friendly comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome below.
“It-it thmells like him thill.”
John only laughed though and sat up scooping the omega into his arms and onto his lap. Smiling at the tiny squeak of surprise exiting Sherlock’s mouth.
The grey haired omega on the boy’s right said something that made Sherlock smiled shyly the other omega was a rather chubby woman with soft features and wild textured hair.
John reared up flipping them over and slamming the breathless boy onto the mattress.
And unless he knew how to hold his own he’d most likely be raped with the next week.
“No, Jawn isn’t their father. I had a different alpha, I haven’t seen them in nearly 8 months.” The boy’s words hitched in his throat.
A bit of lazy kissing and a hand job or two later the pair had exited the cooling water to dress.
“This your first littler?”
“J-Jawn wh-what are you doing” the boy stuttered as the large alpha began crawling towards the sofa, eyes dark and predatory.
“In Bed? You were six years old!”
“You’ll be back after?” The teenage boy questioned timidly, his plush lips trembling.
He needed to wash up though… it really wasn’t much just the pan, a rubber spoon, two forks, and two bowls. And the mugs from earlier he supposed. Twenty minutes tops… Slipping a hand under the omega’s legs he lifted the light body.
“Sherlock?”
The scars had healed thoroughly due to the bonding process and only new wounds remained. Latex ghosted over the slightly reddened backside. The alpha glanced up at John.
John gave the boy a small smile.
“Yeth Jawn” the whisper was barely audible.
Mycroft grimaced.
“Love?”
“How long till dinner?”
Both males took in a deep breath to calm themselves. John pushed forward and oh fuck oh hell he was right there.
On the fourth morning, Sherlock woke as John slipped out of the omega and felt a familiar dull warmth in his abdomen.
John wanted pups, Oh he really did, his heart swelled at the idea of the tiny infants and the thought of them being both his and this wonderful boy’s.
“What about when you're angry?”
Sherlock supposed he would have to wait and find out.
“You want your bee still?”
Suddenly Sherlock twisted around straddling John’s lap to face his alpha.
“Yes, Love whatever you like.” John smiled reassuringly at the thin boy.
“Yesterday.”
He watched as John coaxed the omega to release his death grip on John’s neck and drink the tea. Still refusing to vacate John’s lap the omega sipped the tea timidly head lowered and casting fugitive glances at Mike.
A gentle hush of breath escaped those heart-shaped lips and a surprisingly deep voice filled the room bouncing off the cinderblock walls.
“Love, are you okay go sit in the sitting room and wait for me?” John asked desperately needing a moment to collect himself.
John sat the thin body down and backed away.
“Very, he had a huge houthe all white marble, I used to love playing hide and theek with him in it.”
The dark-haired boy pressed his thighs together harder and whimpered. Realization dawned on John.
John grimaced and spooned another mouthful of squishy orange something or another into his mouth.
“Yes mathter”
“Not instantly just start wrapping up.”
John’s eyes hardened further the cocoa skinned omega flinched unsure if the blond alpha she had sought protection it would give in to the offer. It was easy money and it certainly wouldn’t be the first time. The pale male omega pressed against her was trembling she burrowed their bodies together.
The man raised his head from the boy’s neck.
The older blond gasped. “That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. That’s not how the human body works. I’m a doctor I should know. Your transport are you kidding me?”
So he did the thing that came most naturally to his alpha nature. He scooped up the thin body bridal style and carried the softly humming omega into the bathroom. The boy made no protest, save a slight hiss of surprise as he was lowered into the warm water. The omega was completely calm docile as John washed his body only flinching if the alpha moved too quickly and only tensing momentarily as John ran a rag across his groin and buttocks. But when John went to lower his head in the water to wet the curls the omega thrashed, backing away fanatically and squishing himself into the corner of the tub whining and whimpering.
First heat: April 2013
Sherlock questioned softly swinging his feet above the floor.
“We were trying to make a cake… I made a mithcalculation.”
“Yeth Jawn”
“You hurried through dinner and shaved immediately after, likely to reduce the chance of stubble burn, You — Oh JAWN! “
“Mmmmm” Sherlock purred nuzzling into the heavyweight above him.
The boy dropped back to his knees willingly stretch his neck out for John to fasten the smooth collar. It fit perfectly soft and breathable around his skin. Practically purring Sherlock nudged his head at John’s hand and gave it a small lick.
“Breed me, fill me! Your pupth I want your pupth!” The omega moaned panting with each thrust from the alpha. John’s hands explored the omegas smaller penis rolling the pale pink head softly between his fingers inhaling the omega’s sweet scent happily. With little effort, his knot swelled and filling the omega.
So for people asking why I won't be updating as much: One, school is starting back soon and I've got a lot of studying to do. Two, gymnastics and football. Three, I've got a secrect boyfriend... that my homophobic step-dad might literally kill me over if he found out about. and Four I've sortta become a nanny... or whatever it's called when a guy does it. I watch these kids all day on the weekends and stay at their house.
Sherlock adjusted his stance immediately, cradling the small bundle to his chest as a mother would.
“I’m thorry Jawn”  head drooping Sherlock stared at the tiled floor.
The omega whimpered and reached tentatively to John for comfort who placed the practically swaddled omega in his lap.
The omega pulled back “No John pleathe I don’t want to leave you! If you break the bond the pupth will die and If you give me back without breaking the bond I’ll die, and they will thell my pups. Y-You promised you wouldn’t let them pleathe pleathe don’t give me back” the omega was gasping for breath clutching painful at the alpha, nails digging into the tan flesh.
“Jawn?”
“Lay down and close your eyes”
“Hmmm, Jawn?” The omega boy looked up a small smile on his lips.
John squared his shoulders and nodded in acceptance of the apology.
“You really think so?”
“It’s fine I need to get to my shift at the surgery, I can tell them you need a bonding leave?”
“No Sherlock, love I told you it wasn’t your fault I shouldn’t have spanked you over something so stupid.”
“Thank you” the girl whispered sliding back to the floor. She didn’t make eye contact. “I was with my brother but I lost him in the crowd and then he found me.” The girl nodded her head to the sulking teenager. “I know I’m not supposed to run but I’m already promised to another alpha and- “ John shushed her gently.
At least, he thought silently, he could give his omega a proper home. He couldn’t free it, that was illegal, but he could take care of it, feed it, keep it safe like a proper alpha was meant to do. When he had first arrived they had asked his preferences on a stack of paperwork.
The dark-skinned man held up his hands in an ‘I mean no harm’ way and sat slowly into the wingback chair.
“Shhh shhh Love, what’s wrong?”
“Sherlock” John growled lowly. “Hmmm?”
Sherlock popped his head up “And you need to shave.” The omega arched his back lazily.
John ran a hand through his short blond hair as he impatiently waited for the lift to reach the top floor.
“My other mathter’s thaid it made me a girl… except for Thean. He just thaid I wath too young and only let me wear it for thpecial dinner”
“Mol-molly thtop you’re crushing me” the raven-haired boy pleaded as John furrowed his brow in confusion. Molly pulled away from the couple and met John’s eyes again. “I’m sorry Sir, Andr-Sherlock’s masters in the past have been less than kind. I saw the state he was in and assumed the worst.”
“Yours!” Sherlock choked out his head hanging between the to of them pale chest heaving with heavy breaths.
“You’ll need mummy for that.”
Alone it the bedroom he snapped his teeth and punched the bed angrily.
“Can we go over to Molly and Alpha Lethrades house for dinner next week?”
“Yeth Jawn ?”
“Mike, he was half-dead, look at him, mate he is at least 40 pounds underweight, his back is covered in scars, and they had the collar so tight he couldn’t even speak. I couldn’t leave him.”
“Oh…”
“Hush. Love you need to listen to me and stop panicking so quickly.” The omega stilled and burrowed into John’s neck snuffling.
The white-coated John shifted in his seat.
“Love, you don’t have to call me master.” The boy’s eyes widened in panic.
“Jawn?”
“Love what are you doing?”
“Yes,” John answered for both of them still unsettled by this bold omega.
John yanked him to his feet.
Taking a gulp of tea from his RAMC mug John cleared his throat. “So, we need to go to the registration office, the courthouse, and then get you some cuffs from a shop. Sound about right?”
“What’s your name?”
“Long day was it?” The beta cabby tried with a smile.
“Jawn I- I think I’m” the omega seized John’s hand and pressed it against his abdomen.
The tiny boy shrieked with laughter as Sherlock tugged the small blue t-shirt back over the beta’s little belly.
“Shhhh” His alpha soothed. “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“Mhhhm yes love?”
“WHAT! WHAT IS IT SHERLOCK!”
“What are you doing.”
“What the h- Mike?” The tan solider’s eye cleared to see his friend and blushing a violent red and leapt to his feet snarling pushing Mike out the bedroom door and slamming it.
The dark-haired omega moaned at the sight drinking in the dark red colour and prominent veins.
Pale eyes complexity dark with need stared up at him.
John sat swiftly in his chair listening to Holly chat about a million and one things.
“Fifteen Sherlock, count backwards”
John groaned his member jerking up and very nearly stabbing the sleepy boy in the eye. Sherlock looking incredibly focused slid himself back up the alpha’s body and re-alined John’s cock with his hole.
The omega flinched and felt tears start to well up but he atleast he didn’t fall to the ground cowering this time.
” What was that love?”
The alpha scoffed “You are mistaken we only have a record of one bonding prior to today’s”
“Hmmmm”. Sherlock hummed in agreement his lips settled into a soft smile.
Wordlessly John ripped off his own clothing leaving chiseled tan skin bare, his muscles coiled and ready to pounce.
The dark alpha looked scandalized and intrigued.
“You need to get home don’t you?”
“Aw Watson you gotta be playing-“  he whined.
The pup begun rooting against the boy’s chest sucking eagerly on the purple sweater.
“Auction House”
“Can I call Molly later?”
After a shared bath that consisted mostly of cuddling until the water went cold and a quick shower to rinse the condition from the pair’s hair, they were seated in dressing gowns at the kitchen table eating in peaceful silence.
“Sherlock? Don’t you remember me?”
Iridescent swirling silver eyes peeked up at John the boy’s silky black curls tumbling down to try and hide them.
“N-not tonight love, we’re just gonna sleep tonight.”
The dark-haired boy was by no mean poorly endowed but he was after all an omega which meant even fully hard he would not choke a mature alpha. That being said an omega’s cock was every bit as sensitive as an alpha’s if not more so.
Irritated John pressed thin lips together.
Smutt is on it's way
‘Allowed on the furniture?’
“Arranged bond, Yusuf is a business partner of Father’s. I was given to him on my 18th birthday. He is quite sweet in private, it is only in public that he acts like an arse.”
“Can I give you my number? I’d like to see you again.”  The female omega was ignoring John her kind brown gaze focused on Sherlock who was at the moment toying with the plush bee’s antenna attentively.
John listened waiting for more explanation.
“Finish your tea love, we’ll need to bathe you”
“Mhmm yes,” John answered distractedly.
Nuzzling his face into John’s hand Sherlock curled his entire body upward to fill John’s lap with warm soft omega.
“We’ve got five” Greg announced pridefully. “Holly and Jeremiah were our first litter and these three are just about three months now. Holly is our little firecracker and Jeremiah our little mother hen, he never stops worrying over the pups. The other three don't really have much personality yet.”
“I think you gave my arse thubble burn.”
“About an hour till I’ll start cooking. Why?”
Mount, claim, mate, knot, bond, breed,
The alpha grunted in understanding
“Okay, okay I’ll stop teasing you”
It had asked for age: (full grown,16+) hair colour? shrugging he had scribbled (dark brown/black). If they were to breed he didn’t particularly want a bunch of redheads or blonds, he had been made fun of enough as a child to have a certain distaste for blond jokes.
He made sure one thing was very clear, he wasn’t going to take a child. Omegas were auctioned from the minute they could walk. He requested the omega be full grown again verbally to the beta in charge who just grumbled that that meant it would have likely have had a previous alpha. John shrugged his good shoulder, he didn’t care.
It took John longer to fall asleep.
John carefully lifted the still sleeping Sherlock from the cab and carried him up the stairs to 221B. Laying the curled omega down on the leather sofa John returned outside to get the shopping and pay the man.
Found: June 2008
“Thank you” the boy answered finally relaxing into John’s chest nose buried in his neck.
“Yes, your birth name” The omega brought his head up curiously, eyes wide in wonder.
A violin, unlike the alpha, had seen before, practically gleamed against the royal blue velvet. Shaking pale fingers caressed the delicate neck and slightly rusted strings.
Sherlock smiled softly but didn’t comment.
The broken cry was both scandalised and aroused.
Stretching out arms at his side and head just below the armrest the boy’s length was only long enough to cover two-thirds of the sofa.
A skinny beta man with dark skin and gold-rimmed glasses jogged up breathlessly facing himself with one hand.
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?”
This only served to make John clutch the thin boy closer to his chest and bare his teeth at the omega mother’s alpha
“Shhh-shhh it’s okay you don’t have to stand if it hurts” John stroked the naked figure’s back tenderly in attempts to calm him. The boy stopped clawing to his feet and sat down heavily and attempting to quite his sobs. John was at a loss,
“Sherlock if you have a boyfriend you shouldn’t be offering yourself to other men.”
“Yeth pleathe, some butter?” Obligingly John smeared a thick layer of the salty dairy product onto the boy’s bread.
John gasped, his finger slipping into the boy without any pressure.
The last item in the box had been another smaller box this one made of wood. Inside lay a old tarnished silver wedding band like those beta’s wore for marriage, Sherlock old silver and gold braided collar and a heavy photo album filled with picture upon picture of the boy and a handsome dark haired man in his forties.
Breath quickening shellack carried on with his deduction.
John had decided he really really didn’t want to go to this dinner.
John turned a cursory gaze to the other omega slaves and saw nothing. They all stared blankly, their pale eyes dead. Only the slight rise of their chest keeping them alive. His decision made John turned walking back to the woman nearer the centre of the room.
“Love, you don’t have to-mhmhhg” bow lips crushed against John’s
“Well, only if you wear your purple sweater with your black jeans.”
John shifted from leg to leg willing the doors to part. The second they did he was out running down the hall and nearly burst into the room. Pausing at the last second lest he terrify all of the omega’s within.
The locker was deeper than John had expected and inside was rather bare only two nondescript cardboard boxes and a dusty instrument case.
Allowing his fingers to stroke down the pale spine John concentrated on calming his alpha, the aggressive scent would only stress his omega. The spine dipped delicately rising up to bump of a deliciously plush behind and then back down to pale legs a mile long.
Nosing over his omega’s cock John smiled inhaling the sweet scent of arousal and the beginnings of slick.
Falling back on the mattress John found himself knocked down by a fierce kiss and crying omega.
“Bye Jawn “
Sherlock lifted his gaze from John’s chest to peer shyly at the room around him.
“Wake up!” Sherlock teased the shaft with a series of tiny kitten licks.
The gloved hands were back rubbing his calves and thighs pausing at the cigaret burn and probing it gently.
Depositing the nesting materials on the bed he leaned back awkwardly against the dresser rocking heel to toe as the omega happily arranged everything in a particular pattern only seen to the silver eyes.
“Oh hmg- Yes!” John growled cuping the pale hips and pressing his massive cock into the gasping omega inch by inch.
Bit short, sorry :(
Sherlock started to stand up and squeaked as the alpha seized his arse in a quick squeeze without even moving his face.
A bonding was considered good enough and many alphas would scoff at the idea of an omega becoming anywhere close their equal. Laying back down John tugged the sleeping omega to his chest and kissed the parted lips.
“I’ll be good I promise I’m sorry Pleathe” blubbering tears ran down the sixteen-year-old omega’s face. A small shriek of pain escaped those pink lips and Sherlock let his head hang crying.
“Love that’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Look around there are plenty of male omegas right here in this section.”
John stood in a slightly dim room, a platform covered in harsh light waiting for the omega slaves to be paraded across. He felt uncomfortable, his leg aching for no particular reason other than to annoy him. He would be taking one of the poor souls home with him… despite the fact that he didn’t desire to do so. That had been made very clear the moment he had protested to the beta woman in charge.
The man shoved Sherlock back towards John causing the boy to lose his balance and fall at John’s feet.
“I’m going to examine the rest of you now  love, I’m a doctor I won’t hurt you okay?”
The auction house was so well known that even though he hadn’t visited the impassive marble building he knew the location without needing the address. He didn’t particularly want to buy an omega. John felt he was perfectly capable of taking care of himself and did not plan on using someone as a tool or toy.
“Are you getting in Jawn?”
Bought: March 2019 - Johnathan H. Watson
“My name?”
His cellmate Sherlock sat across from his eyebrows raised. The boy had not gotten a tray simply water and now sat watching John with something akin to amusement and disgust.
John grinned and thrust up in one brutal movement than had Sherlock arching his back and screaming in pleasure.
John’s anger reared up again but there was little he could do at the moment. The best thing was to treat all of the injuries at once and go from there.
His omega was calming down breathing slower with each tender caress and only tensing slightly when’s hand ran over a particularly tender bruise. John sighed sadly running fingertips over the silky smooth skin of his arse he noticed that while no scars covered this part of his flesh the bruising was much heavier. “Love, sit up please” The omega rose to sit back on his heels and rested his curled head on John’s shoulder as John tenderly examined his abused groin. Clearing his throat awkwardly John spoke;
Sitting down on the freshly cleaned metal Sherlock shivered his arse looking even pushers squished against the flat surface. John growled lowly and tried to pump reassurance out to his distressed omega.
“And what are they going to do put you in jail?” The boy deadpanned.
“You are holding his file you can see his name, use it”
Instead of getting up and rounding the long table the boy slid out of his seat and onto the floor crawling under the table the pregnant omega pulled himself back out from under the table and onto John’s lap.
It had been several days since they had returned from the storage locker and Sherlock had relaxed considerably less worried about speaking out of turn and more comfortable in the flat.
“SHERLOCK! SHERLOCK! SHER-“
A gentle hand on his shoulder made Sherlock yip and scuttle back away from the source of the touch.
“Come along” John murmured wincing slightly at the assenting whimper and crawling. As he unlocked the door the boy sat back again on his heels eyes trained on the step attempting to not shiver in the cold evening wind. The temperature had dropped drastically since they got in the cab.
The omega stopped kissing John and just curled up in his lap tugging John’s arms around himself.
John couldn’t tear his eyes from the boy, he walked closer, his skin was marble white, also hairless as was typical of an omega, contrasting violently with the riot of black curls on his bowed head. The dirty oil-slicked body was malnourished but slight hints of muscle were still visible under the snowy hairless skin. Unusually broad shoulders for an omega, but with the expected characteristics of softly curving hips, a plush arse, pink lips, and thin build.
The alpha leaned down to kiss his omega good-bye and was met with trembling lips.
“Ith our mother thtill alive?”
John growled lowly reaching down to scoop the female omega up into his other arm.
Mike Stamford puffed laboriously up the steps and burst through the flat’s door.
Seeing the boy finish the last few swallows of the drink John scooped up the omega and carried him into the bedroom. Sitting the omega softly on the mattress John quickly raided the hall closet for extra pillows and quilts.
Hearing a slight noise from the bedroom The plump alpha rushed forwards and flung open the door.
“Holly, Jeremiah, take the pups up to the playroom. I’ll bring you up some food in a minute.”
“Your hair is short a military cut, you are darkly tanned but not above the wriths, military. Afghanisthan or Iraq?”
Plopping the butter and herbs without ceremony into the pasta the muscular alpha took a deep breath through his nose and out his mouth making mental plans for the rest of the night.
Sherlock was thin, very thin, but not as unhealthily as John had expected. In fact, he was rather well developed, his entire body a smooth line of pale muscles.
“Hey, I’m not going to punish you.” The boy simply dipped his head.
John rose on his knees pulling Sherlock’s hands away from his knees and unfolding the omega until his leg bracketed John’s broad shoulders.
“Mine”
The alpha’s alarm would go off in roughly half of an hour. Sherlock wriggled to lay flat of his back and rested one hand on his stomach smiling at the warm thrum imitating from it.
“It’s fine you don’t have to explain yourself to me. Let's just call your brother.”
“Sofa?” John murmured down into the boy’s soft curls.
John tied the laces efficiently and pulled the raven-haired omega to his feet gracefully.
“Mine” the blond growled possessively. “I decide when you come. My omega”
John was unlike most of his masters before, he reminded Sherlock of Sean, who had been kind, Sean still had still treated him like an omega slave, taking him into his bed at a young age, that was considered normal, after all an omega is meant to be used not preserved, but he had always been gentle and called it lovemaking rather than the other lurid names his other masters had used.
Friendly questions, comments, or suggestions are always welcome!
“And your name. Sir?” The way in which the female omega said the honnor of sir made it seem like anything but a pleasant thing.
“Pffffrroooouuuwww!” He arranged his hands and an elephant appeared.
They watched as the black BMW rolled to a stop very near where they hoped to remain undetected. At the noise of the car entering the warehouse, Mary and Graham came out of the doorway and waited.
“Sorry we couldn’t do a double room for you boys.”
In their ears, one of the officers hissed, “Lestrade!”
Claire lined his eyes with soft black and plum. The purple tones brought out the green of Sherlock’s aquamarine eyes. She’d put a thick clear gloss on his lips. He looked absolutely otherworldly and thoroughly shaggable.
“Yes, fuck me, yes,” said John, breathless.
“How?”
Nevertheless, my new soldier doctor friend had helped me to solve a truly fascinating case, all the while becoming the most fascinating person I’d ever met. His tolerance of me was a plus. But his cleverness and steady gun hand were going to prove to be a necessity for the work, I just knew it. He thinks he saved my life. I didn't, but it’s the thought that counts, right?
Sherlock was silent. He found it difficult to look at Lestrade. His grey pallor matched his grey hair as he hunched in the small chair next to his brother’s bed. Although he’d been completely shocked that his colleague and friend could love his brother, he couldn’t help but feel for Lestrade. Despite his best efforts, he had empathy. If John was in that bed, Sherlock would be devastated.
“Sherlock,” he said sternly, “you haven’t done anything wrong.” He flung Sherlock’s hands away, pushed him back by his shoulders, and stood up away from where Sherlock had landed on his bum on the floor in front of his own chair.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose in disdain, “But why do they?”
“The range is better than anything else we have.”
“Come with us, sir.”
Christ, I really can’t put this on the blog.
John looked confused, but interested.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was disgusted with himself. He liked John. He wanted John. Their bodies fit together. Their kiss was delicious. Sherlock just knew that they would have incredible physical chemistry. Even now, watching John, Sherlock felt a tightness between his legs and a churning low in his belly. But he had fallen asleep, projecting an unintentional message of ‘I don’t want you” and yet John had still dressed for sleep and joined him in bed. Sherlock didn’t deserve someone like John. Sherlock masticated, sampled, tasted, and spat out lovers because he was just not interested. But John? John was unmatched, unparalleled, unrivaled. He had feelings for John that were unexplained. He knew he needed to leave the unsuspecting photographer alone. Sherlock knew his involvement in his life would only bring distress and regret to John.
The vehicle stopped, the car door opened, and a very large man tugged sharply on his curls. He stopped himself from crying out at the very last second. The man pulled him out of the car and stood him upright. He walked him quickly into an office door. Through his watery eyes, he could see it was a regular office with desks and windows and doors.
Hours later, Lestrade texted that they had found the friend and he was indeed a herpetologist. A few exasperated sighs and quick fingers over the screen and Sherlock had solved it.
Sherlock dragged out the n-sound, “No, I don’t think so.”
He nodded. John said, “I’m sorry, love. More water?”
“No!” She grabbed her coat and walked towards the door.
John’s scowled. “All right.”
Sherlock smirked, “Just now, you were there.”
John whined in protest. “Sherlock, fuck, you can’t just stop. I was right there.”
“No.” That was the very last thing he wanted to do. He’d had warm water, sand, the sun, licking at his erection for the better part of an hour. He reached for John, pulled him in for a deep, wet kiss as he ran his hand down the front of John’s erection. John’s cock lay almost horizontal across his hip, trapped in his swim pants. It couldn’t have been comfortable. Sherlock palmed the length of him. God, he loved this man.
John idly ran his fingers over the course hair on Sherlock’s thigh. He felt wonderfully light, slightly giddy, and thoroughly relaxed. Sherlock looked so beautiful, he wanted to preserve the moments forever. “Beautiful light, love. Want to take some photos?”
I asked myself why I needed to do this. A romantic entanglement would slow me down. I had little experience with carnal passion and a man like John needed an experienced and passionate lover. I would not lower myself and succumb to base desire. It was beneath me. I could feel my chest and face flame with shame at the thought of such an embarrassing release of control. No, I would not give in to whatever foolish sentiment had taken hold of my brain.
They traded wet kisses at an incredibly awkward angle, with Sherlock bending over John’s left shoulder to reach his side-turned face.
After a successful day (Molly brought me two coffees!), I returned to the flat only to find that John had not returned. I wondered if this was a normal length of time for job-seeking for an army doctor with a hand tremor and a prickly attitude.
Both of their heads turned towards the sound of Victor clearing his throat a bit too loudly.
“I used to think about what this looked like,” John says very softly. He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes with a smirk and mischief in his eyes.
“John, I think - “
John stared at it for a long time before he muttered, “Me too.”
Greg looked around at all of his friends. He noted that John and Sherlock had disappeared. He smirked as he took a last swig of his pint. He knew he shouldn't, but he hoped they were up to something that might earn them ASBOs. He’d always had a bit of a public sex link himself.
Sherlock’s answering laugh and huge, radiant smile were all the invitation John needed to swoop down and kiss him.
Victor looked up at the blue sky, thinking. Sherlock wanted to lick his throat.
Sherlock let his head roll back as he took his pleasure. As the spasms waned, his body relaxed and he stilled on John’s cock., still leaning back on John’s thighs and breathing heavily through his mouth.
Slowly, out of respect and affection, Sherlock extracted himself from John’s bed. He stood, looking down at John, and felt remorse over what he was about to do.
Once John was satisfied that he had gotten what he needed, the others’ grumbling about the cold was just reaching its peak.
“Surely this means something?”
Jack nodded. Silent. Back to his default.
Sherlock’s eyes focused on the table and his cheeks went a bit pink.
He grabbed a few chili-free biscuit rolls and a tin of black tea and headed to the front to pay. He paid for the gifts and a non-flirtatious, yet beautiful, young woman wrapped everything up in lovely blue paper. She handed him his shopping bag. He said a quick word of thanks, and turned to leave.
Sherlock held the belt between his thumb and forefinger and tried to hand it back to Lestrade.
He didn’t move a muscle. John was not in bed with him. No familiar warmth, no familiar breath.
“I wasn’t supposed to be there, but he came and said my buddy had sent him. Turns out he and his unit were after the two bad guys I was photographing. We went to have tea.” John stopped and thought of mischievous, beautiful blue eyes looking at him over tiny glasses of tea. They had tried to drink together like normal blokes who just met, but unspoken searing tension cut their tea time short. It had only been about five minutes before they both felt the strong urge to get out of there and get to John’s room.
Sherlock nodded and leaned back against the wall. John clicked away, murmuring his encouragements.
“They’re safely secured outside of this building.”
Sherlock had once told John that he had a terrible lisp as a child because his tongue was 'too big for my mouth'. John had choked on his tea, then just stood staring at Sherlock’s profile as he looked into his microscope. After several long minutes of wildly inappropriate fantasies about his flatmate’s mouth, John blinked and looked away, not noticing the tiny smirk lingering on Sherlock’s lips.
“Oh, oh, John…”
“Yes, fuck...yes!”
Was it ever really John who made the thing with the peas?
“Can’t you hear that?”
The model quietly observed him. His eyes jumped away from John to stare down at his own body. “How and where do you want me?” The model’s tone was almost innocent, but the words were laced with the double meaning of a young beautiful lad who had been manipulated in unsavory ways.
“Something wrong?” John asked.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and opened his eyes wide. John was confused at first, but then remembered that the doubtful look must be indicating his poor decision-making as it pertained to certain illegal substances.
He pulled back and moved both of his large hands to John’s shoulders. To John’s surprise, he was smiling. “Don’t be an idiot.”
Sherlock’s long fingers were wrapped around John’s hips, thumbs keeping John spread wide for him.
“That you would love me like this.”
is romantic.”
He tried, he really, truly tried to be good to John. He turned them both around and started walking towards the bedroom, shuffling their feet so he didn’t have to release his hold on John. John wasn’t so drunk he couldn’t walk, but Sherlock just wanted him close. Wanted to feel his soft cock shifting against John’s sticky cleft.
Sherlock estimated that they had three and a half minutes until they reached Baker Street. He continued to hold onto John’s hand and said, “Mary’s involved somehow and I recorded her.”
He shifted in his seat and looked down. “So, are you going to tell me where you were?”
“I’m - .“
“Ha! Oh my god, Sherlock,” he said as he watched him kick the tiny black pants over to where his shirt was wrinkled on the sand. Instinctively, John looked around but they were alone. “You a bit tipsy, sweetheart?” John himself still felt the buzz.
John kissed him fiercely, directing Sherlock’s head into whatever position he liked. He pinned Sherlock up against the door again with his body. His hot tongue slid roughly along Sherlock’s. Soon after, John began to bite and suck at Sherlock’s top lip. Then his bottom lip, alternating between forceful sucks and determined bites. He knew his lips would be swollen.
“It would serve you right.” Sherlock walked up to him, standing directly in front of him. He leaned forward to place his lips on John’s ear. John shivered. Lowering his voice to the bottom of his register, he said, “You know perfectly well that you pull slowly at first, then just when it’s ready to pop, you go faster.”
Sherlock blushed and turned to his make-up as John went into the bathroom to focus on shaving.
Seemingly satisfied with that knowledge the alpha dove forward yanking the omega’s legs back over his shoulders to mouth aggressively at the boy’s anus
Recovered: November 2012
“I’m not entirely sure I am free from that danger here” The dark-haired boy murmured back to John, pressing himself against the older man’s arm.
“He is good to me.” The redhead nodded and glanced at John with some sense of approval.
John pressed his lips together tightly at the thought.
It, however, would be disrespectful in the extreme to disregard his instructions and the solider in him refused to disobey an order. So here he stood, it was 5 'o' clock in the evening and the traffic in the auction house was slow.
Snatching his keys and wallet the alpha jammed his heels into his shoes.
Friendly, comments, questions or suggestions are welcome below!
The bluntness made John blink. Still, half-sleep the boy wriggled to straddle John’s waist. The teenager poked John’s half-hard cock with an accusatory finger and leaned down to glare at it.
The alpha turned his head peering at the boy sideways through the sheets.
“Because I shot him, Harriet, they didn’t ask me WHY I shot him they asked IF I shot him.”
“It’s against the law” he whispered barely addable. And as much as John hated it the omega was right.
The dark haired boy shot up and pitched forwards to grab at John’s arm as he very nearly collapsed a slight whimper in his throat as if expecting a reprimand the boy recoiled from the alpha and crumbled to the floor. The boy started sobbing instantly cringing away from John’s feet and attempting to climb back to his own feet.
“I’m Yusuf and I pass this flat regularly and in the past few weeks, my omega has started acting strangely around it. He claims he smells a family scent. I’ve told him to forget it but he has been rather persistent.”
“Mrs Hudson!” He pounded at the door even as she was opening it.
The blond froze and turned his head away from the boy’s neck.
“Sherlock, love, tell me.”
Sherlock sniffed and curled up beside John tucking his feet under his own arse and his arms close to his chest the dark curls rested on the alpha’s bicep and he whimpered unintentionally at a slight creaking in the hall.
“You have two omegas?” The boy was practically drooling at the idea.
“Puppy” the voice was slightly deeper than John had expected low and velvety although slightly strained from disuse. But that wasn’t what made John pull back. It was the word that was said.
“Yeth, yeth I know what it feels like, no not yet, typically around five or thix months from now, and you will be a wonderful father.” John relaxed slightly his hand still pressing against Sherlock’s concave stomach.
Sherlock shook his head curls flying. “No, they are nice, and I can help with the pups.”
“You played hide and seek?”
“Let go of him, Ronald,”
John flopped back on his mattress cock stirring at the thought of a real warm mouth instead of his own dry hand.
The flawless skin of his omega was bared completely as the boy lay naked in the bed. The position obscenely open, quite obviously prepared, and John’s alpha had no problem imagining what to do with the gift before him.
The table fell silent and when John looked up both Greg and Molly were glaring daggers at him.
Sherlock however looked edible in the sinfully tight black jeans and perfect purple sweater. John could help himself and stole a kiss as he walked past smearing clear lipgloss onto his own mouth.
John growled tugging at the waistband of the blue striped trousers. The omega hurried to comply, his smaller erection happy to be freed from its confines.
“Seeing as you saved me from having my virginity forcibly taken in a washroom full of strangers it seems rather as if you have earned something of similar nature.”
Dried, having used the loo, and wrapped in a soft dark purple blanket the omega watched in fascination as John finished bandaging his feet.
The man in the lab coat sighed slumping back in his chair.
The youth settled against the wall eyeing the blond’s bulging muscles and mentally comparing the split knuckles with the kind face. John threw himself on his own bunk twisting to lay on his side so he could face the boy in an attempt to appear less threatening. Sherlock visibly relaxed.
“Love look at me please.”
“Thomas, he’s got a brother over there, an alpha.” Mark pointed over to where a young pup crawled back an forth across a green blanket aggressively racing with someone of his imagination.
“I don’t want to have to carry him unleth I need it”
“So not too scary then?”
“Ready Love?” Sherlock kissed the alpha’s scarred knuckles.
“Stay here, love, on the sofa” he made sure the boy knew he was allowed on the furniture as he disentangled himself
The examination started off clinical and innocent enough, reflexes, eyes, ears, the alpha even probed around in his mouth for minute feeling his teeth. Cold gloved hands palpitated his stomach a tad too hard causing John to snarl and Sherlock to yip symotanisly.
“Jawn? “ the omega whispered after several breathless minutes in which the pair calmed down.
Plush pink lips stretched wide as Sherlock jaw opened in a massive yawn.
“What’s a pretty thing like you doing here?”
The threat barely beneath the surface, Mike didn’t take it personally everyone particularly a fellow alpha could be seen as a threat to a possessive alpha.
If an alpha walked up to the couple that instant and demanded Sherlock present himself the omega would be expected to pull down his trousers and lay down. Only if John protested would he not have to do so.
“Well, yeah if you eat too much of it but trust me they don’t give you enough for that to be a problem.”
John glanced down at the kneeling omega, red hair and downcast eyes hid most of the man’s features.
“Do you want me to carry you or do you want to try for yourself?”
Friendly, comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome below.
Sherlock woke with a heavy pressure covering him but for some reason, it didn’t induce panic, instead, he found himself relishing in it and feeling elated by a strong protective scent.
The captain felt the exact moment his omega fell asleep and then proceeded to lavish the markings of the collar bruises with kisses. They weren’t bonded yet but John skill felt compelled to try and kiss away the pain.
His grey-haired alpha rose an eyebrow incredulously.
The boy sat swiftly down in a seat the far away from John and the two clingy omega’s. Sherlock relaxed instantly the female not so much. She clung to the striped jumper and it was only Sherlock nudging that brought her to.
“It was nothing you don’t have to repay me.”
“Jawn, I think we need to go to my nest.”
John was disgusted, he growled deep in his throat and spat “Get some self-control” and hastily paid.
“When’s the last time you fed him? I bet it’s less often than you fuck him, you old man. He’s just a child. Sixteen! And how old are you forty? Forty- five? Fifty? ” John growled lowly in anger hackles rising.
Sherlock walked on his own two feet, it still hurt slightly and he held onto John’s hand fiercely but he made it without John having to scoop up and carry him like on their trip to the table.
“Were they kind?”
“Yeah, love just one second”
The beta finally seemed to understand and nodded his head.
John smiled at the small omega he was glad that the tiny boy had had atleast one good alpha before in his life although it did make him feel rather jealous.
Yusuf drawled from the sofa his voice sounding bored.
One young man who couldn’t have been older than eighteen particularly caught his eye.
“NO!” John snarled finding himself aghast “No,” he repeated softer. “I would never terminate a life.”
“Must be since you’re expecting. You probably smell safe to him.”
Catching on John bared his teeth at the young man.
“Oh… yeth. He was kind to me. He was alwayth gentle, even in bed.”
Could they degrade the boy’s humanity any further? Calling him like a dog. Not even a dog, even a dog was given a name. John didn’t realise he was clenching his hand in the omega’s curls until a soft whimper brought him back to reality.
Sherlock stuck the lip gloss into his trouser pocket and bit hard into his lip.
“Hmm?” John blinked as if waking up and looked down at his boy.
“And you?”
“I wanted to thank you”
“Sherlock they can’t just stick you in prison with a bunch of raspiest and murderers. You’re still a minor you should be in school”
I um... well I have very little excuse for not writing for such a long period of time. My life's been weird lately. I moved out/ was kicked out and finished school and now i'm starting university. My boyfriend cheated on me and I have a dog now. I'm not going exactly where I left off cause well I'm not in the mood to write smut.
“One minute”
“Did you want anything on that?” John queried gesturing to Sherlock’s barely touched toast.
“I can suck you, my boyfriend says I’m quite good at it.”
“No of course not!” Sherlock almost took the assumption as an insult seeing as only infertile or horridly ugly omegas would have stayed in an auction house that long.
“You must be at least 18 to marry.”
“Him” he nodded at the twitching boy with the dark curls.
The omega huffed a flipped over to face the room glaring at the alpha.
Kneeling down at his alpha’s feet John watched puzzled as the boy tugged off his trainers.
“I would raise them with you, protect them, teach them, love them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are welcome to sit anywhere.”
“Thean, he bonded me, it wathn’t a full bonding thince I didn’t have heat yet but it thill felt mostly the thame.”
“Some what love?”
Uhg, sorry for the delay. *wince*
“Why! Johnathan Hamish Watson! You went and bought an omega after all that talk about how buying people is wrong! You should be ashamed of yourself!”
“Please love, I’m sorry I shouldn’t have yelled. I was scared.”
“Shhhhh Love,” John murmured barely above a whisper.
Securing the tiny omega on his hip John exited the flat pumping out the strong scent of protective and aggressive alpha until those on the street gave the pair a wide berth.
“give me your feet.” John intended to tend to the wounds around the boy’s ankles but the boy froze.
Right?
“Perfect.” John smiled again pulling the boy to his feet and keeping a firm grasp on his hand.
“Good morning Love”
John started to doze back off his eyelids falling slowly when the boy’s voice brought him back to the present.
“Sherlock?” Greg spoke softly “Do you need medical attention?”
Sherlock gasped groaning at the sight of his alpha looking up at him mouth wet with slick and a rakish grin on his features. His back arched and he keened sharply as John slipped a third finger deep into his sensitive hole.
Disciplinary actions recommended:
"Thank you" Sherlock nodded and allowed the alpha to pull him into a gentle hug.
and then he would be lead to his empty cell and would stare angrily at the wall until meal call stewing over his sister’s visit.
“And who on earth is Sherlock?” John rubbed a hand over his face. A lot had happened the past day.
“John, John, Jaaawn”
Sherlock bit his lip shyly and held out eager arms for the pup.
“Please look at me.” The thin young man complied reluctantly, eyes slightly damp from previous tears. The face really was breathtakingly beautiful, pale and angular with high cheekbones and plush pink bow lips wet with clear gloss and the eyes… the eyes where breathtaking swirling blue, green and silver darkly lined with mascara and wide with fear.
“Oh than-“ The thin omega woman froze staring not at John but at the Omega in his arms.
Gender: Omega
“Sherlock, have you seen him? Did he leave, someone take him?”
Stomping out of the bedroom and through the sitting room, John yanked open the front door growling.
“I’m thorry Jawn”  Sherlock hung his head trying to to cry and make his mascara run.
“Who was that love?”
He was too far away from his alpha Sherlock decided and inched backwards until his body was flush with John’s. His body becoming the little spoon his back against the alpha’s sculpted abdomen his arse pressing against the alpha’s arousal, it gave him comfort, strangely enough.
“What?” the boy internally cringed at his own tone.
“Hoo-hoo!” A chipper beta voice called as Mrs’ H pushed open the door without preamble. The fact that her scent was clearly a beta kept Sherlock from utterly panicking but he still pulled John’s arm to his stomach and shrunk back into the alpha’s chest.
The boy threw back his head and howled as John’s finger stroked over his sensitive lubrication gland.
Sherlock hugged him back, rubbing up and down his back and shoulders. His hands strayed a little lower until he was squeezing John’s arse and lifting his chin up into a deep kiss. Sometimes Sherlock towered over John, but sometimes he would bend his knees to allow John to take control, be bigger, dominate. He did just that, he bent his knees and bowed his torso somewhat so that their hips could align, but never broke their kiss. John’s arms could reach all the way around Sherlock’s broad shoulders to squeeze and rub and hold him in place. John made small grinding motions pressing his burgeoning erection into Sherlock’s.
Sherlock watched John walk towards him and slide under the duvet.
Victor sat back and said, “How’s that?”
Not moving any part of his body except for his lips, he said, “John?”
“We have the place locked down. We’ll question everyone.”
Sherlock looked at the cup and then looked back to John. They stared at each other for a long moment. Sherlock blinked and shook his head, breaking the spell. “Okay, um, right,” he trailed off. He turned and walked towards the counter.
Sherlock sighed, turned around, still clutching his arm to his body.
“Thank you, I’ll be able to handle this on my own. Sorry, Molly,” John smiled weakly.
Sherlock looked down and was surprised to see a bulge in Victor’s jogging bottoms. Sherlock blushed and looked away, shaking his head slightly. Victor adjusted his position to sit on one hip, effectively hiding his erection.
“He and Victor have been drugged on a fairly regular basis, the last time just one hour ago. Victor had significant injuries consistent with a severe beating some weeks ago. However, they are all expected to recover fully with no harmful lasting effects. I only hope that this does not trigger my brother to return to his previous...habit.” John hoped for the same thing.
As Sherlock paid the driver, John said, “No more casework tonight? Are you sure there isn’t more we can do?”
“Fuck off,” he said, ducking his head.
“Bah, bah, baaaahhhhh,” he brayed, while folding his hands into a perfect shadow goat.
“They have been questioned. It appears this has been going on for many years. Between five and ten young male models were
“Be right back.”
“He practically is the British government.”
“Looks like a nipple.”
John shuddered. Loving the close relative of an entire government was dangerous. Just the kind of challenge John loved.
Come find me on tumblr, I am
?” Fashion-Don’t said loudly over Sherlock’s shoulder.
It seemed like there was more to say, but Sherlock looked away and closed his eyes. John got up to make tea, planning to head up to his room to pack some things afterwards.
His mouth filled with saliva as his eyes swept up and down Victor’s body, taking in every beautiful detail. A choked noise like “Guh” came out of his mouth. Sherlock belatedly realized, with horror and humiliation, that he had an erection. He turned away with a grunt but it was too late, Victor had opened his eyes. He may have missed the erection, but he must have seen the slack-jawed, open look of pure lust on his face.
“Sherlock?”
Mummy turned and walked back to the house, sure they had not noticed her. It made her heart swell that Sherlock had found someone who made him laugh, loved him for who he was, and finally brought him some peace.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Posh boy,” John drawled before Sherlock hurled him up and away onto his bed. He jumped back to the corner of the room and stared. After a moment he noticed his rapid blinking and made himself stop.
“Yes, it’s a turn-on actually.”
“Hello.” He raised his face towards the pillows, expecting to see John’s sleepy expression imminently. John did not disappoint.
As John looked on with dark eyes, Sherlock slowly unbuttoned his cuffs and started on the main buttons of his shirt. To make sure that his face expressed his accurate feelings he thought over and over again,
“I always have you in my thoughts, little brother.” Mycroft said, as he approached.
Sherlock didn’t dare turn around. He was facing away from Victor, hugging his legs to his chest, trying to breathe.
Sherlock barely woke as he leaned on John, as Mrs. Hudson let them in, as they walked up the stairs, and as he entered his bedroom. John lead him into the small bathroom, turned on the shower tap, and undressed him.
As the last spasms were moving John’s body in and around him, he huffed out a sound like, “hah” and wrapped his arm around Sherlock and pulled him closer. They hugged tightly as they weakly moved in a gentle imitation of what they’d been doing five minutes previous.
“The sun feels amazing on my skin,” Sherlock smiled. He walked into the water and raised his arms above his head in a sort of salute to the tropical gods. John admired his broad shoulders and the taper down to his small waist and ample bum. Sherlock lowered his arms, turned around, and started walking backwards deeper into the water.
Sherlock took John’s hand in his own and pulled him a little bit closer, making it very clear that they were together. He leaned into the man's personal space and said, “No, I’m not having another drink. You probably shouldn’t either. But you will. You will because it’s a convenient excuse for why you can't get it up for your girlfriend. She has no idea you aren’t attracted to her.”
on Tumblr.
“Come on, I’ll introduce you.”
I thought about following him. It would have been interesting to observe him on a date. Interesting to find out what the woman he fancied was like. I could predict she’d be short, curvy, had a good sense of humor and a tolerance for snark. Following him was not part of the plan, plus I was hesitant to break his trust in that way. Over three nicotine patches, I resigned myself to recalculate my chances of a romantic relationship with John.
He doubled over in amusement, giggling the high-pitched laugh he’d allowed me to hear during our case together. Unfortunately, this movement, combined with John’s state of drink, caused him to wobble and tumble to the floor. He simply sprawled out and continued laughing. I stared at him on the rug, in the middle of our sitting room, on his back, belly jumping with mirth. Not an emotional drinker then. I couldn’t help but smile too, even though I was apparently wrong.
He heard Greg call after him. “No way, mate.”
“Fuck, John,” he whined. Was he going to come again? “Fuck.”
Sherlock groaned and took John’s cock back into his mouth. It was a relief. John’s cock was meant to be down his throat, his tongue was designed to flatten and cradle the head of John’s erection. And when his own cock was down John’s throat at the same time? Well, all was right in the world.
They pulled their hands from each other’s heads and linked fingers. Sherlock lowered his forehead to John’s and said, “It stopped.”
She’d gotten him.
“I don’t know. Come on!”
He looked at me, the edges of his eyes crinkling and something like a small smile cracked across his lips. I raised one eyebrow and stared back at him.
“Honey, I don’t want anyone else. I want you too much. I want you all of the time. It’s distracting how much I want you. I will never want anyone else again for the rest of my life.”
He couldn't see but he heard the leather squeak as John stood up and started to shed his clothes.
“Sometimes it’s hard being in your shadow.”
John wondered how Sherlock knew about his short-lived marriage but didn’t ask. Of course the genius knew, just like he seemed to know everything else about John. John sighed, pulled up his contacts, and called Sherlock’s mobile. John rolled his eyes and sighed again after the fifth ring. The infuriating wanker could at least pick up his phone in a timely manner. He was asking for John’s help, not the other way around.
John glared at him with both fists clenched, “You will stay here and you will not move.”
He remembered the taste of John’s tongue in his mouth. The smell of John’s arousal penetrating his nostrils, molecules tripping electricity along axons towards the olfactory regions in his brain. The information received incurably changed the way he would process the individual scents of latex, tea, salt, gun oil, Sainsbury’s shampoo for men. A mix uniquely associated with his John.
Sherlock smiled, “It’s criminal?”
Sherlock lifted a pair of socks, sloppily folded purple and green argyle, between thumb and  forefinger, pinky up, eyebrows crinkled in disdain.
“Oh,” he said lamely, “why didn't you like it?”
“Take me to bed.”
“I chose you…this,” he waved his hand between them just as Sherlock had done the night before, “because no one in my life has ever, ever made me feel like you do. I am stronger now because I am with you, in love with you. I’m better with you. I’m braver, wiser, kinder with you.”
“Intimately,” he said with a mirroring smirk.
“Got a call from Mike.”
Looking up at the ceiling - he could not look at John just then - he nodded. He heard John chuckle.
James nodded and came to sit next to John behind the cover of the low wall.
Sherlock quirked one thick eyebrow, but didn’t answer.
and Twitter at
). Fingering could stay. Add lubricant. Once all of these tasks were completed, it was time for the main event.
What he had definitely not seen before was John, half-smiling, eyes half-lidded, pupils dilated staring back at him. It was a positively textbook sign of arousal. And it was directed at him.
Lestrade held his hand up and raised one finger at John. John huffed again, but didn’t move. “Miss, we need to go upstairs. Please make that happen.”
“I’ll never wear pants again,” he vowed, and added, “Plus I was quite fond of the look on your face the first time you removed my trousers. I revisit it in my memory palace more often than I should admit.”
I needed a friend more than I needed anything else.
Sherlock nodded. John placed a quick kiss on his forehead and sat back down in his chair.
They were partners and friends. There was no way forward for Sherlock. He had accepted that, but he couldn’t stay inside Cross Keys to listen to one more of John’s denials. He went outside to interrogate the charlatan peddling monster stories.
(See the end of the chapter for
