Bucky wasn't in the best of moods. He had watched with silent helplessness as Steve left to try and talk with Tony. It had been especially painful considering that his own feelings did not seem to matter. That angry spark of jealousy Bucky thought he had extinguished threatened to ignite again. And it scared him. He didn't want to be angry with Steve and do anything to jeopardize their friendship. He didn't want to go back to that dark place he had been lost in. Bucky's train of thought mercifully derailed at the sound of a knock at the door. He shook his head as if to clear it before moving to answer it. "Oh," he started, finding Agent Coulson on the other side. "Coulson, right? Uh, come in."
Scott held fast to the man even though he didn't need to. Logan could hold him up easily. The raw strength of him was overwhelming and shockingly arousing. Just the thought that he couldn't make Logan stop but that he still trusted the man implicitly to stop the second he asked was hotter than hell. Panting just thinking about it, Scott used the tiny bit of leverage he had to move while he raked his nails down Logan's back. "You feel so fucking good inside me," he groaned.
Clint raised his arms in mock surrender. "Alright, alright," he said, submitting to Coulson's unwavering assessment of the situation. "I'm not going to argue when you take all the fun out of it. Damn you and your reasonable logic." He lowered his arms and fixed the agent with a serious gaze. "You've spent more time with Barnes than anyone but Steve. If you think he'll be okay, fine, but I intend to keep an eye on him." Clint glanced upward with a hint of a smirk. "Even if it means crawling around in the ceiling."
"I want you ready to go in half an hour," Coulson said, his gaze locked on Clint's. "I'll get Banner and Captain Rogers. Put a quick call in to Xavier's. If they have anyone willing and available, give them these coordinates." He rattled the numbers off, made Clint repeat them back, and then headed out to do his part of the round up. The sooner they were in the air, the sooner the mission would be done.
Eyelids drooping over darkened blue eyes, lips slack, Clint stretched up to follow Phil as the man drew away. The archer realized a moment later that Phil was taking a break, and he settled back against his handler, willing himself to calm down a little as he remembered they were in public. "In that case, I'll have to continue to influence you, one way or another," he decided, his voice a little rougher than usual as his hand dropped to run lightly over the top of Phil's thigh.
"I will." Steve rose, taking the tray with him only to turn back at the door and add, "And I'm always bossy. I'm just polite about it." He grinned and closed the door behind him. JARVIS was on orders to keep an eye on Tony while he was gone and alert him the second the man tried to do something stupid like sit up again.
Clint laughed. "Good point," he agreed. He started to take another bite, then hesitated. "But, y'know... I'd make you a sandwich if you needed me to. Not as cool as this, but it'd be edible. I might even throw lettuce on there. And I promise no poison," he added with a wink. It was fun to give Coulson a good ribbing now and again, even if the man had already threatened to dispose of him twice in less than an hour.
"I have other shirts now," Steve pointed out, "thanks to Jarvis making some orders. So, y'know, if you ever got impatient and just tore one of these shirts open, that would probably be fine. So you know." He was grinning and finally dove forward. His lips found Tony's and set about making the man forget that he was unbuttoning anything, let alone that he was annoyed doing it. Steve let the wine and the touches and the heat of Tony's kiss burn away everything but their perfect night. Everything else could wait until the morning.
Tony moaned and buried his face in Steve's muscular shoulder as the man worked him. His cocky facade was nearly gone in response to the delicious pressure, and Tony wriggled against Steve's body in anticipation. When the blonde finally rasped the question in his ear, it took Tony a minute to respond. "Mmm... I... think I might wind up hitting my head if I stay on top... and that's not what I had in mind when I said 'fuck my brains out'," Tony decided, shifting to lay back on the seat. He spread his knees apart and grinned at Steve, taking himself in hand and stroking slowly as he waited for his partner to move. "Don't keep me waiting. I'm a busy guy, ya know."
"You are ready?" Sif called over her shoulder. Catching a nod from Logan, the woman smiled and the sky opened above them. Of course Heimdall was watching, and the fact that he'd been free to open the bridge again meant their arrival would be a surprise. "Tonight we celebrate. Today we fight!" she cried out as the light surrounded them.
Averting his gaze, Tony decided it definitely wasn’t the best idea to see Steve. It was too late now, of course. Steve was there and Tony could feel the concern emanating off the other man in waves. “I’ve been better,” he murmured. “Looked a hell of alot better, too.” Tony finally allowed himself to glance up. He swallowed hard, the sight of Steve making him feel both ashamed and hurt. It wasn’t Steve’s fault in any way, shape or form, but Tony’s desire for him had been the weakness that caused all of this to happen. “How have you been?” he asked rather feebly.
"There. Don't want you interfering with my fun. You'll get your turn. And I don't want you all banged up before then. Besides, you'll have a better view from here."
The mutant just laughed, holding out the transporter. He sobered quickly enough, though. "You two are gettin' outta here. Sorta." He eyed Clint up and down, smirking when he caught the faint twitch in response. "Don't look so excited. Loki's not lettin' me have a goodbye fuck. Shame, too. Would've liked to make you moan a few more times." Without giving the two a chance to think it over, Creed grabbed them both and activated the transporter.
While Scott watched, a dark shape slammed fully into the silver-haired mutant's back from behind. Natasha rolled away and held up one wrist, and before even Piotr had a chance to recover, she sent electricity zinging through his body until he was shaking and trembling on the ground. "Don't touch," she cautioned Hulk firmly, voice all business. "He's not gonna be much fun to play with for awhile. How about you give him," she jerked her head toward Loki, "something to sink his teeth into."
"Y'know, for a guy with a good sense of smell, you pick some awful smelling places to hang out," Tony pointed out as Steve started hauling him out of the bar. "Or is it like a dog thing? Y'know, y'smell something we think is awful, but you wanna roll in it?"
Steve stood in the hallway for a solid five minutes before he got the courage to rap on Tony’s door. He expected to be ignored. At best he expected to be yelled at for breaking Tony’s policy of shutting out the world. At worst he’d expected Natasha to jump him as soon as he started downstairs and break his neck. Instead he stood alone outside the lab hoping he could coax Tony into some kind of conversation.
"True life stories," Scott agreed with a slow nod. He had to admit, it was amusing seeing someone who always seemed as together as Phil flustered and blushing. The guy really did look like he was going to kill someone or freak or. Possibly both.
“We’ll see. This dose was formulated by Dr. Banner, so I’m willing to wager it will pack a punch.” Despite Bucky being calmer, Coulson still approached carefully. He made sure that the man knew where he was and what he was doing each step of the way until he was able to carefully slip the needle beneath the Bucky’s skin. He breathed a sigh of relief when the transaction went off without a hitch. “There we go. Would you like me to stay until you’re out?”
"That's a good idea. Though I think the wheelchair's a bit much," Tony groused. He knew that it really wasn't. Creed had managed to mangle a fair amount of his abdominal wall, and walking around was probably not the best idea.
Clint narrowed his eyes, stepping closer to Logan. His mind was sounding all kinds of alarms. "There's something wrong with you. Loki did something to you," he accused. "What'd Loki do to you?"
"It's okay. I do. I'll strike a pose, and you can run away." Tony looked over his newspaper. "Or just start eating. That's kinda hard to watch."
It was a moment where Darien knew he could make a move. The window was there, it was wide open, and he hated himself a little for hesitating. It wasn't that he was a prude, he just wasn't a total slut either. Well, not always. Not completely. //Who are we kidding here?// Darien half smiled and opened the door before stepping aside, making his invitation as clear as possible. "You're still kinda covered with blood. Not yours either. That's gotta be some kind of health concern. Maybe we should double up on the whole showering thing... unless you've got other plans?"
Thor bit his tongue. He wanted to tell the mutant to mind his words, but Logan wasn't wrong. Loki deserved no quarter, no kindness in light of the things he'd done. "We will get the Man of Iron back, and we will make sure that my brother troubles your people no longer."
"And close," Scott reminded him with a hint of a smile. "I meant what I said about not rushing things, but I mean, if I did end up living 'off campus,' so to speak, and you happened to have a drawer for your stuff and stay over sometimes, I don't think that would be awful." He nudged Logan's foot under the table. "I kind of think that would be perfect." When the waiter came, Scott gave his order and then waited for Logan to do the same. He'd never actually dated a guy, and he had no idea what Logan was like in a relationship, so he asked, "Can I hold your hand? I dunno how you feel about PDA."
Steve blushed furiously and rubbed at his neck. He'd looked at the marks wistfully while shaving, but the idea of covering them up really hadn't crossed his mind. For one, he wasn't bothered by them. For another he wouldn't have known where to start trying even if he'd wanted to. The only times he'd worn make up, it had been applied by harried-looking women before he was shoved onstage.
"Think maybe we can spare a few minutes? I mean, just in case they don't?" Scott knew it was stupid to put off taking Logan to see Coulson, but he couldn't resist. If he let the man go without taking and enjoying whatever time they could, Scott suspected he would regret it. Scott dragged the man into a kiss before he could protest. He didn't want to hear a no. "Please?" Scott asked again when they parted, his fingers clutching Logan's hair with sudden desperation.
Tony didn't have the strength to fight. He wanted to puke. Or scream. Or both. "T-take me to... Follow." He couldn't put a real sentence together.
"That'd be good," Clint agreed. He caught himself thinking it'd be reassuring to be able to at least be on Coulson's couch if he woke up scared out of his mind again. //Well, that's a little weird.// Brushing the thought aside, he grinned a little. "If nothing else, I can just sneak in and hit your couch without waking you up again so you don't have to turn five shades of red when you realize you answered the door in your Captain America PJs." He knew it was a little mean. It was also vengeance for Phil laughing at him.
"Ah, just a flesh wound," he replied with a shrug. "I've had worse. Remember New York?" He grinned flippantly am up at Steve before laying his head against the man's chest and closing his eyes. He listened quietly to his lover's strong, steady heartbeat and sighed. It was touching, really, how much Steve worried for him. Tony really didn't know how else to respond to it, though. "I'm not going anywhere."
Loki hummed a sound that might have been agreement. "Creed is difficult to control. Unpredictable. It can be exciting, of course... and tedious." He still wondered how a man like Magneto could put up with the mutant's shifting moods and hair trigger temper. He'd caught a flicker of something when he touched Stark and pressed the advantage by moving in a bit closer. "I may not yet be crazy enough to appreciate him to the fullest extent." Loki leaned in until his lips were a breath away from the mortal's. "How crazy are you?"
Steve's breath came harsh and fast through his nose as he tried to gain control of himself. Logan's thick cock made him burn in the sweetest possible way. Pain and tension were forgotten in the rush of pleasure as the man's hips jerked and hit exactly the perfect spot. A cry of ecstasy came out as a weak moan since opening his lips wider would have meant pulling away from Tony’s cock.
Clint forced himself to take his hand away from the hammer, swallowing hard. "Right," he said, his eyes still shimmering with the subdued violet. The words were having their intended effect anyway, and he walked a little closer to his handler. "You're right. That's not me." Satisfying as it had been to crush Victor earlier, torturing him wasn't Clint's style. He hated the mutant, but Clint didn't have it in him to torment someone who was completely helpless. He met Phil's gaze. "I don't want it to be me."
The feral mutant barely seemed to hesitate, grabbing the arrow and ripping it - barbed tip and all - right back out. "You must be the idiot I'm about to kill. Seriously, who brings a bow to a gunfight?" he chuckled, a trickle of blood running from the corner of his mouth. Victor dodged another arrow, though it still lodged in his shoulder. He smirked at first, then his eyes widened as burning pain began to spread from the wound.
Clint's blue eyes, still full of resistance, met Phil's. The archer hoped quietly that the eye contact was as reassuring to Phil as it was to him.
Steve gave the man a lingering kiss and then forced himself to draw back. "That's it. If I do more than that, you're not leaving." Being sore wasn't doing much to keep Steve from wanting to get thrown down and fucked on the kitchen table. He let his fingers slide through Tony's damp hair briefly. "I love you. Whatever happens and however this all turns out, I love you."
Wonderful as it would have been to spend the rest of the morning so pleasantly, Steve couldn't hold back. He didn't really want to. He wanted to lose himself in Tony, and there wasn't a single reason not to. Steve forgot his resolution not to make too much noise and gasped out Tony's name as he came hard down his throat. Only the wall kept him from collapsing to the floor. His knees shook, and he smiled brightly down at Tony. "Wow. You... wow."
Steve was on his knees in a second wrapping his arms around Bucky’s shoulders. “Hey… hey, are you okay?” The man’s face was twisted in a grimace, and the question seemed both obvious and obviously wrong. Still Steve kept himself focused on Bucky’s problem and not the complete lack of competence he’d apparently developed in emergency situations. “Do I need to get a medic?”
"Yours," Tony agreed breathlessly, his hands moving to rest on solid-muscled arms. His cock ached between them, and Tony arched a bit to gain more stimulation. It felt good to have Steve fucking him again, to feel that carefully restrained strength pressing him into the mattress. It was getting easier and easier to ignore the discrepancies in the illusion, the differences in the way Loki moved. Tony hooked a hand behind Loki's neck, pulling himself up to brush his lips against his captor's.
"Yeah, I sure do," Darien answered brightly before jerking his thumb toward Clint, "which is why I brought one."
"I think it was what Fury needed, actually. I guess he was thinking the same thing as me... at least, once his computer snooped through my computer and found the file I made for Logan. Guess I'll need to upgrade Jarvis's security again." He raked a hand through his hair, sighing and looking a little worse for wear finally. "It'd be really cool if they could not go through the computers in the tower that I built and they moved into, but I guess SHIELD doesn't play that way, huh?"
Tony smiled. "I like how you think," he decided, leaning in to press eager, almost sloppy kisses to Steve's mouth. His cock throbbed anxiously as he forced himself to be patient. He didn't want to hurt Steve, and he definitely wanted his lover to be up for more as soon as possible. All that required some serious patience, he reminded himself as he slowly worked in a third finger. Steve was unthinkably tight, and Tony groaned, his heart hammering in his chest as he contemplated how it would feel when he finally did get to slide home into the soft, tight heat.
What little resistance he'd had before he got abducted was pretty well gone. Logan had really wanted to take the high road with Scott, take things slow, but Loki had already stepped in and reminded them both that, in their line of work, there wasn't time for slow. Something was always out to get them, and trying to be chivalrous and noble about things was just going to rob them of opportunities. Scott had barely finished his last sentence when Logan pounced, grabbing the man and slamming their lips together in a raw, needful kiss that unleashed everything Logan had been holding back. He dragged Scott into the bedroom, stopping just inside the doorway to shove the other man against the wall and kiss him again, one of his hands sliding up under the hem of Scott's shirt to roam over lean, toned muscle. "Need you," he growled as he drew back to catch his breath.
"It's probably his fault." She smiled slowly, "Though I may have consulted on one or two of the designs." Natasha grabbed another handful of popcorn and let herself enjoy the relaxation of the moment. It wasn't time for the heavier conversations they needed to have. Judging by the way Clint had held onto her like she was the most precious thing in the world when they met up, those conversations needed to happen soon. Clint meant far too much to her to hurt him through negligence, especially when she was ignoring things on purpose. It was easier to ignore them. If she could make sure he was taken care of, was with someone who could give him what he needed... well, that would change things quite a bit. It might even keep Clint from breaking. "You two should do that more often. Coulson doesn't leave his office enough."
Tony swallowed another mouthful, and then reached for a piece of garlic bread. "True. But, if I didn't know you and you cooked a meal like this, I'd hire you as my personal chef." It took a hell of a lot to impress Tony, and he appreciated Steve's effort more than he could ever hope to express. Cleaning his plate was a good place to start. "Tell you what: you keep pampering me like this, Captain Rogers, and I might never want to leave."
Steve snapped into leader mode without any further prompting. "Thor talks to his mom tonight, I'll talk to Fury in just a minute... we head out just before dawn. Everybody will need some sleep." He had no idea whether he'd even be capable of getting any. “I'll text Bruce the highlights and fill him in when he gets back. No sense in cutting his date short."
Darien grunted in reply and thrust forward into Clint's grip. It was a touch uncomfortable without lube, but not nearly enough to make him want to stop. A little chafing was worth it for a good orgasm. "I could probably be persuaded," the man agreed despite his voice already being rough from letting the man fuck his throat with such abandon the first time. In fact, Darien knew he would gladly get Clint off pretty much anytime the man was game, but there was no point in sounding like a slut even if he kind of was one when it came to the archer.
"Very," Scott agreed with a sigh. He found that the longer he was pressed up against Logan, the less he thought about just going to sleep when the time came. Scott couldn't help the way his hips stuttered against Logan's when his lover started stroking strong hands over his legs. Even with the bruises, it felt good. Logan's strength was still a thrill to him, a pleasant novelty that he was enjoying learning the ins and outs of. "Better with just the two of us."
Noting that they were retreating with a few would-be enemies in their midst, Clint glanced at Mystique. "So, this is awkward. Us all retreating in the same direction," he noted, keeping out of arms reach of her. Not that he had any delusions he'd be able to out maneuver her, anyway. She was easily faster than Nat, and apparently strong enough to give Steve a run for his money. "You'd be cute if you didn't want to kill me."
"Unless they're just really interested in your car tonight." They could take as many shots of the getaway as they wanted, but Steve preferred to have his meals in private. It was one thing to have a kid come up and ask for an autograph every now and then and another to be stalked by the paparazzi. Looking around, Steve took in the charming atmosphere and smiled. Tony had picked a place less lavish than his normal, and he appreciated it. "Maybe I'll just get to enjoy playing some good old-fashioned footsie with you, then."
"There could be charges. While I'm not opposed to escaping from the police, I don't want to have to meet with Fury first thing in the morning." Natasha found buzzed Scott rather charming. He was cute to start with, but relaxed and unencumbered by his recent experiences, he was pretty adorable. She let her hand drift up his leg while she tossed back another shot. Natasha grabbed one more from the tray and sent Clint a quick text, I'LL OWE YOU CAB MONEY. HAVE PLANS FOR THE NIGHT. She was feeling pleasantly buzzed herself.
Clint growled around a mouthful of eggs at the idea. More at the idea of seeing the doc than seeing Nat, but the concept of "other people" sounded generally terrible at the moment. He wanted to stay in the cocoon that was Phil's suite until somewhere around that time next year. He tried not to think about it as he guzzled a bit more coffee, realizing belatedly that his therapy session was probably going to be interrupted by a bathroom break. Fuck it. Putting the cup down, he let his head fall on Phil's shoulder and whined. "I don't wanna."
"Out a bit late, aren't you?" Natasha couldn't help but smile. She always found it fascinating to see what sort of toys Clint brought home when left to his own devices. Sometimes his choices were questionable at best, but from time to time he found someone genuinely intriguing.
Tony strained to reach his tablet, fingers grabbing uselessly at the air for a few moments before he sagged back into his lover. "You... are insufferable," he grouched, though didn't actually sound offended. He glanced at Steve, admiring his face in the dim light of the reactor. He lightly carded his fingers through Steve's hair before slowly drifting off, his hand resting lightly against his lover's cheek.
Logan paused, then gave a head nod of concession. "Well, yeah, okay. There's that." He looked back to Coulson. "So, what exactly do you people think I can do against a demi god? Or is his only weakness adamantium?"
Steve felt a rush of relief at the sight of the man. Just hearing his voice felt good on a level Steve hadn’t expected. He wanted to grab Tony and hug him, maybe even kiss him - and in that moment Steve realized just how far gone he was on Tony Stark and how horrific his timing was. “I’m not Nat,” he offered apologetically instead, “but I’ve been trying to check on you. I’ve been trying since we got back, and every time…” The longer he stared - and he couldn’t seem to do anything but stare and try to drink in every detail he could - the more Steve realized that Tony looked dead on his feet. The man looked as if he hadn’t slept in days, and he stank of sweat and booze. “How long since you left the lab, Tony?”
"Look, we all wanna kill 'im, so let's stop talkin' about it before one of us actually decides to. I don't feel like talkin' to Fury right now."
The archer sighed and settled back into his seat, managing to wiggle around in the harness enough to rest his head on Coulson's shoulder. He was too tired to realize that the other agents present might wonder about the gesture, instead falling gratefully into sleep.
Natasha watched Steve walk away with a hint of a smile. Even broken-hearted, he knew how to inspire others. It was damn impressive. "I'm staying with you," she observed, looking to Phil and Clint. "On the couch, of course, but I am."
Scott smiled right back. The truth was he was pretty sure he wasn't going to regret it. He'd spent most of his formative sexual years with a single person, and while he didn't regret that either, he was ready to do things differently. Scott felt secure with Logan. They'd gone through more together before they even got together than a lot of couples did throughout the whole course of their relationship. They would be fine. "That said? I think I'm pretty okay with finishing this tray of shots first."
“Me?” Steve felt his heart sink at the words. He’d certainly blamed himself for letting Tony get taken, but it hurt a lot more to think that Tony saw him as nothing but a reminder of being attacked. Shoulders slumped, Steve gave a slight shake of his head. “I don’t want to hear that, but if it’s what you’re feeling, then… then somebody needs to. I’d like it to be me.” He managed a wavering smile. “I miss you.” It wasn’t the time or place for a bigger confession, but Tony needed to know that Natasha and Clint weren’t the only ones looking out for him. “Somewhere along the way the time I spent with you started being the time I look forward to most. I hate not talking to you even if what we need to talk about’s not all that pleasant.” Still applying gentle pressure to Tony’s shoulder, Steve tried to lead him over to a couch littered with papers. “So let’s talk.”
Clint nodded. "They promised one or two people. I guess they've got their own wings to get them there." He glanced at Phil, wondering where exactly 'there' was. He also gave their new pilot a hard stare; she wasn't familiar, but Coulson apparently trusted her. Clint had gotten pretty accustomed to agents he'd never met before turning up at odd places. He still remembered when he'd found out a barista he'd been hitting on rather heavily turned out to be a coworker.
Coulson's fingers clenched into a fist, but his face remained calm. "Change of plans, then. We go find out what Fury's next step is." Annoyed as he was with the man, it was a bad idea to try and talk to him. It also happened to be his only idea. "You aren't getting benched on this."
With relaxation in mind, Clint fished out a copy of Ghostbusters and threw it in the DVD player. Nat didn't have a huge TV; just the one SHIELD had issued with all the rooms. It was adequate, all she needed. Clint let the opening credits get by before pausing it. He rummaged through the kitchenette, having to dig deep before he found a box of microwave popcorn with one packet left in it. He was pretty sure it was the same box he'd brought by months ago for them to eat together during movies, most of which hadn't been actually watched. Clint sighed and threw the popcorn in the microwave. He'd done nothing most of the day, but he still felt exhausted.
Clint raised an eyebrow. "Since when did you make something and not want to try it? Especially if it's likely to backfire and kill you."
Bruce couldn't quite stifle the giddy laugh - near-giggle - that escaped him at the kiss, and he did a respectable job of turning red right along with Jemma. He sighed, sobering at the reminder of what was ahead of them. Pausing in their walk, he took both of Jemma's hands and smiled at her warmly. "This was definitely time well spent. I should thank you right back," he said, meeting her gaze evenly. He brushed his thumbs over her knuckles. "You've definitely made a rough day a lot better. Thank you." Without waiting for an answer, he leaned in and gently pressed his lips to hers, drawing back after a moment with a smile.
Relieved, Steve followed at once, knowing Thor would do the same. He finally had hope to cling to, and Steve held it fast. They would get to Tony. They would arrive in time to save him further pain. They would fix this. Even as he repeated the words to himself, Steve wondered if there was any way they were true.
"Yeah," Logan answered, doing his best to not look too pissed. //Not his fault I keep gettin' drawn to the wrong people.// The mutant pushed himself up from the bar. "Let's get outta here."
"Guess it wouldn't be. Coulson's not holding an actual leash," Tony observed, smirking when Clint had the decency to blush.
"You can't squeeze a text out of it. Technology doesn't work that way," Tony pointed out. When he got a dirty look, he shrugged. "Look, I wanna know what's going on, too, but brutalizing your phone isn't going to make that happen, soooo..." He patted the bed beside him. "You could come sit over here. Lemme smell your aftershave." Tony couldn't bring himself to use the world 'cuddle,' but that was definitely what he was craving.
"I think we have to," Phil answered. He hesitated before allowing, "But I don't know if we can or not. Even if we do, it won't change what they've done, and if they remember that, it will be awkward at best. They may not stay even if everything goes the way we want it to." People left. They came and went. Scott and Logan had both already left one team behind, and for Scott it was a team that had been more or less a family to him through his whole adolescence. "I'm also not sure killing Loki - as warm and fuzzy as that would make me feel - will fix it. If he did something to them, he might also be the only one who can reverse it."
Scott let himself relax marginally. "Feels good without them. Well, and weird. A lot weird, really, because it feels normal. I'm not used to normal." He inclined his head. "I guess neither one of us are." It was, Scott realized, entirely possible that they were hitting snags less because Logan was compromised and more because they were experiencing growing pains trying to figure out their new life. "I was thinking maybe I should start spending some time in my own room. No, hey, before you look offended... going from barely talking to dating and shacking up is too much for anybody. I needed it, don't get me wrong, but I don't... I don't want to break this because we're both holding on too tight."
Finally Steve stood, took a breath, and said aloud, "I can do this," knowing that Pepper wasn't about to make fun of him for needing the external assurance. All he got from her was a small nod before he made his way downstairs. In the lab - painfully quiet without Tony's energy filling the room, and Steve had to fight back tears yet again - he found Simmons hunched over a computer, barely awake, and Fitz curled up in a ball on the cot snoring softly. "Agent Simmons?"
Thor shifted uncomfortably, glancing at Tony. "Lord Fury, considering... considering the Man of Iron's suggestion, perhaps I could leave my brother in your custody for safekeeping? If you intend to keep him alive, that is." He paused, placing a hand on Loki's shoulder once more. "He has no place he calls his own on Asgard, in spite of my offers. Perhaps, if he wishes, he could find a place here?"
It didn't a rocket scientist to piece together what Logan wanted, and Steve was all for it. The sound of Tony's voice drew his attention away again. His breath caught at the look on the man's face as their lips met again. "Like this. I want to see you." He was willing to allow that involving a third person might not be the most romantic, subtle way to start things, but he at least wanted to look into Tony's eyes. Realizing he'd never let go of the lube to start with, Steve quickly coated his fingers with the cool, slippery liquid before letting one finger tease at Tony's entrance. He doubted Logan would be particularly pleased if he dragged his feet, but Steve wasn't about to rush either. Hot, dirty, and kinky were all just fine by him - painful wasn't. Gently the single digit slipped inside, and Steve wasn't surprised to find the slide easy even though they were just starting out. Leaning down, he pressed Tony back against the bed and set about kissing and nipping at the man's exposed neck. "Tell me when you're ready for more, and you'll get it."
"Mmmm...no, you aren't," Steve agreed. Badly as he wanted to lose himself in Tony, he also wanted to be available when Nat was ready for visitors. "After we see Nat, let's come back up here so I can give you that blow job we talked about earlier. The one you're going to be very good and very still for so we don't hurt your stitches."
"Pretty sure... th-that's always a possibility," Tony managed as Steve's hand drove a moan from his lips. "You're doing fine... stop... worrying so much... ah-haaa... god, that's good." He buried his face in the blonde's neck, breathing in the scent of soap and sweat on his lover. "Steve... when I get better, I... nnng... I am gonna fuck your brains out," he decided, hands rising up to the blonde's shoulders and squeezing hard as he thrust up into his lover's touch.
The words sounded true but they didn't feel that way. Nat squeezed her eyes shut and tried to feel nothing but Clint's touch. "I will,"she agreed before opening her eyes. "Go. Talk to Coulson alone. Make him believe you. Tell him that I said. We can't let Loki in here. He could tear us apart, and he will if he has a chance."
"Okay, then let's try a little experiment." Phil tried to sound calm with his heart pounding and his palms sweating. He set his mug aside and then slid Clint's to the side on the counter as well. Leaning across it, he held his hands out toward Clint. "Give me your hands. I'm not going to break them." He waited until Clint closed the distance before gently clasping the man's hands. The contact was electric for him. The question was whether it felt that way to Clint. After a second to just enjoy the touch, Phil turned the archer's hands over and stroked his thumbs across the palms. He explored, examined, felt every line and callous on the surface in a way he’d never expected to be allowed, and finally lifted one of Clint's hands to his lips and kissed it softly. Only then did he finally let himself meet Clint's gaze to see his reaction.
"It's a delicate situation," Coulson answered. "May I come in?" He moved past the man without waiting for an answer and opened the other file folder he held. "For quite awhile, we've had our eye on a growing portion of the slave trade in this country and abroad. We've managed to close off a few avenues for them, try to keep things out of the States, but I'm sure you know that even special agencies have their limits. Mr. Summers disappeared suddenly and without warning. He had gone out for a ride alone on his motorcycle, and no one has seen him since - or at least reported seeing him. Unfortunately matters are complicated because this group," he tapped the folder, "has also been active in the area of New York where he went missing. To be blunt, we think that if he's still alive, he's probably been sold to someone who deals in... exotics."
"That does not sound like fun," Steve protested even though he was smiling. He leaned back on the couch and dragged Tony down on top of him. "Kinda like taking advantage of the size difference a little. It's weird being the small one." It had been years since he was in that position and it had even been possible for someone to manhandle him. "Not bad, though, actually, at least with you. I like most things with you."
"Steve…" Tony purr shifting in his place before raising his head to look at his husband… his husband looked amazing with his bed hair; it really gave him a unique look. "Do you think Betty would let us take Harley to the park tomorrow?" Tony asked, a smile taking over his face as he imagined how Peter was going to react when they take the two kids to the part tomorrow that is if Betty accepted to come with them as Harley's guardian.
"You have nothing to explain, Mr. Stark, you did enough of that." Steve then walked away ignoring the Alpha that snapped out of his shock, all the while shaking on the inside as he heard Tony calling him with such a broken voice, that tears start running faster…
When they invaded the Hydra kingdom, they were all instructed to burn the kingdom to the ground, take no survivors, the king had said with dark eyes full of hate and revenge mirrored by every one of them, and they did, they killed everyone in the capital, leaving no old, young, and babes, all were mercilessly slaughtered… and this was not the first time either, they destroyed a lot of allies that stood with the Hydra kingdom, and all of the order was the same, no survivors, no hostages, no slaves, only gold and riches.
Reaching the lake, Anton finally let out a tired sigh, only a few trees separating Anton from taking the much-needed swim; wondering how freezing the water is going to be and how long he can stay in it. Maybe fifteen minutes or more would be Anton's limit. They were still in autumn, they would not start the Winter until weeks from now, which meant the water, even cold, it was not that cold that forced Anton to stay a minute or two before leaving the lake or risk his body working over him and start freezing to death.
"Peter, God, I am so sorry little bambino, I didn't know, so sorry." Tony choked as he was finally able to detect Steve's scent on the small pup, hiding behind the scent of sickness and medicine, God, how was he so blind that he didn't notice his bambino the first time he met him? Tony could only take the pup's scent and let out a calm rumble which made his baby purr happily.
Before Tony started shouting at Steve and raise his blood pressure even more than it already was, Steve's grin widened and became feral. In a blink of an eye, Steve lowered his face and gave Tony a smock kiss on the lips, at that action, Tony's muscles froze in their place, unable to move no matter how much he willed them, still too shock and frozen to act out when he was still being kissed.
"Then I guess that explains this…" Fury muttered to himself as he played the next video and everyone saw how Barnes' face turned from the dreamy side to the horrifying side in zero seconds, which made everyone turn to the screen, and for the second time that day, Tony's jaw fell on the floor.
It was tiring, to take care of a baby, and work ten hours on top of that, but they had a roof over their heads and food on their table, so Steve was grateful and never complained. Steve also met a few of his neighbors, when he first came to live in the modest and cozy home that the kind doctor gave to him, the Parkers were the kindest, Ben and May their names, they took a shining to him and his baby, they were a newlywed and moved here from Brooklyn too, May adore Peter, and will always babysit him when Steve had to go to work as she was a housewife, the little boy loved her and Ben calling the two of them uncle and aunt which made the two very happy.
Drax told him that Niflheim would welcome earth's survivers, just like they welcomed the women and children of Asgard, giving them a safe place to live in before Thanos attacked to destroy their home. He told him that the Bifrost could take all the survivers to Niflheim, but not all, even stated that he doubted that earth would survive Thanos' attack when he obtain the second Gauntlet.
"You were better this time Steven, you didn't step on Bucky's foot until the very end!" Peggy tried to cheer him, ignoring Bucky when he whined once again about hurt and sore feet. "Ignore him, he is a baby," Peggy said as he sends her husband a harsh look silencing him before turning to Steve who was glaring at his feet.
"They are late; though I cannot say I am not happy, it would mean that I will have until next year to decide about the marriage…" Anton stated annoyance cleared in his voice, even with his face being the picture of calmness he was not feeling anything but annoyance and probably relieved. It was a week after the promised meeting with his supposed guests, a week of them not arriving to the village, and to say the truth Anton and his close friends were content with them not arriving to their homeland at all; if only the elders of the village thought the same as him.
Closed the door to the workshop behind him, wondering where he was going to find Steven when the Omega could have gone anywhere. Normally, the Omega would spend most, if not all of his time with his people, teaching them the Norse customs and language, helping them with work, and gaining many stunned and surprise stares at how a supposedly spoiled Omega queen worked low paying jobs to help his people (If only they knew what the queen was capable of) other times if the Omega was not with his people than he was here and that was mainly to stop Anton from complaining about Petrus following the Omega and to keep an appearance of peace between Anton, the queen's people, and Asgard.
Steve heard a groan, which made both him and Jarvis rushed to Tony who was waking up, Steve could feel the anticipation on every faces in the room, but when Tony Opened his eyes and look around the room, he paled when his eyes fell on everyone, that made Steve's heart drop and he rushed to the Omega, just as he let an ear-piercing scream when Maria got close to him. Steve held Tony's hands last he hurt himself by pulling the IV, that made the Omega paused and look at him frozen in place. "Anthony," Steve called out a couple of times breaking Tony from his shock and mutters something under his breath. "What..?" Steve stuttered, hoping that he heard everything wrong, but Tony just looked at him with a glare.
"Rhodey, Pepper, please don't." Tony let out a tired sigh, leaning back on his chair, hoping against hope that his friends will drop it. "You know I can't leave, not when Howard is out there waiting; you may think that you are protecting me but you can't! Yes, people say that this house is haunted, yes, everyone liked to keep the death that happened here as a secret because it's not only brutal but it only fuels the fire of the house being haunted. Please, don't open the door on something you don't understand." Tony pleads, hoping that his friends won't be stupid enough to confront Peggy and Bucky and get killed for their offers in protecting him.
Once again the day ended with him waving goodbye to Natasha and Clint, as the two of them promised to come tomorrow and help him buy grocery and introduce him to people around the town considering that the teen hasn't met everyone in his three months stay, the town even being small has a lot of people. Tony yawn in tiredness, but the teen stretch and sat on the porch swing, his eyes gazing at the lake that changed colors when the sunset, he wasn't aware that he was nodding off until he couldn't open his eyes anymore.
Tired… the only thing Steve could feel was the tiredness that burdens on pain coursing through his body; slowly, too slow for Steve's liking, the Omega managed to open his eyes, blinking the few times against the blurriness. When his sight finally cleared, Steve let out a confused noise when he saw the white ceiling greeting him; the annoying beeping beside him informed Steve that his suspicion was true and that in fact, he was in a hospital. Part of Steve wondered if Tony had found him and stopped Bucky from taking him away; another part wondered if Bucky was around here somewhere and this place was a cell he was in.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, horror elements, poor Tony, and we will finally see Steve! All reviews are appreciated.
He did all of that hoping that Steve will come back, he changed, he became a real Alpha, so there was no reason for Steve to stay away now, he had the money and statue, that should bring Steve back, he doesn't care that Steve was a gold digger or whatever the hell he was, he only wanted him back, and he will do anything to get him back, even if it meant killing himself on the inside, even if it meant that Anthony had to gaze all night long at the ID that said that he was a Carbonell, even if it meant becoming the man his father always wanted him to be.
"I wasn't brooding, Tony! I was anxious! Your brother is going to come tomorrow; it will be the first time for me to see your brother, what if he hates me?" Steve said as he throws himself at the sofa, holding in the whines he wanted to let out like he was five years old, his action though, only gained a smile from Tony who snorted.
"I… I…" Daniel squeaked and Anton had to bite his lower lip to stop himself from snorting and giving his hidden place, whoever the person who was speaking with the Omega was one breath away from drowning himself. "Can I please… have the permission... uh… courting you…r…" Daniel said before he started to choke and muttering, gaining an amused huff from Steven who was holding in his laughter.
." Steve started the grin on his face was like that of a satisfied Devil who knew that he gained a slave to torture for the rest of eternity. "After all, everyone knew that information; it's why people refuse to date an Addams when we ask them." Tony paled as he remembered his father's old horror stories as he orders him to say no to every question an Addams asked; Steve's grin widen even more when he saw the realization painted Tony's face and Tony doesn't know if he should cry or laugh at the cruel fate awaiting him. "Besides, didn't you say that you will marry me the second I take you out of the cemetery?" These words made Tony sway on his feet, how did Steve know about these words? Looking at Steve, Tony saw the knowing look painting the Addams' face and the sparkles that surrounded him. It was at this moment Tony knew…
The fight with Loki though, was disastrous, for every star in the universe watch what took a place and wrote it down, and when Loki feel into the abyss of the space, Steven could feel the stars around him sigh in relief for finally getting rid of the boy, and he was a boy who was no older than six hundred years, still a teen, but Steven was not like the other stars, he couldn't, wouldn't allow such foolishness to happen especially when he knows what the rejection and neglect can do to someone, not after he suffers the same as Loki son of Odin suffered, and he also refuse to let someone waste their life especially when Thanos the mad titan was going around the universe destroying everything in his path and collecting his 'Sons and Daughters' to help him win his retched war, with that Steven flow toward Loki who was falling and falling and looking at the abyss with pain and fear in his eyes, and Steven thanked his luck that Loki was a creature of magic because if he wasn't then he wouldn't have been able to take hold of the God while he was in his astral form, for he was nothing but a spirit, a ghost.
"Really?" Steve asked as he turned his attention toward Tony, a happy smile taking over his face as he gazed at Tony; Steve probably didn't know how stricken with wonder Tony was because Tony couldn't help but gaze at the star with wonder and wide eyes. The faint shining that surrounded Steve since the beginning of the night just grows stronger; it was still faint but this time Tony notice it without straining his eyes too much.
"You brats! If you are going to come inside of my workshop only to ignore me then I advise you to leave before I put you to work." Anton's threat, which got him a squeak of betrayal from his boy, making Anton hide his grin with a dark frown, it was so funny and easy to mess up with his son, especially when the boy was too expressive about it.
"Not… n-not a lot, but I remember…" Steve's voice cracked as he said those words, taking a shuddered breath before looking at Bucky who was still gazing at Steve with so much hope in his eyes. "W-we were going back home after an appointment with the doctor… you wanted to name our girl Sarah but I hated that… I wanted her to live her life as her own, not a reminder of Ma…" Steve's voice cracked when he heard Bucky let out a sob, clenching his hands into tight fists Steve continued. "Tony Stark crossed the red light and ended up T-boning the car on my side, I… I couldn't even warn you, it happened so fast that I…" Steve's voice trailed off, his lips trembling when Bucky slide down the ground and put his head on Steve's knees, his shoulders were shaking as he started whispering 'Sorry' over and over again. "I… I am so sorry I couldn't remember… so sorry for causing troubles…" Steve sniffled as he put one of his hands on Bucky's head and run it through his husband's tangled hair…
"Where the Avengers called out yesterday?" The pups asked wanting to know what was so important that the Alpha didn't show up, the Alpha gave a pained smile at that and nod his head, hoping that his boy will understand that Tony didn't mean to break their promise, he never wanted to break their promise, and he hated himself for doing it. "Who were you fighting?" Peter asked as he tilted his head, and Tony, no matter how much, aunt Peggy told him to keep what happened yesterday a secret, the wide eyes of his son as he looked at Tony was too much, it made the Alpha want to pull the baby back in his arms and hold him tightly, never letting go.
Hearing footsteps coming near him, Tony bite his trembling lips, trying desperately to hold his tears back; his eyes didn't stray away from his daughter, memorizing her delicate face and her blue, blue eyes that were looking at him with wonder. "Did you finally come to kill me?" Tony asked, not raising his head, refusing to raise his head as he wanted the last thing he ever saw to be his daughter's face.
' Tony shivered as he remembered the question Steven Rogers asked him, part of Tony wondered if it was related to why Rogers was still waiting in the lake even after years and years passed…
"Does it really matter?" Steven asked his smile widen when Tony's face paled at that, the blond man already knows that Tony won't do anything stupid after he knew that it was Steven who delivered that threat…
"Fuck you, asshole!" Steve screamed, the tears he held ever since the call was finally running down his face, he couldn't help it, feeling pained and betrayed that his husband was not only rubbing it in his face that he cheated on him, but thinks so little of him that he implied Steve cheating on him was the reason his husband did it; yes, Steve admits that he was overreacting to his husband kissing Pepper Potts, but did his husband really not realize the way he acted around Steve and how Howard was probably shoving Tony toward Pepper? Howard has no care in the word what Tony did with Steve as long as he ended up marrying Pepper Potts; the older Alpha made it clear to Steve the first time he met him, calling their marriage '
"Steve? Steve, are you here?" Hearing Bucky's voice caused Steve to let out a relieved sob, the tensing leaving his body at the thought of Bucky finally finding and saving him. Standing shakily, Steve walked toward the door before stopping, gazing at the door in confusion, straining his ears to hear the sounds of police sirens.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of angst, near-death situations, hunting and animal's death, Steve being protective AF, and Tony having inappropriate thoughts about Steve!!! All reviews are appreciated.
Thor's voice was heard in the background, and Steve didn't have to turn around to see Nebula holding him off, preventing Thor from coming too close to Steve and Tony. "Steve…" Tony whispered, his voice full of pain and hurt, and Steve couldn't help but blame himself, this was all on him, Tony was hurt because of him…
"Why, yes, I was expecting another foe… a strong one that is." Steven said as he avoided two bots like it was nothing taking one of them and crashing it in the wave that was coming toward him, causing them all to crush in the wall on the other side smiling a little when he heard the laughter from the rest of the Avengers.
His father seemed to finally catch up to him, and Tony didn't know what to think about that piece of information; it was a year, nearly a year since Tony ran away from home, away from the nightmare that was Howard Stark. If Tony had to guess how Howard seemed to catch up to him, Tony would suspect Stane, after all, the man did fine him and nearly killed him if it wasn't for Rogers saving him and his baby. The man probably told Howard about this place and when he disappeared for months Howard finally confirmed Stane and his suspicions.
Nightmares still haunt Tony when he was asleep, sometimes when he was awake, and sometimes when he saw his father or even aunt Peggy coming near him without being prepared for it mentally he will lose it and panic, it broke his heart that he fears aunt Peggy and his father, but the doctor told him it was normal, that he was isolated and hurt in the past six years that it was normal… it made Tony hate himself for being weak, he hates himself when his body relax at Steve Roger's scent, his fresh scent, like the forest after the rain, warmth of the bonfire, and strangely the scent of ice that surrounded him, it made him calm and sleepy, and he had to stop himself from purring aloud. He hasn't seen the Alpha in the past two weeks or so, which only succeeded in making his nightmares increase more than ever.
"You are not working while being pregnant, you hear me, Carbonell, if I hear as much as you holding a grocery bag I will kill you, you are going to accept help when someone offers it!" Natasha threat which made the teen pout even if he felt a little scared by her threat, him and Natasha got close in the past three months, she was like the older sister he never had.
Coulson hit his comm and murmured, "Romanov, we could use your help up here. Logan, get Creed to the jet. We'll be there soon with more company than anticipated. I want him secured in the least comfortable part of the cargo hold."
Shaken from his admiration of the woman's graceful form thus bared, Clint did as he was told, kicking off his biker boots and shrugging off his leather jacket, letting it hit the floor with a hard thump. He still had a close-fitting sleeveless crew neck on and his biking leathers, but he was too anxious to get to his intended target to worry about shucking off anything else. Kneeling between Nat's graceful legs, he dared to imply a little affection by lightly kissing her belly as his calloused fingers hooked onto the barely-there strings of the thong and tugged them slightly downward. His lips teased at the top of her panties before he moved lower, his tongue stroking her sex through the silky fabric of the thong.
Logan raised an eyebrow as if to say "make me," teasing Scott with shallow thrusts for a few moments before finally stroking his fingers across his lover's prostate once more. He moaned softly as he watched Scott writhe in pleasure, giving the man just enough time to calm himself before sliding his fingers over the sensitive spot once more. "Fuck, yes," he breathed, his own cock throbbing anxiously.
Bruce briefly considered adding that Tony was plan B, but refrained. That was between him and Steve to discuss. If Tony told him. But Tony wouldn't. Bruce sighed. //Sometimes there’s no upside to restraint.// "Tony's not going to tell you, but he's going to be the backup if Logan can't or won't use the gun," he said.
//I can't handle another minute o' this.// Logan was sick and tired of the parade of slaves, wannabe pimps, creepy billionaires, and shady nightclubs that had made up the majority of the past ninety-six hours of his life. He couldn't exactly declare that he was looking for "something with overpriced, red-tinted sunglasses and a weird penchant for boy bands" and have himself lead to the man he was looking for. Half of him wanted to wipe out every dingy little smallfry slave dealer he encountered and set all their "acquisitions" free, but he knew that he'd create a dead end for himself and for SHIELD if he did so. His mission was to save Scott and collect enough intel for SHIELD to be able to dig into this ring and shut it down in a more permanent fashion.
Scott quirked a smile at that. "I'm not ready to get out there yet. We both know it, but I just... it would be hard to leave this one lie." He didn't know how badly in debt the pair of them were to Natasha. He didn't want to know. Scott sighed and leaned into Logan's embrace. "After that, maybe some therapy." Normally Scott wasn't big on venting his problems to anyone, but he suspected he needed it to get through everything. If he was going to really get back to work and normalcy, he needed some help.
Steve's fingers clutched at the leather of the couch. It was probably a good thing he was without his enhanced strength or Tony would have been in the market for some serious repairs to the upholstery. "Do that again, please, Tony." It was becoming easier and easier to beg with each passing moment, and Steve found that he actually couldn't help it the more worked up he got. He supposed it was mostly easy because when he looked back at Tony, he could see how turned on his lover was. Knowing that Tony got off on it was enough to get him to do a whole hell of a lot of things.
Clint took a moment to realize he was being invited to join. He'd been far too busy watching various decidedly inappropriate parts of the two as they moved. Polishing off the second beer, Clint stood, feeling like he'd had enough to act a little stupid if necessary. He drew close to Nat, taking her hand and closing the distance easily. The beat was a low, steady throb, and he moved with her, his hands resting on her waist as he shifted with all the grace he'd developed over the years. When Phil got a little too close, Clint impulsively switched targets. It was meant as a tease, something to get Phil flustered all over again. "Let's see how well a suit can move," he said, his voice a little deeper than he'd intended as his hands moved to Phil's hips, thumbs hooking in the man's belt loops. He still kept a few inches between them even as his eyes locked with his handler's, a coy smirk on his lips.
Humor faded into stark disbelief as Loki raised one eyebrow. "Mmm, yes, I'm sure that your companions and SHIELD would be all too pleased to take me in. Are you naive or insane? Most people tend to assume that I'm the crazy one, but if you really think that's a possibility..." He spread his hands in a gesture of helplessness and leaned back against the headboard as if to get a better vantage point from which to consider the mortal. "My own family won't have me, Stark. I doubt that yours would."
Scott stared back as intensely as he could manage but broke first, grinning and then leaning in to kiss Logan almost gently. It wasn't chaste, but it was soft. "I'm not chickening out," he murmured before sealing their mouths together in an even less innocent kiss. His hands rose to trail up Logan's side in a ticklish fashion before settling on his hips. The man was solid muscle. Scott thrilled at the realization of the restrained strength against his body. "Tonight maybe I can show you." He wasn't interested in the idea of trying things out the first time feeling like a wrung out washcloth. "I'll even cook you some dinner. Make it romantic."
The reversal was almost startling, Clint's suddenly taking care of him. Coulson hadn't expected it, hadn't really even expected Clint to notice that he'd gotten a little banged up. It was usual. He was used to plucking glass out of Clint's hair and helping him butterfly together the odd gash as triage until they got to medical. The reverse was odd, but not unpleasant. Against his will, he felt the tension seeping from his body at the touch of Clint's hand against his skin. "Thank you. I'm pretty sure I'll survive."
"Nothing else smart to say, huh? Good boy," Clint purred, grasping his cock for a moment to run the lube-slick fingers teasingly over Scott’s entrance. The muscles were relaxed, and Clint could hear Scott all but panting beneath him. With a slight shift and a hook of his hips, he was pushing into the other man, moaning his pleasure. "God... god, you're tight for such a little whore," he grated, fingers digging into Scott's hips as he pushed forward.
Clint was more or less in a coma, snoring softly, for several hours. As his dreams drew to a close, though, he was back in the hallway with Logan. This time, fighting for his life and Coulson's. Deadly blades were buried in the Agent's chest before the archer could do anything about it. "Coulson!" The name jarred Clint awake, and he realized he was the one who'd said it. It hadn't been loud, but it had been enough. He was on the floor, tangled in a throw he didn't even remember falling asleep with. It took him a few seconds to remember where he was, and a few more before he could hear anything but his heart pounding in his ears. Sagging forward and propping his elbows on his knees, he rubbed a hand over his face and tried to relax. He'd get up when he was shaking less.
Hank, mindful of the potential for damage such things represented, moved to crouch near Coulson. "Agent Coulson, perhaps I'm overthinking this, but... is it really wise to have him... smash things in here?" he asked with the same level calm as someone asking 'one lump or two?'
Thor glanced uneasily at Sif, then back to those gathered. "I know that of which you speak, and it may well be the only thing that would truly prove to be Loki's undoing. It hasn't a name. It bonds to one master at a time, and takes the energy of others who attempt to use it. But as long as none among you have wielded it in battle, you have nothing to fear. I would be able to wield it for you and do the deed."
Bow drawn, Clint was perched on top of the wall surrounding the grungy building, watching the two through the dingy little factory window. He'd counted seven total in the place: two inside with the new recruit, and five outside on patrol for cops. He wondered again at the wisdom of picking up a guy who had some sort of ties to another organization and seemed to be pissing off his captor pretty thoroughly, to boot. He could read the thug's face; it was a look that said he was ready to get rid of a liability just as soon as he could think of a way to justify shooting a potentially valuable captive. //A guy that can turn invisible can't even keep a bunch of idiot thugs from finding him... and Thor mocks me for not having powers.// Clint didn't need anything but instinct and long practice for what came next. The moment he'd been waiting for. The thug turned just right, glanced over his shoulder for just a split second too long, and he was on the floor with half the shaft of a carbon nanotube arrow sticking out of his forehead, the glass from the now-shattered window all around him.
Steve let himself relax and smiled at how easily Tony had accepted the words and taken action. "Okay, good," he answered with a sigh, wondering what kind of fallout would be facing them the next morning. He suspected it would be a long week. Possibly a very, very long week. The idea made Steve wince, but it had to be done. He didn't want to spend his life hiding who he was and what he wanted to make anyone else happy. Being polite in public and treating people well, those were basic skills of proper behavior. Lying and hiding and putting on a false face was something else altogether. If the public intended to tear him apart for his orientation, Steve preferred the idea of getting it over with quickly. "I guess we should get back and get some rest while we still can. If Fury's this upset, he's bound to not be the only one."
"They all think you dead. For all they know, all I've done is dispose of your corpse. Since no one expects you to be alive, no one will be looking. Not even your lover." Loki reached out and grabbed Tony's hair, jerking the man's head back with all the strength he had. "You may not care for yourself, but surely you can appreciate the fact that he'll be destroyed. I know that I do. It's the least the lot of you deserve after all of this. I may have borrowed a bit of information, but you stole from me, you tried to kill me... what should I take from you?"
Steve breathed a sigh of relief and then climbed out of Tony's lap, holding his hands out. "I'll walk you to the lab." It would take all of three minutes, but that was three more minutes he got to spend holding hands with his lover. Besides, he couldn't keep hiding. He wanted to hide. He would have been infinitely more comfortable hiding. It just wouldn't help anything. If he was going to keep helping the team in the small ways he could, Steve needed to keep himself in the game. "I don't mind the holding hands part either, but... yeah, I kinda don't want to just hold hands." Being with Tony was too good to confine things to only the sweet and romantic even if it meant pushing himself away from what was comfortable. "We might just have to go a little slower than we would've otherwise is all."
Tony felt his blood run cold even as his pulse spiked. This was it. He looked over to Steve. "Babe..."
"Well, he's got the costume for a stage production, at least. But yeah... Once you're a grown-ass man... alien... thing... you really are kinda responsible for being a megalomaniacal douchebag," Clint decided, smirking faintly. It was cathartic bashing Loki with Coulson.
Logan settled back in his seat, grateful for the soothing contact. He didn't want to admit it, but the threat to Barton hadn't been idle. //We're all stressed,// he told himself. "Yeah. I get that. I'd be losin' my mind if it was you." //And we haven't exactly been together as long as they have.//
"Speaking of asses, why is Jarvis pestering me about a press conference, and why is the press up in my business more than usual?" Tony grumbled as he dragged into the kitchen. He actually looked half-presentable for before eleven in the morning.
Bucky found himself taken aback by the questioning. Poking into the shadows of his mind, looking for even the slightest  clue of that period of his life that remained a blank frightened him. "Well," he started, with a hint of uncertainty, "I guess you can say I've been a little bewildered." Bucky sighed, affecting a half smile. "The last thing I remember is falling to my death, and then suddenly I'm here. It's all a little too much to take in."
The question startled him, and Coulson realized he hadn't really considered that aspect of things. What might happen in his own future hadn't been of nearly as much importance as what the information might mean for his team. He blinked and tried to think but found himself struck by the look of concern on Clint's face. It made him feel like blushing and stammering, and Phil Coulson was not a man who did either of those things on a regular basis. "I hope not," he answered honestly after a moment to collect himself. "To be honest, I don't know. I don't know why I'm here. Like I said the other day, though, I know... I know it isn't normal."
Steve sucked in a quick breath, "Oh." His gaze locked on Tony's, but he couldn't manage any righteous anger. Yes, Tony was willing to let three teammates suffer, let them spend their lives in jail, but after that morning, Steve understood why. It was still selfish, but it also made him want to kiss the man senseless in front of everyone. "You know I have to do it, right?" He ignored everyone else in the room and watched only Tony.
Logan held the man tight, letting him cry. Scott bottled things up too much. It had been for the sake of the team when there had still been a team for him to lead. Now he definitely needed to let go. Logan didn't move, didn't speak until Scott did. At Scott's question, he smiled and pulled him into a gentle, chaste kiss that lingered nonetheless. As Logan drew back, he looked into Scott's eyes and nodded solemnly. "I do. I wasn't sure I'd get to tell you in person, but... glad I get to. I love ya, Scott."
"Well, I can't say I'd be great at writin' prose about deliverin' an ass-whippin', either, so I'll be sure to keep my thoughts to myself when he's around," Logan decided, sipping from his own bottle. He grinned at Scott and nodded about the 'equalizer' comment. "Yup, kinda levels the playin' field. Unless you're Stark. Then you just solve your equations in a much sloppier line than usual. Bein' dumb don't hurt sometimes. Like my case. I don't have the sense to not try and do stupidly heroic shit. So we win. So far." He sighed and frowned. "Well, mostly."
"Yeah. Sounds good." Darien felt shell-shocked by the whole experience. It hadn't been bad - quite the opposite, it had been great, but weird. At least without any external forces at play, things could get back to normal. They were both quiet on the drive back, and that suited Darien just fine. It gave him time to think about the strange new setting of his life. They went back to Clint's room just as Darien had expected. He was starting to think that Clint never did anything that he wasn't in control of, which was alternately exciting and disconcerting. He was so in his head that he didn't at first notice the gorgeous redhead draped in one of Clint's chairs.
Tony pointedly looked over his shoulder before giving Steve's ass a solid squeeze and moving closer. "My schedule's pretty open. Nobody trying to blow up the planet. I could probably just read a newspaper, play with one of my cars... nothing special. I mean, unless you had some ideas? Maybe a movie?" he suggested, acting decidedly naive but unable to affect the sort of innocence Steve was pulling off. It was kind of maddeningly sexy, the way the blonde could look so demure and yet be so damned hot between the sheets. "Might take a nap."
Clint woke the next day, momentarily confused as to where he was. It lasted only a few seconds, though, and he smiled a little as he realized the waist his arm was draped around was Phil's. With a smile, he pressed himself closer, feeling a tad mischievous as he let morning wood press against the other man's ass. Phil hadn't seemed to have any issues with him being turned on the night before, and he was feeling a touch more confident that morning.
Clint smiled, the expression predatory, giving Coulson's belt loops a tug to remind him to move. "Speechless?" he rumbled, pulling Phil closer. Their bodies still weren't quite plastered together yet, but Clint could feel his handler's body heat, and he found himself honestly wondering whether Phil would be game for more intimate contact. MUCH more intimate.
Steve hit the door a beat before the rest of them and kept an eye out while the others scurried away, the Brotherhood members breaking one way while most of them took another. He caught Bobby staring after them. "Whatever it is, it can wait," Steve assured him.
"You too!" Even being back on the plane didn't make Steve feel much better. He couldn't help looking with suspicion at the hammer still clutched in Clint's hand. "You should put that down," he finally said softly.
Natasha chuckled at his obvious surprise. "Sex is easy. Something that might be more than sex..." She shrugged and danced in close to Scott. "Appearances can be deceiving." It could still all go horribly wrong, and she knew it. Clint and feelings could get awkward pretty fast, and Coulson didn't exactly have a string of long, meaningful relationships behind him either. The hope was that together they could figure out the rough patches. "If you boys can do it, I think anyone can."
"That's so cool!" she enthused only to realize she'd stopped scanning after getting a dirty look from Logan. The girl hurried through the rest of the items and kept tittering and smiling at every small, polite comment for the rest of the transaction.
On the one hand, Coulson felt like he was intruding on a moment that was desperately private. On the other hand, he wasn't about to leave Tony Stark, king of self destruction, alone when he was such a mess. Instead Coulson settled for keeping quiet and looking carefully at all of the readouts around them, taking note of Steve's vitals and letting the cumulative information soothe him somewhat. The doctor was right: in a strange way, Steve was doing better if one chose not to think about the fact that he hadn't been in such poor health since the early 40s.
Clint had taken a moment to remember Ward as well in spite of having trained him as a fledgling agent. Something still didn't quite sit right with Clint when it came to Ward, but he figured it was just the fact that the man was kind of a dick. Clint's eyes fell closed as soon as he settled into his seat, and he was half out of it when he felt a firm hand push him back into it and yank the harness down over his head. His eyes flicked open to look up in startled confusion as Ward smirked cockily down at him and clipped the harness in place.
Instead of pulling away or chiding Tony for the intimate lapse, Steve leaned in and nuzzled against Tony's neck in return. "Really can't wait to get you home so I can just lay next to you," he confessed. Even sitting next to the man felt like being a world away when he wanted Tony folded up in his arms. "You scared the hell out of me back there."
"I've gotta be honest, I like him unbroken," Steve answered. Sometimes he wondered if he liked Tony a little too much. Being friends with his team was wonderful, but Steve had learned the hard way that romance and work could get pretty messy in combination, not least because their "work" tended to be so potentially deadly. "But we all want to slug him every now and then." Steve put a companionable hand on Logan's shoulder as they walked down the hall. "If he knows something, he wants everyone to know he knows it. If he has something to show you, he's like a five year old who just made a drawing they're really proud of. You just have to ride it out."
It took Tony an extra second to process the request. With a low moan, he opened his eyes and focused them on Steve's beautifully flushed face. "...feel so good," he managed, moaning with each of Steve's thrusts, his hips moving in time with the other man. He was soon moaning with each of the blonde's motions, his hands tightening on Steve's shoulders as if trying to keep himself anchored to reality. "Yes... like that... don't stop," he managed, the sentence punctuated with a strangled gasp of pleasure. A moment later he came hard, biting his bottom lip to keep from screaming loud enough to bring any late-night security guards running.
Logan smirked down at Natasha, eyes so dark they were almost black. "Probably not quite," he rumbled, "but I think he wants it that way." He gestured for Nat to move, then grabbed Scott's shoulder and unceremoniously flipped him onto his stomach. Logan was on top of him in an instant, nipping at the back of Scott's neck as he let his aching shaft drag between perfect buttocks. He licked and sucked and raised a hickey on a part of his lover's neck that would make it obvious to anyone who thought about it just what angle it had come from, then breathed in Scott's ear, "Tell me what you want. I wanna hear it."
"Well, Cap, if it's an order..." Tony trailed off and grinned a little. He knew Steve was about as crazy about giving orders as Tony was about following them; it was just something they both had to do once in awhile. He leaned in and pressed a few fleeting kisses to Steve's neck. "What I mean is, be my guest."
Steve knew that once upon a time, he would've had no problem at all fitting into the backseat regardless of sharing it with someone else. It was worth it to be a little less comfortable to see the light of desire in Tony's eyes, and Steve groaned as he jerked Tony's hips in closer. It was good to know that they didn't need something special. The tryst with Logan had been good, but underneath it all, Steve couldn't help but be terrified that Tony was going to do what Tony always did. No matter how good things were, he found a way to tear them apart most of the time. He ran from everything: friends, relationships. If he'd had any family left, Steve suspected he would've run from that too. He knew the risks. Intellectually, Steve knew that Tony was more likely to find someone else or leave outright than to stick around, but he couldn't help hoping. He couldn't help wanting. Putting common sense firmly aside, Steve let his eyes fall closed and just enjoyed.
Scott considered that. He felt uneasy at the idea, but he knew he wasn't going to become self sufficient letting himself constantly rely on Logan even if it was only for emotional protection. "Yeah. Probably. And, look, if I'm not, you're not planning on changing rooms the second I leave, right? I can find you. I can get help from you if I need it." He offered a tentative smile. "Right?"
"I'll see if I can work it into my schedule. No promises," Tony replied, smiling at the feel of Steve's lips against his hand. The minute the nurse let go of his other wrist, he grabbed Steve by the uniform and dragged him into a quick kiss, no doubt flustering the nurse further. He settled back and smiled at the blonde, wincing as his stitches reminded him he needed to stay still. "Ya know, you could've gone off and changed into real people clothes. Not that I don't think you look damn sexy all spangled up."
Even though Tony knows not to get closer to the man (Courtesy of the villains who liked to make cheap shots) Tony still did, he walked closer to take the man in, whistling when he saw his face more clearly, and tilting his head at the glowing necklace with the bluestone… it was familiar in some way…
Steven Grant Rogers. That was the name of the Rogers's son, Steven Grant Rogers; a kid of 18 years old, a kid that's younger than Tony by only a year. A kid that was beaten in his house so brutally that the officers who arrived at the scene didn't believe what they saw; a kid who was dragged to be drowned in the lake. All because some bullies in his class had grudge against him. Bullies who turned out that one of them was Alexander Peirce's son. Alexander Peirce; a teacher who assaults a female student and threatens her to do his bedding causing her to choose the way of suicide to escape from his claws. A scumbag who was exposed by Steven Grant Rogers and went to jail.
"Pepper, you must come and see this, bring Morgan with you." Rhodey said in what looked like a dreamy voice, and it took a minute for Tony to realize that his best friend was talking through the walkie-talkie too enchanted by this small room to pay attention. "Did you know about this place?" Rhodey asked as he walked through the room, picking up toys and books to inspect them, only to put them back to their place.
"How did you know?" Tony hissed as he looked at Steven who was looking at his nails with amused look hidden deep in his eyes, no one, practically no one knew about this dark secret other than Dummy, and he made that AI mute just so his secrets will be saved! But this 'Steve' comes to expose him in five seconds flat! How did he know?
Peter paused a little then nodded his head at the logical answer, returning to his invention with a focused look on his face as Steve returned to tidying the kitchen, looking tired more than he was a few seconds ago. "What does 'Bambino' mean, Mommy?" Peter asked a few minutes later which made Steve bite his lower lip harshly that he tasted a little bit of blood.
"Don't you dare call him that!" Steve remembered shouting at the woman glaring at her with hate. "You have no right to call him that, especially after refusing to come when he asked for you on his…" Steve's voice cracked and he shook his head. "Get out." Steve ends up saying leaving the HQ not caring about his friends calling out for him.
Pale white form, pale blond hair that almost looked white, tall and muscled body, so different from the photo Tony saw of Steven Rogers, the thin and short boy who was ninety-pound soaked wet. What made Tony freeze in his place though were the dark blue eyes when they finally fell on him, causing Tony's body to tense as the fight or flight instincts start warring inside him; demanding that Tony is to run.
"He didn't hurt you, did he?" Tony ends up saying after opening his mouth and closing it a little not knowing what to do, because the pup was looking at him with so much distress in his eyes it made Tony's Omega plead with him to pull the pup toward his chest and hide him away from the world so he wouldn't be hurt anymore, the pup sniff at that and look at his right hand, hugging the toy tightly to his chest. "Does it hurt, darling?" Tony cooed gently, and he saw something pass in the pup's eyes before the small pup throw himself at Tony hugging the Omega tightly and start crying, which made the Omega held into the pup and rocking him gently, whispering encouraging words to him, and telling him how proud he was because the pup was brave.
"The last time someone made me angry, half of the universe was nearly destroyed, and my Shield ended up broken." That statement made Loki inhale sharply as he looked at the blond man, eyes widen at the true meaning of these words, and it made him put his cup down and gaze at the man in wonder…
"Hi… Peggy." He whispered to the woman that was reading her book, the woman looked at him and Steve had to give a smile, Peggy looked as beautiful as ever, no hair out of place, and still wearing that red lipstick, and the most important part, she doesn't look older than 35 years old, simply put, she was beautiful.
The next day you could see Rhodey and Tony working all around the house and the gardens surrounding Tony's home; from the outside of the house to the inside. Tony and Rhodey didn't leave an inch that they haven't put in their calculation of making the house more secure and protected. Yesterday, Tony and Rhodey spent all night checking and rechecking the places that they will install Jarvis' cameras, sensors, and speakers; Tony even updated the A.I.'s data. Nothing was going to stop Tony from protecting his home, not even himself.
"It's stupid…" Peter murmured before inhaling, rubbing his nose with his arm, making Tony scrunch his nose and take some tissues from the table beside him, wiping the boy's nose and arms.
You will think that being cursed to marry an Addams will make the universe stop torturing you for at least a day, but guess what? When the universe hates you more than you hate yourself for being an idiot who married an Addams, it doesn't matter. That's why a week after the unfortunate day of him discovering that he is marring and Addams, and him having a year to do it or he will be cursed with death, pain, and torture (Serpentine's words not Rogers…) Tony found himself sitting in the living room, getting attacked publicly by Hammer from all people on national TV; Hammer who was showing false evidence about SI avoiding taxes and dealing under the table.
"J.A.R.V.I.S. play a yoga video for me, make sure it's for beginners," Tony ordered as he unrolled his mat and stood on it, stretching a little as he waited for the A.I. to play the video that Tony requested; Tony doesn't know what he would encounter while doing yoga, so it's better to be on the safe side than pulling a muscle and walk funny for the rest of the day. It was a few seconds later that the video started, and with it, Tony started taking a pose after a pose, breathing deeply in and out.
At least that's what Steve thought before he went to the living room, finding Bucky there glaring at the Betas who were working to change the broken windows. "Bucky, have you seen Tony anywhere?" Steve asked hopefully, hoping that Tony was nearby so that they could have a calm evening together.
A few months later when he was on a mission, after he begged and begged Howard to reclaim his place as the CEO, so Steve can finally go to missions again. Howard sighs but gives a tired smile to Steve, and gives him a paid vacation… he wasn't going to lose his best CEO just because Steve got cold feet… Howard's words, not him. So after months of absent Steve was finally going on a mission, this time Peggy had asked him to take Natasha and Clint with him, to see how the two of them will act if they worked together.
Shaking his head, Tony smile as he opened the back door of the car, picking up Morgan and holding her tightly in his arms, wondering what would greet them once they go inside the house; Tony hoped that all of his furniture was left intact, especially Morgan's room, for he loves the playroom Steven made years and years ago.
“Do you need to ask?” Tony replies cheekily, giving Steve his hand, his grin nearly splitting his face in two when Steve secured the ring around his ring finger. “Thank you for not kneeling, I don’t think I could have handled the anxiety of you doing that.” Tony joked, getting a chuckle from Steve. “You still didn’t kiss me, I’m waiting.” Steve laughed, pulling Tony tightly toward his body before kissing him; Tony let out a content sigh through his nose, pulling Steve toward him until there was not even a small space between them, kissing him over and over again…
The hitched breath and panicked scent coming from the Omega alerted Steve who was about to enter the children's room, he then turned to Tony and Maria with a pinched look on his face. "It will be better for Peter." Steve ends up saying after a while of silence which made the Omega turn to him with a glare. "He will be able to interact with children his age and will have therapy while he is there, you can even finish and come here to play with him, or you can take Peter with you to the therapy, and in the end when the time comes, he will still be afraid of any adult he sees, and will never be able to make any social interaction with any person, because he never learned 'how', which will end up destroying his self-esteem. No pressure, it's your choice." Steve said while he nodded his head, turning to the glass door when he heard the children screamed his name, which caused a smile to come over his face and gave a goodbye nod to the group as he entered the room, only to be surrounded by children.
Steven had always known about his people way of life before he was taken away from them. They went by many names, but the one that struck fear in people's hearts had been just one: Vikings. Powerful men and women, from Alphas to Omegas, with no discrimination about dynamic or gender. They who worshiped their Gods who were very different from the Christian one he was forced to learning about, and who seemed to really dislike the rival religion, and he won't fault them for that, for the Christians had killed his parents and took him a hostage forcing him into a marriage bending his life forever in the name of their God. He lost the count of how many times he overheard Johann and his advisors discussing the attacks to monasteries or Christian communities in distant kingdoms, or how the Scandinavian pirates seemed to be causing a ruckus at the seas. Was pretty sure that one of Johann's ships had been attacked by Vikings once, and he remembers that Johann had a particularly nasty mood during those days, he remembered the day for it was after his children were born and Johann's decision to kill one of them as revenge on him. Other than that, there was no Vikings that had been seen around Hydra kingdom, seeing that Johann's people were strategically far away from the North where they live.
"Excuse me?" Steve asked as he turned to the older man, the fight leaving him a little when the Beta gave him a happy smile as his eyes soften when it fell on Steve's pregnant belly. OK, maybe the man wasn't talking to Steve, maybe the man was talking to someone else on the phone and Steve just happen to be here and hear the man's words, thinking that they were meant for him.
a small part of Steve was hurt with how casual he was thinking of Tony leaving him and their daughter, but it wasn't like Tony made him think of anything else with his constant absence and uncaring attitude; as much as Steve wanted to blame Howard for what he did to Tony, Steve knew that unless Tony acted like that willingly, even Howard can't control him to do his bidding.
Two weeks passed too fast to Tony's liking but hey! Nothing ever was to his liking, so anyway Tony walked nervously to Sarah Rogers house, after all, he may have been there once or twice, but the thing is her son was coming in today, and anyway Tony was as awkward as they came, he was sure that by the end of the day he will scare the poor bastard away.
Tony was… Tony was going to die; Tony was going to die in Thanos' hands… Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony! Steve's breath hitched as he stood on his shaky legs trying to support himself and rush to save his lover…
"It was Tony Stark, wasn't it?" Steve asked after he saw Bucky calm down, his words getting a confused noise, which made Steve shudder as he finally gathered himself to ask the question that had been running through his mind since he woke up from his daze. "It was Tony Stark who slammed into our car when we were going home, wasn't he?" Steve continued, noticing how Bucky stilled before looking away, a pained look taking over the man's face before hope bloomed in his tired eyes.
Tony on the other hand could only stand frozen in his place and gaze at Steve with wide eyes, his mind going into overdrive as he tried to make sense of what Steve just told him; Tony was sure that smoke was already leaving his ears as his mind failed to make a head or a tail of what that crazy Addams just told him. Sent to kill his parents? Making a deal? Also, his parents doom him by giving him to Steve some seventeen years ago and Steve wanting to break the deal by killing his parents until he decided not?! (The killing part was implied but still, this was Steve he was talking about) What the hell?!
The spent a few more minutes, with Steven telling his child more about the tree of life and the realms surrounding it, but it was put on hold when they heard the door to James's room being slammed open, making both the mother and son jump, Steven though, was able to hide the sheet of paper under a book he saw before standing and looking at the person behind him tensing when he saw Johann looking at them with a scowl on his face. Steven stood still as a rock while putting his son behind him, not taking his eyes off of Johann who walked toward the pair, frowning when he reached Steven, whose face was emotionless. "You bathed." Johann spat his words pointing to the lack of his scent on the Omega.
Tony shook his head with a smile, waving to the too before he stopped by the lake, and against his better judgment he stared out at the still waters and the insects skimming over the surface. "I'm not going anywhere…" Tony called out to the silent depths. "I got no place else to go." Tony felt foolish, talking to the lake like it was a person, but Bucky's warning still rang in his head making him square his shoulders, Tony shoved his hands into his pockets, kicking his heels against the deck.
"That's the thing, Mr. Wilson, I don't have any photos," Tony informed the social worker, which made the Beta raised his eyebrow and give Tony a long look, questioning, studying. "The thing is my father or his partner I don't know the full details gave my pup to another family in a closed adoption without my consent, taking advantage of me being underage at the time of the birth," Tony stated which made Sam wince at Tony's tale, unfortunately, a lot of parents using the advantage of their children being underage to give their pups away, this wasn't the first story, nor would it be the last, but he hoped that things changed in the years that will come…
It was a little awkward the first few minutes, Tony admits that sleeping near Harley was not like sleeping near Peter who was a starfish when he sleeps, hands and legs all over the place causing Steve and him to shift near the edge and sometimes fall from the bed; Harley, on the other hand, he holds himself in a fetal position, trying to make himself as small as he can, which made Tony's heart give a sad pang at that.
His dark blue eyes were glowing with an unearthly glow, freezing everyone who was foolish enough to look at them. His body was full of scars and slashes, informing Tony of heavy beating and murder attempts, the bullets that Tony saw decorating Rogers's torso did nothing but confirm it. Last but not least… there was something dancing behind Rogers, it was too transparent to give Tony any visual, but gazing too long at it made terror crawl inside Tony, urging him to run and run.
"Now you listen here, you crazy…" Whatever word Steven was planning on spewing next got stuck in his throat as his face paled when his eyes fell on the person who spoke to him… his eyes immediately took in the dark brown eyes, the dark brown hair, and the tan skin, taking in the difference and the similarity he used to do when he sees Anton after he was reborn again denial, and pain taking over him as his breath hitched at the sight in front of him, at the sight of… "Anton…" Steven's voice cracked as he said that cursed name, taking a step back, wanting to be away from this nightmare, away from him… "No, no, no, no…" Steven's repeated under his breath, shaking as the shock thrummed in his system, it was only a few seconds after that the world tilted and everything turned dark…
Steve heard enough so he thrust the door open, startling both Howard and Peggy. "I'm sorry for interrupting but the mission is done…" Steve said trying not to look at Howard's broken eyes as the older man tried to get hold of himself…
Steve felt himself became lightheaded and faintly he could hear the heart monitor became crazy, his breath was coming out in a chocked gasps and he wondered for a second if he was having a panic attack, or maybe a heart attack? He doesn't know but he thinks he was going to faint any minute now.
Arriving to the mansion was a dream come true for Tony, as his heart pounded in his chest uncontrollably like it was about to escape him, but what made him choke in fear were the reporters that were lined around his home, the vans were lined up on one side and the people and reporters that were waiting for them were so many, it was a huge crowd! Not a thirty person or so, no! They were at least over two-hundred, that made Tony give a choked gasp, it was one thing meeting a reporter or two, it was another to meet a crowd of them, and what about his baby? They will scare him for life more than he already was, that made Tony shake and pull his child tightly to his chest, thankfully the pup had fallen asleep an hour ago and didn't see this sight.
Prostitution was out of the way, considering that Anton passed a law that forbade prostitution and rape (And Steven offering his body for the Shield fall under the second option), branding anyone who did these acts as outlawed; forcing those who sold their body to find other jobs that enable them to be safe from being preyed on, and punishing those who prey on the weak. So unless Steven offered to be a slave or a worker to pay the price for the Shield, there is no other way for the Omega to gain his property back. (4)
Shakily Tony rushed to his dresser, taking another sweater and his coat, wearing them as fast as he can before he books it out of his house, standing still as he gazed at the lake that seemed unnaturally quiet today, not even one insect buzzing around it, a sight so unnerving that Tony rushed away from his house to the town, ignoring the fact that he forgot to wear shoes.
"His name, please!" Tony begged voice cracking as he did, he have a son, a small boy that would look like his Stevie, a little artist or scientist who will be too smart for his own good, making Tony worry about him six-ways to Sunday, troublemaker like his mate who doesn't like bullies.
"I never said Peter's father was a Stark." Steve hissed which made Bucky pale as he realized his mistake, he should have known that Steve will pick up on his mistake after all the blond, even if he wasn't a genius like Stark, he was smart and observant, and Bucky just throws himself to the sharks. "Did he send you? What kind of soup opera did he tell you to get you on his side? Knowing him it would have been a heartbreaking one, he is a good actor after all." Steve hissed as he let go of Bucky looking at the Alpha with betrayal which made Bucky swallow at that.
And something inside Peter snapped, he let out a sob and throw himself in the Alpha's arms, letting out whines mixed with sobs as he clutches the man's shirt, taking shuddered breathes when the man held him tightly, whispering.
… a strong grip for a body that was failing its owner, the Omega looked at him for a little while then blinked… "Please… save h-him…" Before Steve was able to reassure the Omega, the grip on his suit slack and Omega passed out, Steve could hear the screams from outside of the cell, but if Steve tilts his head to the side… there was no singing... for the first time in six years…
Tony could only chuckle at the cute sight, a happy but tired smile taking over his face as he snuggle into the pillow behind him, and purring when his babies, nuzzled and scent him. "Her name is Morgan…" Tony said loudly when he spotted his family entering the room, smiling amusingly at how disheveled Howard look as he followed after Sarah, looking like he spent the past thirteen hours with Tony through the labor instead of Peter and Harley.
The silence that followed was more deafening than the cries and threats Tony said not a few seconds ago, and everyone wondered deep inside if the Omega did succeed in killing Steve. The crying that came from inside the room made everyone jump from their seats and run toward the door in front of them, because no mistake, that was a baby wailing.
And now here he was, standing over those who dared to act like they were kings in his place, passing judgment and acting without an order from him, they just signed their death, and they knew it if their pale faces and the fear shining in their eyes were any indications. They were shifting around the place, the six of them, Starkad knew them, and he knew about their lives, trouble makers they were, and if it was up to Starkad he would have kicked them out of his village a long time ago, but with Hamar's father being one of the influential members of the village his hands were tied, but thanks to Hamar stupidity, any punishment is now within Starkad's right to apply, and he was going to kill all of them, unfortunately, he can't kill Hamar for his father threaten that if his son is to die, then they shall see what they don't like, but it doesn't mean that the punishment Starkad will serve will be light; oh, no, the punishment Starkad has in mind will make Hamar wish for death after he was done with him, it will make Hamar's father beg him to kill that useless Alpha.
"And what the fuck do you think I have been doing for the past ten years?" Tony snapped, but he made sure that his voice was quiet as to not wake the poor pup sleeping in the next room, his words made Steve give him a sad knowing smile, and for a second Tony hated him for daring to smile like this.
"N-no, it's OK, I don't mind, though I hope you know what you did are dangerous, little mister." Tony frown at the pup who was puffing his cheeks looking like an angry rabbit, it was one thing for the pup to run when his parent with him, it was another with him trying to sneak off without his parent, and not to forget that the pup nearly got kidnap nearly two weeks ago, that memory nearly made Tony tense and snatch the pup from the floor and hide him in his arms which was weird…
It took another two days before Braes finally decided to let go of Steven, on the threat of him returning once a day so that the healer will check the stitches and give him the herbal ointment. In truth, the healer had wanted Steven to stay inside the hut for a fortnight, until the wound was closed and turn into nothing but a scar, but Steven, who was used to such treatment refused. Steven refused, because being inside the hut with nothing but his dark thoughts keeping him company was a waiting disaster; Steven knows that if he said something, Margaret or even his baby would keep his company as long as he likes, but even Steven value his alone time too much for him to let the two be imprisoned with him.
Steve made sure to roll the bed toward Tony's and with Jarvis's help the merged Tony and the pup's beds together lowering the bars, last Tony wanted to hold his child comfortably. Steve smiled when he saw how Tony's body relaxes when he smelled his child nearby, he turned to see Peggy and Howard looking at the doctors with dark looks, Howard was taking their names while Peggy was on the phone with someone, ordering them to do a full background check on the names Howard was saying out loud…
"I admit acting like this is also very strange to me… but until now I have not thought of what you have lost; only what I have gained from your loss. Maybe I am trying to change, maybe I am not." The king stated which Steven did nothing but raise his brow at the Alpha which made the king grumble; men like the king didn't say words like these unless they wanted something. "Fine, right now the two of us have one enemy in common, and that is Tyber and his clan. If the two of us wanted to get rid of them we need to work together on this." The king stated causing Steven to snort, of course, the king couldn't admit the truth, or it would be very un-kingly of him.
It was hectic months and admittedly Tony was tired all the time, between helping SI create the patches, going to his therapy twice a week, and taking care of his baby, who finally turned five years old not a week ago; every time Tony saw his child he tears up, for Peter was healthy and growing, how long did he wish for his baby to have the childhood he always deserves, and to Tony's delight his prayers were answered against all odds.
, who looked just like their son and who loved playing with Natasha and cause mischief was out of the town. Is that right? Is that right?" Tony snapped when Natasha didn't answer causing the woman to lower her head in shame and nod. "Thank you, Natasha, for showing me who is the real villain after all, and surprise, surprise, it was never Rogers, to begin with, just the crazies who live here." Tony spat, feeling his anger and disbelieve rise at the thought, of him blaming a victim just like him when the real monsters were those living in the town.
"He is right, Steve, please calm down." Peggy said glaring at Steve, hoping that he will see reason and not rush off like an idiot and uncovered what Steven told them not five minutes ago, Peggy and Steve continues to glare at one another until the blond Alpha let go of Peggy and returned to the team standing beside Tony who tried not to back away from the Alpha, Peggy looked at her nephew only to see the pain and heartbreak hiding deep in his eyes, and she had to sigh at that, she had begged the Omega to not fall in love with the blond Alpha, but it seems that her pleas were unheard. "What are we going to do then, shut down Project Insight," Peggy asked after she turned to Steven causing the man who was glaring at his counterpart to turn to her.
"Was it because of the Infinity Stones?" Thor asked as he took a step toward Steven, he had only returned a few hours ago to carry the news of his father wanting to meet Steven, only to see Peggy and Anthony trying to revive Steven who was losing his lifeforce, that was until the strange woman appeared from a portal and offered her help.
But Tony had to be true to himself, it was a beautiful town, if badly named, wide streets and tall, red-painted buildings, with beautiful houses. With so many lakes and rivers running around, that Tony passed through on his long drive, and there are a few running through the town. It will be a beautiful place for his baby to grow up in, and he has enough money from his saving and from his mother that he will be able to live a luxurious life for the rest of his long one with his baby.
That was the joyful sound of his uncle Gomez made Steve smile a little, it had been years since the last time he heard the cheerful tone of his uncle; when he was young, Steve wished to have an amazing relationship like his uncle Gomez and aunt Morticia, and when he met Tony, Steve really thought he will have the relationship he always wished for, only for his hopes to dash. "Oh, I feel thousands of feet to my death only to survive and losing my left arm which was replaced by a metal one when Hydra took me as a POW, they tortured me for seventy years, turning me into their super-assassin that was credited with over a thousand hit, I was saved a few months ago by Bucky who survived being frozen in the arctic due to the serum." Steve deadpanned, waiting for what his family will say.
When the coffee machine ding signaling to the blond that it did its job, the Omega carefully took the mug from the machine, putting it on a tray with the compresses, walking quietly to the living room, not wanting to make too much sound and disturbing whatever rest James was able to get after what took a place not half an hour ago.
"It has been three weeks since the day all lives in the world ended…" Tony hissed as he looked at the camera in front of him, already planning his counter-attack still remembers what it felt like to be chased by that stupid Rogers-Addams freak, and to be honest, Tony was about to snap. "I had to do a serious modification to my lab to stop that monster from coming here ever again!" Dum-E could be heard in the background, putting the cute fluffy toys in the place that Tony ordered him to. He was peeping happily as he waved to a cute white bear before returning to his work, ignoring the growls that Tony let out in the corner. "It's hard, living without any human contact, food is sacred and comes every blue moon, there are a lot of assassins waiting for my head out there, but I need to be strong or else! The world is going to end." Tony leaned on his chair, pain and helplessness painting his face as he gazed at the video he was recording, wondering what will happen to him now.
"Wait! So you are telling me that people bullied him because he was modest and refused to watch a woman birth her baby? Are you for real?" Tony raised his eyebrow at what he heard, not believing that a person can be bullied because he wasn't into seeing a bloody mess and squirming babies. "When I had Peter I kept screaming at the people to get their eyes off me, and he is being called crazy for not looking at woman's vagina? I now regret calling him crazy…" Tony rolled his eyes and cross his arms, turning his gaze to the blond who was on the sofa. "So tell me what changed that he suddenly became popular and wanted?" Tony questioned, curiously getting the better of him.
Dr. Cho smiled at that happily, leading Tony to the machine that was in the corner, Tony sat on the chair and raised his shirt making the woman hum. "Now, this is going to feel cold." She said making Tony jump a little as he felt something sticky and cold on his tummy, he glared at the doctor who chuckled softly; Tony looked away, hoping that the woman will be done soon so he could leave.
"Tony!" Howard's voice was tight as he spoke his name, wanting to run to the Omega and hide him from Stane's leering eyes, but he was stopped by Peggy who shook her head and sent the older Alpha a pointed look. It was a clear order for him to stand down, that this was not his battle and that Tony was the one who needed to face this.
Tony wondered for the past three months why didn't he say anything, he wondered and hated himself when he realized that he had already accepted his daughter's death the day Stane had shot him; Tony's mind had accepted his baby's death, but his heart couldn't, wouldn't, that's why he latched desperately into the child everyone offered him, not caring from where she came, only caring that she was his Morgan and that she was going to stay with him. Maybe, just maybe that made him even worse than this godforsaken town and the people in it.
"All the news I read about, they only praise Rogers for his heroism and how he managed to expose Pierce, but that was not it? Those articles were just guilt-written words that were wrote in the hope of abasing the beast, was it?" Tony stated, leaning a little in his chair, his mind going over the articles he read and how perfect they nearly seemed, praising Rogers like he was a God, something that only happened after his death.
The scrubby grass stretching from the shoreline to the cabin was torn up and ragged, with deep gouges in the damp earth; Mrs. Carter looked around the place humming to herself. "There's a boathouse around the side. I am pretty sure there's still a boat inside, after all, it's rare that someone comes here, a quiet place for relaxation though." Mrs. Carter then headed to the porch with Tony following behind her, and Tony was grateful for the woman because Tony could swear that when he stared at the lake, it stared right back at him… maybe it was the autumn air? "The last owners were the Rogers family, they left the place thirty years ago, and they didn't take the furniture with them so you can help yourself with it." The woman hummed as she goes up the small flight of stairs before talking once more. "On the first floor you got a living room, a kitchen, plus a bathroom and a bedroom, the second floor contains two bedrooms and a bathroom, you also have an attic of a sort." The woman unlocked the door and push it opened grumbling at the rusted hangings. "There's a fireplace in the living room, so make sure you've got plenty of fuel stored for winter and… Dear lord!" The woman gasped out in horror which made Tony sidestep the woman to look at what caused that reaction.
"No one, she is no one," Tony said, coming near Harley and run his hand through the boy's hair, smiling softly when the boy looked up. "You don't have to worry about that woman anymore, sweetie, Steve and I are going to handle everything and she won't come to our home ever again," Tony reassured the boy, getting a hum from Harley who finally relaxed and took another bite of his ice cream. "The same is said to you, Pete," Peter to his credit only nodded his head and finish his ice cream, then turning his attention to Harley as he tried to steal his brother's ice cream and failing. "Steve, are you leaving?" Tony asked when he saw a grumpy Steve enter the kitchen a frown on his face as he looked at the phone in his hand.
The first thing the Omega did was checking on the small pup, frowning when he saw the child holding the toy the Omega gave to him tightly, the dried tears on the baby's face made Tony hate himself, made him feel like he was scum for making the sweet child cry when the pup wanted nothing but happiness for Tony, the Omega kissed the boy's forehead gently, covering him when he saw that the blanket was about to fall off of the bed.
"Is he now?" Steve asked, relief visible in his voice, showing Tony how stress Steve was about their baby's health. It only made the news Tony was about to tell his love sweeter and hopeful; he wonders what his mate will do when Tony was going to tell him the good news.
"What are you saying Pep? I am happy," Tony said making Pepper sigh at that and look at him with sadness.
"And how do you know that? More importantly, how do you know Asgardian?" Tony said with a pout as he took the book back while glaring at it, hoping that it will magically turn into English or any of the ten other languages he knows, he can't believe that a book this seductive can't be read by him, this is an outrage!
Steve wasn't even able to go home and check on Dummy and JARVIS, but Jarvis, who usually go home for a little bit every day, trying to prepare the place for Tony's return, told him that everything was OK, still, he missed those two, they were like children to him, believe it or not. The first day at work, Steve spent it locked in his office, Natasha usually come to update him about what took a place when he was away, Clint was there too, asking about the Omega and pup with a worried look on his face, Phil took the job as his secretary and was the one who reminds him to eat something every minute that pass, Fury and Maria were on a mission, something about Aliens coming to earth and whatnot… Steve nearly slammed his head on the table… aliens, like Steve, needed to hear about something like this (He stopped being surprised after waking up from the ice 42 years later) But to be honest, he was grateful for the five spies, if it weren't for them, Steve didn't know what he would have done.
"Guys, what the hell is wrong with you, this is a cat, C-A-T, cat, and a cute one at that, aren't you… Goose…" Tony cooed to the cat after reading her name on her collar, he saw how Steve was smiling happily at him and he tried to hide his flushed face by lowering his head to the cat. "They were so mean, weren't they? Calling you alien." Tony said which made the cat look at him then look at the table near them.
By the end of the day, Steve was so exhausted that he couldn't keep his eyes open even if he tried; Tony was still on his phone, talking with God knows who and ignoring how Steve was in danger of sleeping while he was standing up. "Maybe you should go and sleep." It was Bucky who seemed to notice that Steve was dropping off to sleep, trying to lead Steve to his bedroom before he dozed up leaning on the wall like the Omega planned.
?' making Tony's heart melt at the cute sight. "Of course, sweetie," Tony smiled as he stood up, leading Harley toward the bed letting out his comforting scent as he saw Harley get more comfortable in the bed, before getting under the sheets with him.
"Does he love you?" Steven asked gently which the Omega nodded his head at that and fast as if he was trying to convince Steven that Rogers was really in love with him, sadly Steven doubt that. "I talked with Peggy…" Steven ended up saying which made Tony swallow and clench his fists. "And I have to tell you, she wasn't happy, me too, Tony, not after I learned you were twenty." That made Tony bites his lower lip.
Tony did end up going to his therapy season, two weeks after he returned home, and it wasn't for his lack of trying to dodge the therapy seasons either. But beggars can't be choosers; he was relieved when he made his mother reduce the seasons from four times a week to thrice a week. And apparently, Steve was coming with them because he was a volunteer in the Omegas' clinic they were going to, Tony didn't know what to think, as he took his place in Steve's car, which was a nice black sports car, which made Tony flush because he always wanted to ride in a car like this, but it was mainly because he wanted to take the car apart and look at what's inside of it, and maybe even build a better engine, but Tony's stopped that thought before it can grow, the Omega didn't dare to touch a screwdriver since he was saved.
Peggy, it was nice to see her again, to talk with her and hear her, and just be near her in general, indeed, he doesn't love her anymore, their ship had long since sale, but that doesn't mean she didn't have a special place in his heart, after all, she was his 'Best Girl' the woman he went to when he needed someone to guide him.
"Is that all or is there something else I should be aware of?" Steven asked through his grinding teeth, already knowing that the king gave him an impossible schedule to follow considering how big the house and the gardens are, especially the garden if it already has a stable in it, Steven knew that he will work before dawn even broke to Matins if he wanted to finish the work that the arrogant Alpha gave him, these kinds of chores need at least three other people with Steven to finish in time.
Reaching Steve's room, Tony had to take a deep breath, so deep, that when he kicked the door, he didn't feel like shit for trespassing. When the door opened, Tony gave a confused noise when he saw that instead of the door leading to Steve's room, it actually leads to stairs that go down and down with no visible end to them; it will be totally justified if Tony turned around and ignored this place, but his anger is far too strong for his fleet instincts to work.
"I'm going to kill you…" Tony hissed when he returned his gaze to Zemo, ignoring the scuff the foolish man gave him, and with one last roar, he was able to thrust his hand through the bearer and take hold of the front of Zemo's armor who was standing near the bearer and he pulled the man, ignoring how his suit was sizzling and how Zemo was shrieking in pain as Tony slammed his face into the bearer.
"Oh, my Addams! When is the wedding?" Serpentine asked, her eyes going distant as stars start sparkling around the ghost as she starts muttering about the guests' list and baby Addams and creepy ever after. Several things happened when Serpentine's words decided to make sense in Tony's mind, the first was Tony freezing like a rabbit who was caught by a hungry pack of wolves, the second was Bucky giving a war cry and ran to attack him but was tripped by Pepper who fainted at the killer blow of seeing a ghost and hearing about Tony's marriage, and thirdly Natasha who could only blink her eyes and swayed, sliding down to sit on Bucky's back, the shock was too much to keep her standing.
The woman sighed and shook her head looking at the boy with a small smile. "Just like your mother, I swear, come on now, your Mommy called, he is home." Tony looked at the pup that lights up like a Christmas tree when the woman told him about his mother. "I'm sorry if he causes you trouble, Mr. Stark." The woman said which made Tony turn to her.
"Steve!" Steve heard someone screaming his name which made him turn his head to look at Peggy, Natasha, Fury, and Stane running down… Stane's face was red and Steve wonder if the flash of fear he saw in his eyes for a second was real. "Steve! What's going on?" Peggy whispered frantically as she took a hold of his hands making him stop from running once more…
but now everyone was staring at him like he had lost his mind, or like he was speaking alien, and that caused him to grimace and stab his food with his fork a few times, taking in the sinister pleasure at the few flinches he got from everyone sitting around the dinner table, the only one who doesn't seem to care about the scene in front of them was Pete, who was telling Goose about him beating Captain America yesterday in basketball, a sport both Steve and Tony start playing a few months back, which ended being a family thing that everyone was welcomed to, even Goose, who always ended up eating the ball.
"Well, there should be a shooting star to make such a big ass hole, but the only thing I found was him, and let me tell him he is a crazy bastard who thinks himself as a star, a violent bastard too, so don't get too close." Tony said as he pointed to Steven which made everyone turn their gaze to the man who had kept himself away from everyone's eyes until now.
"You know, you sound like a foolish parrot repeating the same Sentence only to get the same answer." Steven mocked back, and he can feel the shock coming from the advisors behind the king, just as the man's face turned dark and his eyes murderous while he was looking at Steven, glaring harshly at him hoping that the Omega will take his words back, which only made the Omega hum and raise his head, looking at the Alpha with the corner of his eyes… the picture of arrogance, which only made the Alpha glower at him and thrust the door open ordering him with a harsh voice to get out, that made Steven lower himself to raise his son in his arms and walked out of the cell, only to feel a tight hold on his right arm making him wince, especially when the king starts dragging him as he walked out of the cellar to the ship and then off of the ship to the land, all the while Steven was keeping a careful eye on his friends who were being led by the advisors behind the king and Steven.
"OK… where did this come from?" Tony asked his words slowly, not wanting the man in front of him to snap which will end with the two of them fighting which will result in Peter waking up startled and start crying, an action that Tony wanted to avoid, especially in his and Peter's safe haven.
"It's funny, how I went from I love you Tony, which turned into you fail me Tony, which turned into bad things." Steve said which made Tony really lose it and start crying, making Steve try hard to ignore the Alpha. "I should kick you out, I really should, should put a restraining order against you so you will never see Peter again." That made Tony choke on his breath but he nods his head, whatever Steve wants, whatever he wants… Tony tried to convince himself of that. "But I can't, as much as I want; I am not petty, not cruel enough to stop you from seeing your son… besides Bucky vouched for you, said you didn't know, that it was Howard all alone, which knowing him wouldn't have done it if it wasn't true…" Steve breathed through his nose looking at the crying Alpha in front of him.
"I promise this is not going to happen next time, I promise…" Tony whispered which got him a choked laugh from the Omega who gave a weak punch to Tony's chest hitting the Arc-Reactor, but the Alpha didn't care about the twinge of pain he felt he just pulled the Omega tightly toward him kissing his head.
Reaching Peggy's office, the Omega breathed in relief, ignoring Carol's calls when she finally found him, growling when the woman pulled him away from the door, however, the door opened, making the Beta and the Omega freeze in their place. Tony's body began to shake, frozen in place, eyes going impossibly wide when he saw Stane. The Alpha was cuffed, with two huge Alphas on either side as they seemed to drag him, but the Omega still shook, his breath hitching when the man turned his eyes to Tony, and the Omega saw the smirk on his face. "Long time no see, eh, boy?" The man stopped in his place, ignoring how the Alphas dragged him away from Tony, but he was unmoving, gazing at the Omega with mockery in his eyes.
Those words got a snarl from Tony who nearly threw the phone at the wall, the only thing stopping him from doing just that was Steve's shaky hands on his knees. "You talk big for a stalker who is chased by the police." Tony spat taking one of Steve's hands in his and giving it a reassuring squeeze, and only then did Steve notice, Tony, using his phone to record the conversation.
The Steve of this world… it was hard for Steve to talk with him, he doesn't know what to say toward the young version of himself that didn't go through the hardship that Steve went through, of the pain he felt when he discovered that Bucky was alive, or when he thrust the Shield into the Arc-Reactor, or when he nearly lost Tony because of his stubbornness. It was also confusion for everyone when every time they called Steve's name the two counterparts will turn toward the person saying 'Yes' in union it made people uncomfortable, so in the end, Steve told everyone to just call him Steven or Grant to reduce the confusion that happened… everyone decided to call him Steven, and Steven sense that it was Peggy who made them do that, something about him 'Losing everything he shouldn't lose his identity' thing.
Steve took a shuddered breath; the pain was visible in his eyes and on his face as he tried to fight whatever kind of poison running in his body, gazing at his mate like that, Tony never felt as helpless as he does now. "I…'now…" Steve said in a breathless and tired voice, the resigned undertone hidden in Steve's words made the tears run faster down Tony's face. "Ta…take c-care 'f Pete, 'k?" Tony let out a wounded whine at the words he heard, begging whoever heard his prayer that Steve will survive, that the love of his life will live. "Tony…" His name was followed by a hitch of breath, causing Tony to sob and nod his head, tightening his hold on Steve's delicate hand.
"Well?" Winnie asked looking at her son up and down which made the Alpha shrug his shoulders and hurry toward the house, unfortunately for him, his mother followed him.
"Huh?" Tony could only choke out, his body finally giving up on him and Tony found himself on his back staring at the ceiling in shock, not knowing what to do and how to act… Steve Grant Rogers just kissed him; Steve kissed him… the Winter Soldier kissed him! Tony's face flush, embarrassment taking over him as his lips tingled from the kiss Steve gave not a few minutes ago…
"W… w-when the… b-baby comes… t-there is…n-no place f-for…" Harley didn't continue his sentence, letting out a whine as he hide his face in Tony's chest, the sobs he held in tightly were let loose as Tony held him in his arms, calming him down and nuzzling his head and cheeks.
Tony's eyes should stay on the future, they should stay on Steve, the loving and caring Alpha who always stood by his side even when he didn't need to stay with a broken and useless Omega who always runs and leaves him at the mention of a dead pup. His eyes should stay on Peter, the sweet child who always looked up to him, holding into Tony tightly and not letting go, because for the small pup Tony is the only family he needed besides his father and grandmother.
Steven laughed at that his gaze softened a little when they fell on Tony before he turned his gaze to the sky. "When I met my husband, he was already forty, at that time I thought there was something wrong with me because I never felt any sexual attraction toward anyone… if only I knew it the reason for that was because I haven't found the right partner." Steven said which made Tony hum at that.
The sight before him caused Tony to recoil from shock and gaze at the… baby… with mistrust in his eyes, wondering if he was hallucinating or that he finally lost his mind. Tilting his head to the side, Tony took his time studying the squirming bundle, taking in his pale skin, the tuft of brown hair on the top of the baby's head, the pale blue eyes of a newborn filled with tears.
Anyway, Tony can easily say he was nervous as hell, which was not good, not good at all. Yes, Tony can say he is good with kids, everyone can say that, hell even Steve says that, because Peter used to be afraid of Omegas, but Tony helped him; the thing is though, it was Harley Keener, a boy that didn't seem to recover even after a long time in the clinic's orphanage, who still wary of Omegas.
Today was a really good day; Steve woke up with Tony remembering him (it still befalls him how they were in 2050 and still, there was no curse for Alzheimer) remembering their marriage and was thinking that they were on their honeymoon, it made Steve happy. They ate their breakfast, all the while they were laughing and sharing old stories, taking a walk in the gardens after, Tony told him that he was going to work in the labs until Steve is back from Shield, Steve made sure to order Friday to keep an eye on him and close all the labs, as Peter was out of the town with his wife MJ and their kids May and Benjamin, so he couldn't ask the young man to stay with Tony as he usually does.
"I am done now." She said and it made Steven's fume that the woman had the gut to give him a smirk as she gazed at the child who turned his head to stare at her. "What is the youngster's name?" Her question was answered by a glare from the Omega, which only caused her to shrug and smile sharply at him, but Steven took victory in the way the woman's eyes were hardened with annoyance.
Even if his belly starts getting bigger and bigger and his fear took a hold of his heart, even when Stane will pause when he gazes at his stomach and ends up snorting leaving Tony to his thought, even if he saw no one come into his cell for months and everyone forgets about him, even if he was only remembered by those who bring the food twice a day…
That caused the burly sentinel smiled deviously and strolled back into the room closing the doors behind him, Steven was able to pick up what he was yelling to rile up the other Vikings. And Steven quickened his step and forced James to do the same as they followed the Viking King out of the castle, but even in their haste, Steven was still able to hear it: the unmistakable noise of a massacre taking place, and Johann's screams echoing through the frigid walls of his castle until they ceased completely.
"W-where… i-is… m-my baby…" Steve managed to hiss through his dry throat, sending a harsh glare toward Bucky as he ordered him to tell him where Morgan was, where did he take his baby? The crestfallen look Bucky send him was an answer enough. "N-no… no!" Steve shrieked letting out a scream that made Bucky jump and come toward him trying to calm him down. "Y-you k-killed her!" Steve screamed over and over again, ignoring the gentle hands that came toward him, screaming and shrieking and trying to move his hands to hit Bucky without any success.
"Ma'am, you have five goddammit seconds to leave my fucking property or I am calling the police!" Tony shouted, he couldn't believe that he was actually dealing with Peggy Carter now of all the times, where the fuck was that woman in the past four years? Why now of all time to make an appearance and when Steve was absent too? Was she planning on taking Peter away when Steve wasn't here? Doesn't she know that she is forbidden from being on Peter and Steve's side because of the restraining order? Where was Steve?
But that wasn't why the Alpha was searching for the said Omega, but because the Alpha has noticed something wrong with the man, maybe it was his imagination, but the Alpha was sure that the Omega was falling ill, something that Starkad didn't need to happen in his house, it was enough that he has to deal with a disrespectful healthy Omega, he doesn't need a disrespectful whiny Omega who may infect his son with his illness, and that was one of the reasons he hated the Omega a little, his boy always follow that Omega everywhere, even if the Omega wasn't aware of that, Starkad though, knew that the reason for his son behaving was because it was the first time the small Alpha saw how a mother treated a pup, something the young babe didn't experience as his dam has died when he was born.
Thankfully his fall wasn't really that much of a falling, more of sliding down the edge with big boulders and heavy suit to accompany him, not the most comforting thing, but it beat falling a thousand meter and breaking his neck on the impact without his suit protecting him.
"What are you doing here?" Tony asked as he put the soldering iron down and crossed his arms over his chest while looking at Rogers with narrow eyes, daring the man to do something stupid—mainly opening his mouth and talking—because Tony swears that he will stab the man if he heard him say another word.
"Hello love, how are you today?" Steven hummed as he lowered himself and bought James in his embrace, which made the small Alpha purr happily and snuggles into his mother's breast, taking in his mother calming scent, making him hum and let out a sleepy yawn, which made the Omega chuckle at the six-year and pushed him a little bit tidying his hair and caressing his cheek.
Steven could only press his lips tightly together as he continued to hear the whispers around him increasing once more, forcing him to let out a harsh breath through his nose, especially when he saw a finger or two pointing in his direction. "Mama! The bear, I want to see it, please!" James called out, pulling at Steven's pants and causing the Omega to smile at the babe, not wanting to stay here longer, even if it meant disappointing his pup.
was dragging itself outside of the lake… Steven Rogers… Tony's mind whispered faintly, trying to explain the mass of pale flesh dragging itself to dry land. This was… this was the first time that Tony saw the creature living in the lake, ever since Stane, the creature disappeared from sight, and even then, Tony never really managed to catch a glimpse of Rogers the first few months Tony lived here.
He met the Banners, Bruce a Beta and his wife Betty who was also a Beta, the man was a scientist so you will find Tony bothering and challenging half of the time, the man seemed happy by that, to be able to talk science with someone else other than himself, his wife was a shrink so she will try to shrink him to death half of the time, only for Tony to laugh it off, though he did become a good friends with them. The Coulsons were next Phil the Alpha and his Omega mate Clint (Who was a hotheaded and strong-willed Omega like Tony the two of them hit it off right away) and their twins Cooper and Lila, they were an awesome people, and Clint will usually drop at his house every time he was bored, usually pulling him out of his lab and taking him on long walks in the neighborhood, Phil work with the government and Clint was an archer, Tony doesn't even know where he works other than this information. There were also the Barnes, Winnie the Alpha and her Omega George and her three Alpha teenagers girls Rebecca, Rose, Lora, and her elder Alpha son James who was in the army, the older woman will usually drop by with food, cooing to him and the baby, even calling him her own, it made him warm on the inside being able to meet a lot of understanding people, who would happily support him.
"No! No, no, no, no! Let me go, let me go! Rogers!" Tony shrieked as he tried to loosen Howard's grip of his hair, thrashing left and right as he shouted and cursed; Howard on the other hand didn't seem to like Tony fighting for his freedom as he slammed Tony's face to the ground and told him to shut up. "Rogers, please!" Tony cried out when Howard raised Tony's head, planning on slamming it one more time.
"Bruce!" Tony called out happily when he saw the older man sitting behind his desk, Tony's call made the doctor raise his head with a smile, waving to Tony when he saw him skipping toward the man with a grin on his face. "My, my, where is Jane? Did she gets fired and you are taking her place?" Tony joked causing Bruce to groan and lean back on his seat.
"28…" She said after looking at Peggy with fear and confusion, which made Steven glare at her harshly, making her swallow and not moving her eyes from him again without his permission.
Tony watched the little pup, biting his lower lip as he tried to find a way to cheer the pup; it was scaring him how a lovely and energetic pup turned into this emotionless statue just because he saw Clint, and what does the other Omega meant when he said that Peter was afraid of Omegas? That makes no sense! For one Tony was an Omega, so if Peter fears Omegas then he should fear him too, but the pup didn't even act like he was afraid of Tony at all, for another Steve wouldn't leave his child alone with a person his pup fear or hate, even if he was desperate… it left Tony confused, he hated that feeling.
Steve opened the door and entered the room, holding his sobs as he saw his lover lying on the bed with so many machines attached to him, it made him take shaky steps toward the chair near the bed and sit on it begging God that this was all some sort of a bad nightmare that he will wake up from soon.
A knock on the door made Tony blink and stand up walking toward the door, hoping against hope that the person behind the door wasn't spider-Natasha or God forbid, doll-Bucky who made it their mission to kill him. Opening the door, Tony 'huh'-ed in cion when he saw Steve waiting for him outside the door; Steve was wearing his own matching funeral suit while holding in one hand what looked like a chocolate box in the shape of a heart (But it's wrapping was black and the ribbon was made of spider webs which made Tony's eyes widen in fear of them being poison or something) and in his other hand, he was holding a fresh bouquet of roses… the only reason for them to be fresh was that they were black… Tony can already guess the kind of night he was going to have.
"What kind of story do you want baby?" He asked gently making his baby open his eyes and blink in confusion.
They were still kissing desperately when they entered their honeymoon suite heading straight toward the bedroom; Tony couldn't help but let happy noises every time Steve leaned his head for a breathtaking kiss. "Are you sure, sweetheart?" The words were spoken in a warm puff of breath against Tony's neck, followed by lazy, open-mouthed kisses over the bonding gland causing Tony to shiver in arousal when the beard scratched his sensitive skin and happiness at his husband being thoughtful and respecting his wishes.
No matter how much Tony wanted to rush toward his Omega and child, Aunt Peggy refused for him to leave, mainly because they needed to treat his wounds because he was the one who took the hits the most trying to stop the fight in record time… so Tony ended up sitting on the chair with his head in his hands, wondering why God loved to torment him so much, why today of all days? Why today when Steve finally decided to give him a chance with their son? Why when he was going to spend the day with his son for the first time? Just why?
Tony refused to believe that, he refused to believe that his son died on January 10, 1988, he refused to believe that he lost him at seven months and a half, he refused to believe that a drunk driver was the reason of his death; he refused to believe this play.
So I know that a lot of readers are confused right now so to make things a little easier, I will try and explain this part of the story as best as I can.
Whatever Tony wanted to say next he was stopped by the sound of music starting, informing the party goers of another dance about to start. Turning around, Tony spotted a woman standing on the stage singing as her male companion played the piano; the woman's voice was raspy and low, crooning about love… Tony was one hundred percent sure that Pepper and Peggy had a hand in this.
"Oh, you should have seen your face, Cap, it was priceless!" The man with dark chocolate hair said, grinning happily when the blond huffed at him and scrunched his nose at his husband's words, taking in the chocolate dark eyes that were sparkling in amusement, which much to the Omega's annoyance, made his tense muscle relax. "And I'm sorry babe; I couldn't help it, especially when you were brooding all day." The brunt said as he tried to save the situation, which gains him nothing but the Omega huffing and throwing the water bottle at his husband, which the shorter man caught with a grin and followed the blond who made it as his mission to go to the living room and maybe watch TV because sleep has long since left him after this tasteless prank.
"A face-changing mask! What is it made of? An advance AI? Nanotech? What material is this?" Tony's questions were answered with a chuckle which made him flush at that and looks at the mask in his hands with wonder. "I'm going to change, take the mask off, please. Wait until Peter is ready to go out to show him that trick." Tony said before giving his mask to Steve and rushed to get Peter so the two of them can change their clothes.
"When… the bad men tried… to take me… Cap stops 'em… Papa hugs me, Mama." His baby said the word slowly so that Tony will understand how important this was and also not miss what the pup was going to say. "He 'as warm…" The pup purred at that nuzzling Tony's chest making the Omega laugh a little which made his baby grin happily. "An', an' he called me little on' and made me go wit' good people… Papa's big… like this!" The pup said opening his arms wide, making Tony smile happily at that.
"Sweetheart, I am home!" Tony called out as soon as he entered the mansion, laughing in delight when the tortured screams of Zemo greeted his ears; ah, it seems that his husband brought him a present too! Tony couldn't help but coo when he saw the baby in his arms waving his hands and gurgled as he saw one of the voodoo dolls that infested the mansion, letting out a happy laugh when the doll waved back.
Sighing at his silly act and hoping that no one saw, Tony leaned back, to close the door behind him and go back to the attic, planning to give Pepper a piece of his mind for giving him such a scare. The knock coming from the closet wall in front of Tony made the hair on his body stand on its ends; just before Tony backed away and called for Rhodey, Tony felt like he was pushed inside the closet hard, which made him scream, especially when his head hit the closet's wall.
If someone told Tony that he will fight aliens by the end of 2010, he would have laughed his asses off and walked away from them, but if someone told him that he will end up fighting aliens with a team made of the brother of that specific alien that wanted to rule them, a giant green rage monster, two superspies, and Bucky Barnes who became a Shield agent, under the leadership of Peggy Carter AKA Captain America, Tony would have given that person the number of his shrink and pat him on the back walking away while instructing JARVIS to put him on the blacklist.
"He ran away…" Tony whispered, rubbing Harley's back when the boy let out a groan and nuzzled his neck. Hearing these words Steve tensed for a second and his hand tightened on Tony's waist before he managed to calm down, looking at Harley and taking the boy's rumbled look. "We will talk later; I just need to put him in bed first," Tony whispered before giving his Alpha a weak smile.
Tony though… Tony could only wince and send a silent prayer for Hammer's soul; Hammer is in Steve's grasp now, and no one, not even the Avengers will take the chance to cross Rogers to save him (Even when everyone knows that Steve will throw Hammer away like a ragdoll if Tony asked him) looking at Hammer one last time, Tony could only wince and turn away. "Who wants a drink?" Tony asked everyone, which made all of them raise their hands trying desperately to look away from Rogers but unable to…
"What are you doing? Kill it!" Tyber shouted, his voice turning the bear's head to the loud noises, a few seconds later the bear charged, causing Tyber to scream as he ran behind Anton, causing the Alpha to snarl at the undignified act. The bear roared, charging at Anton then, causing the Alpha to jump to the side, his sword slashing the bear's side, which gained him a dark growl from the bear that stood on its hind limb and swing one of its massive arms before letting out a roar.
"Mother! Loki! Where are you?" Thor called out as he took a step toward the door, only to shriek when the ground under him broke into pieces and start falling down… down a fiery pit where there were thousands of souls trying to pull at each other and climb up, the sight made Thor shook in his place as he let out a whimper when he saw that he was stuck on a small shaking rock that could fall any minute into the fire and scary souls and the strange hell he saw.
"Overacting? Me? Of course, it is always me! Of course, it is me who is overacting when my son is going to die any day now!" That shut both Tony and Bucky making them freeze in their place when they saw the Omega's glassy eyes and only now they were able to catch the faded scent of pain and salt in the air informing them that Steve had been crying before they showed up. "It is always me! My fault for falling in love with a lair, my fault for falling pregnant, my fault for my son being sick, it is always me, isn't it? I spent eleven fucking years taking care of a child alone, trying desperately to make ends meet, but two months of him showing up and one mistake later and suddenly it is my fault, suddenly everyone starts overlooking his mistakes because he starts paying child support after years of fucking everything that walked with two legs and drinking himself to death, years of abandoning his child, years of me trying to keep our son alive working three jobs just to keep a roof over our heads… suddenly it is me who is overacting!" Steve's voice cracked, making Tony and Bucky watch in horror as tears start running down Steve's cheeks, the two Alphas were frozen in place unable to move and comfort the Omega who raised his hand and wiped his tears away, trying to regain his breath. "Why did you come back? Why couldn't you just stay dead? Why? Why did you have to break whatever left of our hearts, Tony? Why now?" Steve said tiredly as he looked at the Alpha, pleading with him to answer the Omega's questions, and Tony could do nothing but look at the Omega, his tears start running down his face as he saw Steve's tired and pained eyes looking at him with resignation, already knowing that the Alpha wouldn't answer these questions, that he couldn't answer them… because he has no answer of his own…
