The 'doctor's' eyes were an inviting brown. Warm. Intelligent. Very nice, though they were much better when they turned green. Imagining all the damage that could be had with the Hulk at his command, the Jotun allowed himself a wistful sigh.
Iron Man stopped and hovered in the air, ignoring the blaring readout in the corner of his helmet's screen about power outages back home. The mansion had backups, they'd be fine.
"Yeah,” Clint snickered. He sat quietly for a minute then looked over at Bruce again, water slinging from his chin with the motion. "Maybe we should go find a bus stop? You know, with a roof?"
Did he know any superheroes called Matt?
"I think you did get sunburned a little bit." He paused and poked at his own neck cautiously. "...Me, too, actually. I guess all of our sunscreen efforts were for nothing." He sounded like maybe he was joking. Hopefully?
Bruce started walking slowly to his room with his hands in his pockets. Clint caught up to him about halfway there. The hallway looked a little the worse for wear; the Hulk crashing through it earlier and tearing a hole in the ceiling might have had something to do with it.
Tony immediately seemed to be scrutinizing his apparent age again, eyes narrowing.
“Dammit! It’s been three hours!” Hawkeye shouted, cutting off Wade’s story of woe and tacos. “What the hell kind of shortcut is this?”
"Even if you're a clone or something in the end, that isn't your fault," Bruce added, looking at him sadly. "If even you aren't sure, then someone did a good job making the fakes."
"And the walls are very sturdy." Steve sighed, as well, which quickly turned into a cough. He felt trapped. No shield. No super strength. No air.
"Man, their meatballs are huge! And you can get them to add spaghetti too, in case you like carbs in your carbs."
He poured more batter and shut the iron, turning to look at Tony. Talking from that far away was a bad idea, so he waved for Tony to come over.
Peter, who had just taken a giant bite of s'more, uneasily chewed as quick as he could so he didn't have to try talking around marshmallow fluff.
Clint just nodded.
Tony smirked despite himself. Cap was so fatherly toward the team. It was kind of cute.
Bruce quickly stepped over to Clint, who was understandably hissing in pain.
Peter shrugged.
What a waste of a day, Bruce thought tiredly, balancing his dinner plate on one hand while he circled the couch to find an open spot. Why did the mansion only have two couches? Maybe it was because the Hulk kept throwing them at the TV when he got annoyed by commercials.
"Whatever." They turned away from each other, both frowning. The one in PJs put a hand to his nose and cringed, feeling the bridge.
"Oh, thank god. You just, earlier you said..." He shook his head, sitting up straight. "Nah, moving on. A-hem. You got this! He already said he likes you, so there's no way to lose. Just look at him and say what you just told me."
“So, what do you do for a living, Wade?”
Though it certainly bothered Loki, he thought, unable to help a small smirk. The look on Loki’s face had been priceless.
It was almost noon and the beach looked as busy as earlier. A happy looking couple chatted as they scrolled by, hand in hand and lost in each other’s gaze.
Sliding in closer, Loki put an arm around Bruce's shoulders.
Peter winced sympathetically at the bleeding scrape.
"Whatever pal! Just uh, be safe. That guy gets around..." The Torch laughed nervously, slowing down to hover over the mansion. It was indeed surrounded by a force field, which was a beautiful glimmering yellow dome. "Should we knock or something?"
“I must leave. They will kill me the moment your back is turned, dear brother.” Or at least throw him into some dark cell in the negative zone or something.
"You must endure with blankets awhile longer, friend," Thor said, looking sympathetic. "Iron Man has instructed that the cell remain sealed until his return." He glanced around the room. There was a phone on the desk. But he didn't know the number to call for food. Banner had said something about calling a number to ask about other numbers once...
Crawling away backward, Loki bumped right into Hawkeye's leg.
Tracking device? Clint sat up again, frowning over the balcony at the two men. Okay, maybe it WAS one of the whack jobs from Peter’s neighborhood.
Steve hadn’t had any alcohol to blame the thoughts on, and he could only chalk it up to all the conversations he’d had with Bruce and Peter. Were all of the Avengers queer? Even Hank and Jan were making eyes at Thor last night.
Clint held his card up to his ear, trying to make out what Thor was saying.
“That poor bear,” the brunette said, breaking into a small smile. “It just burst out of the bushes and startled me. It’s nice of Cap to care if I get hurt, but honestly, it didn’t even touch me. The Hulk scared it off on sight.”
Carol sighed.
All had been silent in the basement for a long while. The fact that the room contained Tony Stark and was still silent was a sign of just how much power the mansion was sapping out of him. He was starting to look a little pale, and was leaning against the wall. Steve watched him sadly, weighing if he should pull the plug yet. Between a cure for himself or Tony’s life, there was no contest.
Maybe Matt liked nobody. Maybe Peter was about to get rejected. The thought made his heart pound, and he was sure for Matt it was deafening.
“Sit down, we need to talk,” Tony said, waving for Bruce to take a seat beside the campfire. “I’d offer you coffee, but…”
"I know this ice cream shop across town—it's always open and has lots of rainbow sherbet!" Deadpool grinned as he sat up and stared down at Peter, perched on his lap.
"Yeah." Clint followed him, slowly. "How long have you been awake, again?"
Clint stopped him suddenly, grabbing his arm.
The scientist mumbled something under his breath about blood samples and slowly got to his feet, starting for the couch. He didn't ask for any assistance from Johnny, even though leaning on somebody sounded useful right now. After the Hulk had shown up twice in one day, one couldn't be too cautious...especially without the other Avengers around to help contain him.
The guy was really tall, Pepper thought as she was led along. Well, any friend of Spider-Man's was a friend of hers, but he sure had some odd ideas about Tony and Steve...
So, Clint had decided to get up early and drown his thoughts out with food. Cap was right, he’d have a better day if he had a good breakfast.
Pepper shrugged slightly.
Judging by the expression on Loki’s face, Wade was about to be banished to Valhalla.
"Verily!" The demigod grinned and slapped him on the back in return, practically knocking him over. "I shall pop the corn—Hawkeye, prepare the entertainment devices!"
A thought slowly occurred to him and he scowled.
They had arrived at Steve's bedroom door. Tony waved for Jarvis to open it and helped the blond man inside rather than just dropping him off there.
Glancing over at Steve, Thor chuckled and patted them both on the shoulders.
"I am wishing nothing on him, brother." Loki waved a hand at Tony. "He is clearly dying, or haven't you noticed?" He turned back to Stark. "But do not worry about your captain—I'll comfort him."
Peter let go of the wall and looked down at the ground as he was held around his waist. It was a little undignified, but having Johnny fly him there would be way faster than web-slinging it.
"Dallas? I thought you were gonna go to Detroit," Peter said, sitting up as well. He pulled his mask back on.
Oh, no, did they know about him and Wade? A flash of dread hit him before common sense chimed in that if they were that worried, they wouldn’t be camping out doing target practice with Hawkeye’s bow and arrows.
"Heeey, welcome back!" He said, as if he hadn't heard Tony's first comment at all. "The fire's burning nicely, bring on the burgers!" He threw in some finger guns for good measure, but there was no shutting down the piercing look Tony was giving him. Laughing uneasily, Peter retreated around to the other side of the campfire, hauling Wade along by one arm. If he stayed near Tony he might just get vaporized by that look.
After combing the beach for an hour, Clint had dragged Bruce up the hill to get an ice cream sandwich from the mini mart. It was a billion degrees and sure enough, Clint’s back was threatening to burn if he didn’t take a break.
Watching the brown haired man as he worked, Clint realized that he had never noticed Bruce had freckles before. They were so damn obvious. He smirked. He learned something new everyday—even about someone he’d known for years now.
"So, at first I can't get you outside and now you don't want to go back in?" He looked back down at Bruce, water running down his face.
The demigod sighed deeply.
“Not right now,” he said stubbornly. “Clint needs to get patched up, Loki’s across the lake, and by the way, there’s a lake monster, too. It almost ate Clint. And where did Thor and Dr. Banner go?”
Retrieving her hand, Lola gestured to Peter.
"We w-went into his p-private quarters," Steve replied, looking down at the brown-eyed man. "After—" He coughed, hunching forward so much that they almost bumped heads. "A-after everyone was g-gone."
Lola, who had followed Thor into the cabin and had thankfully put on her lacy cover up, was giving Peter her full attention with big green eyes.
Loki stopped, retrieving his hand.
"Clint's acting really weird—maybe he's a doombot sent to collect information and Doom thought we wouldn’t catch on this fast."
"That could w-work."
“Haven’t we meddled enough?” Matt asked, taking his arm. Wade ducked around them to take Matt’s other arm, pausing for a second to down his hot chocolate and toss the mug.
Bruce sighed and patted Loki's back lightly with the hand that wasn't holding gauze.
"I heard Cap was back and came to see how he is," the redhead explained. She didn't really smile in return.
"Captain! Are you injured? Iron Man asked me to check on you!"
“What the hell, guys? You didn’t stop that freak? He said he TRACKED Peter here! With a tracking device. That didn’t ring any alarm bells?” The archer stopped between them, flicking a hand after Peter. “Pretty sure that’s Daredevil and you know he’s trouble!”
“I got it!” Tony heard her shouting.
"Sorry, I skipped breakfast. I was in a hurry."
Realizing both that Daredevil could probably still hear him and that he was alone in the room with Cap now, Tony turned and started rummaging through his suitcase for clothes that weren't pajamas.
"Anything but more s'mores," Tony grumbled. "You better stop eating those or you're gonna turn into one."
Clint spun to look up at him, alarmed. Distracted by Spidey, he didn’t notice the Hulk starting his way.
“Here.” Peter was holding out a piece of medical tape to him. “Look I-I don’t like hiding stuff from Cap and Tony, I just…thought it might be better if they thought Wade was just my camping buddy for the weekend. They won’t get why I’m with him any more than you do.” He sighed and handed Clint the whole roll of tape, turning to shove items back into the first aid kit. “We should get moving.”
Today, for example.
“Okay, you managed to dodge my question twice. Look, I don’t mind if you are. Just putting that out there.”
"They say he's still out there somewhere, getting his skin stolen and growing it back again, over and over. Him and the madman in their own dimension, just them and a big gross pile of skin..."
"That...man. That has to be the least of our problems right now." Hawkeye came over to Bruce's side, putting a bloodstained hand on his arm. "You okay?"
The smile on Steve’s face fell away as he sighed, turning his attention back to Clint.
Brown and topaz eyes both seemed to be intent on Cap as Tony shoved the frisbee at Peter.
"I wouldn't, if Tony didn't make jokes about military food," Pepper sighed. "It looked like he unlocked my shackles with some kind of magic. Green light. Do you think he locks the cells the same way?"
Bruce nodded quietly and looked at his hands. He felt defeated at the moment, and wasn't sure what to do with himself. When the others got back, he was sure they would all sit him down for a talk about the Hulk visiting twice in a day, and about trashing half of Tony's mansion (not that he couldn't afford to fix it.)
As Wade reached the shore, he took one look at Peter and dove back into the water.
Staring calmly at the goblet, Steve shook his head. Whatever Doom had used on him, he trusted no one but Tony to find the cure. The doctor was good to his word, as long as the trade went well. He just had to hold out until Tony got back.
Bruce looked down at his navy blue hoodie, nonplussed.
"Oh come on! It's a freaking Saturday!" Clint groaned.
"Uh, that's Red Skull," Tony corrected, snickering a bit. "Yeah, if they managed to catch Cap we need to haul Bruce into the mix, and that means we're not going anywhere." He waved an arm for emphasis. Popping up the face of his mask, Stark added, "Although the Hulk might be overkill."
“I really hope this storm isn’t a result of what Thor’s doing at this moment,” the redhead practically shouted over the storm.
Tony toasted him a little and sipped his own glass.
Frozen with the book poised to throw, Clint looked off to where the voice had come from.
He was very tired. Amazingly tired. He hadn't been this tired in centuries. It felt sort of nice. Like he could fall asleep forever. Wait, that probably wasn't a good thing. Forcing his head back up, he shook it and pried his eyes open. "T-that sounds good."
Just a few steps outside, and the rain was soaking through all of their clothing again. Thor had significantly toned down the storm, but it was still dreary and rainy.
"The Hulk whisperer." She smirked, pausing to hover over the mansion. "That's amazing."
"I'll live." The archer sat up, dusting himself off.
“It keeps my hair outta my face.”
Fed up, Steve stood.
"Ha ha. Too bad I've still got the bow." The purple Avenger grinned, dragging his twin along.
“I’m sorry, Bruce. I understand that you and Clint don’t want to be here and…” The blond grew sad, flicking stormy blue eyes back at Tony. “We actually wanted to tell you some good news, but everything’s been such a mess. We haven’t had the chance.”
As Cap turned back to him, he looked for bruises. Hank had wound up on his butt in the sand a couple of times yesterday.
“I will have days yet to use for this ‘staycation’,” Thor said from over near the other car. Peter sat up and saw that he was holding the hands of Loki’s beautiful female form, gazing into her eyes fondly. “If you wish, we need not say farewell just yet, my love.”
When Tony and Wade had returned to the campfire, Peter had apparently left to talk frisbee with people; Cap had been there by himself, making hamburgers and looking more mopey than ever. Tony had decided it would be better not to try and talk things out, considering how 'well' that had gone the last few times they'd talked alone. Clearly, if Steve had any interest in him, he was in denial. Tony still couldn't figure out why he'd asked to fake being a couple and then gone out of his way to tell Peter they 'certainly weren't' together. That was just hurtful, jeez.
Ugh, Clint thought, shuddering as he followed after him. The cutesy teenage lover shtick was getting old fast.
"This is what becomes of children whose fathers abandoned them!" Thor seemed strangely sympathetic to the bloodthirsty babies in the movie, for some reason. Maybe because they had killed a burglar, who counted as a bad guy?
Nodding, Steve laid back on the bed. His feet were still on the floor. It felt very nice to lay down. He hadn't been this worn out in...well, a very long time. All the coughing was beginning to bring back memories of his pre-serum asthma, too—but he trusted that Tony, or at least Bruce, would find a cure.
"What--break the fact you two are dating to Cap?" Tony started to shake his head, then paused, thinking it over. It was a pretty handy excuse to talk to Cap and discuss guys dating. Clear the air and all that.
"I am," Clint assured him, stepping up to give Bruce a firm pat on the back. "I just think you should go first."
“Yeah. He’s clearly lost, and we wouldn’t want him to wander into Camp Piña Colada with Loki or something,” he admitted, sounding weary. “For all we know Thor went back to looking for Peter instead of just flying back to camp.”
Hawkeye was also awake and had his bow drawn.
“He didn’t save me, YOU did!” Clint protested, pulling his bow from his back. “Move, kid.”
The blond man shoved a handful of papers aside and hopped up onto the desk, plunking down the box of donuts in front of Bruce.
“You know, if you’d just gotten in the first time I asked, we’d both be out of the rain by now,” he grumbled. “This’s what I’m talking about. We don’t listen to each other.” Shaking his head, he turned and crawled under the kayak.
Squealing with excitement, Wasp zipped back out the door with the key held over her in victory.
Steve glanced at Thor as well, the worry never leaving his face.
"Bruce needs to be working on the cure for Steve," Tony said promptly, shaking his head. "And YOU are still under house arrest, pal. I want Thor to come with me to check it out."
“C-can we get married? I know it’s old fashioned, but please.” Abruptly leaving Tony to stand on his own, Cap dropped to one knee. “Please,” he said earnestly, dropping his head to rest on the backs of Tony’s hands.
"What?" Loki growled. "You think stabbing me proves I'm a robot? Here, let me stab YOU!" He made a grab for the arrows in the other Clint's quiver, but he dodged of course. If only Loki could use a little magic…
"Oh, no no, I'm not asking for..." Bruce actually held up his hands and waved them in front of him hastily, wide-eyed. If he was protesting THAT much... Clearing his throat, the scientist explained sheepishly, "I-I'm off limits, so I can't...uh, a-anyway, I just keep getting the feeling that a few people have something going on that they're not talking about. And since Tony is one of them and you know him so well, I wondered if you noticed."
"Nah." Clint smiled, patting Thor's arm. "I've heard you sing."
Shrinking away from the large green man, Loki just nodded. Where were the other two? Steve and the other Hawkeye were not there as planned. Maybe they went outside too? Whatever the case was, it made for a nice exit. But before he could celebrate too much, they heard the door to the mansion slam open and shut, then several pairs of footsteps headed their way. Loki turned on the couch to see who it was.
Finishing up another batch of waffles, Cap was annoyed that he had so much batter left. He had things he had to check on.
Damn. Where the hell did THAT come from? He really needed more than two hours of sleep a night. Yeah, he was tired. That was it.
"What? Yeah, how about no? I don't exactly carry around a spare," Tony said pointedly.
"Okay, if this is about the models," he began, frowning, "I hope you're not saying looks are the only reason I'm looking at you. Because they're not."
"Hey Bruce."
"It w-was." It was so quiet, Tony could barely hear Steve as he said it.
Tony blinked. He'd forgotten that fact—that Steve's serum always kept him in perfect health and youth. That he was, essentially, immortal. Still, the thought of Cap ever being with Loki of all people...
Pepper was standing there, a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. She was wearing a completely different outfit than when Steve had last seen her—likely spare clothes Tony kept for her wherever she might show up.
"Doom caught both of us, Clint."
"Don't fight. Really."
As if that was an invitation, Deadpool chucked his wrapper and laid down next to him, slipping his mask back down.
"They haven't already?" Tony frowned. "Hey Jarvis, get the backups rolling, will you? They need to be working on a cure for Cap right now."
"Not alone," Bruce said again firmly. "We can't keep splitting up—the other Hawkeyes attacked you—BOTH of them. If you're alone one might try to finish the job."
Bruce only quirked an eyebrow at him before turning and starting for the cash register.
"Ah, sorry." He continued on down the hall to the elevator, pressing the button calmly. Above the elevator door, the lights slowly ticked down from the mansion top floor. Clint sighed.
"Are you alright? I was wondering why you were all scratched up like that."
“I want YOU,” Clint snapped, grabbing Deadpool by the shoulders and shoving him away, “to stay at least six feet away from me! And stop talking! Nobody’s listening!”
Clint looked back at Steve, hugging an arm around himself.
"Listen, we think Doom might be behind this thing with the Fantastic Four. Well, the other three," Spidey explained.
"Get...them..out." Steve shook his head, pulling on Tony's hand and frowning. He nodded to the other two. "I'll s-stay."
It immediately was caught by the wind and tossed, flitting out to sea. Panicked, Steve dove after it, grasping desperately for the tiny slip of paper.
As Peter reached the door, a strong arm wrapped around his shoulders, giving him a firm squeeze.
The Avengers had been in and out of their home all day. Just when Loki thought he had a moment to make a clone come out of the mansion and kiss him, one of the Avengers would pass through.
"That the pizza?"
"You think so?" Bruce sounded a bit surprised. "I guess he's Captain America, who doesn't think so..." He shifted on his feet slightly, shoulders slumping. "The team has a lot of good-looking people. Tony isn't exactly hideous, himself."
“Good afternoon, Mister Stark. Is Clint Barton here?”
"What is it?"
"It would be wise to accept my hospitality while I am still inclined to offer it," Doom said rather ominously, pushing the glass into his hands. "It is only fitting for nobility to reside within a castle—do not forget that Doom is the ruler of Latveria."
“Cereal?” Cap asked, frowning. “You know, if you’re in the business of fighting crime, a good healthy breakfast that’s high in protein is probably your best choice.”
“If you’re sure about this man, I’m sure Tony can give you advice on asking someone out. However,” Steve turned and looked Peter in the eye, “Why are you afraid to be seen at school together?”
“Better not let anyone see you with that,” he told Peter, making his way into the cave. It smelled like old plant matter and mud, but that sure beat the sewers in New York.
“That’s true, but… He really needs it, Mister Rogers.” Matt gestured to Deadpool, who was trying to use his fingers to measure the size of the hole in the kayak.
"If you want Thor to come here, tell him you have his brother." He took another sip. "Maybe you can rig up some kind of robotic version.”
"No, he insisted on staying behind," the shirtless Clint explained, shaking his head. "Now we have to go back there and give that old metal perv an Arc reactor!"
“Which college?” Cap asked nicely.
“I hope your parents are alright out there. This storm is getting worse by the minute.”
"What, it's some kind of secret now? Man..." Spider-Man groaned, tilting his head to one side to peer up at Deadpool. "Just tell me it's not some creepy blind date situation."
Snagging a box of colorful crayons, he held them up to Bruce.
Luckily, Johnny interrupted as he hopped over the other couch arm, landing with a grin.
Bruce looked at him sadly.
Deadpool pressed back against him, hands resting easily on his chest. Peter could almost hear the smirk in his voice.
DING-DING-DINGA-DING!
“Well this’s going well,” Tony commented sarcastically, trudging along the trail.
“Loki was reading Jane Austen?” Peter poked his head out of the nearest tent, pulling a familiar bright purple sweatshirt down over his head. Clint’s sweatshirt. “C’mere, Wade, I think Thor’s flannel would fit you.”
“Yeah, I do—and it’s covered in freckles,” Clint boasted, toasting Tony with a fresh drink. The blond man lowered his voice and leaned closer to Tony to whisper to him, grinning. “He must wake up outside naked a LOT. He’s got freckles ALL over the place.”
Almost reflexively, the wounded man put his hand on Bruce's. He looked over at him, feeling a bit dazed.
The last thing they needed to do was have a spat with the Hulk while Loki was camped across the water. It’d be just like Loki to try and make everything worse. Hopefully, if they left him alone—he’d stay on his side of the lake.
Thor leaned to check the spot on the other Clint’s arm where the needle had rested.
“I’m not guilty because I don’t wanna spend time with you, I’m guilty for other reasons,” Clint grumbled, flipping the detector on.
Tony chuckled at Jan's enthusiasm, nodding.
“Wait!” Thor stopped, one hand hovering over the popcorn in the bowl. Jarvis stopped changing channels.
"Names in this story have been changed to protect the identities of those involved," Peter said grimly, "So we'll just call him...Logan." HAD a skin-stealing super villain ever gone after Wolverine? Peter wouldn't put it past the X-men, they got some real weirdos for villains. Not as loopy as his, but...yeah, weird.
"Avengers—" He coughed deeply, "—mansion please."
“I suppose there’s no need to deny it,” Lola complained, rolling her eyes. “But if you think I’m the one messing up the weather, you’re wrong. I was otherwise preoccupied, I assure you.”
The blond woman floated down next to him, crossing her arms.
Steve pinched the zipper pull and shut the door again.
"You know." Clint came up beside him again, leaning in. "You're acting really weird. Maybe this is a bad idea." He leaned to squint at Bruce’s face, then the archer was pulling his cell phone out. "I think they do delivery..."
“I don’t think we’re at ‘we need the Hulk’ status yet. Let’s check cabin number two.”
Forgetting where he was and how he was dressed, Clint hopped over the balcony, dropping to the sand below and rolling to his feet. He dusted himself briefly and came over to size the guy up.
“Cool! I’ll let bugs know!”
"WATCH fishing? I would fall asleep." Bruce was almost comically opposed to the idea. "That takes away what I like about fishing, too."
"Why aren't we saved yet? I saw you set off your card in the car," he told Steve.
“What makes you think that?” Cap asked, moving around Matt to stand beside Tony.
Distracted by this revelation, Bruce walked right into the back of Clint, not realizing he was walking faster than the blond.
He fidgeted a little, apparently recalling that neither his nor Steve's conditions could be recreated with science.
Taking the chance to press a kiss to Tony’s cheek, Cap led him to their tent. He knew for a fact that Tony had brought a couple of sweatshirts along.
“Boring isn’t the word,” Bruce said dryly, glancing up at him. He readied another piece of gauze, dousing it with alcohol and dabbing at the wound. “The Avengers lead amazing lives full of action and adventure. I’ve traveled the world, been to space, and even gone to the Negative Zone. Hulk really is a hero. I think he’s done a lot of good here, even if most people are still afraid of him. As for me…”
He was laying against Steve’s shoulder, wrapped in both a snuggly wool blanket and Cap’s fantastic arms. A kiss was pressed to his temple.
"Torch? AWW MAN." The red merc groaned loudly. "He always swoops in when I'm not around. Ooh, I can fly! Ooh, I can light myself on fire. Tch. Who cares? I mean, unless you're stuck in the middle of the woods at night and you hear something off in the bushes and you happen to have some dry wood—THEN he'd be useful." He stuck a hand into one of his many pouches, pulling out a lighter. "And THIS makes him completely useless." He lit it and nodded happily.
"Okay, okay." The Jotun got up and came over to Bruce. Scruffy, smart and powerful. Not all that bad for a mortal. There was of course the question of whether or not Bruce was technically even mortal anymore. Whatever the case may be, soon they would be alone and Loki could play with his new toy.
Bruce handed him the glass and nodded. Swigging it like a shot of scotch, Cap sat the empty glass back down.
Glancing between all three of them, Cap looked sad as he got to his feet, managing to put on a more cheerful looking face as he nodded to the kids.
"I actually came to check up on YOU guys," Peter replied cheerily, hopping up to perch on the edge of the table. He reached out and poked Clint's forehead with an index finger. "Not looking so hot, there."
Apparently, being a nervous idiot, he thought darkly as he reached the kitchen-living room.
And every time they talked, it turned into a fight lately. Great, Tony thought wearily, sniffling and swiping at his stinging eyes with the back of one hand. That damn onion had been like a pressured gas grenade, he swore. Wade and Peter had beaten a quick retreat as soon as the meat balls were finished, both with tears streaming down their faces. Tony wouldn't be chased out of the kitchen by some vegetable, though. He'd told Steve he had the situation handled, and he was too stubborn not to see it through.
“Tony, we need to be nice,” Steve told him quietly. “Peter said he likes this man. Wade. They’re in a very serious relationship, from the sound of it.”
"The whole resort's private," Tony said, laughing. "It's just us and the ocean."
Peter leaned back against his seat in response, wiping the smile off his face and settling for an indignant little frown.
Tony, meanwhile, ignored the hyper blond and looked at Steve with worried eyes. Uh-oh. Had they missed their chance that quick?
Surprised by the hand on his head, Clint walked unsteadily over and patted the Hulk’s arm. There was just no way he could walk up the big green monster’s arm like usual right now. His balance was completely off.
“Babe!” Wade snagged the back of Peter’s backpack, steering him back off the trail. “We’re almost to the shortcut!”
"Has Banner—" Hawkeye sputtered. "No, Bruce's fine. Uh." He glanced over at the blood-covered gauze on his double and ran a hand through his hair nervously. "We sort of got into a...uhhh. You know, what's important is that he's calm now." He nodded. "Yep."
"I'm not the real one," Loki said at last.
"R-right." Cap scooted closer, trying to undo the wires as quickly and as carefully as he could manage.
Okay, that wasn't really fair. Looking out for Peter WAS important, more important than their ongoing failure to communicate. It was kind of petty to even think about his own personal life right now, really, but how could he look at Cap and not think of it at all?
"Oh, yeah? It's just one-sided lust, huh?" He shot back, sitting up with a painful grimace and pointing at Loki. "Th-then I wanna see you...explain...wh-why he asked me to MARRY him."
"...Time to get these other cords out, I guess," Tony said, sounding tired now. "C-care to do the honors...?"
"Wait, wait...this's you NOT pretending to be with me? I thought that's what we were doing out there," he said, stunned. Okay, so he'd never technically said yes to the plan, but he hadn't said no either, and they'd certainly been acting like Peter's parents, introducing themselves both at the same time, the whole handshake routine... "I wasn't even about to talk about that, but wow, okay."
“Peter, I’ve been in love with him for a year,” Cap confessed to him, trying not to sound too offended.
Wolverine just shook his head, grunting angrily. He pulled the visor of his hat down again with a big hand, glancing at Peter from under the edge.
“Dating advice? I hope not,” Cap chuckled, already climbing to his feet. “I’m afraid I’m a bit rusty.”
Dubiously, Thor placed the bandage back where it had been before.
“He didn’t sleep in the tent?” Cap asked, giving up on the fake stretches.
"I'm j-just glad to have someone who understands s-science on my side," Steve wheezed, sitting back down. Hopefully the cure acted quickly–there was no way he could avoid talking once Tony showed back up after whatever was taking him so long.
Ms. Marvel landed beside him, giving him a curious look.
“No, Tony,” Cap breathed, settling them both down into the water up to their chests again. A wave washed past them as the First Avenger made sure that the others were still playing frisbee, then he turned anxiously back to Tony. “Peter’s dating someone a-and I guess he’s qu--gay. Please don’t tell anyone, though. He was really worried about his aunt finding out.”
Ahead down the beach, more whispering was happening as Peter leaned close to his boyfriend, waving his hands pointedly. Wade looked confused, but was nodding along with their conversation attentively.
“Deal,” Cap agreed easily, offering a hand. Daredevil took his hand and shook it, flashing a smile at Peter.
"Uh? What?" Loki asked, curious what the beast had to say.
“He got up about an hour ago,” Matt told him, hurriedly pulling on his jeans. “I figured I’d let you sleep in.”
Peter gave them both a cheery little wave and went straight to the bag of marshmallows, starting to set up another s'more.
“I don’t want to hear any debate about it. Until we can confront Loki and save those civilians, we have to keep our guard up.”
As the sun had gone down, more people had begun to move around. There were even a few reporter types lingering by the mansion fence, eager for a chance to embarrass their heroes.
Bruce frowned and decided he'd be moving along wherever Clint went. His Clint. The one with the tracker on his arm. He glanced over at the other Clint, bemused to find that the blond had only a pair of pants on, and was a little scuffed up.
Loki scoffed, but didn’t respond to the comment.
S’mores were amazing. Since his argument with Tony, Cap’s sweet tooth had come out to play. Root beer and chocolate just hit the spot.
"Maybe she's with Thor," Tony suggested. That guess was as good as any.
“Whoa! How’d you know that? Did you tell him, ba—Peter?” Wade asked his boyfriend, suddenly excited again. “I LOVE wieners!” He half shouted at Cap, who cringed.
With that, he started down the hallway.
Clint instinctively pulled his feet up onto the chair, feeling it rock unsteadily under him.
"Well this looks safe..."
“Um, you’re very drunk,” Cap said quickly, patting Clint’s chest to push him back and give them some space. He reeked of alcohol. “I, uh,” Steve said, looking down at Peter. With a sigh, he got up and offered an arm to Clint. “Let me walk you to your hammock.”
"Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but you remember who you're talking to, right? If there's one thing I'm painfully aware of every waking moment, it's my heart rate." He glanced at Clint sadly. "And no, we're not together. Not...not like that, that's not allowed for me and I know it. Holding hands hasn't happened in years, either. Was nice while it lasted." He sighed, his shoulders slumping defeatedly. "Maybe being me for a whole week was a mistake."
“Good morning,” Cap told him, leaning to pat the man’s shoulder in between pouring a new waffle. “How was frisbee last night?”
"If you say so. I gotta run—bye, Deadpool." He turned and hopped off the edge of the roof, swinging back down toward his room. If the power outage was large, school actually might be canceled, but he wasn't about to suggest that possibility to Deadpool.
"Suddenly I'm REALLY glad I've never had to fight babies," Peter said, laughing and shaking his head.
Tapping a finger lightly on the cute yellow polka dot table cloth, Loki finished his coffee. It would be easy to make an illusion of him and some other Avenger kissing.
“Um, I dunno. I think my plan to get Tony drunk backfired,” Clint groaned, clutching his head with a hand.
The Clint on the floor cringed.
As the first blast of foam hit the fire, Cap came out of the burning building, a big man carried over his shoulder. They were both coated head to toe in black ash, but seemed to be in one piece. Steve sat the man down next to the woman and stood up, coughing into his elbow.
Hawkeye watched, aiming an arrow. What the hell was he supposed to do? Maybe he should just let them duke it out. They were both bad guys!
Tony automatically stuck a hand out and grabbed Steve's shoulder to keep from getting knocked sideways.
Steve stepped away for a moment and returned with a fat first aid kit, raking it open and pulling out a bunch of stuff. Snagging Clint’s arm around, he poured what felt like acid into the wound.
"Better watch out, we're doing so good they're gonna make us swap teams to even things out," he joked. A ways down the beach from them, the rival team of Hank and Jan were indeed looking kind of out of breath.
"Everyone watching the news saw him taken away, Jarvis. I don’t think that’s possible."
"These might work," Bruce commented beside him, picking a package off of the shelf--colored flags on a line, the type car dealerships and beach parties both seemed to love. "We'd have to put them on something for mini flagpoles, but there's plenty of them in here."
With a flick of his hand, Loki sent Wade flying out of camp, crashing head-first into the lake. Dusting his hands, the God of Mischief headed Peter’s way.
"You know, it might be the rain." Ms. Marvel shielded her eyes, looking back in the direction of the mansion. "Look, the shield only has so much reserve power left. When will the mansion's backup systems turn on?"
“Who the hell are you? That magic's familiar, have we kicked your ass before?” The Hawkeye next to Bruce managed hazily, dropping the injured him behind them.
The shirtless Clint came over to the other, sighing and crossing his arms over his bare chest.
As he reached the edge of the tree line, Peter looked out across the lake. The little shore spot where Thor had been sitting this morning was empty now.
"I managed to send out a signal in the taxi, but I have no doubt that Doom found it. I hope Tony and the others at least tracked it that far." Cap glanced up, examining his restraints. Any keyholes?
Tony gave a slight smirk and pulled his own smartphone out of his pocket, holding it up.
…Except that Wade had insisted on gathering yet more firewood just as the sun painted the sky peachy pink. Now that the sky had faded back to a dull gray dusk, Peter heard loud footsteps approaching that could only belong to his boyfriend.
Speak of the Devil.
Peter averted his eyes just in time to see Cap and Wade dropping meat patties onto the grill. At least the captain wasn’t throwing him on the grill. Yet.
Bruce looked at him and fidgeted a little, then combed his fingers through his hair. The guy was horrible at hiding when he was uncomfortable, that was for sure.
"Like a ragdoll." She muttered, soaring through the rain with droplets sizzling off her bright aura. "He seems to have talked the Hulk down—is that normal?"
"...Okay, let's go," he said suddenly.
Bruce sat up on his elbows and glanced around the beach to see if anybody was staring at them. It wasn't a private beach or anything, so...probably. He didn't seem that uncomfortable with laying around wearing just a little sand, but maybe that was because nobody from the Avengers had showed up yet and noticed him.
Clint sighed, shivering again.
Clint noticed Thor stepping back over to Loki with a glass of water and a blanket. First he spread the blanket over his brother and tucked him in with care, then he offered the glass.
“I helped,” Peter corrected. “C’mon, you didn’t see the green glowy magic lifting you out of the water?” He cringed at the memory of how Clint must have looked, adding, “I guess you WERE kinda coated in mud and algae at the time. Bleh.”
“I’m sorry, but we need to go back inside. If anyone spots us out here with YOU,” Cap gestured to Daredevil, “the jig’s up.”
"What?" Bruce glanced at him quickly, and just about sidestepped to put more space between them, but not-so-subtly pretended like that wasn't what he was doing. "Well, I didn't think to bring my card or my phone or anything when we were sneaking out in the middle of the night," he added, smiling.
Cap leaned over Peter’s shoulder to look, too, smiling brightly.
"Outside," Steve said.
"Mind if I tag along? I think Hulk's missing patrolling with you back home already."
“A-and if I was, I'D be the one proposing, not you.”
Bruce was, for some reason, compelled to sit beside him and rub his back a little.
“Uh huh,” Clint said, distracted by the green in Bruce’s eyes. That kept happening and he was beginning to wonder if it had something to do with him that wasn’t anger.
“I believe the son of Odin is in his room, enjoying the company of Miss Lola. Mocha?” T’challa asked suddenly, sitting his books on the kitchen counter and resting a hand on a sauce pan.
"...Think that might be the boyfriend," Tony told Cap grimly, shoving his phone into his pocket.
“If you had any idea who that was you wouldn’t think so,” Tony called back, nonplussed. Thor seemed troubled, though, either by her comment or just because Loki was around. Probably the latter. “C’mon, let’s go back to our side of the lake, guys.”
Trying not to show how tired and worried he was, Steve squeezed his friend's hand. "Tony, if you n-need to say something, I'm h-here."
"Actually, Cap's hardly talked to me today since we got out of the cars. He was hiding out in the kitchen drinking root beer earlier," he gestured across the bonfire, "and you can see that he didn't want to sit near me here, either. Think he had enough of me on the road trip. Vacation is tough for workaholics. You're at least having a good time now, right? All of my hard work making this happen didn't go to waste?" He directed shining topaz eyes at Clint, knowing the bonfire would make them sparkle extra bright.
"Anyone up for 'Attack of the Teen Moms’ Part Two?" He asked loudly.
"Most odd," Thor said, sitting back to examine Clint, too.
Something about the way Wade said that got on Clint’s nerves. If they got lost and the Avengers got attacked because of this idiot…
All of this went through his head fast, or so it felt. He realized he'd stopped laughing a minute ago, though, and was just standing there dumbly still holding Steve's hand, looking out into the ocean where the shark had been. The waves were whipping into little peaks, the wind gusting thick and humid and tossing their hair in the air.
The large TV computer screen in front of Tony provided a very theatrical viewpoint of the Hulk chucking a train crate off into the horizon.
“Yes, I know! Truly, I was beginning to think that no-one else would realize for this entire venture!” He said, grinning.
Clint raised an eyebrow. He slipped off his black jacket and threw it over her shoulders.
“Who’s Clint?” Wade wondered.
Tony was uncharacteristically quiet as they made their way down the hallway. If Steve mentioned it he would probably get some stock reply about not talking so he didn't strain his voice, but it was pretty unusual for Tony Stark not to talk even when nobody else was replying to him, really.
“What’s that about Spider-Man, Thor?”
Cap raised his eyebrow, quickly turning his attention to Hawkeye.
Not that Clint believed Tony was straight for a second.
Tony dug in the medical bag for a minute and then pulled out a syringe with the largest needle they had seen in awhile.
"You talk pretty big for a guy who has no idea what he's talking about," Tony called after him. "You're telling me you never heard his heart skip a beat around you? I don't buy it."
Steve hesitated as he reached the top of the stairs, catching the smile.
Tony laughed at the ridiculousness of it all and took the card.
"That's not something to do casually," Bruce sighed, letting his arm fall to his side. For some reason, he was focusing on the fire hydrant again. Bright yellow. "I could wake up someday and find out the other guy KILLED you..."
"Hey, anybody have a flashlight I could borrow? I left mine in my other spandex."
Getting Peter to relax and stop worrying what the Avengers think could also help. Maybe seeing Bruce and Clint together would make him feel better?
Clint? Well, formality had apparently been lost at some point—he usually called Clint "Barton".
"Or you could bash me in the head with something very heavy," Loki suggested. Thor could oblige, he was sure. Especially if he was hitting.
As the shield flashed below them again, Tony caught a glimpse of what looked like Hawkeye and the Hulk—both attacking the shield.
"Are we in your bedroom?"
"You're kidding, right?"
"Thank you."
"Just be c-careful."
"Dark never bothered me," the Hulk declared gruffly and then did exactly what Loki had been fearing. He reached out and scooped the blonde up from the floor—surprisingly, being careful not to grab near the bleeding arrow wound.
Spotting him, the woman hurried to collect the rest of her things, throwing them haphazardly into a lacy white beach tote.
Oh, Tony realized. Wade clearly recognized who Steve was, and probably everybody recognized Tony Stark's face on sight unless they lived under a rock. Maybe Peter thought Wade would be embarrassed to be going to a community college when talking to a billionaire. As if there weren't other way more worrisome things to judge this guy over...
Tony had gone strangely silent in the kayak as they paddled off into the water, but he offered a wave back at Peter. A wave and a knowing smile.
"Oh."
Pepper looked up at him.
“Of course I will, baby,” Wade said sweetly, pecking Peter’s cheek. “Riiiight after I show Matt to the door. And by door, I mean trail.”
Tony was about to flatly refuse, but then he paused and reconsidered.
Tony frowned. Things would be different how? Steve would give him a pass on, say, getting sloppy drunk and having to be carried back to his hammock? With not one word or prod about it the next morning? Different like that? Because that's what they had just done last night and this morning.
"Yeah." The shirtless man nodded. They both turned to look at Tony expectantly.
"We shouldn't talk so much," she sighed. "Makes us cough." Punctuated by a cough, of course.
Pepper gasped a little and hurried inside, stepping over to the blonde's side.
That was great to keep tabs on super villains, but made dating unsupervised kind of a problem for Peter.
Bruce squeezed Clint's hand, but didn't let go of it.
"Detroit?!" The word seemed to enrage him. His claws were indeed still out.
Steve stood up immediately, leaning on the uninjured Clint for support.
“You know how I said before that I’m not with MJ anymore, right? Well, I came out to Cap the other night, too. I-I thought bi was the right label, but now I’m not so sure it is.” God, he was babbling! He needed to shorten this up, but he was really nervous to get to the actual point, because the point was the part that involved Matt. “I think, maybe… Um. D-do you think Wade likes me?”
He paused, thinking back on the chaos as Clint had explained it. "But we'll talk about all of that when we get back to the medical room." Picking her up as softly as he could, he stood up. "There's something I have to ask you, but please don't tell Tony about it, alright?"
“Oh, how I shall love tearing your head from your shoulders, Trickster!”
The usual robotic limbs came rising out of the floor and quickly stowed the pieces of the suit away, leaving Tony in his more ordinary slacks and dress shirt underneath. He knelt down and rolled Steve over, patting the blond's chest. "Seriously, are you gonna croak on me?"
Clint quietly sat up, holding his side with one hand. Bruce could feel his gaze on him as he picked up the needles.
"Master Stark is currently over the Hudson River," Jarvis replied drolly.
DETROIT? Peter just about wrinkled his nose.
Man, the guy was paler than Clint was! They BOTH needed sunscreen before they spent any time on the beach. Then again, did the brown haired man even burn? When he was himself, Bruce seemed like a pretty normal guy, so Clint assumed the answer was yes.
The merc plunked down next to him, dropping a hotdog into his hands.
"I..." Steve turned, an idea occurring to him, and gently placed a hand on her hip pocket, leaning in close to whisper. "Is that what I h-hope it is, Ms. Potts?"
“Ah no,” Clint said quickly, once averting his gaze to the sunscreen instead of Bruce and all his freckles. “I was gonna scout.”
"Tony? Come b-back." Steve pressed the button.
A narrow hole appeared at the top of the dome.
"They really left you. Interesting."
"WHY?" The snarl blew his hair back. "Hulk was sleeping! It's BANNER'S turn to be awake!"
When he looked back up, the scientist had gotten dressed already, and was awkwardly adjusting one strap of the neon magenta tank top back up onto his shoulder. Clint's swimming trunks luckily had a drawstring waist. Ironically it was the shirt Bruce was swimming in, so to speak. Now that he'd turned around, Clint noticed a sprinkle of freckles here or there on his neck, shoulders, and arms. Bruce cleared his throat and pulled the tank top off again, shoving the plain white tee back on.
“Frisbee?” Lola gasped excitedly. “Ooh, I had so much fun yesterday,” she told Thor, batting a playful hand at his chest. “Shall we?”
"They are both Hawkeye," Thor said in bemusement, glancing between the two. "Could it be that he was somehow split into two?"
"Where is everybody?" He asked, realizing he'd never tried to find out. They were all gone on some mission, he knew that much, but they had gotten distracted by food and getting warm, and watching baby monsters eat people.
"We'll take really good care of him," Tony added. "We're a couple of geniuses, we'll have a cure cooked up in no time."
Cap gave her the tiniest nod.
Imagining the massive green monster nearby made Loki's stomach flop. It was time to leave this plan to the wolves. He had been injured, kept under close watch, and Doom had clearly changed some part of the plan. Thankfully, now he had the chance to slip away into the darkness while Bruce was distracted.
"You talked about this sandwich place like it was really something."
“I’d be having a better time if I didn’t feel like I was stranded on a remote island without anything to defend myself with. What the hell? Bows are low tech!” The blond man grumbled and swigged from his cup, watching Peter’s back as he retreated down the beach.
Cap eyed the beakers as the villain worked. If Doctor Doom wanted Thor for some ominous purpose, why didn't he just ask for him? He really wanted to ask, though he figured Doom wouldn't give him a straight answer anyway—so he gave the green cloaked man a quirked eyebrow instead.
“Hawkeye’s got broken ribs too?” Peter fell into step beside Cap, dismay probably obvious on his face. “Jeez, why is he out camping in the woods in that kind of shape? I’d wanna be home in bed if it was me.” He glanced at Clint and then back at Wade.
"I-I need to talk to Thor. I have to tell him something." Loki slowed his pace, pressing a hand to his hand. Oh, he felt so strange.
"Well, I—" Steve frowned. "I d-don't really have t-time to think about that k-kind of thing. I guess it n-never occurred t-to me that you’d. You know."
Peter actually did have his phone, Clint realized. His phone he had deliberately turned off to make it seem like the battery was dead.
"HE has the blanket!" The Clint pointed to the other. "But I'M the shirtless one. I can see who you think is real," he muttered accusingly, going right back to pacing.
"That's cute," he said, glancing at Cap to see if he also approved. Tony was wearing big dark shades this morning, and Peter suspected he had a hangover. Being out on a sunny beach just to make sandcastles was pretty nice of him, considering that. Why was he still drinking, though? At least, Peter was pretty sure that red drink was a Bloody Mary. Smelled like tomatoes.
"Did I just hear what I thought I heard?" Peter jumped. When did Tony come around to his side of the fire? Whispering probably was wise, though, while Cap had Wade distracted.
Steve stirred, lifting his head sleepily. He noticed Tony and got up off of the couch, swaying on his feet.
"Puppy eyes. Right," Peter said, standing up. He glanced at Matt. "I'll give them the kayak idea and a reason why it's so important. If you don't mind being the bad guy a bit, Matt, I've got an idea for that part..."
"I'm going to dress this wound and give you painkillers," he told Loki. "After that you can do what you want."
Wade paid happily, pausing long enough to spray the hotdogs with a zealous amount of ketchup, mayo, relish and mustard. He rolled them up, tucked them under his arm and then pulled Spider-Man against him, yelling, "TO THE STARS!"
“I don’t care what the newspapers say about us,” Cap said dismissively, half tossing a meat patty onto one of the lined up buns. “They obviously don’t know what they’re talking about, with how they report on Spider-Man as an example.”
"Bruce won't hurt Hawkeye or Hawkeye," Tony assured Thor, patting him on the shoulder. "C'mon, I need to go see if the person who took three of the Four left any forensic evidence. You'll be my bodyguard."
"You know, that's not a bad idea. Too bad we didn't bring the other Hawkeye."
"Of c-course," Loki groaned. He closed his eyes, sighing again. "Just get it over with so I can sleep."
“Well you two sure seem to be starting the day off happy,” Tony remarked, studying Peter’s face with a small frown. “What’s going on?”
"Heh...f-forget it. Really."
After all of his questions before, Doom was almost certainly going to say 'Thor'—or at least, that's what the prisoners thought.
"Hey, good morning!" The light, cheerful voice somehow still made Clint jump. Turning, he saw Peter walking up the beach from behind him, holding an assortment of small bits of driftwood, seaweed, and shells. The kid was in yet another borrowed outfit--a plain white T-shirt that had to be Bruce's and a pair of bright red shorts. Judging by the various kinds of beetles printed on them, the shorts were Hank's. There was something ironic about Spider-Man wearing beetles, Clint's uncaffeinated brain thought. "Uh, you in there?" Peter prodded, waving a hand in front of his face.
"We'd better get moving."
The Avengers mansion was quiet. Loki paced the perimeter near the road, looking up at the bulky mansion. All he needed was one Avenger to appear. Then he’d turn into their love and they’d kiss, only he’d actually look like himself to everyone walking the street.
Frisbee was the farthest thing possible from Tony's mind right now. Steve had seemed like he was about to say something that wasn't an argument, actually have a real talk about this with Tony, and now this. He glanced at Cap uncertainly.
"Thor's my drinking buddy. He'll be here...he's just a little slow in the head," the blond muttered. Clint tugged on his restraints. "What the hell are these made out of? Vibranium?"
For a moment, Daredevil looked at him. It wasn’t exactly AT Cap, but in his general direction like he was studying him.
“That’s kind of the point of talking through it until we’re on the same page, Cap. And right now we’re barely on the same shelf. Hell, you don’t think I’m on the shelf at all…” He smirked at wherever that train of thought was headed, shaking his head and gesturing to the kayak shelter. A narrow strip of the sand was now sheltered from being pelted by big warm raindrops. “I don’t want to argue with you, either. Maybe we could try actually listening to each other for once.”
As surreal as thinking about dating. It felt unrealistic and more like a caricature of reality than an actual possibility. His new life didn’t leave enough space for him to go out into the world and meet people other than the Avengers.
"Okay, wrong trunk sounded funnier in my head," he admitted with a nervous laugh. Reaching into the trunk, he pulled out a familiar green tackle box--Bruce's fishing box that they had forgotten. "So, I got to the mansion right when everybody was pulling out of there in actual CARS--like, normal, non-flying, non-armored, no Avengers branding..."
"I shall assume he was returning and meet him halfway!" Thor was already heading for the door. He disappeared around the corner, and they could hear him calling loudly for Mjolnir.
Hawkeye panted, holding his bow in a death grip. He was covered in thick slimy algae and muck, which mixed with the blood running down his arm.
Groaning, Clint shook his head.
"I can still chop him up." Wolverine grinned, pulling one of Deadpool's arms up into the air. A group of highschool girls ran screaming the other way, and the stocky man looked up at them.
All of them looked like they had been filmed with an old cell phone and most of the dialogue was so wooden, you could build a fence with it.
“Community college is fine, but you know that we’ll help you go to whatever college you want,” Cap said, stopping at the burned out bonfire from the night before. He busied himself collecting up cups and candy bar wrappers—but as he passed Tony, he gave him a surprisingly stern look. “I’m going to go grab the hamburgers from the fridge. Why don’t you start the fire?”
"Closest I can get us is a rooftop," he informed Wade.
“Honestly? I’m going to try and give them some space for the rest of the trip. If Loki does anything, then we’ll call on them. Otherwise, I think we’re just going to keep fighting over things.”
The kid took the s'more in both hands with a look of slight awe on his face.
"Wow, the power goes out and everybody assumes I died? As much as I like to think the world revolves around me..." Tony said wryly. "Look, stop attacking the shield—Carol can take it down anytime. We need to know the situation first, though. Where's the other you?"
“I’ve seen your photography in the newspaper,” Loki said, glancing at the woman’s back then back to Peter. “You have a talent for exciting pictures of Spider-Man.”
“I did not,” Loki said haughtily. “I don’t know anything about a lake monster. I came here to camp.”
“...You are weak right now—do you think it wise to anger me?”
Bruce couldn't really escape notice when Clint was looking right at him while talking, so he just nodded and pretended his mouth was too full to reply. It could've been true.
"The residue trail I scanned went from the Baxter Building to the Hudson. I think somebody got on a boat or something after that. The trail goes cold here."
"Who's there...?" The voice was weak, kind of faint...and most definitely female.
But the kids weren’t headed for a sandcastle. They raced up to one of the giant fancy umbrellas and flung the water bucket at the woman lounging there, who screamed and jumped to her feet—shaking water from her book angrily.
He paused here for dramatic effect (and to take a bite of a graham cracker, because s'mores.)
Well, Tony thought, this was unexpected. He should fake dying more often—it sure got Steve to open up. Drawing a slow, slightly shaky breath (mostly for dramatic intent, but his chest really hurt, too), he squeezed Steve's hand in return and smiled sadly.
"Unharmed, huh?" Tony gestured to the blond's current attire of just his pants and tilted his head as if to say, 'really?'
"I'm sure you've got something better to do, too!" Peter called after him, before swinging around a corner and away. Deadpool wouldn't shut up or go away until he just plain left—and even now, he knew the guy would randomly show up again soon. He was relentless.
"It's a city," he informed Wade, swinging them toward Stark tower. At least, he assumed Wade had meant Stark tower. There weren't many other towers in town.
"Huh? Bug genomes?" Peter asked, making Tony jump. When had the kid gotten back? He was wearing some purple jeans that had to belong to Bruce, a slightly oversized gray T-shirt with "Donutstravaganza!!! 1998" plastered across the chest in hot pink, rainbow-sprinkled lettering, and no shoes.
"Hopefully not on this train. I'm meeting Aunt May at my stop, and the LAST thing I want is to have him anywhere near her."
Bruce blinked at the door and fell silent. He glanced back at Steve, then to Hawkeye.
Loki let out a long sigh, smiling up at Bruce. The brown haired man was sort of handsome, in a scuffy kind of way.
"I don't know, you came up to Cap and hugged him and you were talking about dads at the time," he explained, still very quietly. "Can, uh, can I talk to you away from the beach? It's about Cap and Tony. I'm worried about them."
Cracking open an eye, the blond noticed that it was way past dark, but he and Hulk were still up on their big old boulder. He and Hulk had gone off to sleep where Bruce had camped before. If anyone knew a good spot to camp in, it was Bruce.
Was it okay if he touched Bruce now? Bruce was touching HIM.
“Deadpool? Sorry, we haven’t seen any costumed people here. That was the point, actually,” Steve replied, shaking his head.
“I’m pretty sure he’s just a normal guy, Cap,” Tony sighed. “He said he met Peter through the newspaper and they started going out for coffee together. And he thinks Peter’s busy all the time because of work, school, and ‘helping people.’ Talking to the Avengers, you’d think he’d just admit it’s super hero stuff if he knew about it, right?”
Steve couldn’t help frowning at Tony for that.
"I'm not dying, I'm sleeping." He had tried to leave several times while they were outside, only to be stopped by an overly concerned Captain America. This day was awful!
“Are you staying with that man?” She asked quietly, her almond shaped emerald eyes glancing after Thor.
Steve stared at the instrument, straining to imagine the great and powerful Doctor Doom playing Bach. No. That probably never happened. Maybe he could escape from here?
"I'll watch them," Bruce volunteered warily. He didn't plan on letting his Clint out of his sight, at this rate.
With another sweep of his arms, he vanished, revealing his actual form...HER actual form.
Peter squinted at the beauty, letting the information sink in. This was Loki? Like Thor’s stepbrother Loki, God of Mischief, that Loki? And Thor knew it?
“What? No, no, I owe Wade a do-over after all of this,” Peter said quickly. He’d called it, Matt felt like he was intruding. “And we didn’t plan for it, but there’s no turning back now—this’s turned into that ‘meet the dads’ trip, and I-I need you both here for that. I’m still gonna spend a weekend alone with each of you guys, I promise.”
Wade kept Peter dipped, glancing around them slowly.
"Okay, fine. They've been gone for hours, but we'll wait some more. Couldn't hurt, right?" He stepped past them toward the elevator back up to the rest of the mansion. "If it turns out they're being tortured, waiting was your idea, big guy."
Tony sat up, holding up his hands.
"Oh, good..." Bruce accepted the little case gratefully and went right back to the table.
“Uh,” Clint said, clearing his throat. “What were you planning on doing today?”
"What?! Are you serious?" Peter turned and stared at him. "I had no idea, you never told me that!"
Rain splashed into his eyes, but Steve still made his way around the outside of the mansion. The large shield dome above the mansion, though weakened, provided enough light for him to see. Some of the mansion's lights had come back on too, but they weren't very bright.
"You just grabbed some random chunk of metal and stabbed me with it. GREAT."
"It's probably not the only one out there, Cap," he said, laughing a little despite himself. "That shark's out here in its own home, not bothering anybody, and we're the ones who came paddling through."
“We’re in the slowest, quietest, most boring beautiful nature setting we could find,” Tony grumbled. “How did everybody end up so stressed out?”
He turned to Tony and gestured after them.
“The weather doesn’t bother me. Besides, there’s not a lot of space under there. I don’t want to crowd you.”
“Whoa, what?” He managed, realizing what Peter had said. “What do you mean you know they wouldn’t? Kid, the 1950s weren’t exactly friendly to gay people. My bet’s on Cap being a homophobe. I dunno about Tony. He’s a bit…metrosexual. Could be gayer than a box of crayons and I wouldn’t be surprised.”
The two Avengers had walked their assigned section of the city for hours before finding a high perch at the top of a hotel. Wisely, Hawkeye had directed the Hulk AWAY from the glass skyscrapers and to a more industrial styled one with metal bars and lots of bolts.
"Alright, alright. Jeez."
“YUP!” With his face glowing, Clint couldn’t look Bruce in the eye. JEEZ. Gathering the sunscreen off his arms on his fingers, he hurriedly coated his face. Hopefully the sunscreen was opaque enough to cover all his damned blushing.
"Just do it," Loki told him, looking up at Bruce. It had been a long time since he’d actually been impaled by any weapon. Realizing that he had been staring into Bruce's eyes for more than a few seconds, the Jotun looked away.
Glancing at Tony’s face as it was colored by his glowing reactor, Cap felt a lump trying to form in his throat.
Bruce shrugged.
They stepped into the cabin together, and the sound of the storm roaring cut to a muffled din of rain splattering onto the roof. It was dark in there—was the power out?
“Both of you,” Clint told him, laughing nervously.
"No way," Clint growled, stepping up to glare the other him down. "Dude, there's no way you're real! I am. Or the other me. Whichever. But not you!" He sounded so adamant about it. Why did the second Hawkeye get a pass, but not this third one?
"If he's after the impostor Hawkeye like we think he is, neither of us has what we want—maybe he'll trade Cap and the others for that so-called Hawkeye back home."
“Tag, not it!” Clint said quickly.
Bruce glanced quickly back at him.
“I’ll drink yours,” Clint said, plunking down heavily beside the fire to stare the coffee pot down.
“Sooo…” He began, smiling awkwardly.
With a resounding gasp, Wade slapped his hands to his face, blue eyes impossibly wide.
"Then we SMASH!"
"You wanna jump right to Hulk level with this? Okay," Tony said, shrugging as Thor sat back from the hug. Steve's fiance turned and started toward the lake shore—then froze in his tracks. "Uh, Cap?"
Steve walked in silence for a minute, staring off ahead of them as that comment processed. Tony liked him?
“Loki? I know that you are here,” Thor called, dropping Mjolnir with a muddy ‘thunk’ and glancing around. “Come out and talk to me. Please.”
Thor was seated on the lake shore, hammer at his side, gazing out across the water. He had tied the flannel shirt around his waist, leaving him in the white tee underneath, and his long golden hair ruffled in the light breeze. It was a strangely quiet, almost wistful scene.
“Are you lost, friends?” Thor popped his head around the tree, chuckling. “Forget a single arrow, there are s’mores to be made!”
Doom didn’t offer him a shirt OR threaten to strap him down again. Instead, he headed over to the counter and poured Clint a glass of water as he'd done for Captain America, offering it to the blond without comment.
This was fine, Peter told himself as the first wave of powerful onion fumes wafted across him and out into the rest of the kitchen. He could already feel his eyes stinging.
A nervous flutter set off in Steve’s stomach as he realized that Tony was most likely still in bed.
Tony lowered his coffee, blinking.
Bruce blinked and glanced down at his foot tiredly.
How pathetic, Loki thought sleepily.
"Nope. Not a thing!" Deadpool chimed happily, biting into his hotdog. He chewed quietly, staring out at the occasional car passing and playing with his crumpled hotdog foil absently.
He sighed and took the turn his Stark GPS was indicating on the dashboard. It was exhausting thinking every day was going to be another brawl. Switching off was impossible for him, personally, but maybe if he put on enough of a show of relaxing and not worrying, the others might think it was a thing. Leading by example and all that. If only Cap would get that message, too.
"Well, the shield didn't go out along with the power, so I thought I'd check up on you. What are you doing all the way over here?" The blond woman paused to hover near him, looking around at the flooding river below.
"Can I go to my room now?" Loki asked, unsure if he sounded like Hawkeye or not at that moment. Clearly, he was meant to slowly bleed out from his lousy first aid skills on the couch of his enemies...
"It’d suck if I got sick. Last time my ears got so plugged that when I sneezed and they popped, it hurt like hell. But hey, I got lots of TV time."
‘Loki and Thor, Brothers or Lovers?’ Red text blared on the screen. Quickly going past the title, Loki peeked around and found that the mortals were all caught up in their own business and were ignoring his handsome human form.
"Yeah, fine," Tony said, turning back to him. "What do you want?"
“Yeah, good idea.” Bracing himself to get smacked in the face by the weather again, he pulled the door open and stepped back into the storm.
“Yeah, I think we’ve got the jump on Loki!” Wade announced, hopping to his feet and holding the book up. “I took his spell book.”
They stood there for a moment smiling at each other before Cap realized that he was doing it and hurried to speak.
“Uh, OW?” The archer protested, growling into his coffee cup.
Once they were close enough that the waves washing on the shore hushed out the voices over by the bonfire, Bruce started walking slowly along the edge of the beach, falling into step beside Steve.
So he was a little bitter about that particular comment. So Steve's moping was starting to really annoy him. It was tough to tell what Cap even hoped would happen, here. If he was worried about staying in the closet, he wouldn't have wanted to try and be an example of two men together for Peter to see that that was okay. Was it just Tony in particular he had decided against, then? If so, ouch. All a guy had to do was slip up and drink half of a bottle of tequila ONE time...
Bruce took advantage of the conversation distracting his patient, injecting Loki with something. Just as he was readying the needle and surgical thread, there was a little hum...and the lights flickered on, albeit at a very low level of brightness.
Stopping dead at the bottom of the steps, Clint crossed his arms and frowned at the white sandy shoreline.
"Yeah, it's nice to relax and watch some FAKE peril for once," Peter joked, sitting cross-legged and leaning back against the side of the couch.
Deadpool looked up from his TV, tucking whatever he had been eating back into a random pouch on his belt.
“Of course,” Clint agreed with a shrug, sticking a hand out toward Bruce and grinning. “You’re way smarter than me.”
"Do you even want me along, or is this just all about the other guy?" He asked flatly, sticking his hands in his pants pockets.
Tony raised both brows.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“Whatcha having? We had cereal and jerky bites!” Wade beamed, propping a hand on his hip.
Well, so much for that idea. Cap seemed pretty unhappy with that absolute declaration, though. Peter started slathering a hamburger bun in ketchup and mustard just to stay busy, putting the cooked burger Cap had handed him on the bun and sandwiching it.
"To insects, mere children appear as gods," Doom sniffed, turning his back and swooshing his cloak dramatically. He stuck a fist in the air. "These 'gods' have not met DOOM!"
The scientist put his hands on Clint's shoulders out of reflex—the blond was standing so close, and had turned so fast, that he was afraid of being knocked over. Once his hands were there, though, he just kind of froze up.
Tony gave him a scrutinizing stare in return.
Hawkeye watched him in the reflection on the shop's door for the second time. His expression was hard to read. It was somewhere between confusion and frustration.
"Do I smell waffles?" Peter leaned around the doorframe, peering hopefully into the kitchen. He rubbed at one eye sleepily, adding, "Are waffle irons allowed? They're technology-ish."
“But for real, there’s some really creepy people camped out in the woods. Big lumberjack types. I saw one break a tree with his bare hands. Why would he break down a whole tree if he wasn’t making a fire big enough to cook a person?”
“So, you knew all along,” Peter said, now even more bemused. “Aren’t you guys, like…related?”
The mental image WAS pretty funny.
Loki smiled as warmly as possible, moving up to the gate. If he asked to talk to Tony, the man would probably just point him to his assistant and leave, so something else.
"T-thank you, Bruce," Captain America said sincerely. He sat down beside Loki, coughing into the crook of his elbow. "When...did you s-say Tony was coming b-back? He s-shouldn't—" he doubled over, rasping. After finally gasping, he began again, speaking quickly. "S-shouldn't be out alone w-when Doom is k-kidnapping people."
Judging by Clint's whole attitude tonight, he would try it again if he thought that meant the Hulk showed up. Bruce wasn't referring to the Hulk, though—the Hulk was not an option, not here.
Tony knew that Bruce really didn't care if he wound up sleeping on a dirty floor. It definitely wouldn't be the first time.
"Because you're a robot."
“Hey,” Clint said more gently, “I’m sorry you don’t get to come out much. You probably get bored sitting around in Hulk’s head all the time.”
"Pretty sure the last few hours last night count as sleepwalking," Tony said with good-natured weariness, accepting the cup of coffee. "For me? Wow, what did drunk me even say to you?"
"Yeah well. I think fond isn't the word—more like fondle." The other demigod pushed his hand away, carefully holding back his strength so that he appeared to be a mortal. Why did Thor have to stick around? Wasn't the field supposed to allow Loki to walk around alone now?
Bruce shrugged and started after the big blond.
Turning to Peter, Clint offered the trail mix back.
The motorcycle was VERY heavy, and quite enormous. It suited Wolverine, he thought.
Tony leaned very close to examine his face, obviously making Cap uncomfortable.
"Let go of him!" Bruce told Amora firmly. Loki or not, the guy on the ground looked like Clint...and an injured patient was an injured patient, right? It just wasn't right to leave anybody to this fate.
"Yeeeah...why don't I believe you right now? You're always telling me how there's nothing wrong with letting a teammate help you instead of doing everything alone, so right back at you, Captain."
“We were trying to keep that part quiet this weekend,” Tony admitted, “but yeah. Peter’s a good kid—photographed Cap for the Bugle a time or two. We had no idea he was camping in this same area when we got here. He’s out on a hike. C’mon, why don’t you come back to camp with us and I’ll see if he’s answering his phone again yet?”
Peter glanced quickly between him and Daredevil, eyes widening.
The Hulk came over and stood there with his arms crossed, watching intently like Loki might try to skip an important step. Bruce was probably explaining what those steps were inside the creature’s head.
“I told them I was looking for you,” Matt said, smiling warmly as he leaned in to give Peter a kiss.
“The entire week, and I give him a good talking to about the importance of being responsible.”
"Poor Cap and Tony," Peter said, but couldn't help a small chuckle.
"And his card doesn't work."
“I’m having fun,” Clint sighed, finishing off his drink. Turning back to Tony, he tipped his head curiously. “So, you’re not mad that I’m dating Bruce? Like, that’s okay? Cool.”
"GUH—what?!" Peter had hunched up his shoulders like he was about to be hit out of pure gut reaction, and now his heart was pounding and the spider sense was tingling and everything. Could it do that just out of paranoia...?
He and Carol were flying their way over Transylvania at the moment.
Pepper smiled at that a little.
"Huh. I guess I could sketch some ideas out," he offered, like drawing designs on paper was a really particular and deliberate choice. For a guy who usually had access to computers with holographic screens, it really was. Tony was doing remarkably well at not complaining about missing his tech, too. He seemed determined to live like a normal person for the week.
Capturing Steve was a pretty good excuse to weaken him, but from the way Clint talked, Doom had some ulterior motives for LEAVING him that way. Then again, Doom had handed Steve the cure himself, apparently.
Of the two of them, Peter knew Matt was in more danger, so he did the most reasonable thing he could in this situation. “Stay here,” he whispered, and leapt out of the tree to land on the ground not far from Wade.
"I don't 'toy'," Tony said dismissively. "A-and Cap has some pretty strong feelings for me. He said so."
“I had a girlfriend once,” Bruce replied wearily, looking at Clint’s hand on his wrist. He actually seemed uneasy about it. What a thought. As if he couldn’t turn into Hulk and throw Clint across the mountaintop just by thinking about things that pissed him off for a minute or two.
The tacklebox was much worse for wear than it was when it arrived, though. The metal box was scrunched up around the edges with giant suspiciously finger-shaped dents. Hawkeye looked both baffled and miffed as he turned to Bruce.
"We're supposed to believe you two sneaked out in the middle of the night for a sandwich?" Carol cut in, stepping in to frown at him.
"I-I don't think that's what was going on in there."
Well, when he said it that way it was creepy. Especially said right into Peter's ear.
"He can get them," Loki suggested shortly, resting his arms over Bruce's.
“Thanks for saying ‘we’, but we both know a little weather won’t hurt the guy who froze solid for decades,” Tony said, taking his hand. He started to climb to his feet. A bolt of lightning split the sky above them, followed very closely by a deafening growl of thunder. Tony looked at the kayak and frowned. “I don’t know, Cap, I think going out on the water in this would be worse than staying here.”
Carol nodded and gave him a thumbs up.
"Get my motorcycle to the garage Jarvis--I'm going after him," the blond man said, standing up unsteadily.
“That makes the trunk…Ugh,” Clint grumbled, finishing off his sandwich. “Look, I don’t care what they think. I know Hulk and I are just buddies.”
Doom was silent for a long moment...and then straightened, offering his hand once more.
Clint sputtered, but then his eyes grew wide as the masked man’s words sank in.
“Aye, ‘tis a piece of bandages, and before the rain they must have been even more soaked with blood,” Thor said, holding it up. “I fear someone is seriously wounded.”
Securing the log with more webs, Peter took the opportunity to hang upside-down from a tree branch. Going even a few days without getting to be Spider-Man was weird after three years of doing so constantly. In the city there was always some crime going on to stop.
"Alright. Save me some fried rice." She pushed off the floor into the air, flying off out the door.
Meanwhile on screen, the first teen mom was taking a walk with her baby in a stroller, stalking the overly tall haired young man that she had set her sights on. The baby's muzzle had been removed, but it was reaching out at everything it passed.
"Who knocks?! Oh," he said, blinking at Spider-Man. "...'Spidey', is it?"
"Thor, my love! You will be mine—I swear it!" Flinging a charging Ms. Marvel aside, Amora vanished in a shimmer of green smoke. She knew better than to think that she could take on Hulk and Thor alone.
"Yeah!" Johnny grinned, reaching up to offer Spider-Man his palm. "High five, dude!"
Muttering under his breath, Clint hurried to climb down from his perch on the rocks. Thor had gone way overboard with the whole ‘strand Cap and Tony’ shtick. So much so that Clint was unable to stay on his lookout point anymore due to extremely crazy gusts of wind. Never mind the downpour and the fact that he couldn’t even SEE their leaders anymore.
"Where did you think Hulk learned to do a breaststroke from, exactly?" He let go of one of Clint's hands to finally reach up and wipe the wet dark hair out of his eyes. Nonchalantly, he reached up and swiped Clint's bangs out of his face next, nodding. "I still haven't actually gotten to swim yet, so maybe we should head for the rocks now."
"Don't get too excited," Tony grumbled, rubbing his temples. He paused, frowning at Daredevil. "So you know Wade AND Peter. That must mean you're their 'friend' Matt," he concluded, arching a brow. Daredevil seemed so ominously-themed for a guy named Matt.
Bruce cringed a little. The people who ran the place were still inside and everything! Gingerly, he placed his hands on Clint's shoulders and took hold of them, steering him away from the door.
Turning, Peter reached up and combed through Matt’s hair with both hands, smoothing it down a little as he planted a soft kiss on the redhead’s lips. “We’ll find ‘em. I smell coffee, you want coffee?”
It was nice to be able to talk to Tony again, even if it was temporary. Cap was certain that once they were satisfied Peter was dating someone decent, he and Tony would be right back to distancing themselves.
The Hulk snarled and grabbed Amora in one big fist, lifting her off of Loki—and smacking her into the nearest wall of the building. Dust and rubble rose into the air. The Hulk was friends with Hawkeye, but in a blind rage he wasn't safe for anybody to be around.
Warm light poured through the thick foliage ahead of them, stretching out the shadows of the tree trunks in all directions.
He heard Tony sigh heavily behind him and fall into step.
“Aye, I understand. How could I be anything but happy for my friends? We shall feast and dance in your honor!”
"I said, did he actually say that?" Bruce pretended to be very interested in a random piece of newspaper on the ground by his shoe.
"To claim him you must first go through me, villain!"
"Couch? No no, he's going right to the medical room," Tony insisted, hurrying after the two. He stuck close to Steve and kind of hovered an arm near his back in case the blond started to tip over, popping up the face of his suit and leaning to get a better look at Steve.
The tall blond man slid off, standing shakily on his feet. He leaned an arm on Iron Man's shoulder to stay up straight.
Tony raised an eyebrow, too, at Matt running over without his walking stick. Apparently, unlike Clint, he hadn’t bothered to look through the entire SHIELD database.
“Peter!” Matt hurried his way, reaching his hands out toward Peter. The alarm on Cap’s face as Matt managed to pass the campfire safely was priceless.
As she propped a hand on her hip, her damp book tucked under her arms, she gestured down the beach.
“Staycation is exactly right,” Tony said, flashing him a smile. Wow, they agreed—they were agreeing with each other! A little sandbar time really had done them a world of good. “We’ll see how long that lasts with us at the mansion in the same town where trouble usually starts. I’m all vacationed out, though. Hammocks sound great until you sleep in one for a few days.”
"Thought so," Hawkeye growled, rubbing his hand.
"Press the button, wave it over the ground, listen for beeps?" Bruce suggested, looking down at the metal detector with a sigh. He gave Clint's hand a small squeeze and let go of it. "Clint, I hope you know I'm not trying to guilt you into spending time with me. It's okay, I've spent years alone." He held up his hands and shrugged. Who went on a group vacation and spent it away from the group, though?
Then Hawkeye grinned at Loki.
Reaching Steve, Tony placed a hand on his shoulder, trying not to smirk at Loki. The guy looked like a drenched cat.
"Hey! Welcome back!"
Realizing he'd just been standing there frowning unhappily for a moment, he ran a hand through his hair and nodded at the door.
"Thanks," Bruce said wearily, accepting the clothes with a small smile. "I realized changing outside on a public beach is...not a great idea." He looked down at the brightly-colored fabric for a long moment. "..."
“I’m sorry?” Cap said, coming over to hand Matt a cup of coffee…VERY carefully.
Peter had been through some very hard times lately, and both the leaders of the Avengers had made sure he made it through. Sometimes, it was as simple as giving him back up when he was facing off with some animal-costumed loon. And sometimes, it was being there when Peter needed someone to talk to about his extraordinary life that he couldn’t share with his aunt May.
It was easy to forget how many inches Wade had on him for height, Peter thought, looking up at him. It was then that he remembered Bruce and Clint were at the top of the stairs down to the beach, and probably staring at this situation. He reached up and patted the blond's cheek, mostly to stick his palm to it and pull Wade's head down low enough to whisper at him without anybody hearing. If it looked like a quick smooch on the beach, well, they shouldn't be looking anyway. Served them right.
"Okay, I have to ask." The blond man fixed him with a frown. "Why are you acting so weird?"
"Oh, no doubt." The cosmic powered Avenger sighed. "We really should figure that out before we go chasing after magic trails," she said pointedly. "He could be a spy—and I don't mean the kind from SHIELD."
"Okay, time to be DOCTOR Bruce Banner, pal..."
Peter tilted his head. He DID get it...he was more surprised that he actually found it kind of funny than anything.
"Bruce?" The man on the floor said softly, sitting up. "And...other me. Nice of you to stop by."
"Tony could have fooled me," Peter pressed, ignoring the change of subject. It wasn't because he really, really didn't want to explain Wade's Deadpool persona, nope, this was to help Steve and Tony... Sitting his plate aside, Peter hopped to his feet and held out his hands. "I know he's famous for being with models and other beautiful women, but listen, Cap, I work at a newspaper. Nobody's reported on Tony being with anybody since the Avengers formed, except the same ol' rumors about him and Pepper. It's part of why the tabloids keep thinking he's with YOU--he spends more time with you than anybody."
Wade snickered.
"Hang tight, lady."
Cap looked to Tony for help. At least Peter wasn’t in his camp at that moment.
Bruce stood and moved to follow him.
“Oh, me neither!” Peter said hastily, holding up his hands. He mustered a nervous smile. “I thought maybe we could be not very good at it together, you know?”
They appeared to be held on by some kind of energy, like an electromagnetic lock. That fit Doom's abilities with metal and electricity well enough to believe.
“Lead the way to the shortcut, Wade,” Peter said, slapping the taller man on the back with a smile. He had his phone in his other hand. “I’ll try calling Tony again since we have reception right now.” Glancing back at Clint, his smile turned to a look of concern. “Annnd I think I’d better check on Hawkeye’s stitches, too.”
“There’s a chance that could be from Hawkeye. He ripped the stitches in his arm on the hike up here.”
Clint sat back and huddled in his blanket again, watching the babies crawl away with a fake looking arm with a raised eyebrow.
“I’m sorry Bruce. Please stay closer to camp. Tony has bear spray, I’m sure.”
Clint grabbed his piece, sinking his teeth into it and cracking a smile at Bruce.
“How quaint.”
What had they even been arguing about?
"Hulk says if he showed up, the beach suddenly would be private, because everybody would run away," he muttered, muffled by the fabric. Tossing the hoodie aside, he pulled off the white T-shirt underneath it next. "Maybe I'll just try to marathon nap for seven straight days..."
"Thanks, but I'd better stick to just coffee for now. Ugh. I don't remember going to bed, it's a big blur." He waved a hand to illustrate the idea, sipping the coffee with a small sigh. "Something about mermaids and...piggyback rides? That can't be right."
Without waiting for Tony to reply, Steve started out into the hallway.
As soon as the alarm was off he noticed another sound. A creak on the roof. It was pouring rain outside, complete with grumbling thunder and brief flashes of lightning.
Tony wanted to insist that he could walk on his own--he wasn't that drunk, damn it--but at the moment tequila was a convenient excuse for Cap to pick him up and carry him around. He debated what to do for a couple of seconds before climbing onto Cap's back and looping both arms around the blond's neck.
Watching him go, Cap went back to poking at the burgers.
"Don't move around, you'll reopen the wound..."
“I found a good spot yesterday,” Steve told Peter, smiling. “I just need to gather up some shells and glass before I start working on a design.” Feeling awkward for asking, Cap added to Tony, “I could use some help with that, too. I’d hate for it to turn out looking like Doom’s place.”
“Here.”
Moving closer to get a better view of Clint’s arm, he started stitching. Wow, what kind of pills had those been? That hardly even hurt.
"Cut it out," Bruce said, through clenched teeth. He hadn't moved one step toward the door, either.
Wetting a piece of gauze, he scooted a bit closer and started to peel off Clint’s hasty field bandage that he’d slapped on to slow the bleeding before.
“Uh,” Clint sat up too, scratching his head—which quickly turned to dusting sand from his hair. “So, I sort of panicked last night. Ahhh…well, I was trying to get Tony to open up and I was drunk…” Cringing, Clint sighed. “I told him we were dating. Sorry. Just tell him I’m full of crap.”
The green giant offered no explanation; in fact, he downright ignored Loki's question and headed for the kitchen. Lightning sizzled above them, and there was a sudden deafening rise in volume as rain flooded down onto the roof of the mansion. Thor probably had something to do with weather this bad.
"The plan has been revised since the agreement was made," Doom said. "Tell me, what reason would DOOM have to poison someone already at his mercy? If Stark returns and finds you dead, there will be no bargaining for the Arc reactor, even."
The blurry top-down view could have been anything.
Well, they actually hadn’t argued about that at all—though they debated when to tell Peter. Cap eventually won and they opted to tell him after he graduated high school, which was way too soon. That was in this year, wasn’t it?
As soon as the door was open, Clint Barton was stepping through it, hand up to shade his eyes from the sun. He mumbled to himself and stepped around them, heading for the beach.
Clint took a step closer. "You keep acting like I'm gonna to pull a knife on you or something."
Steve’s smile faded as he wondered if Loki would try and take revenge on the campers instead of him.
"R-right. Sandwiches." He very deliberately lifted his hands from Clint's shoulders and tucked his arms close to his sides as he usually did, clearing his throat far more loudly than he'd intended to. "We'd, ah, we'd better get moving, then."
“NOW?” Hawkeye growled, shaking off Steve’s hand. “I’m busy.” Turning on his heel, he disappeared back out of the room.
“Uh, I helped bugs—PETER on a thing. It was definitely not a dangerous thing! Just a thing!”
He headed for the door of the train as fast as possible without waiting for a response.
"Uh. Yeah, she seems like it?" He offered uncertainly. "I'm sorry, I'm still back at the part where you both just told somebody you're my DADS. That's..." He shook his head, cursing his suddenly-misty eyes.
"Maybe he's somebody else's tech, and Doom wants it," Tony mused. "Great, so who sent the impostor Hawkeye in the first place? It IS the only reason I can see Doom wanting him, though. We're almost there...we'll find out what Doom was trying to do when we ask Cap what they've been up to on the flight home."
Bruce frowned slightly, but didn't comment—he poked at Loki's side near the wound.
On the other side of the card's audio, they could hear Thor talking to Tony—amazingly, not loud enough to hear what he was saying.
Slowly turning back around, Peter glanced back at Thor and the others over by the tree and concluded they were out of earshot.
"You think money and weapons impress Tony Stark?" Tony snickered a bit, shaking his head. "Look, I'm not sure what this is about, but save it, okay? Where's Cap? He was barely on his feet when he left to find Pepper."
"WOAH!" Clint yelled up. "Don't do that! That's a really bad idea!"
Great, the chatterbox guy was coming along. He led the way to his and Bruce’s room, holding the door for all three of them to come in. As quietly as he could, he shut the door and clicked the lock into place. Stepping around them, he took a seat on the floor beside Bruce.
"You're welcome, sir," the AI replied drolly. They could all hear it because it spoke through Tony's helmet.
"I need to talk with you. Alone." The blond peered through the bars at him.
“What’re you doing?” Matt sighed, untangling himself from the loud blond. “Then maybe we should just leave them alone? For all we know, they worked it out.”
“If we try to keep them away it’ll be really obvious we planned this whole thing,” Peter pointed out. “I’m a little worried about them, so honestly I hope they’re paddling in like normal.” He turned and headed for the cabin door to see for himself. If the Avengers co-leaders were still fighting, it would probably be pretty easy to tell from the looks on their faces, even at a distance.
Something scraped across the roof. It sounded like a branch had landed on top of the house. It must be windy too.
"Oh, come on Doomy. We can talk. Who cares about Thor?"
Not that Bruce and Hulk were the same person. They certainly had different likes and dislikes—though both seemed to get along with Hawkeye. Perhaps…all three? There was a strange thought.
“It took me forever to get down here! The train was PACKED and everyone was confused why I wanted to come here and Matt gave me so much SHIT about that homeless guy—he yelled at me for like HOURS! I told him you were, you know, MISSING, and we went to your school in hoodies and stalked your ex. But SHE didn’t know where you either, then I remembered the hot dog and I took the first bus out! Sorry I’m late!” He plunked Peter down on his feet, then hugged him tightly again. “Ah man, I miss you! You smell like waffles,” he added, sounding curious.
"Sure," the shirtless archer said dubiously. "And a shirt. My size." He pointed to himself as if to clarify. "In black. No sleeves." He made small motions in the air as he spoke. The other watched, eyebrow raised.
