"And nobody else in town can let him drink? What about the guy that owns the bar? Why does it have to be you?"
"You went out in the night half dressed like an idiot," Castiel said, his voice chastising. Dean looked up at him, remembering the way Castiel had stormed out of the house. He bit his lip.
Dean replaces the notebook and then clamps his hands on either ends of the whole row of books, compressing them into a single object he can pull from the shelf and quickly tip sideways to carry to the table. He is of course most impressive when no one is around to witness.
So that’s it. Cas crashes into Dean, kissing him with enough fervor to knock Dean on his heels. He’s grabbing at his shirt, maneuvering him back and around until his knees hit the bed. Dean loses his balance and falls—is possibly pushed—backwards, propping himself on his elbows to watch as Cas hovers over him, lips glistening in the gold lamp light, until he brings a knee to either side of Dean’s hips, to straddle him.
“Right,” Sam coughs, standing as well, along with Eileen, who looks like she’s about to fall asleep on her feet. “Well, uh, good job everyone.”
He just needs to go out and hone his skills, touch some women or whatever it is straight guys think.
“Well we saved a town full of innocents, Sam, and I don’t know about you, but I’m not in the habit of looking at no horse’s mouths.”
Once Dean closes the door behind him, however, Cas turns around with apparent anger. “Dean, I need to know what…” he trails off.
is all he can come up with. He shuffles just a little closer on the bed. “Look, I’m sorry this is happening. It probably sucks to get your mojo messed with like this.”
Cas changes into a shirt that’s too big and shorts that are too small. The shorts are hot in a gym-teacher sort of way, but the shirt is obviously one of Sam’s, the hem almost covering the shorts entirely. He looks goofy. Dean still needs to chug some water anyway and use all of his energy to concentrate on keeping his eyes on where Cas’s fists are, not what shade or exactly how hairy his thighs are.
“That’s not necessary, I can apply bandages myself,” Cas protests. He’s chewing his cheek and looking down the hall. His embarrassment is mostly just exasperating Dean. It’s not like Dean hasn’t punched his feelings into a wall or door or car or bed or—
He repeats the process with a paper map of Kansas. But the amulet snaps to exactly where the bunker would be.
Dean shuffles a little bit. “I don’t I guess, but I keep checking on him. And I keep texting him ‘Still alive?’ and he responds ‘yes’ to those. So.”
He’s not gay, but he never spent a year in the woods with Lisa, trusting her with his life to kill whatever monster might happen on them, while he gets a half hour of sleep. He didn’t save the world over and over again with her. She didn’t disobey direct orders and leave behind everything she ever knew to save him. She never saw his soul, like literally saw it, and if she did, he’s not sure she would stay. Not like Cas did. Like he does.
They wait a minute while nothing happens before Dean finally sinks onto the bed next to Cas’s feet. “I don’t know,” he says, wiping a hand down the full length of his face. “I don’t know.”
Dean doesn’t know why he reaches out and grabs Cas by the wrist, whispers, “Wait.” Cas looks at Dean’s hand wrapped around his arm. He drops it when Joan returns to top his coffee off, sharing another smile with him before going to the kitchen again.
The witch howls as flames snake out from the bindings, licking up at her face. “I don’t know!” she screams, finally. “I’ve been summoning her and she’s not here!”
“Shut up,” Cas mutters back, pushing the hem up with his thumbs, skating his hands up over Dean’s chest to pull the shirt over his head. “I only needed to confirm that you’re as emotionally compromised as I am,” he drops the shirt on the floor, “and now that I know, I’d like to continue to engage in our previous activities which seemed to be leading to sexual intercourse.”
“What the fuck is a witch-killing bullet? That’s the stupidest…” She eyes the counter for blunt objects behind her as Dean takes a few more steps forward.
One minute, the four are piling into the Impala, trying to get their stories straight. The next minute, Cas is gone again. Dean slams on the steering wheel, yelling, “Damnit, Cas! What the hell!”
“Okay, so. You’re telling me this Durga chick, she’s trying to unleash these, these rakshasa demons as revenge. For—”
A smirk passes over Cas’s lips as he recalls the first time he ever went on “a bender,” how abandoned he was. How he used to believe. And how Dean couldn’t console him, but tried anyway. In his own way. Cas realizes he thinks of that time, before the not-apocalypse, as someone else’s story.
Cas gestures around and knocks over an empty bottle in the process. “Oh,” he says, and crumples a little. Dean stops the rolling glass with his foot and offers his hand.
“You look better than last night,” Dean says, shifting his weight but not changing position. “You kinda freaked me out.”
“Look asshat,” Dean starts intelligently. “You’re gonna give me the skull stick. And you wanna know why? ‘Cause I’m the one outside the circle. And circle takes the square. Staff. Thing.” He shakes his head.
They land against a wall, plastic leaves from a fake plant crowding next to them. Dean leans his forearm across Cas’s chest, still holding his other arm. They stop they for a moment to catch their breath. Cas’s eyes are gleaming dark with fury. Dean tries again to say
“Hey,” he says softly, raising his hand to reach for Cas’s arm. He hesitates with his hand hovering in the air as Cas just looks at him with wide eyes. Dean can almost hear Cas’s heart thumping, or maybe he’s just projecting.
Cas swats Dean’s hand away. “I’m just waiting until we find what we need. What am I supposed to do? I can’t fly to the field and examine the cows. I can’t find Gabriel or Kali. I’m sorry I’m not—“
“I’m coming with,” Sam says authoritatively. Eileen’s about to protest, but the man on the porch waves his hands in the air to say
“Look the HOA woman is expecting me and Eileen in twenty,” Sam shakes his head and concentrates. He hopes his quick recovery impresses Eileen. “You guys should look for hex bags or something around where it happened.”
Apparently taking after Dean, Cas deals with his feelings like a man. Which is to say he converts all negative emotions into rage and then directs that rage outward. In this case it is justified, but the amount of fury and malice in his voice when he growls “Gabriel...” startles Dean.
Cas’s face clears into a grin. He laughs, too, as he collapses his weight into Dean. His head falls to the pillow and he mumbles into it: “Good.”
Dean is more careful of his stance than with the punching bag, but he’s outclassed. He takes pride in his dodges and even gets in a few good swings. But Cas handles him easily, even as the fact of this makes Dean swing harder. Cas wants to give him feedback, if only to justify the premise of this weird ritual, but he shakes out his neck and shoulders instead.
by himself, the next, there’s a man sitting cross-legged, facing him, on the other end of the couch, watching him watch the screen.
“’On the fritz’?” Cas does the finger quotes. “Yeah. Seems so.” He takes a tentative sip from the steaming coffee. It burns just a little, and he can feel every second of it.
“Oh yeah? So let’s see the other guy,” Dean looks around the room behind him and bites the inside of his lip so he doesn’t smirk. He pushes the sleeve up past Cas’s wrist to prevent blood stains.
“Awesome,” he says flatly, standing and stretching. Cas glances over and Dean notices his eyes sweeping over his exposed torso. He bites his cheek so as not to smirk. “You want to get breakfast? Think there’s a diner down the block.”
“I’m sorry, I’m not sure what’s happening.” Cas frowns behind him. Dean whips around with owl eyes. “I feel…strange.”
Dean doesn’t understand the analogy. “We were hunting rakshasa in the suburbs of Omaha yesterday. We got jumped by two mooks and all of a sudden Cas’s shorting out. Can’t smite, keeps blipping out, then he goes full fireworks and KOs. Same thing today.”
While performing a locating spell on a particularly nasty witch, Dean slices his palm and pours his blood into a bowl.
“I brought you a present,” he says cheerfully, holding up the liquor bottles. “Time to have a chat.”
“Okay. So we’re on the neighborhood watch. Looking for someone that has to be invited inside, and looks like someone else, but we don’t know what.” Dean folds his arms.
Dean can think of about ten things (weapons, collectibles, pornos), none of which he wants to bring up at breakfast.
By the time they make it to the farm near Colorado Springs, the sun has gone down. Dean pulls the impala down the dirt path to the house, where a porch light flicks on. A man steps out holding a shotgun in one hand, pointed to the sky, to show he’s armed. The impala rolls to a halt.
“You mean…spar?” Cas is dubious. They both know he could kick Dean’s ass into next Tuesday. “I don’t know…” he shuffles.
Then, another ruffle of feathers, and Cas is sprawled in the backseat, legs pushing up against Eileen’s, head lolling back.
“Shit, man.” Dean rubs the back of his neck, casts his eyes around the room. “Shit. What does that mean? How do we get a new fuse?”
“We have to find them, and fast. The warding here is not enough to contain her for long. She’s wounded but she’ll heal.” Kali paces the room.
“What about Cas? We just leave him a note in case he comes back?” Dean shakes his head. He lets out a huff of air. “God. Let’s just…can we get some sleep first before we go on a goose chase?”
“Wait! Wait man. Come on. Jeez. I’m just—woah—” Dean suddenly loses his balance as Cas accidentally flies over to the other side of the room.
Dean gives him a look. The corner of Cas’s mouth tugs. He tries to shake it away but Dean’s got that little grin where his eyes glitter. And so, satisfied with having almost made Cas smile, Dean stands and starts clearing the lumps of clothes on the floor with his boot, kicking them into piles.
“He uh, brought Kali,” he nods, “Looks like they’re…involved. Again. And man, those two together? Kinda scared of what they’ll get into. That’s too much power.”
Cas is still on top of the sheets when Dean opens the covers on the other side of the bed. The shuffling of cloth and weight as he settles in on the mattress stirs Cas, and Dean freezes. But Cas only rolls onto his side, facing away, and folds his hands up under his chin. Dean lets out a breath of relief and falls asleep before his head hits the pillow.
While Dean is cooking in the kitchen, Cas blips in so close his coat brushes Dean’s arm. He eyes the sizzling burgers with a concentration that makes Dean arch an eyebrow. He opens his mouth to say “personal space, Cas,” but stands there frozen when Cas looks up at him, eyes wide and firm. Then Cas blips away.
“I can’t—I can’t feel it.” Cas leans up, fully alert now. Then there’s a beep and a click and the door opens to reveal Sam and Eileen, already dressed. Sam looks at Dean spread on the floor by Cas’s bed, still being clutched by the shoulder, with questioning narrowed eyes.
The sun is pulling pink and orange down to the horizon. Dean’s going about twenty over the speed limit, chewing his lip. Next to him, Cas watches the trees whip by. Sam’s in the backseat with headphones in, fiddling with his phone, and Eileen’s typing quietly on a laptop. Zeppelin’s “Whole Lotta Love” drifts out of the player and Dean is almost dancing with it. He’s bobbing his head and tapping one hand on the wheel, one on his thigh. He’s pretty sure he’s gonna start tasting blood soon if he doesn’t calm down. He tenses his hand into a fist, punches himself lightly in the thigh.
“Your place just happens to have a special chair with magic handcuffs,” Gabriel explains, inspecting his nails. “We might have to come back here alone,” he waggles his eyebrows at Kali, who rolls her eyes and redirects her gaze to the captive.
“Why?” Dean asks over his shoulder as he starts picking up some books off the floor, arranging them in his arms. “I’m just helping you—”
Sam and Cas both give him a puzzled look. “I just mean to like disappear if you’re gonna just pop in and out of existence!” He sighs, “I don’t want to freak out the locals before we even figure out what’s going on here.”
He heaves a full-body sigh. The stupid halo is on the floor; Cas must’ve dropped it when he disappeared.
“Guh,” he moans intelligently, swinging his legs over the edge. He kneads at more knots in his bare shoulders.
“So, let me get this straight,” Dean leans back in his chair at the map table. “The goddess falls in love with a witch, who mindwhammies her into raising a bunch of demons so that they can build an army?”
Cas is keeping his face as blank as he can, but Dean can tell he’s upset. “So the…touching. That was...”
A shuffling noise and a click, then the knob turns slowly in his hand. He drops it as the door creaks open two inches and a single eye peers out from the darkness.
“Let me out!” Durga howls again, shaking the room. A fissure in the wall spreads further towards the floor.
Dean then sees Cas in the house, in a hallway where the couple can’t see. He double takes, looking back at where Cas is no longer next to him.
Dean knows. He knows they should have just gone back to his room, or Cas’s, it doesn’t matter. It’s just that, the glow from the fridge illuminated Cas’s face in the dark of the kitchen and he looked clear and unburdened and sharp, like he does right before a fight, but instead of projecting cold violence, he was radiating heat and excitement. So Dean couldn’t help it, and he got carried away. That’s always been a problem for him.
“No!” Cas growls. “I have had a difficult time with the development of emotions. They are not easy to understand if you’re not born with them, and I don’t know what is typical to feel. I need to know if what I feel is what you feel, before we…”
Cas looks at him with wonder and confusion. Dean opens his eyes, jerks his head back, and flushes red. They stare at each other for a minute, breathing, trying to read one another.
“Are you better?” Dean takes a step closer, trying to see if there’s any lingering glow. The sludge on his chin and coat is gone, and so is his stubble. His hair is neater than before. Dean relaxes just a smidge.
“I’m not sure I have,” he says cryptically, finally pulling out what he needs. He sets the bag and filters on the counter and wills them to turn into a hot cup immediately. They don’t.
“Mira, she…I think it was a spell, but I…I remember. It was me…” she trails off, tears or sweat rolling down her face. “Is she…”
Nearby, men are killing their wives at an alarming rate. Evidence points to a siren, which for no reason at all makes Dean a little nervous. But cases have been sporadic recently, sometimes nothing for weeks, and he’s desperate to work out some frustration that he’s somehow still not aware is sexual.
Kali holds her hands out in front of her, flames like whips flying from her palms. The young woman strapped to the chair stares defiantly with her chin jutted up. Strands of black hair are plastered to her face with sweat and blood. Gabriel is standing to the side with his arms folded over his chest, bored.
Dean looks up the song but he doesn’t understand it at all. He doesn’t know what the metal clouds are, or what they have to do with birds. But he gets that it’s a sad sort of song about trying to get rid of something. He wonders what Cas is trying to get rid of, exactly.
“Yeah, well, could you send a text next time?” Dean huffs, “Kinda freaked us out again. Thought you might be stuck halfway across the world with no way to get back.”
“You mean too much to me,” Dean continues. “We’ve been through so much. And I’m not—I won’t—I’m not good with words, Cas, you know that. I’m sorry it took me so long to see it. I’m sorry.” He closes his eyes for a moment, pained.  “I just...” He gestures between the two of them. “This? It’s…it’s real.”
you. You can’t—you can’t tell me you don’t…want to…” he trails off, looking back down to Cas’s lips.
Dean shakes his head, staring at Cas in the mirror. He does not even register the subconscious desire to get Cas alone, if only for a second, to make sure he’s okay. That
Dean ends the call and tosses the phone in the passenger seat. Just great. He hates it when things get complicated.
“It was at a strip club,” Dean stares out the windshield, a small smile forming, “Talk about a dream case.”
“You think you can just—just—” Cas lets out a frustrated growl, grabs his t-shirt by the chest and shoves him. Dean, losing his balance against the counter, grabs Cas’s arm to steady himself, which of course throws Cas further into a rage. He flaps his arm, trying to lose Dean’s grip. “I was
“It’s okay,” Dean breathes against Cas’s mouth. He leans his whole body in, grabs Cas’s shoulder, presses him against the doorframe and kisses him again, before pulling back. “Though if that’s just what happens when we make out…” he trails off, feeling Cas’s heaving breaths against his own chest. “I’m kinda scared of what comes next.”
Later, after a surprise run in with a ghost they were hunting, the trio heads to a motel to regroup. Cas heals both of them, hovering his hand over Sam’s sliced shoulder absently, and then gently touching his fingers to Dean’s scraped forearm with great concentration. Dean realizes with relief that he doesn’t get a boner, but his mouth feels cottony anyway.
So sure, Dean is already on edge when he and Cas happen upon a man stalking around a suburban house. And it doesn’t help to be then surprised by another man standing behind them with a long, twisted sword. But even so, when they brawl and he stabs the guy with a brass blade (which has the same effect on him as a wet noodle), he’s still keeping it together. He’s cool under pressure. He can handle a change of plans.
“I long to know the feeling of your exquisite mouth on my aching cock,” Cas murmurs, kissing him. Dean freezes, his eyes wide. Cas opens his eyes and pulls back an inch.
Sam nods and grabs the thermos, takes a big swig. Dean grins watching Sam’s eyes bug out as he realizes the coffee is about one third parts whiskey.
“The thing about angels,” Gabriel says, stepping out from behind Sam and startling everyone, “is that we’re pretty hard to find if we
“Shit.” When they come to Cas’s room, the door is still open. Sam surveys the scene for a moment. “Where do you think he is?”
Dean pads closer, feeling responsible for a reason he can’t name. If not for the emotions, then just the coping mechanism. He’s really gotta stop drinking his feelings. But he doesn’t know how so he just lets the guilt settle in his chest.
Dean holds up the curious object and says, “Ta da!” as if Cas should understand what this bizarre contraption means. Dean cackles at Cas’s furrowed brow and leans over, placing the makeshift headband on Cas’s head, a pipe cleaner halo bouncing softly over his hair.
“Huh,” Gabriel nods. He grabs Cas’s chin and inspects his face, squeezes his cheeks until he opens his mouth. “So someone’s still got their fork in your socket. And it happened in Omaha, with the rakshasa nest.”
“If you wanna watch a movie with me,” Dean says without tearing his gaze from the shootout he’s seen a million times, “you gotta watch
“I don’t wish to make you uncomfortable,” he says after a moment. Dean swallows hard, not understanding where this could possibly be going.
“Nothing, nevermind. Here,” Dean pulls him back with another kiss. He palms along Cas’s back while kicking off his shoes, then, breaking away, he says, “Here,” again, and wiggles until Cas flips onto the bed. Dean fumbles through removing his coat, suit jacket, tie, and shirt all while mouthing along his jaw, until he can finally let his weight fall to his elbow to close the space between them and feel the warmth of Cas’s bare skin.
“Normally I wouldn’t care about any of this. But,” Kali shares a meaningful look with Gabriel, before fixing pointed looks at both Dean and Sam, “…well, you know.
“We’re done,” Cas breathes. He gives one last shove to Dean’s wrist pinned to the small of his back, and then, like he learned from the best, he gets up and flies out of the room as if nothing even happened.
Dean’s ignoring what feels like static electricity building in his chest. For no reason at all, he remembers they are alone in the bunker, as they are in this room. He pulls the bandage tight, tucking the end into the folds, then holds Cas’s hand up and catches his eye with a satisfied smile. “There,” he nods.
“Yeah, that’d be good,” Cas bites. Dean rolls his eyes so hard they might fall out of his skull. He turns to face Cas, red blooming in his cheeks and nose from the cold.
“You think it’s funny to make dudes kiss? Is this like…a weird homophobe thing?” Dean stammers, confused by Gabriel’s confusion. “You get your—your rocks off on it?”
The woman straightens with obvious alarm. Then Kali appears and grabs her arms from behind, a rope of red light wrapping around her entire body.
“No. And he’s not getting better. It’s been,” Dean narrows his eyes and takes a sip from his coffee, “a lot.”
“Be my guest,” Gabriel holds his hands out. “But if she’s not gonna spill to Kali, I doubt some arrogant humans could get it out of her.”
“I believe if you help me find her, I can prevent the thirty more nests that have yet to hatch. She is…look it’s a long story, do you really care?”
He’s at Cas’s door with too much momentum, sliding on his feet, at the same moment the door opens and Cas goes to take a step out, stopping short when he realizes Dean’s right there.
There’s a short rustling but then silence. Dean huffs, then bellows, “I’m sick of this emo crap, Cas, open the damn door!”
A flutter of air and Gabriel’s already reaching for the fridge door, robe flowing behind him. “See, now’s that so hard? No need for summoning and holy fire or empty threats.” He grabs creamer and pops the lid, pours it generously into the steaming mug of coffee he’s holding. Then he reflects on it a moment, lifts the bottle in the air, and pours it right in his mouth. Dean grimaces.
"Day before yesterday and it was." Dean pursed his lips. Day before yesterday, he was at Cas'. No cell phone, no TV, and no newspapers.
"Cas. Hey, Cas," Dean said loudly, snapping his fingers. Castiel blinked out of his thoughts. "Where'd you drift off to, babe?"
It must have been some sort of magick, but the cabin didn't seem all that small with the six extra bodies. Dean kind of understood what a groom goes through. Cas was surrounded by his aunts; and the talk centered around robes, something called handfasting, and a bunch of other wedding crap. Dean felt left out, but it wasn't like he wanted to talk about the fabric of their robes.
Dean and Sam raced inside and went straight to the desk. Dean wasn't sure how the angel popped in with a comatose man without creating mass chaos. The place seemed quiet, so Gabriel couldn't have caused too big of a commotion.
He smoothed his palms down from his ribs to the top of the towel, scowling when he felt the firm muscles over his ribcage give way to the soft flesh. Was this what those girls at the bar had meant when they’d told him he had a “Dad Bod”?
He turned and moved over the snow to the south. "Gracious Goddess, guide my actions. Let them always help and never harm others or myself."
It was late afternoon by the time they got to Lafitte. They went into the store, and Dean froze next to him. Castiel looked around to see what had Dean tense at his side. Fawn and Silvermist. The faires from the western forest were flitting about near the jars of candy. They paused their high-pitched chattering when they noticed Dean. Silvermist narrowed his eyes and sought out Castiel's gaze.
Castiel huffed. "You don't have anything I haven't seen before." For an instant they played tug-of-war with the quilt, but Castiel won. Dean used his hands to cover his junk. Castiel rolled his eyes but turned around. Dean found his boxers folded up with his jeans and struggled to get them on. He was winded by the time he was dressed in his jeans and that started another bout of coughing.
Dean looked angry. "You don't love me, Cas. You can't. This is just your Goddess' influence, that's all. She's filled our heads with this mumbo jumbo about fate...true mates...it's all a bunch of crap."
"What's on the menu?" Dean asked, sitting up and putting his back to the headboard. He felt lightheaded just moving that much. His eyes flicked over his clothes, still laying on the chair next to the fire. They'd be dry now. Thinking of his clothes made him think of his phone. He groaned. His phone would be toast. He tried to remember the last time he'd checked in with his father. When would his dad begin to worry about him? Okay, worry wasn't the right word. It was more like, when would his father check in to make sure Dean hadn't fucked anything up. Carefully, he picked up the pouch and untied the string. He dumped out the stones into his palm. He recognized Amethyst but didn't know enough about geology to name the others. They felt warm in his hands. "Can't hurt," he mumbled to himself and tucked the stones back into the bag and placed it under his pillow.
Dean resumed his pacing in the confining space. Of course Castiel had shown up at the worst time, right in the middle of a meltdown. The last person he wanted to make privy to his inner turmoil was now reminding him he was getting older.
Castiel plodded along steadily. He had questions. He dreaded the answers. His grandmother couldn't have meant Dean. Dean was...Dean. A hunter. They were polar opposites. When he got to the small clearing, he realized he'd forgotten his tools. Drawing on his power, he gathered some winter berries, a few pine boughs, and some stones that were buried under the snow. He placed them down and used his feet to mark a circle.
The rental entered the city limits and slowed for traffic. The highway patrol vehicle pulled away at the entrance of the hospital. He hit his siren once before leaving them. Benny dropped them off at the entrance to the Emergency Room and left to park the car. Bobby stayed with Benny, telling them the hospital staff wouldn't let him see John anyway. It was true, Dean supposed.
As quickly as he could, Castiel gathered the herbs he needed: licorice root, coltsfoot, sage, eucalyptus. And tossing them into a pot of water, he hung it over the fire. With sure hands, he stoked the fire, adding a few more logs until it was roaring.
"The smart thing to do would be to drive to Casper tonight; get a new battery, come back here, and then get on the road," Gordon said, a sneer resting on his lips.
"My place?" Dean asked, copping an attitude. Who the fuck did she think she was? Lightning cracked above him. Okay, so she was a powerful being, and Dean knew he needed to check himself at the door. The belligerent chin lift came down a half inch.
A look that could only be construed as pity filled Dean's eyes. "Cas...I'm a fucked up human. You're...you. You have your shit together. I can't even fuckin' find mine."
"Thanks, but you don't have to...pretty sure I can find my way." Dean shoveled another huge bite into his mouth. He was wearing a milk mustache, and any other time, Castiel would have smiled.
"Yes, Dean. They live in the forest near the west of town." Benny was watching their exchange with a bemused look on his face.
"Yeah, thanks, Dad. I'm okay. Almost froze to death, saved by a gorgeous witch...nice of you to ask, Dad."
"Good...still not going to be naked though. And...shit...when is this supposed to happen. I gotta call Sam. He's gotta be my best man."
At Cas' first warm touch at his hole, Dean tensed again. Cas stopped and waited for Dean to relax again. Cas must have the patience of Job because it took forever for Dean to loosen up enough for even one of his fingers. But damn, once Cas began moving it in and out, Dean got on board quick. He never realized something so taboo could feel so damn good. His body was lax and it felt like he was floating. When Cas finally got deep enough to brush against his prostate, Dean arched up as pleasure coursed through him. He whimpered and begged and writhed until Cas was fucking him with his fingers...two and then three. He begged for more and growled deep in his chest when Cas removed them instead. "Shhhh," Cas hushed him softly.
"I can't make that promise, Cas. Something has killed, at least, five people. I've got to find out what it is and kill it." Like he'd ever be able to forget Cas. He'd be dead if it wasn't for this witch...this gorgeous, gentle witch.
As their breathing returned to normal, they lay in each other's arms. Dean let his fingers trail up and down Cas' thigh lazily. "You okay?" He knew they were gross and needed to wash off, but he didn't want to leave the warmth of Cas' embrace.
"How?" Castiel couldn't put words together. A gun like this, in the wrong hands...the idea terrified him.
Dean could not have been more shocked when Cas told him he'd asked his...fairy godmother or whatever she is...if he was Cas' true mate. He knew he looked like an idiot standing there, and the only word he could manage at the time was 'oh'. Oh, really? Way to look and sound halfway intelligent. The whole hike back to the cabin, Dean mulled over what Cas said. Dean couldn't even ask if Cas got his answer.
The archangel appeared at his side with a stack of blankets. Castiel bundled one and put it under John's head and spread the others over him. John was still alert enough to know what was going on, and Castiel saw hatred in his eyes. The right side of the hunter's face was becoming slack and drool appeared at the corner of his mouth. Castiel wiped it away with the hem of the blanket. "What's happening, Castiel?" Sam asked, on his knees next to Dean.
Dean chuckled. He'd never thought of his future husband smoking weed before, but he was into nature and hippy dippy shit.
If it weren't for Chara, he would have hurried past Dean. "You fool. You stupid fool." Dean was against a tree, wrapped in Castiel's coat and scarf, his old moccasins on his feet.
Benny simply shrugged. "It didn't hit the town, Castiel, just your area of the woods. Your cabin, the gypsy camp, and Missouri's cottage were the only places..."
The hunter smiled nervously, but took her hand. "Nice to meet you." Castiel released the breath he hadn't realized he was holding.
"He is really adorable, isn't he," another of the women said to the group. Cas was trying not to grin.
"We'll stick with the plan, Dean. Let's hook up the car." John finally seemed to notice Bobby's tires. "What the hell?"
Benny leaned against his truck, so he could talk to Dean inside his car. "The closest auto parts store is in Casper. I can order it and it'll be here in a couple of days, or I can drive you there."
"You are impossibly stubborn and take stupid risks..." The headlights of Benny's truck shattered, and his friend groaned. "...I will not let you face this alone." Bobby's front tire blew, and a hiss of air made Dean stare wildly at the damage. "If you are truly my mate, then we will be side-by-side." Another tire ruptured with a loud pop. "Do I make myself clear?"
Chanting quietly, Castiel closed the circle, extinguishing the candles and releasing wandering spirits. As the final candle was snuffed out, Castiel once again, raised his arms. "Goddess, I have released, sown, and reaped. Now it is time to rest. Bring peace to my spirit and to all those souls here gathered...and to this place until we meet again. So mote it be."
"I have your supplies in the truck." Castiel put on his coat and followed Benny outside. Benny paused and looked down at Dean's guns. "He must be really out of it if you have his guns." The big Cajun nudged the pistols with the toe of his boot.
"Seven sisters born of magick, only six remain to share my bonding. As the waxing moon lightens the earth, his and mine will become one. I call to you...Circe, Lilura, Mab, Maeva, Nimue, Zoraida...come to stand by my side. As I call, so mote it be."
"Got it. Consider it done. That's a pretty cheap wedding gift...wait, that does count as a wedding present, doesn't it?"
Just outside the door of the cabin, Castiel stripped the man’s coat and pack off before lifting him into his arms. The pack was heavy and Castiel kicked it over the threshold. Once inside, he pulled off the man’s shirt, seeing the gun tucked in the waistband of his jeans. A pistol. Not the gun of a game hunter. Castiel left the offending weapon on the stoop. It would not be entering his home.
He saw his visitors' eyes travel to the rumpled bed where the dishes from their breakfast still lay. "Well, uhm, Dean, I need to get on the road. I've got a flight at noon," Sam informed them.
They were at the crossroads when Dean remembered his curse...or whatever it was. "The Goddess won't let me go." He looked at Benny, panic setting in.
"I can give it a try," he mumbled almost to himself. Bobby pulled him close and held him. When was the last time his father hugged him? It saddened him that he couldn't remember. He was a disappointment to John Winchester, but Bobby never made him feel that way. Maybe it was time to be the son Bobby could be proud of. Wiping the moisture from his eyes, he pulled back. "Come on, old man, I have a pissed off witch to settle things with."
As he lay in bed that night, he wondered where Dean was. He would have to perform the ritual soon, but as long as Dean carried the amulet, he'd be able to find the town easily. He couldn't tell Benny that though. While he couldn't make the town invisible, the spell he cast kept those intending harm away.
"I know since meeting me, things haven't gone well for you." Cas' tone sounded so despondent Dean forgot his issues with his lack of a six pack and turned. He had to take a step back because Cas was right there...like right there.
"We are bound, Dean. No barriers." Dean shook his head in denial. "Dean, listen, I know we are safe."
"It is meant to be." Castiel just shook his head. These feelings...so new, yet so deep...were doomed from the start. Dean was a hunter. He lived so Castiel, and those like him, would die by his hand. There was only one thing left to do. Save his friends...save the town that had made him one of their own.
Dean pinched the offensive flesh repeatedly, looking at himself in utter disgust. When had he allowed this to happen? He was suddenly glad John Winchester was not around to criticize him for this.
Dean was frowning at his reflection, turning left and right to assess the situation. Maybe Sammy was right, hewas getting older and needed to stop eating so many burgers and so much pie. But he was a hunter, damnit!
"He's going to want to know why your vacationing here in Bumfuck, Egypt instead of sunny Florida?" Gabriel offered. "What are you going to tell him?"
"You went against me..." He looked down at Gordon's still form, lying in a puddle of his own blood. "...against one of our own. You were always a..." John's face suddenly went slack. A look of confusion filled his eyes. His hand, still clutching the Colt, loosened and the weapon fell to the floor with a resounding thunk.
He watched the machine fill with water and once it began to agitate, he closed the lid and joined Benny in the store. His friend seemed lethargic. "When did you feed last?"
"Yeah, thought I'd get an early start." Dean felt the tension in the air. Even the cat was staring back and forth between them.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets. He was fuckin' cold, but he knew better than to complain about that right now. "Go ahead."
Time passed. Castiel finished putting the salve into jars and got up to stretch. When he looked towards the bed, Dean was asleep, mouth parted slightly, drool drying on one side of his mouth, Castiel's grimoire open on his lap. Since it was close to dinnertime, Castiel set about making a meal. He took the dried beans he'd had soaking all morning and added a few chunks of ham. Once it was simmering on the stove, he gently shook Dean.
"Benny told me what was going on this morning, so I didn't see the need. Was Arif his normal opinionated self?"
"What the hell, Cas? Your aunts fly in on broomsticks or whatever and hijack our freakin' wedding. They're telling us what to wear, what to drink...next they'll be telling us how to fuck. And while we're on the subject of your aunts, what is going on with them all looking like they're twenty-something? Are you going to stay looking like you do now, while I just get old, gray, and wrinkled? You could have warned me before they showed up..." Dean stopped because Cas was just standing there taking everything that Dean was dishing out. Those wonderfully clear blue eyes were tinged with sadness. Fuck. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Damn it, Cas...I'm sorry."
"Dean, I said to get the fuck out of the way," John was inching to his right, and Gordon was moving slowly to his left. They were trying to flank them.
"What was your grandmother's vision?" Dean purposely left off the part about the true mate. He expected Cas to look at him, but he kept working.
He knelt in the center of the circle. "Mighty spirit, that rages through all of us, keeping us strong and healthy, in the name of this day, I call to thee. Sweet Goddess, I call upon your name to bring me answers." Dean watched Cas bend his head as if in prayer.
"Peace," was Castiel's short reply. Dean knew there was a story there, but for now his need to pee was more important. He saw the log structure in the shadow of a stand of trees. It did not look inviting.
Dean was feeling so relaxed now, "Wild? She seemed pretty tame around you." His body was finally warm. He needed to get dressed and get out of here, but he was still feeling as weak as a kitten.
"Yet," Benny said, his eyes sweeping over the clearing. Castiel didn't bother answering. There is nothing to say. He was shocked when Benny turned to him. "You're my friend, Castiel...a good friend. I want you to be happy."
"Benny," Castiel chastised his friend before turning to Dean, who was trying to stand. "Dean, lay down. Benny won't harm you."
Word got to John and Dean that several campers and hunters had disappeared in this area. The locals blamed the disappearances on wild animal attacks or accidents. This town…Dean barked out laughter at that…was about eighty miles north of Medicine Bow, Wyoming. "Town" was an understatement. It was more of a crossroads. Dean had passed a shop - one that reminded him of the general stores in the old Westerns his father liked to watch - a bar, a feed store, and a few houses. He’d driven through miles and miles of cattle ranches, but this area was mostly woodland. The small town looked like something on a Christmas card.
When Dean woke, he felt disoriented. Where was he? It took him a few seconds of blinking to fully wake. Carefully, he sat up, the memories of the morning flooding back. He smelled something wonderful, and his stomach gave an angry growl. He narrowed his eyes. Where was the witch?
Castiel needed to show Dean he was loved for who he was, and the only way he could think of to do that was to not take what was being offered. But instead, he had to give Dean confidence in his body and his self-worth. Sitting between Dean's thighs, being able to touch him anywhere he wanted was something Castiel dreamed about. He worshiped Dean's body, showing Dean he was perfect just the way he was.
Dean began to laugh. Cas joined him. They were still laughing when they entered the cabin. Cas filled the tub while Dean fed and watered Pierce. They bathed each other and after a mutual handjob, the two dressed and headed to town.
The afternoon wore on with more talk of the ceremony, and Castiel tried to stay interested. But Dean was getting antsy. He would pace until one or more of the aunts would block his path. Castiel finally stood up. "Perhaps, we can go have dinner."
Cas bowed his head and dropped his hands. Dean quickly and carefully stepped down. He went to the large crock that Cas kept in the kitchen area and dipped the ladle down into it. He poured it into the heavy mug he'd used last night. The water was cool and refreshing.
"You have any eggs?" Dean was acting like it was a normal experience to wake up next to him...naked.
Dean stared at the man. Something was right on the edge of his mind...clicks...the sheriff had used the term clicks. "You were military."
Kate, the beautiful young werewolf, was talking to Sam and by his body language, Sam was attracted. A slow song was playing on the jukebox and Sam led her to the small dance floor. Gabriel caught his eye and grinned. Dean looked at him quizzically. The angel went to the jukebox and leaned against it. Suddenly, Warren Zevon's Werewolf of London filled the speakers. Gabriel laughed like an idiot and Dean couldn't help it. Kate was giggling as Sam stared around him in horror.
"Kate, come inside," Benny said quietly and with one backwards glance at Dean, she went inside the store. The door shut behind her.
"You are beautiful, Dean," Castiel said softly and then looked down into the box. "I'm sorry, that was inappropriate."
They'd reached the edge of town and the aunts headed straight for Gabriel's bar. As they filed in, Gabriel grinned. "Ladies...you are looking as beautiful as ever."
Cas was blinking at him owlishly. "First of all, it's waxing moon. And my great aunts have probably already started making preparations. You will have to call Sam and Bobby. They are your family, perhaps they can work something out."
"Can I...borrow it for a few minutes?" The few minutes turned into an hour. He Googled one thing and that thing led to another thing and who knew you could do that with that...thing.
Brighid whipped her head around and glared at Cas. "If this one is to be yours, he needs to learn his place."
"We have our whole lives, Dean." The quick nod from Dean told Castiel he understood the gravity of the words. Castiel just made a commitment. The most important commitment he'd ever made.
When they arrived, the two brothers were instructed to meet with a social worker about John's future care. Dean listened as the middle-aged woman discussed options for their father. Sam told her the name of the facility near Bobby, and she informed them she would make sure John's records would be forwarded as soon as the doctor signed off on them.
"No...no, sir." Dean's voice lost it's masculine baritone, and now it sounded like a much younger man's. Castiel needed to draw some energy from the earth to balance himself, but he couldn't leave Dean. Not now.
"Quit your bitching. Why don't you make yourself useful and tell me what the hell is going on?" Dean stood and paced, then tried to read more, then paced again. He grabbed his cell phone and checked the time. Of course, he didn't know what time Cas had left. He didn't even have a signal to call Benny. He stared out the window and saw tracks in the snow leading towards the forest.
The crunch of snow beneath their shoes was the only sound. Dean saw the wolf following in the treeline. "Your friend is following us."
Benny's satellite phone rang, and he took it off his hip. Everyone listened as Benny confirmed that Sam just passed the crossroads. Dean got up to pace, and Castiel kept time to the music on the jukebox by tapping his fingers on the bar. You could feel the tension in the room. When the door opened, all eyes turned.
It wasn't Dean's fault, he didn't know living in a cabin, with only a bathtub to bathe in Etiquette 101. Now, he could teach Cas a lot about living in cheap motel rooms. He had a lifetime of experience there.
"That's freakin' disgusting." Pierce, not caring that her gift was unsavory to its recipient, sat down and began licking her paws. Dean looked at Castiel for help.
"Kate, how is the new tincture working?" Kate, a reluctant werewolf, found her way to Lafitte three years ago. She hated what she was and never fully embraced it. Castiel helped her to control the cravings. On the full moon, Chara ran with her, helping her pull down the elk, deer, and antelope that filled the countryside. She lived above the bar in a tiny apartment.
Ten minutes later, Dean regretted asking Cas to show him how to cook on the big wood-burning stove. Cas was standing right next to him, his hip and arm kept brushing against Dean, and it was distracting. Cas was so distracting the first pancake resembled the African continent. Cas seemed amused.
Selfishly, Castiel wanted him to stay and wait for the part to be delivered. He was disappointed when Dean accepted the ride from his friend. Benny turned to Castiel, "Can you watch the store for a couple of hours?"
"Yeah." Dean shrugged and walked back to the cabin to get his hat and gloves. Castiel got his outerwear, and they both got on the snowmobile. Castiel knew things would never be the same for him after today. One way or another, he would lose Dean.
"Apple Pie, cheesecake, and lemon poundcake." Dean pursed his lips, thinking hard. He loved pie, but cheesecake was awesome too.
"What do you have?" There was always room for dessert. Dean folded the map and tucked it into his jacket pocket.
Bobby shook him. He actually shook him like he was a disruptive child. "You idjit. You've been given a chance, boy. And damned if you are too stupid to realize it."
The vampire stomped the brakes, and the vehicle slowed to a stop on the side of the road. They looked at each other, both exhaling gratefully. Benny opened his door and got out. Dean followed and they stood next to the truck staring down at the shredded front tire. Benny squinted and looked back at the road. Dean followed his gaze, but didn't see anything that would cause the damage. "Got a spare?"
"Can we just forget about this and start over? I'll play nicer with your aunts, and you'll tell me stuff I really need to know, okay?"
Dean cleared his throat. "Yeah, uhm, my dad drives a black, GMC pickup with Kansas plates. He's about six-two, dark hair, beard. Gordon is black, shady looking, has a 'stache and a goatee."
"Dean, please pay attention," Nimue said shortly. "After all, you will be joined to my great-nephew in three days time. It is a serious undertaking."
Dean felt like he'd been rode hard and put up wet. His lungs ached, and it was a chore to breathe. He opened his eyes and looked around. Castiel's cabin. "Castiel...Cas."
After they'd collected themselves, Benny got his satellite phone out and called Gabriel. Benny opened the tailgate, and both men sat down to wait. Gabriel appeared seconds later. "A flat tire? Seriously? I was scripting out my newest film and was right in the middle of the money shot scene when you called. Talk about coitus interruptus."
"Yep. Now, you have your answers.  Everything's been reported, so your kind shouldn't be seen around these parts again."
"Your...affection...for this human...this hunter...has put the whole town at risk, Castiel," Benny said, disappointment visible in his eyes. There were a few drops of Castiel's blood on the vampire's mouth. He knew his throat was probably covered in it. What an attractive picture he must make to Dean?
Castiel moved his hands away and tentatively, Dean pushed the foreskin back and forth. "Does it feel good when you do this?"
"Wouldn't a phone work just as good?" Dean's voice came from behind him, and he smiled when he saw Dean peering over the edge of the loft.
"Later," Cas whispered. Louder, he said, "Aunts, please come inside." Dean wondered where Cas was going to put everyone. Dean was going to need to make some additions to the cabin. A real bathroom for one thing...and a garage for his baby.
He was saved from further embarrassment by the sound of Benny's truck. After closing the lid on the box, he hefted it into his arms. "Who is that?" Dean asked suspiciously.
When he pulled Cas into his arms, it felt like coming home. He needed Cas. He needed him with every fiber of his being. Dean held him close, both offering and taking comfort. The kiss was meant to let Cas know he cared. But after a few soft presses, his cock wanted it to be known that it cared too. Dean backed up, but Cas followed, unwilling to let Dean go. Dean put his hands on Cas' chest. "Cas..." He whispered, "...Cas, we gotta stop or..." Cas' mouth felt like heaven. Dean willingly opened his mouth when he felt the brush of Cas' tongue. Damn, the man tasted like honey and cinnamon. Before Dean could question how that could be, Cas' lips eased away. Dean opened his eyes.
"You aren't fat, Dean, but even if you were, I would still love you." Castiel hadn't meant for those words to come out. Dean knew he cared...and might even be warming to the fact that they are destined to be together, but he wasn't sure his hunter was ready to hear a declaration of love. Castiel held his breath.
"Castiel, you and Dean are true mates." Her voice had lost any trace of the teasing he usually associated with his friend. He looked up, eyes questioning.
"Dean, Benny drinks from cattle, but it isn't enough. He needs human blood to survive and we...I...give it freely." Castiel watched the different emotions cross Dean's face. Anger, pain, disappointment. Why was Dean here? "Dean, why are you here?"
He must have fallen asleep sometime in the wee hours of the morning; because when he woke, the sun was streaming into the windows. He scanned the room. Cas wasn't there. The cat was weaving around the rungs of the ladder. Dean crawled out of bed and padded across the rough, wooden floor. Surprisingly enough, the old thing didn't creak as Dean put his weight on it. At an inch over six feet, it only took Dean three steps until he could see over the edge. Cas sat cross-legged in the middle of the floor.
Dean held out his hand. Cas placed a small leather pouch in Dean's palm, and he closed Dean's fingers around it. "What is it?"
Once the water was hot enough, Castiel poured it into the mug and stirred. He handed it to Dean, who looked at it distastefully before taking a sip. Surprised he said, "Hey, this ain't bad. A lot better than that shit you gave me when I was sick."
Dean looked down at his bedding on the floor. Sleeping by the fire wasn't that bad. Cas had given him a fuckton of quilts, and he'd slept on worse; but Cas' bed was comfy. He glanced up and met Cas' eyes. "There's plenty of room..." Cas let the sentence trail off and he looked away.
Reeling from the strange melding with the wolf, Castiel blinked, finding himself back on the street in front of the store. Slowly and with a deep reverence for his Goddess, Castiel closed the circle. He gathered the candles and was stepping onto the sidewalk with Gabriel appeared.
Mab continued south, Dean, Cas and their two best men following behind. She stopped, and Dean saw a single red candle. Mab raised her hands skyward. "For creativity, harmony, sensuality, and vitality. This I ask of you. So mote it be."
At home again, he put his gathered things away and ate an early supper of cheese, sliced ham, and bread. The bed seemed to mock him. Pierce jumped on it and sat flicking her tail. "I'm not afraid," he told her softly. The cat blinked disbelievingly at him.
Before he could answer, Gordon leaned back into his chair and gave Dean an evil smile. "Your boyfriend is worried about you, Mr. Expert. You sick or something?"
Dean rolled over on his back with a frustrated sigh. "Sorry, I just thought we might be on the same page...for once." He knew his tone was nasty, but he couldn't help it. He needed to blow off some steam. His dad had a fuckin' stroke after he rolled into town with that bastard, Gordon – acting like they were best buddies...and his father...his fucking father...treating Gordon better than he treated his own son. But Gordon wasn't queer for a witch. No...Gordon was a perfect hunter. A tear escaped and ran down the side of his face, and he swiped at it angrily.
Warned him...the bastard didn't even correct him when he was going on and on about little old ladies seeing him naked. Dean lifted his chin, he could do this. Setting his shoulders back, he strutted towards the group. As he neared, one of them smiled and touched Cas' arm. "Don't blame Castiel...he forgets that people have assumptions about witches."
"Most loved Lady, the light of the candle is a guide along my path leading to you; its warmth the reassurance of your presence and your love. The light of the Sun is the knowledge you impart to me, driving out ignorance and those things which can survive only in darkness."
"Will the two who promised to stand by this couple please come forward." Benny stepped behind Cas and Dean frowned...who was going to...Sam. Dean's eyes burned with unshed tears. Sam smiled and stood behind him.
After checking on the stew, he stripped off his clothing and donned his robe. The moon was full tonight, and it was time. Taking his basket in one hand and his staff in the other, he opened the door, and stepped out into the frigid night. The snow had stopped and the moonlight turned the landscape blue. In the small clearing behind the cabin, he sat the basket down and began setting up his altar. The cloth looked dark against the snow. He placed incense at the east, a red candle at the south, a chalice of water at the west, and a bowl of salt at the north. He took his ceremonial candles and placed them at the cardinal points. He let his robe drop and he stood skyclad, holding onto a single burning taper. At the eastern point, he lit the candle. As he moved in a circle, he lit each candle in turn. When the circle was complete, he returned to his altar. Pierce and Chara were seated side by side under a tree watching him as they always did.
Was he really getting old? Dean leaned forward to look at his face. Sure he saw himself in the mirror every day, in a different motel room in a different town. But he never really looked.
"Dean, my power is not used for anything malicious. As I've told you before, I help heal the sick and do my best to keep my friends safe. I consider you a friend." A friend Castiel found himself dreaming of, but Dean could never know about that.
"Remember...not a Christian ceremony, Dean. You will not need a best man. Sam could stand up for you though. The waxing crescent will be in..." Cas thought for a moment. "...four days."
"The tea might taste...like shit...but your body had a shock. Exposure to extreme cold causes electrolyte loss, muscle cramping, and other maladies. A few more minutes and you would have been dead. Drink it, Dean."
"Yeah, sure...probably a good idea." Dean stood, water sluicing off his body, and Castiel's eyes locked on Dean's semi-erect cock. Quickly, Castiel pulled the plug to drain the tub and stood, as well. They both dried off, and Dean knelt to poke at the fire. The image stole Castiel's breath away. Naked, glowing in the firelight...he was Adonis...a beautiful god. Dean looked up at him and smiled. Castiel's breath caught and he stepped forward.
"Negativity that invades my sacred place, I banish you away with the light of my grace. You have no hold or power here. For I stand and face you with no fear."
"Listen to what, Dean? Your goodbye. See ya around. Been nice knowing you? What exactly did you mean when you said you loved me? Because love apparently means something different to you."
The man standing over him tilted his head sideways in confusion. “There are no wendigos in my forest, Mister…”
"Anyway...it wasn't a love spell and...this witch lives near this town. It's protected with magick and the whole town is full of supernatural beings – like a vampire and a werewolf...and a fuckin' archangel...and today, I met two fairies. Fairies, Sam. With wings and big dicks and everything." Okay, so the part about the big dick wasn't supposed to come out of his mouth...
She lowered her arms and walked to the east. Lifting her arms, she said, "For wisdom, communication, learning, and growth. This I ask of you. So mote it be." Dean looked down at the wisp of incense, a yellow candle, and a feather. The candle's wick caught fire.
With a soft groan, Dean held his hands out and Castiel took them, curling his fingers around Dean's. "I need you to concentrate on Sam. Picture his location in your mind. Picture him in your mind."
"Dean, will you share in Castiel’s laughter and look for the brightness and positive in him?" Dean's answer was correct this time. Mab wrapped the ribbon again.
"Hey...hey..." Dean noticed Silvermist's growing erection at the same time Castiel did. Dean tried to step back, but he ran into a shelf that held the freshly baked breads made by the Amazons. Castiel held his arm to steady him.
The cool air of the room hit his steam warmed skin causing it to pebble with goosebumps immediately. He walked over to the dresser where he’d set his duffle to grab his sleep pants and a clean t-shirt. Just as he was about to loosen the towel, his hands stilled.
Gordon snorted. "Boston, huh? How does a guy from Boston become an expert on skinwalkers?" The hunter spat out the word 'expert' like it was filthy.
"Aunt Circe, you scared him the last time you were here," Castiel said patiently. Circe's element was fire and despite her advanced years, sometimes she let her sexual excitement get the best of her. She'd wanted Benny. He'd never seen the vampire scared before, but Circe managed to make Benny lock himself in his basement. Because it is where he sleeps and is at his most vulnerable, Benny's basement is heavily warded against any and all creatures. Circe lost her temper and the scorch marks on the door were still there.
"For good health, a happy home, grounding, and fertility. This I ask of you. So mote it be," Mab projected loudly. The candle flared to life.
Seemingly satisfied with the water's temperature, the witch stood up. He tilted his head. "Is something wrong?"
Dean was suddenly very aware he was standing there in nothing but a towel. And what the fuck did Castiel just say?
Dean looked around Benny, hoping to see Cas...or anybody for that matter. "Sorry, nothing personal. I've lost Cas and his crazy ass aunts. Woke up to an empty house. You know where they are?"
Benny glanced over and gave him a brisk nod. Dean guessed they'd come to an understanding. "I hope you keep your word."
"Oh...I apologize." Cas' face reddened, and he backed away. The curtain closed again. Dean closed his eyes and clunked his head back against the tub. He blew out a ragged breath and then started washing himself. When he was done, he let the water out, dried off, and dressed in his pajama bottoms, but forgot a t-shirt. Sucking his gut in and holding it, Dean came from out behind the curtain to stand with his back to Cas.
"Pierce likes him only because he brings her tuna." Heavy footsteps crossed the wooden porch, There was one knock before Benny opened the door. Right away, Pierce rubbed around his ankles. He laughed, and picked her up. Castiel's eyes watched Dean. He was holding himself stiffly, fists clenched tight. Distrust radiated off of him.
John Winchester called his son back early the next afternoon as Dean was passing through Wichita. "Where are you?
"Yes, Dean...oh..." A grin broke out on his face, and he jogged forward to meet the women. Dean hung back, watching as the women hugged Cas and gathered around him. Finally, Cas turned and motioned for Dean. "Come and meet my aunts."
Seeing Cas when he walked in the door lifted the weight off of his shoulders. Cas was a part of his life now, whether or not, he deserved it. All he wanted at that minute was to feel Cas' arms around him, keeping him safe. It was a stupid thought, Dean was a hunter. He was the one who could protect Cas, not the other way around. Irrational as it seemed, Dean needed Cas.
"And Sam...this is Cas...Castiel." Sam's eyes lit with interest, and he held out his hand again. Castiel shook firmly while keeping eye contact.
Bobby was watching television when Dean banged on his door. The two men ate a delivered pizza, while Bobby showed Dean all the information he'd gathered. They both sharpened their machetes since beheading was the only way to kill a Arachne.
"And so the binding is made." Dean stared at the ribbon binding Cas' hand with his and at that exact moment in time, he realized he could never love anyone else, would never want anyone else. Standing in the middle of this clearing, surrounded by humans and supernatural beings, he felt at home.
He sat the incense down by the candle and raised his arms to the sky. He did not feel the cold. He felt the breeze on his skin, heard the trees whispering, and when he inhaled, he could smell flowers. He smiled softly before picking up the red candle. He took it to the southern candle and sat it down.
Closing his eyes, he let his hand slide up and down his cock, faster and faster. His left hand cupped his balls and rolled them in his palm. He should have let Debbie...Denise...whoever the fuck she was...oh...fuck... His heels dug into the mattress...so close... He could almost hear Cas' gravelly voice in his head. "You are beautiful, Dean."
"Castiel. How's it hanging?" Castiel frowned. Gabriel was a constant source of irritation, but he did have a good heart. He sat down next to Benny. Gabriel took a cold pint glass from the cooler and poured Castiel a Guinness from the tap. Benny filled Castiel in on his conversation with Dean.
"He may mean them, Sam, but it doesn't change the fact that Dean is a hunter. He would not be happy here."
Castiel covered Dean with his quilts and then ran outside. Chara paced the porch and watched him as he picked up three of the smooth stones in his garden. He brushed the snow off and took them inside. Placing them on the hearth of the fire to warm, he took towels out of the basket. While he waited, he looked at Dean's pale face on the pillow. Pierce's black fur made him look all the more pale.
"I've called this meeting tonight because we had a hunter appear a few days ago." The buzz turned into an angry drone. Castiel watched as faces hardened or turned fearful. "He was injured and Castiel helped him recover." All eyes turned to Castiel, and he kept his face bland. "He left. Castiel doesn't think he will be back, but I want all of you to keep your eyes and ears open. Castiel will perform another ritual soon to keep out those that wish us harm."
Castiel opened the door to his friend. She bustled in and took off her coat. "The winter is going to be bad this year," she said, hanging it on a hook.
"A vision, huh?" Dean asked, letting his boots drop to the floor with a thunk. He sat down and folded his hands on the table. He met Castiel's eyes and then turned them expectantly at Missouri.
Dean was sitting against the headboard, trying to stay out of the way, almost drifting off to sleep, when Mab sat down next to him. "Do you understand the responsibility you will have taking a witch as a mate?" Dean looked at Cas, who was across the room near the stove showing Circe something. Dean met the oldest aunt's eyes.
"Yes, you are," Dean purred. Dean's hands grasped his and held them over his head. Dean's mouth was everywhere, his throat, his nipples, nuzzling into his armpits. He felt the brush of Dean's cock on his thigh and rolled his hips upward.
"No." Dean was so screwed. He'd used the unisex pronoun hoping Sam wouldn't be too curious. He should have known better.
The gypsy encampment was merely a group of trailers and wagons. Ruby looked up from her spot by the fire. "Castiel. What brings you here?"
She looked disappointed and a little pissed off. She flounced off, and he left her a generous tip to make up for leading her on.
Even though he was pissed at Dean, he still held out his arm for Dean to take. Dean hated being weak, and it seemed like his muscles didn't want to cooperate with his brain. He allowed himself to be helped to the table. He looked down into the bowl and smiled. Beef stew...or maybe deer?
"Shhh," Cas whispered. "I'm here, Dean. I'm not going anywhere." Cas' fingertips were drawing small circles on Dean's chest. Dean wanted to believe Cas. He really did. "You are a good man, Dean...so good." The circles became bigger, and then Cas was touching his belly...his soft belly. Dean eyes flew open in a panic and quickly pushed Cas' hand away. Cas was looking at him quizzically. "What's..."
On a scale of one to ten, the sex wasn't the wildest, but it was the best. For the first time in a long time, Dean felt good about himself. Cas didn't care at all about his pudgy belly. That's why it was easy for Dean to get out of bed this morning and put on nothing but boxers. As he cooked, he felt Cas' eyes on him. The few times he looked over at the bed, Cas was wearing a smile that could only be described as affectionate.
"Interestingly enough, they have colleges in Boston," Sam said sarcastically, and Castiel felt a growing fondness for Dean's brother.
"Damn it, Cas," Dean muttered and dragged his coat off the hook. He pulled on his gloves, wrapped Cas' scarf around his neck and shoved the knitted cap down on his head. He didn't even have a flashlight. It was in the Impala with everything else he owned. Looking at the sky, he figured he had about twenty to thirty minutes of daylight left. The snow was still falling, but not as heavy as before. If he moved fast, he could catch up to Cas before it covered his tracks.
"Good. Head to Oklahoma City. I've got a lead on a buru buru at a old carnival. Call me when you get into town." That was it, John just hung up. Dean tossed the phone down on the seat next to him and glanced at the leather pouch. He touched it with his fingertip watching it swing from its leather cord.
Benny pushed through the door first, followed by Dean, Sam, and Bobby. Benny met Castiel's eye, and a thought was pushed through. John was alive, and Dean was fine.
"Silvermist, the hunter belongs to Castiel," Benny's voice came from somewhere to their left. Dean opened his mouth, but closed it again. Knowing him, Castiel guessed he almost rebuked Benny's words about Castiel's ownership, but thought better of it in the face of a sexually aroused fairy.
"How can I know that, Cas? How can I be sure you didn't put a spell on me? How can you prove that?" Castiel bowed his head.
Gabriel picked that moment to come out of the kitchen with their meals. He sat them down in front of each man. Castiel was grateful the outspoken archangel was keeping his mouth shut. The men were tensely silent as they ate. Castiel still felt like he was suffocating, but the steady presence of Dean's leg next to his kept him breathing evenly. Dean's hands were shaking, and Castiel wished he could help his...friend...mate.
"You're a witch...a powerful witch...couldn't you zap a uterus in to your belly?" Gabriel looked genuinely interested. Benny looked like he wanted to be anywhere in the world but here.
"Let's make this good," Dean said. He stood, as well, and headed outside. Sam, Bobby, and Cas followed. Gabriel hung back. He'd observe until he was needed.
"Don't worry about me." The door slammed shut. Dean flopped back on the bed, disturbing Pierce, who made her displeasure known by swatting at his arm. He hissed when one of her claws made contact with his skin.
"Castiel is not a creature. He's a man," Benny spat out. "You see him as a thing though, don't you? Just another thing to hunt down."
After last night, Dean thought shit would be awkward, but surprisingly, he woke up happy to see Cas. The man was sporting awesome bed head and damn, if he didn't look sexy as fuck. Dean didn't know how long he could stay with Cas, but for the short time he was here, he wanted to show Cas how he felt. Breakfast in bed was a good start. It was a cliched romantic gesture, but Dean was rusty in the romance department.
Sam ambles up the steps with Dean trailing close behind, followed by Eileen and Cas. Once on the landing, Sam and Dean stay ducked beneath the window, their guns already out of their waistbands. Inside, a woman huddles over a table with a large stone bowl. It looks like any other apartment, except for the papers, books, branches, bottles, crystals, and other bizarre detritus littered on the floor around the room. A wisp of smoke crawls out from the bowl as she drops in it something too small to see. Her nearly floor-length curly black hair bounces slightly around her when she lets out another frustrated shout.
“Nothing, man,” He takes a hearty swig, lets the whiskey coat his whole tongue before he swallows. “I just wanted to know if you’re alright, okay?”
“Jesus Christ, dude,” Dean waves his arms in the air, “I get it! I get it. You’re so…” Dean resists the urge to punch the bag again.
“Dean…you have to know.” Cas looks down at his hands dumbly. He pauses so long Dean’s not sure he’ll keep going, but then he sighs, says, “I…I literally fell. For you.” He struggles around each word, gritting his teeth. Dean stills his thumb as a wave of heat flushes under his palm. “I didn’t feel anything for millennia…and then I met you.”
Before the crowd of townsfolk behind them can even start murmuring in relief, Gabriel appears. He snatches the weapon from Dean, narrows his eyes with a scowl, then an alarming smirk, and disappears again. Sam and Cas exchange a worried look, but Dean just shrugs as if to say,
They stare at each other in the darkness: Dean folded in two with his hands perched on the seat back, Cas still pressed into the corner.
Dean wakes in his bed, more hungover than he’s been in years. He can’t piece together what happened last night, but doesn’t know to care. He only remembers talking briefly with Cas about international holidays. In the library, any evidence of string lights have been disappeared, but neither Dean nor Sam notice.
“We have to go to Colorado Springs,” Cas says decisively. He hurries out of the room with his coat swishing behind him.
When Dean returns the phone call, Sam explains that he and Eileen are gonna get a motel for the night instead of driving the three hours back. Dean is too distracted, even if he’s no longer stiff in his gym shorts, to question it. He just scolds Sam for just leaving a note instead of letting him know what was going on, and hangs up.
Dean lets out a breathy laugh. “You sure know how to show a girl a good time,” he jokes, as if that makes sense, and then shakes his head. Cas blinks a few times and offers his hand for leverage, which Dean takes, muttering thank you, and pulls himself up.
“Guess we’re done with the talking part,” Dean mutters as Cas shoves his hands under his soft t-shirt.
“We don’t know who we’re looking for!” Gabriel barks. “We know they’re powerful enough to bind an angel, and maybe brainwash a goddess of war, and that’s it!”
But he kind of understands what’s happening. Mostly, Cas has been a wavelength of celestial intent the size of a skyscraper crammed into a dorky man suit. But now it’s like he’s unglued. He’s a massive multi-dimensional entity stuffed into a vessel that can’t keep all the energy contained.
They travel a few more minutes in relative silence before Cas asks with solemnity, “Why would a fairy dance with a dwarf?”
blackout.” Frustration is bubbling now from Cas’s stubbornness. He just stares straight ahead, lips pursed in conviction. Dean folds his arms, leans in. “I didn’t say you had a beautiful mouth or something, did I?”
“Stupid,” Dean whispers in lieu of laughing. Cas has a faint smirk, but he keeps his eyes trained on the people milling about in the late evening. The quiet between them is comfortable for a few minutes.
They follow her into the club. Cas chooses a table and Dean orders two whiskeys. So they don’t stand out, not drinking in a club, of course. Cas eyes the glasses curiously but says nothing. They wait for something to happen. Cas keeps his eyes over Dean’s shoulder on the probable monster in the corner. “What were you saying?”
Sam is grossed out by Dean’s persistence while trying to work the case. But Dean mocks him and mutters about Eileen and dry spells.
She throws her head back in a cackle. Cas stalks forward, blade extended, but Dean reaches his arm out to hold him back.
“You said Gabriel brought a potion?” Cas cuts him off again, turning to walk away. Dean grabs his arm instinctively, spins him around to face him.
Cas pulls his hands away from his head and stares at Dean sternly, his eyes pulsing with neon light. “I
“For the record, I like pie, too,” Eileen signs, eyeing the two of them. She slips the keychain in her pocket. “But this is nice, Cas, thank you.”
“Yeah, yeah. Everyone’s fine. You lit up like a firecracker and then passed out. Sam and Eileen got another room.”
“I’m just—I’m just—I’m trying to…” Dean tries to imbue his look with as much meaning as he can. He gestures between the two of them. But Cas just shakes his head, waiting.
“Jesus frigging Christ,” Dean winces. Cas appears at his side again, a little blood spattered on his jacket. He squashes any resentment for Cas’s impatience when he sees the proud smirk on his face.
“That guy barely agreed to let us come through. We’ll take pictures,” Sam says. “Let’s just get the hell out of here.”
“What, Cas?” Dean asks pompously, maneuvering Cas’s legs so that he can straddle him instead, before leaning down on one arm to lick around Cas’s neck. Having made Cas come in a matter of minutes has him smug again, feeling as though he’s a master teaching a novice. That is until Cas grabs his ass with one hand, his back with the other, and flips him unceremoniously onto his back.
Cas chances a glance back at Dean. He’s at least got pants on now, but there are still droplets of water scattered around his torso, catching the light and highlighting his shape. He can tell Dean is amused by his uneasiness. He feels mainly taunted.
Dean can feel it like a heat lamp when Cas turns to look at him. He chances a glance. Cas is biting his lip and pursing at the same time, like he’s keeping a secret. Or about to pull a prank. Which would be concerning for Dean, if Cas’s eyes weren’t filled with such fondness that he can’t help but relax.
“I don’t do spells wrong,” he says, a little too assured for Dean’s taste. “It just has a bit of an…incubation period.”
“You get a little tight in the nethers when he fixes your boo boos? You craving his grace yet?” Gabriel’s grin falters as Dean still seems annoyingly, but characteristically, clueless. Then he makes the connection.
“I don’t know. We can try but whatever got me must be very powerful. I imagine we’ll have to kill whoever did it to reverse the effects. But we have nothing to go on,” Cas grumbles.
The witch crushes her fingers into Dean’s neck and tosses him across the room like a Frisbee. He groans and rolls for a moment, which is all Cas needs. He materializes right next to the hundred-year-old hag and slams his hand onto her forehead, forcing blue light into her skull and out through every hole in her ugly head. Her corpse drops to the floor.
“I’m not even sure this is a monster,” Dean shrugs honestly, “but if it is, we gotta do something before she kills Kevin.”
Still, to believe it is another thing. If he lets himself believe it, he might never recover. Especially if it’s not true—if Dean is just toying with him, if whatever is happening is just a thing that happens, the way one-night-stands with bartenders and waitresses happen and then never happen again.
When Cas refuses to concede that summoning a Hindu god (while Dean was on a grocery run) to get historical context for a novel that he and Sam were reading together like little geeks was maybe perhaps a bit careless, Dean points a finger at Cas and shouts, “You’re impossible!”
“Relax, bros. I brought you a gift!” he says, pulling a glass jar that is way bigger than his pocket out from his suit pants. It’s sloshing with a dark green juice that looks like pond scum and dirt. He shrugs, “It’s a reversal potion. Might help Cassie with his electrical issues.” He sets the jar on the table. “But that’s not why I’m here.”
Cas remembers, because of course he does. He’s not human, vulnerable to the memory loss, willful or not, that comes with excessive alcohol use. But he knows Dean will not address What He Said, the way he almost never addresses anything that happens until someone forces him to, or he drinks enough to let it spill out. Besides, it’s not like no one’s ever told Dean he’s attractive before. So what if this time it was his best friend of a decade while incredibly intoxicated? His best friend who is a nearly-immortal massive wavelength of light crammed into a male-gendered vessel…
“Yes, they have…some regrettable qualities in common,” Cas mutters, surveying the night-washed field. “But I have a hunch it’ll be good, actually. Symbiotic, maybe.”
Cas, unprepared but so enthusiastic about the experience, keeps sucking through the convulsions, spit and come rolling down his chin, until Dean is nearly entirely soft in his mouth.
Cas watches a bead of sweat roll down Deans temple. He swallows heavily and almost forget all of his irritation. Almost. Dean watches the shifts in Cas’s micro expressions, only momentarily thinking he sees it again, that face from his dream. He does not think about the weight of Cas’s fingers on his tongue, nor does he even consider what they might taste like. He definitely does not lick sweat from his own lips and wonder if Cas’s tastes the same.
Dean has no idea how to respond to that. Is that a metaphor for the two of them? Who’s the fairy in this situation?
Cas turns his head, squints at him. Dean’s faltering grin stabilizes, his eyes shine with moonlight. Cas’s mouth twitches. He turns away, shakes his head to hide the smile.
“So, what, you like to play Barbie and Ken with people? That’s what you do in your free time? Make the human dolls kiss?”
“I thought I made it?” Dean looks back up into Cas’s eyes again. It suddenly feels very, very important.
Feeling confident, he drops the towel to the floor with a soft ruffle, then steps his feet into his jeans and pulls them up, staring at the red blooming in the backs of Cas’s ears. “Hey, can we uh…can we talk about something?”
That’s all Dean needs to hear. He whips the Impala back into gear and on to the road, away from the stupid cursed suburb.
“Was that…” Cas asks, trailing off nervously. Dean opens his eyes and looks down his nose at Cas. He’s kneeling between Dean’s legs, naked and waiting, face open.
“Yep. Sounds like they’re dealing with some shifters,” he tries, stepping into the room. Dean’s eyes rove around and catch on a fuzzy blue thing on the desk. He steps closer to eye up the pipe cleaner sculpture. It’s familiar but he can’t place it—it doesn’t unlock anything.
“I didn’t engage in combat at all,” Cas says, biting down. “I may have expressed a heightened emotion due to my volatile state of grace through a physical exertion which happened to spatially coincide with the structural barrier of my room.”
But then, because this is Dean’s life, a knocking at the door. Dean and Cas freeze, both opening their eyes.
He pins him in a sort of perpendicular setup, Dean too stunned to scramble for a hold on Cas’s arms. He lets his head fall back to the floor and tries to catch his breath. “You,” is all he says, looking straight up at the ceiling.
Dean wants to laugh. But when he takes a step towards Cas, Cas takes another swing. He manages to dodge, and throws his own fist into Cas’s cinderblock chest. He has to shake his hand out for a second.
Dean is not aware that he’s grinning. He in fact feels mostly scared, like he’s suddenly realizing there’s been something sitting in his peripheral vision for years, and he’s just now seeing its outline. “Cas,” is all he says, before leaning in to kiss him again, this time slow and purposeful and tender.
?” Dean giggles incredulously. He tries to bury his laughter in his shoulder, turning away. He feels, unexpectedly, something in the back of his mind softly click.
“I…did some research,” Cas looks around for a second, hovering nervously over Dean with his hands on either side of his head. He doesn’t mean to mirror Dean’s laugh, but his mouth hitches up at either end anyway.
They get into a fight about something stupid, neither understanding why or what they’re really mad about. Dean’s drunk and a little belligerent, so he starts pushing Cas by the shoulders, who stands static and sharp.
“You got me,” Dean says nonchalantly before he can think to stop himself. He gives Cas a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes, and is a little taken aback by Cas’s scowl.
Cas slowly offers his hand and Dean takes it, levering himself up. He very purposefully makes sure he does not keep holding it.
It is late afternoon by the time he pads into the kitchen, opening cabinets in search of coffee. It is the one food item he knows both where it is stored and how to make it, and yet he keeps opening the wrong doors.
That night Dean dreams. He’s fighting with Cas in his room again, his back against the wall. Cas is shaking him, holding him by both shoulders. Deans arms are filled with sand. He tries to lift them, to punch Cas in the ribs. But he just grabs his waist and holds there for a second. Then Cas punches him square in the jaw, knocking his vision to a blur. It doesn’t hurt, but Dean touches a finger to his face and pulls back blood.
Sam doesn’t notice any of this, just passes out in his motel bed. Dean asks Cas something case related as he pulls his shirt over his head to change, but Cas just stares at him.
Then he suddenly remembers. The whore of Babylon. They had just come back from searching for God, or rather, from finding out God didn’t give a rat’s ass. About their mission or them at all. He remembers Cas’s face when he returned the necklace, and then Dean, out of hope entirely, dropped it in the trash. It was a lifetime ago, several. Then, Cas outside the motel, asking, “How do you stand it?” And Dean, understanding exactly the pit Cas was at the bottom of, offered, “Some days you get to kill a whore.”
Dean pulls each knob until the water runs warm enough over two of his fingers. He points to the flowing column and Cas obediently, if stubbornly, pushes his knuckles under. Red splashes around the bowl, swirling into pink. Muscles tick in his jaw as the water stings, pulling debris and little bits of broken flesh down into the drain.
Cas turns to Sam and Eileen and pulls out two keychains from his pocket. “I understand it is customary to bring gifts when one travels for leisure.”
Cas continues to pull his punches to his increasingly frantic partner. Then Dean clips his jaw. “Oh shit Cas sorry—” he starts as Cas gives him an instinctive open-palmed shove so forceful he takes two and a half steps back before hitting the wall. It knocks the breath out of him.
There’s silence for a minute. Then Sam says, “Oh, uh. Okay. Well. Eileen got a message about a possible ghost near Salina, so…when you’re dressed. We’ll show you the details.”
It occurs to him that the…thing in the kitchen can be explained by Gabriel’s sick prank, so at least there’s that.
It’s not until Cas lays a hand over the man’s head and just stands there doing nothing that Dean really starts to lose it.
“First of all,” Dean holds a finger in the air insolently, “they’re not easy to understand even if you
it first,” Eileen points out. “It seems localized to the neighborhood but other than that we don’t have much to go on.” She points to the map on the table between them.
Cas’s face clouds. He doesn’t understand this push and pull, why he keeps getting close, only to suddenly act like nothing happened at all. Maybe nothing is happening—maybe he’s misreading it. He thought it was all Gabriel. He remembers that night they fought in his room, when Dean leaned his lips in with a soft, strained expression. That was the spell. But then, in the kitchen. What was that? And what about Christmas? There was no grace involved at all.
“Uh…everything okay in here?” Sam asks. Dean takes a step back, dropping his hands. Cas lets out a breath.
Cas’s head falls back to the pillow and he closes his eyes. Dean studies the topography of his face, his wide cheek curving down to a hollow. The pointed line of his nose. The divot cleaving his chin. The shape and faint curve of his lips.
Dean goes completely still with his hand on the knob of his bedroom door. It’s been a long day. He’s had like four different big revelations. He’s exhausted but—he thinks of Thelma saying to Louise,
Cas looks out the windshield at the road stretching in front of them. Trees and telephone poles dot the fields rushing by either side. Orange bleeds into red in the sky. Robert Plant’s voice moans and wails through a static peppered with percussive beats before a guitar tears back in. Dean notices the warm glow reflecting from the sunset across Cas’s skin. He has the distinct thought:
Dean sputters, glaring, unable to come up with a single thing to say as Gabriel floods with laughter, his knees buckling as he has to hold himself up on a dryer.
It’s late by the time they’re driving back. Sam has conked out in the back seat, despite barely having expended himself. Black Sabbath is floating quietly enough from the stereo to not disturb him. Dean taps his leg in rhythm, just barely humming along with the guitar solos. He can feel Cas inspecting him from the passenger seat, headlights washing over both of them, but doesn’t say anything.
Cas disregards the tumbler and drinks straight from the bottle. It takes about three quarters of it before he relaxes enough to have a conversation.
“I don’t think so,” Gabriel says gravely. “She was…Let’s say she seems…repentant. Kali’s keeping an eye on her now. I think we can handle it from here.”
focus. He keeps trying to see how Cas is doing in the back seat but any time he actually looks up to make eye contact, Dean looks instinctively away. “He said he saw the owner in town the day of the cow carvings and she was acting strange.”
Instead of taking it, Dean changed the subject. "So, the town. There's a vamp and a werewolf...you're a witch...what else is living here?"
"Yeah, well, we're just damn lucky Sam isn't here. His farts would knock a buzzard off a shit wagon."
Gently Mab turned them towards the aunts, who were all looking at them with pride and happiness. "Castiel and Dean, on behalf of all those present, and by the strength of your own love, I pronounce you married." Mab tied an intricate bow in the ribbon.
"I...witch...son..." John's words were slurred and broken. Before Sam and Bobby could catch him, the man slumped to the ground. He held himself up on his knees for a second, and then he fell forward.
"No, Dean. You have to listen. It isn't what you think." Dean's mirthless laugh confused Castiel until he replayed his words. He groaned. He'd used a line said by cheating partners everywhere. Only he wasn't cheating, and Dean wasn't his partner. "Dean, why are you here?" Castiel repeated.
Dean dumped everything on one plate and picked out two forks. He poured hot water over tea bags and balanced the plate on top of the two mugs.
"I thought it was pretty obvious that I wanted you, Cas." And still did, if his aching cock was anything to go by.
Dean poked at the offending extra bit of pudge that ran from below his belly button over the crest of his hips. He loosened his towel and pushed it lower, convinced momentarily that he’d just tightened the towel too much and it was causing his flesh to spill over.
"Delaying this thing between us is probably for the best." And didn't Cas sound all authoritative all of a sudden? Dean would have chuckled at his own rhetorical question, but the situation they found themselves in wasn't in the least funny.
"Dean, we will go to town in the morning. Benny has a satellite phone in case you cannot get cell service." Dean nodded slowly and stood. He acted as if he didn't know what to do next. Castiel took a chance and took his wrist, leading him to his bed. "Sleep."
Cas put a hand on Dean's forearm, and Dean stopped talking. By Cas' expression, he was getting ready to tell Dean some fucked up shit. "Dean, the Goddess let me...hitch a ride with Chara."
Cas looked off into the distance, and Dean could tell he was upset. Dean moved his feet and Cas' eyes met his. "Whatever killed those people, it wasn't a supernatural being, Dean. I would have felt it. I would know if something like that was in the area."
“A wolf?” Dean really didn’t want to take his eyes off the animal, because…well…it was a wolf, but he was drawn back to the man’s intense blue eyes. Castiel? What kind of name was that?
Dean met his eyes and Castiel tried to convey that Dean would be fine if he'd keep calm. Castiel could only imagine what Dean was thinking. He'd stepped into a room filled with the very creatures he hunted. Arif muttered something, but sat down. Missouri walked up to Dean and held out her hand. "My name is Missouri Moseley. I live in the cottage near Castiel's cabin. Welcome to Lafitte."
"Holy...shit...Cas." Dean gasped out, holding onto Castiel's hips to keep from sinking to his knees. Castiel rested his forehead on Dean's shoulder, trying desperately to catch his breath. "Need to sit down, Babe," Dean said between forced intakes of air. Castiel wasn't sure who was leading who, but he was happy to reach the side of the bed. They collapsed together, side by side, hands still holding onto each other.
A scream ripped him from his peaceful slumber. He sat straight up in bed, heart pounding. Frantic, he looked around. Pierce was on the end of the bed, back arched, tail thrashing from side to side. Dean moaned, his head shaking from side to side. Another scream..."Sam...Sam...No." Castiel jumped up and raced to Dean's side. He knelt on the floor and touched Dean's face. It was wet with sweat.
"Son of a bitch," Dean muttered, but put the helmet on and got on behind Castiel. He stiffened at the feel of Dean's thighs against his own, the warmth of Dean's chest pressed to his back. Focus. He gave the bike some gas and they roared out onto the road. It wasn't ideal conditions to be riding a motorcycle, but it would get them to the cabin faster.
"Well, let's see. Chocolate, milk, whipping cream, sugar..." Dean waited patiently while she thought about the recipe. "...and nutmeg...a pinch of cinnamon. A touch of vanilla. I think that's all."
"So, you just run out to the supermarket like normal people?" Dean could see the tic in the man's jaw.
"If I let my grace meld with your power, we could wipe Dean's father's memories. Set him up somewhere with a wife and kids...a job..."
His hips were moving on their own accord now, rolling up to fuck into Cas' mouth. He couldn't stop if he tried. The feeling was indescribable. "Cas...Cas...oh, Babe..." He stared down at Cas and watched him pull off to lick his own fingers before he went down on Dean's cock again. The wet touch at his hole, made Dean sit bolt upright. He'd been with men before, but not like that.
“You’re welcome, Dean. I notice everything about you and your brother. I consider it my personal responsibility to pay attention to you, especially. I put your body together once, you remember,” Castiel replied.
"My husband, my mate, my friend...my lover." He kissed Dean softly. Dean moved his hands away from where they'd been clutching the front of his robe. Castiel slowly undid each clasp, eyes never leaving Dean's. When he was done, he pushed the robe off Dean's shoulders, leaving him gloriously nude.
"We are stuck...at least until the snow stops coming down. Benny will come out on his snowmobile once it clears up." Benny always checked on him after heavy snowfalls. He checked on everyone in the town, it was just his way.
Up in the loft, he knelt before his altar and spoke reverently to his Goddess, asking for guidance. Then he opened up the small box in the corner. Using a small velvet bag, he sorted through the box and added the stones he needed. Amethyst for courage. Moonstone for his Goddess. Agate, Amber, Garnet, and Jade for healing. Beryl for Energy. Calcite for protection. As if an afterthought, he added rose quartz.
"Sam, this is Benny Lafitte. Take 220 south for 23 miles. You will see the entrance to the Pathfinder National Wildlife Refuge. A quarter mile past that, take a left. The road is not marked. When you get to a crossroads, continue straight and that will bring you into Lafitte. We'll be waiting." Benny hung up the phone. Dean gave him a bitchface.
"Sam wants to put him in some old folks home, but that ain't happening," Dean said belligerently, daring anyone to question his authority. He was the oldest son, that gave him certain rights.
Cas chuckled as he leaned the axe against the shed's wall and began stacking the logs into his arms. Dean joined in, something making him want to outdo Cas. His load was higher, heavier, and he staggered when he took his first step. He couldn't lose face, so he stumbled along behind Cas, arms burning with the strain.
"Bobby told me a story of a town where supernatural creatures could live in peace. Lafitte is that town, isn't it?"
"Wedding robes? Please tell me I'm not going to have to wear white lace or some shit like that. I'm not going to be the bride in this whole thing, Cas." Dean crossed his arms like a petulant child. Cas looked at him with such amusement that Dean wanted to punch him.
John narrowed his eyes at Gordon. Dean really thought his father would defend him, but then John turned that hard gaze on Dean. "Get in the truck, Dean. Gordon, you stay here with Sam and Bobby." Dean noticed he didn't even acknowledge Cas.
The two hunters spent the next day asking questions and looking at the bodies of the two victims. Bobby compared the puncture wounds to a picture of an Arachne bite he had in his notes. It was the same.
Mab rested her hand on their bound ones. "Castiel and Dean, as your hands are bound together now, so your lives and spirits are joined in a union of love and trust. The bond of marriage is not formed by these cords, but rather by the vows you have made. For always you hold in your own hands the fate of this union. Above you are stars and below you is earth. Like stars your love should be a constant source of light, and like the earth, a firm foundation from which to grow."
Dean frowned and called out. "Whoa, Cas, you can't go out now. It's still snowing, and the sun is going down."
"I was hoping you would join me," Castiel murmured, still feeling shy around Dean. They'd been intimate and shared a growing love for each other, but sex was still new and unexplored. Dean wasn't as experienced with men and Castiel found it endearing. It was, also, intimidating. What if Dean found out he didn't like being in a monogamous relationship with a man. No more soft breasts or smooth faces...or slick folds to bury his cock into...no children.
They met Bobby in the waiting room and made their way to John's room. The television was on a game show, but John wasn't watching it. Bobby entered first. "Hey, old man, you doing okay?"
Minutes ticked by and Castiel felt his heartbeat slow. He turned his head so he could see Dean. The hunter was staring at the ceiling. "Dean...when you said you saw...that...where exactly?"
Castiel tried to calm his racing heart. Dean would be back to protect him. But from who? Another hunter?"
The negative energy at the table was causing Castiel to feel claustrophobic. He wanted to be outside. He was having a hard time keeping his breathing even. His leg was against Dean's, more for his own benefit than Dean's. When Dean asked for a whiskey, Castiel wasn't happy. Dean needed to stay focused. This wasn't going well.
"It may have been the kiss goodbye," Benny said, grinning at his friend. "In front of his brother and Bobby." Benny shrugged. "It was good to see."
Dean tries to manifest his annoyance into a laser beam that cuts right into Cas’s skull, but instead he just looks dumbfounded.
Dean takes a few strips of tape and secures the gauze, his fingertips brushing lightly against Cas’s, whose other hand falls back to his side as Dean starts rolling a beige elastic bandage around the base of his fingers.
He does his best to avoid injury, to the point that he’s all but useless. Usually he’s all for taking charge, especially when it comes to vampires. But Cas smites the shit out of a whole nest while Dean observes darkly from across the warehouse, gun raised but untrained. He is filled with adrenaline and some other restless thing.
“Ugh, I get why you two are together,” Dean mutters, rolling his eyes. “Look, Cas is better so who cares who that was! Another witch bites the dust.”
The psychic opened her door with a smile. "Castiel, I knew you were coming, so I made your favorite tea."
Dean finished first and began to clean up. Castiel let him. He was in no mood to argue over who was going to wash dishes. While Dean dried and stacked the plates and cups, Castiel straightened his bedding and stoked the fire. He went behind the curtain and dressed in his pajama pants. Dean was staring out the window at the darkness, and Castiel didn't disturb him. He crawled into his bed and picked up the used paperback Ruby lent him. The writing was truly horrible. He'd only made it to the end of the first chapter, and he was already wondering why Ruby wanted him to read it. He flipped to the cover...who knew there were fifty shades of grey? He spared a glance at Dean, the hunter was flat on his back, eyes closed, Castiel's grimoire laying next to him. Pierce was curled under one of Dean's arms. He should have given Dean some more of his special allergy tea...of course, they weren't really talking. A small sigh escaped Castiel's mouth, and he blew out the candle.
"I can't leave, Bobby. Some..." Dean got a pained expression on his face. Saying a goddess is not letting him leave sounds like a one way ticket to the loony bin. "...something isn't letting me go."
He put the Impala in gear and carefully drove towards the town of Lafitte. He parked in front of the general store.  Before he got out, he hung the amulet over the rearview mirror. Dean stood by the car and looked around.  He'd driven through on his way to the woods; but other than noting it was really small, he hadn't paid much attention. There were a few houses, only three businesses that he could see. Everything was old, almost like a ghost town.
Dean opened his eyes and frowned. His desire for her was gone. "Sorry, maybe next time I'm passing through. I have to put a few more miles behind me today."
"Anything, Dean. Anything you want...it's yours." Dean gave a brief nod and then looked down. Castiel followed his eyes. Using his thumb and forefinger, Dean began moving Castiel's foreskin up and down. Castiel moaned as the sensation made his hands tremble. To keep them steady, he moved them over Dean's chest, rubbing over the tight buds of his nipples.
"Ten years ago...before I came here and started all this..." Benny waved his hand around the store. "...I met a hunter. He had me bound with silver chain and was going to take my head, but I told him...I told him that I'd never killed a human. He...he believed me and let me go. I helped him find the nest of the real killers." Benny opened his antiquated cash register and lifted the tray. He pulled out a old business card and passed it to Dean. Dean took it and a soft smile creased his lips. Castiel looked over his shoulder. A tiny clipart tow truck was in one corner of the yellowed card and the words 'Singer Salvage' in large black letters were centered. In smaller print, an address and phone number. Dean flipped it over and in blue ink were two other phone numbers.
"Get the bowls down and the spoons out of the drawer there," Cas said, pointing. Dean set the stuff on the table and came up to stand behind Cas. He was stirring a pot of beans. It smelled delicious.
"He had Benny in quite a state, and I'm not sure if was all because he is a hunter," Missouri said with a knowing look.
"Castiel, do you need help preparing for the ritual?" Fawn asked in her singsong voice. Castiel turned to the fairy.
"He doesn't trust me; but so far, he is following my wishes," Castiel informed him. Benny shrugged and continued towards the four wheel drive truck. Two large cardboard boxes were in the bed of the pickup. "I'd feel better if you took the satellite phone."
Dean stared straight out the windshield until they reached the edge of town. "Okay, look, I care about Cas too. I swear I won't tell anyone about this town. I wouldn't risk something happening to him."
Dean wrapped his hand around Castiel's rapidly growing erection and broke eye contact. There was a moment's hesitation, and Castiel closed his own fingers around Dean's and drew back the foreskin. "Dean..." Castiel stopped thinking. Dean had taken him in his mouth, and the wet heat engulfed him. Watching Dean was almost better than feeling Dean. Maybe that's why people fell in love. Sex was good and could be great, but loving your partner made things more intense.
"It's ten...we need to get a move on," Sam's voice came from around the edge of the door. Castiel got out of bed just in time to see Pierce race out the door.
Bobby snorted and then realized Dean was serious. "You think that's what this is?" Bobby fingered the charm before setting it back down. "You take this from a witch?"
She left the circle and began walking down the path. The other aunts fell into step behind her and one by one, the crowd followed. Dean looked quizzically at Castiel. "That's it?"
“Can’t you just throw them in the dryer?” Dean couldn’t keep laying there like a limp dick. He sat up, and the blanket slipped around his waist. The blue eyes drifted down quickly and then back up. Dean caught the slight blush on the man’s cheeks. Interesting.
Sleep didn't come that night. Castiel spent the night warding his home and the surrounding forest against evil, both spiritual and manmade.
"No, Ruby came to see me before the storm started." Castiel put his hand on Benny's arm saying, "Ruby is a good woman, a strong woman."
Castiel felt Benny's arm flex under his hand. "Not everyone is what they seem, Dean. Benny doesn't kill."
"They were made for you, Dean. Until I destroy them or take them apart, they will be yours." Dean met his eyes for a moment then went over and picked them up. He tucked them into his coat pocket.
"I want to," said Dean, and he realized that he meant it. All those others in his past...he'd done it out of guilt, or he was drunk at the time. This was Cas, and he loved him. Didn't he just say he wanted to grow old with the man? He lowered his head and starting at the base, he left small kisses up the underside of Cas' cock. He took a page out of Cas' playbook and cupped the man's balls. Cas made a soft noise and Dean looked up. Cas was looking at him like he hung the freakin' moon. Confident now, Dean wrapped his other hand around Cas' hardening shaft.
"He is the hunter," Silvermist said, taking his place in front of his sister. Fawn peered over his shoulder. Castiel was used to their state of dress, Dean wasn't and out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean's shock. Silvermist was nude, except for a long feather and ivy vest. Fawn was bare, but for the braided ivy loincloth covering her sex.
"Alright. When are we doing this?" Castiel was amazed Dean seemed to be taking this so well. His first response had been a bit frightening.
"Dean, could you join us," Castiel said, loud enough to be heard over the separate conversations that were taking place among his aunts. Dean looked at him curiously, but rose. Mab and Nimue followed him.
Cas was standing in the middle of the floor when he pushed open the door. Dean's smile faded at Cas' face.
"Call this number when you get to Casper...and Sam...be careful." He hung up and dialed Bobby's number.
Unsure how to respond, Dean simply nodded and apparently that was good enough. Mab gestured for Dean to follow her. As they neared the center of the meadow, Dean recognized faces. The butterflies in his stomach were playing a rousing game of football. Then he saw Cas, and his nerves settled immediately. He smiled as the crowd parted. As he neared Cas, he noticed that the snow gave way to green grass and clover.
"I've met him. It was back when I was turned. He helped me. He let me go with the promise I wouldn't kill anyone."
"Whatever," Dean muttered, letting Sam lead the way. The waiting room was crowded, but Dean spotted the burly vampire and the older hunter easily. Sam made it to them first; and when Dean walked up, Sam was explaining their father's condition. Sam sounded clinical, almost detached. Sam and John never got along...okay, so that was an exaggeration. Once Sam reached puberty and finally realized what their father and Dean did while they dragged him all over the country, he rebelled. Up until then Sammy had worshiped their dad.
Cas looked on in amusement. Benny's voice lowered to a whisper. "I learned something new, thanks to you. I don't think I will ever get those images out of my head."
Cas held up his hands. "They will not know I'm a witch. Dean's father would not hurt him, but this Gordon...I'm not sure. I won't leave Dean."
Dean stared at him in open amazement and Castiel felt the need to tell his story. "My mother and my brother mentally and physically abused me, Dean. All because I wanted to practice magick like my grandmother did. When I reached the age of thirteen, I was supposed to join the coven. I refused, and my grandmother defended my decision. Lucifer locked me away and...and my mother killed her own mother for influencing me." Castiel felt Dean's other hand covering his. "She came to me that night and told me grandmother died because of me. She called me weak and pathetic. On the day my grandmother was to be cremated, her sisters came from Ireland. Grandmother was one of seven sisters, and they were powerful. They cursed my mother. She now lives as an ugly hag." Castiel huffed out a small bark of laughter. "Mother was vain...so vain. At one time, she was incredibly beautiful..." Castiel drifted for a moment, remembering how his mother looked. Long red hair, ivory skin. "Anyway, my great aunts took me home with them and trained me...shared their knowledge with me...helped me to bond with Brighid. When I was of age, I came home. I hoped things would be different, but they were not. I stayed out of a sense of loyalty to my family. Lucifer had given up on me joining the coven, and he left me alone unless it was to hurl insults. Years passed and then one night, I came downstairs, and one of my brother's coven had...had...my dog..." Castiel had to stop.
"It was a rhetorical question, Little Sister. I would have thought the Goddess would have made a better match for our nephew...perhaps another witch," Nimue said to the table in general, ignoring the fact Dean was sitting right there.
Cas turned off the ignition and waited for Dean to climb off the snowmobile, but Dean stayed where he was. "Cas?"
"Well...no, but..." Dean stopped talking. Cas was trying to hide a smile. Dean gave him a bitchface, too.
Feeling bolder than he probably should in the face of a goddess, Dean lifted his chin. "You can't force me to stay."
"It is because you are sick. You need to eat something though." Dean nodded even though the man had his back to him.
Dean's smile was more of a grimace. He gathered his flannel pants and towel and waited for Cas to move, so he could pull the curtain. Dean yanked on the curtain a bitter harder than he should have, causing the metal rings to screech across the bar. Only then did he strip down. He looked at his body in the dim light from the candles. No one had ever complained about his body, but he hadn't been standing next to Cas either. Yo, Dude, you want me or the guy with the smokin' hot bod? I'll take smokin' hot bod for two hundred, Alex.
He sat them on the side of the bed. "You may borrow these." He watched in veiled amusement as Dean shimmied into the pants while staying covered by the heavy quilts.
together now?" Sam asked, looking over at Dean. He glanced in the rearview and saw Bobby's eyes twinkling.
"You have no fucking idea, Cas." He stomped over to the window and stared out at the whiteness, his posture stiff. He spun around suddenly. "Wait, Gabriel as in Gabriel from the bible? That Gabriel?"
Castiel sighed and looked away. The jukebox on the other side of the room was suddenly fascinating to him. Wearily, he said, "We are both men...no babies."
All eyes turned to him. Sam looked pissed. Fuck, if Benny wasn't looking at him with a pitying expression and it made Dean want to punch him. And Bobby...Bobby just seemed resigned to Dean's attitude. "Sam, can you and Benny give us a minute?"
The simple words had a strange effect on Dean. Castiel could feel the trembling in the man's arms. Slowly and carefully, Dean knelt between Castiel's legs and picked up the jar. Castiel watched his lover stare into the jar and then at Castiel's spread thighs.
"When I gave you the damn thing, I thought you were capable of taking care of it," John snapped. Dean could feel the muscle in the side of his jaw tic, but he didn't speak. His father didn't stop there. "You got a girl?"
"Dean, damn it, this isn't your fault. Why do you always blame yourself when bad shit happens? God, Dad lives on fast food and leads a stressful life. Not the healthiest lifestyle."
"Dad, I'll take care of it and make sure it doesn't wind up in the wrong hands," Dean said, trying to reassure his father.
"Oh," Castiel murmured. Did that mean Dean was leaving in the morning? His appetite disappeared, and he put his spoon on the table. Seconds that seemed like hours ticked by.
Dean allowed for the hand up and hated that his legs felt so weak. Cas took his hands and told him to concentrate on his brother. It was pretty easy to do, since he'd been focused on Sam for most of his life.
Inhaling Cas' scent as they held each other, it hit Dean. He might be in love with this man...this witch. Instead of scaring him, it confused him. They hadn't even had sex yet. Only kissed once – well, more than once, but it was only one occasion.
All the witches stopped talking and stared at him. "Are you sure he is the one?" Nimue asked her sisters, looking down her nose at him.
And if Castiel later worshipped the soft skin of Dean’s belly with his lips and fingers, and if Dean had reveled in how it made him feel… well that’s really nobody’s business now is it?
"Dean, no," Castiel screamed as the gun bucked in Dean's hand. Castiel shoved Benny. The bullet streaked across the outside of the vampire's bicep. Castiel moved to shield Benny. "Dean, it's okay."
"Right," Dean said sarcastically. He was upright now, leaning heavily on the wall. He was inching towards his backpack. While Castiel had taken the guns, he'd not touched the other items, and he remembered the silver knife tucked into the side pocket.
"So, tell me about this whole marriage ceremony? Will I need a tux? Will we get presents?" Cas rolled his eyes. The witch had the nerve to roll his eyes.
After finding a cheap motel just north of the Kansas border, Dean opened his backpack to replenish his ammo. He saw the velvet pouch and took it out. It was the bag of rocks Cas had given him. He spilled them out on the bedspread. The polished stones were truly beautiful. Maybe he'd look them up to see what they were one day. He gathered them back into the pouch, but this time, he put it in his coat pocket.
"Yeah, I wanted to apologize...for the way I acted." Dean had another coughing fit, and Castiel held out a mug. Dean looked at it suspiciously.
Dean pulled the pouch out of his jeans, where he'd kept it since he'd left Cas' cabin. He put it on the table and placed it next to the black pouch. "You can keep it."
"Archangels are powerful, even the fallen ones," was all Benny said before stomping over the sidewalk and disappearing inside the store. Dean didn't have a choice but to follow. Cas looked up, brow knitted.
The doctor strode purposefully down the corridor. At the end, he pushed a door open. Their father looked so pale against the white bedding. Tubes pumped fluids into his arm. A monitor beeped steadily, and Dean looked away from the man lying in the bed to focus on the flashing numbers. BPM...what did that mean...beats per minute. Dean figured that out on his own. What was normal? He watched that number fluctuate. "I'll leave you alone. If you need anything, the nurses' station is right outside."
"Cas?" Cas turned, and Dean leaned in to touch his lips to Cas'. It was just supposed to be a simple kiss...affectionate...but Cas made this small sound that pushed all of Dean's buttons. Dean couldn't help but react. He had wondered how Cas' hair would feel tangled in his hands, now it was a reality. He tugged at the strands, pulling Cas closer. Dean ran his tongue over Cas' lips and with a soft moan, Cas parted for him. Their tongues danced, sparring with each other. Dean loved the feel of Cas's warm chest pressing against his. He felt Cas' tentative touch on his shoulders, trailing down his back, and Dean broke the kiss, letting his head fall backwards. Cas latched onto his neck, sucking tiny bruises under his jawline. In an attempt to get closer, Dean shifted, so he was now in Cas' lap. He could feel Cas' arousal pressing against his own. Moaning with need, Dean rocked his hips and took Cas' mouth again.
After giving Dean a quick lesson on operating a snowmobile, Cas assured Dean, he'd be fine on his own while Dean went into town to make his calls. In fact, Cas looked relieved. It wasn't his fault about the black pepper...Jeez, how many times did he have to say it?
Castiel gathered the herbs he needed and sat them aside. Pulling up the large rug in front of the fireplace, he uncovered the chalk circle. He sat the blue candle inside the circle and taking the paper and the herbs, he knelt. In a small stone dish, he folded the list of names and set the paper on fire using the candle. As it burned, he lifted his arms. He called on his grandmother's sisters.
He picked up his robe and threw it over his shoulders. Now that the ritual was finished, the cold began to touch his skin. He gathered his things into the basket and picked up his staff. It was time to check on Dean and make sure he ate.
Stomping his feet to keep warm, Castiel waited. He needed to use the toilet, as well. The door burst open, and Dean all but jumped out. "Fuck...my ass has frostbite...and my fuckin' nuts are hibernating somewhere around my liver."
"It is." Castiel walked around the corner and into the back room. He dumped his dirty clothing into one of three industrial sized washers. Since most of the members of the town lived at poverty level or like Castiel and lived off the land, everyone came to Benny's for modern conveniences like washing machines.
"You can borrow them until we get you safely to your car." Reluctantly, Dean took the items and put them on.
Dean's mouth parted like he wanted to speak, but Castiel put his finger over Dean's lips, and when he was sure Dean would stay quiet, he let his finger outline Dean's cheekbone. Castiel brought up his other hand to skim over Dean's ribcage. Dean moved closer to him, barely an inch separating the two. Castiel loved the heat radiating off Dean. Their cocks, now fully erect were aligned perfectly. They touched and tasted, kissed and nipped until Castiel didn't think his legs would hold him any longer. He laced his fingers through Dean's with the intention of leading him to the bed, but Dean had other ideas.
"I unloaded on him at the hospital, Cas. Really fuckin' unloaded. What kind of person does that to someone who's in a fuckin' hospital bed?"
"Your woods?" Dean sank back into the hot water, not willing to admit to the witch, the tea had made him feel warmer.
"Leave him alone. He worships you, you bitch." Dean yelled and started to run toward Cas. He got as far as the edge of the circle, and it felt like he was slamming into a brick wall. He fell back on his ass in the snow. "Cas, you okay?"
Dean's bladder made itself known, and he looked around. He couldn't remember seeing a bathroom. "Hey, uhm, Cas?"
Dean narrowed his eyes. "Like keep my robe on while we...uhm...consummate?" Castiel fought to keep his face blank.
"Just one more minute." Dean turned and saw Cas' back. The tattoo was easy to see now. A tree with half of it disappearing in a flight of birds. Beautiful. Cas pulled a sweatshirt over his head and the ink disappeared. He slipped on a pair of boots and grabbed his own coat. Dean shifted from one foot to the other. Cas opened the door and Dean would have ran, but...well...
An hour later, Dean and Benny were walking through the woods towards Cas' meadow. He was in his robe, naked underneath. The robe wasn't as revealing as he'd feared. There were clasps in the front that kept it closed, so nobody could see his junk. Wyoming in late February and there is snow on the ground, but strangely enough, he wasn't cold. Maybe the robe had a spell on it. His bare feet were even warm.
"Cas, you need to stop talking or else I'm going to come right here and now." Cas' fingers froze halfway inside of him. "No...God, please don't stop." After a second's hesitation, Cas begin to move again. Dean wanted to touch...to feel the slickness...the heat. Tentatively, he reached out his forefinger. He started at the erogenous zone under Cas' balls, and he heard Cas' swift intake of air. Feeling braver, he let it slide down until he brushed Cas' hand. "Can I?"
"I just think I should handle it. I'll tell Dad my car died in the middle of nowhere..." Dean waved his hands around expressively. "...and Gabriel here let me use his phone, and I called Bobby for help..."
After dressing warmly, Dean opened the door. Cas would need some help bringing the wood up to the porch. He froze on the top step. Six women were coming up the path in a straight line. They were all dressed identically...all with black hats. Not like Halloween witches' hats, no, these were black, but more like those worn at the Kentucky Derby. As they came closer, Dean realized they were all about his age, maybe even younger. And Supermodels...what the fuck?
Since the witch was occupied, Dean took the time to really look at his surroundings. The kitchen area was small and the wood burning stove took up a large piece of real estate. It looked like something from Little House on the Prairie. There were a few cabinets and cast iron pans on the wall. Moving on, Dean took a longer look at the shelves that held all the jars of stuff...he'd bet anything there was some eye of newt in there somewhere. The wooden table next to the shelves held a mortar and pestle, a bunch of empty jars, and an old book. The book looked leather bound. Was that the witch's grimoire? If he could manage to steal it, it could help him on hunts. Then, maybe for once, his father would think he'd done something right.
Everyone moved at once, gathering around John. Bobby rolled him onto his back, and Castiel saw fear in the man's eyes. He knew what was happening. "He's had a stroke," Castiel said and pushed Sam out of the way. "Gabriel..." Castiel looked up at his friend, but Gabriel shook his head slightly. The archangel either couldn't or wouldn't do anything. He'd figure out which later.
Dean gravitated towards him and surprising Castiel, he wrapped his arms around him, melting into him. Castiel brought his arms up, holding on to the moment. Over Dean's shoulder, Castiel saw Sam and Bobby exchange a look. He felt Dean's breath against his neck and a light brush of his lips before he straightened and stepped back. Castiel's arms felt so empty.
"I'm heading out after we eat," Dean said conversationally, with his mouth full of pancakes. Castiel's appetite disappeared. Why was he letting himself feel this way? He knew Dean was going to leave. When he woke up to find Dean gone, he felt ill. Physically ill. Having him burst through the door with that warm smile on his face was just a temporary reprieve...nothing more.
Dean remembered Cas standing naked in the snow and his cock lengthened. He let his fingertips trace the veins running up his shaft. What would it be like to fuck a witch? Or be fucked by one? Dean used his thumb to wipe the drop of precum away from his slit and tasted himself. Why couldn't he get Cas out of his mind?
"Watch while I make this sausage disappear..." Crap, not a joke to tell to a really attractive...guy...witch...person. Castiel exhaled, rolled his eyes, and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist.
The park closed at nightfall, so Bobby and Dean snuck back in after dark. Both victims were last seen leaving the park's gift shop. Dean parked the Impala near the building and at the last minute snagged the amulet and shoved it into his pocket. Dean was dressed like a ranger, and Bobby took cover in the shadows. Dean came around the corner whistling, hands in pockets, looking casual. A woman stepped out of the darkness. "Excuse me, ma'am, the park is closed," Dean said authoritatively.
Cas folded his hands. "People have come to me over the years to make them a potion or do a spell, but I don't believe in forcing affections. Certain gems and potions can make you more susceptible to falling in love, but if the feeling isn't mutual, it won't work." Then Cas stood up abruptly and went to his bed. He knelt down and looked under the bed before turning back to Dean. "The bag of crystals I gave you to help you heal, did you take it?"
Castiel closed his eyes before answering. He was starting to get aroused. "Yes. Yes, it feels good, Dean." He was closed to whimpering like a lost puppy, so with his last shred of dignity, Castiel put his hand over Dean's exploring one. "Let's dry off."
"Castiel cares for you, so how I feel about you is irrelevant. I'll do whatever it takes to make him happy even if it means helping you."
Dean was looking at him as if he'd grown another head. He swallowed thickly and nodded. "Yeah...sure...Cas." Needing to calm down, Castiel yanked open the door of the bar.
Cas eased out and Dean moaned. He felt empty...sated, but still empty. As if his muscles were made of jelly, Cas collapsed next to Dean. Dean curled his fingers around Cas' and stared up at the blue sky. "Hey, Cas, how did you make it springtime?"
"I thought you would want to come into town and talk to Gabriel," Benny said to Castiel. Dean looked at Benny quizzically.
"Sure, thanks, I need a show...bath." Dean really missed showers. If he ever lived here, he'd have to put indoor plumbing in and a real shower.
Castiel smiled, one of his all too infrequent genuine smiles. “It’s OK, Dean. I know you’re not attracted to human males, and this vessel is of course male. It doesn’t alter my feelings for you, however.”
Castiel tried not to react to Dean's use of the word 'home,' but it gave him a warm feeling in the pit of his stomach.
As if reading his mind, one of them laughed. She whispered to Cas, and he grinned but still managed to look contrite. "Dean, I should have warned you."
Castiel met his eyes and gave him an amused look. "Benny sells it online for me. It keeps me in supplies."
Dean straightened his shoulders. What was Bobby proposing? "You want me to help you? How? What could I do?"
"Real helpful there, Cas," Dean muttered. Castiel stepped back, getting ready to apologize again, but Benny's truck rumbled up next to Dean's car. Without words, the two men hooked up jumper cables from one vehicle to the other. Dean got behind the wheel after a few minutes and turned the key. Nothing happened and he hit the steering wheel with his hand, then he rubbed it like he was saying he was sorry.
"Shit." Dean huffed and bent down to scratch behind the cat's ears. "Good..uhm...girl." Pierce preened and bumped her head against Dean's hand. He gave her a pat and then picked up the mouse by its tail. Castiel gave him a scrap of muslin, he used for making sachets and bath soaks. Carefully, Dean rolled the material around the mouse. "Yo, see, cat...loving the present." Dean put the bundle into his coat pocket with a grimace.
“But your hair and skin are dry, Dean. You’ve been out of the shower for some time now,” Castiel observed.
"You are a true and righteous man. Yet you lie to yourself." Dean opened his mouth to make a wiseass retort, but she continued, "You look upon Castiel's body with lust." Dean felt his face heat up and avoided looking at Cas. "You deny your feelings. Why? To please a father who can never be pleased?"
"Yeah, can it, Gabriel. He's my brother. Hands off," Dean told the archangel. Then Dean turned to Castiel. They hadn't spoken since Castiel's temper flare.
Not wanting to get into another conversation about Cas, Dean turned up the radio; and they made it to the hospital without having any more chick flick moments.
Benny made a zipping motion over his lips. Dean's scowl became a full on bitchface. "If it makes you feel any better, I think Cas has already had to smoke something to keep from putting his fist through a wall."
Angry words from Arif's table made Dean bite his lip nervously. "If they're looking for you, go. Leave us. You're bringing hunters here, and we're all in danger. Missouri saw it and if the hunter doesn't leave, it will come to pass."
I know the updating has been slow on this one, but we have reached the end.  I will be writing the epilogue and hope to post by the end of the week.  Angi and I could not have done this without the support of all of you.  And because we didn't want it to end either, we've decided to do a few time stamps from time to time.  We want to see Dean in his new role, we want to meet Lucifer and maybe let them have a child.  If you have any suggestions on what you'd like to see, feel free to comment.
"I don't kill," Benny said between gritted teeth. He stood up and his chair scraped loudly across the wooden floor.
"I know I don't have to, but I want to try it." Cas swallowed and gave a quick nod. He placed his hands on Dean's chest and pushed him down. Cas' eyes drifted down his body. It making Dean want to cover himself, but the look of desire was so evident in Cas' face that he kept his hands to his sides.
"Damn it, Cas," Dean whispered, as if he was only talking to himself. He reached out for Castiel and pulled him down, so his body was aligned with Dean's. "Go to sleep."
"It would involve some travel, but not as much as you do now. You could stay with Castiel...make a life here. When I hear of something, I'll let you know."
Missouri was staring at the bed. "Oh...well...I didn't mean to interrupt." Dean gave her a pained smile and a wave of his fingers.
He felt Cas' hand in his, and he turned to him. "Morning, Cas." A hint of a smile crossed Cas' lips.
Sparks flew from Castiel's fingertips into the cauldron and the small bits of paper burst into flames.
Castiel smiled and went back to preparing for bed. He brushed his teeth with his homemade toothpaste. He realized Dean was staring at him, and he turned around. Then it dawned on him. Dean didn't have clothes or toiletries. "I'm sorry, your things are all in your car. I have something you can sleep in, and you can brush your teeth with this." He held up the jar. Dean took it and brought it to his nose.
"Don't want to talk about it, Sammy. So, Bobby, tell us about this facility." Yep, it was time to change the subject.
Castiel rolled his eyes, since the aunts arrived and talk turned to the wedding preparations, Dean had acted petulant. "Maeva needs a drop of your blood."
"Yes, I was," Cas said, teeth flashing in the pale light. They both gathered the wood and stacked it by the railing. When they were done, Cas opened the door and the men burst into the room. Pierce eyed them disdainfully from her perch on the window seal. Dean pulled off his gloves and shrugged off his coat. His arms still felt like jelly, but he'd die before he complained.
With Cas already in bed reading, Dean had no choice but to lay down in his nest of quilts on the floor. He was used to a later bedtime, but once he started reading Cas' grimoire, his eyes grew heavy. The spell shielding the town and its residents was pretty cool though. From what he wrote, it took a lot out of Cas to do something on such a massive scale. Getting to know Cas through his journal was making it tough on Dean. He planned to leave tomorrow now that he knew there was no love spell. It was just a case of lust. He'd leave, stop somewhere on his way to meet his father and get laid, then all would be right in Dean's world.
There was something about the witch's eyes and the way he spoke, Dean wanted to trust him. "Tomorrow."
"Tell me," Castiel whispered. Missouri cocked her head, listening to the sound of a zipper being pulled up.
The angel walked to them and touched their arms. Dean felt like he was on a tilt-a-whirl...everything went black and he felt his stomach revolt. He suddenly found himself, the vampire, and the truck sitting in front of Benny's store. Gabriel stepped away from them, looking pleased with himself. "No need to thank me...well, agreeing to the three..."
He stood and followed her to the door. Dean was standing at the edge of the woods. Chara was standing a few yards away from him, watching him. Chara glanced up when she heard them on the porch. Dean didn't turn around. Missouri strode down the path towards her cottage. Chara padded towards him, and he acknowledged her with a soft whistle and a touch to her head. Then she took off at a trot, disappearing into the forest. Taking a deep breath, Castiel approached Dean.
Castiel parked the snowmobile next to his motorcycle, now covered in snow and ice. Inside, they shed their coats and other outerwear. Dean went over to the fireplace and began laying a fire, while Castiel went to find them a meal. No words were needed as they moved around the cabin. Dean set the table, and Cas poured water into mugs. Dean even fed Pierce as Castiel poured his quickly prepared chicken and dumplings into bowls.
The pudding was rich and creamy. Dean paused with the second bite almost to his mouth. That smell again. "Hey, Harriet, what's in this pudding?"
"You do have feelings." It was a statement, not a question. And he wasn't surprised when she took his hand. Castiel could look into the future, but he never looked into his own fate. She held his palm in her warm hands and traced his line of the heart. He watched her eyes carefully and saw the flash of fear.
Castiel didn’t kiss him back at first, and Dean started to doubt his actions. Maybe Castiel had meant something else, or maybe angels did things differently.
"I'm at the Motel Six just off 44. Room 201." Did his father even know how to say goodbye? See you later? Kiss my ass, son?
"Sweet Goddess, the gentle breeze is the touch of your loving hand, the wind of the storm is a reminder of your strength. The sound of the trees in the wind is your voice, and the fragrance of flowers borne on the wind is your gift of beauty."
Cas' name was more of a hiss as his orgasm hit him. He rode it out, hand slowing until he was just holding his softening cock. He needed to get up and wipe the cum off his belly, but that would require him to actually move. Instead, he took the far corner of the sheet and cleaned himself up. It probably wouldn't be the first time housekeeping had to launder spunk out of these sheets.
Castiel got off his bar stool and stood shoulder to shoulder with Benny. "I'd trust him with my life."
"Welcome to my humble establishment. The menu's on the wall," Gabriel said, pointing to a chalkboard. The only things listed were hamburgers and chili. Sam and Cas pulled two tables together; and with a brief scraping of chair legs, the men sat down. Instead of coming out from behind the bar, Gabriel called to them. "Beers all around? Something stronger?"
"No, I think you would miss him, Dean." Dean looked around the room at the djinn, the cute werewolf, his brother, a group of gypsies and a very inebriated fairy currently dancing on the end of the bar. Yes, he would miss the vampire. It wouldn't be home without him. Home. Dean was finally home. He linked his fingers with Cas' and stood up.
Benny, Bobby, and Dean were talking quietly at one of the tables. "I have a thought," Gabriel said, tapping his finger on his chin.
"Yeah," Dean agreed and remembered the scarf and hat. He unwound the scarf and snatched the hat off his head. "Here," he said, shoving the items at Cas. Cas took them and turned to go. Dean stood watching until the bite of the frigid temperatures forced him to move.
The motel room smelled musty, but the bed seemed clean. Dean slept in his clothes, with his pistol under his pillow. When he woke, it was still dark outside, and he got up to take a piss. He looked at the bedside clock. It was only four-thirty. He groaned and got back in bed. He rolled around trying to get comfortable again, but wound up on his back staring at the ceiling.
"Sure, why wouldn't I be?" Shall we list them? I've got a 'dad bod.' I'm attracted to a witch. A freakin' goddess is playing matchmaker, and oh yeah, my father is hunting me down. I'm just peachy.
"I heard about a skinwalker down in New Mexico, near one of the reservations," Dean answered, sounding more confident than he felt.
"Hope she was pretty," Bobby chuckled. Dean didn't even smile. He'd come to terms with his bisexuality a long time ago. He hid it from everyone, especially John. And he hadn't acted on it in a long time, but he'd been attracted to Cas. Cas admitted he'd been with Benny. Only once, Cas said. Did he want Dean to be another notch on his bedpost? The more he thought about it, the surer he got Cas put a love spell on him. Well, he was damn well going to take it off.
Sam and Dean trailed after the nurse. She led them to a curtained off treatment area. While they filled out forms, she set up two trays of instruments and bandages. They handed her back the clipboards, and she went to get another doctor. This one was younger, probably Dean's age.
"You...Colt..." Even like this, John was still thinking about the hunt. Speaking of the Colt...where did it wind up? Dean remembered his father dropping it when he had the stroke. Did Cas have it? No, Cas wouldn't touch a gun. Benny? Gabriel? He needed to find out. That gun, in the wrong hands, was deadly.
The sound of Cas coming down the ladder pulled his attention away from his errant thoughts. He came over to Dean and held out his hand. "Come."
Bobby chuckled. "Yeah, Gabriel and Benny filled me in. You've got a real live goddess on your side, Dean. Not many people can say that." Then Bobby looked at Cas. "You must be Castiel. Heard a lot about you."
"I don't fuckin' know," Dean snarled. Anger radiated off him now. He turned and the door slammed behind him. He glanced at Benny. The wound was already healing, but the vampire looked distraught.
Dean jumped and turned to face Castiel. He grabbed his t-shirt from the top of his duffle, pulling it quickly over his head. He didn’t want to see the look of repulsion on Castiel’s face.
At the northernmost candle, he touched his finger to the wick and it flared. He faced the sky and chanted, "I come into the Circle of Earth, the Circle of Peace, so wandering spirits may be released." He laid down his athame to symbolize freeing the ties that bind spirits to the earth.
"About what?" Dean's gaze went back to the flames licking at the chimney. Dean knew what he meant. He was being deliberately obtuse.
"Dad? What are you doing here?" Dean said innocently. He continued his act by looking at his father's passenger. "And why is Gordon with you?"
He picked up the amulet and the bag of stones. "I will just have to prove it to you somehow." Dean watched as he got up and put the two pouches on his mantle.
Castiel took in the tall man's appearance. He looked nothing like Dean other than being a handsome man. His hair was almost shoulder length, and he shook it out of his face while his eyes adjusted to the dim interior. "Sammy," Dean said, striding quickly to his brother. The two embraced. Castiel wondered how long it had been since they'd seen each other. From Dean's account, Sam led a stable life in California, while Dean traveled the country hunting. Sam hugged Bobby, and then Dean took his arm, turning him to face Benny. "Sam, this is Benny."
"Walk me to my truck, Castiel," Benny said, his tone devoid of emotion. Castiel spared a backwards look at Dean, and then followed the vampire out the door.
When he turned around, Cas was standing by the bed. The glow from the fire illuminated his body. Cas was naked and aroused. Really aroused. Dean swallowed audibly. His mouth was making way to much spit. Fuck, the man was making him drool. "Come here, Dean."
"Castiel...Dean, look at each other." Dean met Cas' eyes and all the love he felt for the man poured out. "Take your mate's hand." Cas used his right hand to take Dean's left. "Castiel, will you share Dean's pain and seek to alleviate it?"
"If I don't, other hunters will come. Do you want to risk that?" Dean's father would be one of them. He'd kill Cas just because he's a witch.
Dean pulled his car keys out of his pocket and unlocked the car. With a small wave, he slammed the door.
"Thank you, Benny," Castiel answered and the two men followed Benny out the door, down the sidewalk, and around to the back of the store. Castiel helped him slide the barn doors open, and they all walked inside. Benny kept three snowmobiles. With Wyoming under the cover of snow seven months out of the year, snowmobiles and four wheel drive trucks were a must. Benny pulled two helmets off a shelf and handed one to each of them.
Castiel sat up, sweat covered his body. Something was wrong. Heart beating erratically, he jumped out of bed and climbed the ladder. With a flick of his wrist, the candles flared to life. Normally, parlor tricks didn't suit him, but time was of the essence. He lifted his scrying mirror, an obsidian oval, polished smooth and set in a brass frame. It had been his grandmother's. He lowered himself to the floor of the loft and placed the mirror on the floor in front of him. Concentrating, he moved his hands over the mirror. Swirling red clouds appeared on the surface. Then a spider...large and wicked...a woman's face. Dean. Dean...face resigned to his fate. No... "Goddess...please..." The candles flared and went out. Then nothing.
In the light from the fire, Castiel saw when Dean realized he wasn't caught in his nightmare anymore. "I'll get you some water, hold on." Castiel stood and jogged to the water bucket. He poured Dean a cool mug and brought it back to him. Once again, he lowered himself to kneel beside Dean.
Gabriel turned his eyes to Castiel. "I made a vow, just like you did, to protect this town and the people in it. The hunter would never let it go, Castiel. He would have come for us, bringing more hunters with him. Dean would never have been free."
