Dean understood--he
!" Cas screamed, reaching for her decaying, blackened hand. "My child--" But she was being swept away much too fast. They collapsed amongst the ash, struggling to breathe through the choking ash and through the tears. Wind whistled eerily across the wasteland. Just when they thought the dream was over-- Sam's distinct voice carried over from the wastelands.
Dean smiled a little. "Of course you have. I haven't seen you leave that thing for two seconds." Cas looked down happily at the white object. "I suppose I haven't."
Chuck sighed, shaking some more chili flakes into the kettle. "I think so, Sam. It's just going to take a little while to adjust." The brothers nodded, and Chuck spoke up again.
"-And attention." Cas interjected, keeping a completely straight face and seemingly ignoring his sarcasm. "
Cas thought.
"I used to be a Blackwing too." Cas's voice wobbled. "...I miss them."
should have been the one teaching me how to draw today, not Sam!" Jack snorted. "Can I learn art from you from now on?"
"It doesn't require much." Castiel replied. "All I need is a spellbowl, and a bit of your blood."
Metatron struggled to sit up once again, his face bloodied and swelling already. Before he could fully regain his balance, another rough punch had him falling back to the floor.
"Calcifer I swear to fucking God if you don't shut up I will come in there and
Red. What a strange color for blood. It used to be silver, up in heaven. Silver with a pearly sheen like mercury, but more beautiful than that. Dull, ugly, iron, human red, red, red.
Dean rolled his eyes and shrugged dramatically. Oh wow, that really threw off his balance. "Well?"
"It has nothing to do with the fact that I might be God?" Chuck asked, an easy smile finally pulling onto his face.
"I don't think any of us do." Dean answered. "We're just rolling with what we got."
Cas ended their silent banter dryly.
"I'm sorry. You weren't ready to sit up yet, I don't think." Cas mumbled.
"I know. I know what it can feel like. " Dean answered quietly. "Like you just want to escape everything."
“Good, Dean, good.” The angel crooned again, his face hovering mere inches above Dean's, getting a shaky gasp out of him as Dean spread his thighs and wrapped them around him in invitation and the angel rolled his hips and pushed back inside as he placed his lips over Dean's.
Cas only looked at his son's semi-scruffy red Converse high-tops. "I'm so sorry." Cas whispered. "I was not there for your birth. You or Samandriel, and I regret that very much.."
"A few times. It's different with angels. Our...
Jack smiled at him, excited by the prospect of making something just as beautiful with his own hands someday. He thought of his future self: a Nephilim with jet black wings who was skilled enough to draw anything they came across, to add it to their every-expanding Hunter's journal. Carrying on what his grandpa started.
always made Dean so much more relaxed. Jack didn't know if he knew this by deduction, or by the surface-level mind reading he was trying very hard not to do. Dean said he wanted privacy in his upstairs, but Cas said his door was always open. It was harder than Jack thought to switch gears, but it was probably good training, or they wouldn't have him doing it.
"Okay, Cas. We'll figure something out." Dean locked his jaw and squeezed the steering wheel tighter. He'd been putting it off long enough, and Dean was worried about his kids too. But he wasn't quite sure what to do with the demon in the dungeon.
Dean covered his face with his palms. "Let's not do the whole mind reading thing, okay?"
, Cas. We've got...got, a..." Cas sensed his heartbeat speed even more.
Tobias's chest bumped up against Cas as he laughed a little. "No, seriously?"
An angel noticed his pain and stopped him, towering over him, and silently felt his forehead.
"Get me out of this cuff, Cas." Dean demanded, his voice growling low.
He didn't even hear the sound of the tap for at least a minute. Finally, he rapped on the door. "Cas? You okay in there?"
Dean was happy when the singing finally stopped. In the silence, his phone began trilling in his back pocket. He picked it up answered.
Chuck's angels gardened. They trimmed the rosebushes and watered the hydrangeas and pulled up tiny weeds. Nine crowded around Chuck's tiny television and watched the news. One played with his orange kitty with a tiny feather on a stick, laughing as the paws swatted at it. Some liked to walk around the neighborhood when they got bored and secretly garden and touch up the neighbor's front yards, too. Four drew with chalk on the sidewalk. Some angels actually put Chuck's mattress-room to use and napped like cats with their arms around each other as the windows cast rectangular spots of light across their bodies, chests rising and falling as they tried to dream anything but nightmares.
Sam handed him an unopened notebook, the plastic wrap shining back at him. There was cool art on the cover made out of smeary black lines.
"Crap," Sam sucked in a breath and rubbed at his eyes, pushing his thick brown hair back and away from his face, tucking it behind both ears. "I guess time got away from us."
"I'm not try'na, Io keeps shoving me!" The little angel pouted.
, man."
The inner voice in his hang was absolutely dripping with sarcasm.
Instead, he put the newspaper on Sam's bedside table, he left the flask in case he got thirsty, and quietly peeked into Cas's room. He was still in a deep sleep, hugging that little egg tight. Dean quietly pulled up a chair, wincing as it scraped along the floor.
!" They heard Sam yell from the other room.
The baby finally dropped to all fours. Cas's eyes lit up. "Yes. Move here, toward father. Come here." He beckoned him closer with the excited flipping of his fingers.
He felt sick inside. He wished he hadn't consumed all the pain pills the other night, only to throw them up again. He needed to feel numb. He craved it.
The ex-demon spat a little bit of blood from his mouth.
"You're s-so beautiful." He managed to choke out after a few minutes.
"Of course." Sam flashed a tiny smile at him. "You've helped us out before."
"It was an accident," Jack gulped on air. "I didn't mean to...he promised me... he
The ex-angel looked away, locking his jaw.
Cas finally straightened up, dragging the back of his hand across his eyes. He nodded.
I guess? Like he'd be able to just step in and solve all of our problems in a few minutes."
Dean again smiled. "I like that, Cas. A unique name." He indicted to Bobby in his arms with a small nod. "What about him?"
"Please. We had to come back. We're only babies right now. And Metatron's this close-" Tobias held up his pointer finger and thumb pinching less than a centimeter apart, "- to stealing God's position once and for all. And there's no way we can let that happen."
Dean chuckled and wrapped his arm around Cas, holding him tighter. The angel shuffled slightly and his legs slipped to tangle with Dean's. They already shared a brain, so any awkwardness or discomfort of the situation was eliminated.
Baby Leo was strapped to Cas's chest in what used to be Eggy's baby carrier. Chuck smiled at Cas and then his eyes flicked down to the towheaded baby's round face. Leo's blue eyes were widened as he looked at Chuck with wonder, tiny pink lips hanging slightly ajar.
"You named another angel
"Uh-" Sam clearly was not expecting him to say something like that. "Uh, okay sure Cas," he stammered. "Like, right now?"
Jack replied, waiting for his body to go numb again like when he fell asleep.
haaHAH
"A little," Jack yawned and stretched his arms over his head. "I think I read the same paragraph five or six times, though."
There was a silence.
"I know you're not a child. You're my friend who's in the middle of a rough patch, and I'm just trying to help you in any way I can. Adult to adult, okay?"
"Okay, Dean. My bad. Our bad. We should have let you in on it, we just- didn't think we needed to. Things don't go well when we hide things from each other, I should know that by now."
Jack nodded, knowing better by now than to ask what today's subject was. He'd only find out when he walked in, the walls plastered with pinned newspaper cuttings, textbooks opened to their sections and tabbed with colorful post-its or striped with highlighter, the books lined up in a row from the table's end to end.The smell of the bunker's wood mixed with old, sometimes even ancient, papers and of course Sam's squeaky, chemically dry erase pen. Half of Sam's whiteboard would start stuffed with bullet point topics, the other half blank for notes during the lesson. Jack only had a few more pages until his notebook was full.
"Take care of them?" Dean finished, finally taking his arm away, much to Cas's silent dismay. "Duh, Cas. Of course. Y'know, maybe this time we can make sure they don't turn out to be such dicks." He flashed him a reassuring smile. Dean had such a kind heart under that rough exterior, Cas thought.
"Cas, I said
Dean pulled a chair up and sat on it backward, resting his chin on his folded arms. "I'll be right here. Whenever you need me."
for you." Dean huffed. "Fuck off," He laughed bitterly, turning away so he didn't have to look at him.
Chuck had to pause, breathing hard, right when his finger hit the little 'd' on the keyboard. The line blinked back at him, willing him to write on. Chuck tried hard to steady his breathing, he hadn't even realized he'd been writing. His little orange cat headbutted his shaking wrist and dragged his body underneath with a little purr, and Chuck finally came to his senses and petted the soft ginger fur.
Bobby frowned. "And just how do you expect
It was going to be one of those nights, one where he cried as they fucked. Cried
It basically meant they had to keep an eye on them constantly, and if they put them somewhere they most likely would not just sit and stay there. Dean found it the easiest if he held them to keep track of them.
"I mean it. Never come back here ever again. I'll feel it, and I
"-Is Castiel still alive?"
"I don't know where Sam is, things aren't
"My...my wing-cuts hurt." Cas explained timidly, still hovering by the doorway as if he were ready to turn on his heel and leave any second. "May I come in?"
He finally smiled and stood up. "I
"Bobby, I need Cas. I need
"What do you really look like, Cas?"
"You've been nauseous for some time now." Cas piped up softly, looking a bit queasy himself. "Mainly because of your incredible food intake. I...came prepared."
." She announced, sitting down with a sigh and looking into the pan at the sizzling egg. "I can't believe we just saw him like that!" She yawned and tugged some of Soloviel's greyish quilt to fit over her own shoulder. "Damn. It's chilly today. Can you make me one?"
Cas frowned again. "I don't speak Spanish."
Dean laughed and flipped to the first page. There was that picture he'd snapped of him making pancakes, along with a caption underneath it. "This is Dean Winchester. Father must consume sustenance now that he is not an angel. Dean makes food for us to keep us healthy. You do not need to eat food."
"I'm sick." Cas felt tears welling up in his eyes. "I think I'm sick, Dean."
The three of them sat down. Chuck frowned a little and sighed.
"Well, why not?" Dean asked, that had surprised him. Chuck looked a little bit like a puppy who had been kicked.
"All the angels here know somehow. Cacifer called us and confirmed it." Dean didn't like the look of growing anger on Castiel's face. "I'm sorry. Chuck was scared, well, mortified's more like it, but he finally gave us the okay to tell you."
There was a small silence before Cas practically jumped out of his chair.
"Yes," Cas croaked, finally lowering his hands and peering at Dean over them.
"You better be careful, Cas. You have no idea what that thing you're holding means." Crowley muttered, working his cuffed hands somehow to take another bite.
"Good." Dean mumbled back, letting go of his arm finally with a tiny shove. "I made spaghetti."
Dean chuckled. "Trying to steal
"Cas..?" He put the razor down and turned around.
"Mainly within your chest region, remaining in or around most of your core and vital organs."
Castiel felt like each minute he spent with Dean was another minute he was a burden to his friend. He finally slipped away when Dean went to care for Sam again, spoon-feeding him some soup broth laced with vitamins and helping to drag him to the bathroom.
Dean barely had time to register before Cas had wrenched open the door and was sprinting out into the street. "Cas!" Dean barked out, scrambling to close the ajar door as cars honked and swerved out of the way.
"Cas, I don't know why but I...I can still feel it." Dean began numbly, trying to flex both of his hands into fists again. His missing arm that had once had the Mark still burned, liked it was somehow twisted behind his back. His heart had started to pump quickly, and he could hear the rapid beat from behind his ears.
He pulled him a few feet away. "Look. We can't afford to drag
"Kay," Red nodded furiously and came closer. Bobby pressed his newly budded wings to the pillow and frowned at Red.
"Cas!" Dean screamed out, grabbing the shirt by the nape of the neck and forcing him backwards. Cas's jaw was locked as his pain-filled eyes bored into his now-bloody face.
"How's that fit?" She asked meekly when she'd finally tied off the very last stitch. Sam flexed his newest arm and wiggled his fingers--Dean's silver ring flashed back at him. It was a bit shorter in length that the other, but it would have to do. He had all he needed as long as the Mark stayed on it.
"I'd like that," Cas replied softly, his hand finding and pressing to the egg for comfort once more. On the way back, their hands awkwardly brushed and bumped against each other and Cas was overwhelmed with the urge to spread his fingers and capture Dean's within the gaps. Instead, he quickly drew away and lay his palm on Eggy's shell and Dean shoved his hand into his pocket. They didn't mention it.
like a little kid in the way that he didn't have as many night's sleep as an adult, and the uncertainty of giving oneself up to unconsciousness scared him still. He wanted to feel safe.
Cas hesistated for a second before answering, wetting his lips with a sweep of his tongue. "Potentially."
"Cas, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I hurt you. I could have- I almost killed you-" Dean whispered.
"Yeah, tell me about it." Dean chuckled. "Now, you too, Sammy. Time to hit the hay."
"Not to say it." Red grinned up at Sam and Sam could practically
"Ah, shit- kay, shirt off." Dean swung his legs to the side of the bed at sat, watching as Cas slowly began to work to untwist each button. Dean swallowed, and trained his eyes on his nightstand instead. He was
here."
"The bandages feel wet." Cas explained. "I think I've bled through."
The girl opened up her gaping maw with a loud, wet peeling sound and Dean felt his stomach turn at the cultivation of bacteria festering in her mouth, on her tongue, in the thin fuzzy outlining of whitish plaque on her teeth. God, when was the last time this girl brushed? This morning? Then, he realized where this mouth was going.
How to log in: ID：authors
Cas stroked his brown hair again. "Shhh. It's okay, Tobias. Almost over." He said soothingly. "I'm here. I'm not going to leave you."
, Friiii-
," Dean sighed. "That's the stuff. Thank you, Cas."
'Red' must have been low on energy and sleeping. He finally squirmed a little in Cas's arms and let out a few little coos, finally opening his eyes. A deep, matte blue. The color that could deepen to green or stay the same, it was hard to tell.
"Make sure you keep this on for tonight." Castiel's tone was soft and sweet, but Dean loved the way it came out as an order. "You look lovely."
a burden. And I mean, me n' Sam can start showing you how to do things around here. "
"I never saw myself taking care of
"Shhh. I gotcha, Sammy. Take it easy. Take it easy, okay?" He managed to get him into the back and slammed the door, and gunning it out of the empty parking lot. It was cold, rainy, his clothes were plastered to his skin, his chilled hands were shaking as he gripped the steering wheel so hard if it were alive he would be strangling it.
"Okay, that's enough pain meds for you." Dean growled, ducking his head as to avoid Sam's eyes. But something was missing.
about you." The hand in Dean's squeezed softly, seemingly not of Chuck's bumbling accord. "You scared me too, Dean." Chuck's voice grew softer, and it was getting easier for Dean to tell by now who was talking.
"Any progress?" Dean grunted.
"Jack is only three in human years. How old do you think he is for a species that lives forever? Honestly, it makes perfect sense..."
Fuck the human blood Sam injected me with. Fuck
"You've done this before?" Dean asked, trying to keep any bitterness out of his tone.
Chuck finally opened his exhausted eyes and took the glass.
he mirror was splotched with red, it slipped down a sharp edge like a bloody teardrop.
Dean snorted and held the cellphone in the crook of his neck between his cheek and shoulder as he went to help Cas, who was pulling the babies from their bath in the sink, the ones not getting attention and being dried off immediately were squealing for attention, splashing water everywhere. A telekinetic wave pushed almost half the bathwater over the rim to splash noisily to the floor.
The angel looked flustered, and jumped to explain himself as he sat down next to him. "It's sometimes hard to hold back my natural instincts- please Dean, I don't mean to- breach on your privacy-"
"I will not interfere. I will draw myself fully out of your conscious and observe other things. You will have the body to yourself." Cas sighed and Dean could practically hear his eyeroll in his voice. "I will comply with your 'sock on the door' principle."
, his stomach slowly rolled. Castiel's had to close his eyes for just a split second.
"Daddy?" Leoniel asked as Cas struggled to keep the squirming Red in check, who was splashing everywhere and making little whines of protest as Cas scrubbed his wings free of the caked-on mud.
Every once in a while the angel would pause just to lay his hand over Jack’s head, when at first he’d been annoyed since it was taking away from the time spent drawing, now Jack reveled in the gentle pressure and warmth of it. His eyes were falling closed as he struggled against it, soothed by the quiet, rhythmic scratching of graphite. Each time he batted his eyes open, the pencil drawing of Dean’s budding wings was more and more complete.
"Don't look," He mumbled to himself in embarrassment the first time he had to take a leak after the angel had possessed him. He zipped down his pants zipper and could feel the angel's gaze burning like someone looking over his shoulder.
The man saw my expression and dropped back in disbelief. He looked speechless, before he took his hand from my shirt and sprinting away.
The angel said softly into his head. Dean felt a warmth spread like thick honey in his chest, in his stomach and across his ribs like he'd just downed a shot of vodka. He slept very, very well that night.
"What does he mean it's a
"Why not? I think we've pretty much scoured this little area of the town. Rico's pizza keeps yelling at us when we dive in their dumpsters. Says it scares away the customers." Soloviel laughed, wrapping his jacket tighter around his shoulders.
If I ever get my demonhood back I'm sicking my hellhound Growley on their asses. (I wonder how my precious little puppy is doing. Hmm.)
He closed the door and stepped a few feet over to Sam's door. He felt his heart squeeze as he heard a very wet coughing coming from inside. Dean felt he had a lot on his shoulders to take care of these two men, his brother and his best friend. At least they were both here, in the same house. Didn't mean his job was going to be any easier.
. Since when has anything good in my life stuck around?"
Cas looked over, confused, he was holding olive-skinned Io in his baby carrier as she curled a tiny hand around his finger. "Yes?" He asked, pausing in front of the door.
"I'm not as good of a teacher as Sam is," Castiel smiled. "But I can try."
to him about it.
Cas looked disgusted as he wrinkled his nose a little bit. Dean had go smile. "Not so glamorous, I get it."
Kevin jumped up to scamper after Dean. "
Dean laughed pretty loudly at that. "So, you mean I'm just
powerful indeed.
Maybe, they just might. And finally, that word didn't spread a chill down his spine.
Okay. So
"Even after all of these years," Castiel began quietly, and much to Dean's disliking he removed his hand. "I'm still helping you unlearn what he did to you."
needs a spanking and a time-out." The three of them finally smiled a little at that.
"We had morning burgers." Jack piped up with a grin. Dean chuckled, then swiped his mug off the table to bury his face in it with a loud slurp.
Dean thought.
Dean still heard his desperate cry, ringing all around the ashy wastelands, echoing in his head. That had been fully his contribution to the dream, he knew that for certain.
"Are you alright," Cas ended his question in a hard tone, scrutinizing him with a squinty stare as he steadied him with one hand and used the other to cup the side of his face as Dean's eyelids fluttered.
The two of them waddled up to the front door, heavy bags cutting into their arms all the way to the biceps.
"Sammy,
It had started on a whim, and now it had reached a point where it was ceremonial, where the angel had released to the words almost every time since Dean had first whispered them into his ear.
"All right. Only because I don't want you getting up and risking tearing those again, okay?" Dean came back to the bed and folded over the blanket to slip under it. "So you let me know if you need something."
“Hush, Jack. Don’t worry.” Castiel drew him in close, reassuring him with a tight hug. “He doesn’t know yet, that this is an effect of carrying my grace within him. We will tell him soon, together. As a family.”
fault!"
If it could get Dean to barely care about Sam, it was something
He felt a strange pinch in his throat. He'd only felt this emotion a few times since he'd occupied a vessel, which he'd come to know as the moment before warm saline leaked from ducts in his eyes. It was not a very pleasurable sensation and he hoped he could avoid it this time. He finally leaned off of the door and rubbed his hands down his cheeks, the uncomfortable pinching in his throat beginning to go away. He turned around to bring Dean as much food as he could from the kitchen.
"Get out!" Dean demanded, and before he could stop his impulse his hand had curled around the shaft of his bedside lamp and he hurled it across the room. It impacted on the door, the lightbulb shattered, and the iron pieces skittered across the room. And before he could stop his words, they came pouring out of his mouth. "Why me, Cas? After the darkness hit, you thought you'd just come for me? Rescue
Dean's mind at first kept screaming at him
"What else?" Soloviel asked, finally sliding the somewhat dirty egg from the pan and cracking a new one. He was the leader of the FNF crew, which stood for Fallen, Not Fucked. The ragtag crew had around twenty people, were all up and bustling, some, like Sol, cooking breakfast, others getting ready to go out and greet the day, holding empty trash bags to do some dumpster-diving for 'new' clothes or supplies, recyclables, hell maybe even food if they found the right restaurant.
Tobias narrowed those eyes, and the sharp expression he gave Bobby finally had the human get a glimpse of his potential to be powerful. "You can still do a hell of a lot, Bobby. And it won't be by yourself. That's why my brothers and sister aren't here right now. They're going around and asking other people here for their help."
"I guess you didn't need those pain pills after all, huh?" Dean's arm shot out to restrain him as he was trying to stand up. "No, Cas. Hey- we don't want them to tear more. Just sleep here tonight. I'll head out to the couch or something."
"I don't feel so good." Dean finally admitted. His head swam, and Cas felt it too. Dean heard a ringing in his ears, and Cas felt his conciousness slip deep down into blackness.
Chuck met him with a small glare. "Dean, no, I am not
"Think this is far away enough?" Dean turned to Cas and lifted an eyebrow. The ex-angel nodded, hiding his split knuckles a little in embarrassment, bringing his fists closer to his body.
"You sure we don't need baby vitamins or something like that?" Dean asked awkwardly as they sat in the car.
"Just a small bowl of oatmeal, please." Dean asked, his voice still hoarse from the cough that was slowly going away. "Extra sugar."
"Stop being so cranky." Dean slipped the baby harness over his shoulders, tightening the straps with faint zipping noises. "Just try it out, Cas. Stick 'im on in there."
in our long lives!"
Tonight was a peaceful night in the bunker. Everyone had just finished dinner, and it had been Sam's idea to dig through some of the old Men of Letters records and play them to see which ones were good enough to keep and play again, and which ones would be good to sell.
"When Castiel hugs you," Jack began, then smiled brightly. "You can't see it, but, well, he uses his wings, too."
"You forgot to create the lapels this time." Dean pointed out, frowning. It just reminded him more and more that all of this wasn't, well, for lack of a better word, real.
"These things take time, Dean."
“Is this really the first time you…” Dean trailed off, looking down at Jack with a quizzical expression. Damn, he supposed that
. It's like I've chosen to make their voices louder than the others. My closest siblings are the ones I've bonded with, I create a tighter circle out of the masses." He sighed. "...Most of them are dead now."
"We gotta talk." Dean said under his breath, leaves and gravel crunching underfoot as he made his way to his own cabin that he roomed with Chuck. The two hadn't really had a heart-to-heart since they'd been sharing a body.
!" Cas shrieked, and Dean burst out of the bathroom. Cas looked pale in the face- and Dean heard the faint tapping coming from the egg, too.
in a scrapbook, Dean."
His newly aware muscles screamed with every step. Damp leaves made strange, muffled and moist attempts at crunches underneath his shoes. The cold, humid air was stinging his skin and biting his nose and knuckles.
"Jesus, he's small." Dean said in astonishment. This fledgling must have been two-thirds the size of Red, who was smallish already. He had tiny, pitch black wings and a head of wispy white-blonde hair. "Shit. I don't know if he needs help or something."
He looked down at the egg in his lap. He wondered how many little fledglings were within the white wall, what they would look like, what they would act like. And then he hated himself for being the one and only reason that these were possibly the only angels left out there.
It seemed Castiel had planted even more grace within him tonight to make up for the loss. This must have made them even more pronounced, the two small bulges on Dean's back, they had just started to split open to reveal a a glistening gold color inside.
The two of them stared at each other for a second, Dean blinking and Cas not. "I don't want to make this..awkward for either of us, I mean, we're stuck with each other no matter what, so.." Dean began again.
"It's fine. There was probably beets in something I ate, I don't know. Don't worry about it." Dean mumbled, he didn't want to get caught talking to himself in the bathroom again. Yet the angel could tell he was hiding something.
"Now you'll heal faster." Cas said softly. He had a tenderness in his expression that overwhelmed Dean a little bit.
Jack perked up when he heard Sam's footsteps, and the tallest of his fathers was suddenly there in an archway.
Calcifer laughed. "I'll try."
I thought.
"Hey, show me the scrapbook when you're done, 'kay?" He called out, but got no reply. Dean sighed and rolled his eyes, muttering 'Cas, bud, you're killing me.'
"Oh, my God." The poor man said, scrambling to get up. Chuck had seen that expression of recognition before. He was probably going to need to make a lot more grocery trips from now on.
It was strange that Dean wasn't even sure if the dream was his own. Everything was darkness and soot, and they were outside in the wastelands once again, where everything was covered in the Darkness. "Dad!" The cry rang out, but it seemed to be coming from everywhere at once. "Da-a-a-d," The voice sobbed brokenly in pain. "Help me!"
cover art is by anobviousaside on tumblr, but I did a little bit of manipulation. Her post is /46778628599, or click
"Judging by the way he's so concerned about you, your next lover?" Calcifer waggled his light eyebrows.
There were a few times when Dean thought they might rip a hole in the space/time continuum. Cas explained that the kids would have 'hiccups' in learning, and would have a lot of accidents.
Earth was poisonous. The atmosphere was chock-full of sins and evil and tainted molecules, unlike the pure, gentle, saline atmosphere of Heaven. Earth was filthy. And to try and survive unsheltered, in an atmosphere like Earth's, grace would die quickly. Within the hour, Cas estimated.
"Hi..." Tobias started uncertainly, running his free hand nervously through his mousy brown hair, and Dean cocked an eyebrow irritably.
"Well, I like Io better. It's like one of Jupiter's moons, right? You know, that might be a good sign. Jupiter was the main God in Greek mythology, and it might mean she's going to be a good follower of ol' Daddy-o. Kinda like a moon."
." Leo sniffled. "I don't want to be here anymore. This was a bad idea and I want to go home."
"C'mon, man, why don't you talk to me?" Dean asked.
They ate their egg sandwiches quietly, watching the sun rise as they leaned up against the shiny black car that, oddly enough, Jack learned he should treat like a member of the family.
Dean was not very good at comforting people. Kevin wasn't quite sure what to do with this person he just met, and Sam was struggling to comfort the man who was clearly in a crisis.
There were no goodbyes. The two men pulled a smooth U-turn and were speeding away.
he had to firmly remind himself.
Why didn't they just let me see them?
And then he noticed he was alone in his mind.
"I...yes. I needed more supplies." She answered softly, looking at him curiously with watery blue eyes. It would have been hard to associate her with the rest of the rugged Stein family.
"You fell asleep shelving books?" Dean put down the blade on a bookshelf and offered his hand to help Cas up. "That's kinda weird. I didn't think you needed to sleep anymore."
. Please."
Dean groaned extra loudly and fumbled for his phone at his side desk by his bed, hitting nothing the first few times before snatching up his phone. He took naps literally whenever he could, now that the angel babies were restless, crawling all over the place, not to mention teleporting short distances and moving their toys all over the house with telekinesis.
"I'm fine, goddammit." Dean insisted. "Let's just go the dining hall. I'm starving."
"C'mon, he even looks like him!" Dean insisted, pointing out the tuft of light brown hair, as if that justified it.
The eldest brother frowned and sighed. "I know. I don't know what we can do except wait for them to heal."
Cas smiled shyly at him. "So, is it okay that I kissed you sometimes on the back of your neck when you're falling asleep?"
"Well," Sam spoke up, clearing his throat. "I guess we found him."
Dean was frozen in place with disbelief. "So you're saying that
Both Kevin and Dean broke into a grin. "Oh, you're going to love Red." Dean said. "Let me go get him. He's with Sam."
Cas's stomach suddenly let out a loud, gurgling rumble, and his eyes flicked down to his belly, where he pressed the hand that had previously been resting on the egg.
Dean, I..." The angel buried his face in his hands. "I couldn't protect the two of you, and-I can't... I'm sorry, Dean."
"Dean?" Cas asked, panicked. "
. Maybe?" Why was Cas acting so weird? It was just a toy.
...the glowing mass of dying, fading grace was calling to him without lips to speak with, a tendril of grace reaching out to him weakly.
Sam put a hand on his shoulder. "I'm going to try and do anything I can to locate your grace so you can get it- and your memories- back."
Cas looked back at him, still clamping down hard on his teeth. Dean looked pitiful- he looked completely off-balance with only his left arm, and the bandages were packed heavy over his missing stump. It was strange- the missing space kept drawing the eye, like if the angel looked away and then looked back it would be there again. Dean's gaze was a bit glassy-eyed, and his skin looked pallid and wan.
"It can sense you're in need of its sustenance, being an infant. You won't take too much from me, Jack, please. Consume my grace and get your strength back." Cas drew away but still held onto Jack's shoulder.
"We haven't even let him out of the dungeon for a while, Cas. Why are you bringing it up all the sudden?" Dean once again met his eyes in the rear view.
"Dean," He managed to choke out before his eyes rolled back into his head and he passed out cold, falling to the side by still snagging his ribs on the sharp craggy piece of the mirror.
Tobias ran his fingers through his smooth, mousy brown hair, his cheeks reddening a little. "It's a long story, Bobby. And that's not why I came here, anyway. Have you been talking with Ash and Ellen lately?"
"Okay, Chuck. Slow down. What's going on?"
"Cas-" Dean's words caught in his throat.
"Yeah." Dean mumbled, bringing his own arm around Cas's back. "I guess it's hard work. Especially that some people are a little wary of me, well, because I'm rooming with you. With angels being the bad guys nowadays and everything..."
Dean laughed but rolled his eyes. "Well. That clears some stuff up." Sam huffed out a laugh.
"It's strong." Cas said quietly.
Chuck smiled back at him. "Probably not enough."
"I guess you can start by telling me everything you know about Metatron." Chuck said, shuffling a few papers around the desk and digging around for a pen. "If I really am God and he's my kid, he
Tobias propped his elbow on the headboard of the bed and looked down at him. "I don't know. Think you can pull 'em out to this dimension yet?"
." Cas spoke up again, more panicked this time. "Please. Let him go."
The first day he dragged me back here was the worst. Sam almost died the night the angels fell, and after Dean had done everything he could to save him I heard his heavy boots clunking along outside the dungeon, and he beat me up so badly I don't even think I woke up until the next day. Now, it was just the cold shoulder and general abandonment.
Like this moment, for instance. Dean had been trying to check out this girl's ass for some time now and finally as she was walking by, he reached out for a friendly squeeze of it when Cas took control of his hand and jerked it away.
The elation did not last very long.
Sam dropped the two pieces of white wood he was fiddling with and set his full attention on Cas. "You think.
"Oh! Nice to see you're...uh, back! Look, I have a few names I wanted to ask-"
"Soloviel?" A young angel, a teenage girl who had her dark brown hair cut short just so that it wouldn't get in the way, jogged up to a man who was using a cracked pan over a fire, scraping the egg with the top half of a broken spatula.
Chuck laughed nervously. "Uh..about that..."
"Yeah." Sam felt like an idiot, but he had to say something to break the cold ice forming between them.
"We didn't. I just made it up." Dean smiled. He clapped Cas on the shoulder, being careful to avoid his back. Cas got a startled look on his face, his eyelids flying wide. Cas felt Dean's hand gently squeeze his shoulder, he didn't realize how tense he was. "Cas. Take a deep breath, okay? Everything's going to be okay."
Dean just did it to calm Cas down. He looked at the list- looks like they got everything they'd need except the crib and more clothes, they'd already bought the socks and underwear. Cas moodily put space between Dean and himself as he went to push the cart again.
"Cas, jesus, give me a second here!" Dean shot back irritably. "My
what to do, you know?" Chuck sniffled. Instead of sitting behind a desk and trying to keep it together, he was now on the floor with his back resting on the couch, a cup of steaming tea in his hands and a blanket on his shoulders.
He once again refused to respond. Sam respected his privacy and just talked through the door.
So once Dean carried in all the groceries, he carried Cas inside too.
!" Chuck insisted. "I let my scribe hurt my babies...oh, nono, Jesus, I don't know what I'm supposed to
Dean ran his hand down his face again and blinked to try and get a little more aware. "Future babies, minimal contact. Kay. I think they were planning on leaving soon anyway, once Leo's wings start feeling a little better." Dean explained, swinging his legs off the bed. He heard one of the babies wailing from the other room, he figured his nap was over anyway.
Dean finally finished with his ribs but didn't dress it. "Shoot. I told you I was going to teach you how to shower today, right?"
"Wherever she wanted to go. If she's ever said she's wanted to live somewhere all her life, she's there." I said.
"Last time though, okay? Sam laughed his ass off at me last time I told him I gave you a bath." Dean chuckled and the loud rush of water filled the bathroom.
It was very warm here, Cas deduced. There was something very calming about the blanket of darkness, the steady breathing of Dean next to him and the way he'd sometimes mumble in his sleep, reaching out for him to reassure himself all of this wasn't some kind of dream. Cas always met his searching palm and would curl his fingers around it, smiling happily in the dark with his sleepless eyes fixated on his Hunter as he'd hear Dean's content, sleepy sigh.
Dean pretended like he didn't feel that hollow stab in his chest too.
"Uh- look, never mind with the alcohols. Just the pain killers, please. And..." He smiled a little as he saw the classic yellow-and-black disposable camera. He figured he should start to take some pictures now, so the new angels could see what life was like before they were born. The man shot him a death glare but took out all the items, finally practically shoving the plastic bag into his hands.
Castiel had written that last part after having to leave the room, his vessel had started to react unpleasantly to seeing Dean finishing his liter of water and then go on to tip back the green-tinted liquid from the pickle jar.
"I can have this?" Jack asked excitedly.
Dean patted him on the shoulder just once. "That's why he asked for you, Samantha."
Dean wrenched open the front door, and then the back, pulling Crowley out roughly and taking the bag off of his head.
The tall ex-angel gave Dean a little half-wave as the Impala rumbled away. He rung the doorbell, and Chuck answered the door with a weary smile. Tiny bloodstains were on his shirt, he was just helping a clumsy angel put bandaids on his hands after he'd sliced a few fingers attempting to cook.
"Not yet. We have to wait for them to dry, okay? We don't want your siblings pulling at them or hurting them." Cas explained, and Bobby pouted.
Bobby met the kid's pale blue eyes one again. "Just gonna be frank here, boy. Why in the hell are you an
expression on his face and took another long sip. Jack was waiting for him to speak up again. He wasn't reading his mind, exactly. He just knew Dean wanted to say something more. Something like that was an angelic perception that he could never really turn off completely. Dean either said "you give me the creeps" or "you're Cas's kid, alright" to it, usually one or the other. Depending on the mood the human happened to be in.
Cas saw the small set of wings, they were a eagle-brown and just as uncorinated as his hands, flapping and stretching and trying to tuck next to his body. Cas was silent for a second as he simply stared at him.
"Dean, I...I didn't mean it like that." Cas stuttered, lowering his head in shame. "I'm sorry this bond has started out like this, filled with anger and frustration. It won't always be like this," He reached for Dean once again, curling his fingers gently around his upper arm. "Goodnight," He said softly, and took his hand away just as abruptly.
"חיים חדשים" She breathed in Hebrew, the only human language she knew since coming to Earth a long, long time ago, the angel of children was one of the few graced with preparing for Mother Mary's birth.
Dean chuckled. "You won't be saying that after hearing those beans shake around nonstop for the first day."
"Awesome. Thanks, dude. I owe you one." Dean rubbed his hands together and licked his lips. "Finally I get some ass. Damn, what's a guy gotta
Jack listened to the two brothers arguing, muffled through the wall as he let the tears seep out onto his pillowcase.
This man was his friend, his family, one of the fathers of his children,the one he saved,
He hiccuped wetly and couldn't bring himself to look Dean in the eye as he tipped his head down obidiently, letting Dean wash his hair for him like he was two years old.
Castiel folded a wing around the Nephilim child. The tiny angel's wings were jet black among their roots, only their outer parts a snow white.
Chuck met his eyes. "
Bobby went on the defensive. "What accident? Who? Speak up, boy!"
- a very good angel."
." He grinned, as if he were proud. "Before that it was Abbadon."
Dean thought.
"What is this." Cas asked, and Dean snorted into his hand.
could happen."
"I'm sorry," Dean rasped, hiccuped, looking up into those deep blue eyes. "I'm sorry for hiding, Cas."
So far, they hadn't decided to get rid of any of the records.
Awestruck by the opportunity, Jack wordlessly took his seat and turned the notebook to the first blank page in front of him. The page was so perfect and fresh looking the way it was, Jack suddenly felt overwhelmed by the idea of marking it up and ruining it.
Sam crossed his arms as he lay on the bed. "I'm not going anywhere, Dean." He huffed.
title?"
Cas thought about running away, but it wouldn't be fair to Dean to cause him even more worry. He chose to hide away somewhere out of sight instead.
"..Bobby?" Tobias's face fell as he quickly tucked his wings away and rushed froward, cupping Bobby's scruffy cheek in his palm. "Grandpa? Hey, you okay?"
"My brother spent a lot of time with Gabriel when we were younger." Cas spoke up, and Calcifer chuckled.
They weren't able to make that their main concern, because surprisingly enough, quadruplets were a huge handful. There were all sorts of things that the humans had to consider when taking care of infants of powerful creatures.
"Yeah, sorry about that. If you're really hating it I'll pour you a cup of OJ." Dean finally was done peeling away the bandages from the one side, the ex-angel's back was like a lipless mouth, Dean only just now noticed how jagged the cuts appeared to be.
"Leoniel." Cas said immediately, playing with the dark wings.
"Maybe." He muttered back, and he felt the wad of cash press from the pocket of his borrowed jeans. "I will wait here."
He did a double take. What the hell?
Cas did not expect to be pulled into a giant hug, his cheek flattened to the pungent flannel on Dean's chest. Dean's big, square palms were pressed hard onto his back in a desperate hug. "Cas, just hear me out, okay? I..I know heaven is not a bad place anymore, and that it would be safe for the kids but..." Dean struggled with what to say next.
So, today was shopping day, with Dean and Cas, as Kevin and Sam handled the babies at home.
you." Dean growled through the door.
Cas didn't open his eyes as he answered. "I can't do it."
." Cas seemed frusterated. "When I ask what an item is, assume I wish to know its function as well."
Cas's voice rang throughout the space.
," Dean put on an awful English accent and gave Cas a shit-eating grin as he threw his arm out in an open gesture. "Ah?
"That's fine with me." Dean leaned down and pressed his nose to Cas's. "That will be the fun part."
Chuck had plenty to do to keep him busy around the house. He fed the ex-angels, many if them wanting seconds of the chili, opened up the showers and bathed the ones who still hadn't learned how, and finally re-made their sleeping arrangements. Too many of them tossed and turned from the nightmares, and some even wet the beds. It was like taking care of twenty three-year-olds in adult bodies.
"I'm manipulating the nerve sensors in your brain." Cas explained. Dean felt his touch starting to fade, and Cas made a sound of slight annoyance and rolled his eyes. "Don't overthink this, Dean, or your mind will begin to reject me."
"The angels are falling." Chuck voiced in disbelief, squinting and slamming his hand around to find his glasses on the bathroom cabinet, running from the bathroom with the towel wrapped around his legs, screaming into the empty house "BY GOD! THE ANGELS ARE FALLING!"
"I could..." Cas looked extremely nervous, and he was doing that thing were he looked everywhere but Dean once again. "I could, well, bind you to me. Our souls. Uh, together. Soul... binding. It would effectively burn the Darkness inside away, out...uh..." Cas cleared his throat, his lips parted as if he wanted to say something else, but he closed them again and let out an embarrassed huff.
Dean was sleeping deeply on his side, one arm crooked under a pillow as the warm light from the lamp on Cas's side spilled over him. The handprint scar on his jutting shoulder was glowing softly from underneath the skin, the brightest pink at the middle of the palm and fading at the fingers.
"Stay here until I say you can go play, okay Tobias?"
Dean groaned in annoyance and covered his face with his hand. "Cas, Jesus Christ, stop with the dramatics, you're blowing this whole thing out of proportion!" Dean looked up at him, beginning to laugh at how serious Cas looked.
Leo's face was pale as he neck lolled and he let out a little moan. "Dean..."
"Katie, wait, just wait a second for Cas to come back-" He pleaded, zipping up his pants again.
Dean shrugged, chuckling. "I might as well try. Can the name at least get a 'b' in it so I can keep the nickname?"
"Cas. Chill out, okay?" Dean tried to calm him down. "He's cuffed, and I won't let him anywhere near Eggy. I promise."
“Cas-“ Jack choked. “Dad’s got—!”
"Daddy!" Leo insisted this time, his blue eyes sad and his light eyebrows tipped over his big, innocent eyes. "I had a question!"
"I know, I know. Sorry. Just wondering if you'd like to bring him over later, you've already got your hands full with the little ones, huh?"
The girl with the brown pixie cut and fingerless gloves sipped on a half-empty, flat coca cola drink someone had thrown out two hours ago. Everyone was wearing grimy backpacks, pots and pans hanging from them and clanging together, the teenagers had shotguns crossing their backs, others lugged lumpy white plastic bags full of cans and beer bottles that slid around and clinked with aluminum-to-glass. One munched on half a stale bagel. Someone had to walk with their arm around another's shoulder, pausing every few minutes to spew behind a building after getting food poisoning from some rancid chicken yesterday. That was just another risk, and they weren't afraid to take them.
"Sam was not there when I got to you. I've tried everything to find him, and I...I can't. The Darkness, it hinders me somehow. I don't understand it. I can't heal, I can't connect to angel radio, flying is very difficult. I'm..."
"Yes? Hello?" Dean recognized that voice. "
"D-D..." Calcifer, the typical smooth talker, full on stuttered.
"I can't," Dean rasped. Getting fucked in the ass while he cried about how his father raised him, wearing fucking makeup to boot. He couldn't show his face, not just to Cas, to let himself be seen this way was simply too much.
"So, you found Cas." Sam spoke up quietly, his vocal chords sounding a little worse for wear.
"Oh, c'mere." Dean whispered, and indicated with a soft pull for Cas to move closer. Cas sighed and rested his temple on Dean's shoulder, letting himself be comforted. They were both quiet for a minute, the wind picking up a little. Cas shivered slightly; he was only wearing a cotton tee shirt and some boxers, after all. Dean's thumb traced a soft arc on Cas's shoulder where his hand was lightly gripping, and the tiny flutter returned. Dean was so warm.
"Oh, stop it, you!" Dean laughed as he dried the other foot. "You better not make a fuss like this every time! Let me put your undies on at least!" The baby's kicking and squirming legs kept tangling in the cotton as Dean tried to pull on his tiny briefs. "Red! Stop being so difficult!"
"Yeah." Bobby answered, frowning too and pressing harder onto the pillow so no one would have to see his new wings.
I want to feel sunlight on my body and finally breathe in fresh air for once. If only that fallen angel wasn't so damn protective of those kids. Not like I could do anything to them, anyway, chained like a this.
Dean keened quietly. He loved when Cas talked that way— referred to the fact that he wasn’t human.
Do you feel bad for me yet?
"No." Dean barked out, maybe a little harsher than he'd intended. "We can't do that to him, Sam. Have you seen how he clings to that thing? It wouldn't just be losing his children, Sam, in some way, it would be like the final blow to losing his grace for good." Just saying it out loud gave Dean a big spike of pain in his chest. He clearly clung to that egg, and not because he was
"Cas, what are you--" Dean moved both of his arms to look at his hands, but he saw only his left palm trembling back at him. The head rush returned in full, the room grew exceptionally bright and a flurry of black snowflakes swirled in his field of vision. He barely registered the hands that swiftly helped to lower him to lie back down, and he moaned softly as something ice-cold pressed to the back of his neck.
"Dean, Dean!" Crowley rolled his eyes and tugged at his handcuffs. "He chose to do that to himself, remember? I was the one you two snagged, it's not
"Casts are damn expensive, and frankly, I don't want to waste precious grocery money for my family on you. Understand?" Dean threatened, using his best drill-sergeant voice. But there was that word again, family. Dean made a mental note to stop being so goddamn sappy all the time, that Kevin wasn't his little brother (even though he acted like it ninety-nine percent of the time), that Cas didn't used to be part of his species and the little critters in that egg he kept with him certainly weren't Dean's in any way, shape or form.
"Cas, we gotta talk." He breathed. The angel sat down on the edge of Dean's bed, and tipped his head to the side.
"What happened?" Dean asked, letting the blade hang limply by his side.
"Okay, so, Sam put this together for me. At least they don't eat, so stuff is going to be cheaper. Like, no bottles or diapers or whatever." He unfolded the rumpled list, and read down it. Cas then took it and squinted at it.
"Sorry, baby. What did you want to ask?" Cas asked, finally pulling the kicking Red from the bathwater and handing him to Dean, who restrained him by pulling him into a towel.
"I swear to God I'll give you a buzzcut." Dean mumbled, as Sam's eyes flutttered closed at the touch of his cold hand.
"Fine. Come here. But you're doing all the talking, understand?" Tobias's tone was soft as he moved to get a better grip on his brother, holding him close in his arms. The two disappeared with a flap of wings.
This dungeon was damp and smelled horrible. Chains and cuffs with holding sigils lined the wall. And I was greatful at least that they hadn't used those torture tools and put me on the rack. Yet, at least.
Dean and Sam exchanged a glance. Cas handed the baby off to a nearby angel and stormed through the house in search of Chuck.
"I...told you I will have to learn all of this." He tried to say in his defense. He was embarrassed that when he had those lips on his, he had absolutely no idea what to do next.
." Kevin seethed. "Where?!"
"Sorry. I got carried away." Dean chuckled. "Look, I don't know how much you can tell from me, but Cas, I...let's just say you're the one thing that keeps me happy in this more-than-shitty situation we got going on. I always sleep better when you're here with me, and..I don't know. Whatever we've got going, we'll just...build on it. Keep going. Sound good?"
They found themselves at God's house once more.
Dean laughed for a long time after that.
He had a hard grip on Cas's clothes, twisting the cotton as he let out another little strangled whimper and pushed closer to Cas's side.
Cas finally dropped the towel, rested the egg on the bed and tried to pull on the boxers, swaying a little as he tried to get in both leg holes at once. Dean put a hand up to sheild his eyes. "One foot and leg at a time, Cas."
He wrapped Red up once again and threw him over his shoulder, Io clinging to the bottom of his flannel as he went to take them to get dressed. "How's he holding up?" Dean asked Sam, who was gently holding the exhausted baby archangel in his lap and pressing the icepack to his lower back.
, Cas saw himself whisper before his eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out onto the tiled floor.
"Well, look. I think I got some cheese and bread and butter, and I make a mean grilled cheese. Is that what you want?"
"I'm almost done, okay? Almost done." Dean patted his knee under the covers and ripped another piece of tape.
"Hey." Dean hated to see his brother so upset, and interrupted him with a touch to his plaid-clad shoulder. "Better late than never, right?"
"You want to know what Cas does with his wings?" Jack tipped his head as he asked, and brought a finger up to his lips in thought. "Geez, I guess it would be weird if they were invisible all the time." His eyes lit up as he smiled brightly. "Sure! I'll tell you."
"We'll go by friggin' Babies R Us or something." Dean said gruffly. "I don't know any of these other little places or whatever."
this, okay?"
..." Calcifer was singing at the top of his lungs, glopping shampoo into his hair until his blonde hair was completely consumed by an afro of pure white suds. He'd been in the shower cleaning off for close to fifteen minutes now.
, remember?" Cas sat down across from him, irritable as well. "I feel what you feel, Dean. Vice versa."
Tobias then suddenly seemed to notice that Castiel's forearm was wrapped up. He drew his eyebrows together and gently reached out, Cas let Tobias stretch his arm out as he bowed his head in shame.
Cas stubbornly shook his head. "No, Dean, I told you no."
"How do you know that?" He grumbled, smoothing down the purple cuts on his arm absent-mindedly.
The brothers shrugged and mumbled "None taken."
his desperation. "I do, yes." He replied softly. "Dean-" His tone insinuated
"Well, what were you planning on doing until then?" Dean asked, shoving his hands into his pockets.
They entered the cavernous room, taking the staircase down to the main level. Castiel was waiting at the bottom, hands folded over the knob at the end of the handrail.
The man avoided his eyes and gave a minuscule nod.
Sam looked like he really didn't want to say what he was going to say next. "Cas is hurting, and scared, and right now he's pretty damn shaken up.." Sam started, and then he got that very Sammy expression on his face that seemed like he was looking at an injured puppy or something. "I think..it would be best..if we found..another fallen angel to take care of them." He tried out the words, carefully, like he was walking on thin ice.
be the one to call it that," He was still chuckling. "Well, to be honest, not that much better. I mean, I've come to terms with
Dean took the flask of cold water from his pocket and held it up to Sam's pale, cracked lips. "Drink," He commanded, tipping it back slightly as Sam swallowed slowly. Dean knew it hurt his throat to drink water but he didn't care, he'd been making him do it every hour or so. He needed to be hydrated if he was going to start healing.
," Dean said all in one sigh, whumping Cas in close to his chest and squishing his nose up to the top of his head. Dean brow's crumpled together, as he rocked the hug faintly side to side. "Thank fucking God."
"Can I ask you a question about Eggy, then?" Dean changed the subject. Cas sighed but couldn't help but have a little smile creep onto his face.
"Dean," Sam repeated. "We have to do something about this. We can't just expect him to be fine with taking care of two or
Cas felt his cheeks begin to burn, he could still feel the ghost of Dean's touch on his neck. "I...yes, I understand." He turned away and looked at those bright yellow streetlamps again. He was suddenly so nervous, unconciously smoothing down the shell of the egg again for comfort.
"Do you wanna see?" He asked uncertainly, wringing his hands.
"Well," Chuck started, pressing his lips together. "They act like they're hiding something from me, maybe. Like, I'll walk into a room an they'll just stop talking." He chuckled nervously before he said the next thing. "One of them called me Dad and then just clammed up like he'd just leaked information about a WMD or something."
Cas smiled just a little and shuffled his head into his pillow. "Goodnight, Dean."
Chuck finally crawled to his feet and grabbed his teacup. "The least I can do is start making dinner." He sniffled, shuffling his way toward the kitchen. "Everybody's probably pretty hungry."
you, Bobby. You love this heaven. You love that you get to rest. But somewhere deep, deep down underneath the sweetness and the comics and the breakfasts and the dancing...you
Sam snorted, his eyebrows raised. "Dean, you gave Cas a
"Shit, Mr. Mittens." Chuck spoke up, readjusting his glasses with his another hand as he looked at his messy desk, drained teacups everywhere, papers strewn, crumbs from a bag of chips he scarfed down for lunch. "We're in a whole lot of trouble now."
"But you
One day Io had been playing down in the living room with her toys, and she'd seen a huge black spider rushing toward her, and she got so scared that she'd accidently telepathically burst all three of the floor-to-ceiling windows.
"Dean is helping him." Cas answered. He squinted up at Tobias. He was so
"Good to know." Crowley spoke through a split lip.
"Ah," Dean replied, waving the comment away. "Don't worry about me. It's fine."
When he scanned the room he entered in light feet, nothing was giving out red flags. Cas was lying on the floor, just beginning to get up and rubbing his head.
"You're
Sam was wanting to get much more technical than Dean immediately. He looked up at him like he was a specimen. "Do you remember anything? From when you were having blackouts?"
And when Dean came back to the living room, he laughed his ass off at both Sammy and Kevin, their arms full, slow-twirling around the room like idiots.
"What are you talking about, Cas?" Sam was the one who spoke up this time.
"Want to, uh, show me the rest of your scrapbook?" Dean pressed off his knees to stand up once again and he offered Cas a hand.
it really looks. Or if they hurt-" His throat spasmed and cut off his next words. Jack was surprised at how the bumps kept on coming from his chest, he couldn't talk now even if he wanted to.
The both of them woke up with gasps and in cold sweats, huffing loudly into the darkness as their chests heaved and they lay side-by-side on Dean's bed.
"What about Bobby?" Dean asked, shuffling to try and get comfortable in the chair.
Two hands covered in those same dark feathers with graceful, long fingers cupped at Jack's form and brought him in closer. Jack was the size and shape of a dandelion in Cas's hands, his budding wings fluffy like down. Cas brought him right between his pair of massive eyes.
"I am not done with my food." Crowley frowned. "And you purposely burned my lunch earlier."
"Well, here's where you're crashing for now." Dean shut off the Impala and showed Calcifer Chuck's front porch with a sweep of his hand. "Just don't be too much of an asshole to him, kay? He's a cool guy."
had called him
"CAL!" Dean pounded on the bathroom door.
"That was humiliating, a
The painkilers slowly began to numb the stinging from his shoulderblades, and had him feeling just a little bit calmer. His stomach growled, with a pinched, rumbly, unpleasant kind of hollow feeling. He tucked the bottle of pills and flask back into his pocket and climbed slowly, carefully down the roof for dinner.
" Dean called after him.
, Cas, goddammit, you son of a-"
"Get that bowl, Cas." Dean's voice was strained, and he turned away from him once again, hiding his amputated side from view as he leaned defeatedly against the bedpost. "I'm so tired of fighting this."
"C'mon, Sammy. We discussed this. You gotta take 'em."
"Is this really necessary?" He said irritably, and Dean smirked at him.
Cas was holding up his arm at the wrist, and his blood was somewhat steadily dripping into a copper bowl positioned between the two of them, with strange symbols carved all along the lip. Cas sat criss-cross in front of him, the bowl tucked right up against his legs. Dean tried to jerk away, but the angel's grip was steadfast.
“I’m close,” Cas nearly whimpered into the side of Dean's neck, his hips briefly stuttered out of rhythm. Dean's hand slipped over the warm skin to the small of his back and pressed, guiding the movements to become deep and slow again. Castiel gasped quietly, a fearful tinge to the noise that Dean was used to when they first started this, back when the angel easily became overwhelmed by the physical sensations of orgasm.
"Okay." Cas replied softly. He came up and touched Dean's shoulder. Dean turned to look up at him, still a little flustered. "Before we go-" Cas took his head between his hands, cupping over his ears, and softly kissed each and every little sore with soft lips. Dean could remember his mother kissing his 'booboos' when he was little, and he swore for a second it felt like her. Maybe that was Cas using his memories of her touch to make his kisses. The best part was he felt no pain- a real touch would have made it painful.
Cas jotted down next to everything else, and a small twinge squeezed his chest once again. "Oh, Sam." He whispered softly to himself. "Dean will come around."
Dean didn't get to see the ordeal. It could have 'burned his eyes from his sockets' or whatever. Meanwhile, he went to get the kid's things in the oven and get them freshened up before bed. Still, even as he gave the shrieking, splashing kids baths and cooked their floury almost-cookie concoctions, he couldn't keep his mind from wandering about Cas. He carried a pit in his stomach. What was going to happen now?
Dean yawned and swung his legs over the side of the bed, and he glanced over at Cas once again. The blankets had slipped lower, they left much of his bare back exposed and the excessive amounts of iron in the bunker tended to eat up all the warmth, so Dean gently shrugged the quilt a little higher over him.
The little archangel finally smiled a little, turning around to face them and shuffling his wings, rubbing them against each other. "Really..?"
"You're worried about your
"CODE RED!" Dean was yelling into the bunker, ushering Cas quickly as Cas squinted at the egg, letting himself be pushed along by Dean.
"How are you so sure that it will be a good thing?" Castiel asked quietly.
"I can provide that service." Cas said shyly. "Unlike that girl."
. Dean felt his own face pale significantly.
Sam, like the huge teddy bear he was, reached out and rubbed his scrawny shoulder. "Hey, it's okay. We're gonna help you any way we can, alright?"
Cas nodded, uncomplaining, once again. He paused for a second.
They finally left me out around three weeks after the flegdlings had hatched, but I was just guestimating.
were screaming and falling in flames and for all he knew they were dying. He didn't know, and right now, he couldn't find it in him to care.
Life was much easier as a full-blooded demon.
He swallowed thickly and curled over the sink, just staring at the silver drain for a moment and feeling the familiar prickle of arriving tears. Even after all these years, his dad's influence still haunted him. He didn't want to cry, not yet. Not under these circumstances. He needed a certain set of arms around him to let himself do that, the burning-good sensation of being stretched so full, those heavenly, gentle strokes of his. Quiet reassurances whispered into his ear.
I hated being disrespected and humiliated like this.
"I just got off the payphone with someone from the other crew a few miles away, SHW? We met them a few weeks ago? Remember them?" The girl with the pixie cut spoke up again.
"It's fine, Dean."
Cas froze for a second, and Dean pulled away. They both met each other's surprised eyes.
tell Cas I taught you that one." Dean chuckled along, until their laughter died down and they both just listened to the hushing white noise surrounding them for a tranquil moment. The pattering grew gradually quieter, until finally the sheets of rain turned into just a drizzle.
"Goodbye, Dean. Stay safe." Chuck said kindly. Dean decided that he really liked this guy.
Dean chuckled. "Right." He reached out and took the child before he could nuzzle up and get too comfortable with Castiel. "Goodnight, Cas. Sleep tight. I mean it."
Chuck was smiling at him. Dean was a little creeped out by how
"Is this when we kiss?" Cas asked uncertainly, his voice lowered, as if he were telling a secret.
feel that drive, Bobby." Tobias's pale blue eyes were twinkling as he looked down at him. Bobby didn't realize that his face had dropped into an expression of disbelief.
Right when Dean's back was turned as he disappeared into the store, Cas pulled open the door and made a B-line for the liquor store right next to it.
"I didn't think so either." Cas pursed his lips. "I don't know why it didn't happen when I knocked you out or when you passed out after seeing my true form. It must be that when you fall asleep naturally, I do too. I've...never bonded with a human before. I don't know these things."
"I am very glad I found you." Cas whispered. There was that odd, honey-like viscous spread of warmth in his chest again.
"Sammy?" He called out, quickly opening the door and striding to his bedside.
Dean tried to imagine if the egg would fit inside that little baby pouch. It sure would make things easier on Cas, going hands-free. And not that Dean would admit it, but he was terrified of the angel accidently dropping it, even though he knew it had to be stronger than the average egg, he still worried.
"I'm... kind of a bad drawer." Jack disclaimed. He felt a blush burning hot on his face. It was probably going to look so stupid if he tried to capture the complexity in front of him.
Cas once again opened his soul and felt the little one begin to feed right away. "He'll be fine, Dean. With a little sustenance and sleep."
"Ever think you were gonna take me as your vessel?"
He came forward, and even in his proximity the little angels began to stir and awaken from their naps. "And Cassie said there was an archangel?"
"I won't do that," Sam observed her curiously. "As long as you do one thing for me."
"Yeah way!" Red frowned. "
"The nightmares don't go away." Dean hated to admit, but it wouldn't be fair to lie to Cas. "It doesn't matter if you're cozy and safe as can be going to sleep. They come back. They always do, when you've seen the kinds of things we've seen."
"My house, my rules." Dean's face was inches within Cas's. "So you come to me if you want pills."
, Sam thought,
"I was not thinking that this was going to happen to me." Cas answered. "I was never of a high enough rank to receive fledglings. I don't know if...if that's for a reason.
Dean couldn't explain the strange feeling of almost jealousy as he watched Cas's brother handling the fledglings. That should be
She looked horrified as she stared at the bleeding arm Sam held in one hand, beginning to tremble.
"Oookay," Calcifer grinned and leaned on the door. "I downed two Red Bulls, and I'm feeling good. Let's see those little winged rugrats."
"Sorry we had to park so far away, Cas." Sam said, having to cut his stride almost in half as Cas shuffled along slowly.
"Jack-" Dean's gruff voice came from the doorway, then he was there, grabbing tightly at Cas.
"I'll get it," Bobby said, ambling to the door and pulling it open.
"Dean, thank you." Cas gave him a small smile before going to rummage in the drawer. Dean mumbled a 'yeah, yeah' and slipped under his covers that were still warm from his body heat. The bed was big, anyway. Dean never really did sleep over on the left side of it in the first place.
! Fun,
"Can I hug you?" Red asked, and Bobby hesitated but nodded a little.
"Uh, we're doing okay." Dean ran a hand through his hair. "What's up, man? Why'd you call?"
"Tobias?" He said gently. "What's wrong?"
Dean chuckled. "Okay, now you're just showing off with that mojo of yours."
"I was
"C'mon, lazy. And I can finally show you have to shower properly today too."
"It's only glass, Io." Dean said, coming closer and stretching out his arms. "We're just going to buy new ones. Please come down, baby girl. We're not mad. I promise."
"In crude terms, yes." Cas replied softly.
Jack looked using his inner eyes and saw Castiel, the real form underneath the human body he'd been gifted by his vessel Jimmy so long ago.
us!" He dragged the back of his hand over his eyes.
"I'm glad you gave him hell, Cas. God knows he's been giving it out." Dean tried to make his friend feel a little less guilty. The angel paused and nodded briefly. Dean held the back of his neck and pressed a soft kiss to the crown of his head. "They'll be safe now, okay?"
"I know, I know, it took us a while." Dean chuckled. "But what me 'n Cas have, Sam... it's. Uh." Dean paused to swallow dryly. Why
Bobby frowned and jabbed a finger at him. "You better take care of your brother, kid. If I find out otherwise your ass is grass."
The Winchesters and Kevin only stayed for a few more minutes, watching as Chuck seemed to have calmed down, working in the kitchen to make the large pot of chili for all the ex-angel residents.
Dean laughed as he eavesdropped on their conversation.
Cas sat down, wincing, and Dean immediately felt bad how angrily he'd punched through his pocket and scolded him the other day. Dean dug through his first aid kit and pulled out his roll of gauze, the tube of neosporin, white athletic tape as well as a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and a few cotton balls.
"I'm not trying to scare them." Dean was defensive. "I'm just letting them know a little bit of the truth."
, goddammit."
"They're...the gashes are infected." Dean spoke up. "They're hurting you, aren't they?"
Dean clenched his hand into a fist. "Okay. I'll see you after dinner, Sam."
Cas shook his head. "It's a slim chance, but it could be possible." He touched Bobby's eagle brown wings with the comb, and they fluttered slightly before flattening again.
peacefully sleeping.
"Half past midnight, Sam? Really?" Dean scolded, and came up to clap his hand heartily to Jack's shoulder. "C'mon, kid. Curfew."
"Yeah, I'll set you up in one of the spare rooms." Dean yawned, and turned around. "It'll only take a minute."
"Sam."
As expected, he got no response.
Dean smiled nervously. "Okay. At least that's good."
Sam's heart wrenched in his chest. "Hey, baby, don't be embarrassed." He put a gently hand on the stacks of four wings, and Bobby cried even harder.
I headcanon that when Castiel talks to himself he uses bits of Enochian, but mainly English.
Cas scowled and Calcifer threw his head back and began laughing. Cas crossed his arms and Calcifer clapped him on the back.
Thank you for reading! I will be uploading this gradually, but it is a fully completed story so you won't be left hanging :)
Cas wanted to hold his hand that lay between them on the seat as Dean drove one-handed. He settled on letting the sides of their pinkies touch instead.
"Hey," Dean broke the silence with a clearing of his throat like Jack knew he eventually would. "If you notice any more of that kind of thing, you can tell me."
"But he needs more hugs!" Red pouted, and Dean snorted at how it related to his shirt.
"I don't know either." Cas spoke up after Dean had trailed off. "Me not having a tangible vessel...that makes things a little more...
"How's the arm feeling?" Dean asked, and Cas sighed lightly.
he's friggin'
"Dean," He called into the cracked door, leaning onto the wall for support as his vessel was still feeling slightly nauseated. "...Are you finished yet?"
"Wow, you're done already?" Dean asked in amusement as he saw Cas silently toting the thick photo album with him to the table. He'd been holed up in his room working on it ever since they picked up the developed photos.
"Who the hell are you?" Dean was the one who answered the door, scowling at the two boys on the front step of the bunker. He looked tired as hell with dark smears under his eyes. "Halloween's about six months away, fyi. It's a little early for trick-or-treating." He said irritably.
broke?"
"Sure thing," She smiled pitifully at him once again.
"Guess what? I'm only eight pages away from the end of my journal!" Jack gloated, hugging the spiral bound close to his chest. "Well, eight and a half. I rounded like you said I could. Maybe I'll even finish it today!"
"Don't be." Dean grunted. "Only doing my job."
"No, it's all right." Cas replied, wincing a little as Dean began to peel away the second bandage. "It's kind of hot. In my stomach. Is it supposed to feel like that?"
He missed his eyes the most. His true form had beautiful eyes; polished black opal with shatters of pearly cerulean and neon greens and twinkling indigos. He missed his hands, pale and slender and unblemished. Jimmy's hands were stubby with wrinkles and ugly nailbeds. He missed his collarbones, which sprouted small little black feathers with sheens of purple and blue, spikes sprouting along the slender collarbones like a necklace.
Dean stumbled back to his cabin, feeling so emptied out he didn't think he even had enough bile in his stomach to gag out anymore.
easy for Cas.
"I mean, dammit Cas, how well do you know this guy?" Dean asked, crossing his arms and lifting an eyebrow.
Now was his least favorite part, when he had to go give the damn food to Crowley. He took his plate of pancakes, not feeling nice enough to give him any butter or syrup, and made the short journey through the rooms of the bunker to get to the dungeon he was kept in.
Cas frowned a little, placing his hand on top of the egg almost defensively. "I want them to know what life was like here."
Cas hummed softly in response, rustling in the sheets again. "Should we try and sleep again?" He asked softly. "I don't know if I can."
"Oh shit, Cas..." Dean hesitated to reach up and peel away the corner of the gauze, he stopped when it earned a sharp intake of breath.
"Much better. Thank you, Dean." He kept his head bowed as Dean carefully spread the antibiotic down along his back. Dean carefully rolled the gauze down the cuts, finally covering up the angry red with clean white. His fingers dragged gently down the ex-angel's smooth, tan skin by his spine, and Cas shuddered. He must not have done that on purpose. Cas felt the stickiness as the tape was stuck into place, Dean ripping and tearing it with his teeth. Cas watched, his eyes a bit glassy. Dean held the roll up to his mouth and met Cas's eyes, ripping another piece of tape loudly.
"I'll...uh..I'll go get them. And some food." Kevin's footsteps disappeared, and the fallen angel sighed.
"Sorry, baby bro. I haven't seen any in this area, at least." He shrugged. "I've been trying to scrape by, taking money and getting food for myself. God, this being hungry thing sucks, doesn't it?"
Dean sighed and tried to relax. "Okay," He replied into the darkness, hooking his good arm around one of his pillows and settling his cheek into it. "G'night."
"Haha. Sorry." Chuck laughed in embarrassment and rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. "Cas is, uh, he's very...
, Cas pointed out, alarm ringing through his mind when he noticed something very peculiar at the toilet. Nothing really got past him, and when Dean's urine appeared tainted with red-
He looked at the tiny, pale little face. He wondered what color his eyes were under those little lids. He tried to think of a name.
, okay?" Dean moaned in annoyance. "And I'm hungry as hell!"
Sam's footsteps tended to be quite loud, seeing he wore an enormous shoe size and wasn't exactly feather-light. The one person who remained in this house would have heard them by now- but she continued to cower. No bother. He'd find her.
Well, for the most part the two of them got along. But this was one difference that Dean couldn't stand. Cas had close to no sex drive, and was damn near asexual. It was driving Dean up the friggin' wall.
Cas suddenly had his hand firmly on Dean's shoulder. "I want these 'rattles'." He said in a threatening voice, practically growling.
Chuck looked a little worse for wear. He had an icepack pressed to his forehead and his eyes were shut, and angels were milling in and out of the room, trying to tend to him. He already had an old blanket over his shoulders, no doubt given to him by an angel.
"Hello, Earth." Metatron smirked. "I'm not sure we've met. My name is Metatron. And I am your new God."
Hundreds upon thousands of the dead surged against the barricade in heaven, screaming ripping through the air, the walls crumbling, angels rushing back into their home as well as some of the dead.
Dean gripped the phone tightly. "Cal. Listen. Feel under his nose for air flow. If he's breathing, that means he just passed out."
. Nothing had happened. Screwing up his face, he poked his fingers to Dean's shoulder again firmly and shot out more energy, and that was when he felt it. The repression.
Next came the coughing.
Dean spent a second thinking. He finally turned away, throwing his hands up in defeat. He couldn't believe he was doing this.
"Okay," Cas agreed softly. He was much closer to Dean this time, compared to the wide gap that had been there before they'd gone to sleep. Some of the angel's body heat seeped over to Dean's side, but it made Dean feel a bit more comfortable and safe, as much as he hated to admit. "I will see you in the morning."
Before Cas knew what was happening, he felt arms wrap around his upper back and his cheek was pressed to a soft flannel. "It's nice to see you, Dad."
Dean realized now. It had an been extremely strange feeling.
"Dean," He said softly, his voice the same infuriating
"Yes," Castiel said, somewhat uncertainly. "Red will go by Samandriel."
'You're really gonna wear that, Cas?' There was an unintelligible mumbling, and then a very uncertain '
"Everyone's my child now." Chuck said quietly, dejected.
"Oh, I don't have to rely on angels to bring me back to life, Bobby. I'm definitely not putting my life in someone else's hands. And I didn't die to come here." He answered, trying to reassure the old Hunter.
Dean barely looked at him, not quite turning around, and stormed off to his room.
Dean crawled back into bed like a wounded animal and curled into his aching stomach. He once again felt too lonely alone in his own head. How was this going to play out? Would Dean's soul die before Cas's, leaving him the body? Or would Dean's soul expel the angel's when things got to be really bad?
"Dean, I-"
"Yeah. That." Dean coughed, and suddenly realized he still was holding the angel quite tightly in his arms. "I just want you to stay, Cas. I know things could be different now you're an angel again but..."
I turned to see Cas with a horrible expression on his face. I gulped.
Bobby screwed up his face. "He
"You're okay, baby." Dean cooed. "...You feel so damn good."
"She's so pretty, huh? And her nickname's Io?"
gentle with your brother, okay?"
"I will stay." Cas replied. His own arms pressed reassuringly to the hunter's broad back. "I could never leave this place. This family."
Just thinking about it was making his heartbeat kick it up a notch- lessons were one of Jack's favorite things in the whole world. He could nearly hear the squeak of the pen on the whiteboard now, the scribbling of his own pen as his hand flew to keep up. He tried to keep patient where he sat as Castiel left, and resisted the urge to follow him.
"I know, I know." Dean's head bobbed from side to side as he agreed, he turned away from the mirror and met the angel's eyes once again.
"I was jus' playing dress up!" Red whined, flapping his wings in vein and splashing water everywhere with his arms. "I made 'em look like Bobby's 'n now your ruining it!"
, Cas." Dean mumbled, his hands flexing into fists. He flung open his cabin door and sank onto his bed.
Even though it was obvious it hurt the man to talk, Dean had to keep pressing for information. "Crowley
,” Jack snickered.
selling it. ('Talk about a friggin' lazy graphics designer.' he'd muttered, taking four of them and putting them in the cart.)
"I only finished the first part, but I used all my pictures, yes." Cas answered.
about to ogle at his friend undressing.
The woman's hands were surprisingly steady as she wove each stitch through flesh in Sam's bicep, dipping in and out with practiced ease as he held the arm out on the steel operating table.
Cas nodded. "Oh. Well, yes." He didn't want to admit to Dean, but he was nervous about showering. The porcelain floor was too smooth, and what if he slipped? And the water from a shower was so loud, from what he'd observed. Would that shooting water hurt? And what if he messed up with which bottles he was supposed to use? He would not be able to ask Dean about the bottles because he would be naked and it would be indecent for someone to see him naked.
"I'm sorry I punched Crowley." Cas mumbled, even though he didn't sound very sorry at all.
"They wouldn't do that, dada." He frowned.
"Okay. Maybe we should clean up before. Trust me, you don't want to get sick. One of the worst things about being human."
Dean's peridot eyes were sad as they flicked up and met Cas's eyes once again. "Yeah, it'll scar." His voice was soft.
"Hi, Dean. Before you say I'm creepy, I know, and I apologize in advance." Chuck's lively voice came through the phone's speakers. "I saw that two of his sons are back in time. I was just calling to tell you that they must have limited contact with the both of you. As limited as possible. I mean, I'm sure what's been done is fine, but... I just got a weird feeling about it, that's all. I don't know, just being safe here."
"H-how are you feeling?" Sam stuttered.
The angel observed people like an artist who would observe someone posing in the nude: highly analytical of the beauty of the human form but completely detached. He'd think to himself:
"You're the best daughter in the whole world." Dean told her, and she hiccuped again.
"My stomach felt hot because of the alcohol, and you said that was normal, but- it also feels hot sometimes when I'm with you. My stomach gets warm and I feel like there's insects in there, crawling around...I don't think that's normal, Dean. I think something's wrong with me." Cas's head nodded sleepily, his blinks getting longer.
"Didn't I tell you, anything anytime?" Dean began to collect the supplies, avoiding the angel's eyes. He couldn't bring himself to feel uncomfortable- it was too damn cosy in here, with the soft bedspread barely wrinkled and the soft yellow light of his lamp spilling out onto the both of them.
