Closing his eyes, he found himself in the halls of his palace, John stood before him with his top off.
"Yes. Would you like to tell him about your roses?"
"Really?"
“Oh nothing.” John answered letting go of the bars and folding his arms not planning on saying another word.
John looks down at Moriarty. “This tale ends with a murder; he is the victim I am the murderer.” John glances at Lestrade. “Choose to be part of it or leave, arrest me after, not before, because I will get the cure for what he gave to Sherlock.”
"Why?"
Pulling Sherlock closer he lent down and pressed a kiss to the top of his curly hair.
“You are safe love.” He tried again, but still he held himself back from touching.
"John."
"Hurts...everywhere."
"Maybe...but not yet, not right away."
"He called while you were compressing. Thought I should know that I could possibly have a crew member that could suddenly lose it."
"Morning boys, feel free to go back to sleep, I'll see myself out." Giving them a wink she head to the bathroom, picking up her underwear as she went.
So Cathy came with an invertation to the canteen for lunch...oh.
Feeling an idiot for reasons unknown, John turns to the rest of his crew. "Right, let’s get this over with!"
"Leviathan this is cab three coming in on final approach."
John suddenly laughed, then paused before giggling like mad as Sherlock pulled himself free and ran to the bathroom. When he returned John was still laughing, the sound of it filling up the room and making John feel lighter than he had felt in months.
"Right. When we get home remind me to send him a muffin basket."
"Ah yes, thank you." She said with a nod.
"I see, so Mycroft didn’t have you sent to rehab six weeks ago?"
Not a word was spoken after that.
"Take another step and I will shoot." One of the oncoming men said, he had pale green eyes and a nasty scare down the side of his face.
John was stunned. The work always came first, nothing ever took Sherlock from it, until now.
“MORAN!!!!!” John demanded as the screams eased slightly, but no answer came.
Sherlock growled suddenly, his mind filling in what John left off.
"You’re not mad because I came, you are mad because I'm risking my life, this could be dangerous, especially when we detach for the storm." Reaching out he grabbed John's left hand and looked down at the wedding ring still on his finger. "Why are you still wearing this?"
"Do you understand why he is upset Sherlock?" Cathy asked softly as she started to gather her notes. She had no reason to talk to him, he patient had left.
"Your brother will be looking in the wrong place." The buckle came undone and Moran pulled to free the belt from the loops of Sherlock’s trousers.
The Leviathan had come to a stop. Floating for a moment as Sally stopped towing and the engines had come to a standstill upon the rig itself.
“He had woken and Sherlock was high, in pain and frightened, he reacted on instinct.”
John shrugged. "They are but I can’t get us out of here if I don’t get a lay out." John tried to keep the frustration from his voice but as Sherlock caught his eye he knew there was no hiding from his friend.
"Are we to turn this into one of our sessions?" Sherlock asked almost harshly as he picked up his mug, if only to do something with his hands.
"You just work this out now? Three weeks of staying with a man I don’t even know and you only just come to the realisation that I am ridiculous. Seriously Sherlock I thought you were a genius or something, but now I'm not so sure."
John opened his eyes as Sherlock turned to face him, the two of then freezing as they stared at each other.
But with that over and the cold case not even holding his attraction he gave up trying to put John out of thoughts.
*Injured, but he will be okay given time. MH*
As he took in the man sat on the small wooden bench, a folder in hand Sherlock couldn't help but smile. This was how it was ment to be, how it always used to be, with John reading up about the current case, making notes and helping Sherlock in a way no one else could.
"What do you care about?"
"She’s been having an affair with her brother in law, the guy that visit every night."
"Yes. Talking with me and between yourselves is the best thing to do in situations like this. I want one on one sessions with you both as well as talking together. I also want sessions were I'm there but it will be just the two of you talking."
"Feel free to use it." John said as he picked up a few things off the bed and throwing them in a corner. "Unless you think what's his face would disapprove of you sleeping in your ex's bed."
"No... I thought everyone knew." John said confusing her more.
"Damn it woman!" He got out as she pulled off of him with a pop.
“I’m here, right here.” John kept his voice steady as he spoke even as Moriarty walked in as he spoke.
"No it's not. Look at me Sherlock."
“Yeah you have fucking lost it!” John hissed. “I have a crew down here with a limited supply of oxygen, we have no coms, a group of marines that are trying to control everything and then you bring up fucking aliens! God damnit Sherlock!”
“What?” Sherlock asked, his eyes on the line as the clear liquid made its way into his body.
Closing his eyes, he took in a deep breath before a yawn over took him. Stretching through it he felt his body sag as it begged him for rest, for real sleep before opening his eyes and looking at the man still locked away in his mind palace.
"It's okay John." Sherlock tried to reasure but John could see how much he held back from reaching out to touch him.
Sherlock stays, watching Coffey till John walks pass grabbing his arm and taking Sherlock with him.
John moved faster than he thought his drugged body could go. He moved into Sherlock’s space, pushing himself against the long lean body, curling his arms up into the space between their bodies and burrowing his head under Sherlock’s chin.
"But you did."
Mycroft watched as Sherlock's hand sought out John pulling the smaller man towards him, gripping him with a need to have something to ground him.
"Do you think he manipulates you?" Cathy asks quietly.
"Harris huh?"
"Do you dream about it?"
"Done yet doc?" Moran sighed looking at John through the mirror.
"We found the bleed and we got out all the debris that had been left inside. Whatever caused the main damage wasn't left inside him so it must have caused the damage as it went by him."
Not a week then, not even twenty-four hours. John needed to get Sherlock out, he need to destroy Moran and make sure to rip out Moriarty’s dark heart, preferably quick enough for the man to see it before he dies.
“I dream of this.” Sherlock whispered, his fingers drawing patterns over his chest.
"I need my phone, it's... I need it to...but then you're here, really here." Sherlock lifted his hands to John's face, his fingers gently as they touched, as they stroked.
A week had passed since he and John had started talking, really talking and this was their third session.
Eyes wide he cover his mouth with his hand as the whole thing came crashing around him. He had tried to hurt Sherlock, something he had promised he would never do. He had lost himself when he had tried to break Sherlock’s arm, having no recollection of who he was or even who Sherlock was.  All he knew was that who ever had been touching him needed to stop and needed to be hurt.
"We need to be honesty with each other. We need to be able to say things and for us not to over react. But as i said our minds are still healing, still infected and it could be a while before words stop having an effect like today."
Once he was happy with his bandages he stood against the wall furthest from the door of his makeshift cell and waited.
“I am counting on it.” John frowned at the man’s words and he let go of the suit as Moriarty just smiled at him.
John sighed, his eyes closing. "I-"
Sherlock nodded that he had heard but continued to look at the pictures a frown on his face.
"Like this." John said moving to put his legs between her own and kissing down her body while Sherlock turned her head and kissed her, his hand moving to her breast as John dipped between her legs and locked up her folds. Gasping into Sherlock mouth, she fisted at the covers at John found her clit and started to suck at it, nibbling with his teeth and all around just teasing while Sherlock gave her the best kiss of her life.
"Okay...body count?"
"I mean, no markings, no sign of struggle no cuts or wounds of any kind-"
"Do you remember what it was you relived?"
"Yes, but in those sessions I will be setting the subject of desicusion."
As soon as the door opened Sherlock stepped out and stretched his back sighing happily.
“All stopped!” Sherlock’s voice rang out over the com and John scrambled to his feet pulling himself up on whatever would hold him and then just ran heading to were the worse sounding alarm came from.
"Who brushed my teeth?" He asked when the ice was gone.
“Well?” Molly asked as the warhead appeared and John moved in closer to the screen.
“Umm.” Sherlock responded his hand going to his side as John went back into the bedroom to grab his bag. When he returned Sherlock had his eyes opened and followed him as he knelt on the floor pulled on some gloves and started to undo Sherlock’s shirt.
Waking for John was never an easy thing. The body became stiff in the night, meaning when he woke it could take a few minutes to stretch out his shoulder, his damn leg, his back, his neck. No waking was never a pleasant experience and since Sherlock’s fall it had only gotten worse because now it normally included a hangover.
"I know." John lifted a hand to Sherlock's face as he caught his own breath. "Lets go in, get dry and talk then."
"Let go of my wrist." He says and pulls free of Coffey's hold.
"They have taken him back down, no time to let you know before hand sorry." John stopped half way down the hall and lent against the wall enabling him to look outside for the first time in hours. The sun was just coming up and it lit the sky in oranges and yellows.
.~.~.~.~.
“Sure boss.”
Leaning back as he swallowed slowly, painfully he looked up at John as he placed the bottle on a bedside locker before turning to look at Sherlock, a smile on his lips.
Hearing him curse she looked up to find both men watching her so she took John deep into her throat swallowing as she did so causing another curse to escape his lips.
"Yeah. I need her to get as much information as possible about where they take her."
"Yes sir."
"That wasn’t very clever." He whispered and placed a hand over John’s mouth as he pushed hard against the bullet hole in his side.
"Maybe send your personal stylist if my looks offend you so much." He looks up at his brother a smirk on his face. "But then I dont really like the whole constipated look."
"How do you know that?" John asked.
They smiled and then they were kissing. John found his hand delving into curls now regrown though still brown in colour, while his other hand wrapped around a thin waist pulling Sherlock closer till they were touching from lips to hips.
“Nope, not happening.” John shook his head.
“Eighteen….nineteen…..twenty! Ready or not here I come!” He shouted, turning and taking in the now empty woodland.
Licking his lips John walked to the door grabbed the first nurse he saw and ordering a needle to give Sherlock the cure.
“Yes.”
Sherlock frowned. "I dont understand."
However upon opening the door to his home Sherlock knew that most of the damage done had happened on the night John ODed. Blood still covered the floor where John had slit his wrist, the needle he had used next to the hospital issue knife, again blood covering the blade.
“Indeed.” Mycroft nodded and pulled a chair over to sit at the foot of the bed. The nurse who had taken over from Mary a few hours ago looked at Mycroft then at John.
"Sherlock." John moaned slightly as he pushed himself more against Sherlock’s shoulder as the man moved from his ear and down his neck, his plush lips not kissing, just running lightly over John’s pulse point, John knowing that Sherlock was taking his pulse.
"Well this could be interesting."
As he turned off the main street and headed toward his small flat, he let his mind wander, going over his studies, thinking about his next paper and hoping that the labs stayed open over the Christmas period to give him a chance to work without his vacuous classmates. If not, he at least had a key and the code to the alarm.
Her first orgasum hit hard, her body arching of the bed as John kept lapping at her, pushing her over so hard she was sure she blacked out for a moment.
Turning back to Sherlock he took in the tence shoulders, the narrowed eyes, the ready to act position Sherlock had put himself in and the pain that Sherlock was clearly feeling as though it had just happened.
"Good afternoon John."
Sighing, Sherlock turned back to the wall his finger tracing the crack a moment but pulling back as pain once again raced through his body. Wincing he stepped away from the wall the pain easing to just a dull ache and he finally got it.
“Yeah, it’s over, you’re home.” John looked over at Mycroft. “What happened?”
“I don’t care, let him. But there are thing’s in that file, things he cannot know, things I don’t want anyone to know.”
“Sherlock?” John asked looking down at his friend who was still just staring. “Okay, I know that somewhere in the giant brain of yours you can hear me so I need you to listen. I need to leave you here, I don’t want to, I really don’t, but I need to get to the others first, I need to make sure I can get you out. But to do that I need to go alone.”
The bullet sent MaCormick flying and he was able to take down one of the others before he was hit on his side causing him to fall to a knee where he fired one last time and the last man fell.
“Here.” John started to kick back the cardboard before leaning down, pain clear in his face as the wound at his side protests, to moving back the heavier sheets. Lestrade rushes forward to help, raising an eyebrow as a hatch appears.
"I met him in the underground train seconds before the explosion."
"Okay, let me just grab our robes and call Cathy." John said gently taking Sherlock’s hand. "This way."
“He wanted us free, I suspect it was so we could all watch Sherlock suffer, knowing that everything we tried would fail and we would have no choice but to watch him die.”
"You two don’t stop shooting off glances at each other, and I swear you have some sort of magnetic connection."
Lowering his hands he turns slowly till he is facing the small thing face on. Eyes wide he just stars, taking in as much detail as he can, trying to work out what it was, where it was from, what it was made of how the hell it worked. He was about to step forward when the abyss below started to glow with a stronger more radiant light and as it rises he gasps and for the first time in a very long time his mind stops thinking.
“It’s okay love, I have you.” John wrapped his arms possessively around thin shoulders, a hand going to tangled curls.
“Did any of you see it?” Demarco ask.
"In the field, pain is the best way to put someone under! Drugs are not always available and your patient is in too much pain for you to do anything. He was suffering Mycroft; it would destroy him if he has to suffer through that amount of pain constantly."
"No idea." He stepped closer to Sherlock a steady strong hand resting on his shoulder. "You need to rest."
"That's one hundred and ninety-two warheads... And how powerful are they?"
Sherlock had been stood at the patio doors when his phone had rang. Taking one last drag of his cigarette he threw the stub outside and answered. Hearing John reply he had started moving,  grabbing his coat and heading to the door. By the time he had hung up he already had John in his sights.
“He’s here.”
“I know, I understand I really do, but you need to come here!”
"Umm." John looked to the doctor who nodded, letting John know he was okay with John explaining it. "They bag patients when they know that they need to go back in. There would be no point in closing him up only to reopen a day or so later."
His habits had changed since staying at the hospital, he tended to stay up late and wake early. Cathy had said it was all part of his condition, that patients would go one of two ways, either sleep constantly or hardly sleep at all. So he tended to be up before the sun, so when he walked to the window to find the sun up he frowned.
"This is bad isn't it?"
"I don't plan on leaving anyone behind that could come find us." He said clearly, the smile never leaving his lips.
"John?" He called out as he searched.
"Basically, yes. What they do is they pack the area and then place a plastic sheet over the wound which when on properly forced all the air to be sucked out causing an air tight seal. It looks worse than it is, but under the circumstances I would have done the same." John stood then and placed a hand over Mycroft's, which still gripped the umbrella handle, he then looked to the doctor. "Can we see him?"
"No problem. How you feeling?" The man asked standing fully.
"Don't leave, not until it’s over."
"Okay." The therapist stepped around the two orderlies. "Okay, well, he cant stay there. Let them put him on the sofa."
"He's been stable. They have changed all his dressing and taken care of everything else since you have been gone. Stacy here has been excellent company."
"Deep." He shrugs slightly.  "It's classified... you know. Anyway, you breathe liquid, so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you."
"John please, I can't." Sherlock hated the tone of his voice, the pure helpless he felt clearly heard in every word.
Cathy watches Sherlock uncurles himself from the sofa and stood slowly, his eyes track Cathy yet as John moves closer his hand reaches out and takes hold of John's hand and pulling the smaller man to him.
John makes his way down to the own to the drill room, his feet ponding as loud as his heart. As he reaches the sealed door to the room he watches in horror as water floods up pass the window, a face appearing, shouting his name.
That was when the world went to hell.
John suddenly gowled, it was his first sign of having a reaction to anything.
Sherlock's body fully relaxed then, allowing John to know he had fallen asleep. Sighing he lent back allowing his own eyes to close, the weight of Sherlock against him giving him an added source of comfort that he hadn't realised he had been missing.
"Sherlock get the hell out of there now!" Greg practically bellowed causing Sherlock to wince and then turn to the men behind him.
Eyes wide he took in a breath and just stared as Cathy smiled.
.~.~.~.~.
"I haven't listened to the last three messages yet, I will but I...John? John please talk."
"What do I call you?" Sherlock asked as the man lowered the newspaper he had been reading.
"But it is a good idea. What about his sister?"
"I will deconstruct you Sherlock, I will finally turn off that amazing brain of yours and I make you want for nothing more than me."
John had frozen as the nurse talked his eyes looking straight ahead. She had acknowledged Sherlock, she had interacted with the both of them.
John smiled, but then looked serious. "Can you let me go?" He asked gently, not even trying to pull free, just simply asking.
“Wait.”
"Ah."
“No.”
"Mrs Hudson." A voice said behind her making her jump and turning.
"Why me?" Though he knew the answer. "Dont answer, I know why."
Before long both men had nothing on, each of the drinking the other in as Ari stood and held her hand out to the two of them.
"You need to leave." John said causing Sherlock’s heart to stop, but he stood all the same. "Not you Sherlock."
"Good. Then forgive me for this." Maddie pushed the sedative into Sherlock’s IV line as John gently placed a kiss on to Sherlock’s lips.
"I caught you when you passed out."
"John?"
If there was one thing he could ever say he hated about his father, it was the fact that they had moved home that many times that John had not made one single true friend, he had not had a single birthday party and he had not had or been to a single sleepover.
John watched Sherlock load the files then watch. He allowed himself to study the man, to take in his appearance, his posture, his pain level. Sherlock was in serious pain, he hid it well, but John had learnt to see it, to find the tells, and one such tell was the way Sherlock kept clenching his fists.
They both changed, John lending, or rather giving, Sherlock a pair of boxers that were far to large but with a safety pin did the job. John put on a pair of sleep shorts and once they both got into bed; John on his back with Sherlock laying on his right side and across John’s chest they both just relaxed.
“Yes.” The man stepped forward his hand landing on the exact same spot he knew the other was touching. “My name is…”
"I'll set it up." He watched Sherlock get everything ready as he sipped his tea, he then panicked as he realised he needed clothes.
John laughs, looking up at Sherlock's opened eyes. “You utter prat!”
"That Sally out on Flatbed?" Sherlock asked looking out the window.
"Do i have to have the heart and oxygen?" Sherlock asks as he types away at the computer.
"They're already here." John said quietly his eyes on the door.
Growling he stood and walked to the windows pulling the curtains closed, blocking the light and delving the flat into darkness.
John felt Sherlock’s hand against the side of his head, his long fingers brushing his hair. Lifting slightly he pushed his head into that hand and felt tears burning his eyes.
"Hey it's okay." A hand cupped his face and John lent in closer. "Mycroft is here, and I'll only be ten or so minutes."
"I don't care about the roses."
"Need to know only." Coffey said before going back to the map before him.
"Very well. So tomorrow I will have one on one sessions with you both and the next day we will talk together. That will be how our sessions will be as we move forward."
"Take him off the sedative!" John suddenly shouted. "Take him off and give him the anti-drug to wake him up."
“Broke out the cage, dispatched the first guard, a black eyed man that wanted to rape Sherlock. I just knocked him out, but by the time I had returned to Sherlock his neck at been slit.” John started to walk towards the building.
“Look after him John. Be good to him.”
"But that is highly unlikely."
"No!" Sherlock jumped from the shower grabbing a towel and wrapping it around himself as he reached the door and made sure the lock was still in place.
"This my rule for our on going sessions. What is talked about in the sessions are only to be talked about with me here. You are not to talk about anything when I am not here unless I state otherwise."
The warmth of Sherlock’s skin on his had a very sudden and very strong effect on him, one he didn't forsee. Everything focused down to that touch, all his nerves shut down apart from those on his hand. His eyes sharpened as they looked down at the long fingers gently laying on his and his heart rate slowed as his adrenalin kicked in. This was not good.
"Cab Three?"
"John?" Sherlock asked as he gently lowered the smaller man to the ground. "John, it's okay, I'm here right here."
“John.” Sherlock finally spoke as he lowered his glass to the table. “What are you doing here?”
“Sherlock you’re not going anywhere to night.”
John cannot move forward.
"You need to dress." John whispered as he lent his head against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I’ll be the judge of that.” As Sherlock sat John stood before him then without a care to who he was with he took Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him. It was a small, tender kiss, one filled with love and pain, pain of separation, of loss, it was also full of so much joy of having Sherlock back, of having him not just for a day, but forever.
As John quickly and impersonally fished out the key, Sherlock steadied himself on the handrail outside the door.
"He knows why."
With his hand still up, the order to stay still clear Greg was just about to give the order to move forward, weapons at the ready, when the footfalls started again this time only one set. Seconds later a gun was place between his eyes.
“I…” He closed his eyes shaking his head. “I’m trying to control it.”
Sherlock felt his heart stutter at those words, John had planned to die, he had planned his suicide.
"He let go."
*We are on our way back to England now. It will be a few more hours. Meet us at my office. MH *
“Not a chance.”
"No its not, but separating them now would be disastrous. Their relationship has become a reliant one, they both need the other to get through this, so it is my opinion that we keep them together."
He lay there for a while, wondering the halls of his mind palace before he finally forced himself to stand outside John's door. Frowning at the dark wood of the door he hesitated before pushing it open. Inside the room was very much the same but with one key difference, it was darker. John's room had always been bright, it held the largest windows and it was alway sunny. Now however it was dark beyond the windows and the heavy golden curtains were slightly drawn, leaving only a single lamp to light the room.
There was one difference however.
"I... he won't want to see me." Mycroft almost stammered. His mask having totally dropped, gone was the government official, in his place was Myc, Sherlock's older brother who was more afraid than he had ever been.
John smiled brightly. Reaching out he ran his hands up Sherlock’s arms before leaning his head up and gently placing a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock’s hands found their way onto John, one holding the back of his neck the other across his shoulders, holding John to him as if his life depend on it.
"Lies."
"I love you." Sherlock whispered into John’s hair.
“Okay, say I believe you, then what?” John asks gently.
"Most of the day." John stood, picking up a cup of ice chips, pulling one out and running it gently over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock sighed, letting his eyes close and savouring the feel of cold water. Opening his mouth slightly he let a few drops land on his tongue before running it over the top of his dry mouth.
“You must be Scott.” A voice said pulling him from his thoughts. Looking up he looked at the man he had been waiting for and smiled.
"Thank you." John made his way to the side of the bed his fingers automatically finding the curls upon Sherlock’s head. Looking down at the man who had taken over his life in the last twenty-four hours he had to fight back tears that threatened to fall.
“Because I've been here.”
"There, it's just off a line of stars that look like a wonky 'W'. It's diffrent to the other stars."
"John!" Sherlock’s voice broke through everything causing John to pull his hand free and go to Sherlock.
"Where is he?"
"Fine, what are you doing with him?" John nodded his head towards Sherlock now left in nothing and shivering slightly on the cold floor (so not unconscious).
.~.~.~.
"Why not?" John whispered dangerously.
"John just saved my brother's life, it was their first date, or so I'm led to believe. So John Watson will be give the same consideration as me and any other member of my family."
Maddie appeared with a glass of water and a special sponge lolly pop that soaked up some water. Giving it to John, she stood back as John placed it in Sherlock’s mouth.
"Right, well name will come later,  but for now...trust me?"
“What use are you?” Sherlock scoffed
“Oh but I think it is.” Sherlock countered. “This is my rig and you dare bring something like that on board. I don’t think that to be a very smart move.”
Sherlock is gone.
"But you can't and its okay. We still have so much to work through. I don't expect anything, and I won't push."
Sherlock stayed. Or rather he stayed in the hall, sat on the chair outside John's room and just waited.
"Name." Sherlock finally said when he had been allowed to take in enough oxygen for that one word.
John stayed back out of sight of the small window that allowed Mike to keep an eye on those within.
"Because I was going to attack them. I thought you were in danger."
"Yeah, it's the only thing that explains the wall. It's unwilling to let you go, so coma."
“No it's not. I shouldn't have-”
Reaching out, he foolishly grabs the mechanical door, his instincts willing to try anything to save himself, even if it meant he would lose his fingers. However, as the door closes it stops dead, his wedding ring holding the door open, stopping it from locking. The water around him rises, the gap only allowing a small amount to clear through it, not enough to stop him from drowning, but at least he could shout.
"I'm not going anywhere." The man lent down then brushing curls from Sherlock’s temple and brushing his lips there. "Sleep well."
John continued to draw on the ground with his stick as the others talked, his blue eyes going to look at the boy in the tree every few seconds.
.~.~.~.~.
Sherlock allowed himself to stare at the man, trying to work it out.
"Yes."
"I know, not good."
John sat where he had been standing all day, he had watched the sun set, watched the lights from the nearby town switched on, as the stars started to appear one by one. He had watched it all but he hadn't seen it.
"It's okay, you don't have to be, it's okay."
“Why not?” John asks.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"Order's, you are solider, you know how this works. Do as you are told, ask no questions."
“Mike.” John says looking at Coffey also.
"No Lestrade...no! I wont be able to come...why? Because I'm not in London...I dont know...John...for as long as it takes...send me what you can and I'll see what I can do, but I wont be able to help any other way...you are ment to be working with some of the finest is Scotland Yard Lestrade, use them. Fine...fine...fi-" Sherlock stopped all moment and talking as he spotted John and slowly he smiled.
"I tried to kill myself."
John helped Sherlock get dressed. The flash back seemed to be have a real physical affect on Sherlock's back, he believed that the torture was recent causing the scars to pull and feel as though they where bleeding. John tried to reasure as much as he could, telling Sherlock that he was healed and safe, but he could clearly see the distrust in Sherlock’s eyes.
He saw the panic enter Sherlock’s eyes as the smile slowly left his face. John knew Sherlock’s weakness was touch. The small touches they shared constantly, be it in a case, with finger tips or a hand to the back. In the privacy of their home, it was the brush of lips, a hand stroking down an arm, fingers in hair, legs across legs. Sherlock needed to touch John, needed it like it was air itself.
"Settling." John said as he lent over some controls and looked out the window as the rig started to settle upon the ridge they had stopped over. As the rig hit the ground John stood straight and looked about making sure everything was how it should be.
“Okay, so what are you planning?”
"That sounds weird coming from you."
“Right.” Sherlock was able to answer even as he tried to control his bodies reaction to having John so close to him. “John.”
"Go spend the evening together." She instructed squeezing both thier knees. "Do not talk about this though, we will continue in the morning."
He had, had this whole trip paid for him, right down to the car that picked him up from the flat. He had been invited to speak on his time on the front line, a role that most army doctors never get to do, most having to stay behind the lines and wait for the wounded to come in. John however had been one of the first to go into the fray and fight as well as heal.
"I do to."
Climbing onto the bed Ari led back and watched as John and Sherlock started to kiss once again, hands gliding over skin, searching each other, obviously touching each other in a way both had wanted for so long. As they got more into themselves Ari smiled her hand moving over her own skin, playing with her nipples and delving between her legs to play at her clit. She had to admit the two of them where extremely beautiful to watch, their total love for the other, their true connection. Feeling suddenly like a third wheel she rolled to get off the bed when she was pulled back and John settled over the top of her.
"You still need to recover. The drug is out of your system but I watched you walk up the stairs. Your leg is still bothering you."
A shiver ran through Sherlock, his eyes closing as his hand tightened around John's.
Lowering his hand he stared at the door. Right on the other side was the man he had missed for so long, the man he had talked to when he needed to talk, even if it was just a voicemail.
"John, you are Bi but have yet to sleep with a man, correct?" She saw his angry gaze up at Sherlock but she put a hand to his face and drew his eyes back to her. "Correct?"
“Topside, topside... pay out some slack, we're getting dragged!”
"This the life boat also sighning off. Glad for the happy ending, over and out."
Leaning his head against the glass he breath’s in a few gulping breaths just as the bulkhead around the door gives out sending freezing water into the hall, pushing John back from the door. Turning in the water he made his way as quickly as he could to the end of the hall, to the door closing on him.
"Yes."
The house was a grand, stylish affair. With large windows, tall ceilings, a warm interior and stunning gardens. It didnt look like a hospital, didn't smell like one or even sound like one. The staff were dressed in normal clothing, only a lanyard badge giving away that they where indeed staff. The patiants however where easier to spot, most not even choosing to change out of their sleep clothes, or if they did it was straight into clean sleeping clothes.
“Right.” Mary says looking at John. “No arguing. He needs to rest.”
"Okay up." Maddie pulled John to his feet and led him to the stretcher that had become his bed. Laying him down Maddie quickly went to work removing the bandages and assessing the situation.
"What happened to MaCormick?"
Across from her she watched as Mycroft paced, a phone to his ear as he spoke in quick sharp words. The mask he wore so well had slipped, his anger plain as day as his tone went from commanding to out right demanding.
“John…” A breathy whisper left Sherlock’s lips causing John to faulted in his breathing but he answered.
"I only know what I've told you John. But if Mycroft took the time to come out here it must be serious."
"Yeah...thanks again."
Sherlock nodded as he was unable to verbalise anything as he continued to fight against the pain running through his body.
"I didn't want to sign! You made me!"
Dropping his gun he placed a hand to his side the other bracing on the floor as he gasped in air.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered as his hand finally slipped through John's and he fell, John’s screams following him till he crashed into the water.
"Not my call Sherlock."
"The fall, always that."
"Umm a while."
"Yeah...given time."
"Why?"
"Sleep John."
The rain continued to pour around them, over them, yet they didn't care. They both needed this, John most of all. To finally have the man he thought dead, pressed against him and kissing him into oblivion was life changing. He would never be able to give this up, not for anything.
“Sherlock, just hear me, hear me and do as I ask. Stay, you need to stay, you need to get better so that I can kick your butt and scream and shout at you, so that I can kiss you, so I can fuck you. Just one more time. Once more of everything, that is all I ask, one more of everything.”
John sighed, releasing the breath he didn’t know he had been holding.
*~*~*~*
"John, take Sherlock’s wrist." John opened his eyes, he stared at her before doing as instructed.
“I messed up. People died, in an explosion.”
Across the room Maddie jumped as she woke, her eyes wide with fear, but John only glanced at her before looking back to his friend.
This he all took in within a matter of a second.
Taking a sip of her coffee she watch the two, with Sherlock sitting on the edge of the sofa and John leaning back meaning the two of them had already put of defences and all they had done was make tea. She had a lot to work through with the both of them, if only she could convince Sherlock to talk to her separately, then she really could help them fix the rift that was healing but still very much between them.
"A car is already on it's way."
As soon as he blinked he knew what had happened. He was still sat in the conservatory, but it was dark out and he hurt from having sat still all day.
"Simple distraction. Like you said you're not free yet, making tea should hopefully keep you here."
Sherlock opened his eyes a bit wider to look up at John who stood with the first aid kit in hand and a shocked look on his face.
"We have a case." John tried instead as Sherlock continued doing what Cathy instructed. "Umm we need to figure out how to catch Moran."
"And umm...you're looking good Sherlock."
Sherlock stared, he took in the man before him, the hair more grey than blond, his skin paler, his body thinner. He looked like the John he had left but at the same time he looked so diffrent, he looked...lost.
"Agreed." John nodded. "I've packed the wound as best I can, that will help with the external bleeding, possibly with the internal if I was able to put enough in the right place."
"Even in this state you can’t help yourself."
"It's this way." The man indicated to a door that led outside.
Sitting he ran his fingers through his hair, ruffling it slightly before patting it all back down again. He was tired, he hadn’t slept in a bed for a while, his back hurt, his shoulder hurt, his leg even gave a twinge of pain, something he was trying very hard to ignore, but was failing at.
“Who?” He asked with a frown.
After surgery and being technically dead for almost three minutes Sherlock had been placed in the high dependency unit.
“The longer the better.” Sherlock muttered as he looked up at the ceiling.
John suddenly smiled causing Jim to frown.
“It might be the only way to draw him out.” Mycroft says.
"How long did they have you for?"
Sherlock moved straight to the windows as he entered the control room and looks out into the water.
“Maybe I ought to shave.” Mike offers running a hand over his beard.
"Yeah. But I won't let you die so at least trust in that."
"Hey!" Molly protest reaching out for Beany but not able to get her back.
.~.~.~.~.
"Don't hurt John." He mumble. "Not John, me, hurt me."
"Yes, very real."
"Oh but this is so much fun!"
"I am real. This is real, you came back, you came back for me because I needed you. You came back and my god I hated you, but not now, now I need...I need to be here for you. Let me be here."
“Coffey won’t like this.”
Felling the air shift as the make shift whip started to make it decent, he moved.
The marine smiled but it didn’t reach his eyes.
"I can't promise that."
"It's not though." Sherlock said as he crossed his arms.
"No, you will never do that again! Do you hear me? You will never ever put yourself before me because I will never ever forgive you if you ever do die!"
The whole time Sherlock has been tracking John with his eyes and once the glass has been returned to the table and John is back leaning over Sherlock, their fingers entwined, Sherlock tries once more to talk.
“No.”
When he first got on all the seat were taken, forcing him to stand. Lucky for him he found a place near the end of a car and so he was able to have his back against the car itself and overlook those travelling with him.
The sound of his phone ringing caused him to turn. John was already moving though as Sherlock made it to the sliding doors, but John reached the phone first.
“I will rip your twisted black little heart from your chest.” John hissed, his blue eyes like steel.
As he stared down the other way, he growled at the darkness. He couldn’t remember.
John recognised it as a nightmare instantly, but it was more than that. What Sherlock was going through was a flashback, something John knew well.
John knew Moran, knew what the man was capable of. He may act like the big brute but he was smart, his tactical knowledge was outstanding and he pretty much knew what the other side was thinking before they even did.
“Sure, I'll be right back.” Mary walked pass him, squeezing his shoulder as she did so. “ It will be fine John.”
Two weeks later John sat by Sherlock's hospital bed, half asleep in the uncomfortable plastic chair. He has barely left the hospital the whole time, only when forced out by Greg or Molly to take a shower and change his clothes.
"Yes John?"
“Not without me Sherlock, please.”
"You should change." Sherlock said as he took off his hoodie throwing on a chair within the room.
A hand gently placed itself over his and he found himself flinching back away from the touch for the first time in weeks. Eyes wide he sought out the owner of the hand, finding it attached to Sherlock, attached to the one person who could touch him. But here in this room with so many people.
"John." Sherlock so wanted to reach out, to touch, why hadn't they touched yet? He had been back nearly two months and he needed to touch. He slowly lifted his hand. "John pl-"
Shaking his head as he tested the doors one more time, then pocketing the keys, he recalled the work day now past. The shift had gone slowly, especially the last few hours when the crowd died down. By then, only a few couples on dates, or the lone Uni student, hoping to stay awake, walked through the doors. At least it gave Molly and him the chance to sneak in a few hours of study for themselves before tidying up and prepping for the next day.
“Greg?” John asked, his eyes not leaving Jim’s.
"He thinks I am dead."
*The office John, all will be explained then. MH *
"Yes. He has said no treatment is to be left aside because of money, all funds needed to help John will be given without question."
“Fuck!” John threw the covers off them both his hands inching closer to touch but he still held back. “Okay….so what did you use to do for me?” He whispered looking around as Sherlock continued to fight his dream.
Smiling John allowed himself to be pulled down, his hands gripping the arms of the chair as Sherlock lent up and closed the distance between them.
"Healing." John gestured to Cathy. "Cathy is our doctor."
"Give me a few days."
"Sherlock...look at me." John loosened his grip and looked down at the man in his arms. Sherlock slowly lifted his head, his eyes already red from silent tears. "I won’t leave. No matter what you tell me I promise I won’t."
By the time he had everything pinned to the wall the sun was up. A cold cup of tea sat on the table by the sofa, it appearence not even registering in his mind but obviously Mrs Hudson had brought it up, he had no milk in to make his own tea.
John stopped outside a door turning to look Greg in the eyes.
"Yes, Cathy explained. She said that if you wanted you could move into one of the bedrooms."
"John, you are my patient, my concern here is for you. Can you deal with this?"
"Sher...fuck!" John was beside him instantly but his attention was on Sherlock's back not him.
“John...”
"Yeah."
His face was totally untouched, yet blood ran down his head from a cut on his hairline.
Blood ran from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth and when he coughed it caused more to spill out covering his chin.
So far today five messages had been left, two of which he had listen to.
Closing his eyes John placed his hands over his face before running his fingers through his hair.
He watched Sherlock frown, the worry in his eyes increasing.
Sherlock frowned then look down instantly losing himself in John's blue eyes.
“See you tomorrow Sherlock.” Molly said as she wrapped her overly long, multi-coloured striped scarf around her neck and waved cheerily while Sherlock made sure the coffee shop doors were locked.
"I wouldn't say that, we met, you know, about five seconds before this all happened."
“Okay, so play it back again, see if you can work it out.” Mind John said as he sat next to the other John.
"You dont want to know." John hissed as Sherlock moved his hands from the back of the chair to run over John’s shoulders then down to rest on his shirt clad chest.
As the rig is pulled John finds his feet and pulls himself to the window to watch, his heart in his throat as he watches the rig being pulled straight for the drop off. Fists tight John breaths hard when suddenly the frame of the rig slams into rocks once again sending people flying, when all movement stops.
"Fuck!" Greg ran his hand through his hair. "How the hell?"
“You need to go to control and get ready to unhook.” John ordered Anderson who simply nodded and disappeared towards the bridge while he along with Sherlock, Molly and Sally headed to the moon-pool.
"Because then if this is really a traumatic   experience why do people not talk about it?"
"We waited for the kiss. Now we can wait for the next part."
Waking with Sherlock’s long body wrapped around him was somwthing John had dreamt about many times. So it was natural for him to just lay there, waiting for the dream to end, and to wake up alone.
"No, but I will because so far it has been grounding for you."
"No!" John almost growled.
“Helped you?”
“You saw it too?”
It has been a pleasure.
(9:27am)
John paled but he took a breath and answered.
“Of course John, anything.” John turned to look up at Greg.
"Are you okay?" Sherlock finally pulled back and looked at John who had tears in his eyes and running down his face.
“At least you moved.”
John continued to frown as he looked down. Why? What good could come from this? Could he have Sherlock so close? Would he want him so close? The answers came easily, because it was the best thing to do, a lot of good, yes he could and yes he did.
So this was what it was like to finally be pushed over the edge. For your mind to finally snap, to create illusions so perfect, so detailed that it was hard to believe that what was before him wasn't real, so he didn't even fight it. Sherlock was there, sat in a suit, looking not exactly perfect, but he was there, he was there and John was furious.
"You’re talking about when I begged you to do something."
"Of course." She pulled back the sheet even more allowing John a clear view of the damaged area. "They did a good job, he just got so tired bless him. He wouldn't have handled another crash."
"Don't blame yourself."
"You wont. A few days, lock us in, just keep the tea and biscuits coming."
What was clearly a vehicle of some sort floated up out of the abyss, it was over sixty feet across and made out of what looked like blown glass, its interior made up with delicate and complex moving parts that moved and pulsed with the blue-violet glow that lit up the whole area around him.
“It’s okay.” John’s hand left his face causing him to moan in loss slightly, but his mind soon became take up with trying to control his breathing.
“Your files are sealed, the only people that has access to them is myself and you.”
They both needed a shower, but for now Sherlock held the love of his life not caring about anything else other than making John feel safe, happy and wanted.
Sherlock fell asleep not long after, leaving John alone with his thoughts, his plans, all the while watching as the one person he could ever say to truly loving slept on, free, for now, as he dreamt and rested.
Today really was going to be a long day.
"John, I'm John."
Spinning he placed three well aimed shots before pressing the barrel of the gun to the last standing man's head.
"No... that is...fascinating." John's lips quirked slightly but didn’t turn into a full blown smile.
John nodded. “Right.” That simple word and the gesture sent a wave of guilt through Sherlock.
"No John. They would have known."
"So that when I kiss you again, after you have told me, you will know it wont have changed anything."
"I'm not free of it yet."
"Please, no! No I don't...I'm sorry, I'm sorry...please!"
John pats the top of a small drone sub, sitting next to its larger brother, Big Geek.
They stared at each other for a moment longer, both of them communicating without words, a skill that had in the past come in very useful.
John stood leaning hard against his cane, yet not really taking the weight from his leg, his blue eyes watched as people got off the train, the relief clearly shown on his face a seats became free and he was able to finally sit. As he turned to finally face Sherlock, Sherlock felt his breath catch as those amazing blue eyes fell on him, looked straight at him and he just couldn’t help it, he smiled, which in turned cause John to smile back.
"I know...but stay still." John's fingers clenched and unclenched before he reached out and with practiced ease wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s wrists and found his pulse instantly. As the point pulsed against his fingers his breath caught, the last time he had done this he had felt nothing,  but now he could feel it racing against his fingers.
"Okay."
"Okay." John smiled. "Kissing we can do."
Also, sorry it has been so long so enjoy!!!!
"What changed?" Cathy ask as they entered her office and went about making a coffee for the both of them.
"I thought you'd quit." John's voice sounded behind him.
(9:43am)
"Mr Holmes, John has invited you to come an see him in two weeks time. Will you be able to make it?"
"But she would have said no." Was Sherlock’s answer as she sat back down, coffee cup in hand.
“So this is new.”
Leaning down John gently places his lips over Sherlock’s, it wasn’t so much as a kiss, rather just a press of lips, but it was enough, it sealed the deal and John knew there was no way, not even the slightest chance that he would go back. He belonged to this man, to a man he hardly knew, a man already causing him such pain and heartache, but he wouldn’t change it for the world.
John finished picking up the rest of his clothes and just stuffed them into his bag.
"Indian it is then." Sherlock started the online order, not even thinking about it as he ordered their normal fare. It wasnt until he he paid that he paused with worry.
John's head is lolling against his shoulder, but jerks up at a soft sound coming from the other man in the room. He looks over and sees Sherlock's eyes fluttering as if they can't decide whether or not to open, and hears a soft moan issue from his parted lips. As quickly as he can with stiff limbs from many hours in that chair John goes to Sherlock's side and murmurs reassuringly to his husband, nonsense words of love and safety until the moans subside and the eyes open completely.
"I love you." Sherlock said in place of a yes and then kissing happened.
"Thank you Cathy."
So sorry for the long wait on this guys, I've had a hard time finding the right path for this story. I'm still not totally happy with it but we shall see where it goes from here.
John Watson was just a little bit pissed off.
It took him three days to find him and now he was pretty sure there was a very high chance the two of them would die in this hell hole.
“John?” Sherlock called out, feeling adrift when his anchor disappeared.)
Smiling slightly Cathy shook her head then lifted her head as a knock at the door drew her attention.
"Already taken into custody. She will be held in the same facility as Moran with out charge and for as long as I deem fit."
"For a man shot two days ago, you look pretty damn good."
“Agreed.”
(4:50am)
"Yes you idiot. That is why I'm here, to make sure you don’t do anything rash and You allow yourself to heal. We went over this before."
Laughing slightly, he rolled his eyes and threw a black jumper at Mind John. “Cover up.”
"I..." he paused, why did he feel dizzy? "That is..." his heart was beating rapidly and then John's face was before his.
oh dear, I am so sorry for the wait!!!!!!!
"Probably when I solve those files you brought with you." Sherlock said a small smile on his lips. "So I'll text you tonight."
“Here, Sherlock, right here.”
"I love you."
“They can't be trusted. They're turning against us. We may have to take... steps.” He said slowly, trying hard to keep his voice steady but failing miserably.
"Ten years in jail Sherlock!" John poked Sherlock in the arm as he spoke.
Smoke curled up into the air as Sherlock took another drag from his cigarette.
“I can ask doctor Ansari.” She says with a nod and leaves.
So this chapter is pretty much lifted from the script, but then swapped and changed about a bit as well as things taken out and or changed, as well as some of my own stuff thrown in.
Sherlock had opened his eyes wider as John spoke, as John fought back the tears threatening to overflow, as John’s anger slowly disappeared and he was staring at Sherlock with fear.
"Who do you have in mind?"
He had been telling Sherlock that ever since. Sherlock had yet to return the words, something he knew John took no offence to because of one thing.
“I saw him, just as he got off. He was on the cab next to ours and he looked right at me as he exited.”
John turned up the level on the pain meds and waited, his hand grasping Sherlock's. “Just breath for a minute.” John instructed.
John’s knuckles whitened on the bars as he started to push and pull against the cage once again his eyes closing as he saw the man reach out and gently run his hand over Sherlock’s chest. He didn’t want to see, but even with his eyes closed he knew that hand wound be touching, moving slowly down and that was enough to fuel John, to feed his anger and his strength.
"How do you know that?" John demanded.
The man had returned a while ago. Sherlock had fallen asleep against the wall and when he woke it was to find his head resting on a lap and fingers gently running through his hair, a feeling that was not unwelcome, but he found that he was also feeling it in his physical self.
“I’ll see you at school then.” He said with a wave before running up to his sister who threw an arm around his shoulder and messed up his hair before leading him back to the house.
"Negative. Nominal."
"Why what?"
Silence fell between them. It wasn't uncomfortable, it was nice. It allowed the two of them to process what had been said. For Sherlock it added a whole new depth to John, but it also allowed Sherlock to understand just how much John was trusting him with this information.
Holding Sherlock’s eyes he just stay quiet and searched while he waited.
The footfalls stopped, the muttering increasing slightly but Greg couldn’t make out what was being said, only that there were two voices.
Would, like the two closing in galaxy's, rip each other part causing mass deviations that could never be repaired?
"Let me guess, huge wearhouse set up, multiple rooms, plenty of targets and distractions."
As it completes its turn he lowers his hand then smiles as it dives gracefully down wall, the turbulent of water forcing him to take a few steps back. Recovering quickly he suddenly remembers the camera he has attached to his suit. Grabbing it he moves back towards the edge of the drop and lifts the camera aiming to take a picture when the smaller craft moves swiftly in front of him taking him by surprise and pushing him back slightly.
"Fine...right, so I need to tell you something about what I've been doing. I have a list, they gave me a list to choose from because I don't really care about any of this. Right, okay, so I've been in the garden, planted a rose bush....there that is something I guess. Not very exciting, but apparently I'm to make sure this plant grows, that it flowers, I don't really understand how that is to help anything."
"Then I promise to never leave, to take you everywhere, always." Sherlock looked up then his eyes bright and so totally alive John gasped. "Come home with me, come back to Bakerstreet, today."
"Police and ambulance. Patch me through to the police though." John answered his eyes not leaving Sherlock.
“I…” Sherlock started as John stepped out of the room. As he walked he heard Sherlock’s familiar footsteps behind him and then Molly’s voice as she followed as well.
Sherlock throws the spanner across the room just as John enters and raises an eyebrow.
“Don’t you dare think of leaving me, not again, not now, not after only being married for a week.”
"I tried little brother, I even started the process of infiltration when word got out that you had escaped. I searched for you, but you went deep underground."
John for his part wanted to crawl across the sofa and curl up on Sherlock's lap, but two things held him back, he didn't know if Sherlock would like it and he didn't know if he would deal well with it. He wanted to convince himself that he would be fine because he would choose it, but then what if Sherlock touched him without asking? Could he handle that?
"I had made a stupid mistake; I had underestimate a man I thought to be a no one within the cell I was tracking. It turned out that this man was far from stupid, in fact he ran the whole damn thing and he knew exactly who I was." Sherlock shuddered. "I thought I had convinced him to let me join, so when he took me to one of the meeting's I just walked straight into their trap."
"Anything."
"No, of course you wont. Fine... HEY!" John suddenly shouted, not caring about his dry throat, his beating headache or the pain in his wrists as he continued to pull at the restraints, he wanted out, he wanted to go home, he wanted to fucking punch Sherlock square in the nose.
"Don’t know, he freaked and...damn it, I left him." John said now angry at himself.
"Give him a C.T scan, check for any abnormalities, go down the route we would normally take. But I bet everything will come back normal, until we check his brain activity."
"No, no it's not, it's not okay! How can this be okay? I tried to kill myself because I wanted so badly to join you!"
"Yes. I know. But you are safe now, in the UK. You're home."
"I... no." It was stupid, Sherlock knew it was impossible to keep John with him constantly, but he just couldn't let him leave.
“No…please.” Sherlock’s voice was broken, small and so lost that it instantly broke John’s heart.
It takes two days for Sherlock to wake again, two days of receiving the cure every twelve hours, four doses in total so far, but still not enough, his body still craved the other drug, his heart racing whenever it got close to giving him the next dose of the cure.
A shout suddenly sounded behind him but he paid no attention to it as tears started to build and his resolve started to break.
"Kiss me." Sherlock said as his hand reached up to tug on the collar of John's shirt.
"I can't...I want to; god I want to. I want to take you to bed, I want to strip you slowly so I can touch and taste every inch of you. I want to be in you, to take my time with you, to make you mine all over again. Please know I want that John, so, so much. But it's not safe. They...you are still being watch, constantly being watched and until you are safe I can't come home."
“You watch yourself.” Mike says with a slight smile then turning to the task given to him.
Opening his eyes he blinked a few times before swiping at the tears running into his ears and hair.
“He's stuck, the same as before. Or he is so deep in that mind of his that he just can not be roused.”
Shifting gently she felt Sherlock tighten his grip on her waist, but she really needed to get up.
"Moran-"
"Okay. I'll be right back."
"No, this is relaxing." John lifted his hands up, placing them under his head and just looked up at the star strewn sky. "Lay down, it makes for a better view...and turn off your bloody phone!"
So waking up, finding himself attached to monitors, IV bags and very much alive was by far the worse way he had ever woken.
"I know that, but still...I let her die to save him." He turned to the doctor. "He is never to know that."
"Jim...always about him."
“Sherlock?” Something touched his other hand and he tried to indicate he felt it but he couldn’t move that hand, so he simply tightened his grip once again on the man’s hand.
“Just checking us out, huh? How come?” Mike asked looking to Sherlock for the answer.
“Fingers,” John said in a low voice, and closer than Sherlock expected it to be.
"Not out right, he just knows by looking."
Sherlock closed the distance between them, his hands coming up, one to cup John's face, the other to thread itself into John's short hair.
"I have to go...yes...yes....damn it Greg I have to go!" Sighing he lowered the phone from ear and hung up. "Sorry about that."
Sherlock walked through the mess hall, two cups of coffee in hand as he walked quietly pass the sleeping crew. They had all passed out once John had given the order for lights out, after all they had all been up for over forty-eight hours.
"So... where are we going?" John asked trying not to wince as he was pulled into another vehicle, a black van.
Hello!!!!!!!
Sherlock shivered and John wanted nothing more than to erase it all.
Sherlock looked up at John’s face, then down at his offered hand before taking it. John’s hand was soft and warm, but strong, his smaller fingers wrapping around his hand, and helping him slowly to his feet.
“Humm?”
The sound of the kettle being switched on brought him out of his thoughts, his eyes opening to watch as John prepared two mugs for tea.
“Right…then maybe we should use that same logic when it come to the two of us.” With that John leaves and heads to the med bay to check on Dimmock.
“John.” Sherlock breathed out as his whole body started to shake.
John continued to smile, his blue eyes not at all mirroring the smile on his lips. “I was just planning.”
*~*~*~*
"No... thank you."
(2:29am) Just tell me about the case. What have you found? JW
"It's okay." John said slowly lifting a hand and wrapping his fingers gently around Sherlock’s wrists.
John arched into the pain his scream held back by the hand over his mouth.
He had thought he would lose his brother to drugs, to the high that even up to a week ago he knew Sherlock was fighting against. It was why he has sought out Greg Lestrade, why he had told the DI to let Sherlock help on a case, letting the man know that Sherlock was clean and reliable. It had worked, the temptation of finding that high had lowered and Sherlock threw himself into the case, a double murder that Mycroft was sure Sherlock had solved in minutes, but they had lost the suspect and that was why Sherlock had been on that train.
"Right." John nodded and doctor Ansari smiled slightly.
"Not much longer." John said as he reached the end of the room and opened up another hatch. This led to a dead in room once again full of floating dead.
John automatically reaches out, his years of living with Sherlock causing him to grab his wrist and gently pull so that Sherlock didn’t end up pulling out his hair.
“Let him go. Right now!” John orders, his voice just as strong as Coffey’s. He sees Schoenick react to the order but holds still till Coffey nods.
"Tell me John, will you use his name just as he used yours?"
"No John, thank you."
Sherlock turned slightly towards John but the movement seemed to cause pain as he suddenly arched off the bed with a scream.
"Hey Mark. Can I use the phone?"
"John what is happening? Is this still MaCormick?" Sherlock reached out grabbing Johns wrist pulling him closer. "John, my mind...it's...slow, please just tell me."
He led Sherlock to the bathroom, lowering him to the chair by the bath. “I just need to grab my bag.”
"Penicillin and all other painkillers will run out in less than a week if you both continue to take them the way you have been." Maddie sighed and stood slowly from the small medical fridge placed on the floor.
John's eyes widened as one of the men stepped forward and aimed his gun at Sherlock.
"He left me to die." Moran spoke and John turned as he let Maddie back in the room. "Hot desert, gunshot wound to the stomach, the good doctor left me to die without so much as a backwards glance."
John looked back to Cathy who gave a small smile then left.
Once Mike was finished he turned to John with a sad look.
"I see. Very well. But might I suggest a change of clothes and a wash?"
"Why fix him if all you wish to do is to cause more damage later? I would rather let him die."
"Me?"
"I'm here."
John smiled through his tears as he clung to Sherlock’s shirt. He felt an idiot, felt like he should be stronger than this, Sherlock needed him to be strong but at the first hurdle John fell in spectacular fashion.
"And yet she has been totally drained of blood."  Sherlock muttered as he stood then turned to John.
Trusting that John would guide him safely up the stairs, Sherlock let John lead the way, all the while wondering what it was that made him trust John so quickly.
"It isn't about Sherlock, John, it is about you."
So when a hand landed on John's upper arm he wasn’t at all surprised when Moran spoke.
"You did well today."
The new boy wasn’t as stupid as the rest of them, and he was also an artist if what he could draw in dirt, with a stick, was anything to go by. Because there, on the ground, was a detailed picture of a bird, an owl, with its wings folded sitting on a branch, with leaves all around it and an open book placed next to it and written on the pages was ‘Hello, I’m John Watson, nice to meet you’.
John took in a breath before slowly letting it out.
"Bloody Mycroft and his damn secrets act."
No answer came as he walked out the door and into the hall. He was just half way to the coffee machine when he had to stop. His heart was racing, his breathing shallow but he had no reason to why he was going into a sudden panic attack.
"John, you need to breath slow and steady for me." Ordered the nurse as she placed the tablet down, her recording of his vitals forgotten. "Why are you panicking John?"
When he woke it was to light fall breaking through the curtins. He felt warm, safe, and though it had only been a few hours he felt better.
"Well yeah. So not only am I helping you here, I'm also a huge help when it comes to you thinking?"
“Not really John.”
Sherlock sighed, a good sign, before he pushed himself up of the floor slightly and crawled towards the cage. When he was close enough John reached out grabbed Sherlock’s arm and pulled him till he was resting against the bars.
"John you must understand the damage this could do. You are not fully recovered and-"
"This is weird." John said as Sherlock started to walk up the stairs but stopped to look at John.
Pulling on a jumper John looked himself over in the mirror happy with the finished product. He really had been a mess when he got home, not only covered in blood but soot as well. His hair had been more black than blonde, his clothes ripped and covered in, well it was unsalvageable, so into the bin it went.
"Fun? I've kill five, possibly six of your men and you think this fun!"
As they made their way through the deserted halls John continued to struggle, but he also looked around, taking in everything as they made their way from what must have been the fourth floor down to the second.
“Get out, all of you.” John orders and watches as the hospital staff leave, Sherlock hand calmed down now, there was no need for them.
"Then we can only make him as comfortable as possible."
“What about O-2?”
“Try and sleep.”
More serious now Sherlock says "I told you I'd try not to leave. I love you."
As John watched Sherlock, taking in the colour of his eyes, trying to name each and every colour he saw he tried to remember what had happened. He knew it was bad because they dont sedate here unless you are harming yourself or others. Since being here had had never tried to hurt himself, he had only hurt other's when ever they touch him.
“Look in the top right.” Mycroft instructed and John tore his eyes away from himself and Sherlock just as the first paramedic crew came on board.
Stepping out of the room Cathy headed back to her office to write up her notes and set out their schedule.
"Sherlock...William."
Sherlock fiddles with his lights, hitting the helmet a few times as he tries his coms.
Contact between the two of them seemed to be a very crucial thing. This was good in one sense, but she saw it being a problem if they both became too dependant on it.
“And if he does I will wake you also.”
"Young girl found strangled. Sounds like a crime of passion so I have got him to check out boyfriends, girlfriends. Apparently she had a string of people." As he spoke John couldn't help but smile as Sherlock talked at his usual hundred mile a minute.
Maddie looked wide eyed at John but he turned back to Moran.
“Doesn't mean you had to marry him.” Sally countered as she continued working. Across the pool Molly listens with a smile, knowing the story well but not commenting as she continues to watch over Sherlock using Little Geek’s eyes.
John quickly relayed the address and all the information the police needed then he demand to be put through to Lastrade.
"Yes." He answered.
“Sherlock, just listen to my voice.” He ached to touch, to reach out and sooth away the creases on Sherlock’s forehead. “You are safe, you are safe and loved and I’m right here Sherlock.”
"Why did he call?"
Laughing, Sherlock turns to John, his face bright with a smile that John returned. Standing he nods then heads after the water snake, the sound of several footsteps following him.
"You sit through the first three with out a single remark, but come to the original and you can not help yourself." John smiled as he sat back on the sofa after placing his plate on the coffee table, Sherlock’s arm automatically lifting allowing John to return to his position against Sherlock’s side.
Reaching his room he threw the door open and pulled off his jumper and shirt before stepping into his shower, turning it on not caring that he still wore his trouser, shoes and socks.
"Fine." He heard John say before the doctor closed the door and turned to Sherlock fully.
"So what is the plan for John?"
John knew the move was to keep him in control, he had the upper hand, had the chance to either carry on or to pull away.
“I added a little something to the solution.” James said as he came to stand next to John’s cage. “The pleasure lasts only a few minutes, it is then replaced by something so much better, it allows the nerve endings to wake up fully, to feel everything.”
John had insisted that they visit Barts before going home, he wanted Sherlock to have his back looked at, even though Sherlock had informed John that he had experinced worse.
“Just a few more blocks. It’s on Baker Street.”
“Let me know when it passes,” John quietly as he held Sherlock in his arms.
Long chapter...it also feels like I'm close to the end of this, let me know what you think.
"This is us. We're just on the edge of the Cayman Trough. The Montana is here, on its side, three hundred meters away and seventy metres below us. We think she slid down the wall, and lodged against this outcropping."
“Yes.” John crouched down to looking at Moriarty, curled up on his side, blood staining his collar, and face though it was now dry and cracked slightly. “Time to wake up spider.”
"We dont really care." John said as he looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, his smile bright and beautiful just as it should be.
"No I killed you! I remember that, I...I..." He stepped back, his eyes looking around the small cell that had been his prison. He needed something, he needed someone.
Safe? Lies, it was a lie, all of it.
“You are not broken, you are healing and it will all come back, it will just take time.”
John slowly nods his hand coming up to pulls Anderson’s head to him in a hug as the younger man’s voice broke.
"John-"
It took thirty years.
.~.~.~.~.
“John.”
"Yes, now John!" Sherlock cried out as John pushed into him, his cock leaking as John went deeper and deeper until he was fully sheathed.
"So just try not to move and I'll check you over."
“Lock, stay away from that guy. I mean it.” His voice was soft, the plea clear to hear. Sherlock looked down at him, those amazing eyes searching his. “Please. I don’t trust him.”
A little bit of mind palace in this one :) x x
He like the tube better simply because there was less risk of some idiot setting of a firework near him, so on the fifth of November a night that landed on a Friday he found himself rammed into an underground car heading for Bakerstreet, a journey that would take fifteen minutes.
Sherlock’s lips were soft, slow and oh so addictive as he started to kiss John, John of course kissed back but allowed Sherlock to lead, to have control.
"And when we find him he will hope Mycroft got to him first."
“Explain.” John says closing the file to look at the brothers.
Sherlock was in pure hell. His body was on fire, the source the wound in his stomach. It was like he had liquid fire running through his veins and he needed it to be put out.
"No." Sherlock said his eyes narrowing as the first orderly stepped forward. "Don't."
The phone lit up fully once again as an incoming call came through. Picking it up he stared at the number, knowing it belonged to the phone John was using.
Using mirrors and with a hell of a lot of pain meds he was able to extract the bullet as well as a few scraps of fabric, he just hoped he got all of it.
John would wake soon, to find himself restrained to a bed.
As the credits rolled Sherlock stretched out his arms then looked down at John who had placed a pillow over Sherlock’s legs and had fallen asleep there. Sherlock had been tracing patterns over John’s shoulder or running his fingers through his hair while he had slept, loving the fact that he could do such things without feeling any guilt.
"You know I dont believe that for a second." John said as he shuffled closer to Sherlock allowing him to wrap an arm around Sherlock’s middle and place his head on his chest.
Sitting down hard on the chair next to the bed Sherlock just let himself look, let himself soak in the man before him, because no matter what state he was in he was still John Watson.
“Yep.”
“Before the train, I was investigating a murder, before that a bombing, and before that a high value robbery, I deemed that all of these had some sort of link and that link is Moriarty.” Sherlock took in a breath when he was done, a wince again on his face, his hands grasping at the covers over his stomach.
"I told you to stay asleep." John whispered.
"I would have because what you feel is a twin to how I feel about you. I have loved you for so long, have tried to protect you in any way I could. I would have jumped either way that day, even without the safe landing."
"Lestrade, get her to Molly. She needs to be fully cleaned and inspected and I wouldn't trust anyone other than Molly to do the job."
"Yes." Sherlock nodded. "You kept my coat."
“I see.” John’s eyes moved over him before looking back into his eyes. “Well I’m here for the conference, I’m a speaker for one of the seminars.”
Rather than an answer, he felt Sherlock’s lips on his neck and a shiver run down his spine.
They were silent for a bit, just staring at each other as they just continued to breath, all the while more blood escaped the man's mouth.
“Fine.” Sally turned walking away with Philip close behind her.
"Bedroom." Cathy left, yelling down the hall for help as she did so.
In the time since they had put Sherlock back onto the bed John had dozed for about an hour. But other than that he had been awake, holding Sherlock's hand, brushing his hair, giving him a bed bath as well as assisting with changing all bandages and assessing his wounds, which were healing but taking their time in doing so.
"I still don't feel like me."
Breathing became hard all of a sudden.
Sherlock watches as Coffey clenches his fist, then takes in the sweat covering Coffey’s skin, even though the temperature of the room was low, causing most to put on more layers to keep warm.
"I don't know." He whispered.
John woke with a start, his eyes wide and alert in seconds as he assessed his surroundings and trying to work out what woke him.
“This is none of your concern gentlemen.” Coffey said as he stood on the other side of the table, one hand clenched at his side while the other rested behind his back.
"Tea?" He asks as he fills the kettle.
John looked her way then and sighed.
They held each other’s eyes for a time, just looking, searching, trying to understand who the other was.
"Your room. Your bed...sleep...come on." John entered the room without waiting and before Sherlock even crossed the threshold he had fallen on the bed face first, his arms moving under the pillow.
“John please… Oh god, please stop…no….stop….STOP!!!!!!” With this John realised Sherlock was dreaming, his torment not ending with sleep, only continuing, an endless cycle that he couldn’t escape.
John paused closing his eyes for a moment trying to work out what to tell him.
"I'm here Sherlock. I'm real, you came home, returned to me and...and you're safe. Please just remember you are safe."
Keeping quite through the procedure he tried a few times to open his eyes but after achieving nothing more than a few millimetres of light he gave up and instead ran inventory on his body.
"Yes and our next step would have been to have his anchor, you, to leave him for short periods of time when others came to see him. But instead you left him to face his sister alone."
"High profile killings in Afghanistan. Some influential trib leaders where killed, the weapon none army issue but definitely a sniper."
“Yeah, calmed me down, helped me get my breathing back under control.”
Stepping up to them both she ran a gentle hand down Sherlock arm.
“It hurt John.” Sherlock whispered, his voice still very broken, but John knew he was awake.
"Why? Because you ordered it of me?"
"This not healthy Miss Carter." Mycroft said  as he straightened his suit and looked over at her as she took in the two men on the bed.
“Brace yourself. We've got about 12 hours’ worth if we close off the sections we're not using.”
Curling up he took note of the blanket placed over him, of a pillow placed under his head and then the smell of tea, it was that, that sent him over the edge. Tears started to fall silently so he pushed his face deeper inton the pillow to hide himself from the voices.
"When...if...no when, when we get out of here, then what?"
"That is not funded on the NHS."
Sherlock’s eyes darted up to watch John as the smaller man finished making the tea then bringing two mugs from the open kitchen, placing one on the coffee table and walking towards Sherlock with the other.
"Sounds like a plan." John said looking about a moment before plugging in the headset and placing the headphones over his ears. "Can you tell me what the hell else is going in Greg? These marines are on fucking tender hooks and the crew are feeling it."
"You keep saying safe, I'm not safe John. They have me is some god awful cell, its cold, dirty and it stinks!"
"What?" John asked with a smile.
"When did it start?" He asked as he eyed the food but only took the coffee from the tray.
“Please! Just one hit, just…. anything, heroin, you can get me heroin.”
“Who?” He frowned, not catching her reference.
"It's gone quiet." The man said turning his head slightly.
Taking a breath he picked up his phone and glared as the clock showed it to three in the morning.
"John?" Sherlock tried, his voice soft, gentle. It caused John to still, his eyes fluttering slightly yet not opening.
He knew that on the otherside of the door lay the cure to his pain, the medication that had helped keep part of him awake, that helped him to sort through his thoughts even as they dulled him. It was a a huge contradiction really, they helped but they didn't.
"I know now."
John didnt let Sherlock’s words comfort him, he knew what he did was wrong, especially to Sherlock, Sherlock who had suffer so much all ready, who had been tortured and raped countless of times. He didn't need that same treatment from John.
"Sherlock." Cathy said gently as she came closer yet stayed behind John.
"May I?"
“No, I mean it. Those marines aren't telling us anything.” Molly sighed and lent against the wall as her arms crossed a frown creasing her forehead. “Something big is going on.”
“Looks like he hit you pretty hard, you’ll have a nasty bruise, and you also hit the back of your head. Would you let me see how bad it is?”
"And did you both come to an agreement."
Hey guys, another chapter for you lovely people :D
John's voice had changed as he spoke, it became cold, almost dead.
"Of course. I will arrange everything, a car will be waiting for you when you are ready."
"John, he collapsed." Sherlock answered not taking his eyes from his brother.
The cup slowly made it's ways to Sherlock’s lips and with a sigh Sherlock took a tentative sip, his eyes closing briefly. John knew Sherlock always liked his tea heavily laced with sugar but normally kept his milk to minimum. However the combination of sugar and milk would help with weakness Sherlock would be feeling after his ordeal.
“K, you too.” John shifted again this time wrapping a hand around Sherlock’s arm, again making sure not to cause any discomfort but clearly wanting to be close.
"This was a knife." John stated as he slowly brought the hand closer to his face.
"Easy Mr Holmes." She tried to reassure with a hand to his arm. "John is in a very unstable state. He has shut himself so far down that his reactions are that of someone only willing to protect themsleves."
Slowly John started to move, a sigh escaping Sherlock before he cried out again and again and again as John started to fuck him.
"I...well you fell asleep, Mycroft was here and so I went for my coffee. I only got as far as the main hall when I had a full blown panic attack."
(4:45am)
“Nothing to do with me.” John said with a smile as he pulled the jumper on.
"I...fine...trust a man I've never met."
"So, you are the famous John Watson. Sherlock here has said nothing other than your name in the last few days. He screams it, prays with it, begs with it. Always your name. You must mean a great deal to him."
"I will notify you John." This from Mary as she noted down Sherlock’s stats.
"John, it's been over twenty-four hours since either of us slept, we are both hungry, tired, drained and probably not ready to deal with this right now."
"Ok, I...I need to find someone. I'll be right back."
"But never with John."
Once there they both turned on her, kissing her lips, he neck her chest her stomach as they stripped her of her last bits of clothing.
Back with the warhead Coffey lets out a breath as he pulls his hand out from around his back reviling the Sig Sauer and placing it with shaking hands onto the table as he took in deep steadying breaths.
John winced at the sound Sherlock tried to hold back as he finally stood, not reaching his full height as his body had him curl slightly into himself, protecting the area damaged as much as possible.
"Watson you fucking prick you never could stand up..."
“Then why hasn't he made a move already?” John asked looking down at him.
"Why? What is the point? He doesn't listen to them."
(4:46am)
“It’s nice to know your language hasn’t improved much since we split up.” Sherlock said from behind him.
The smile dropped and he shook his no. “No, I… no. I can’t, I won’t do that again.”
"How you feeling?" John asked softly as he led his head back down and closed his eyes again.
John felt tears burn his eyes even as he smiled. "Still deducing?"
Looking up, John smiled at Maddie the looked higher up to the ceiling where a camera was concealed, but he had spotted them all only minutes after he had first entered the room.
“John he will work it out.”
"Hi there."
.~.~.~.~.
“How does he do that?” The nurse asked as they gently led Sherlock back down and pulled the covers up over him.
"Was it bad?" He asked starting to pull back.
John nodded and then let the nurse leave with all the dirty bandages, clothing and bedding.
Inside the room was a man and a woman. The woman was dressed in a nurse’s uniform, but it was dirty and as she looked up John saw fear in her eyes.
"Com-check, everybody. Flatbed, you on line?" Sherlock asks as he manoeuvres Cab One through the water.
"So eager John! Anyone would think you love the man."
"Damn it." John reached out and adjust a drip, allowing it to flow faster. Seconds later the pain stared to ease but it was still very much there.
"Sounds interesting."
"We can not talk about it."
"Windows, I couldn't see out of them though they are frosted and from what I could see they are sealed shut."
It was his fourth day in his new home that he first met children his age, playing by the stream a little way down from him house. He stood watching them as they threw stones into the water, laughing and chasing around after each other as they enjoyed the afternoon sun.
Sherlock shifted on the bed wincing with every movement but not stopping till he was sat up his hand reaching out to John, who just stood and closed the small distance between them, sitting on the bed and allowing Sherlock to take his hand and then letting his head fall forward to lean on John's shoulder.
"Again." Sherlock demanded as he lifted his hand and placed it at the back of John's neck, pulling him down and kissing him again, this time opening his mouth slightly to which John took full advantage, delving his tongue inside.
Before moving he looked up to find the pale boy watching him. Smiling John waved, causing the boy to hide behind his book. Frowning John lowered his hand, shrugged and went on to find the others.
"Yes, but you never paid for it. So I go where ever it is the guys holding the pink slip tell me to go."
"I know, an army doctor is not someone to put themselves first. But there is more. John has just told me he feels as though he has succeeded in killing himself. He feels dead, he has no need for anything, he has no need to eat or drink, he can not even feel the pain of his wrists. I worry for him now because if what I have seen today is correct then John will just let himself waste away."
Sherlock nodded then on the count of three he pushed off the bed as John helped him.
"Leviathan, this is Explorer, over." Greg’s voice came over the loud con system as John was on his own while the rest of the crew went about securing the rig. Picking up the mic John hit a switch and replied.
“I’m okay John.” Sherlock said as he slowly lowered himself down.
"Ask the question."
"John does that."
"No." Cathy said as she stood. Walking around the table between them she stopped and crouched down before John.
Slowly allowing his eyes to open, hoping to not to alert anyone to the fact he was awake he took in the silhouette of Mycroft, Lestrade and probably his doctors through the glass of the door to his room. John’s outline was missing.
He knew she was right, his normal responce on the tip of his tongue.
“Shame.” He heard Sherlock sigh causing his stomach to flip in a way it hadn’t in a very long time.
“Can I?” Is all John asks.
"I know, but at the time...I don't ever wish to see you in pain brother mine."
(See the end of the chapter for
"He's tired, a little bruised but no other injury to report at the moment."
John took in a few calming breaths himself and turns back to Dimmock. "Okay, you stay here, I'll carry on and see if I can find...anyone. I'll be in constant communication with you, okay?"
Closing his eyes he replayed the events, the touching and kissing. The exploring of each others skin and scars, the soft gently orgasm that had taken place with John's using his hand, then the clean up and the cuddles that had seen Sherlock fall asleep on John's chest listening to his steady heart beat.
"Its okay. You did the best you can." The paramedic offered a reasurring smile. "As first dates go, that's all you can do."
“I’m here.” John’s hand returned to him, this time to his face. “Can you open your eyes for me?”
Ouch....but trust
Sherlock looks at him seriously for a moment before turning away and heading back to Cab One.
Everything stilled.
“Hey, Sherlock, you reading me? Over.”
"Like this?" Sherlock asked shifting his hips again, the friction caused sending shivers through John's body.
"That...that is not what happened." Sherlock’s voice was soft almost a whisper, as though he didn't want to admit to how he had been caught by MaCormick in the first place.
It and its crew had been drafted in by the main land government to help with a rescue mission involving a none responding sub.
"Day or night?" Sherlock asked suddenly as his eyes opened slightly.
The last time, John had nearly done what he had before, but in the end Sherlock had done it to himself. He had started to pull his IV lines free and then went to sit up, at that point he screamed and fell back onto the bed as he clutched as his stomach, tears streaming down his face. Just before he passed out John had taken hold of his hand and held it tightly, as Sherlock screamed again and then promptly went out like a light.
"Me and Moran have a history."
"William." John whispered causing a visible reaction in Sherlock as he went totally still. "Don't stop breathing Sherlock."
“I’ll see to it done.” Mycroft appears from behind the wall of people, holding out his hand for the vile. John tightens his hand around it for a moment as the two of them just stare at each other. “Trust me John.”
"It's not over." He said as John pulled back the covers on Sherlock's legs.
"Maybe we should. Let him know that is."
"But that means nothing because we have no idea where we are." John said and just fought back the urge to kick out, to punch something, anything.
"Oh." He hadn't realised he had said that out loud.
Sherlock stood arms crossed as he stared off with Coffey.
"Well, it's been made official, hurricane Hank will be making our lives extremely interesting within the next few days."
"What doesn't he understand?" She asked gently, his eyes finally going to her brown ones.
“John?”
Grazed bullet wound to the left arm, shot in the right side, the bullet now lodged inside him, he needed to get it out and fast, he also needed to make sure no fabric from his clothing had also entered the wound, something that would led to internal infection if he was not careful.
"Please...you said I would sleep."
“Piece of cake, boss.” She answers with her own smile as John swings the hatch closed with a clang.
“John I-“
"Only if...if you're sure."
Snapping his eyes open he looked at the man, who was now stunned to stillness before leaping to his feet and running at full speed knocking the man to the ground and gaining great satisfaction at hearing the man’s head connecting hard to the solid floor.
"No."
John smiled, he couldn’t help it. “Sherlock, they have to move you, change bandages, clean you. Whenever that happens you will be in so much pain. There has be something we can do, in those time, to not cause more pain.”
"Tell me the truth then."
“What else can they give him?” Mycroft asked.
“Mike... I got a problem here. You there? Mike?” Hitting his helmet again he growls slightly trying to work out what is going on.
"What was that?"
Sherlock found himself scoff at that.
"I...the...what I did."
"Normal is not something you could handle."
Omg this chapter did not want to be written! I started it so many times and deleted it a lot! Anyways hope this one works.
"In here." He said, knowing that John would hear him.
"Great..." John breathed as he felt a needle push into his arm and then the darkness he had been wishing for started to creep in on him.
"Very well...Sebastian." Moran moved from behind John and headed towards Sherlock, or at least that was what he thought he was headed. But as he reached the bed he grabbed the nurse, who screamed in shock as she was pushed against a wall.
"I know." John opened his eyes a smile on his lips.
“What?”
"John?"
John paused at this, his eyes going to the door. His heart was beating wildly in his chest and all a sudden he just couldn't.
“Hey!” An angry voice shouted a warning, followed by the sound of running footsteps.
"Right." John nodded, though didn’t remember this.
"Out here." A voice answered fom the direction of the open patio door.
"Still here." He whispered.
"But it's not."
The man frowned.
"Just remember to look after you as well."
“Okay, come on, bathroom.”
“Mrs Hudson is on her way back!” John hissed slamming the door closed as he let go of the coat then stalked over to the fire place as Sherlock just stood in shock.
"No, he's telling the truth." Sherlock admitted as he fell back onto the bed breathing hard, his hands gripping the sheets hard.
"Soon, it's not easy to rob a blood bank." The voice he didn't recognise answered.
Until now.
"I plan no such thing." John hissed. "But she will probably end up being collateral damage."
"As first kisses go, that was pretty damn good."
"So it could simply be protecting you, keeping you here till it is safe for you to leave."
"What? What have you found?"
"No you wouldn't." John moved his head to kiss Sherlock’s chest.
"Its fine Greg. If I can’t handle him, I'll just knock his lights out."
"Don’t play with him just yet, idiot!" Moron abolished flicking Christen on the head. "We need him awake enough to get that bullet out before we can have some fun."
Pulling his phone free he dialled Mycroft. When the elder Holmes answered John told him everything and then told him that he needed to be here in a few hours’ time. Once done he hung up and led back on the bed not bothering with his shoes or even his jumper. He was asleep in seconds.
Would like to thank all those that have read to this point, commented, left kudos, subscribed and bookmarked this story, it all means so much to me!! So THANK YOU!!!!
"We haven't even kissed yet."
“The cure to whatever Moriarty gave you.” John answered as he pulled off his gloves. “Mycroft has worked out that after a week it should have taken fully effect.”
Sherlock had returned to Bakerstreet, to a flat he hardly recognised. John had destroyed it, Mrs Hudson had explained  (after getting over her initial shook of Sherlock not being dead) that John had been so very ill, so very depressed since Sherlock had left. She had tried to keep ontop of the house but John refused her help and she was only the landlady after all.
“Do you have to?” he heard himself ask as he tried to open his eyes. Nope, world tilting, he thought, closing them for the moment.
“Okay, it’s okay.” John gently took hold of the long pale hand his other hand once again going to the dark curls.
“I don’t remember any of this.” Sherlock suddenly said. John looked at him noting that Sherlock was watching the two of them. Leaning forward he stopped the video and pushed the table away, Sherlock didn’t even protest.
"Sherlock you need to wake up." John tried again, but didn't touch.
"He's good company." John said from the other end of the sofa a book in his hand and a cup of tea steaming away on the small table next to him.
"Its okay." John lifted his free hand, placing it on Sherlock's cheek. "I have you. You're safe and I have you."
Slowly he made his way to Sherlock and as gently as possible knelt next to him. Keeping a hand pressed to his side he searched Sherlock for a pulse and upon finding one relaxed ever so slightly.
“Love you.”
"Yes." He finally answered.
“I think he may be having a flash back.”
"I love you. I will love you as John, as Austin, as every single alias I have ever taken because they are all me. Do you understand that?"
"But Mycroft had someone on him."
The radio fell silent, leaving John with his view of the sea.
A knock at the door caused him to still his heart rate increasing as he just stared at the door.
"Thanks boss."
“Only if you come.”
"You plan on leaving her." Sherlock said as he opened his eyes.
"I relive that whole day." John whispered. "I go through it all, and the part of me that knows it's not real tries to make things diffrent but it never works." Sherlock’s arms tighten around him but he says nothing.
Alarms around him started to go off and then a warm hand was placed over his clenched fist.
“Sorry,” John said as he applied pressure to Sherlock’s scalp. “Need to stop the bleeding before doing anything else.”
"Promise?" A whisper came from his chest causing him to tighten his arms around Sherlock’s waking body.
"Not good?" Sherlock asked even as he smiled.
John got Sherlock onto his back and just had no choice but to wait until the fit stopped, which it did and John quickly got Sherlock onto his side and once again plugged the wound.
"Yes, files are locked by Mycroft."
"Emotions are high right now."
"Where are we?"
"Yes, but gravity is misunderstood by so many. Gravity doesn't hold us down, it simply keeps us all from floating away"
"This is real. We are going home, we will find our own help, if we need it. But most of all we will continue to heal each other.  Please John, trust me, if you are to trust anyone, trust me."
"Oh you are good!" MaCormick crooned as one of the men took Sherlock down and just let him drop to the floor, a mess of blood and pain.
"What about when I searched for a pulse."
Mary smiled. "How did you know?"
"In here!" She shouted going to her knees. Grabbing his wrist she felt his pulse, fast and hard even in his unconscious state, indicating that he hadn't been out long.
“J…” He started then winced at the dryness of his throat. Looking about again he searched for water, ice, anything to ease his throat, but there was nothing.
Sherlock looked up his eyes clouded and distant but he focused on John.
"He knows?"
"John, you dont have to if you really dont want to."
As John left the room it was to the sound of Anderson once again calling over the mic.
"His heart is struggling." A mask was pulled from the bag and placed over Sherlock’s mouth, the paramedic also pulled out medication which he quickly administered.
"Don’t be sorry. I don’t think I would have gotten very far before turning back."
Sherlock’s eyes where wild as he looked at John, it was clear he was still caught in the nightmare as he still fought but John watched as the world around Sherlock came back into focus, the nightmare slowly slipping from him.
Finding John sat in a corner, his eyes staring out of the nearby window she slowly weaved her way through tables and people apologising as she went. Reaching John, she smiled slightly as he turned to look up at her and blinked a few times before launching to his feet.
John watched Sherlock carefully as they drank coffee. Sherlock was more than jumpy and he wouldn't let anyone near him after Cathy had given him his mug, something John understood as the nightmare and waking flashback still clung to Sherlock’s mind.
*Mycroft? *
“You really should talk to your men about searching places better.”
"I was never your's."
Surprisingly it was Sherlock who took the lead with making the tea, something she was sure that John would have taken control of. But the smaller man just sat back and watched as Sherlock sorted the both of them out and handed John the first mug. When this happened however a none verbal exchange happened between the two and when Sherlock turned back he looked up at her with his strange all seeing eyes.
"I won’t. I'll ask Mycroft to send someone to pick something up."
“Divolt?”
"John has his own problems, I won't put mine on him as well."
As he reached the main entrance he was forced to stop as Cathy unlocked the doors with her pass. When the final door opened he was running again, this time straight to the sleek black car that Mycroft had obviously provided.
"John..." John let go of his face and ran to the create, grabbing it he pulled it across the floor till it was before Sherlock.
Once he was able to look he growled as the man with black eyes stood over a still screaming Sherlock.
Ah. Cathy thought, so straight into it.
"Right...well just stay out of our business and we will stay out of yours."
"Okay." He said softly, smiling once again. "It's fine, I can stay. Don't need coffee anyway, was just thinking to give you and your brother some space."
"What is it?" Sherlock asked almost in a whisper.
He had made tea, a round of toast each, which neither really ate, and the TV had been put on just to fill the silence.
"Time will tell John." Reaching out she cupped his cheek, giving him a gentle kiss before laying her head on his shoulder.
"He was on a different sedative. But we can’t give him anymore of that, it will cause more damage. The sedative we just tried is milder but obviously dangerous to him. There are other options, but they are risky."
“Yes.”
“No, I can’t.” Sherlock looked from the port to John. “I can’t.”
"You don't think me staying away is a good thing." He says as though it was as true as the sun rising or setting.
As the men drew closer John jumped back off the create so that it was between him and the on coming threat.
“Everything takes time.” John looks up at Mycroft. “Say it.”
"I have you." He whispered, even as John's eyes rolled up and he lost consciousness. "I have you."
"Why am I making tea."
“Molly, just relax. You're making Sherlock nervous.” John tried for humour.
Things move slowly.
John smiled. "I don't need to be a detective to know you are hungry."
John looked down at the rifle in Moran's hand, a finger on the trigger, safety a flick away from being off. John was fast but he knew how good Moran was and with John's injury it would be a massive mistake to make.
"It's his mixers, his O2 is far too high." Stevens said as he tried to lower. "Fuck, its stuck!"
John held back the laugh as the brothers interacted, it was nice to have Mycroft back, but it was nicer to see this side to Sherlock. He was in pain, yes, it didn't rule him, not like the last time he woke.
Dimmock backed up as much as he could, trying not to look at the floating body but unable to look at anything else.
"Bag him?" Mycroft looked down at John when he asked this.
He just made it to the door but paused as three people appeared.
“Ah, well you won’t be leaving here alive John, so don't waste what little brain power you have.”
“No, he knows.” Mycroft interjected.
John fired.
"Why?"
"Now that was a case." Sherlock looked to Cathy, his eyes narrowing but he too kept his smile. "Shame we cannot talk about it."
“Well we were due to go back out on the same ship.” John answered as he looked over the hoses, now still as the two below had reached their destinations. “We were to do six months of tests, six months of none stop boring test.” John groaned as he remembered. “Anyway, if you were married, you got a state-room. Otherwise it was bunks.”
"Yeah, come out of the apartment."
"I don't understand." He said as John wrapped strong steadying arms around him.
“Something…something…”
Taking the lolly from Sherlock’s mouth he smiled as Sherlock opened his eyes and almost pouted.
At that moment Coffey had entered the moonpool, his body freezing at the sight of the water lifting out of the pool. What little sanity he had left, leaves at the sight, his mind completely blown.
Sherlock couldn't let go of John, the John that was fake, the John that was in his head, the John that was warm, soft and solid. He smelt amazing, felt fantastic and it was all a trick.
“Greg?”
Reaching out for Sherlock’s phone he quickly unlocked it and soon found his music list and hit play on a something labelled ‘home’. Instantly the room filled with violin music, a piece John knew well as Sherlock had been writing it and practising it in the months before the fall.
“It’s okay, I have you.” John took in a breath, Sherlock’s scent strong, but he needed to keep he’s doctors head on. “Where?”
"What are you doing?" He asked with a frown.
"You're staring John."
“Okay...John?”
“Yes.”
Leaning his head back against the wall John looks to Coffey.
The room was cold, it was dark, the only light coming from the swinging doors that seemed to be the only way in or out.
“Sherlock come here.” John said as he reached out to the man slowly curling up into himself as he started to feel every last injury already upon his body as though they were being inflicted upon him for the first time. “Sherlock… Sherlock please, come here.”
"We both have new scars." Sherlock finally said causing John to look up, his brow furrowed in worry and thought.
“Now, I am afraid the time line has shortened. I had really hoped to give you the two weeks to heal, but things have changed and that time line has shortened.”
"Starting our descent. Divers, how're you doing?" Sally said and she and Mike follows.
As the ship moves it pulls on the umbilical pulling it hard so it goes vertical and goes as tight as a bowstring. As the ship continues to list the umbilical rips off ladders and floats sending them all into the water.
"Yes of course I will have them sent over."
Moran turned to John and smiled before stepping back and letting the nurse go. As he moved further away, the girl slowly sank to the floor her hand going to her face, but she didn't cry.
“No…”
“Sure.” Together, John and the nurse went about undressing Sherlock, giving him a wash before dressing him and then changing the bed covers. It took a while, Sherlock was all arms and legs, and though light, it wasn’t the easiest job to move him without over aggravating his injuries. John was just glad the man had locked himself in his mind palace, it allowed them to do so much without fear of causing him too much discomfort.
The night was clear and surprisingly warm. It was mid May, the month when the weather faught with itself as the small island of Britain prepared itself for a lack luster summer.
His prey now only a foot away allowed him to pounce. Quickly, had the gun out of the other mans hands but as the struggle continued he knew he wouldn't win. John was still on medication, he was still in recovery from the overdose and his body just wasn't up to fighting a man who clearly kept in shape and wasn't suffering from a mental break.
"Yes...he...they just took him for emergency surgery." John looked down the hall to the double swing doors that didn't seem to stop moving at the moment.
When his eyes landed on John he smiled slightly, his eyes closing a moment before he slowly forced them back open.
"Yes my rig! I designed the bloody thing!"
John nodded then lent down and brushed his lips over Sherlock’s temple. "I'll be waiting for you."
"Yeah." John let Moran led him back to the room.
"Let me out of these fucking things!" He demanded pulling at the restraints.
“Yeah?” Sherlock laughs slightly, this time more amused. “Well I'm not.”
“Sleep well, you have a big day ahead of you.” She muttered then shook her head at herself before heading towards the makeshift sleeping quarters.
"But he's dead...right?" John looked concerned as he lowered the folder to his knees.
"They really did a number on him." Maddie commented as she finished one bandage and started another.
"Yes, your brother can be rather pushy, however I would never have agreed if I didn't think it nessasary. You both have so much to work through and to do that I feel you both need the time, no matter how long."
"Why?" He looked up from his restraints to glare at Sherlock. "Because the man I fucking love Killed Himself!!"
"No?" Sherlock flinched at the tone, the reaction causing Moran to smile devilishly.
Sherlock eyed it for a moment, John knowing that he was going through all the pros and cons of moving.
"Not to worry doctor Watson." She said as she got up and did her regular checks. As she pulled down the covers to look over the wound and make sure the lines were still clear, John stepped closer.
“Would seem our reputation proceeds us.” Mycroft said as he pulled free a phone and started to text.
"I used to be like John." He said as he moved his arm out of her reach then followed as she led the way out of the canteen.
When he had been caught he had only been able to escape after Moran had been else where for nearly a week. In that week Sherlock had found his wits coming back to him and he soon worked out how to get free, a process he had needed to act on fast because he knew if Moran was to return then he would continue to be trapped.
When they broke apart, their foreheads pressed together, their breath mingling, John finally smiled.
“Left lower side.”
John would wake soon.
"Yesterday...I told you." Sherlock looked up then and paused. "I didn't tell you." He whispered, his eyes wide as he pulled out his phone and cursed.
"I can't do this forever." John shuddered as he spoke.
Silence rained, it seeped into the room as John watched Sherlock, as the therapist watched John and Sherlock watched as condensation built on the side of the plastic cup and slowly dripped down into the table.
Dark grey, a ring of it around his irises, contrasting with the lightness of the other colours, bringing them into sharp focus. Sherlock really did have the most amazing eyes.
"We're not ready."
Running his finger through his hair for the hundredth time, Sherlock pulls off his jacket, throws it over the back of his chair and continues his pacing.
"Ye...yesss." Sherlock let his head fall against John’s chest.
Sherlock smiled, then let go of John's wrist.
John frowned. "I dont understand."
"I won't." John looked up at Mycroft, the man was still breathing hard an angry glint in his eyes. "Mycroft you have to underst-"
"John I will only say this once. You are never to thank me. You saved Sherlock, you made sure he got what he needs once he was here, you looked after him when I could not. You deserve to be with him, to see him because without you, as you already said, he would be dead." Mycroft looked down at John as the doors opened. "I will be thanking you for the rest of my life John."
“About time Greg.” He breathed before turning his head and looking down the hall. “The cavalry finally arrived.”
"If you mention this to anyone, or pick on how short I am I will not be held responsible for my actions." He tried to joke as he stood on the create to look at the chains holding Sherlock prisoner.
Lowering his head he let his eyes close and just breathed for a moment as images of sand and hot heat tried to invade his thoughts. Clenching his fist he spent a good five minutes trying to calm himself when he realised he hadn’t spoken to Dimmock for a while.
"Why did you come back?" John asked.
"He lost all sense of himself." He finally said.
Searching out Sherlock, he reached out his hand only for long fingers to take hold of his wrist and then a light turned on.
"And I wouldn't let go of your coat." John muttered. "How did come to not letting go of your coat?"
"Yeah like I said, what’s his face." John turned to leave but Sherlock stopped him by placing an arm across the door.
Looking up he took in Sherlock’s long legs, the jeans hugging every curve, then up the buttons of the shirt to the long neck and then finally to eyes bright and full of emotion.
More people started to arrive, more boats joined in the search, divers were sent into the water and by the time night fell they still hadn't found him.
In seconds John’s crew got to work prepping everything for Flatbed to go back down and unhook the umbilical. As Coffey appeared climbing out of the cab, Sally jumped up and into the cab setting the control in seconds.
“Ah. Fair enough.” John kissed the top of his head then just led there, running his hand over Sherlock, as Sherlock just relaxed into him.
"Can I come in?"
Taking in a breath he just watched John who had stopped walking, his back still to Sherlock, but he had seen the smaller mans shoulders sag as he had talked.
"What? No! Of course I don't."
"Damn it...well at least we should get to where we need to be before it hits."
"You told him!"
"I see." Placing the coffee mugs on the small table she took her normal seat, he body relaxing slightly but Sherlock could see the question running through her mind.
"Twenty-four Trident missiles. Eight MIRVs per missile."
"Right, well I best go get my team ready. Keep us updated on the storm and wish us luck."
"No...I'm not." With that Sherlock pulled open the sliding door and ran.
John smiled knowing that what Sherlock was looking at was not a star.
Standing he slowly made his way through the bodies and people before coming across the black coat.
"Hello John."
“I promise you this though, whenever we get what we both want I will make you wish you never left.” Lips brushed his ear and then John was gone.
"Less than two weeks. I won’t be able to do much of anything."
“Sherlock, all I saw on that train was you” John whispered against his neck causing a shiver to run through Sherlock’s body.
"Okay, good lad." John squeezes his arms and turns to look through the hatch.
"Of course." Sherlock said then left the office and headed to the flat to see John.
"Ah, you mean this." Sherlock said as he shifted hips to press down into John.
"What you said, about his family-"
Sherlock’s right arm was dislocated and he need to put it back in before dressing his friend. So with a practised hand he slowly moved the arm into position and then in one quick twist popped it back into place.
"I didn’t say you would have forgotten it. Just deleted it all, no point having it clog up that brain of yours."
"Sherlock, John's recovery will take time. But so will yours."
A sigh left him as he felt the warmth against his back, as Sherlock leaned over to look at what ever John was doing. This was becoming a habit of Sherlock's, to come up behind John, to push against him, to look over John’s shoulder allowing dark hair ro brush at John's cheek, his neck, sending tremors through his body, tremors he was sure Sherlock would feel and yet the great detective never said anything just carried on regardless.
“Sherlock?” Mary came up to the other side of the bed and smiled as both men looked at her. “How are you feeling?”
"Then they are stupid."
“Check... removing bolt one.” Schoenick indicates his understanding and does as he is told to do.
As he turns the cab towards Flatbed he looked out the window one last time, his mind only asking one thing, 'what the hell was that?'
"Habit." Sherlock moved the cakes to the table, removing the only thing between them. "I wont bite."
"I have you." John pushed the knife away from them, the sound of it moving across the floor loud and intrusive on Sherlock's fragile state of mind.
"I want to take you to bed." John finally admitted. "God do I, but until you can run across roof tops again I won't."
Looking up he just held Cathys warm eyes before sighing and falling back against the sofa.
“No...I live close by. Could you help me get home?”
“Go to the last ten minutes.”
"John?" Sherlock again, his voice concerned.
“It’s okay, I have what you need to make you better, I just need it tested first.”
"Yes." She glanced at her watch. "He could even be here now."
"That's it?" Sherlock scoffed.
“Not here.”
John's hands found themselves gripping at Sherlock’s hips, bunching the fabric of his soft pajama bottoms, pulling the taller man closer as he moaned into the kiss, his lips parting as he invited Sherlock’s tongue in with his own.
"I was an idiot for not realising."
"So there must be a good reason to why it is here, to why it is blocking your way."
"I promise I will be back. Just hold tight." He said brushing back some blond hair and giving her a small smile. "I promise, okay?"
“I just thought he was there to stick his nose in.”
A growl emitted from some deep seated place within John as he watched but never moved.
"Could be fun." John shrugged as he fell back onto the pillow.
“Of course, John.” Sherlock turned to the back of the sofa, allowing John to look at his head. Capable fingers moved through his hair until they found the wound. Sherlock hissed at despite John’s gentle touch.)
"But first...Moran." John opened the folder and together they went through it.
Dimmock stared at John with wide eyes but slowly he did as he was told until he got his breathing back under control.
“I’m sure.” He responded as he looked around then stopped as he looked down a darkened hall. “The explosion?”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, the vibration of his own voice setting his head spinning.
(22:55pm) Sherlock? JW
“You are one messed up piece of shit.”
"SHERLOCK!"
“Steady,” John cautioned as Sherlock found his centre of gravity, a task not taken lightly when the whole world seemed to tilt at the most inappropriate times. Like right at that moment. Stepping forward, Sherlock let his eyes close as he felt his body beg to lie down again, but refused to allow it. John had a hand on his waist now, folding him into an embrace.
"I dont know if I can." Had been his answer.
"Say bye to John for me." Greg said as he picked up his bag.
“Gimme a couple of hours.” Sally says as everyone stands and heads to do as they are order.
Kissing the back of the hand he lowered it and picked up the tea, blowing on the steam for a moment before taking a tentative sip and wincing slightly.
“I have Moriarty tied up, I need him to tell me how to help Sherlock.” Greg’s eyes widened slightly.
"I can't, they're on my back." Sherlock had countered but soon shut up as John focused his gaze on him. "Fine. But I will not be kept in, is that understood?"
"I..the cuts."
"Today will probably have tears, shouting and a hell of a lot of anger."
"I hate being pinned down." Sherlock whispered but he knew the both of them heard. "I hate not being able to get away if I want to."
“Cut the hose, the hydraulic hose to the door!” John shouts as the water raises more, nearly covering his mouth.
"Yeah, that is probably a good idea. I don't live far from here so I guess going home to shower and change wouldn't be a bad thing."
John led against the plush pillows of the huge bed of his rather posh hotel room.
"Because I...I'm not sure if we are ready. Here we have help at the drop of a hat. Help that yesterday proved that we need. But yes, god yes I want to go home, to go back to the flat that means so much, to sleep in...your bed, my bed, our bed." He smiled then as his fingers traced over Sherlock’s face. "Your damn experiment."
Sherlock blinked, his eyes leaving John’s to look around the warm bright bathroom.
"No, thank you." John answers as he starts to make his way to the door. "We have an early start. Breakfast is severed at around eight. I can meet you before if you want."
“Not good enough.”
Of course he didn’t know at the time that he had fallen, but he had and so he was bound to it until he could have it.
"Radiation is nominal. The warheads must still be intact." Coffey's voice came over the com and Sherlock’s responded.
"He's awake." He heard Sherlock say, knowing he said it loud enough for John to hear.
Once at Sherlock’s side his fingers itched to touch that hair again, but Mycroft was still gently stroking through the curls.
“Yeah, lean on me.”
"It's not your fault, it's theirs and they are all dead."
Molly stretched her arms up above her head as she rotated her neck, sighing as it ached with the movement. Lowering her arms, she switched off the computer and stood, her hand landing on Big Geek.
"Heavy." John answered as he snuggled deeper into his pillow, his mind calming as it registered Sherlock as being safe.
John nods, understanding that they could keep warm with layers till help came, but one thing they wouldn’t be able to cope without was oxygen.
Again I am no therapist so just go with it, after all this story is mostly dialogue so what is set up in this chapter will help with moving it forward.
The helicopter moved away from the sea and headed in land a little.
“Not until you’re more stable.” John answered before stepping around the bed. “Can I take over?” He asks the nurse, who nods stepping back as John puts on some gloves.
Johns voices comes over the com.
"Pocket." Sherlock whispered after a few minutes.
“You don't need to know the details of this mission-“
“Sherlock! Wait a second-“ John is cut off as Sherlock tries the door only to find it locked. John sighed then lifted a hand to stop Sherlock as he grabbed a fire-extinguisher and started to pound it against the heavy steel door.
