The Alpha tilted his head to look at the Omega, a frown taking over his face and deepened when the Omega gazed at his eyes with a fire burning deep into his blue eyes, making the Alpha lean back and let out a harsh sigh through his nose. "Thank the Gods I am in a good mood today, princess." The king snapped, causing the Omega to huff at him, but he still didn't take his eyes away from the Alpha. "Because I am feeling generous today, I will allow you to go see your friends tomorrow, I will even lessen from your burden of work, by not cleaning the stables anymore, what do you think?" The king said, already feeling a headache coming, though, he wouldn't tell the Omega he was going to lessen his workload because he found some of his workers slacking off and giving their workload to the Omega, making the man work three times the amount that the king wanted him to work… even if the Alpha wanted to break him, he didn't want to do it this way, it was making the Omega more stubborn then softening him.
Tony sang under his breath as he walked through rows and rows of candy, putting a few of his and Peter's favorite in his shopping car, continuing his way after crossing them from his list. Usually, Steve and Tony do their shopping together, which meant their trip was one filled with arguing and kisses, trying to convince one another of what's best to bring home this time.
Steven should know by now not to jinxes himself more than fate already did, but as always, Mr. Steven 'I can do this all day!' Rogers, never back down from a fight or as his husband said, he was too stubborn for this world, and Steven should have listened to him then because look at him now, in a strange world where people can shift into wolves and men can get pregnant and he was told that this was the true universe he was from, but Steven the combative asshole he was, didn't give a fuck and decided to dive head-first into the fray like he always does…
Tony wanted to say so many words to lessen the heartache, but not even one word left his mouth, getting trapped between his lips as soon as he opened them, so Tony did the only thing he can do, he just smiled at the Alpha and tipped toe so he can kiss his cheek. "A rough day at work…" Tony breathed out which made Steve frown but nodded his head, turning around to kiss Tony's forehead before returning to prepare the dinner.
"Did I? What if that was the plan from the start?" Steve reply with a mischievous tone, giving Tony only a second of confusion before flipping them until Tony was under his Alpha, which made Tony give a small squeak. "Oh, darling, were you really that surprised?" Steve asked cheekily when he saw Tony pouting, hiding his laughing face in the crook of Tony's neck when the Omega continued to give him silly faces and trying to push him off to get the better hand once more.
"Oh? Is that so?" Steve hummed amusingly as he took a step after step toward Bruce until he was towering over the shivering scientist. In the back of his mind, Bruce was wondering why the Hulk didn't show up, was he as scared as Bruce was that he decided to hide and never show up?
Lovemaking, such an absurd description, but it was the only thing that Tony could descript what Steve and he did last night. The way Steve touched him, the way he slides in Tony claiming him, the gentle way he kissed his forehead after they were done, whispering something to Tony in a strange language. A strange language that was divine and hypnotic all the same, a language that the closest thing Tony can think to descript it was an other-worldly song Steve whispered in his ear.
Steve removed his pants, and then looked to Tony, expectantly. When Tony looked at him, confused, Steve smiled and gave a fond sigh. "You always say this sweater makes me look like a present, all wrapped up, so I wanted to give you a chance to unwrap me." Steve stated, gazing at his Alpha through his bangs, playing with the hem of his baby blue sweater.
going to take you." Steve growled the possessiveness in his voice causing Tony to shiver in anticipation; to prove his words, Steve withdrew his fingers; it took only a few moments for Steve to lower his suit pants until his cock was free before he positions himself and sank into Tony's heat.
"Oh… well, you can't right now, he is like, in the middle of an important meeting, a really, important meeting, like super important!" The Beta rambled on nervously, and that made the Omega bite the inside of his cheek as he took a step back away from the woman, powerwalking toward Peggy's office, ignoring the squeak from the Beta as she tried to stop him. The Omega wouldn't be stopped, his heart pounded inside his chest as he all but ran to the office, knowing that he has only a few seconds from the woman finding him and dragging him away.
"You got to teach me how to do that." Tony said as he looked at Steven who already had Doom, shackled with special cuffs that block magic, Steven on the other hands hummed at that a little and pushed a screaming and snarling Doom, toward Natasha who salutes to him and took the man with her, not before giving him a well-placed kick to the head that knocked him out as she start dragging him away with Clint.
"What do you think?" Bucky asked nervously as he got out of the fitting room, Steve inspected the Alpha with a critical eye, his smile widen even more as he took in how the blue jacket fit the Alpha like it was made for him, which made Steve give a praise to his keen eyes for snatching that jacket before someone else did.
“Tony, stop!” Steve snapped as he stood in front of his mate, stopping him from going after Howard, his action caused his lover to gaze at him with confused eyes, probably wondering why Steve wouldn’t allow him to kill his own father, who for the Alpha is a threat to his mate and child; months ago Steve would have been more than happy to let Tony do it just to be petty, but he can’t argue that the man saved his life, even if he didn’t tell Steve why he was here and asking him strange questions. “Baby, please calm down, don’t do this, do you really want Peter to see his hero hurt his father?” Steve cooed to his Alpha, taking Tony’s face in his hands, caressing his cheek gently. “He helped us, Tony, he saved Peter and me.” That got him a disbelieving and a confused noise from Tony, who was gazing at Steve’s eyes, not removing his face from his lover’s gentle hands. “Tell you what baby, why don’t we go inside? I’m sure Peter missed you terribly, he was so scared; he needs his father.” And that was what caused Tony to finally turn away from Howard, following Steve when the Omega pulled at his hand that was covered in armor, his Tony was ignoring his want to snarl at all the reporters and photographers who were recording, he just wanted to attack them and get them away from his mate and son, that was the number one reason for Alphas’ to become feral, their mates and children.
"What do I seek from the person who protects the earth from Thanos and his minions, I wonder?" Steve said mockingly which made Odin frown at the disrespect he was seeing. "Maybe it's to talk with him about him being brainwash by the mind stone, or maybe it's about the torture Thanos made him go through, or maybe him leaving the Avengers hints and clues so they will be able to defeat him and save the earth despite being brainwashed in the first place." Steven said in a snippy tone which made the room become tense with every word he said, especially the Avengers who start looking at one another, trying to recall what took a place in New York battle, becoming a little numb at the realization that Steven's words were true, and Clint had to contain his flinch at the mention of mind control, because he still remembers the pain and fear as he helplessly fought with Natasha and Phil, with no control over his body and thoughts.
"Wait, wait, wait, hold up! You are telling me that reincarnation is real and that you have met me two thousand years ago?" Tony squeaked (He will deny it until death) gazing at Steven, whose knowing smile widens a little, but it was all the confirmation Tony needed to shoot himself at Steven, asking question after question, this was too good to leave it be! A person who is 2500 years old, confirmed the theory of reincarnation, Tony was so going to win at least a Nobel Prize. Steven though only smiled and shook his head, giving Tony a soft look before ordering him to go to sleep, and then he left the room, leaving Tony to pout because the star never once answered any of his questions…
His arms were killing him, which was the first thing Steve noticed after he regains himself; his arms were numb and his fingers were twitching, and Steve wondered if he was even going to be able to use them to wheel himself away from here. Steve could only sniffle; he turned his head to the trees and people walking around the park, ignoring how his mind and body were hurt and in pain…
"As you wish, Mr. Carbonell, I will drive then." The woman said as she stood up, Tony following her not that far behind a smile made itself home on his face as he could do nothing but hope, happy that he finally made a life for himself and his baby, away from the pain and hate and fear…
"I know that but… what if Harley hates me?" Tony asked, shifting in his place before looking up at his father who already finished cutting and washing the potatoes cubes. "I mean, he spent a whole year pretending that he was OK and forcing himself to interact with people, what if he was forcing himself once more to agree with us just because he felt like he can't refuse?" Tony wondered out loud, pouting when he saw his father smiling gently.
To this day Tony swore to himself, that as soon as he said those words, the star shined brightly than it ever did, it chased away the coldness and hurt and pain Tony was feeling, causing a smile to take over his bruised face. He remembered walking, and walking, following the star that seemed to guide his path, he remembered spending all night talking to it, telling it what he was planning to do as soon as he was back home, how he will stop the weapon manufacturing and will finally do something that he loves for once, he remembered telling it about the robots he planned to build and the gadgets that will help people instead of the guns and bombs.
…" That made Steve tilt his head in a confused look… who the hell was Morgan? This man was strange, he was crazy; that's the only thing that Steve can think of.
As much as Tony wanted to run away from this town, as much as Tony wanted to pack everything and go with his friends in the middle of the night like how the Rogers family did, Tony simply couldn't. Even with Howard being in Malibu, there was still the danger of him and his spies hovering around Rhodey and Pepper's home, not to forget the chance of Tony running into Morgan's biological father, the man was crazy enough to force himself on Tony in the Stark's own mansion, Tony can't shake the feeling of that crazy man keep taps on him and stalking him too, Tony was sure of that. Also Tony can't just rip Morgan of her life from here, even if she was a few weeks old and wouldn't remember a thing, Tony can't.
"W-wait!" Squeaked the metal thing in a robotic voice… and Steven knew it was metal because the hit that he received after slamming into it made him dizzy and end up falling down which made Steven curse at how stupid he acted not a few seconds ago, but Steven can blame it on the shock and confusion he was feeling.
Steven ignored the gentle smile on the Beta's face, narrowing his eyes as he waited for the answer, which the healer answered him happily. "He is fine, just a few bruises and scrapes, his right hand is bruised badly, but it will be fine in a week or two." The healer explained, causing Steven to frown but nod his head to the Beta's words. "As for you, you need rest, no work allowed for a fortnight until the stabbing wound is all healed, the shock will go away in a few more days, as for any heat you fear falling a victim for, do not worry when a shock is enforced, it usually takes months before the body regulated enough that an Omega can go into heat." The healer shifted uncomfortably, causing Steven to close his eyes and nod his head, letting out a sigh, nothing the healer said Steven didn't know, for he more than anyone else knows the arts of healing, though he wasn't about to tell anyone that.
But Tony pushed that thought away, for now, that is. His baby's birthday was tomorrow, her first. For that alone, Tony was willing to forgive the people that live in the town, was willing to invite them to celebrate his child's birthday; want it or not, if it wasn't for them his child would have died before Tony get the chance to hold her in his arms.
"Oh, Tony… did you really believe that I didn't know about where have you been the past couple of years?" Howard mocked, a slow smile spreading over his face as he took a step toward Tony causing Tony to back away, making sure to keep Morgan hiding from Howard's sight. "Or about how your foolish mother helped you escape? Don't worry, I made sure to give her a reasonable punishment, after all, I do like her." Those words made Tony's breath hitch and for his eyes to widen, trying not to shake as he saw his father's smile widen even more. "I knew, son, I knew all along." Tony's heart skipped a beat at his father's admission, his breath was coming in fast gasps as he tried to think of a way to run away from this situation…
"What happened? What did she do that she turned out to be a taboo subject that no one talked about?" Tony finally dared to ask, causing the Alpha to shift in his place, mind going in circles as he tried to find the reason why the woman was hated by the Rogers.
"We are here!" Tony said through gritted teeth, hoping that Harley didn't hear how much his voice was trembling. "This café sells the best sweets in Brooklyn, their ice-cream sandwiches are to die for!" Tony stated as he pointed at the café in front of him, watching Harley as he blinked in surprise like he thought Tony was going to take him back to the orphanage but was proven wrong. "Steve, Peter, and I usually come here every weekend if we can, their sweets are yummy," Tony stated as he pulled Harley with him inside, his heartbreaking at how awed and wide-eyed Harley looked, like he never saw a place that sold pastries before.
"Ah… this," Bucky sheepishly tried to hide his black eye for a second, only to lower his hand when Steve narrowed his eyes at the man ordering him silently to spill. "I got it from Tony after breaking his nose." Bucky finally admits, causing Steve's eyes to widen and for his jaw to drop a little, the '
Serpentine hummed a creepy tone under her breath as she floats around the mansion, giggling and humming in appreciation as she took in Steve's way of decorating the place. The mansion in question looks like an abandoned and a haunted ground, striking fear, and terror in the heart of those who dared to enter it without permission; Serpentine couldn't be prouder with how her baby managed his life! Serpentine let out a squeal in delight when she saw possessed dolls running and crawling around the place; Serpentine decided to follow them and amuse herself by slaughtering the defenseless things until her son return and tell her all about his date and the souls he tortured with Tony.
It took Peter a few more minutes of sniffing and whining before he looked at Tony with red-rimmed eyes. "Mr. Steve is gonna get hurt because of the bad man won't he?" Peter asked, his voice cracking causing Tony to still in his place at the words his son used. "I heard you talk with uncle Peggy and Bucky when you told Thor to return back home…" Peter mumbled, causing Tony to let out a harsh breath, biting the inside of his cheek to stop himself from cursing out loud; how did Tony not notice that someone was eavesdropping on them? It could have been worse though, it could have been Steve! Tony knew that it would have caused them good grieve if it was Steve and his self-sacrificing butt.
It was a mistake… As soon as the door was closed and locked, Steve gave him a dark and smug smile, and his once lovely appearance… it melts away showing him his worst nightmares… Steve or what's left of him anyway screamed loudly, so loud that Clint thought his head was going to explode! He opened his eyes; he didn't know when he had closed…He saw a demon in front of him, smirking dangerously.
Just thinking about what his father would do made him sick again, ever since his mother died when he was ten, his father was too overprotective, too controlling when he wants, he would flip and he will tell
"Oh, the burn and betrayal, Oh, what is thee name?" Steve said as he put his hand on his heart in a mock hurt which made Tony trying hard to hold into his laughter and failing at that, though the giggling of the pup was worth it.
"I did tell you, Jarvis, everyone leaves in the end; so this shouldn't be a surprising thing." Howard stated, waving goodbye to his raging friend who could only curse and slam his clipboard into the ground. Howard on the other side could only frown darkly as he continued his way; everyone leaves at the end that was the ultimate truth, no one will stay forever like they promise, because they are liars and good actors who always end up stabbing you in the back so they can leave. No one stays, that was the truth that Howard knew for decades, and will continue to believe in until the end of the time, no one stays, but maybe, just maybe…
"Don't make this harder on you than it already is, Mr. Stark…" Tony shook, one of his hands was on his mouth, hoping to dampen his loud breathing, and the other was clutching his belly tightly, causing him to panic the longer he stayed in the closet… if only Tony managed to climb down the window with Peter and Harley, but he knew that the rope may not handle his weight without ripping, and not only that, if Tony fell and hurt himself then his baby would get hurt. "Think about the baby you carry, do you want to stress yourself to labor?" Carter asked and Tony couldn't help but flinch when he heard the sound of something breaking. "So many annoying pictures…" Peggy hissed and Tony swallowed as he realized that Carter no doubt broke the picture frame that houses the family photo the Rogers family took last month when they went to the zoo. "It makes me so angry, Mr. Stark… you make me so angry by daring to steal my husband and son from me… who do you think you are?" Carter asked, and Tony swallowed when he noticed that the woman's voice was close, as if she was standing outside the closet and talking to Tony.
Tony sniffled and held his sobs God knows how long until he heard Rogers retreating footsteps and Rhodey shuffling until he was sitting beside Tony under the table. Tony wondered if he should apologize to Rhodey for dooming his life, being in love with a Rogers was a curse that only Tony seemed to be immune to, but it didn't mean that Tony's heart didn't break for the idiots who fell for Rogers… especially when those idiots were his friends.
It was a few minutes before the words made sense to Steve's sleepy mind, and when they did, Steve let out a sigh and sat up. "I'm awake aren't I?" Steve answered, a little grumbly, mixed with a little tiredness, and a lot of sleepiness, causing everyone to feel a little guilty for keeping Steve awake when he needs the sleep. "I was never really asleep when the Stone was in control; my body may be, but I was wide awake, and I finally broke the stone's hold, which means I'm as free as I can be from its hold on my consciousness." Hitched breathes were heard as the realization of what Steve informed them made sense… Steve was awake this whole time, just not with his body.
"And then! And then, the music started and Mama started walking with Grandpa down the aisle, and Mama was so pretty in the white suit! Uncle Bucky had to hide though because Grandma Winnie was still angry that he didn't get married before Papa!" Peter exclaimed from inside the room, causing Steve who was outside to stop, eavesdropping was wrong Steve knows that, but he couldn't help wanting to hear what those two were talking about. "I told Mama and Papa to bring you with us, but they said they couldn't and that Aunt Betty said you were… uh, I don't remember but I was sad and didn't want to talk with Aunt Betty because of it." Steve couldn't help but snort at that explanation deciding that it was enough.
"Tony, please wait!" Peggy's voice pleads with Tony, but Tony could only snarl as he continued his pace, rushing out of Morgan's room and to the living room, the only thing Tony could think of was taking his baby away and leaving this crazy town forever. Tony though, Tony could only freeze in shock when his eyes fell on the living room, his breath hitched and his heart nearly jumped out of his chest when he saw red everywhere.
Peter's answer made Steve frown a little knowing that there was more to what his son said. "And?" Steve said gently which made the pup fidget once more and look at the table with a small flush on his face, causing Steve to take a deep breath at that and look at his baby who was trying to gather his thoughts.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains… maybe a little bit cursing? Fluffiest fluffs, a little bit of sadness, things are looking up! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
"Oh, my Addams, who did this to you?" Serpentine whispered her eyes becoming hard and she gazed at Tony with determent eyes, a scary look on the ghost, to be honest, so Tony tried to back away as much as he can. "An Addams never raises their hand on their
The rest of the day turned out just like how Tony imagines it… with Harley trying to stay far away from him and tensing every time the two of them stood near each other… needless to say, Tony was a little sad that the small boy refuses to give him a chance.
Tony doesn't seem to realize the grave danger he was in; Tony doesn't realize that the armor he was wearing gave him no protection, especially when it was an old technology in the eye of everyone standing here, an old technology that was easy to slice apart like butter. Steve was proven right when Thanos recovered quickly, touring off Iron Man's helmet with his bare hand and punched Tony to the ground. Steve wanted to scream at Tony to stop, to run away, Steve was about to run to Tony and stop Thanos from beating his lover, but was stopped by Nebula who restrained him, whispering sorry his ear as she forced Steve to gaze at Tony who was still dazed as Thanos stood above.
Suddenly Tony straighten himself fast, if he remembered correct then there were some pictures of his baby in this envelope, that nearly made Tony whine, as he held the envelope with shaky hands, wondering if he should open it or not, wondering what he would see if he opened it.
"Am still sorry… made you cry, and… and broke the rules." The baby whispered his words, like saying them out loud would be a crime, which was something the Omega never wanted the pup to feel like, so he sat up and pulled the pup in his embrace, smiling at Peter when the boy raised his head to gaze at the Omega.
"You look sad…" The pup murmured as he stood up and starts dusting his clothes from the dust and dirt. "Why?" The pup looked at him after he finished tidying his clothes.
Today Dr. Ross took pity on Tony, and that showed by her making only half of the session into tears feast, the other half of the session was spent asking Tony about his day and how he was adjusting to being back home, and how does his family treat him and other things like that, and Tony spent the time complaining about how Steve loved to cheat on their matches, and how he persuades Peter to join him, the nerve!
In the end, Tony didn't have the courage to find Steve or talk to him, even when he spent his nights staring at the Omega's number that he made his AI find, but on the bright side, Tony stopped drinking, he stopped, and then start going to his therapist to get better now, not just to keep him mother concern at pay. He promised himself that as soon as he got better he will find Steve and talk with the Omega.
"I know how to clean well, Mama, Margaret taught me how." The pup peeped out which made the Alpha's eyes widen with shock and for his jaw to fall a little, then anger clouded his eyes as he looked at the Omega's smug smirk, a growl left the Alpha and he nearly screamed at the foolish Omega and his pup who just wasted the chance of a lifetime in happiness for lowly slaves.
Thor's heart nearly dropped to the floor when he saw the Ancient one faint, so he rushed as fast as he can to catch him before his head hit the floor, his heart pounding loudly as he finally caught the man, letting out a shuddered breath as he held him a bridal style, turning his head to glare at Tony. "What? I didn't do a thing, he passed out when he said that name, not the first time he did it!" Tony justified, which gained him nothing but a harsher glare from Thor who growls at him as he lowered the blond man on the sofa.
"T-they did something wrong, I had to do something…" Petrus whispered and it was only a few seconds later that the small boy's eyes widen when he felt a gentle hand on his cheek, caressing it. Looking up, Petrus took in the soft smile and gentle eyes that gazed at him, making him warm inside and causing his lips to tremble.
Dr. Banner had even commented about the pup being surprisingly healthy if they didn't count the pneumonia and being small for his age. Tony kept his mouth shut at that, but the look that the doctor sent him told him he knew, Tony spent the time ever since his baby born taking care of his pup, if it meant that he had to give his baby every bite of food Stane gave them and eat a few bites a day, Tony would do it, his baby was the most important thing for him.
It doesn't matter, not now, not when Fury was left with an Omega who claimed that Tyber was an oath breaker, not when the Alpha had his job to unearth and expose the Stone Clan like how he had wanted to do for years but couldn't because of the stupid elders who decided to believe in Tyber's story. Looking around the place, Fury caught the eyes of Nattalegg, nodding to the Alpha in a way that informed her of his want to talk with her.
Steve didn't care; he was so, so tired of always having to stand up and fight all alone, he was so tired of having hope and for that hope to dash at any giving chance there was, why can't Tony understand? If he wanted to protect them like he always claimed, then why didn't he invent a cure? Wasn't he a genius? A sob left Steve and he hated himself for showing weakness, but Steve can't anymore; he stayed standing with his head held high bearing the weight of the world on his back for so long that it ended up crushing him.
That left Tony with nothing but to suck it up and stay in this town with the people he learned to love over time but started to hate because of the secrets they seemed to keep. It left Tony with nothing but living in a house that has a ghost hovering around and playing pranks that Tony doesn't know when they will escalate. It left Tony living near a lake that contained a monster, a different species or being all together; something living near his house and punishing bullies with death, a monster that Tony doesn't know what will do to him and his daughter when their patient ran out… a monster that his daughter shares the same eye color with…
Staying here was like Tony admitting defeat, sitting like a duck as he waited for Rogers to enter the house, but until Tony managed to gather his scattered thoughts, staying inside the house is better than staying frozen in his place outside until Rogers catches up to them. In and out, in and out; Tony breathed as he tried to calm himself, cooing and bouncing his baby as he tried to shush her cries and whines, trying to ignore how his child nearly ran toward the monster and jumped into his arms.
This time when the voices returned, they echoed faintly beside Saraious, but this time it didn't hurt, they were calm in a way, giving Tony the information and confirmation he needed. Suddenly Flashes of images replaced the white nothing that Tony was standing in, making the man choke on his breath when he saw the horrifying sights in front of him. Death… death has claimed every inch there was in the universe; the corpses were everywhere, the homes were destroyed. Plants, animals, peoples, lives, they were all stumped out like a candle in the face of a storm.
"Listen? Listen?! Listen to what? Ever since I became pregnant you were absent all the time, you are never there when I need you, and when I complain about it all you do is blame me for being too clingy or go on about how you are finally going to be the CEO and me ruining your chances! I should have known it all alone that it was because you had a fucking mistress around!" Steve snapped, unable to contain all the pain and hurt anymore, wondering how his husband could have done something like that after seven years of being together; Steve thought that the two of them were finally getting alone as they should have been, and now, Steve is being informed about his husband's infidelity by a fucking stalker who wants him for nefarious reasons!.
Steve's breath hitches as he reached a secluded area away from people, he just wanted to cry, scream, and shout. Was it too much to wish for his baby to live? Was Steve so bad of a person that God punished him such a punishment, why Peter? Why not him? Steve sat under one of the trees looking at his hands blankly. Today… today he left Peter who cried his eyes with May, before coming to the park so he can cry too…. Because believe it or not… Tony Stark died three days ago… Steve had thought that the day that Alpha will die he will spend it laughing in happiness, after all, he deserved death for killing Bucky and making his baby cry, he was so cruel to his baby… everything was going great May said until Tony Stark heard his child name, then he was a jerk to him, Steve would have understood if the Alpha didn't want to see his child, he would have understood it, but how could his heart allow him to break his son's heart? His sick son minds you that could die any day now.
The man Steve was sure was the love of his life, the Alpha with dark brown hair, and chocolate eyes. Their first meeting was not that much of a meeting, more of the Alpha hitting him with his car because Steve was in such a hurry that he didn't pay attention, thankfully instead of panicking or running away, Anthony had taken him straight to the hospital, the poor Alpha had apologized over and over again until Steve waved it off saying that it was his fault and not the Alpha's. As much as the Alpha complained that he had a work that day, he still stayed with Steve in the hospital the whole day talking with him, and he visited the next day, and the next, until Steve was discharged from the hospital a week later, with his left shoulder in a case.
Steve walked around Central Park, shaking all the while as he saw people from all Dynamics and ages, sitting in the park, children shaking, not leaving their parents' sides, people searching for their family members, teens running around the place helping people, paramedics, police, the army, all were here leading people to safe places far away from here, away from the battle, and dead bodies, and pain. The Omega didn't know what to do other than walking around the park going far away from the crowded places, wanting to be alone.
Time trickled away from Steven's grasp as Petrus continued to cry in his lap, getting comforted by both him and James; in the end, the little pup falls asleep, hugging Steven's mid-section and laying his head near Steven's wrist, taking in his comforting scent that caused Petrus to let out broken purrs. "You seemed to like him, are you two friends?" Steven asked, turning his gaze toward his son who was yawning.
Tony was really baffled how the big bad and huge Alpha before him was nothing but a soft teddy bear, but it was kinda calming on its own, not being pushed around or hit on for being an Omega, it was calming just to be talked to like a normal person when they finally finish and it was time to leave, Tony smiled a little and waved to the pup who was looking at the ground with a pout, the small bambino nearly throw a fit when Tony checked in and was ready to leave, only the promise of Tony to see him around made the pup calm… it was strange, how the pup was attached to a stranger and Tony didn't know who was alarmed more him or Steve, he saw how the Alpha was shocked and embarrassed by his son's action, but Tony just waved it off, it was probably a hero-worship that will go with time…
"So only courting, no sex of any kind, are we clear?" Steven asked which made Tony nod his head with a smile. "Good, because if you lie to me Tony, I swear I will let Peggy pull your ear off and not let you leave the house for the rest of your life, as for Rogers… he will get his dick ripped off and shoved down his throat after being violated with it." Steven said darkly which made Tony sweat nervously fear painting his face.
"But I have to." That made Loki frowns in confusion at Frigga especially when the woman turned to the pair that was talking; Tony was blushing rosy pink color when Steve said something to him. "If the two of them didn't get together… then the flow of time will fracture, even if I didn't want to do it, but the bright one must be with someone that will break him before he will be able to heal." Those words made Loki sigh and turn to the inventor that stuttered something before giving Steve a huge smile.
Natasha, as it seems, took it as her mission to interrogate him every time they were together, mainly to know more about the world he was from, it broke Steve's heart a little that the person he considered a best friend, always looked at him with suspicious eyes. "
It was scary, the thought of dying, it was scary, so, so scary; ever since Steve was a scrawny small kid of ten years old, he knew he will die before he reached the age of twenty. If it wasn't because of his asthma, then it was because of the fever, if it wasn't because of the fever, that it was because of the many sicknesses he acquired over the years. Steve knew he was dying since he was a child, so he was never scared of dying when he was a pup.
Finishing the attic and the second story, Steven then had to make the morning meal, which the Omega made sure to burn to coal, which always made the Alpha scream and rage at him and Steven's excuse was always the same. "You order me to cook, but you never asked me if I know how to cook." He always says that while widening his eyes innocently as he looked at the man, which made the said man growl and stalk out of the house with his son going to eat somewhere else, same for the evening meal, which will give Steven a little bit of precious time to cook something for him and his babe, to eat without the burning coal he tried to sale to the king as food. Then he will end up stripping the clothes and head to the river in the forest to wash them and then hang them on the ropes in the back of the garden to dry up before sunset so he will return them inside the house.
The way to SHIELD was filled with half thought sentences and ways of apologizing to the man, wondering what he would do when he saw the man, wondering if his voice would vanish or if he would start crying nonsense and begging the Alpha to forgive him, hoping that the three of them could move on from what happened and return to how they all were, a big happy family, even if they were struggling to regain their footing.
"Why didn't you contact me to tell me that you two are alive?" Was the first thing out of Tony's mouth, because one thing was known for sure, and that was Tony's patient was running thinner and thinner as time passed. Because seriously! How did his parents' hearts handle leaving him alone like that, letting him get tricked by Stane, ignoring his countless near-death situations that left Tony shaking, and wishing he was young once more living with his parents.
Tony could never gaze at any spider normally after that, always narrowing his eyes at them, wondering if they were a poor soul that Steve trapped into that breakable body. The third surprise… Tony prefers to never ever talk about it, ever! All he can say that it contains Clint mixed with a slim monster that is it, that's the whole story. Tony will admit though after he managed to run away the whole encounters became funny stories he told Dum-e while he giggled to himself, but even if it was funny to some degree…
"You are doing what you think needs to be done, it's not the same, Tony," Steve stated, his words causing Tony to fall silent, good, Steve doesn't need for their conversation to turn into a fight, not when Steve needed to gather himself first before starting his conversation again.
The warmth surrounding him rustled a little, and suddenly, Steve had a small wiggling form that let out a content sigh when it finally slept in the most comfortable way in his embrace. "
Slowly, so slowly Tony opened the envelope, afraid that if he went fast the pictures inside will disappear when Tony opened it, he slowly pulled the pictures to look at them, they were not much, just ten pictures in total, but for Tony… they were like a treasure… Tony went from picture to picture, biting his lips hard as he saw the child in the photos, dark brown hair, dark brown eyes, pale skin, that was his baby, he knew that face shape anywhere it was like his mother's after all, and he had his mother delicate features, he let a small sob as he looked at a photo of his baby smiling happily and looking at the camera with hands rising.
The sound of footsteps getting closer made Tony blink his eyes, and from his place at the swings looked toward the source of the sound, frowning when he saw Natasha walking toward him. "You are not welcomed here, Romanov," Tony stated tensing as he held his sleeping baby tightly, wondering what Natasha was going to do now she was here.
Tony smiled a little at the boy and nods his head a little which made the boy flush a little and look at his helmet. "Where are your parents, kid?" Tony asked hoping to drop the boy with his parents and go with his original plan of running away from the gala.
The shouts of his baby as he screamed made Steve's heart pound in panic as he slashed at the man's hand that was holding the gun with his small knife, making the man snarl as blood starts trickling down his hand as he let go of the gun, which Steve ran to but the man was faster as he runs at Steve slamming into him making the Omega lose his breath, it was a few seconds before the Alpha was standing over him as he growled, trying to choke Steve when he finally was able to get a hold of the Omega's neck with his bloodied hands.
When ten minutes pass and Morgan refused to calm down, Tony let out a tired grunting as he looked around the room, pouncing Morgan in his arms as he tried to think of something to calm his baby down before Tony lose it and start crying too. After a few minutes of thinking Tony smiled as an idea come to him, of course, how didn't he think of this, Anna used to do the same when Tony become fussy and refused to sleep. "J.A.R.V.I.S., lights on 30%, and play 'Can't help falling in love," Tony ordered gently shushing his baby as he starts humming gently, waiting for the song to start before he started dancing slowly with Morgan in his arms.
"To teach that foolish Omega a lesson…" Starkad hissed which made the man furrow his brows, already planning on asking Nattalegg or Klint about what took a place, feeling that Starkad was too worked up to tell him the real story of why he decided to take slaves or in this case
Opening the box with a large grin, Tony nearly let out a coo when his eyes landed on the ring; it was an elegant engagement ring with a blue sapphire in the middle, surrounded by smaller ones. “Well, aren’t you gonna but a ring on it?” Tony teased as he gazed at Steve with an eager look on his face, making a smile to flutter on Steve’s lips, a few moments later the Alpha walked toward him, standing in front of Tony gazing at his eyes before accepting the box from Tony.
Now Steve felt like he was stupid, he knew he should never have asked Tony, especially when it will hurt so much when he will get rejected; Tony squeezed his hand when Steve tried to pull it away and gave Steve a soft smile. Seeing Tony without the stress weighing him, made the sting of rejection bearable, even when it still hurt a little. "Yeah, yes, I would like that." Tony smiled, causing Steven's heart to flutter a little bit.
The second time Tony opened his eyes, he was in a hospital, he looked to the side still groggy from the drugs that were pumping into him, and he saw a shape beside him so he blinks then narrows his eyes, trying to see what it was. When his vision was clear he saw that his father was waiting beside his bedside, sleeping on the uncomfortable chair. Tony tried to sit up slowly, but a pain in him abdomen made him give a sharp cry making his father jump in his chair, his hand went to his pregnant belly, fear rising in his heart that there was something wrong with his baby.
"I swear I didn't know darling, I swear I didn't, I only discovered the truth a few days ago, when the tower was destroyed and I was looking through the archives." Tony said wiping his tears away, feeling too drain and tired wanting to fall in Steve's arms, wanting the Omega to tell him that everything was going to be OK. "Peter… he doesn't know about me, does he?" Tony asked which made Steve look away from Tony making the Alpha's heart drop.
Stane's screams made Tony pale, nausea taking over him as he tried to look away from the gruesome sight in front of him; Tony made a mistake when he ate dinner tonight. It wasn't until what looked like a ghostly bloody arm fell into Tony's lap that Tony finally lost it, his head tilting back as sweet darkness finally embrace him…
Shaking; that was the only thing that Tony could do, just shake and try to hold his tears in, wondering since when did his life turn into a joke. Everything was going to be fine, or as fine as it can with his son being sick, but he was getting better, everything was going to be fine. That was until Hydra decided to throw a wrench in his life once more; they decided to middle in his life once more, and in the end, they hurt his beautiful Steve, his mate, his everything, who was fighting for his life in the operation room.
When they finally left the basement and rushed outside, Steve saw all kinds of chaos out in the gardens of Stane's mansion. Reporters, police officers, paramedics, and people all milling out there. "Peggy!" Steve called out to the woman that was standing near one of the ambulances cars, tears streaming down her face, the sound of her name, made the woman turn around to look at Steve with a heartbreaking look, that made Steve swallow and he steeled himself. "Listen carefully Peggy, you go with the Omega, but please, hold yourself together, I will go with the pup," Steve said he felt Peggy chock on her breath.
At the sound of his name, Steve blinked his eyes tiredly and looked around the place before his gaze settled on Tony; tiredness and daze clear on his face. "Did we arrive?" Steve asked in a slurred voice, getting a tired nod from Tony, who stood up on his shaky legs, hoping that they won’t give up on him causing him to face plant into the floor; thankfully they didn't.
"Hey, Peg, can you get me out of these shackles? It's not like I didn't find them pretty or anything, but can you tell me where Tony is?" Steve gave Peggy a doped smiled as he shifts in his bed to get more comfortable. "God knows where he is right now… probably getting into another problem… being a hero… and all…" Steve words trailed off as his eyes closed and as soon as they did he was asleep.
"It depends on the person themself." Steven finally said after a while of silence, his answer made Loki lean toward him with narrow eyes, as for Tony who was still interested in the time travel theory, lean toward Steven to listen closely to him, ignoring Steve who was trying to get his attention. "Thor… he lost his emotions, couldn't feel anything, no matter how much he wanted, no pain, no grieve, no hope, no love… an empty vessel, he ended up leaving to travel the universe hoping that one day, he will feel something." Steven said that while gazing at Loki's eyes, which widen a little before returning back to normal, Frigga choked on her sob as she looked at Thor who was frozen in his place. "Bruce, became suicidal, doing everything he can to kill himself, he succeeds in the end, found a way to kill himself and the Hulk three years after defeating Thanos." Natasha tense at that stands protectively behind Bruce, putting her hand on the Omega's shoulder to calm him down. "Tony… we thought that Tony survived from the side effects, but as years gone by we realize that he didn't, in the end, his mind failed him and he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's when we talked with the sorcerer supreme… he said that this should have never happened." Steven's eyes went glassy like he was lost in memories, he didn't notice how Tony tensed and the scent of fear start rolling from him before the Omega was able to contain his scent acting as nothing happened. "Natasha died to obtain the Soul Stone, and Clint lost the ability to shoot arrows, he also lost his sharp sight, leaving his vision weak." Steven mutters as he remembered his friends and the pain and fear they went through after noticing the side effects a month after killing Thanos.
"We went to the electronic shop." Rhodey stated as he put all of their purchase on the kitchen counter, making Tony give a confused noise. "Tony… I think it's time that we install Jarvis." Rhodey stated after a little pause, his words making Tony still in his place, only moving to shush his baby when she starts grumbling.
"A question at a time Pete, we need to find the star first, later you can ask all the questions you want." Tony reminded after a while, causing the boy's eyes to widen in shock and outrage, like he was surprised that he forgot his original quest in the first place, with that he jumped from the couch pulling Steven with him to the big windows surrounding the living room they were in, thankfully it was night and not morning which made Steven think what kind of tantrum the boy will throw if it wasn't, you can see the stars shining brightly, and it was the first time since Steven arrived in Midgard that he gazed at the night sky, and it caused longing to take hold of him as he gazed at his home.
"Can I help you, my queen?" A voice asked which made the Omega turn around to look at the speaker, only to narrow his eyes when an Alpha with a black hair and green eyes greeted him, a little pause made Steven memories inform him that the Alpha in front of him was the one who was there on the night of the Hydra kingdom destruction, and the Omega pressed his lips tightly, the Alpha didn't look like he was after a fight, so maybe…
Tony starts going down the stairs, growling at every ominous crack he heard every time he took a step; halfway through, or what he thinks is a halfway to the bottom, the air around him became chilly, too cold in the heat of summer like they were in Winter, causing Tony to shiver and pull his suit tightly around him.
"His history with Miss Potts; what does that mean Bucky?" Steve asked, already dreading the answer Bucky had in mind, but when Bucky didn't answer him, Steve couldn't help but clench his fists tightly. "Please, Buck, what does it mean?" The plea in Steve's voice seemed to crack Bucky, causing him to sigh as he looked at his hands in deep thoughts.
It shocked him, after all, why would a star love a mortal, a mortal that was going to die between now and his next breath, a mortal who was nothing but a speck of dust in his long life. Loving a human, a mortal, it was hard, because days and years passed by, and Anton grow older and older, until his black hair as night turned white, until his blue as ocean eyes became dull, until his pale lovely skin became wrinkled… and he… he was a star, he didn't age, he will live billions of years, while Anton may have a year or two left in him, and then he will pass to Helheim or Valhalla while he will still be here, alone... shining.
In the end, Tony could only hide in his lab under his workbenches, trying to run away from the crazy Addams and their quest of finding the one who decided to raise his hand and force Tony to live in an abusive relationship… if only they knew that half of his relationships were like that. Needless to say, Tony's stress levels were through the roof with how Serpentine and Steve (Especially Steve) kept nagging him about the person who dared to touch Tony when his touch wasn't wanted nor welcome.
"Hey there, sweetheart; you made me worry with all the screaming that went on here, bad dreams?" Tony's words were gentle as he finally put his hand on Steve's head, running his hand through Steve's blond hair, the action made Steve's lips wobbly, and he did nothing but shuffle until he managed to hide his head in Tony's lap. Steve doesn't want to talk about what he saw, he doesn't want to remember what his eyes seen, he doesn't even want to remember what he heard, especially when he heard Sara's voice whispering to him about him getting his glow back. It was something that Steve suspected for a month now, but hearing Sara confirm it made everything much worse, especially with Thanos on the loose.
Natasha worked with the police chief Fury, a scary man that always gaze at Tony with narrow eyes like he was a criminal, and Tony would have taken an offense to that, if the man didn't practically look at everyone like that, even Natasha, and she was his right arm. Clint, on the other hand, work as an archery instructor, which to be honest confused Tony at first because he thought archery wasn't a thing, but after he saw the man in the field, Tony changed his mind, he even start thinking about enlisting his baby in Clint's classes when the baby was old enough.
"I… I…" Steve choked, his breath hitching, and tears started gathering in his eyes, what was going on here? Was Peggy really truthful all along? Was Steve really the insane one in all of this and that Bucky and he were really married? So far everything leads to that direction, and Peggy being alive was one of the dominating ones. "W-what's the baby's name?" Steve ended up choking, trying to change the subject desperately and forget about this insanity altogether.
"Mama, is that Harley?" Peter asked a grin stretched his lips as he followed Steve and Tony, his eyes were wide as they took in Harley; Peter was probably happy to see his friend, wondering when the two of them would play around that the other kid was finally with them.
"There is a lot that you do not know about me, foolish king." The Omega said as he took another sip, and the only reason that the Alpha did not snap at the Omega for his disrespect was the tired tone the Omega spoke in, it made the Alpha pause and take in the Omega, wondering what took a place for the Omega to not snap at the Alpha with fire in his words like he always does. "I am not working tomorrow…" Steven said after a while of silence, his words made the Alpha raise his head to look at him once more a frown painting the Alpha's face at his words
Tony walked toward his father and took his hand; another family member he nearly lost because of those idiotic drivers, thankfully his father was able to survive the surgery, now it's on him to do the rest.
It ended up with Harley and Tony being left alone, gazing at Peter and Steve as they disappeared before their very own eyes. Tony narrowed his eyes, feeling betrayed as his own fiancé sat him up like this, how did Steve not notice the uncomfortable look on Harley's face? God, this sucks, this totally sucks!
J.A.R.V.I.S.'s words made Tony give a confused noise, scrunching his nose at the information and went to the lift as fast as he can; why would Peter go to the roof? Peter knows that he wasn't allowed there unless there was an adult with him; usually, Peter was with Bruce, because his science buddy loved tending to the garden that Bucky started up there when Peggy brought him back to the tower.
The choked sound coming from Happy made everyone turn their gaze to the man who was gazing at Tony with wide eyes. “Tony… is that… is that an engagement ring?!” Happy finally squeaked, pointing to Tony’s hand that was on his chest, which made everyone in the room turn toward Tony so fast, that the Omega feared they are going to suffer whiplash.
The sound of the front door opening and slamming made the two of them frown, especially Steve who was still angry at Tony, planning on dressing his husband down for not coming nor calling, making the Omega worry about him sick. Whatever words Steve wanted to snap at the Alpha frozen in his throat, his eyes didn't leave the Alpha who was swaying every time he took a step after step inside of the house, and Steve didn't know what to do, frozen in his place wondering how his three years sober husband was drunk right now, the man knew that Steve hated alcohol, and he hated for his husband to be near it after nearly killing himself from alcohol poisoning, so why now of all times did the man decided to drink…
? It seemed that our next target has arrived!" Steve cheered pointing at the alien that looked like a purple grape descending from one of the ships and claiming to be Thanos the Mad Titan and Ruler of The Universe… or something of that sort.
"Oh, you know a little bit of this, and a little bit of that, and punching Howard Stark in the face until I broke his nose." Steve said off-handedly which made everyone choke at that and look at the Omega like he lost his mind, but Peter's eyes were wide as he heard the name Stark, the pup will become a buzzing bee every time that name was brought.
2-In Norse, the days of the week are named after Norse Gods. The first day of the week MANDAG (Monday) related to the moon and was named after the God Mani, or Måne. TIRSDAG (Tuesday) is the day of the Norse God Tyr, the son of Odin. ONSDAG (Wednesday) this day was named for the war God, Odin. TORSDAG (Thursday) this is the day of the Norse God Thor. FREDAG (Friday) this was the day of the beautiful Frigg and Freya. LØRDAG (Saturday) in Norwegian, it's the day to wash your clothes, "laugardagen" or "washday." The Vikings were extremely particular about their appearance and were very clean. SØNDAG (Sundays) the Norse word is related to the sun. The Norwegian word for sun is "sol," and there was a Norse goddess with this name, she was also the sister of Mani.
"No, my name is Peter!" The small boy whispered back, flushing when the blond kept smiling at him, Steven nodded his head, taking in how familiar that name was to the boy from two thousand years ago, the name seemed more modern then Petrus, so he can see why it was used for the boy.
"Ouch…" Tony murmured as he finally regains consciousness, Tony's body hurt, his head hurt, and his ass hurt, but the most important was that his back was killing him! This means he either forgets himself and slept in his lap on the chair, or he slept on the ground. But from the hard ground underneath him, he realizes that, yes, he was on the ground. "J, what happened?" Tony murmured as he sat up, yawning, and looking at what he was wearing, scrunching his nose when he realized he was wearing a funeral suit. It took a few minutes before memories slammed into Tony, making the man moan and return to lie down on the floor, groaning and moaning and cursing. "Forget it, J, I remember…" Tony whimpered, curling around himself and pouted, sniffing now and then as he tried to stop himself from throwing a tantrum.
"A foot soldier, I think? He was in the 107th, his rank was a Sargent; Sargent James Stark. That's what Tony told me before he arrived, impressive, right?" Steve smiled, causing Natasha to chuckle to herself and shake her head, she was probably thinking that he thought everything about James was impressive, which was not that far from the truth, unlike his husband, Bucky was a self-made man, not like his husband who will inherit SI when Howard retires.
It's finally here; the X-Day, his funeral, the day he will leave the world, the day he will finally meet God and try to ask for forgiveness for all of his wrongdoings, the day has come… the day he has his date with Steve… now Tony, like many other people who were forced into a situation they don't like, tried to forget about this day desperately; how? Like any sane person, he tried to push it so far off his mind, that it will go to the darkest, deepest, unused unit of his mind; a unit that Tony made specifically for trying to forget things he doesn't like and want to forget for the rest of all eternity… as much as Tony hate to admit it, it seems that Steve did grow on him, that's why he managed to land in the 4829th place, right beside seafood; a good start considering that Steve managed to land the first place ten months in a row ever since he came to live in the mansion.
"I am sorry Man of Iron, but I don't think it will be wise to explore Asgard in these dire times, but I assure you when we are done, I Thor Odinson will personally escort you to the explore Asgard like a true warrior!" Thor called out in a cheerful voice which made Steven sigh at that and grumbles.
"Ha, ha, very funny." Steve raised his arms over his head and stretched his body, uncaring that everyone was gazing at him with strange looks. "I wanted to come and see what the sun looks like at this time of the day; I didn't think that I will see the prince of Asgard eloping alone to go home, not even a word of goodbye for poor old me." Steve rolled his eyes, giving the Avengers a cheeky grin showing them that he was joking with them.
"He is my husband… step away from the closet, Carter, now!" Steve's low and dangerous voice growled, and Tony couldn't help the sob that left him as his tight muscles finally uncoiled enough for him to take a breath, feeling like centuries has passed with him drowning before finally taking a breath of the sweet, sweet oxygen. "Hand me the gun…" Steve used his Alpha voice on that order, and even Tony had to flinch when he felt the need to obey the order, but Tony can't fault his husband for restoring to this measure, not when Carter lost it and broke into their home uninvited to steal Peter and hurt him.
Will it be like the past all over again? When Antone's son died and Antone couldn't go on, killing himself and condemning his people to die out because he can't handle the grieve? Will it be like the past once more? Steve being forced to watch from the sideline as Tony and his family got hurt again?
“Like what you see, honey bear?” Tony joked with a large grin, his words caused Rhodey to laugh and shake his head, Pepper was sniffing and trying to hold herself and not cry at the sight in front of her, Tony was feeling the same, the last time he has seen his friends was two years ago; after he graduates from college at the age of seventeen, his father and Stane had made sure to cut him completely from his friends, if only they knew that Tony wouldn’t have been stopped easily.
"One day a couple showed up, claiming that they were on the run with nowhere else to go. They were both men, so we didn't doubt their claim, especially when… you know how the sixties and the seventies were to gay men if one of them wasn't a carrier." Tony hummed, nodding his head, already feeling like he wasn't going to like the story; not one a bit, and he was proven right when Natasha continued. "It turned out that they have heard about Rogers and the strange town that took the unwanted people, giving them a second chance. The two of them were sciences or something like that; needless to say, they were planning on capturing Rogers and dissecting him, wanting to know how he works and the source of his powers. We didn't know that at first, the two of them were just respected gentlemen, helping people around the town and making a life here. We didn't notice that something was amiss, not even when Rogers would refuse to show himself when the two of them visit the lake he lived in…" Natasha trailed off, probably not knowing what to say from the way she became pale like she was remembering a horrible memory.
"What's going on here?" Bucky's cold voice caused both Tony and Steve to turn their heads to the place they heard the man's voice coming from; Bucky was only wearing his sleeping pajama bottom as he walked down the stairs, the gun in his hands lowered down when he saw only Steve and Tony in the living room. "What's all that screaming about? Did someone managed to get in?" Bucky asked the gun in his hands lowered down as he looked around the place probably trying to find the intruder he no doubt thinks is here.
At his new-founded freedom, Tony managed to stumble toward the lake, trying to crawl as fast as he can so that Howard won't catch him. "Please, please, Morgan; help my baby, please…" Tony chanted like a possessed as he finally reached the shore, his mind thinking about his daughter's safety, ignoring those piercing blue eyes as they fixed on him with a frown. "Please, he is going to hurt her, please, please…" Tony breathed out, his body shaking as he tried to stay awake now the adrenalin finally left his body in the presence of safety.
Though when Steve lay down fully on top of Tony the engineer tensed, holding his breath and closing his eyes; that made Steve pull away. Tony noticed and start pulling at his arms to pull him closer again but Steve did not let himself be budged. He looked at the man under him, at his flushed face and clear arousal but there was something else in his eyes, fear, and just seeing that look there was enough to vanish all aroused thoughts from Steve, but he soldiered when Tony let out a distressed whine when he pulled away. With a smooth motion, Steve reversed their position so Tony lay on top of him, knees on either side of his waist. Tony on the other hand was looking down at him with bewilderment. It was an endearing vision. "This might be better." Steve said softly, voice lilting slightly at the end in question and Tony's eyes darkened and his body relaxed slightly, giving a nod at the unasked question.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence, a near character's death, Tony not helping while being a little shit, and Steve screams his head off! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"I should have listened to your mother and Morticia and homeschool our boy, but nooooo! I was an idiot who wanted him to interact with people and make friends other than us… I was sooooo stupid!" Tony cried out, sobbing into his husband's chest… he should have really listened to Serpentine, he really should have, maybe then he wouldn't be crying his eyes out at the thought of his baby leaving the home so soon.
"Oh, look he is awake," Clint said as he took a bite from his apple, everyone turned toward Steve at Clint's comment, and Steve did nothing but blink as he took the sight of his friends, smiling happily when Tony turn toward him.
Clint shook his head and went to the bathroom attached to his room; he hoped that taking a shower will give him something to do, before going to bed. When Clint entered the bathroom he froze as he saw that there was a strange mirror in the bathroom… how did it get here? He was sure that his purple mirror was here this morning, and not this strange one with skeletons… Clint then growled as he marches to the mirror, thinking that it was a prank from one of his teammates, which if it was he will finish them for once and for all! Clint glared at his reflection in the mirror inspecting the poor quality the mirror has; after ten minutes of glaring and gaining nothing from it, he snorts and grumbled to himself, vowing that he will find the one responsible for this and kill them. He opened the tap only to frown as he saw that there was no water, he gives the tap a couple of slaps and sighs when he saw the water start running…
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, violence, and blood, deaths, and Steven being a scary motherfucker and we are going to meet the Winter Soldier! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Tony, darling, there is no one by the name Ty living here." Peggy said taking a seat near him and pulling him into her embrace which caused Tony to let out a choked sob, hiding his face in Peggy's neck as he tried to stop his shaking.
"I don't know what to do about this situation, Steve, it is hell, and I am afraid that I made everything worse, do you think I made everything worse? I don't know, Peter refuses to tell the truth and Harley is terrified that I would probably hit him or something just as bad as that… I knew you going to DC was a bad idea!" Tony whined ignoring the hum Steve let out from the other end of the phone.
Slowly, so slowly, the boy untangled himself from Tony's side and came toward him, a wondering look on his face as he took Howard in, a small smile growing on the boy's face as he reached him. "H-hello! My name is Peter Rogers, nice to meet you!" The blush on the boy's face caused Howard to give am amused chuckle, for Tony used to do the same thing when he was nothing but a small child, the blushing thing, Howard meant.
An hour later Steve shifted nervously in his seat waiting for his name to be called out, nervousness warred with hope, wondering what gender his baby was going to be. Steve had delayed wanting to know the gender of his baby because he had hoped that Tony will be there with him when the two of them found out; Steve can't put it off anymore, not when he was five months and Tony didn't seem to want to involve himself with Steve and the baby this time, besides Steve has to prepare the baby's room, and he was tired of waiting for his absent mate to notice them any longer.
He walked toward the children's room, hoping that Peter will be there so the two of them will go home. "Tony, are you OK?" Steve's voice made Tony stop in his place and glared at the big Alpha, which made the Alpha stop and looks at him with a confused look, he was holding a big blue mug in his hand. "I see… it didn't go well." Steve said as he took a sip from his mug and looked at the children that were playing inside of the room, which only made Tony glared harder, especially when the man come stand next to him. "So what did go wrong? She asked you the famous question of how you feel." Steve questioned which made Tony hiss at him like a cat that got its tail run over, Steve only nodded at that. "I thought I was crazy…" Steve started which made Tony stop hissing and looked at the Alpha. "After waking up from the ice, everything was different, from places to people, to new inventions… I felt like I was drowning, especially hearing that voice singing inside my head, was suicidal on so many different occasions that I wondered how no one caught on me going insane, only to realize in the end that everyone is a little bent on the inside." That got Tony's attention as he looked at the Alpha with a tired look on his face. "I didn't want to get better, refused even, and thought that if I ignore it then everything will miraculously turn to be OK. If only I realized earlier that the reason for my fear was that, me fearing that I will really be considered crazy if I went to therapy more than revealing painful memories." Tony bites his bottom lip at that and looked around the place until his eyes returned to Steve.
?' left his lips in a whisper, causing Bucky to shift and shrug. "I just… I just think what Tony did was wrong, especially with his history with Miss Potts… seemed that Tony just didn't like me pointing that out to him." Bucky tried to joke around, only for his joke to fall flat on both of their ears, especially after what happened in the past few weeks.
…" Steve's Ma's last words were said in a banshee-like shriek that nearly deafened Tony, leaving the inventor swaying as the woman disappeared.
The first time Steve laid his eyes on the baby after he woke up, he fell in love, and fell hard at that… this was his baby, a tiny human being that was inside of him, a part of him and Anthony… Steve has never been so happy in his life, he now knew the feeling that his mother told him about, Steve couldn't imagine his life without the little baby in it.
When they reached the room, Steve hesitate before entering, but he took a deep breath and went inside, his eyes fell on Tony, who was still pale as a ghost, the dark rings under his eyes made him wince as the youth looked like a raccoon, though he had to thank the staff who worked here, they had bathed the Omega and cut his tangled hair to a manageable length, he looked more human since Steve saw him last time. Steve noticed that, yes, everyone was here, even Natasha who was looking at the Omega with sympathetic eyes, Natasha's eyes landed on him and she marched toward him, with a small bag in her hand. "Everything you asked for." She said making Steve take the bag from her hand looking inside, he then hugged her, making the woman held him tightly before letting go. "If you need anything, call me." She said making Steve smile at that and ruffle her hair which made her grumble half-heartedly. "Here." She said producing a phone out of her purse.
Steve told him that the mask was a prototype that Howard was making for Shield, he also mentioned how Howard always took the mask with him on any gala he goes to, just so he could run away from people in stuffy suits, that more than ever made Tony laugh and look through the window at the city, smiling when he saw Peter sitting in the back in his chair looking outside of the window with wide eyes, taking everything in. Tony smiled every time Steve pointed at a new place, talking about the changes in New York, pointed to a few good restaurants and café, bakers with delicious pastries, bookstores, houses, shops, and other things.
"Still worried about hurting me, Rogers?" Peggy smirks and he can't help but chuckle, tapping her arm. She releases him, rolling to her feet like a cat and tossing him a bottle of water in which Steven catches as he sits on the mat, taking a long drink. It's been decades since he's fought someone just for the sake of sparring and enjoying himself. Steven just throws Peggy a smirk, noticing that he did make her break a sweat, and he can tell already that's an accomplishment.
From the Greek name (Stephanos) which means crown; as for (Róaldr) it is a variant form of (Hróaldr) which meant honorable ruler.
Tony not knowing why Clint will say that, rushed toward the pup, which made the pup cry out in fear until he realizes it was Tony who touched his arm gently, that caused the pup to throw himself in Tony's arms as he starts sobbing and gasping for breath, shaking as Tony stood up and coos to the shaky pup rocking him back and forth in hope of calming him down. "It's OK baby, it's OK, just breathe like me… in… out… that's it! Good boy, come on bambino." Tony whispered in Peter's ear, which only made the pup whine and clutch the Omega's shirt tightly in his hands, tears dampening the said shirt, which made Tony's heart squeeze painfully at that.
"Come on, sweetie, it's bedtime," Tony whispered as he climbed the stairs, ignoring the tiredness that tugged him and demanded that he is to sleep… not yet, not when he still has unfinished business to do. "Here we go, come on baby, it's late." Tony tried to put Morgan in her crib, letting out a tired sigh when Morgan started crying; ever since Pepper and Rhodey left, his baby refuses to sleep peacefully anymore. Not that Tony blame her, especially when there was a ghost in the house. That was the main reason why Tony started sleeping in his daughter's room, just to make sure that nothing happened.
"Yeah…" Tony breathed. It's not fair that Steve can still string together complete sentences while Tony was turned into a bubbly mess, but at least his Alpha was finally getting it. "Yeah, need you to knot me, Alpha, need it in me, come
"That's when you are wrong Tony, you are still a child." That made Tony hold his breath and his eyes became glassy at that, and Steven wondered if his words hurt more than Peggy's because he was Rogers' counterpart. "I talked with Peggy… she was angry but she accepted for you to court Rogers in the end… but Tony only courting, which meant no sexual contact of any kind…" Tony's eyes widen at that and a huge smile broke on his face, and Steven was sure that the Omega would have rushed to find Rogers if it wasn't for the older man holding Tony's shoulder. "Tony no sexual contact of any kind, only hand-holding and hugging, if something like today ever happened again then whatever between you and Rogers will be over." Steven warned which made the Omega frown at that.
"Tony, here you are!" Pepper smiled when she saw him, and Tony had to hide his grimace, already imagining how his life will end by Pepper's high heels. "Oh, hello Steve." Pepper said after she noticed Steve behind Tony, blushing a little when Steve's eyes fell on her and Tony doesn't know if he should run away at this second or say his last prayers.
Was the whispered sob Steve managed to hear when he regain consciousness, which ended up with even more confusion as to when did Steve managed to go to sleep, he was sure he was in the gardens not a few seconds ago enjoying the peace, then how was he here? Slowly, Steve opened his eyes, turning to the side to see what the fuss was all about; near the door, Steve spotted Bucky standing near a familiar woman and a baby, 'Becky and Stephen' Steve's mind supplied, causing the Omega to narrow his eyes and before closing them, deciding to act asleep until he made sense of the jumbled mess that was his mind.
"I see…" Steve's frown become deep before it smoothes over when they heard Peter walking toward them with a plate full of blueberry cupcakes and muffins, Tony could not help but do a double-take because he was sure he didn't buy that many cupcakes, or did he? "Is this for Harley, sweetie?" Steve asked, amusement coloring his tone as he took in Peter who was concentrating hard on walking to them with the plate in his hands.
"Actually… we are the Guardians of the Galaxy…" The man with the mask and goggles said, lowering his guns when Steve squeezed the rodent tightly that it gave a whimper; at the man's answer Steve's eyebrow gave a twitch and a growl left him.
"Of course! Who else would I give the roses for other than my best guy?" Steve teased gently making Tony chuckle happily at that, Steve gave a happy smile as he saw Tony looking at the roses. One of the most heartbreaking things Steve learned in his life, what broke him on the inside, was when his love was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2045 it had been a rough five years for both of them, it was like Peggy all over again. Sometimes Tony would remember him and would be even happy to see him, the two of them will spend that day sitting in their room or taking a stroll in the gardens, talking about the past, what they were going to do next, or just whispers love confessions over and over again. Sometimes Tony would wake up thinking that he was still married to Pepper, he will ask about Morgan and why his daughter and wife weren't there with him, on these days Steve didn't know what to say, he will just take Tony to the gardens, how does he tell the love of his life that his daughter was 33 years old woman with a husband and two children and that his wife was still out there managing SI, locking Tony out of his company because of her want for revenge because she thinks Tony was the reason Happy was dead? Sometimes things were worse, the times when Tony woke up thinking that Thanos was out there and that they were about to do the Time Heist, he will beg Steve to come with him, to help him and the team, Steve always says they are handling it. But what broke Steve was when Tony will wake up remembering the Civil War, he would scream and scream when he sees Steve near him, because he will always remember Steve thrusting his Shield into the Arc-Reactor… Steve never regrets anything in his life as much as he regrets the pain he caused Tony.
" The king hissed as he pulled Steven with him, and this time Steven rushed to follow him while pulling his son with him, not wanting him to hear what's going to take a place inside of the room.
"Oh? Then tell me, dad, what do you think we should do? Because I am keeping the baby…" Tony said he could feel the room get colder after he said that, making him look at Howard who was making a good job of acting like a fish in the water.
Latin form of (Nikolaos) which means victory; as for (Fiðr) it is Old Norse variant form of (Finnr) which meant wanderer...
"The thing is… you don't have to, Tony." Steve said gently as he took the Omega's shaking hand in his giving it a gentle squeeze. "Asking for help… or even receiving it, doesn't make you crazy or weak, it meant that you are human… I know you don't see what the use of going to therapy now is, but you will thank me later when the shell shock wouldn't affect you as strong as it does know…" Steve's voice was gentle as he said those words; it made Tony looked down, as he felt his Steve's hand caressing his in a gentle grip
This was the second time that Tony and Steve spent a heat together, the second time for them to be this intimate since they got married and spent their first time in Italy enjoying themselves. Just like their first time, Tony couldn't help but feel the same as he felt on their first time, cherished wanted, loved… a fate that Tony doesn't know how his husband managed to do since they both were losing themselves to their instincts as their days processed and the heat and rut clouded their judgments.
"Brat…" Steve sighed as he said that word, poking the small boy behind the ear, a gentle smile on his face. "Is that any way to talk to Tony's father?" The Alpha questioned, causing the small pup's eyes to widen, and Howard had to smile behind his teacup when the boy's wide eyes turned toward him.
"Shut it off!" Zemo shrieked out as half of his face and the front of his body was burnt, it was a few minutes later that the scientists did what he ordered them, and that was after the man passed out from the pain and shock, when the bearer was down the Avengers reacted fast and quick as they attacked everyone, not even turning to Tony when the man, powered his repulsors and flow away, everyone knew he was going to Steve's house, and everyone hoped that he will arrive quick…
causing Steve to give a small smile of his own before sitting on his chair while looking at his beaming son who was vibrating in his seat. "Peter…" Steve called out gently making the pup look at the Omega with a smile, and the Omega bites his lips to stop a smile that wanted to leave him at how happy his baby looked at this moment. "Mr. Stark and I… had a little talk last night, and he was wondering if you wanted to spend today with him, considering that he couldn't take you out yesterday." Steve asked the pup gently, causing the boy's eyes to sparkle, and Steve gave a small smile already knowing the answer.
Steve saw worlds that lost everything this way, people losing their homes, their families, their… everything, only to vow on getting revenge, which will cause the cycle of death to spin once more, taking everything in their path until nothing was left unscathed. Steve let out a tired sigh as he gazed at his hands; it seemed like he was going to write the downfall of Anton this time, and it will be more personal than any page of history that Steve wrote in all of his long life.
The next gunshot was close to Tony that it made him flinch and back away, his heart pounding in his throat. "Don't play coy with me, Anthony Stark… or should I say, Anthony Carbonell? A real nice cover, I admit I didn't think of that, I thought you will try and leave the country when you didn't show up at that house in Georgia, but to my surprise, you were daring enough to stay close and in this ghost town too. Very nice, now move, we are returning to New York." Obadiah growled as he pushed Tony in front of him, ordering him silently to march out of the house, ignoring the growl send his way by Tony.
Rhodey froze in his place his eyes were wide as the song continued. "The hell? What kind of song is this?" Rhodey hissed, holding Tony's hand as he walked him through the aisle, shivering when he saw the Addams family sitting on the right side of the room, wide creepy grins on their faces as they took Tony in; what made Rhodey gulp was not the creepiness he was feeling, but what he was seeing. Ghosts, corpses, zombies, and even voodoo dolls were in the Addams family row (And were those standing hairballs?), making Rhodey wonder if this was such a good idea.
"I have no one, only my caretaker, but I am already a grown-up, 2500 years old, give or take a few decades." Steven said with pride shining in his voice which made the metal female hum at that and eye him up and down, well, to be fair the creature's head didn't move, but Steven can already feel its eyes on him.
"I'm sorry Buck, I just… I couldn't drag you all and force your hand… so I ran away." Steve said letting go of Bucky giving him a sad smile, as much as it pains Steve to confess of this secret, he couldn't keep it inside anymore, not when Bucky was standing here in front of him, after thinking of him as dead for the past three years.
"Let me go! Let me go you fucker!" Tony screamed, his terrified gaze refusing to leave the gun that was pointing to his baby, causing his breath to hitch. "Let me go!" Tony's screams get louder, and Tony swears that his words were echoed by a growly voice, but went unheard because of the howling winds.
"Because he is a family, and a family protects each other; if given the chance, Nicolaus would even protect our friends." James tilted his head at those words, blinking a few times as he seemed to try and wrap his mind around Steven's logic; thankfully, his son didn't take a long time before he nodded his head, accepting Steven's orders with a happy smile.
Tony doesn't know when he fell from the sky, but by the time he fell face-first into the muddy ground, Tony was pretty sure that he was miles and miles away from his teammates or any civilization for that matter, and to make things worse, his fucking suit was not working, which again was a thank to that fucking meteor and whatever that bunches of dead rocks with a magnetic field did to him and his suit… just his luck…
"For God's sake Stark, get your shit together, Steve needs you, your son needs you!" Hearing that made Tony raises his head and look at Bucky, he couldn't believe what his ears were hearing; he have a son! Tony's breathing hitches at that and he tried to stand up on his shaky legs, hoping that he wouldn't fall on the floor and embarrass himself more than he already did.
It was only when Tony saw his children putting their feet on the ground; he started pulling the rope before hiding it under the bed, rushing toward the walk-in closet, trying to control his heart at the harsh footsteps that thud on the wooden floor. Whoever was outside, they wanted their presence to be known, which made Tony swallow and hide behind some toy boxes and clothes, controlling his breath as he continued to hear the stumping outside before everything became quiet.
"I am sorry baby, but you can't really play with Harley now," Tony murmured his words getting a loud protest from Peter who was looking at Tony like the Omega just stepped on his metaphorical puppy. "Baby, Harley… Harley is tired right now, he can't play even if you wake him up, just let him rest for a little time before waking him up." Tony said instead, it was better than telling his son about how Harley ran away and how close the three of them come to losing him.
"Ah, so you finally arrived home, Tony." A bored voice answered, and Tony tried not to flinch at the dark undertone the words were spoken held. The man in question let out an annoyed sigh when Tony didn't answer him, leaning back on the armchair behind him as he gazed around the place. "I admit you have made yourself a very nice… place. But the time of you playing house is over, I'm sure if we go back home your father won't be angry… much." Obadiah stated as he stood up, his action finally snapping Tony out of his frozen state.
"Get out of my room, foolish king, I will start working after I rest." Steven said which made the Alpha hold back his snarl, only because his son was clutching his armor, and Gods above how Starkad wanted to scream at the Omega for being a foolish, suicidal,
Bucky gazed at her in a daze, looking to pale to be healthy, causing Serpentine to smile happily at that look; Bucky would have been a nice addition to the Addams family, not only because he was one of the normal who accepted their ways of life, but because he really loved her son, too bad her boy was in love with another who tolerate him at best.
"Steve, please call me Steve, Mr. Stark, anyone who can control this little brat is a friend." Mr.… Steve said jokingly as he ruffled his son's hair which made the pup puff his cheeks and whine which made Tony let out a soft laugh at that.
In the end, Tony decided to take care of everything in the morning, and fumbles his way up to the house locking the door tightly behind him, even putting a table and a chair before going to the kitchen to pour himself a glass of water, the glass clattering against his teeth as he takes slow, careful sips. He turns on the cold tap and holds his wrists under the water until his fingers turn numb, staring blankly as the water circles the drain.
Tony couldn't help but wonder why everything was taking too long, it was a stab wound right? It will be easier to treat a stab wound right? Then why are they taking two hours too long? Steve should be out of the operation room a long time ago; he should be out and annoying Tony like he always does, Steve should be out of there to pull his ear and call him stupid with that soft smile of his. Hell, Tony will even take a screaming Steve; he will accept being subjected to his mate's curses and screams if it meant that he will be alright and that he will get out of the operation room now.
In that century that Steven spent recovering, he visited the nine realms and enjoyed himself ignoring the stars who spit at him when he floats after he rejects the rule of Thor son of Odin, but what Thor the son of Odin did after his coronation which was stopped by the Jotunn, made people and beings alike scared, made them concern, because how will the nine thrive when they have such a foolish prince as a king that wanted war? Suddenly Steven rejection made sense to everyone in the nine, so now instead of being spate at every time he was with someone, he was looked at with desperation and hope, the stars actually believed he was capable of seeing the future, a foolish notion he made sure to inform everyone of, because why would a star be able to see the future when the only thing they do is shine and write the history down? Steven always ignored the other stars that follow him to be their guide, weren't they only a few days ago whispered behind his back and spate at him for what he did a thousand years ago?
"Yes, the little fella here is smart, but I had to say I am sorry Tony, I can't let you steal the pup, I still need him to make me an evil plan to rule the world." Steve said as he raises the pup in the air which got a laugh from the pup as he tried to squirm from the Alpha's grip only to fail.
It wasn't like Tony was always like this, far from it; in fact, before Tony started overworking himself to become SI's CEO, the genius will spend nearly all his days with Steve, always trying to negotiate with Steve for them to stay in bed today, even when they did that yesterday. Tony used to follow Steve around and hold him every chance he got, to the point that Steve got annoyed at how clingy the Alpha was sometimes; now, now Steve wished he was back to those days, where Tony was always beside him and refuse to let him go.
Steve still has his shirt on, but Tony can't spare any thought to that, not when Steve spread his legs wide open and Tony doesn't even hear the possessive sound that escapes him now, he could only jump his mate, kissing and touching him like the world was on fire. He makes to push his fingers inside of Steve's leaking hole, but Steve reaches to seize his hand. "No, just fuck me; I need to feel you, please…" Steve whispered, causing Tony to shudder. Tony squeaked at the way he has to stop himself from simply devouring Steve, which was a shame, but Steve already knows what was running inside his Alpha's mind. "It won't hurt, I promise it won't; I'm so wet. I'm ready, Tony, please." Tony's fingers are pressing into Steve's leg forcefully and Steve's eyes are shiny again and Tony can't restrain himself, which made Steve smile and let out a moan as Tony pushed his cock past Steve's rim carefully, locking his eyes with Steve who whines brokenly, quivering all over as he felt his mate filling him. "Yes, yes, yes!" Steve's chant dissolves into a moan as Tony leans closer, burying his cock deeper.
"No, doing that will only make them suspect and destroy all the evidence, not to forget B-the Winter Soldier, we have to rescue him if they realized that we know about him they will kill him…" Steven said being thankful that he caught himself before he slipped and said Bucky's name, which would have been a disaster, especially with the way Rogers was acting like a brat.
"Oh… I… I was sewing my shirt, it gets ripped a few days ago." Bucky explained as he starts inspecting the shirt for any other rip in it, causing Steve to press his lips tightly into a thin line as he gazed at the black shirt, he was sure that the shirt was familiar… it almost looked like the shirt dream-Bucky wore when he fought with dream-Tony.
Once the food was on the table, Steve smile widen a little when the brunt came to sit on the opposite seat, even if the man was tense and distrusting, this was actually the first time Steve saw him in the same room without the man rushing out, they eat in silence, not because Steve didn't have anything to say, on the contrary, Steve has a lot of things to say to the man, but he doesn't even know how to start. "I am sorry…" Steve said after he opened and closed his mouth a few times, not knowing what to say other than that, the confused look on the other man's face made the Omega give a tight smile. "I don't really know what I did to make you hate me, but whatever I did, I'm really sorry." Steve said, feeling uncomfortable when all James did was look at him with unblinking eyes.
The days after that night was spent calmly and as happily as Tony and the kids can spend them. Mornings were spent home with Tony waking up the little devils for breakfast; that always ended up with groans and whines and pleas of '
"I came here trying to look for a few DIY books; I'm trying to build this munchkin a playroom with the addition of a treehouse!" Tony grin pointing at the sleeping baby strapped to his chest, at the sight of Morgan, Maria's eyes seemed to soften a little so Tony took that as a victory and walked to where Maria was standing.
"No child deserves having their only parent taking away from them, even if that parent is a heartless Alpha like you." Steven stated after a few minutes, giving the Alpha a once over, before what looked like a painful smile took over his face; the Alpha's eyes widen in disbelieve at his words, looking unconvinced. "Did you know? War does not make winners, only widows." A choked noise left the Alpha after hearing those words, and he stood up fast from his chair causing the chair to end up falling on the floor.
Hearing his pup say that made Tony swallow tears start gathering in his eyes. "Captain… I can explain… I..." Tony couldn't continue words sticking in his throat, fear starts rising inside Tony about the possibility of the Alpha hurting his pup because of that misunderstanding.
What do you think about another Addams family AU? This time Tony is the cute Addams who tried to scare Steve and fail, as for Stevie… he is just in love with the cute kitten trying to get a reaction out of him.
"And you think I am not?" Fury asked with something akin to wonder in his eye, the surprise was clear on his face but Tony didn't point it to the man. "What if you were wrong, Mr. Carbonell? What if I am just like Carter and Barnes? Would you take my word for the truth if I told you that Steven Rogers is our savior and hero?" Fury asked, tilting his head to the side, a thoughtful look on his face when he saw Tony's face twitch down.
"Is that why they moved away?" Rhodey asked causing Tony to nod his head, unwilling to tell Rhodey the truth of the horror that lay under the lake and the lies and half-truths that came from the town in walking distance. "You know, it will be a shame if this room was left to waste, what do you think?" Rhodey asked as he turned around, taking in the room, and giving a small smile when his eyes fell on the ceiling that had
"Coming, J!" Tony called out as he sat on his bed, stretching out a little as he looked at the clock with disbelieve, but a smile made its way toward his face at the thought, his gaze turned toward his baby and he smiled happily when he saw the pup hugging his teddy bear in one hand and the blanket in the other, after giving Goose a good scratch on the head he leaned down on his baby and start peppering his face with kisses which made the boy whine at that. "Come on, sleepyhead, time to wake up." Tony said gently to the pup as he shook him which made the pup blink his eyes at Tony and pout a little, looking around the place with sleepy eyes.
The sudden change in the temperature caused Anton to raise his hand, stopping everyone from advancing any farther; Anton felt like something was watching, which made Anton feel trapped and uncomfortable, which his companions seemed to feel and express for themselves. "What is it, my king?" Tyber asked, only to get shushed by everyone as they looked around the place they were in, studying the trees to see if something was amiss.
"That doesn't matter right now; tell me Bucky, you and Tony fought last night, right? Tony came home late and drunk last night, you fought with him, and after that, I fainted, didn't I?" Steve asked, desperation coloring his voice, and fear start taking hold of his when Bucky threw him a confused and startled look, then he turned to gaze at Tony with an uncomfortable look on his face, like he wanted to be anywhere but here, and Steve felt his heart drop to his stomach at that.
Nearly fainting, Tony took a deep breath as he thrust himself far away from the ghost, his scream trapped in his throat at the thought of him managing to catch the attention of another Addams; Steve's ghost mother this time. "Oh my God!" Tony shrieked, his eyes widening even more as he gazed at the ghost who was solidifying in front of him, her transparent appearance turned into that of a woman with black hair and white skin, wearing a black dress; looking at the woman now, Tony can tell from where Steve got his look from (Probably his father), for the woman looks nothing like Steve.
The next time Tony woke up, Steve told the rest to wait outside until he finishes his talk with the teen. It made everyone heartbroken at the idea of Tony hating them, but he told them that it was nothing like that, that he thinks Stane did something, that nearly made Howard go into a fit once again, but thankfully Jarvis was able to calm him. Steve sit on the chair beside Tony's bed, he looked around in the bag that Natasha brought for him, the bag contains only a few thinks, a fancy necklace, blond hair that was drenched with old and crust blood, a snip of a newspaper that was talking about the explosions at SI, the rest of the newspaper was ripped and made into different shapes but mostly stars. Steve sighed at that and leans on the chair waiting for the Omega to wake up.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence (?), feelings, mention of past abuse (?), mention of rape (?), panic attacks, near mental break down, maybe fluff? And Tony finally gets his shit together while Peter being a precious peanut!… And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"God, I'm so jealous Tony!" Rhodey whined as he sipped his coffee, causing Tony to roll his eyes and munch on the healthy snack that Angie put in front of him and ordered him to eat. "Free stuff, being treated like a king, having people buzzing around you all the time… it makes me so jealous! Look at all this delicious food! What did you do to get on everyone's good side? Is it just the pregnancy thing or the innocent face and doe eyes?" Rhodey wiggled his brows which got a snort from Pepper and a pout from Tony.
He nearly broke all the ties with his friends, but still, they continue to be with him, standing by his side, refusing to let him wallow in grieve; refuse to leave him to depression…
"OK… you didn't tell her that you are taking me on a date, right?" Tony asked, fearing that his life was cut short fifty years early; if Pepper knew… Steve shook his head a no, which made Tony give a sigh of relief. OK, good, he can live a few more months without being targeted by Pepper's high heels. "OK, good, let's go." Tony sighed tiredly, preparing himself for the most terrifying night of his life, the insane grin that took over Steve's face, confirmed Tony's thoughts…
Bucky on the other hand was glaring hard at Tony, trying to make him burst in flames with the power of his glare alone; God, what Tony wouldn't give for that to happen at this moment, especially when Pepper seemed to be putting two and two together. "Tony…" Pepper stated in a low tone making Tony swallow and tried to back away before Pepper decided to skin him and using him to make a new shoes.
His action only made the Alpha smirk at him before leaving the cells, leaving Steven and the servants alone, the Omega relax a little when the Alpha was out of his sight, and he looked at his left bruised hand with a scoff, another mark an Alpha leaves, so Steven didn't pay that much attention to it, he just put his left hand on his babe's back and start rubbing it gently while cooing to the baby, it took a while for James to calm down, but when he did, Steven relaxes even more at that and purred gently, which made the pup snuggled into him and give a broken purring sound.
"Yes, baby…" Tony's voice cracked as he came toward their son, smiling gently through the tears, rushing to hold Peter tightly when their baby let out a shaky sob. "Shhhh, baby, it's OK, I'm here now, don't cry." Tony shushed their baby gently, rocking him as their son clutched tightly to Tony letting out small cries and hitched breath, causing Steve's eyes to shine with unshed tears.
It was hard; the past month was hard on Tony, it was crushing and scary, and Tony thought he will end up crashing before the month was over. He was scared; scared of someone that didn't even exist, and how is that even possible? He was sure Ty was real, he was sure that he met him with Rhodey and Pepper; Tony remembered the unpleasant words and wondering hands on his body, he remembered the cold metal of the knife, threatening his baby's life. He remembered.
If there was one thing that Steven hated with passion it was being forced to deal with disrespectable motherfuckers who think they are above everything so they bullied those who are under them, and what made Steven nearly say fuck it and punch something was that his younger self in this universe was one of them. So after the shock that the Ancient One left in her wake, and after Steven dropped the 'H' bomb, the team was now in the Stark mansion, which was strange because in his timeline the Avengers had been living in the tower before they start living in the compound, but it doesn't matter, as long as Tony and the rest of the team were happy.
Bucky-doll and the little spider looked at each other before letting out a shudder of disgust, an action that made Serpentine's curiosity increased. It took a few hesitated seconds before Bucky-doll and the spider walked toward their next distention, both of them looking like the two of them wanted to be anywhere but the place they are heading to.
"…I do in fact mind, so No, Miss Carter, you are not allowed to meet our son," Steve said after a while of heavy silence, his words causing Carter to inhale sharply and look at the man with anger coloring her face. "You know that the only way I would allow you to meet my son, is after you are cleared by several psychiatrists and doctors, not to forget the news should arrive through your sister as she confirm herself that you are stable enough to meet Peter; after that, and only after that, I can grant you one visit and that is after Peter, himself, agree to it." Steve reminded the woman causing her to growl under her breath, but a sharp look from Steve silence her.
If you are a horror fan, and like Stony/Stucky or Stuckony please go check my story 'The Rings' it contains lots of horror and heartbreak! Ha-ha...
' that without giving Tony the facts he wanted and needed. Natasha and Clint were also out, Natasha because she has too much attachment to Bucky and Peggy to not be affected by their words, and Clint because he does whatever his wife wanted from him, even if it meant lying. The same could be said about the rest of the people in the town; even Angie, Tony can't really trust her word not to be affected by her friendship with Peggy. No, what Tony need is someone not invested in Steven Rogers, what Tony need is someone who won't be afraid of giving him the facts and harsh truth; what Tony needed is someone who is old… old enough to know Steve Rogers when he was alive, but has a neutral opinion on him that won't cloud Tony's judgment…
It was only a few seconds before someone pushed him out of the way which made him squeak and try to balance himself before he ended up falling on his ass. "Hey! Watch where you are going!" Tony snapped once he regains his footing, glaring at the man who was frowning at him.
"I am thankful that you though fast, and went to Dr. Banner, the man is a good doctor, the only one Master Anthony felt comfortable being around." Jarvis said which made the Alpha smile a little at that.
"Every investor needs a lab… do you think you can take the first step?" Tony's heard Steve's quiet words, words only meant for Tony to hear and no one else, he looked at the Alpha to see him holding a screwdriver, one that Tony recognize, the one he used when he made his first circuit board, Tony gazed at the Alpha then at the tool than at the Alpha, seeing the gentle and encouraging look in his eyes, which made Tony's eyes sparkle a little at that as his hands slowly inched toward the tool, gently taking it from the Alpha's hand…
"You are living near lake Tones, of course, it's bound to get cold." Clint explained as he tried to steal a sausage from Tony's plate, only for Natasha to slap his hand harsh, which made him whine and look at the woman with the widest eyes that were painted with betrayal, when it seemed like it wasn't working, the man huffed and turned to Tony. "If you want, we can buy a new mattress today and bring it here, we don't have anything to do; my lessons for today are canceled while Natasha has a day off." Clint offered which made Tony smile at the two shyly as he nodded his head.
I sat with myself and considered writing a few more chapters to the story, but was like Nah, that will ruin it, and it did end on a good note here, so I was going to end it when it was like in a good place to end.
After that dark day… Pepper always came to the mansion daily, mainly to see Rogers and sigh like a schoolgirl, and Tony made sure to avoid everyone after that, spending all of his time trying to search for a way to break Rogers' spell on everyone, and stay alive in this cold, cold world, while making sure that Rhodey won't come to the mansion and fall a victim to Rogers' spell Rogers, who was still trying to court him (Tony felt sick every time he said that word) and getting nowhere other than a repulsor in the face, which did nothing but made hearts appear in Rogers' eyes.
Tony's voice snapped Steve out of his panicking state, causing Steve to sob harder and harder, causing Tony to become frantic. "Help… Tony… Bucky was… Bucky…" Steve couldn't even finish his sentence, because not a second later, Steve's eyes widen when he saw a speeding car break through the lines of trees, ramming into his car, leaving Steve screaming in terror when he was flipped over.
"Surprisingly, no one; the King was fortunate to react fast and kill the bear." The woman offered which cause Nicolaus to let out a relieved sigh, and even Steven managed to hide the relieved smile nearly taking over his face; for once the king was smart and managed to stop the inevitable. "I heard that Tyber pushed The King toward the bear…" Nattalegg whispered in a low voice as she came to stand near Nicolaus, her words gained nothing but a harsh frown from the Alpha.
"Tony… what did you do?" Pepper asked in a slow voice, trying desperately to keep her eyes above the waist and not let them wander down Ty's body as the man screamed and shrieked through the TV, flashing everyone as the police tried to restrain him. Rhodey on the other hand was laughing and clapping his hand, the look of utter happiness clear on his face (He never liked Ty, to begin with, so for Rhodey this was gold)
A prostitute! Just thinking about it made Steven nearly backtrack and search for the foolish king and end him; maybe if he ripped his knot and shove it down his throat, the foolish king would learn not to insult Omegas from then on. Maybe the brute would even learn some humility if he started thinking with his head and not his knot; Steve was tempting to end the useless Alpha here and now if he didn't want to ruin this day for his people.
"At least I am not peeping on poor helpless Omega who is doing nothing but enjoy their bath." The queen stated before collecting his hair and start squeezing it to get rid of access water, his words only get an eye roll from Anton who grumbled under his breath.
"Are you really a star?" Peter asked staring at him suddenly shifting to his father to confirm the news, getting a nod from Tony which caused the young boy squeal happily and advance at Steven, all of his sadness forgotten for a second, the news of him living with a star seemed too much for his poor little heart. "Oh, oh, if you are a star, then do you have a lot of star friends, do they all look like you? Is my lucky star your friend? What do you eat? You don't look like the fairies I imagined the stars to be…" Peter jumped around asking questions after question not even taking the chance to breathe, which caused Steven to become a little anxious, but Tony wasn't glaring or grimacing, he was actually grinning at the boy's enthusiastic responses.
It was after he knew that he could get pregnant and after Ty left him because he was a freak (In Ty's words) That he knew it was better for him if he stayed alone for the rest of his life and that he should count on no one unless they were his Star; ignoring everyone Natasha, Pepper, or sometimes Peggy trying to sit him with (Pepper and Peggy were so mad when they learned about Ty that Aunt Peggy herself went to the bastard and broke his nose, sending him to the hospital, it was the best day of Tony's life!) Tony never regretted not going back to dating, he was actually a lot happier being single and taking care of his smart and cute baby; he couldn't even believe half of the times, that Peter was his and that he was able to create the most amazing and beautiful baby ever!
The pup scrunches his nose thinking. "Papa is big…" The pup said which made Tony hum and start walking with one hand holding his baggage and the other holding the pup's hand, that information didn't help, for everyone was big in the pup's eyes. "He has yellow hair and blue eyes… he is a… uh, Alfa?" The pup looked at Tony who was having a hard time holding his laughter at the child's description, the pup said all of that with a cute British accented voice which made him think of Jarvis a little.
That lead to where Tony was, here in SI, here with Steve in SI, here with Steve for his birthday party in SI… it was awkward to say the least, especially when Steve looked dashing in black. Steve as predicted was wearing a black suit, a black shirt, and a black-tie… practically a black everything; Steve's long hair was slicked back, showing his eyes, and handsome face, giving the assassin an irresistible look. Now, if Steve was a normal person like him, Tony would have abandoned the party a long time ago and jumped that piece of hotness not minding doing the do with him all night long. But because Steve is an Addams, (An Addams who kissed him without his permission at that) even the attraction Tony had for Steve was shadowed by a little fear, which made Tony refuse to take the first move to do something about the handsome man whose hand rested at the small of Tony's back since the start of the event.
Steve presses his lips together at Anthony's joking voice, Tony? Is that what the Alpha wants to be called with? Why? Is it because they entered a new millennium? It was so strange looking at the man now, not only his appearance changed, but also his attitude, he was a self-centric, sarcastic, cruel sometimes, uncaring, and all of that Steve gathered in one interview, it made him wonder if something happened to Anthony, or he always had been like this but Steve was too blind to see it.
"T-thanks…" Muttered the Omega as he took the baggage with his left hand, his right hand was holding the envelope toward his chest tightly, Tony rushed away after that never looking back at the Beta who was looking at the Omega with a sad look.
loved fooling Alphas like Tony, I was doing what has to be done and stop our idiotic son from destroying his life." Howard hissed at her that only made the Omega bite the inside of her cheek and looked at the Alpha with pity and disgust, how could? How could he say this about the Omega without even knowing him!
Ok so in chapter three, I explained the timeline as much as I can, but now I decided to make a few little changes, instead of the Avengers arc taking place in November instead it will take a place in September, for plot reasons of course!
Tony was never there anymore, he was always busy to even say one word to Steve, he stopped eating with them, spending more and more of his time in the lab, more and more time away from Peter, didn’t Tony know that Steve and him don’t have that much time with Peter? That Peter was sick and that even with the high rate of leukemia patients recovering, there was still a chance that there was something going to happen?
"I am back! I'm back! Oh thank God, I am back!" The swamp/slime/goo monster cried, raising his hands and falling to the ground crying in relief. "No more living in the bathrooms! No more staying in this cursed mansion! No more chasing after that crazy Addams' affection! I'm done, you hear me? I'm done!" The monster shrieked as he stood on his shaky legs, only to start running while screaming 'I'm done!', it was a few minutes later before Serpentine felt him leaving the mansion's ground.
Believe me, this was the best ending I could have come up with, I really don't want to drag the story around and ruin it, by doing that.
Tony hummed under his breath as he prepared breakfast for his friends; the three of them had spent the last week of Rhodey and Pepper's stay preparing the baby's room and installing J.A.R.V.I.S. who turned out to be just like how Tony imagined him, smart, sassy, and too much like the person Tony considered his parent when he was young, even if it was an A.I. just two more days and the A.I. will reboot in as a security system in the house.
"Harley, wake up, baby!" Tony shook Harley after entering the room and locking the door behind, being thankful that Peter and Harley decided on a sleepover in Harley's room tonight of all nights; the sleepy mumble of his name caused Tony to sigh shakily, as he saw Peter finally waking up after Harley shook him. "Stay quiet and follow me…" Tony whispered, causing both the boys to be alerted, sleepiness leaving their eyes as they finally noticed how scared Tony seemed to be.
Steven said harshly as he wore his tonic, looking at the woman with a look that told her to stop in her wake, which made the Beta's lips wobble a little at that, but Steven's face was tired, so tired it made her stop.
It broke Sam a little that he wasn't able to help the Omega, other than giving him that heart retching news, he had checked and double-checked his information for a hundred times, fearing that he missed something, that maybe, just maybe there was something amiss, but every time he tried to find another lead, it all ends in the same way, with a dead end.
"He is away Tony; he is never going to hurt you and your pup ever again." Steve left it at that, making Tony look at his hands that were clenched into fists.
Howard is 65. Jarvis and Peggy are 64 though Peggy looks 40 years old because of the serum. Maria is 62.
"We came here to see the Shield!" James peeped up, standing in front of Petrus as if protecting him; his blue eyes were narrowed as they took Anton, sizing him as if the Alpha was a potential threat. Anton doesn't know if he should laugh or clap for the small Alpha who resembled his dam the longer they spoke with each other. It wasn't like Anton had much experience talking with the small boy, considering that the queen usually herds the boy away every time Anton came in contact with him. It was refreshing to be able to talk freely with the boy without the queen sharpening his sword to stab him.
They both said at the same time making Clint hightail it out of the bathroom, he runs downstairs in hope that he will be able to get outside of the mansion if he just reached the front door he will survive… suddenly Clint stopped, he blinks slowly as he heard an angelic voice laugh, the voice then starts to sing in a beautiful melody, it was so beautiful, so, so… hunted. Clint felt his body walked to one of the rooms without his consent, but he didn't care, as long as he heard that sound sing to him once more…
"Oh, nothing sweetie, me and your father were just playing pillow fight; he is a sower loser though." Steven let out a nervous laugh hoping that the boy will believe him, it was only a few seconds before the boy was joined with Thor and his friends, which made Steven grimace but he kept the smile on his face.
?' before tilting his head to the side, gazing at Tony like the genius just said something stupid, which was rude by the way. "But I didn't kill your parents when Hydra deployed me." Steve stated, which made Tony be the one who gave that dump 'huh?!' this time, because did Tony heard Steve right? Did that crazy Addams just say that he was ordered to kill his parents? "It happened seventeen years ago, I think? Hydra ordered me to kill your parents after leaving this Christmas party and make it look like an accident; before I killed them though, Howard asked to make a deal with me to let them live in exchange for his son's hand in marriage, who would have thought I would fall in love with you? I was planning to break our deal until I saw you in your tomb." Steve grinned happily purring in delight as he seemed to remember something pleasant.
"Let's go, they are waiting in Tony's room," Howard said tiredly, making Steve follow his friend, keeping his eyes on him, last his legs give on him like they threaten to do.
" He suddenly ordered, causing the Vikings to stop and look at him in confusion, just like his group of advisers. "Who said that?" The king took a step toward Steven's direction which made the Omega swallow and give Margaret his child which made her look at him in fear
"I'm here Dad," Tony whispered holding his father's hand tightly, making the older man blink and look at his son.
"Vacation? Your note didn't mention a vacation, Tony." Steve stated in confusion, causing Tony to blink his eyes and look at Steve like he was crazy, something that made Steve shift uncomfortably on top of Tony. "Tony, the note you left for me in the car didn't say anything about a vacation." Steve said as he sat up, the drowsiness leaving him causing him to become wide awake.
"You are not bothering me at all sweetheart, I will be really happy to get to know you; Peter told me you are super smart and love science, which is super exciting because I have been looking for a small scientist to help me with my inventions! Peter doesn't seem to enjoy bothering me in the workshops anymore." Tony pout, which gained him a giggle from Harley, who tried to stop himself before letting out another giggle, the display caused Tony's heart to pound happily in his chest, because he made the little fella smile.
"W-who is the owner of the threat? Your or Aunt Peggy?" Tony asked nervously as he twisted his hands together making Steven give a terrifying smile.
"Of course you will not, you are too busy chasing ghosts from the past to see what is in front of you… you were so busy pinning after a dead Omega that you did not realize you accused an Omega (And a queen at that) of prostitution for his act of goodwill." Jamti glared, which did nothing but make Anton bite his lower lip to stop a growl from leaving his throat. "You are no fool Anton, but sometimes your head is as hard as a rock; nothing can go through it!" Jamti continued, not caring about how angry Anton was. "As soon as we get back you need to ask for forgiveness, I do not care about your Alpha's pride; the accusation you spoke of in the moment of anger is not forgivable, even more with the queen being a widow." Jamti's words gained nothing but a nod from Anton, making Jamti huff and turn his eyes forward; Anton suspected that the only reason Jamti stopped growling and hissing at Anton was that the Alpha ran out of words, not knowing what to say to Anton without repeating the same words he kept throwing at Anton since they departed.
"Sorry…" Tony muttered, breathless. "Got excited." That made Steve give a little laugh. His hand begins to move up and down on Tony's cock, and Tony buries his face into Steve's neck, hovering over him. It feels so good to touch each other after such a long time; both of them could only make low noises at the way they remembered how to touch each other just right.
Steve only took a deep breath before opening the car's door and getting out of the passenger seat, Tony followed not a few minutes later as he parked his car in the parking lot behind the restaurant, together they walked inside of the restaurant going to the host and asking for their reservation. After the two of them were seated at their table, Steve finally looked at the Alpha with a tired look in his eyes making Tony swallow at that wondering what could have possibly made the Omega sport that looks.
When he reached Peggy's office, he throws the door open making it slam into the wall behind, making Howard and Peggy, who were arguing once more jump and look at Steve who looked like death had chewed and spite him. Before Peggy was able to say anything Steve stalked toward her with a growl making her takes a step back. "Is this a joke?" He hissed at her making Howard stand in front of Peggy trying to calm Steve down.
I was divided between making Steve petty who refused to forgive Tony for hurting him and his son and having Steve be a level headed person who will listen to Tony, but in the end, I know that if it was up to Steve he will make the best decision for his son and forget about his pettiness if Peter was involved.
Tony only smiled and kissed Steve's forehead. "Sure, sweetheart, whatever you want," Tony whispered causing Steve to sniff and for a sob of relief to leave his mouth, happiness and hope bloom in his heart at the thought of Tony compromising to save their marriage from being doomed. With a shaky sigh, Steve hides his face in Tony's neck, taking his scent and calming down farther and farther…
And now here Tony was in debrief with Fury and the team, trying to learn everything about the Winter Soldier in hopes of helping him, not that Fury wanted to help them out of the kindness of his dark little heart, no, but the thought of two super-soldiers was too much to pass, especially when one of them is The Winter Soldier. "Can you please explain this to me, Barnes?" Fury asked as a video start playing. In the video, the Winter Soldier strapped in an electric chair, it was then that Tony knew that they are going to see a torture video, which made Tony tense a little, preparing himself.
What made Steve burn with fury was when he saw Morgan a month after the funeral coming into the HQ like she owned the place with a frown on her aged face, it made Steve so angry that the only reason she came to him was to give him an eviction order, telling Steve to order all the Avengers out of Stark's properties, Steve just held the paper for a long time reading it over and over again, he felt the shock coming from the Avengers and the recruits in waves, and anger from his friends in practical. He did nothing but rips the paper into pieces and throws it at Morgan's face, making the woman look at him with shock.
"Leave him!" Natasha hissed as she came and stood in front of him, a growl leaving her lips as she glared at him darkly with her eight eyes… wait, what?! Tony let out a noise of confusion, blinking his eyes a few times before squinting them, counting the eyes he think he saw.
It was two weeks since Tony's heat ended, two weeks of being anxious and jittery that his father finally had enough and send him home for a month to bond with his new family member last he blew up the workshops in SI (Everyone was so grateful to have anxious Tony out of the labs, that they begged Howard to make it two months. As if Tony was going to let them ruin his projects!) two weeks of him and Steve doing every last minute thing they possibly forgot and completing Harley's room with a few more touches here and there, not knowing what a twelve years old would like.
"Yes… Mama told… me…" Peter said slowly as he hugged the man who was shaking, he sniffed him a little and purred when he also smelled like his Mama, it made the man start crying like the woman did and hug him tightly. Peter turned to his Mama who was hugging a strange man and both of them were crying, it made Peter look around to see his Papa, but he didn't see him anywhere, there were so many people! He never saw this many people in the white room he was always in, he just saw the bad man who always comes to hurt his Mama and sometimes him if he tried to pull him away from his Mama.
It was August 10th, his baby's sixth birthday, the boy was excited and was all around the place, with a happy smile on his face, but Steve saw him pause once or twice with a confused look on his face like something was missing, Steve went to his baby to ask him what was wrong after all Peter's friends were coming, Harry and Gwen, and the boy was always excited when he sees the two of them.
! The thing was both Rhodey and Pepper heard about Serpentine's promise, and both of them shrieked until Tony became deaf, and agreed to go with Steve.
"The enemy of my enemy is a friend…" Steven hummed; a dark twisted smile took over his face at the ironic thought of the Iron King being his ally in getting rid of a person who is supposed to be the king's mate "What the people will say, I wonder…" Steven mock, tilting his head to look at the king who rolled his eyes at the display but didn't seem concerned about Steven telling people about what took a place here. "You came asking for an alliance, but never once did you show me a sign of goodwill by offering your name," Steven stated his words making the king still in his place before turning to Steven.
"Shush, there, there." James said as he laid his small hand on Petrus' back, humming whatever kind of song that came to him, trying to calm his fellow child down. Steven couldn't help but smile at the scene in front of him, this was a first; his child never taken to anyone if it wasn't young Philips or Angela, preferring to not interact with the village's children for they were close-minded people. It was a surprise, a pleasant one though; seeing his child taken with another boy, and his age too.
The king though only raise an eyebrow at that and scoffed, nodding his head to the guard responsible for watching the prisoner, ordering him to open the cell in the farthest place from the servants', and all but throw Steven inside as he closed the cell's door, which made the Omega glared at him harshly, hoping that the man will drop dead any moment now.
"No!" Betty suddenly snapped growling as she took in Tony who wasn't going to back an inch. "Do you even realize what you are saying or did all rational thoughts left that overthinking brain of yours?" Betty stood nearly nose to nose with Tony ordering him to back down, tough luck though, he wasn't. "Adopting? You married last month and you are thinking about adoption? Seriously?! Look I didn't say a thing when you and Steve rushed everything and married because I can obviously see that you two are in love, but adoption? You are out of your mind, this is not something you decide alone Tony, you are married for God's sake, you already have a child taking all of your time, a child I might say not by your choice but because he is your husband's son; Harley doesn't need to be mixed with this, he needed to be someone's first priority, he needed a stable home!" Betty lost it then, shouting as she tried to make Tony understand how rash his decision was.
The years after that start running one after the other, and Steven was so tired, after the heir to Asgard was born, a lot of things changed in the nine realms, but it was now known among the stars, that he 'Steven' had rejected Thor son of Odin as his king by refusing to look at his birth, news like this travel fast, especially in the magical realms, so now Steven was called crazy, his sisters and brothers refused to be seen dead with him, after all, why would a sane star look at Midgard the land of pitiful mortals, when they have Asgard the Realm of Gods?
It made Tony a little afraid; afraid that if he pointed to Steve that he was glowing, the star will spiral into a dark place because then he will be forced to remember the person he fell in love with, the one he lost his glow for. Because of that, Tony stayed quiet, content with holding his son and seeing Steve glow happily as the Avengers continued their movie marathon.
Tears slide down Tony's face as he gazed at the mansion that was turning into nothing but coal and burning timber; Thor was trying desperately to put the fire out, summoning a big enough storm to do that. The thunder God was terrified as Tony was, but unlike Tony, he only cared about saving Steve right now; Tony couldn't blame him, because the only thing that Tony care about is finding his son, his baby, his everything.
"Nah, doll, we don't have any, but our little Tony here, live near the lake, and you know how teens these days are, watching too many cabin in the woods movies, they start saying that the lake is haunted." She snorted, which ended with Tony pouting a storm, though underneath he was tensing and shaking, trying to dissect Angie's words, remembering what happened to him a week ago, thinking that Angie's words have a truth to them. "The folks who had the place before you? The Rogers; couldn't handle living there after their only son's death, and left the place in the middle of the night, not even a goodbye to the Barnes family, who were their son's best friends. You can understand why kids these days love to make up ghost stories about the place you live in, though all have one line in the comment, and that is to respect the lake, and never under any condition have an ill-thought or bully someone or the punishment will befall you." Angie's last words were followed by a shift in demander that only Tony was able to notice, though he kept silent and nodded alone the older woman's words, trying to stop his shaking.
"Steve…" Tony's voice cracked when his eyes fell on his husband, his lips trembling when his husband lowered himself and helped Tony stand up on his shaky legs. The sight of Natasha and Clint restraining Carter made the last of his tension leave him, and he couldn't help but let Steve take his weight as he clutched the Alpha tightly. "Is Harley and Peter, OK?" Tony asked, wanting to know what happened to his kids, hoping that the two of them were in Sarah's house and haven't hurt themselves.
That's how Rhodey and Pepper found them, with Tony laying on the ground with a book in his hand and Morgan sleeping peacefully on his chest. "Awe! Stay still, don't you dare move Tony!" Pepper whispered/hissed as she took a camera out of her person; snapping picture after picture of Tony and Morgan. That action pulled a chuckle from Tony who put the book away and shuffled until he was sitting up, Morgan held securely in his arms.
Clint and Natasha found him later, with the assassin lying limp in his hands… if he roughens the assassin beyond recognition, no one mentions it…
"I will go…" Steve said making Peggy and Howard look at him. "I will find him, Howard, I promise…" Steve put his hand on Howard's shoulder making the older man bit his lip but nod his head at that.
! Hydra's servants?" The king said loudly, nearly shouting, which made the people behind him jump and back away from the bars, even the guard flee, fearing that he will be killed if he stayed and the king spotted him.
"It's simple, baby doll, I vant you. Ever since firrrst time I saw you, I knew you verrre mine, my mate, my everrrything; so kome out baby, I prrromise everrrything is going to be OK." The man cooed causing Steve to gag unconsciously and back away from the bathroom's door, looking around once more in vain, hoping to find an escape, the sound of sirens coming from far away made Steve's heart leap in his chest, hope started to bloom in his heart at the thought that Bucky is finally here.
Steve turns to the closed door near the window, he swallows as he saw Peggy and Angie were next, he turns his back to the family and walked toward the door, he opened it the door, getting inside the room and close it behind him. Steve looked at the pale and tiny figure sleeping on the bed and he sniffs at that, he walked toward the pup and took the seat near the bed, he took the pup's small hand in his and give a sad smile. It hurt him deeply that everyone had forgotten about the small pup, in the too big room, Steve squeezes the small hand, promising himself that he will protect the Pup and his Mother to the end.
"Watch your mouth!" Snarled Steve loudly, causing the woman to shut up and for Tony to flinch, especially at the anger he felt dripping out of his husband's words. "This is my husband you are talking about, and if you dared to bad-mouth him again, you would see something you won't like…" Steve growled, the warning clear in his tune, causing Carter to frown but bite the inside of her cheek last she said something rash. "You are not my wife, Carter, you stopped being my wife when you tried to hurt our son; I have no obligation to you, the same could be said for our son. You have no right being here, especially without your sister as an escort, or did you forget about the court's orders?" Steve stated, his words causing the woman to huff and turn her head to the side seemingly lost in thoughts.
"Anything you want me to do," Steve stated, his voice held no trace of lies and his eyes were sincere, causing Tony to swallow when Steve took a step toward him and surrounded Tony with his arms. "Whatever you want, whatever you ask for, just say the word," Steve whispered his words were enthralling and promising Tony that his wish will come true, Tony swallowed as he looked down taking a few minutes before he raised his head to gaze at Steve.
"All is well, young prince." Heimdall assured the look in his eyes soften even further before he let out a sigh and tilted his head, looking like he was listening to something far away. "Though you should hurry, my prince, your father is waiting for you in the throne room." Heimdall stated before giving Thor a nod, returning back to his posture with a frown; Thor watched Heimdall narrowing his eyes as if he was trying to see farther away than anyone can, an action that filled Thor with nostalgia.
"I'm crazy!" Steve screamed nearly throwing Peggy's phone at the wall and break it. "I'm crazy! I'm crazy because I continue to hear that sick singing day and night and it won't just fucking stop! I'm crazy because no matter what I do, I'm still hunted by Bucky! Look at this! What the fuck did you do Peggy? Who did you pay to do this sick joke?!" Steve screamed, he was sure everyone outside of the room heard his screaming, he was sure they all cower in fear after all Steve never yelled or scream if he wasn't giving orders on the comm.
"I know… I should have warned you… it's on me…" Bucky's mumbling voice reached Steve's ears which ended with the Omega trying desperately to stop a frown from taking hold of his face; Steve wanted everyone going and coming to think that he was asleep, if they thought that he was defenseless then his escape would success.
Harley's age is twelve, while Peter is ten and a half in this story. Tony is in his early thirties while Steve is in his early forties.
"It's for Harley." Peter peeped after Tony got in the car which made the Omega blink and turn in his seat to gaze at the small boy who was blushing, which caused Tony to hold into his giggles and coos at the thought of Peter having a crush on his BFF. "… He said his parents didn't celebrate his birthday so he doesn't have any birthday presents, that's why I wanted to surprise him…" Peter mumbled, his words causing Tony's smile to slip for a brief second before it was back.
His baby was going to be one year old starting tomorrow. His beautiful Morgan was going to celebrate her birthday tomorrow! Just the thought made Tony's heart flutter in happiness. Tony can't help but imagine his and his baby's lives years from now, imagining his daughter on her first day of school, imagining her high school graduation, her going to college and graduating from it, he first day at work, meeting the love of her life, her wedding, and the children she is going to have… thinking about his baby's bright future left him breathless as tears of happiness clouded his eyes; the thought of his baby having a full and happy life is all Tony ever wanted
And Tony… Tony was frozen in his place, he was shaking uncontrollably at what he saw and heard, a part of him was telling him that this was a play from the man in front of him, that his mate was home with their baby and that this was nothing but a play with his mate's look-alike, but another part told him that this man just took his mate and child away from him… he took his mate and child away from him! Tony let out a roar at that as he slammed himself at the bearer, over and over again as he let out a roar after roar, and when Peggy tried to stop him before he hurt himself, he pushed her away as he hissed at her, making the Avengers freeze in their place when they saw that Tony's eyes were golden… this was not Tony anymore… this was
Without speaking they both undid their pants and stepped out of them. They took off every article of clothing beside Steve's dog tags until they stood naked before each other. They appraised the other Tony more shyly than Steve. Steve liked what he saw and willingly at that. Tony was of a lean build and sparsely haired, his work in the gym did wonders to him in the past year and a half. Steve dragged his eyes across the body in front of him and Tony visibly shuddered at the attention. His cock lay half hard in a nest of dark curls and Steve just wanted to bite and lick him all over. Tony shuffled around before he took a step towards him and they kissed again.
The past few weeks were so hectic that it took some time for Tony to notice the changes that were happening around him; the most important change that took a place was his son. His baby was quieter than he usually was, always silent when someone wasn't chatting him up, and when Peter wasn't with anyone from the Avengers, you will find him attached to either Tony's or Steve's side.
How was Tony this stupid to not realize what Wanda's game was? How was he this stupid? Why didn't he stay with his baby when the team got their call to assemble? Everyone knows that Steve couldn't do much in the state he was in after the sunrise, just as everyone knows that Wanda was after Tony, wanting to kill him and hurt him, wanting to take revenge on Tony, when the one who killed her brother wasn't him, but one of Hydra's goons, when the poor teen tried to run away from that kind of life and warned them about Hydra.
"The two of us went on a date last night!" Steve stated in a cheerful voice that made dread consume Tony as he looked back at Steve planning to give him a few hits for signing his death on a golden plate; what Tony saw when he gazed at Steve made him flinch and back away from Steve. "Why? Do you have a problem?" The tone Steve used may have been cheerful, but the look in Steve's eyes promised death and pain to all those who oppose him, and for the second time that day, Tony realized why Steve was the scariest assassin of all.
Longing took hold of Steve's heart and squeezed tightly, and his throat closed as he took in the kids as they laughed, cried, and screamed. Just a month… just a month and Steve was going to be a parent of a beautiful girl, a month before he can hold his baby in his arms, kissing her forehead and telling her that he loves her daily as he held her close to his chest… just one more month… Steve lost his chance though; he lost his chance, lost his home, and definitely lost his sanity. It was so not fair… so not fair that Steve had to be the one who lost his baby and suffered for it while Bucky got to walk free without punishment and without someone believing in Steve's words no matter how much he sower Bucky was the reason he was here.
"You have grown!" The king said as he looked at the small boy which made the babe give a happy grin of his own that fell when his eyes turned to Steven and James, the small pup was looking at the boy in the king's arm with curiosity, which was something that made the king's pup shy away and hide his face in the king's neck which made the king frown and send a warning glare to the Omega, making the Omega narrow his eyes at him and hiss hoping that the man will keep his filthy misleading reasons to himself, though the king did whisper something in the boy's ear making him unlatch himself from his hiding place to look at the Omega and pup once more.
"I love you too." Tony whispered back, and the words roll off his tongue easily, causing Steve to smile, his heart thumping like there should be something even more to say. But there isn't, Steve knows that at least it won't be with words. "Let me show you, Steve." Tony asked gently causing Steve's breath to hitch.
"…do you think he is waiting for someone?" Tony finally dared to ask after a while of silence, his mind thinking about what Bucky and Peggy told him months and months ago about their '
"What do you mean Steve?" Peggy asked calmly as she walked around Howard to stand in front of Steve, as much as Peggy wanted to cower in fear from the raging pheromones Steve was letting lose, she wouldn't. She was an Alpha in her right and most important Steve's friend… she just didn't imagine she left him suffering like this…
"If you want, we can tell them after dinner time, knowing both of them won't eat that well if we tell them the news before dinner," Steve mumbled, leaning down to kiss the top of Tony's head, which made Tony purr happily and snuggle into his mate.
"Rumors has it that they are looking for the notes." Fury said as he gave Peggy a pointed look which made the woman scowl at that and looked at the notes once again, grumbling to herself about this and that until she returned her gaze to the Alpha who was standing in front of her.
"Stevie, please, just calm down and…" Bucky was cut off by Steve turning his enraged eyes on him and snarl at the big Alpha which made the Alpha jump and back away slowly fearing that Steve will jump him and rip his eyes out, which was not that far from the truth with the way Steve was acting around them.
"And in the unofficial records they were assassinated, right?" Steven asked which made Peggy pause and nod her head which made Steven press his lips tightly. "Does Tony know about that?" Steven asked already fearing the answer, and when Peggy shook her head no, it made Steven take a harsh breath. "How… how was Tony's relationship with his parents?" Steven finally dared to ask, already wondering how he will stop the next disaster; he didn't want another Civil War with Tony's heartbreaking about the truth of his parents' death.
"All for you…" Steve breathed, letting out a sigh as he felt Tony's fingers breach his entrance. Tony was always deft with his fingers, and tonight was no exception. He worked his digits expertly, drawing moan after moan out of Steve. After several minutes, Steve gently nudged Tony's hand away, earning himself a look of concern, to which he shook his head. "I told you I wanted to show just how much I love being yours. Let me take care of you, Tony." Steve whispered, maneuvering them back to his initial position atop of Tony.
“Tony, did you see my… oh…” Steve’s voice nearly made Tony jump from his place, shifting to Steve, Tony almost felt guilty at the panic look he caused on the Alpha’s face, as much as Tony wanted to say something to ease the mood, his words got stuck inside of his mouth, and he attempted to say something, struggling to overlook how both he and Steve shifted in their places.
Steve sat on his chair looking around the place; his heart was pounding in his chest as he waited for his name to be called out. Steve turned his sight to his phone, feeling a little nervous as he raised the phone once again and press the call button; hearing the voice mail made Steve frown, a scowl nearly takes over his face, he can't believe it!
It was just a stupid comic, Tony shouldn't get worked up because the names he read where the same names that were the reason for his life being destroyed like this, and Tony, he was tired, so, so tired of always getting his hopes up, only for them to dash away not a few seconds down the road.
it was at that moment Tony fell in love with the name Morgan, it was then that Tony wanted to name his daughter with this beautiful name; Morgan was the German definition for Morning… his daughter, his baby was his morning, informing him of the start of a new day and a new life; a fitting name that Tony loved dearly only to discover the horrifying truth behind it.
"Way to go Steve!" Peter cheered happily, which caused Steve's lips to twitch up into a smile before he smoothed it down; of course, Peter would be like that, if he wasn't then he wouldn't have been Tony's son, like father like son it seems.
Idiot, foolish, stupid, cruel, helpless, whore; that's what Steven was, that's what he will always be, the foolish Omega who hoped and trusted one of his people only to be met with deception and trickery. Steven had hoped that his child had survived, he had hoped and wished and prayed; he prayed to Odin, to Thor, to Frigga and Loki. So far the only Gods who seemed to answer his prayers and not look down at him with mockery were Frigga and Loki. Goddess Frigga gave him his children and the strength to care for them and protect them (Even when he failed half of the time), and Loki gave him his sharp mind and fast thinking so he will be able to protect those who were dear to his heart. Every other deity just laughed at his pain, especially Odin who seemed to be delighted with what fate handed him.
"Harley? What's wrong?" Peter's voice filtered in his hazy mind, causing Harley to blink his eyes and turn to the side, seeing Peter standing beside him with worried eyes, no doubt wondering what happened that Harley's asthma acted up.
It was a magical night in Tony's opinion, the best night of his life if he had to say so too. Tony let out a happy sigh as he opened his eyes, his smile getting bigger by the second when his sleepy gaze fell on Steve, who was sleeping beside Tony with his arm resting on Tony's waist. Part of Tony couldn't help but break a little, he finally tasted what it was like to be Steve's but sooner or later Steve was going to go back to where he was from, leaving everyone behind, leaving Tony and Peter behind; just that thought brought nothing but sad and depressing thoughts to his mind, but Tony shook them off. Not now, not when he had the most amazing night of his life, that thought was for another day, it was a problem that future-Tony was going to deal with, not the present-Tony; Tony now was going to enjoy his time with Steve, he was going to enjoy his time and hoard as many happy memories he has with Steve and Peter, and in the future, he will reminisce about those happy times and fall into the what-if. Tony, Tony was just going to roll with the punches, for now, he was going to enjoy and get busy making many happy memories that had Steve in them before the star's departure.
Steve was gentle about it, no matter how much Tony begged, but that didn't mean he was merciful. He ignored Tony's pleas of hurrying up, stretching and kissing and playing with his body like it was a fiddle that Steve had mastered, even when this was their first time together. Tony was as open as he can be from his husband's fingers, the bed and his husband's hand were drenched in his slick, and Tony was willing, so, so willing, and yet Steve ignored his pleas of hurrying up and took Tony's cock in his hand, giving it soft tugs "Are you
"Mr. Stark says that if you refused to come, then it's with my legal rights to take young master Peter from you." The man said which made Steve's heart skip a beat at that face becoming white before it turns red from anger. "Are you going to come now?" The Alpha asked again with a mocking smile on his face which made Steve growl at the man.
The door behind him opened, but Tony didn't give it any mind, too busy trying to write and rewrite the codes in front of him, trying to find if something went missing or if he had to find another power source for the A.I. to function on. The Space Stone was Tony's first choice, but so far, Tony doesn't know what will happen to Steve if they tried to take the stone away from him, so far no one dared to touch the stone ever since Steve overcome its power.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, fluff, sadness a lot of it, a little bit of violence, Steve being a sad Mommy, and Tony losing his mind! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Howard though could only gaze at the sight in front of him; he could only watch as the family in front of him smiled and laughed and joked with each other, their grins refusing to leave their faces. A part of Howard felt a little jealousy at the sight in front of him, he was so jealous that, he has wasted his chance in having this, having the family he always loved and cared about because he followed the empty promises of Stane. The larger part of Howard on the other hand was feeling love, pride, and happiness that his son finally had the family he deserves, with a loving Alpha that made it his mission to paint the smile on Tony's face, the lovely child who gave his affection readily; this was Howard's only wish for years, for Tony to find his happiness. It seemed that his boy did find it in the end, even when the road started with heartache and bad decisions.
"I came to apologize for what I did… and for what Bucky said; he can be a little… overprotective." Rogers said which made Tony blink and raise his eyebrow at the man, not believing that the man would say something like that. Was Rogers blind to how Bucky was practically salivating every time he came down for breakfast?
“Where is Peter?” Tony asked, uncaring of the question that Steve asked, or maybe not being able to hear it from all the chaos buzzing in his mind, how do people treat feral Alphas other than locking them up until they can go through them? How do they even treat a superhero Alpha on the verge of becoming feral? And what caused his Alpha to turn into this? Steve hoped it wasn’t what he was thinking of.
"I… I don't know… I don't wanna bother you or anything…" Tony's smile slipped for a second, only to return as he kneeled near Harley, making the boy shuffle before forcing himself to look at the Omega, gulping when he noticed how close they were, which made Tony try and force himself to contain his heartbreak.
Maybe Steve wants real words, or maybe he just likes how Tony was begging for him; it was probably the latter, it would have explained why his husband was left with his suit's pants, even with Tony's desperate efforts to get him naked. That wasn't fair, but Tony was too impatient to care right now, and he also needed to be taken by his husband, so for that Tony hooked one of his legs around Steve's hip and managed to whisper to him several words. "Yes, Alpha, I'm sure, now please,
"I… I hate you…" Steve whispered after a while hitting the armor with his fist ignoring the pain. "I hate you… hate you so much." Hearing Steve said that only made Tony shudder and for his tears to fall harder as the Omega repeated the words over and over again hitting his armor over and over again. "Why now? Where were you when we needed you?" Steve whispered trying to push Tony away, and when the Alpha let go of the Omega, Steve backed away looking at the Alpha with tired and cold eyes making Tony shudder.
"Then please call me Tony." Tony said to the man as he starts following Steve and his pup when the pup whines about wanting Tony with them. "So tell me Steve, is the bambino here always this energetic?" Tony asked as he ruffled the kid's hair which got him a whine and a swat on the hand from the pup, but it was so cute, like a kitten getting angry or a bunny.
Jamti though just rolled his eyes at Anton, letting out a sigh at the way his friend was acting like. It wasn't that Jamti didn't share the same sentiment as Anton; he knew what it would mean if their guests didn't show up, or worse show up. "Anton…" Jamti finally spoke clearing his throat when his friend turns his gaze from the metal he was forging toward him, making Jamti feel a little bit uncomfortable, especially with the news that Jamti was going to speak. "Anton… as much as I hate to say this, but the elders decided that this year will be your last." Jamti stated, trying not to wince at the dark look that took over Anton's face; it was promising death.
"Do you even have any idea what you did?" Tony hissed, gazing at Steve who was nodding his head like a happy puppy, which caused Tony to groan; it seems like he forgets who he was talking to. A crazy Addams who get turn on by terrorizing people. "Why do you always do this? What can I give you for you to stop terrorizing me?" Tony whined, growling as he went to the huge bed in the middle of the room; ignoring the scream coming from under the bed when he threw himself at it. He didn't even flinch at the moaning he hears coming from under the bed nor he was startled when the bed moved up and down trying to throw him overboard; it seems that it is official, he got used to the crazy Addams that he wasn't startled by his creepy self anymore.
James blinked his eyes, scrunching his nose cutely as he tried to think hard about finding some answers to his mother's questions. "I think… he was here; I saw him when I came. I heard that he tried to protect you when the bad men attacked and he was hurt badly." James explained, pouting in a thoughtful way before turning his eyes to Steven; the Omega waited for his boy to tell him what he was thinking of, getting curious every second that passed, especially when he saw the flush on his babe's face. "He is OK, I like him." James stated after a while, nodding his head as if informing Steven that his word was a rule and that no matter what, Petrus will always be OK in James's books.
Steve ignores the people in the room with him, but he was sure he saw Maria Stark and Bucky there somewhere, but he can't spare them a look until he was finished with the fucker in front of him. "What the fuck is the meaning of this?" Steve hissed as he slammed the letter on the desk making everyone jump at the loud noise he made.
"Why don't you look at that? I never thought that respectable beaches like this still have trash floating around them." Tony said back, ignoring the sputter the woman let out at the straightforward insult, letting out a yawn Tony stretched before he signed to Steve to stop his heavenly massage. "Come on, Steve, I am hungry, let's go eat something, and it better not be the shark from before." Tony hummed, standing up from the chair with Steve by his side, ignoring how Sunset was snapping and screaming insults at him as they left.
