under Steve's hands and lips
“You,” Sharon chuckles, “I meant you.”
Thor is just about to get comfortable, settling in his room for a day or two, when Steve remembers.
”Wait,” Tony interrupts, ”Thanos who?”
”We'll deal with Barnes. Don't worry,” Natasha reassures Steve, pats his arm. ”But I have to tell you, I never saw you and Stark coming. Who are you and what have you done to Steve Rogers?”
Then, they're kissing. Languid, heated kisses that make Steve's whole body tingle to the tips of his toes. Their tongues meet and Tony pushes Steve, leads them to the couch. He climbs on top of Steve and Steve feels wild.
Again, Tony is looking at Steve like he's lost his mind. He scratches the back of his neck. ”Um, haven't thought of dinner, actually.”
“What?” Steve says, unable to prevent his voice from trembling slightly, “What happened to Rhodey?”
Bucky sighs, “Enough of this girl talk. Is there any left over pizza? Or did Shuri eat it all?”
“Is Wanda safe?” Steve asks instead.
“Who are you?” Wanda asks, even though she could find it out with a single blink of an eye.
“Thank you,” he says once again.
Tony, maybe sitting on the edge of a couch, leaning slightly forward, shoulders tense, eyes closed, as he says, “
“No, you can’t!” had Shuri shouted from the other side of the room.
“I should go,” Sharon says, pointing at the door. “But I’ll visit you. You shouldn’t be alone.”
“Besides, it would have been weird because…”
Steve, quite frankly, doesn’t know how to deal with that. He takes a quivery breath.
He didn’t sleep much in the first place, but now his nights were spent wide awake, clutching his phone, waiting for it to ring, ring, ring… He would have answered it in a heartbeat.
“Princess,” Steve greets her, and she just gives a simple short smile as an answer.
seeing the pure terror in Tony’s eyes as Steve’s shield had came into contact with his chest.
“Like you are her father!” Shuri scoffs, “If you don’t let us go, I’ll tell Bucky that…”
“What can I do for you, Captain Rogers?” he asks, eyes soft and kind, smile welcoming, as Steve enters the room. T’Challa is sitting at the table, holograms glittering behind him. He had been working, and Steve feels bad for taking the future king’s time.
It’s a moment Steve wants to wallow in, spend an eternity in, but it can’t be so.
Still.
texted Sam, assuring him that Tony would take him in. Sam, stubborn as he was, had said no.
to stay here with you.”
”Alright, Rogers. Um,” Tony says, clearly not knowing how to react. Steve is still sort-of holding him, hands hovering over Tony's waist. Steve knows this is perhaps out of character from him. In this time, he had been falling, but hadn't known how to be around Tony. Tony definitely had no clue.
Frowning, Sam asks, “What actually went down between you two?”
“I don’t know much. I think he does things with portals, but he’s more of an ally than an Avenger. Oh, and we have Peter, but he’s a kid.”
“I don’t doubt that, but no,” Tony says.
T’Challa’s words warm his heart, but he really needs to go. “As much as I’d like to stay and as safe as I could be here, I have things to do,” Steve explains.
“I’ve been trying to help,” Wanda admits, “The truth is, the state of the Avengers doesn’t look so great know. If we were needed now, there’d be only Vis and Tony.”
That's all it would take.
And Steve holds him as long as he needs, in sheer silence. It's a long time.
Can't face Thanos again. Can't let Tony face him.
‘Can’t blame you for doing the same stupid thing I did,’ Tony said. ‘We go from James and James to no James at all.’
‘I’ll tell him tomorrow,’ Steve promised.
'It's more comfortable than when I was in the army,' Steve smiled. 'You get used to it. A hot shower might help.'
Tony planned the rest of the trip and tried to find solutions for all kinds of dangers they could meet on their way to this soldier. He also tried to work on a plan to enter the building. On the pictures it looked like a medieval castle. Maybe that is where the dragon idea came from? But Fury had said this guy had been locked up for seventy years, not seven hundred. It didn’t make sense. Tony would have to wait with strategy until they actually got there.
Steve couldn't see what was going on. The hair of the wig was covering his eyes, blocking his view.
'Hey, Sam, my neighbor, my friend, my man, I ran out of coffee and desperately need some. Do you have some for me? Please?'
'Tastes boring,' Tony noted before moving to the next one, like Ryan wasn't worth his time.
'I have about a hundred questions, but I want to punch you in the face so badly that I can't even ask a single one of them,' Tony hissed.
“And Black Panther? Could he?” Steve shoots back, making T’Challa laugh and grab him into a hug.
“Stark has gone through a lot,” Sam says with a quiet voice, “Do you know what happened to Rhodes?”
”Sir is in his workshop, Captain Rogers.”
Yet, he is a coward.
Instead, he’s going to stay with Wanda in Tony’s private estate.
“Still no word from Bruce? Thor?”
He looks into those warm brown eyes and sheepishly mutters, ”Sorry.”
“Christ,” Steve says, “Is he…”
Steve had seen the confusion coming. “Tony is not our enemy, Bucky,” he says calmly.
“Ever since…” Steve continues softly, “Ever since the battle of Manhattan. First, I thought he was some self-centered jerk. Well, he gives that first impression to everyone, but there’s so much more to him. I latched on to him after battle. Everything was… him, and it never stopped. I loved him in silence. Still do.”
“I- I was hiding for a while. He offered…”
“Maybe we should contact his girlfriend?” Sam suggests.
Their faces are only an inch apart. Tony's body trembles when Steve's fingers ghost over his thighs.
They find Wanda in the common room, half glancing at some mindless soap opera on the TV, half scrolling through her phone.
There are things coming. Ultron. The accords. Destruction of Asgard. Wakanda. And Thanos. They all seem like domino pieces, tumbling over each other until they reach the worst possible outcome.
“Did that matter when Steve raped him? Did Tony get a choice?” Images of Tony spark in his mind, how much it took out of his mate to admit to his attraction. To wanting Steve. Tony made his choice when he chose to play chicken on the helicarrier. If he’d submitted without a fight, Steve wouldn’t have been interested. Tony had to have known what he was getting himself into, getting into it with an Alpha like Steve.
Because if you asked anyone, Tony needs a minder, someone to care for him. And not in the way Omegas typically care for their Alphas. Again, Steve isn’t against the breaking of gender norms; he couldn’t care less who cooks, does the dishes, laundry, etc. He just thinks that if Tony were an Omega, his Alpha would regulate those bursts of manic energy. Fuck it right out of him.
Steve takes his leave, feeling restless. He picks up some of his art materials, charcoal pencils and paper pads, and settles in to start drawing. It’s not surprising when he ends up seeing Tony on the page. Tony’s hands, Tony’s face, Tony’s body. Steve doesn’t do him the disservice of trying to draw him nude because he hasn’t seen Tony without boxers or a shirt, but it doesn’t stop him from imagining the curves that exist under the fabric. For hours he draws, pencil swiping this way and that, scritch-scratching across the page.
Tony finally stops arching his back and collapses back to the bed, sweat-stained and exhausted. Steve pulls off and out, and immediately brings his fingers to his mouth.
“Oh god, please, please Steve– I fucking need it.”
Thor promises to meet them at the shawarma place in a few, after he secures his brother. Thankfully Loki is done putting up a fight.
They fall asleep like that, Steve slipping out sometime during their snooze, his cum leaking over the both of them.
Now, to hunt.
He breathes in and out, letting his body slacken and his head fall onto the page in his lap. Crouched over his drawings, he closes his eyes.
“I’ve had my fair share of good luck in this life. Maybe I’ve run out. I don’t know. I deserve to have it run out. I don’t
“We’ll see about that. And it’s Tony, you geriatric ass—” Tony whips open the door to the conference room and stalks out of it, looking determined. He won’t have any luck. SHIELD’s lawyers had been thorough. This time tomorrow, they’ll have exchanged mating bites.
“Fuck!” Bucky judders, hips sliding through sweat and jerking into Tony’s used hole. “Need to fill you—” Bucky pants out, fingers gripping tight enough to leave petal shaped bruises on Tony’s legs as Bucky’s cock gets ever harder.
He sits up just as the handle to the door starts to jiggle, back and forth, as if a child is trying to open the door. There’s a tension in the air, and he thinks that he’s not in Kansas anymore. Wherever this is, the decor is disjointed, the atmosphere wrong. Like someone has tossed together the pieces of a life but gave no thought as to the utility of it all.
“I honestly just wanted him to be able to take care of himself, but instead he ended up not eating. And now I just—well, you don’t have to listen to my problems,” Steve finishes lamely.
“No! I’ve had both of you manhandling me, and I can’t take it anymore. I can’t. Please Bucky.
The corpses of the other Kaiju have sunk down into the water, the glittering phosphorescence of their bulk dancing just out of plain sight.
me. Make me take it. I want—I want you to fill me. Please? Please, please, please, please.” Tony’s breath is punched out as he rides Steve. Steve can barely hold himself back anymore already. Every cry from Tony’s lips drives Steve to new and greater heights. His balls are clenched in desperation, the need to fill Tony taking him excruciatingly higher. Tony is so slick and wet and hot inside. He feels himself start to grow inside Tony, and he throws his head back at the mind-bending sensation. Pleasure roars between them, coursing and flowing back and forth like some underground river.
. He can’t take advantage of Steve. Even though he very much wants to. But telling? That would be even worse. Because if Steve rejects him, which he will, then the team will suffer the consequences.
Everything here is smooth and sleek. He wonders when he stopped hating it. When he stopped hating everything about Tony. Now he sees just how powerful Tony is to have made it in this world, with alphas like him trying to pull and push him into what they wanted. Tony has never once given into Steve. The strength that has taken astounds him. Before, it was the source of his anger at Tony. Now he can see Tony’s defiance in a new light. Edith showed him.
“Already on it.” Tony strolls over, carrying tubing and needles. “Both sides sweetheart.”
Tony, who is bent over his technology, a distant look on his face.
It’s these moments that Tony knows with a certainty that while the Kaiju themselves don’t care about their lives, they’re too petty to be lacking in sentience.
Tony turns to run, but Bucky is faster. So much faster.
“A sore loser, I never would have guessed. How’s about, we take the cube, and you take Loki back to wherever he crawled out from, hmm? Until then, stay out of my way. Tourist.” He mumbles the last line and turns to leave, repulsors on partial thrust.
mad, but maybe Tony is right and he hasn’t seen the explosion yet. Thor and Banner add their piece while Cap is glowering and looking pointedly away from Tony, so he throws his arm around the other man.
“Shh, I promise it’ll feel so good soon. Just let it happen. Hold me inside you, yeah, just like that. Tony, you’re so tight and good. So very good, my beautiful omega.” Being stroked all over by Steve makes the pain more bearable, and when Steve plucks at Tony’s hard cock, the pain almost evaporates altogether.
His Tony is packed into Steve’s room, burrowed under the covers and surrounded by pillows. He’d taken the entire nest from the Brooklyn apartment and had it transferred here. The ride home had been almost too much for him to bear without being able to touch Tony.
Steve reached out again and draws his hand along the alula, down to the primary coverts, ending in a long tug on Tony’s primaries. It gave Tony a full-body shudder and no small amount of sheer panic.
And the soft little smiles of contentment that Tony gives him? He keeps them all for himself, hoarding the sweetness that is his lover. He’s not sure if he’s ever been so happy, or if Tony has either. No matter what happens, they’re in this together, and they need barely any words to each other for both of them to know this is true.
“Did the obnoxiously loud music not make it clear that I didn’t want a visit from anyone?”
It’s almost good that they hate each other because that keeps them from seeing what’s probably obviously written on Tony’s face: he likes them both.
“I’ll be honest. You’re all the same in the end. I’ve never met one alpha in my life who hasn’t crossed the line at least once.” The other omegas stay silent beside Trevor as he speaks.
“For you.” They sway together, forehead to forehead, lips to lips, hand to hand. Slowly, Tony begins to pull at Steve, who follows like a magnet. They make their way to the bedroom, unable to be parted from one another.
“Steve, I can’t— I can’t wait. Need—”
“But you aren’t a soldier anymore! Neither of us should march to Fury’s fife.”
“You are evil. You’re just as evil as the Red Skull, except he wouldn’t have cared enough to rape someone.” That hits low on Steve, and he has a brief flicker of doubt. Erskine asked him to be a good man. And he knows he is. If he wasn’t good, he wouldn’t have done this for Tony. With an Alpha, Tony will stabilize, drink less, be able to destress when he’s wound up, and otherwise be an overall happier person. That’s the benefit of a bond. And Tony has a bond with Steve, who would do anything for Tony. Underneath everything, Tony wants him too.
It was always easier when Tony had something to fight. Now he was just scrapping at his scabs, letting the blood dribble out of his wounds. As if he could shed his filthy thoughts of reviving her and killing her all over again. Of his pathological jealousy of whoever had done it. Whoever had taken from him what was
The noise peters out and goes the other direction, towards the camp. He breathes a sigh of relief and gets up, dusting his pants off of whatever else is laying on the ground.
“Yes.”
“Mm, sorry, but that’s the plan.” Loki turns, a manic smile pasted on his face, the edginess of his composure still concerning Tony. Where did the man get his army anyway?
The door creaks under his hand, the familiar sound of it soothing. If there’s one thing that’s true of all dimly lit, questionable bars, it’s that they often squeak at the hinges and look perpetually dirty. The sound is safe, familiar, the ambiance wrapping him in like a dark cloak.
“Ok, fair point. Have you talked to him though? Does he want this?” Bucky asks.
could do that for him. For Pepper, it was necessary that Stark Industries and Tony were inextricable—and, as close as Tony is to Rhodey, they have never been
. He’s plugging up Tony with his knot, and every single cell inside of him knows only the shape of
Thus begins his campaign against Tony’s fortressed body.
But now all Tony could think about was that he should have
Flickering images pass through Tony’s mind. In them,
“Yes, it would be awkward, but I’d rather this than let the alternative happen.” Steve’s lips hover over his glands. Neither of them has moved from their position since Steve had pressed him to the bed. Steve’s hands, capable of such brutality that he’s never committed, linger on Tony’s flesh. Maybe he wants to do such wonderfully violent things upon Tony. Maybe he’ll clutch at Tony’s throat, pull his hair until Tony’s head rests on his shoulder, and tell him all the things he’s going to do to Tony.
“You’ll find that I can. Legally.” Steve ruffles his hands through Tony’s hair, fondly tugging at the dark locks that Tony hasn’t cut recently. When Tony is good, he’ll let Steve take care of that, of him.
“Well I’d hate to see you leave, but I kind of hate it when you’re here too.” Tony sighs, mournful. “Do you have any idea what these people will do to get perfection? I can’t wait to watch.” He slips the helmet over his head and launches himself towards the city, hoping for a glimpse of the feeding frenzy that’s about to start.
When he gets to the tower, he’s more collected, but still jittery and disoriented. He looks around at everything Tony has built, all the little pieces of art and furniture. Tony managed all of this on his own.
“You gonna stop me?” And that’s when Cap snatches his neck, squeezing down on the sensitive glands. He leaks out a soft and embarrassing
Steve gently squeezes the table under his hands, trying not to break it. That didn’t go well. He’d been so sure he hadn’t misread Bucky’s expression. So now he has to consider the fact that Bucky could be right. That even if Tony turns into a monster while he’s in a rut, that he’s lonely and unhappy, is no justification to change his whole life permanently. Besides, Tony could just change it back. Which is more of a point in Steve’s column than it is Tony’s.
“I was awake. I heard you shouting.” Tony doesn’t make eye contact as he confesses, and Steve feels a smidgen of something warm in his gut that Tony came to check on him. Even after all the problems they’d been going through, problems caused by Tony, Tony still a good omega underneath all of the problems.
. Which looks good on him too, that chiseled jawline with high cheekbones emphasizing the granite-cut shape of his nose and crinkle in his brow. As he’d said, perfectly symmetrical. Blond. Gorgeous. Tony can’t resist. But he’s going to have to try, because Captain America is turning out to be Captain shitty-attitude.
“It’s been over twenty minutes. I don’t know how he’s still here and hanging on, but we’ve got to get antibodies in him,
Nonetheless, Steve goes to bed feeling like he’s accomplished something.
“Tony, I have breakfast here.”
Steve hears the soft hum of the repulsor tech as it swoops up behind him. With a soft click, Tony’s metal boots hit the cragged and broken ground, and he walks up to stand next to Steve. As Steve turns to look, Tony’s eyes are backlit in a swirling orange from the reflected flames of the Triskelion. His features are cast in sharp shadows that flicker across his perfect face.
“Yes, yes, yes, please, I can’t, Bucky!” Babbling, Tony smacks his palms against the wall and braces as Bucky curls his fingers just so. It tears a loud shout from his throat.
“I just think I’m hands down amazing, but I’m surprised you agree, frankly. Seeing as we hardly get along.” Tony’s eyes are almost shuttered, but Tony’s posture is submissive, chin tilted up as he leans back into the couch cushions. It’s inviting, thrilling to see. He watches Tony’s pulse point, the sheen of Tony’s glands peeking out from the side of his neck. It’s unbearable.
The light of the camera turns off, and Tony collapses, dizzy and lightheaded. He ignores his cock, the throbbing a distraction that he can’t afford to follow, and stands off the bed with a moan as the plug jostles inside him.
“That was meant for me.” Tony butts in.
Because it was Murphy's law that Tony had met thousands of people, and not once had he gotten more than a whiff of someone interesting. If there was someone, anyone, who was compatible, the person he’d go classic Omega for, they didn’t exist, except as a biological backpack filled with instinct-bricks that he was forced to carry around every day. And Tony didn’t do instinct. The little voice of instinct in his head whispering alpha, alpha, alpha, was a lying liar who lies.
“Love to hear you beg for it. Omega.” He whispers against Tony’s spine, fingers scissoring into Tony, who can feel how sloppy-loose he is. Tony doesn’t need Steve’s fingers. He wants Steve to impale him on his cock already, and proceeds to keen again, high and needy.
He remembers the first taste of acrid air, the stink of welding and burnt plastics serenading his deepest cravings for this way of life. The floors clicked underneath his military-issued boots, the world swirling around him as people bobbed right and left, bent on their missions. It was an indifference Tony was gasping and begging for, a life away from being the son of a very rich man with very far reach. Here, he was just Tony.
“There won’t be an Alpha in sight. It’s in the rather extensive contract I had them sign just to step through our doors. There’ll be more contracts if you have any success with the scents.” Pepper bypassed his joke completely, which was speaking to how serious she thought this whole thing was.
It’s not dark yet, but it’s dusk, which is why he doesn’t see whatever it is he trips on. But he sure as hell sees the log he split his head on when he wakes up with a splitting headache.
“Doll, we never meant—”
“What! I think I’ve changed my mind. Just give me the address.”
Before any of us have time to react, Bucky knocks Malick out of the chair and is on top of him wailing on Malick. Steve pulls Bucky off of Malick and keeps him on the other side of the room, Tony throws him back into a chair.
He pulls me into a hug as he cries, "Shhhh, James, I got you. I'm not going to leave your side," I say rubbing small circles in his back, kissing his temple.
"I care for him," Thor says, "he is my only family left alive after all."
Loud cheers burst from the crowd as the two make their way into the reception area, Steve as red as can be being the center of attention and Tony just lapping it up. They make their way to the head table that's just for them as everyone else takes their seats as dinner is served.
After the words leave his mouth he’s gone. She looks over at Steve and he’s chuckling at her confused look.
"Yeah, yeah Bucky it's me," Steve says holding his friends hand.
“Avery,” Tony says, landing next to them, “does-does Steve know you’re here?”
Just giving you a heads up that this is the chapter with the flashback to where Dylan was raped. It contains non-consensual underage sex and will be quite graphic. If you don't want to read this chapter I completely understand and will hopefully have a happier chapter up soon.
"Of course, I was actually planning on pulling him aside and asking the same thing," I reply as Natasha walks up.
"Clint, I never imagined I would be able to find someone who could love me as much as you do," Pietro says, "I don't want to think of what my life would be like if it wasn't for the day you and your team attacked the base we were at, I was able to find someone that I was able to protect and love. I want you to know that I will spend these years together, these long and many years together, protecting you and making you as happy and safe as you have made me. I want to love you every minute of every day, with every breath from now until my last, and every action until the day I die. I love you, Old Man."
"We know that you'll do anything for her, that's why we're taking her from you so you'll be more likely to," Strucker says as he walks in, "comply to our orders."
"You remember when we were in Hydra together?" He slowly nods, "and you remember what I told you about getting pregnant?" he nods again, taking a step towards me, "Well the man that raped me, the man that got me pregnant without consent just walked off that quinjet and was welcomed by the others with open arms."
"Have you seen Clint," he asks placing down my drink, "I'm really worried now."
“We have to get going, but promise me on thing,” Sam says, “don’t let Steve see you.”
"Ross did, boss," Happy replies.
"He'll be back with news," he says, "Hopefully, it's that the trail ends that way we know that someone dragged him away and is healing him."
"What gave it away," he replies in a snarky tone, "when I got mad at you for leaving or when I stood here giving you the death glare?"
‘You planned me a date?’ Bucky asked. ‘What if things worked out between me and her? What if we were like soulmates? I couldn’t go on another date if she was the one.’
He didn’t get a reply, but Tony was probably busy with whatever people did who owned a company. It made Steve a little sad, he had hoped Tony was just as happy that Steve was back in the U.S. as Steve himself was. But even when he dragged his backpack from the carousel, half an hour later, there was still no reply. With a sigh he put his phone back in his pocket and made his way to the exit. A few dozen people were waiting out there to welcome their friends and family back. In the middle of all those people was a guy wearing a hoodie and shiny sunglasses. The moment Steve stepped through the door the guy took the sunglasses off.
‘No, no, it’s nothing like that,’ Bucky said as he sat down at the table as well. ‘Ever since I broke up with my girlfriend, Nat has been trying to set me up with a whole bunch of people. Why isn’t she doing that to you? You’ve been single for years!’
‘Looks pretty shiny to me,’ Clint said as he eyed the Iron Man armor.
Suddenly the doors were kicked open and a bunch of policemen stormed in, guns up and shouting that everyone had to lay down on the ground with their hands on their head. Some of the guards grabbed their guns. Steve, Tony and the two others lay down on the ground. They didn't have bullet proof vests, unlike their colleagues. They couldn't take the risk.
The little girl hopped off her seat, walked to Tony and offered him a piece as well. Tony took one and thanked her. As she returned to her father Tony fondly remembered another smiling kid that once gave him candy.
‘Forget I said that!’ Tony said quickly. ‘Terrible first impression. Tony definitely doesn’t make lame sexual jokes about people he thinks are hot. Nope. Definitely not. Never. I’m the most romantic guy ever. I’m all about candles and rose petals and holding hands. See, we’re holding hands. Totally romantic.’
‘Oh, she is the woman who set me up on this date,’ James answered. ‘Her name is Virginia Potts, but for some reason people all call her Pepper. It suits her better, to be honest. I figured since she set me up on this date she would have done the same to you, but if you don’t know her, how did you get here?’
When Steve started running, the dogs started running as well. Clint had a hard time getting them under control and Tony was almost thrown off the sled. They held on tightly and followed the super soldier. Steve was fast. Even on the slippery ground he easily found his way. There were ten dogs and they were strong, but they couldn't keep up. Not with three people and a lot of luggage on the sled.
'More than ready!' Tony grinned. He looked incredibly happy. He helped Steve up the stairs, a real gentleman, if he wasn't just doing it for the sex. But Steve played along and acted like he was flattered. He took Tony's hand and let him lead him to the room. Steve held his breath as the door closed behind him.
'I'm watching you, Stark,' Natasha said. 'I'll see you in the kitchen.'
'I have six new identities ready, all we need are pictures,' Clint butted in. 'So we can get two more if we want to.'
'Do you have any experience with men?' Ronan asked as he handed the phone back.
'Are two playmates not enough for you?' Steve scolded the dog. The animal immediately started licking his face.
'So, when is the wedding?' Natasha asked. She grinned when Tony's face went pale, while Steve’s got red.
‘I like cars better than any kind of plane,’ Tony said. ‘But it’s hard to find a job with cars if you don’t want to just repair them or sell them. I picked a job with another one of my great loves. Jets are just amazing. It feels so free to fly, even when it’s your job.’
Steve came home from work and sensed something was wrong. Tony's car was outside, but it was too quiet. Normally Tony had music playing, he was singing or talking to himself and his robots.
'No problem,' said the man with a bright smile. 'Shall I carry the bags, then you can open the door.'
As they got closer Clint stopped the dogs. He got off the sled and gave the animals a treat for doing such a good job. Tony slowly walked towards the castle. It wasn’t just some vision, it was real. He got closer and closer and then suddenly he noticed something strange. The moat wasn’t filled with water, or ice, since it was so cold, but it was filled with something that looked like lava. The thick, slow moving, orange liquid was bubbling a little. Tony moved even closer, but he couldn’t feel any warmth coming from it.
‘We’re not all from New York, so it doesn’t, actually,’ Tony said. ‘And we’re avenging the people of New York, who keep getting attacked by aliens and robot bugs. The poor people can’t do anything on their own, so we avenge them. I like it.’
'Yeah, a few years, I was sent out once, but it was not for me,' Steve explained. 'Started studying art. More my thing. But I’ve finished now, I graduated two months ago, so it was time to relax a little.'
‘What can I do for you, Stark?’ Fury asked as Iron Man entered his office.
'Do you want me to join you?' Steve  whispered to Julia. 'I don't mind, we get paid anyway. I think you can trust him.'
‘I think it would be a fitting name for fine men and women like us,’ Thor voiced his opinion.
'Sad,' Tony answered. 'Steve has no one left. He has to move to an orphanage. Can't he just live here with us? We have dozens of rooms, you won't even notice he is here.'
'See you in a month or so,' Steve whispered after they parted.
'No,' Steve laughed. 'Steve Rogers, nice to meet you. Thank you for your help.'
'Including you,' Tony said. 'But enough chatter, let's go, I want to go home and kick two hundred illegal super heroes out of my house.'
Tony walked upstairs and immediately regretted it. It were a lot of stairs to get to the top of the tower. Flying had been so much easier. He was panting by the time he stepped into Steve's room.
‘I’m a businessman and the company is doing pretty well,’ Tony started explaining. ‘So my friend advised me to invest in art. I didn’t know people who buy art have their own culture. It actually takes time to get taken serious in their world. Seeing as I got invited to this crappy opening I don’t think they take me very serious yet.’
‘They stuffed a lot more in there than they did seventy years ago, but the basics are still the same,’ Tony agreed as he opened the hood. Steve peeked over his shoulder.
It was freezing outside, and after working for about an hour, Tony was shivering. He tried to hide it, but Steve noticed it anyway.
'Is there a problem?' he asked innocently as he sat down in Nebula's office. 'Did someone complain?'
Tony started stroking Steve's hair, until he realized it was a wig and the man in his arms couldn't really feel it. Instead he started babbling. He was really good at talking about nothing. It distracted his three colleagues a little. They couldn't act too stiff or their cover would be blown. They couldn't let that happen, not now that Olivia was prepared to testify!
‘Creative,’ Tony chuckled as he took off his clogs and replaced them with a pair of sneakers.
'Ah, fuck no, not now,' Sam groaned. 'I saw Tony outside. I'm sure he is on his way here. He only ever shows up when you're here. It's kind of cute, but not today, today it's desperate.'
‘No, no, you can’t get married!’ the guy said. ‘A body like that needs to be shared with the world! If you’re not interested in a career as a stripper, you should at least be in a museum for a few months. Without a shirt. New tourist attraction. You can’t deny the world arms like that!’
Steve rolled his eyes and he walked out of the door. He really didn’t understand how Sam and Bucky talked him into this. Sure, he didn’t mind seeing James again, not at all, but this had no future. He was just going to torture himself more by doing this. He didn’t want to lead James on either, the guy deserved so much better.
‘I’m back!’ Tony shouted.
Long story short, Tony had hit a guy with his car. It was nothing bad, he wasn't even driving very fast. It was more like the guy walked into his car. Okay, that was a lie, but he was practically standing still, his car had amazing brakes.
'Yes,' Bucky grinned. 'If you accidentally call him by his real name, this whole case, and Scott himself, will be in danger.'
‘And you’re not going there, because…?’
‘Hey, you’re back!’
James was listening to every word Steve was saying, and Steve was tempted to tell his own stories instead of Bucky’s. He really wanted this man to know the real him and not the weird combination of him and his best friend. James seemed to be really interested, he even asked all kind of questions. They didn’t steal food from each other’s plates and they didn’t share a dessert, but it felt strangely romantic anyway. Maybe it was because of all the candles and flowers, or maybe it was the flirting lines James weaved through his casual conversation. Only when the restaurant was about to close the two of them got up and left.
‘He must really like you then,’ Rhodey answered, pushing the lasagna in Tony’s direction, so he would get some food too. ‘But I don’t want you using my name for this anymore, it can only end with a lot of drama. You either tell this guy your real name, or I will.’
‘It’s not fair!’ a black guy with wings shouted. ‘We’re all doing good, we’re keeping the streets safe, just like you are, but we gotta stop and you can continue.’
'Tony, we can't take in every orphan just because we have enough space,' Maria smiled. 'We don't even know this boy. And you are at MIT, making new friends!'
'Hello neighbor,' Steve said as he opened the door, a grin on his face.
‘Rhodey, I’m going on this date in your place,’ Tony said. ‘You’re taller, I’m more handsome, you’re stronger, I’m smarter, we don’t even have the same skin color. This date will get the wrong image of James Rhodes, even if I add a little Tony Stark to it. Why do you even care? You didn’t want to go!’
'Same as last time,' Clint grinned.
'He’s running in those heels, I have sneakers,' Tony laughed. 'I'm going to win.'
‘No comment,’ Clint said as he followed a few steps behind. They walked into one of the halls and opened every door on their way. All rooms were decorated, but it looked like nobody had been in there for years. They were dusty and the style was way out of time. This wasn’t vintage anymore, this was just old crap.
‘No, we should finish it,’ Tony said. ‘We’re almost done, and I want to get to the plane.’
'Not even with fake tits?' Steve asked, a pout on his face.
But all of that was over now. The man was gone and Steve and Tony were left behind. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and noticed the tears in his eyes. Tony never cried. Tears of happiness at their wedding, but he always dealt with sadness in other ways. Not this time. He cried soundlessly into Steve's shoulder.
Tony and Clint were immediately awake.
‘So you’re not my true love?’
'Call me Tony. What's your name, artist?'
'Alright,' Nebula said. 'Stefanie, try not to let one customer bring you down. You look good, you're doing great. Now hurry up and get ready for tonight.'
‘I’m here because my boss wants you as his bodyguard,’ he explained. ‘He is a very important person and a lot of people would like to see him dead. He wants the best and only the best, so he wanted me to go and get you.’
'Welcome mister Stark,' Buddy said. 'Could you tell us what you want from our bakers?'
Tony chuckled. 'Great, I picked a guy as sassy as I am. Well, at least he's a great baker. Hope to see you again some time, Steve. You're a great guy, and you’ve got a great ass.'
'I will,' Tony promised as he walked Steve to the door.
‘Yes, the arctic, so there was only a small possibility someone would accidently stumble upon this soldier. Pack your bags, we have a plane ready for you. There will be a car waiting for you when you arrive, so you can drive to the last of our stations. There will be food and blankets there for you and a dog sled that will take you to the place where we think this super soldier is hidden.’
Steve was just as cheerful as the morning before and the others were just as grumpy. Steve made them breakfast and a shit load of coffee to get them all awake. Tony drank like half of it, giving the excuse that he was driving. Clint offered to drive, but Tony absolutely refused to be driven around by anyone. He would drive. The others agreed to it, he seemed awake enough.
'Hey,' the other guy said. 'You've got my bag. Thanks.'
'I'm Scott Miller and I heard a lot about The Aurora. I'd love to work here, so I wondered if you had any vacancies,' Steve lied. He knew his character well.
'I'll be back soon,' Tony promised.
The ice cream shop was closed, because of the bad weather, but there was a single person standing on the covered terrace: James. He looked up when he heard Steve’s footsteps.
‘Oh yeah, look at you, just like a fairy godmother,’ Rhodey said sarcastically as he pointed at all the grease and disgusting stains on Tony’s clothes and skin. ‘And I can dress myself up,  thank you very much.’
'Promise!' Bucky said, but the moment the exposition was opened, he made his way to Natasha. Steve didn't mind very much, there were plenty of people to talk to, maybe even potential buyers! He explained his way of working and his art to several people and asked the other students about their experiences. It was really nice and Steve enjoyed himself. He smiled as he watched his paintings. When he made them he hadn't thought they were any good, but he got a lot of compliments.
This could only mean one thing: James found out that Steve was lying to him. Why else would he send a text like this? All their texts had been jokes, complaints about boring work, and random pictures of cute things they found on their way about their daily lives. James had never been this serious and if he wanted to ask Steve out on another date he would have called.
Apparently Steve had been in the army, and being a veteran himself he wanted to help others. Steve obviously still worked out, because his shoulder to waist ratio was insane. His chest was broad, his arms were huge, and his legs were going on forever. It was amazing. The rolled up sleeves of his dress shirt looked like they were going to rip. They hardly fit around those muscles. It was a wonderful sight and Tony couldn't get enough of it. But the best of it all was his ass. Steve had the best butt ever seen on mankind. It was a bit round and looked firm even in the pants Steve was wearing now. He hadn't known he could dress casual for meetings with the big boss, so he had shown up in a suit. At least he had taken off his jacket, so his arms were visible, but Tony hoped he would show up in skinny jeans next time.
It also inspired people to help others and more super heroes stood up. It was like a plague, like a (better) version of Kick Ass 2. Every idiot could make himself a spandex suit and walk the streets like they owned it. It wasn’t all bad, of course, and some of those self-proclaimed heroes actually did have talent. They all helped out when there was something small going on, and Tony only stepped into his suit when the world was really in danger. He was glad he didn’t have to deal with petty thieves anymore, but it was a bit annoying when they got in his way while he tried to rescue people.
‘Thank you, Nat,’ Steve smiled. ‘I’ll go and talk to Tony after I met director Fury. Could either of you help me, I don’t know how to get there.’
'I tried to make it look sophisticated,' Linda defended her work. 'Something you could give to your business partners during a meeting.'
'We need magic,' Steve said, as they sat down in the grass, tired from all the running.
Steve had often been sick as a child, so he couldn't go outside much. It had been a miracle they met that day. Or maybe it was meant to be. Jarvis took him to Steve's home and they played there. Or when Steve couldn't get out of bed Tony would read him stories or they'd watch a movie.
Steve grabbed James’ hand and shook it. ‘James Barnes, nice to meet you.’
'Poor you, all alone,' Tony said, winking at Steve. 'Need me to keep you company until he gets back?'
'Nah, most of the new super heroes are losers,' Clint said. 'And all of them, except us, are illegal now. The heroes ended up making more trouble than the evil masterminds.'
'You do know someone with magic,' Steve smiled as he stood up.
‘Steve Rogers.’
Tony remembered that first kiss very well. It was as sweet as their last one. When had it been? Two days ago?
Tony waited for the train, the rain ticking softly against his umbrella. He never liked trains, or rain, but he couldn't avoid it this time. Thankfully it was a small station, with hardly a soul in sight.
‘In the very heterosexual world of art buyers that is not going to help me,’ Steve answered. ‘And stop looking at it. Pretend you’re interested in the art.’
Natasha took Steve's arm and led him out of the workshop. 'Don't mind him, this is Stark's usual asshole self. Narcissistic, doesn't play well with others, it's all in his files. Let's go, I'll help you with your contact.'
‘I’ve seen you fight three armed guys and come out on top, but a budgie is what brings you down?
Flattery would get you anywhere, right?
'I was in Auckland for business,' Tony started. 'Only took two days, so it was a bit of a waste to fly here for just that. I haven't had a vacation in a long time, so I decided to see a bit of the country. Didn't think it would be this boring. I try to get from city to city, but they're too far apart!'
'Are we going undercover as... customers?' Steve Rogers, the leader of their little team, asked.
'He got you there!' Sam Wilson laughed.
A man, probably in his early thirties, with dark hair, a goatee, and big sunglasses stepped out of the car and opened the hood to take a look at the motor.
With his elbow he closed the door of the car, before he made his way to the front door. He tried to grab his keys (who still used keys?!) from his pocket, four bags still in his hands, when he tripped over his own feet. The billionaire landed ungracefully on the ground, groceries falling out of the bags and rolling over the ground. Tony cursed loudly as he got back up. With a sigh he started to pick up all the things that had fallen out of the bags.
'I can't come with you, but Tasha is on her way, as an agent, not as a hero. No contract yet, so agents only. Good luck!'
'Sure,' Tony said casually. 'Hope you guys are any good!'
'Okay, I'll do that. The more evidence, the better,' Tony agreed. 'What about you? Are you being monitored too? Camera contact lenses?'
'Even if he couldn't fight at all, I'd want him as my mechanic,' Steve said with a grin.
‘Who are you and what are you doing here?’ the man asked. His voice was deep, it made Tony shiver.
'I'd like that,' Steve said. There was a smile on his face, but there were also tears in his eyes. 'I'll miss you. More than ever.'
'You got what you wanted, you're an official super hero now, no need to bother me anymore. You're never going to be my sidekick,' Tony said, sipping his beer.
'How are we going to do this?' Tony asked. The sled was barely big enough for all of them, and he wasn't sure the dogs could pull them all.
'So, were you in the army?' Tony asked as he pushed up his sunglasses and nodded at the dog tags around Steve's neck.
‘So, why the regular ambulance tonight?’ Tony asked. ‘There are traffic jams on Christmas eve. This is Manhattan, there are never no traffic jams.’
‘Hi, you must be my date,’ the guy said as he pointed at the white flower. ‘I’m James Rhodes.’
The five men stepped forward and uniformed police went through their bags. They took the drugs out before they put all the clothes back in and returned the bags to their owners.
'Why don't you and I go upstairs?' Steve asked. Jack nodded and followed Steve up. They walked into the room. The moment it clicked shut, Jack dropped down on the bed with a heavy sigh.
‘I’m back in New York again. Want to meet up sometime this week?’
They pushed the car to the parking lot, before they asked for a camp site at the reception desk. They found out there were cabins as well and Tony immediately asked for one, assuring Steve he would pay. But all the cabins were rented, and no amount of money could convince the lady behind the counter to kick some of the other people out, no matter how much Tony pleaded.
‘Most are,’ Sam agreed. ‘But the lunch bars and restaurants are open.  There will be food there. Redwing is smart enough to find a place with food and few people.’
‘I just got off the subway,’ Steve answered. ‘Do you want me to grab you some coffee on the way?’
Bruce was there for the science part of the project. He was not only Tony's colleague, but also his friend. He was the only one who understood Tony when he was on one of his sciency rants.
'Shhh, please don't shout!' Tony pleaded. 'I'm here to help.'
‘My first decision is that our team name won’t be New York’s Finest or The World’s Finest of anything with finest at all,’ Steve stated.
'Comics, cartoons, movies, porn,' Tony rambled. 'I'm sorry to tell you this, but the world thinks you're a fictional character. No one knows you actually existed. Or exist. You're the world's first super hero, people see you as a hero. Just not a real one. You've been an inspiration for a lot of people to do good.'
He was joking with the two other policemen, making Steve laugh at his stupid jokes. They all calmed down a little. One of the guys went to get another round of beer. They hadn't drank the first ones, but they kept the bottles on the table and acted like they took a sip now and then.  They pulled it off, because no one seemed to suspect anything.
'A shame,' Steve shrugged. 'I'll wait until Sam is here with the beer then. Will you join us again?'
'And you have your own plane, which you like better than ours, so that was even cheaper,' Fury added.
'You slept with all those guys to get information?' Cassandra asked. 'Your own colleague?'
‘Hi!’ James said happily as he gave Steve half a hug. ‘Really nice to see you again.’
'You never thought of punching the wall yourself?' Tony asked. 'We did it and it broke down. You could have done it too.'
Steve couldn't reply. Tony was back already. He came to sit a lot closer to Steve and started touching him. Nothing dirty, just his arms and shoulders, pushing his hair back. Steve let him. He just hoped Tony wouldn't notice how fast his heart was beating.
Steve walked into Sam's house and called his friend as he stripped out of his leather suit. 'Hey Sam, you neighbor is here too. He heard we were going to play Assassins Creed and he wanted to join us.'
‘Never heard of you,’ Tony said. It sounded more mechanical in the suit. ‘And that doesn’t answer my question: what are you doing here?’
‘Maybe if you throw something in it will explode and that is how everyone died,’ stated Clint.
'I didn't really pack a toothbrush,' Tony said. He really wanted to go home, but it was true that travelling in the dark wasn't the smartest move.
Steve made his way towards the offices. They called it offices, but it wasn’t anything big. Just a few office buildings around a square with restaurants. Steve had worked at the coffee shop on the square when he was still in art school. It was a lively place during weekdays, but during weekends, not so much. Redwing might like the quiet though. The bird was smart, it knew where to go. It was so smart that it recognized its own name. Good for Redwing, good for Sam, but less good for Steve. It meant he actually had to call the budgie.
Steve hurried to the changing room, dumped his shirt, jeans and shoes in his bag. He emptied his little locker and took everything that belonged to him. He was never coming back. None of them were ever coming back.
‘Oh my God, did Pepper tell you?’ he asked embarrassed.
The receptionist told Tony that mister Fury didn’t have much time, but that he could go up and talk to him if he made it quick. Tony didn’t waste any time and made his way to the director’s office.
‘Come out and fight like a man!’ Tony said, scanning the room, but not finding anyone.
‘How the hell do I owe you 274 favors?’ Tony asked, this time he did look up, leaving the robot alone for a moment.
'Insecure?' Nebula asked, one perfect eyebrow raised. 'About what?'
‘Maybe we should split up,’ Tony said, looking around in the huge hall. The insides of the castle didn’t look medieval at all. Retro, yes but not medieval, there was electricity. All a bit old fashioned, but maybe seventy years ago was the last time they redecorated.
‘No, tonight you are James Rhodes,’ Rhodey answered. ‘Don’t add too much Tony Stark to your James Rhodes, it’s not giving the blind date a good image.’
'First you two discuss what a terrible person I am and that I'm not hero material and then he comes to ask for help and feels down when I reject him? Are you two stupid? I'm not a team player, I'm only working on my own.'
'Would you have me on your team as well?' Tony asked, ignoring Clint who was sticking his tongue out.
'That explains why my father was always asking questions about you. He wanted to know everything and forbade me to see you. Good thing I was never very good at following his rules! But this also explains why you got all those feathers when I tried to make wings all those years ago. You ate all those chickens, didn't you?'
Steve nodded as he sat down on the bed. ‘Yeah, that’s Natasha. She is here to protect me. Or to keep me company, I guess, I can handle myself pretty well. It’s been ages since I’ve seen someone else. How long has it been since the second world war?’
'You're quiet, beautiful girl,' Tony said to Steve, who was lazily hanging against Tony's arm. On Steve's other side were two more guys, also policemen. Today Ronan would be caught. The big boss was sitting on a plush couch in a corner, surrounded by girls, real ones, and a table filled with empty glasses. The alcohol had made them talk loudly.
Tony let his armor fold back into a suitcase and hurried after him. Now that Steve was so small it was easy to catch up. Tony shielded the other man from curious eyes of the agents. Once inside the room Steve dropped his shield and boots and undressed. He was obviously self-conscious, but Tony didn't turn away.
‘Let me guess,’ Steve said after swallowing his bite. ‘Your budgie escaped again?’
Ronan was caught, the guys were saved. It would all be alright now.
‘Looks like the distributor has some problems,’ he said.
'Captain, no time to adjust, we need you,' Fury said. 'A robot has attacked New York. Follow this agent. Your uniform and shield are ready. Get changed, we'll drop you off with a helicopter.'
'But it's something I did, because he doesn't want to talk to me,' Steve sighed. 'I went to see him yesterday and he refused to let me in, but he still talks to Clint.'
Tony jumped up and got the bikes off Steve. He ignored his own scratches and kneeled down next to his boyfriend.
'I want to go there!' Tony said happily.
‘Told you so,’ Steve said, a happy smile on his face. He was at his favorite place in the world, with an amazing person. Things could only be better if James would actually know who Steve really was. But the moment the coffee was served, Steve forgot about Bucky and about how none of this was real. He wanted to enjoy it as long as it would last.
'Then I'll take you to the dressing rooms, they're in the basement. All of the guys sit together, so you can help each other with zippers or make up.'
‘What do we do now?’ Clint asked as he approached. He felt the hole with his bare hands, but nothing happened. ‘I can get through as well, but we’re still facing a moat of lava. How do we get on the other side?’
‘You don’t even look tired!’ Tony said as he took a good look at Steve.
'I sleep better when I've had some coffee,' Tony whined. 'Come on, I even said please!'
'Everyone, listen carefully,' Sam said. 'Due to illegal activities, we're closing this place. If you are a customer, raise your hand, someone will come and get you. Don't worry, we won't charge you. All of you will be frisked, but if you have nothing to hide you're free to go.'
'Only to tell me to piss off,' Clint muttered.
One by one all the guys offered their help and their story. They thanked Steve for his help and for getting them out of their life at the club. With tears in his eyes Steve took the Oliva to an interview room for his official statement.
'He's real! He's fucking real!' Tony said. He got up from his chair and got his hands all over the shield. It was an amazing thing and nothing alike was ever made after this.
'Yeah, that's pretty cool, except getting smashed by robots,' Tony said. 'Sorry I was being an ass and shut you out. I misunderstood something and got mad. I thought you didn't think I was a hero.'
‘How do you know my beautiful wife and seven kids aren’t waiting for me back home?’ Tony asked as he got out of his scrubs and grabbed a hoodie.
'Don't you have pajamas or something?' Steve asked.
When he was studying some of the brush strokes on one of the paintings, Steve suddenly felt an arm around his waist. He was about to slap it off and tell the owner to behave, but before he could a voice begged him not to hit him.
‘You make her sound terrible,’ Bucky said.
Steve put on his best smile. There were a few customers in the club already and he friendly greeted them as he made his way to the bar. He needed a drink to be able to do this. He asked the bartender for a cocktail and Steve sipped it as he looked around. Nebula walked past him and gave him thumbs up. Steve was glad he managed to fit in.
'Should I still call you Stefanie?' Tony asked.
‘Tell that to the robots I made!’ Tony defended himself. ‘I got James’s number and I even got another date out of him!’
'That's you?!' Steve asked shocked. His face turned bright red and the color slowly spread over his chest as well. 'I'm sorry, I didn't realize. I wouldn't have made you sleep in a tent if I knew!'
'No, sadly not, I survived,' Tony laughed. 'But I got to see you in a wetsuit, that was a nice surprise.'
Steve sat down and started to take his make up off. 'You act like it's the first time. I had threesomes before. And this time I had Julia. Most of the time I have to please two guys on my own. Or a guy and a girl. You know I did this before I came here.'
It was one of the saddest memories Tony had. He and Steve had walked around like zombies for weeks. They fought a lot and argued all the time, but they worked it out. They didn't want to lose each other as well. When they finally sat down and talked about it they found out that they didn't have many reasons left to stay in New York anymore, so they had moved to their place in Malibu permanently. There they could forget about things and figure out how to be happy again.
'There is a buffet waiting for us? You'll go on a trip around the world with me? No, you're running for president?' Tony asked. He had spotted Steve and somehow he couldn't stop talking.
'Anthony, you're eighteen now,' the king spoke. 'You're too old and too smart to spend all your time outside, doing whatever you're doing out there. It's time to grow up. Starting next week you'll take over a few of my jobs and we have found a perfect girl for you. You two will marry next year. She'll be here to meet you next Saturday.'
‘Everyone, this is Tony,’ Natasha said.
They all got in the car and Tony started it. The motor made a few weird sounds, simmered a little and then died. Tony tried again, but nothing happened. Again and again, but the motor wouldn’t start.
Tony laughed. ‘I like you already. I heard you do science too. We should talk while I give you a tour in my workshop. You’re gonna love it.’
'Yeah, sure,' Olivia said, a small, fake, smile on his face.
Tony was pissed, really pissed. He had been happy when Fury had told him he was thinking about creating a team of super heroes, with only the best ones around. He didn't care about the others on the team, but he had been looking forward to work with Captain America. Until the man had called him useless.
'Love to, but I have a meeting in an hour,' Tony said. 'Ask again next time!'
'Great,' Tony smiled. 'I'll try to end the call by that time. I'll be back!'
'I'm sure some of the guys would like to give him a little tour through the kitchen,' the director answered. With some hand gestures he made some guys get Happy and guide him around.
Steve had already prepared breakfast and was waiting in the kitchen with two steaming cups of coffee and some sandwiches. Tony downed the coffee and then finished Steve's as well. It tasted like mud, but fuck that, it was coffee!
'What about his family? Shouldn't they go see him first? Did you call them?' Tony asked. He didn’t have a plan yet, he didn’t know what to say tot his man!
'Barnes, shut up, you will be monitoring Romanoff,' Fury continued, glaring at the team with his one good eye.
‘That wall…that wall was like the fountain of youth?’ Tony asked.
James snorted. ‘Muscles? Me? What was the last time you looked in the mirror? Your arms are like twice the size of mine. If anyone could eat pastries forever and not get fat it’s you.’
‘That was the plan,’ Tony grinned as he let the robot fly back inside again. ‘Glad you like it.’
We walk out of the lab, after I made them promise not to tell anyone what I found from the footage. Once out of the lab I'm dragged to the kitchen to get some food into me. I haven't eaten since the crash, that was three days ago.
"I know why," I say making him jump, "I'm not going to lecture you, I'm here to thank you."
"Of course," Shuri replies, "and you won't lose anything. You'll still have the same energy surges that can be used in a fight, and you will still be able to read, write, speak, hear, and understand any language you face."
"That's not fair, I'm in more control when I top, I haven't topped in weeks," Pietro says defensively from his seat.
"Okay," I say, "Thank you for helping us, I know this isn't really your cup of tea but it's greatly appreciated."
“I’ll be his nurse after the surgery,” she says to Natasha, “I’m just not a scrub nurse so I can’t be in there.”
I walk into the kitchen and see Laura sitting on the bar stool talking to Clint as he feeds Nathaniel, who's sitting on the counter in front of them.
“I can’t help you if I don’t see your injuries,” she says, “your secret is safe with me. I’ll tell you one of mine first it that helps.”
"Well, I mean it's going to happen, we're going to get engaged and then we're going to get married," he replies.
"What? Oh me and," he pauses, confused for a second, "Laura? We ended because I wasn't attracted to her anymore. We're still great friends and keep in touch, but we just didn't belong together."
"See I'm not the only one who used to work with Thanos," Loki says.
"Now we're just waiting on you two," I say as I reach for Pietro's drink to take it as my own.
"I thought we could do something together that we both enjoy," I say before I start kissing his neck.
"Your nightmares," Bucky says rubbing my shoulder, feeling the cool metal of his fingers leaving small circles on my shoulder, "what, how many, sorry."
"No one is going to be pissed at you," I whisper so only he can hear, "I won't let that happen, neither will Pietro."
"By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and husband, you make kiss the husband," the priest announces.
After hearing that I walk back to where Bucky was sitting, well sleeping now, and sit next to him. I rest my head on his shoulder and drift into sleep as well.
Laura stops, it takes Loki some time to ground his breathing.
"I tend to hold it over his head that I saved him from dying, and that I know better for his life," I say jokingly, "I mean, he wanted to run around minutes after our first session. After I let him after an hour of fighting him, he learned to listen to me very quickly."
"Y-you did that for me," I ask.
"Nothing good comes from Sakaar," she says as they rush out to the ship.
We walk out of the lab and join everyone in the common area.
"RED ALERT! RED ALERT!" The alarm system bellows, "WE HAVE A RED ALERT IN THE LAB, ALL AVAILABLE AVENGERS ARE NEEDED IN THE LAB."
"Go ask Steve if I can," I quickly answer back, "or you're going to have to race and get Wanda right after she walks one of them down."
"My brother will be showing up tomorrow as well," she says, "so there will be another ship showing up here. No need to pop out and see what's up with that ship."
"Okay, so everyone here knows my name," Loki says taking a small step towards us, "Shouldn't I be so lucky as to know all of yours?"
"Well we can locate Vision using the same algorithm I created for locating the Tesseract before New York," Bruce says, "both are Infinity Stones."
"They're trying his reset code, if he doesn't change back to the Winter Soldier he's good to go," Steve says not looking towards me.
Steve nods and lets us go and gather our supplies. I say goodbye to Laura kissing her on the top of the head before we head out to the crash site.
"I'm still jumpy around physical contact," I start looking Steve right in the eye, "Bucky pulled me into a hug and I panicked, I swear it won't happen again."
"If I come in promise me you will stop calling me stupid," Dylan says from the doorway. I nod and she walks in.
"Daddy, can I stay with you tonight," I ask letting myself start sobbing uncontrollably as Pietro leads me to the bed and lays me down between them.
"Please, I think it would be great for all of us to hang out and get to know me as an adult," Laura says sitting on the bed next to Dad, "I really missed you guys and want to spend as much time as possible with you."
"That's why you pulled the gun on me the first morning you were here, you were upset about Bucky," Steve says looking between Dylan and Bucky, "That's why you protected yourself when he hugged you, you were still jumpy around him. Everything makes sense now."
"You fucking touch her I will kill you," I spit at him feeling the grip on my arms tighten.
"Odin wishes to speak with you," he continues, "it's, well it's, important."
I storm out of the room before he can say anything. I walk into the common area and see Dylan sitting there talking and laughing with most of the Avengers. I slowly make my way to an open seat and sit down picking up a book from the table in the process. After everyone start to loosen up around me sitting there they get back into their conversation.
“Move,” they hear being hollered through the stairwell. The doors busy open and Fury rushes in, “where is she!? Is she hurt?!”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Dylan, it's fine," he says smiling down at me, "You're this way because we lost our daughter at my hands and because you're around a month pregnant but now we have a chance to raise this baby," placing his hands on my stomach, "together. This time I will take a bullet for them before I'd let anyone hurt our baby."
“No, this is nothing like that,” she says, walking over to him, taking his hand in hers, “Pietro is still alive, he was dead when the medics got to him. This is nothing like that, okay? Pietro is not my dad.”
“You have to think this through,” he says following her, “Maria, you and myself, plus a small team of selected people will know he’s still alive.”
. I shift where I'm standing which earns worried looks from Bucky and Pietro, I wave Pietro off saying it's nothing but walk over to where Bucky is sitting.
"I've been rewired twice and still manage to get back to the same person I was before I fell off that train," he spits back at me.
I watch as Cooper race up the stairs, "Nat, do you really think this is a good idea?"
"Lily," he says, "what is going on?"
Before I have time to say anything Pietro picks up Clint and races away to the quinjet. I slowly go and pick up my file from the floor, when I stand I see everyone staring at me.
I was walking to the kitchen after training in the gym with Natasha because, as she puts, it I'm the only one that has training close to her level. I turn into the kitchen and pull a water out of the fridge, when I close the door I jump seeing Bucky standing there.
"Shh," she says, wiping away his tears. His eyes close as he lets out his last breath.
"I just want to know if you thought this through," I say after she walks in, "He's a terrible person who's done terrible things."
She types a reply to Peter putting her medical bag on the table and go to her room to change. She come out of the room to see Peter sitting on her couch with a gash in his side.
"I'm in labour, I'm 7cm dilated and when the doctor gets back I'm pushing," I say still not thinking fully, "I need you to be ready for this, okay, James? You ready?"
“No, no, it’s not like that,” she says reaching her hand out resting it on his, “Steve showed up, sporting a giant beard might I add, and asked for my help with Bucky. My medical help. I know I should have called Tony then and there but…”
"We are gathered here today," Thor starts, "to join Steven Grant Rogers and Anthony Edward Stark in holy matrimony."
His hands trail down my back making their way to my waist, he quickly lifts me so that I'm straddling his hips. I part from kissing his neck, I look up at him and am pulling into a sloppy kiss. I wrap my hands up into his hair deepening the kiss with each passing moment, his hands slip up under my shirt as he starts to trace my spine. I move my head down to kiss along his jawline, leaving a trail of kisses along his neck until I push his shirt out of the way and meet his collarbone with my lips. I feel his hands continue up my back bringing my shirt with it, I'm about to move away just enough to remove my shirt when we were shouting coming from down the hall.
Steve and Tony come rushing out of the kitchen and see Bucky stand there with us. Before Bucky can say anything, Tony is dragging him towards his lab to get checked out.
Hi guys,
"What," Clint yells, "What did you say Steve? I think my hearing aids died."
‘Don’t worry,’ Steve said as he grabbed the drinks. ‘It’s not me that’s getting married.’
‘Seriously?’ Tony asked. ‘A flower? Why not a red rose, isn’t that more romantic? Pepper came up with this, didn’t she? Ever since she got married she is in that super romantic phase and she thinks everyone needs that in their lives. I can live without the honeymoon happiness.’
Tony walked through the hallways of the police station. Today was his last day assisting in Brooklyn. He and Rhodey had to go back to Manhattan. Tony and Sam had gone through all the information one last time, to make sure nothing was missing. Sam would handle it from there. This operation had been a great success and they were all really proud.
The next day she died. A few days later was the funeral. Steve had arranged most of it himself, to keep himself busy. But at the funeral he couldn’t say a word, couldn’t do anything. He could only cry. Tony held his right hand, while Steve's best friend Bucky held his left. Neither of them let go of him during the ceremony.
Steve sipped his drink, but he ran out of time. He couldn't wait any longer, he had to take Tony upstairs, or he would get suspicious. Nebula too, she had been watching him the last thirty minutes.
A few minutes later Steve walked out of the elevator, looking a little nervous, but the moment he spotted Tony his bright smile returned. He approached his desk and put the box on top of it.
Tony's last idea, he was eighteen by then, was a big wing like construction made of wood. It was a bit like the thing he made when he was ten, but with a few changes. This construction was way bigger than Tony was and there were several layers, so the air could go right through and lift it up in the air. For a few moments it seemed like it would work, everything went according to plan. Tony was lifted up slightly, but then the wind pushed him over and Tony crashed down, falling flat on his face, breaking the wings, and probably his nose.
‘You’re not kidding?’ Steve asked. ‘You want to go on a date with me?’
'I'm Stefanie. Is this your first time in a place like this, Jack? Maybe you should buy yourself a drink, to calm down. We could have a lot of fun tonight,' Steve whispered.
With that said he left the room, where the director was waiting for him.
‘No Fury, that won’t do,’ Tony said. ‘You guys should just move in with me.’
‘What the fuck? Clint?!’ he shouted when he saw the archer sitting in his chair.
'I'm sorry you had to find out like this,' Tony said as he walked further into the room. 'You saved the world, but nobody knows about it. You risked your life, but didn't get any credit. You should have been an icon, something that would bring people hope. They should have been told that you would come back if you were needed. They should have brought you back, you have been needed. But if you are as cool as you're portrayed in the comics, people will love you. Did you really punch Hitler in the face?'
‘That’s great Robin Hood, there were way too many people who thought they were super heroes,’ Tony answered. ‘They were falling over each other to be at the first at the crime. They’re in my way, and now they’re gone. Perfect. So why are you here?’
'Stef, will you come in?' Olivia asked. 'I don't really want to talk out here.'
The moment Sam took the cup from the machine, Tony sprinted from his office. He grabbed the coffee from Sam while muttering something about needing caffeine, before he slapped Sam’s butt and walked away again.
'No, Tony, I remember last night very well. I've seen your penis from pretty close up, so go and call Pepper and then get changed. We don't want to be late for Rhodey's dinner!'
‘I’m serious Stark!’ Fury said, less patient now. ‘We don’t know what form this dragon appears in, but we know that this soldier is well guarded. We need someone who can handle a difficult job and unfortunately you’re the only one we have right now who could be able to do this job.’
'Whenever you feel like it,' Steve added. 'If you don't feel like it today, tomorrow is fine too. Or next week, whenever.'
‘I still think an archer would be way cooler,’ Clint answered. ‘But Sam is right, the kids will probably like it a lot.’
Meanwhile Steve and Clint had gotten the dogs inside. The wall mechanism didn't work anymore. Steve had made the hole bigger, so he could carry the sled through as well. They brought everything inside and closed the door firmly behind them. Since the wall was gone they locked the place up. Steve sat down on his knees and hugged the dog closest to him. He buried his nose in the warm fur and laughed as the dog started licking him. Soon the dogs were all over him and Clint, happy with the attention they got.
Tony’s eyes widened. He didn’t know what he had expected, but this was not it! There were people on every square centimeter of the ground floor. And not just the floor. Some were chilling on the ceiling or stuck to the walls. It was insane how crowded it was. Tony could hardly get out of the elevator. He had to push people aside to make his way through. Luckily he was in his armor, that way he was broader and looked a bit more impressive than he did in his underwear and with his hair pointing in all directions. He walked to the reception desk, climbed on top of it and opened his faceplate.
‘Your date is wearing a white flower as well,’ Rhodey said, completely ignoring Tony’s rant. ‘Now, be a gentleman and pay for this date. I’ll pay you back if it’s a hot girl. If it’s a guy you can pay yourself, you’re rich, your bank account won’t even notice.’
'We actually invited you, because we have something we couldn't tell you over the phone,' Rhodey started. 'We're expecting a baby.'
Tony snorted. ‘Like I’d screw up! I’m Tony Stark.’
Tony smirked. He leaned forward as well and pressed his lips against Steve's. It was nice indeed, but when he wanted to push things a little further there was a sudden light in the dark room. Tony opened  his eyes and moved back. It was Steve, he was glowing! Steve's eyes were wide as he looked at his hands. The light only turned brighter, until it was so bad Tony had to shield his eyes. Only seconds later the light was gone again. When Tony opened his eyes it was tall Steve who sat in front of him.
'I had five beers,' protested Tony, but Steve sat down in the passenger seat and shut the door without saying another word. Tony knew Steve normally didn't want him to drive when he had alcohol, not even with just one beer in his stomach. But Tony obeyed. He started the car and drove off. A few streets further he spoke.
Clint was practically deaf though, so he kept walking. He walked through the doors, into the hall, and was kicked off his feet, landing on the floor with a loud thud. Tony immediately flew towards him, helping him back up. They looked around to see what it had been that tackled Clint, and then they saw her: a fierce looking woman with flaming red hair. She was completely dressed in black and her expression screamed murder.
'No way! Seriously? You scored a girl before I did?' Tony asked surprised. 'When? Where? Tell me everything! Great job, man!'
‘I was there a few months ago and this guy was harassing one of the girls. She obviously wasn’t interested, she told him to go away, but he wouldn’t listen. I punched him in the face. The staff kicked us out, no fighting allowed. I heard that the girl defended me, but they wouldn’t let me back in ever again.’
'You have seen me naked,' Steve laughed. 'I don't have wings. But I like you, I want to help you, angel or not.'
"He has to stay, Laura's staying too," He says looking through my closest grabbing something before turning towards the door, "Only you, Nat and Wanda are coming."
"Whatever happened hurt you didn't it," he asks, I nod in reply, "Then why bring him back, if it hurts that much, why bring him back?"
"The prophecy," she says, "this can't be happening.
"I love you too, James," I whisper back as he drifts into a deep sleep.
"Beast," Happy says, "you lost a beast?!"
We walk of the quinjet and split into our two teams. I lead Clint and Pietro in through an old service entrance that is rarely guarded. I sent Pietro in front looking around the base for Dylan.
I wake up to someone rubbing their thumb over the back of my hand. I flutter my eyelids quickly trying to understand my surroundings. I hear the loud beeping of a machine to the left of me, the opposite side of the person holding my hand.
"Don't you know who that is," Pietro hisses at me.
"So, let me get this straight," Lily says, turning to face Happy, "you got the message minutes after I left, didn't reach out to me, spent most of the day trying to translate it, only getting one word, and finally you've lost it so we have no hope in translating it to know what we're in for?"
"Any word from Barnes yet," I ask taking a seat on the bar stool.
"Let's get you back to the base," I say wrapping my arm around him, "Tony will check you out and give to go ahead to join us training again."
"He'll open to us," I say yawning, "he always does." With that I drift into sleep curled up into Steve.
I feel Wanda tap on my shoulder holding out a Kleenex to me, I take it and wipe my eyes.
"What happened to the engine," I ask, rocking Ras trying to calm him down.
Natasha is about to ask something else when Laura and Clint join us in the living room.
"What can I try and help with," she asks.
“If this gets back to Tony I’m screwed over too,” she says, resting her hand on his knee, looking up at the eyes on his mask.
"Where's Tony," she asks, not looking at anyone in particular.
"We should head to the car, we'll probably see her on the way there," Clint says gathering our things, "Besides, it's almost time for Nathaniel's nap."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Valkyrie steps to the side as Lily uses magic to burst open the doors to the room. Lily storms into the room grabbing the collar of the man standing in the room lifting him off the floor. He is taken aback at first by the force he is being handled with until he sees who is holding him in the air.
"Hi, everyone," he starts, "I'm Clint, you know the best wing man ever. I was hoping that I could make a complete and total ass of myself."
"Ready," dad asks as he walks past us, "the rest of the team is already outside."
"Of course," Bucky says, not moving from his seat, "We'd love that. How about we meet you in the kitchen in twenty minutes."
"Heimdall, who is the king," Lily says, walking back down the ramp.
"Well this rock-man speaks English," Happy says.
"You don't want to help the man you idolize," I ask messing up her hair, "It's fine,you go help Pops, and I'll help my dad. Sound fair?"
"Dylan, Bucky," I hear my Dad ask, "everything okay? Why are you in the medical wing?"
"We're really just going to let her go into a ship filled with unknown people," he asks.
“Right after you left the hospital in DC actually,” he says as he pulls open the door for her, “stay in here unless I say otherwise.”
“I thought you’d be hiking in the mountains,” he asks.
We walk towards the elevator and head down towards the cell that Bucky is in, Dad walks into the viewing area as I follow Steve into the cell. We stop in front of the door, Steve pushes the door open and walks in. I stop in the doorway looking at Bucky sitting there, I walk in closing the door behind me.
Before I have time to react another quinjet lands, I look over to Steve whose just as confused as the rest of us. He walks over to the new jet as the back opens and sees the rest of the team walking out,
*ring**ring*
We rush out of the room into the common area to see what's going on. Tony motions for us to stand with Rhodey behind him and we quickly do so. The doors to the stairs fly open.
“What’s going on? Why are you so desperate for me to go with you,” she asks.
“Then I’ll pick you up at the airport and you can tell me all about your adventure and peacefulness away from my chaos,” he says as his team walks towards him, “have you told your uncle about the mystery man yet?”
I get up and walk out of the room, making my way towards the cells where I heard they were keeping Bucky. I walk past everyone and head into the viewing part of the cell, I flick on the speaker to hear what Steve is telling Bucky.
“Steve,” she says, tapping on the face piece causing it to open, “good, you’re awake.”
“I have patients I need to check on,” she says, “can this be fast?”
"But you said that you and Bucky fell for each other and got pregnant," Steve says from his seat on the floor.
Dylan wakes up to all kinds of news and is feeling a cornucopia of feelings.
Tony burst into the room dragging Steve along behind him.
We walk out of Laura's room and head towards the kitchen where Clint and Laura are waiting for us. It's been a couple of weeks since we told the team and Laura that Bucky is her father, we've been getting closer as a family and I've been starting to forgive him for what happened. There are still times I don't react well to his touch but that's to be expect.
He nods and walks back up the ramp, as Lily cloaks Loki into an Asgardian guard. The door to the black SUV opens and out walks a small man, with gray hair and his face wrinkled from the stress of his work. Lily walks over towards Happy and the smaller man.
"How do you suggest I do all that? He won't do it, we can brainwash him into doing it," I scream out.
I wake up the next morning to the smell of bacon being cooked in the kitchen, I reach out to where Bucky normal sleeps and feel that his side is empty. I roll out of bed and make my way towards the kitchen feeling the stiffness in my muscles with every move I make. I walk into the kitchen and see Steve there cooking bacon and waffles as Tony sits on the counter next to him.
"Was it Hydra," Pietro says.
“We’re the closest to Stark tower, start moving patients into rooms together, three four tops. Call down to the ER and have everyone in there moved to a different hospital. Page the OR and clear out any noncritical surgeries,” she starts barking out orders, “Sarah, let’s go down to the ER and start prepping the space.”
"Let me work on this for a couple of hours and then I should know whether or not we can do anything," Shuri says, "Colonizer, why don't you take Lily for a walk down to the market. Peter can stay here and help me work."
Tony lands next to the man that’s been watching Avery and Matt throughout the whole conversation.
“Ok if you can understand me, I’m not consenting. I’m not—”
“A hero? Like you? You’re a lab rat, Rogers. Everything heroic about you came out of a bottle!”
Bucky and Steve want him. To be theirs.
“As long as you think omegas, including Tony, can’t handle their own lives, I think we have nothing more to discuss.” Pepper seems like a brilliant beta, so there could be merit to her views. But he thinks that maybe Tony has hidden a lot of his choices from her. Or somehow fooled her into thinking that it’s not as bad as it is.
Finally, Tony wakes up lucid.
.” Steve rested his arms around Tony, fingers digging into the scapular feathers and
“No! No, it’s not his fault. He didn’t do anything! It’s me. I—I don’t want to talk about it, but I’m sorry. I’m no good.”
Motes of dust dance in the air, and Tony sighs with resignation, hearing the trundle of someone coming out to join him.
The next day, he gets a call from SHIELD that there’s an unknown body of slime oozing its way around Central Park. Given the type of crisis, Iron Man is also going to be called in. Steve thinks it’s great that he’s going to have the entire team there for the first time.
“I don’t make enough there. And I haven’t lost money in years. I’m a genius, I know how to play the game.” Tony’s hands settle on the counter and his fingers scrunch up momentarily before he removes them again.
“Steve.” Tony pulls his head away from Steve’s chest, looking up with his absolutely bewitching eyes. “Steve, you didn’t have anything to do with this, right?”
Emphatically, categorically, his.
Looking down at his elongated cock, he reconsiders that maybe it’s just a fantasy. It doesn’t have to be real. Tony is an Alpha and Steve is an Alpha and they will never be. He fists his dick then, feeling the tell-tale puff of his knot under his knuckles as he begins to jerk his hand forward. Tony is hovering outside of his consciousness, waiting for a way in, and Steve lets it happen. Lets Tony slither into his seams and deposit himself there.
“Ok true. But it’s not the same when I have to cook it. Mine always come out hard and rubbery.”
Steve is petting up and down Tony’s sides, being so reverent and gentle, while Bucky pinches at Tony’s nipples and grinds his cock into Tony’s backside. It’s an overwhelming amount of sensation and Tony moans, feeling indecent. Steve captures his lips, sucking down the throaty sound, and pries Tony’s mouth open with his tongue, seeking entrance.
“I’ll see you for dinner tonight?” Tony asks, his arms slung around Steve’s shoulders like he belongs there. Tony’s body is pressed tight to the back of his, and Steve relishes the closeness. He’s stunned that he’s receiving any affection at all after he’s certain that Nat and Bucky have told Tony what Steve has done.
“So where are your charts and graphs Steven. I thought this would be a presentation on how the poor little omega handles money.”
Tony should have been born an Omega.
Absolutely
“Maybe not, but I would be there. I’d try.” He stops now, the distance between them giving him space to breathe and think.
When at least, Steve loses his iron control, he sinks home into Tony’s greedy ass, eliciting a groan from Steve and the barest of whimpers from Tony. Steve snaps his hips, once, and slowly withdraws to snap them again, and Tony’s heat croons, dark and sweet, that this is the way of things. His base, Omegan desires, Steve’s cock rutted into him, a hole to be used, a womb to be bred.
Tony is
“Yes. At which point you will be required to cohabitate with Mr. Stark. While you must deliver a mating bite, you are not required to engage in intercourse or any other intimate behavior. Though you may do so. Alpha-omega marriages provide default consent.”
It decides Steve; that’s the first hole he’s going to take.
That’s all it takes for Steve and he has Tony thrashing underneath him, gripping at his forearms, entreating with every fiber of his being to be taken. Tony is made for him, and Steve feels an overriding sense of belonging as he aims himself for Tony’s greedy hole and plunges in with a squelch of fluid. Tony is fucked out and wet with his cum, as he should be, and Steve glides through it like he was born to be this for Tony. Just this. His skin prickles with sweat as he seats himself, and Tony whines at the intrusion.
“I do. There’s something I wanted to ask you for, however.” Tony taps his fingers on his desk.
“No! Please, please, Steve. I’m begging you–” He cuts Tony off with a blistering kiss, teeth and tongue plundering Tony’s mouth. With lewd determination, he sucks on Tony’s tongue, licks the corners of Tony’s lips. Pulling away, he presses two fingers into Tony’s mouth, and proceeds to fuck him there as well. When Tony, in turn, sucks on his fingers, he feels static in his head, all sensation narrowed down to his cock that’s now almost completely buried in Tony’s tight ass and the fingers that his Omega is suckling. All he can think of is Tony.
“Should probably clean that bed up, get new sheets on it,” Tony says, exhaustion lining his features. He’s still beautiful, and Steve wants him.
“Steve?”
“I would take a deeper look at the assets, however. Those won’t go with you if you instigate divorce, though you’ll be left with a settlement out of it, and not an insignificant one.”
“Making sure they stick,” Clint says as he gets up, stalking over to the door. Natasha follows him and Steve also gets up to leave.
Tony is
He’s headed down the corridor when he hears an explosion and trips from the rocking motion of the ship. Tony goes down hard, shoulder smashing into the metal grated walkway.
More come gushes out of him, and at this point, his hand is a filthy mess. He gives up trying to salvage his boxers and uses them to wipe at the puddle of it.
“I knew a Steve Rogers once!”
“Then come with me. We may need more blood.” He gamely follows as she leads him to the medical center where all the people he’s met so far are gathered.
“I won’t let you do this to yourself. I won’t Tony. Just try them, please.” Pepper said softly. In a morbid way, his heat issues were good cover for his other problems. Because Pepper begging him for his own life cut far too close to home.
“So very good. I know every second of it you did so well.” Tony’s inner Omega roars to the surface and he starts to purr inside the suit, flipping up his helmet so Steve can hear how pleased he is at the praise. Taking full advantage, Steve kisses him hard, lips pressed tightly against Tony’s before they rock into it, a push-pull of saliva, plush flesh, and heady desire.
“Phil! Come in.” Pepper, that absolute traitor. She gets up, pleased, or pretending to be pleased, to meet one of the men who has a hand in keeping Tony from dying, again.
He refocuses on the door as it slips open. The sounds are louder now, with harsh and guttural cries and the groan of broken vocal cords. It sounds as though there’s a war going on, but it’s nothing he’s ever heard before.
The batter in front of him is ready for the pan, and as he heats up the pan before he throws the first dollop down he comes to a realization that it’s not all lost.
He dreams of Ty laughing at him, of the warm musk he could smell when Ty wrapped his hand around Tony’s cock and pumped, once, twice, before Tony’s adolescent self came in spurts. He feels every drag of Ty’s hand, even when it turns skeletal before his eyes, even when Ty begins to rot away, his jaw falling off his face and hands turning to ash over him. He feels it when Ty is gone, in his dreams, stroking and laughing.
Steve paced now, back and forth behind an invisible line. They were both silent for a time, Tony curled against the wall, praying for immediate rescue. Steve, well.
“Always a way out… You know you may not be a threat, but you can’t call yourself a hero.”
“That’s a dramatic statement, and untrue.”
“Am I sure?” Pepper deadpanned.
He was ok. Tony was ok with it. He’d never spent a heat with someone, and while he knew in concept what he was missing, it didn’t matter. He wanted it not to matter.
Tony’s pleasure curdles into despair. He’s a werewolf, and he knows in his heart he’s been mated to the wolf that’s on top of him. He’ll track Tony anywhere he goes, for the rest of Tony’s life.
“In 1935 the institution rate for omegas in their lifetime was around 17%. There were 127.1 million people in the United States at the time. Of those, 41% were omegas. That’s 52.1 million omegas. The amount of omega suicides in 1935 were 270,000. Suicide attempts that resulted in institutionalization were at 1.1 million. That is more than an epidemic; it was a disease upon our society. When you have to have whole facilities devoted to the care of suicidal omegas, something is wrong. Do you understand that 8.1 million omegas died throughout the early 20th century?”
“Hmm.” Nat sits down near Steve, likely to make him intentionally uncomfortable, and it succeeds.
“I appreciate the position you’re in, where you couldn’t make demands of Tony at the time, but things are different now, going forward. He should be able to manage running a home, and at the same time he should hire more people to do what is necessary at SI,” Steve says, holding his hands out in front of him to show he means well.
“Nice call on the speeders. What else you got?”
His self-control is in tatters, but he’s got to make sure Tony is washed before he takes him to the nest. Normally he’d be gentle and kind, drinking in the opportunity to put his hands on all of Tony. But he’s perfunctory, efficient, soaping up Tony’s hair and washing it out in a few minutes. The tub turns slightly ashy, and the oils sit on the surface. Draining the tub, Steve runs a quick shower for his Omega, washing the last of the grime away.
“This is–Tony don’t be crazy, don’t–don’t let him win.”
In the aftermath, Tony could almost argue that it’s peaceful and that it’ll all be ok. That there’s nothing to solve. He gulps and starts to leverage himself up, pushing Bucky off his chest and pulling himself away from Steve.
“–no, he wouldn’t–”
“Just keep me posted.” He’s near constantly weaving between buildings now, hoping not to get caught in any traps. The Chitauri are thankfully foolish enough to not set any, and he’s able to draw them in a neat line while he shoots random repulsor blasts behind him.
“Yes, I, well… Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.”
“You know me.
“Here goes nothing.” Tony entered the numbers and pushed open the green-lit lock. Behind, he found what looked like a glamorous hospital room. Sheets were folded up on a shelf in preparation for maximum fluid discharge, bottles of water and snacks stood at the ready, the bed was bolted to the floor, and a couch with its back to the window.
Steve then pours the handful of chopped peppers into the omelet and proceeds to break out a bag of cheese to add. Tony is a shadow behind him, clutching the spatula in a white-knuckled grip.
Like a cut string, Steve relaxes the moment Bucky’s gone.
“Then I think you both owe me a date. We’ve already done most everything else.” Tony grins at them, and the sheer relief he feels is palpable in the pheromones he’s putting off. A happy omega is like an emotional air freshener for everyone within smelling distance.
“These things aren’t reacting to tranquilizer darts effectively at all. I’ve got it hit with the stuff we would use to keep Cap knocked out and it’s hardly making a dent.”
Tony lets himself be dragged away.
Steve walks in on Tony who has somehow pulled several blood samples out of his own arm, tourniquet still attached. He’s bleeding down his skin as he stares at the holograms in front of him. Tony looks softer, face open and awed at the data he’s examining. It’s a stark contrast from the stormcloud looks Tony often gives his inventions. Steve feels like he’s smoldering just looking at Tony like this. It’s endearing and perfect, watching Tony’s softer lines crease with confusion and frustration.
Steve reaches down in front of Tony, catching some of the hot streams of cum that jerk from Tony’s cock before raising his hand up to his mouth. It’s delicious, and fuck if he doesn’t just want to lick Tony clean. Tony is contracting around him, milking Steve’s orgasm into heights that Steve has never reached on his own or with anyone else. It’s hot, liquid inside of Tony, and it feels so good he can’t begin to imagine where his pleasure begins in Tony and ends.
Tony goes back to laying down, and Steve cleans up the dishes, coming to settle in the nest with Tony, scooting close, but not quite all the way to him. He doesn’t want to spook Tony, who seems melancholic and aloof now.
“Tony, it’s ok. I won’t– if it reminds you of Afghanistan, I’m sorry.”
Tony is his. His to fuck and take care of. To nurse through his heat. His alone. If this is all he gets, then he’s going to make sure that they share this. He’ll stay close to Tony throughout the night, and make sure any other contenders don’t get close.
“Fuck SHIELD. Don’t be obtuse when it comes to Tony,” Nat says.
“What the hell is going on here? How come I’m finding your husband malnourished and going through false heat?” Fury looks ready to spit nails, his face contorted into a snarl.
“Swing up Park. I’m gonna lay ‘em out for you.” He twirls by and trusts that the Quinjet will be there, and thank Thor it is, because he was about ready to try and plow through a building all on his lonesome.
“Oh, I see! Tony just did it to himself. Those omegas. Stubborn. Don’t know their own minds. Right?” Even Steve can see that this is a trap. He just doesn’t know what Clint is trying to say, and he’s getting mad that his values are being twisted into something they’re not. He cares for Tony, even if it’s just the way an alpha can care for an omega.
To the side, Bucky begins to stir, fingers twitching with wakefulness.
“Get me out. Now,” he hisses. His goddamn arms
“I don’t know what to do Tony. I do care. I’m so sorry.”
“I promise I’ll make my best effort. I mean it.” Steve looks at them both meaningfully.
“I’ll never forgive you then.” The words feel like fire, destruction. He’s severing the line between them, as sure-sounding as he was when he told the world that SI would no longer produce weapons. If only he could claim that his whole self agreed. The Omega in him was screaming, thrashing with hurt and want. Tony slammed that part of him down, buried it with a litany of facts that didn’t include his life choices being dictated by instincts. This part of him wasn’t him. It was a burden. A cruel and inscrutable burden from nature itself.
Later, when they’re in the restaurant, and Director Fury of SHIELD is staring across at him after explaining the Avengers Initiative, Tony really regrets not being able to have a doughnut. Or god, a coffee. Caffeine helped the blood flow, which could be a good or bad thing.
"Friday just said Selvig is looking for you," Happy says.
I see Cooper turn, I kneel so I'm eye level with him.
"Yeah, I'm so happy that she kept up her spirit, even with the pain Hydra put both of us through," I say, looking at my wrists at that memory.
"Actually," Lily says, looking at the area he is pointing to, "that actually says, and I'm paraphrasing here, but it's telling of an allied tribe that consumes its own feces."
"You never said you were serious about me promising you," I shout at him.
"Y-you're alive?" Clint said releasing Pietro, pulling him into a huge hug.
"Well they should be. Clint's moving in here after a divorce and he's bringing his one year old son," Steve said as the doors to the lab open, "You didn't break anything, right Tony?"
"I am though, I just need to know why they did this," he says meeting my eyes, "and I can't find the answers here. I want you and Laura to come, so we can be a family together. I want to be with you and I know I wouldn't be able to do this alone."
"I was going to say that myself," Pietro chirps up.
“You have to pay attention, babe,” he says to Steve before noticing her, “Avery, good to see you again.”
I whip around and feel my fist collide with some mans face. I turn and walk back towards the car trying to draw the man away from Laura and he does. We get to a secluded area away from civilians and I turn to face him.
“What,” he says, his voice still sounding like it’s asleep.
"Pete, you know that is not true," Lily says.
"Don't run away, I've noticed that every time I enter a room or talk to you, you tense up. I know you worked for Hydra and I want to apologize for anything I did to you when I was there. I was brainwashed and didn't know what I was doing, there wasn't anything I could do," he spills out, "I reall-"
Before I can finish what I'm about to say I pull him towards me kissing him. He walks us back towards the bed leaving me down first and carefully laying on top of me. I run my hands down the front of his shirt undoing buttons along the way, he rolls over so I'm sitting on top of him as he slowly unzips my dress. We lay there wrapped in each others arms breathing in each other.
I walk into the kitchen looking for Pietro, he's not here. I've looked everywhere, I really need some advice and just don't know who else to talk too.
"Can I talk to you for a second," Bucky asks wrapping his arm around my shoulder.
“You knew I was coming,” Steve asks shocked by her reaction.
“It’s complicated,” mystery man replies.
"You okay, Legolas," Tony asks from his seat on the counter.
"Can we talk for a second," I ask, as he looks over at Clint cautiously, "privately?"
"Y-you want to thank me," he asks confused as I start to aim and shoot, "why? I mean, what I did was horrible."
"She's moved past it, Clint," Pietro says walking towards me, "I wanted to kill him too. When she ran out of the hanger the first night she was here and told me that her rapist was on this team, I wanted to kill everyone that I knew it wasn't."
I smile and hear the music starting and Tony and his group walk out of their room. I motion for Copper and Laura to start walking and head towards Steve's room opening it just enough for me to slip in.
“You’re dead,” Happy blurts out as she pushes him into the living room followed closely by her father who closes and locks the door.
"I'm going to kill you for saying that," Bucky screams, trying to lunge at him but can't because he's still weak.
"You're the doctor, shouldn't you know the answer to that," Bucky accuses Bruce.
We exit the elevator, I hand Ras over to Laura and follow behind Steve as he leads the group of us towards a lab.
"Yes, you're all I can talk about," he says louder, staring at his hands, "why does it matter?"
"Stand down, Agent Barton," Steve says jumping between me and Loki, "I think he can help. I think he and Wanda can help Buck and I, we, need him alive to do so."
"Oh, not much," I say reaching my hand out to take his in it, "We'll hear the heartbeat, it's been six weeks."
Pietro quickly runs to the door after we hear a small little knock, in walks Bucky with Laura.
He nods pulling on the shirt quickly buttoning it up, I look over at Dad and Bruce who are wearing the same ties and smile.
"Ready," Wanda asks in Russian to calm Pietro's nerves, he nods with tear filled eyes.
"She took my car," Tony says, "she just got in my car and drove off."
"Look at you, just as big as Laura," Pietro says placing his hands on my stomach.
"You're awake early," a voice says from the tree branches about her head.
"Oh, James," I look over at him, "No. I'm exhausted, I had to bring our daughter back from the dead today after being unconscious for two days in the hospital. I just want to get changed, curl up in bed, and sleep."
"Uhm, Loki," she asks, turning to face him.
"What? Oh, right. Hi, I'm Dylan," I say taking his hand shaking it, "And that bouncing girl coming into the kitchen is my daughter Laura."
Steve just nods, not taking his eyes off of me. I look to the chair behind him and see Bucky sitting there with black hand prints on his shirts shoulders.
"Sweetheart," Dylan says putting Laura down, "I have to tell you something, okay?" Laura nods, "Clint, is my father, just like Bucky is yours. That means that he's your grandfather."
Before I can reply, Loki is thrown to the ground causing him to release his grip on my Dads throat. I rush towards him checking to see that he is breathing fine. I look up and see Natasha pinning Loki to the ground.
I'm pulled into a massive hug by Mom and Dad after saying that, I feel Bucky and the rest of the team join.
I hear the music start and that is my cue that it's time to go. I watch as Wanda and Laura walk to their seats before Pietro makes his way down the aisle. I stand at the back with Dad waiting for the music to change, once it does we start walking towards the front where Loki, Thor, Pietro, and the priest stand. We get to the front and Dad hands me off to Loki.
“Oh,” Happy says, slowly having all the pieces fit together, “OH, okay. You good, boss?”
“Why,” she says, “why my family, who’s after my family?”
"No," I say meeting his eyes, "Don't apologize for anything, especially for saying that. I'm just really overwhelmed with-with-wi-"
"James, why don't you take Pietro and go get Nathaniel ready for the picnic," I ask Bucky as Pietro walks out of the bathroom, he nods and they both walk out of the room.
"No, I can't," Pietro says as we walk up the stairs, "What about you, if Bucky and you were getting married what would you want?"
"Why are you always saying if," he asks closing the door.
“So where are you going again,” Steve asks as they stand in the cemetery.
We walk into Central Park after visiting the museum, it was easier to relax knowing that someone else was able to help me keep an eye on Laura. We find a nice open spot on the grass and sit, enjoying the nice day.
"You don't know," Wanda asks from her seat at the table.
"But I want to fight like the others," she says, "I don't want to be treated differently because of a future I don't know if I want."
"We have bigger problems," Eric says, "Vision left the base two nights ago and hasn't been seen since."
"Well, umm, maybe," I say trying to figure out if I can trust her with this, "could we go somewhere private? Like somewhere Jarvis can't see us?"
