When he takes Cas’s length in his mouth again he opts for slow and erotic, making a visual show of giving Cas every scrap of pleasure he deserves and more besides. He’s gentle but insistent, tuning into every twitch and moan from his partner, chasing them down and magnifying them with mouth and hands until Cas is chanting his name again, only this time out loud, interspersed with profanity Dean is quite sure no one has ever heard spill from an angel’s lips.
“I can make you a bed on the floor out here if you want,” he says, gesturing to the space he’d cleared in front of the couch, “but I don’t really have much bedding. Plus I gotta say, my bed’s a lot more comfortable if you don’t mind, uh...sharing...until we can get you an air mattress.” He shoves half a sandwich in his mouth at the end, both to keep himself from babbling and to give him an excuse not to respond to whatever Cas says next.
“Damn it, Cas, you’re both driving me crazy!” Sam cries, smacking the palm of his hand down on the table despite every effort to keep hold of his temper. “You and Dean have been tip-toeing around this bunker ever since we ganked Morpheus and you know what? I don’t care. I am
Sam’s wearing some sort of flannel under a brown jacket. There’s blood splattered on his face and they’re surrounded by cold air that reeks of death.
“I wasn’t that drunk,” Dean retorts, though he knows he really, really was. “I did my homework, Cas. We do this and that’s it. You can stay.”
“I could hurt you,” Cas manages to get out, his eyes wild, pupils even darker than they had been at the club as he stares over his naked body to where Dean is sloppily licking his cock.
“So,” Dean says over breakfast the next day. Miriam makes a mean plate of eggs and bacon and it’s been pretty much all he can think about for the better part of twenty minutes. Now he’s full, though, and they have another problem to face. “How do we get home?”
“I don’t know anything about this world,” he informs his stupid brain as he walks. “I don’t know if that’s where Cas is. For all I fucking know it’s a spell to distract me from finding him. I gotta get information first,
“He really overdid it yesterday I guess,” Dean confirms. “Could barely stand on his own by the time we made camp, and slept like a log. Didn’t seem much better when he woke up despite that though.”
“This will take you home,” the fey says, gesturing at the crystal chamber beyond. “You will find the one that brought you here has been taken care of. We do not appreciate such ill-intended interference in our world. Farewell.”
It’s been twenty four hours since Dean and Cas came back from a milk run to Kentucky, and Sam’s tolerance has officially hit and surpassed its natural limit.
Dean drives the knife home with a growled curse, then sits back, scrubbing his hands on his thighs as if burned.
The older Winchester swings in just after midnight. He nods a greeting when he sees Sam, but he makes a side trip for a beer before sauntering over and sprawling into the chair across the table.
He blinks as the words register in his ears. That isn’t at all what he meant to say and he’s suddenly terrified, jaw clenched and fingers twisting into his jeans as he waits for the pain.
“Very well, Dean,” Cas says, “I trust you.” His fingers flutter over Dean’s face to brush away the hot, salty tear that rolls down his cheek. Then he’s pushing up and away and Dean is left kneeling, feeling alone in ways he didn’t know he could.
Cas can’t have a job on a student visa, but his family sends him a stipend each month. They split the bills in whatever way makes sense at the moment and don’t think a whole lot about who pays for what, otherwise. Money seems irrelevant, somehow, in the face of supporting each other through family emergencies, overwhelming classes, food poisoning and hangovers, and the occasional broken heart.
Dean reaches into his own pocket this time, and pulls out his wallet. “Card-carrying bisexual. See?” From one of the credit card slots he pulls a business card, banded blue and purple and pink, and hands it to Cas. Charlie got it for him at Pride a couple years ago and Dean’s carried it ever since: a silent, private reminder of his own validity.
It isn’t until they’re in Dean’s room fumbling with each other’s clothes between frantic kisses that he realizes how very intoxicated they are and that this isn’t what Cas signed up for. Dean tries to be responsible, he really does. But Cas’s arms tighten around his shoulders when he tries to pull away, and his lips are soft and insistent. Then the bastard rolls his hips against Dean’s with a near-pornographic sound of want, and everything Dean’s been feeling for the last three months peaks in a surge of pure need that erases any hope of rational thought.
The silence is so complete after the Empty takes Cas and Dean’s phone stops ringing that he can almost pretend that he died as well, that he’s just in that liminal space waiting for a guide to take him to his final resting place.
The other man is frozen with his mouth half open, one hand wrapped loosely around the bottle like he’s forgotten how to use it. “‘M serious, Cas,” Dean says with a dopey smile. “Marry me, stay in America, eat too many burgers. We can divorce after you’re a citizen. No harm done, yeah?” Something about that last bit
The weight of Castiel’s gaze pulls Dean’s eyes up, but the angel glances away, hiding his discomfort behind millennia of stoicism and a clenched jaw. He doesn’t look back until Anya sets her crayon down with a satisfied exclamation.
The entire world upends and the next thing Dean knows, he’s the goddamn little spoon, with Cas’s cock nestled against his cheeks and an arm pinning them together around his middle. His cock
“Flip the script: in his shoes, you’d be mortified, right?” Charlie says once they’re standing outside the townhouse she shares with Gilda and Dorothy. “You’d jet so fast you’d leave scorch marks.”
“I was making dinner, and their oldest, Dylan, came running in and said they couldn’t find Xavier. They’d been playing hide and seek, and Dylan’s mom Alice had told them it was time to come inside and eat, and for Xavier to go home. He’s only six, so of course, he doesn’t always do exactly as he’s told the first time. He’d run off to hide one last time, saying that after Dylan found him he’d go home. Alice helped Dylan search for him for a while, but then she got worried and sent Dylan to find me.”
“Cheater,” Dean says, feeling his face split into the kind of shit-eating grin that always gets him in trouble. “Something else I gotta do now anyway.” Cas stumbles when Dean pushes him backward, then catches himself and goes easily, his eyes big and his mouth desperate on Dean’s.
Cas retreats, but the corners of his face mask visibly shift upward in what Dean can only hope is one of those shit-eating gummy smiles he likes so much. “It’s good to see you upright,” Cas says. He turns to the sink and starts washing his hands as he speaks.
Dean rolls his eyes upward as he tugs his face mask off. “We already work together, dumbass. We breathe the same germs all day, so whatever you have, I’ll get eventually. You know it’s true, so get in.”
The last wispy details of Dean’s dream fade entirely as he noses at Cas’s shoulder. Cas makes an appreciative sound—just because he
.” Dean pivots to stare at him, and the two start laughing. Castiel is perplexed, but they seem so amused he can’t help but break into a small smile of his own for their sake, if nothing else.
as he pulls back up and away, then does it again. And again. His tongue slides along the underside of Cas’s cock, curls into the sensitive spot just below the head.
Silence stretches as Sam sorts through possible responses. In the end, he settles for, “Cut the crap, Cas. We both
By the time he’s done eating it’s well past closing time for most places he would prefer to land, and neither of his companions have contacted him. He frowns at his phone, torn between checking in and giving them space. In the end, the latter wins. They need all the time they can get
. That sounds a bit too much like a wish for Dean’s comfort, so he literally and metaphorically retreats into the further chair. “Feel better?” He asks.
“You’re dreaming, Dean,” he says, the words rattling off as if they’ve been rehearsed many times before. “The life you’re living isn’t real. The house? Eileen?” He pauses, his eyes drifting toward the kitchen significantly, “you and Cas. None of this is actually happening.”
Dean is similarly attired, he realizes, though his shirt...vest...tunic...thing...has heavy studs through the quilting at regular intervals, and his arms are loosely bound from wrist to elbow to keep his sleeves out of the way.
A young boy comes pelting in from outside and right up to their table. “Sirs,” he says, “I’m sorry, mama said I should come get you. She says you want to see this.”
Dean throws back his head and laughs. “Charlie got to you, didn’t she? Dammit, why didn’t either of you tell me?” He hops to a boulder a few feet down, then swings his leg to another foothold a bit further on.
Anya pulls the spoon from her sundae. A bit of ice cream curls from the tip of the spoon and she stares at it for a moment before she looks at her mom, lower lip pulling in tight against her teeth. Both women give her an encouraging nod, so Anya looks first at Sam and Castiel across from her, then Dean sitting next to her.
Cas’s smile gets wide like the Cheshire cat and a second later he’s dropping to his knees on the pavement and opening Dean’s pants with the same precise care he does anything. His intent is obvious now and holy shit this is an absolutely fantastic fucking idea, why haven’t they done this before, anyway?
“Shoulda told you sooner,” Dean mutters, “Couldn’t though, was too afraid,” He has his hand wormed up under Cas’s shirt, calloused fingers drawing patterns on Cas’s back. “You okay?” he asks after a bit, his voice rough with nerves. “Say something, sweetheart.”
“Okay,” Cas says after a long silence. When he continues, his voice is lower. “I would like that. What you said before about feeling good.”
“Okay,” Dean says, rather than voice his suspicions. “Got it. So just...head north and when I get to the caves I ask the fairies pretty please may I fetch my soulmate from their magic cavern?”
Dean rolls his eyes dismissively, but Sam’s been shotgun to his brother’s emotional crises too many times to miss the signs of true embarrassment and fear. He’s also familiar with what happens if Dean is left to navigate that maze of emotions unchecked and that absolutely cannot be allowed to happen this time.
Dean slides into the chair next to his and tugs the papers over to lay them out neatly. “This is the life insurance policy I have through my credit union,” he says, pointing to the first set of documents, “and this is my checking account. You just need to sign here and you’ll be added to both. The blue one will put you on my car insurance policy. That one,” and his fingers touch the paper reverently, “that’s Baby’s title. We’ll have to go to the DMV eventually, but just signing it gives you half ownership.” Cas inhales sharply, and Dean’s cheeks warm up.
, Jack’s ascension just another loss to tack onto the running list Dean’s started keeping in his head. He drinks to them every day, these ghosts of his past, of the life he’d lived because some dick in the sky decided he must.  They’d all died to put him where he is now, and to what purpose? It doesn’t feel like there was any then, and there certainly isn’t any now. Everything is gray.
Cold air drags over Dean’s confused body where warmth had been a moment before, and he knows that if he lets Cas go now, he’ll never get him back. It seems they missed the waterfall entirely thanks to the tsunami cresting beneath them and now they’re falling and falling and if Dean hits the ground alone he won’t survive. He isn’t sure Cas will, either, and that thought is worse. It’s unimaginably awful.
“Perhaps the thing got us, too,” Cas observes, busying himself by brushing dirt and moss off of his sleeves. “Dean, not to be cliche, but I don’t think we’re in Kansas anymore.”
Sam relishes the quiet parts of the morning when he’s done with his run, but it’s still early enough that the other inhabitants of the bunker are sleeping. Well, except Castiel, of course, but he’s hardly a bother at the best of times.  He has a sixth sense for when to make himself scarce doing whatever he does between research and butting heads with Dean.
“You’re just as fucked up as I am.” Dean laughs, giddy and high as he reaches for Cas once more. He gets him by the chin, turns his head back and forth to examine the goosebumps pebbling his skin where they touch and how his hair curls and sticks in the sheen of sweat that matches Dean’s own.
Miriam laughs. “Pretty much. If you want to sweeten them up a little, give them a coin. They don’t have use for currency as such, but they enjoy the shine of metal.”
“Could you do us all a favor and grow up?” Sam snaps. He paused, considering, "Or maybe be more of a kid and less of a jerk. She can help-”
Dean steps back as they approach the bed, but only as far as he must to unlace his boots and kick them off, to wiggle out of the rest of his clothes with practiced efficiency. When he looks up, Cas is already on the bed, sprawled out with his head propped on a pillow as he watches Dean undress.
“This world has angels, fey, and soulmates; perhaps it also has witches,” Cas replies thoughtfully. “Or some other type of magic user that could help send us back.” He butters another thick slice of bread (Dean is pretty sure Cas has eaten an entire loaf all by himself, but can hardly blame him; it’s delicious) and takes a bite.
“I couldn’t heal him fully,” Cas says. He sounds resigned. It occurs to Dean that this is far from the only time Cas's powers have been less than effective in recent months. It's hard to say whether it's Chuck's doing or Heaven's dwindling power, but at the moment he doesn't care. Regardless of the why, Cas is hurting and he hates it. “Sam will be very tired. You should get to the Bunker.” Cas turns toward Jack like that’s the end of it, and Dean’s heart stops.
will be okay,” Cas adds, and lowers himself enough to brush his lips against Dean’s freckled forehead in a caress as delicate as a spring breeze.
His hands drift of their own accord as they kiss, exploring Cas’s body with excited curiosity now that he finally has the right to do so. He’s quick to tug the shirt off and Cas is just as quick to let him. Dean’s fingers trace defined muscle once it is revealed, reveling in every inch of skin. He tweaks the nipple he can reach just to hear Cas’s choked back yelp, then again, this time rolling it back and forth between his thumb and forefinger.
. Despite himself, Dean finds himself believing the ethereal assholes. Miriam had seemed respectful of them, not afraid, and absolutely sure they would release Cas if he asked. She’d also seemed to believe they weren’t particularly smart which is clearly not the case, but other than that, it seems like she’s right. He can’t think of a single other supernatural being with as solid a recommendation as these.
Sam watches him go, jaw clenched. Whatever the hell’s going on between Castiel and Dean, they need to hurry up and get over it. Chuck made a big enough mess of the world without those two adding more to the muddle.
that shivers up and down Castiel’s spine like a palpable touch. He spins in place and finds himself face to face with a pale-haired woman in blue.
Dean leans down to kiss Cas on the lips, then slides down a little further, littering his throat and shoulders and chest with kisses, licks, and little bites. He bends his body down to wrap his lips around a small pink nipple and Cas groans in response, his hips pushing upward insistently. There’s little relief to be found that way, however, and Cas actually growls, his hands grabbing at Dean’s ass so hard there will likely be bruises in the morning.
“Sammy.” He tosses the rod away and grabs at the other man, all the terror he’s been holding back bubbling to the surface in an uncontrollable flood. He tugs at his brother's shirt impatiently with one hand and digs his phone out of his pocket with the other. He's unspeakably relieved when the screen lights up. The flashlight shows him the wound is puffy and greenish-pale like it’s been sitting weeks without care, rather than a few minutes. Worse, Dean can see streaks of angry red running downward, growing perceptibly longer as he stares.
blares from Cas’s pocket and they break apart, wide-eyed and panting. “You changed your ringtone,” Dean comments. It’s still Taylor-fucking-Swift, but he thinks he can forgive it just this once given the song choice.
“No, man. You aren’t.” Dean walks over to Cas and kneels in front of him. When Cas continues to glare at him, Dean takes a deep breath, wets his lips, and grabs the other man’s face between his palms. His thumbs run over Cas’s cheekbones, trace the shadows beneath his eyes. “You could barely walk yesterday, Cas. I don’t get why I’m okay while you’re exhausted, but it’s a thing, and it’s getting worse. You gotta start taking it easy. You keep my dumb ass from falling off cliffs, and I make sure you eat and sleep when you should. Deal?”
Castiel nods, shoulders hunched up against the pain of that thought. “You seemed happy,” he says miserably.
The diner seems as good a place as any to set up for research. Sam commandeers a corner table with a good view of the door, and sits at an angle where no one can see his laptop screen. He actually prefers researching in their motel room or at the local library because it’s quieter and he can get more done, but the diner has the added benefit of providing indefinite entertainment for Dean in the form of burgers and coffee. Less bitching means more time to study; Sam’ll take his wins where he can.
Then the generator kicks in, reality crashes down, and Dean’s fingers curl into the still-damp handprint on his coat like the only life line to sanity.
, meeting Castiel stare for stare until the angel looks down and away. “Of course,” Castiel says, pushing himself up slowly. “I’ll—-uh, I’ll be in the car.”
Dean shift from “about to lose it” to “protective big brother.” It’s an awe-inspiring thing, really, how quickly this man can set aside his own discomfort to take care of Sam.
He’s angry in a way Dean’s only seen a few times before. The last time, he’d sneaked off and nearly got himself killed. He remembers the fight afterward, their bodies colliding with each other and the walls, but overall he remembers Cas’s
Dean moves more carefully now, picking his way with care. There’s no sign of a fucking cave anywhere, but that doesn’t mean one doesn’t exist. Maybe the damn thing is under his feet; the bond might lead to Cas, but that doesn’t mean the path it takes is one he can travel.
“My name is Miriam,” she says, “and I’ll be the judge of what I believe. Hold on.” She ducks back through the door, and when she emerges she’s carrying a bowl filled with stew, a hunk of bread, and a wooden mug the size of Dean’s head.
Dean hasn’t stopped touching Cas’s face, he realizes, and Cas hasn’t tried to pull away. “It would be exactly like that.
“Breakfast yesterday,” Cas supplies helpfully. “Unless you count a twelve pack of beer as a meal. I do not.”
That’s a spectacular failure; he’s so lost in the sensation of their lips moving against each other that when Cas pulls away to whisper “I’m sorry” in a truly contrite tone, he’s baffled and hurt by the betrayal. Then he remembers that it’s all just a show. Disappointment creeps in to banish the warmth of their embrace and he stumbles backward, desperate for distance.
Exhaustion snatches consciousness away before they get any further, however. His last conscious thought is that this? This is how he wants the rest of his nights to be.
“If I didn’t laugh about it I would have cried, Cas,” Dean whispers, and Sam can see him running his thumb over that tie like it’s the most precious thing he’s ever touched. “What was I supposed to do? The sun’s more likely to love me back than you are.”
Dean frowns, resting one cheek on his fist as he turns to face Cas head on. “So we don’t tell anyone,” he says easily. “Even Charlie thinks we’re ‘just friends’ the way Bert and Ernie are ‘just roommates,’ so we can run with their mistake and call it a day.”
Cas’s arm jerks, the motion sending half a dozen tiny bottles crashing to the floor. He twists to look at the mess, then makes an annoyed
He thinks as he feeds the dog. He’s not sure why he’s keeping her, all things considered; their life isn’t great for keeping pets and Sam’s always been the one going on about dogs. In the end she’s there, though, and he can’t let her suffer.
To his surprise, Dean catches it with both his, pushing it back against his face. The walls around Dean’s soul seem to crack and crumble, leaving a frightened human in need, his eyes filled with something that Cas dares not examine too closely.
Dean knows Cas is stuck in the Empty; he knows a single human in heaven isn’t going to change that cosmic consequence, or it would have been changed already. That doesn’t mean he isn’t going to try. He’ll try every damn day for the rest of eternity if that’s what it takes. It’s not like he hasn’t fought God before. If he fights hard enough, maybe everyone will get tired of him and chuck him into the Empty as well, where he and Cas could at least share the same space.
The benefit of a sleeping brother and an absent angel is Sam gets to enjoy his smoothie and avocado toast free of sarcastic commentary. He relaxes back, hoisting his feet onto the chair in front of him. With a crunch of avocado-y, flax-seed-y goodness, he flicks open his laptop with his other hand to see what his programmed alerts have found for him overnight. Dean says he has too many—“a ridiculous amount" to be specific—but they’ve been too useful over the years for his brother to push too hard.
It isn’t until he’s walking between the houses that something else occurs to him: there is absolutely no guarantee the people living here will understand him. There’s no guarantee they’re even human, for that matter. There’s no Stargate or TARDIS here to translate for him; this is real life. To be sure, a very surreal real life, but still, real life.
of metal on flesh anymore, or the ghastly howls that fill the air. There’s a fire in his chest now, carrying heat to rival the hellish smoke they’re fighting through. It drives him on, keeps his arms swinging and his feet moving long past the point he should have fallen. He fights, and trusts his family, and waits for the blow that will end him for good.
Cas stares at him in visible shock, his chest heaving. He doesn’t speak, but he does pointedly drag his nails up Dean’s neck and over the back of his head. Then he yanks at Dean’s hair, his hands moving in rhythmic waves that short circuits every thought in Dean’s mind. His eyes roll back in his head and he forgets what he’s doing, mouth hanging open as he gets lost in the movement and touch and
He’s clearly trying to joke, trying to make a serious situation less frightening with sass, but the phrasing barrels out of history (or is it the future?) and punches Dean in the chest like a freight train.
He closes the oven with a little more force than is strictly necessary, then tosses the brush on top. “We had a, uh, misunderstanding. He took off and isn’t answering my calls,” he says finally.
“Bogeymen are like those awkward second cousins who crash your wedding, get drunk off a single wine cooler, then start scaring off your guests with uneducated political monologues.” Muller’s off the bed now, leaning over Sam’s laptop as they talk. “They’re also dangerous because for all they lack elsewhere, they’re really good at two things: scaring children and hiding.”
The grief Dean sees in that ocean of blue is too great to fathom. There are tears dripping down his cheeks, too, and Dean exhales sharply at the sight. He’s seen Cas drunk, seen him confused, seen him angry, seen him high, seen him fallen, seen him die. He’s seen him a thousand different ways in the last ten years, but he’s never seen
Dean surfaces from the dream like a swimmer from the depths, turning in the sweat-soaked sheets to burrow against Cas’s body. His arms snake around his lover’s waist and pull him close, desperate for contact. “Cas,” he gasps into Cas’s shoulder. “Don’t leave me. Please don’t leave me.”
The thing is, he does know. He knows the answer, even though it scares him, even though he thinks Cas is a dumbass for feeling it, even though he doesn’t deserve it. He
When Cas turns to face him, his shoulders are stiff, his face closed off and far too serious. “My grace is gone,” he says, and the loss in his voice is so strong, so
“Oh my God, Dean.” Sam pinches the bridge of his nose and Castiel can hear him counting slowly. When he reaches five, the younger Winchester straightens, pulling calm around him like a cloak. “Anyway. Sully is
,” Dean says, giving Cas a shove, and that’s how they end up tumbling back into their own world in a mess of flailing limbs and laughter, rather than with the dignified step they’d both intended.
His foot slips as he lands, twisting in an odd way, then slides into empty air. He teeters as cold adrenaline rushes through his body, his arms windmilling for balance. He looks upward, eyes fixed on Cas’s face as cold dread takes over. It isn’t that far to the bottom of the drop, he knows that. He’ll probably survive, but it’ll hurt like hell and Cas can’t heal him. He probably can’t even get Dean to the village on his own as things are, and he knows Cas will never leave him.
sound. “Careful there,” Dean murmurs with an unsteady chuckle. “You’re gonna scare the locals, sunshine.”
“I’m not—” Dean’s throat is too thick to properly form words, his mind too busy with the sensation of Cas’s body against his own to process anything else. “Whatever,” he concedes, helpless to object any further just then. He can’t get enough of Cas’s skin beneath his hands, the burn of stubble against his fingers, the faint pulse of blood flow beneath his palms. His own heart is pounding a mile a minute, hitching every time Cas’s breath mists against his skin.
Castiel and Sam both turn to face Dean. He’s standing in the open door, framed by the light outside, yet holding himself like he’s facing his worst nightmare.
,” his husband whispers between kisses, and Dean is shocked at his visceral reaction to the declaration.
They don’t talk about it the next day, or the day after that. It’s the following Tuesday, in fact, by the time Dean gets home to find Cas writing at the kitchen table, coffee cold and long forgotten beside his laptop.
, but nothing works. He’s trapped, the sound echoing and throbbing in his head like a determined fist on a door. His head is splitting and his chest hurts from running and fear. There’s someone with him, but their mouth is glued shut with shadows and no matter how Dean turns, he can’t see their face.
“Fuck, he’s that bad?” Dean scrambles to his feet, licking his lips as he peers past the host to look at Cas. He’s still standing there, unmoving, his hair in his face so Dean can’t see. “Dammit, this is my fault.
Cas blinks sleepily several times before apparently coming to a decision. He yanks Dean down without a word, then rolls them both until Cas is on top. “I have a better idea,” he says, sliding down Dean’s body beneath the covers, a man on a mission if Dean’s ever seen one.
“Holy shit,” Sam says, rubbing at his temples as he looks between them in disbelief. “You actually said it. This really is the end.”
Dean is standing in the door wearing his dead guy robe, fingers still flexing in mid air where they’d held a bottle moments before. His eyes are bloodshot and red-rimmed, but they’re fixed on Cas, wide and disbelieving. “What the hell?”
Dean rolls his eyes, digs in the little pouch on his belt, and produces two silver coins. “This enough?” he asks.
Muller sighs, turning her attention back to Sam and Castiel with the air of a mother ignoring her tantruming child. Given her supposed role in Dean’s life, perhaps it’s not too far from the truth.  “So I hear you need to gank a bogeyman. What’s it look like?”
Sam makes a frustrated sound. “I’m not drunk and this isn’t some kind of joke, Dean. You have to believe me. I know this place is...basically every good dream you’ve ever had rolled into one. I get it, I really do, but you have to wake up now. You
Sam doesn’t respond immediately. He has an odd expression on his face, actually, as if he’s doing mental arithmetic. “Muller and Sully,” ‘he says finally, apropos of nothing as far as Castiel can tell. “Dean, our Zanna were named
By the time they’ve found a large tree to shelter against and dig some leftover meat and a biscuit each out of their bags, Cas’s shoulders are drooping and every line in his body screams weariness. Dean watches him, feeling unsettled by Cas’s distress in a way he can’t quite put a finger on. It’s too close in a weird way, like he can feel what Cas feels in some part of him he’s never been aware of before.
Traveling like this is comfortable and Dean revels in it...until he breaks from his reverie enough to realize Cas’s pace has dropped to a near-crawl, his body and head bowed as if carrying some great weight, and his feet stumbling over even the smallest of obstacles. After that Dean watches and worries in silence, and does his best to keep Cas’s pack lighter than his own.
when they were looking. Dean hears the thump of the newspaper on the doorstep as he polishes off his last piece of bacon, but Cas is staring into his empty coffee cup like he thinks it might reach up and murder him and doesn’t seem to notice.
be reciprocated. If one loves their mate without being loved in return, there is a chance the one who loves will simply fade away.”
“A bag?” Dean asks. He swipes at her chin with his thumb before she can jam the spoon back in her mouth. He succeeds only in smearing the fudge across her face.
Dean spans the distance between them in three steps, leaning in to catch Cas’s bottom lip between his teeth as soon as he’s within reach. From there it’s laughing and pushing, kisses and caresses, stumbling back and forth as they explore each other’s bodies with needy hands and hungry lips.
Castiel nudges an ice cream sundae across the table. “Here,” he says. “This is for you.” The little girl sitting across from Castiel gives him a suspicious look and he leans forward with a conspiratorial smile. “If you talk to us, you can have the rest of mine, too.” It’s no sacrifice for him, but the little girl’s eyes get big and she grabs at the boat-like dish with two chubby hands.
He’s just starting to think he’ll have to camp after all when he stumbles on a massive rock settled in a dip in the rocky plain. It’s taller than he is, and wide, but there’s a wedge taken out of it from top to bottom revealing a space within. There are crystals as big as his thumb growing out of the interior wall, and the cut planes are smooth and shiny, bands of blue, purple, and pearly white swirling around the crystalline interior. In short: it’s the largest geode Dean has ever laid eyes on and he can’t stop looking, fascinated by all the details that one normally can’t see in the smaller rocks.
They have a full ranch spread for breakfast, sitting together in the airy breakfast nook that had been half the reason Dean insisted on
—wreck me, Cas. Fill me up, God, please.” He’s going to have to have a conversation with himself later about how easily Cas reduced him to actual freaking begging, but for now he’s content to let the words spill, especially since Cas seems to like them a whole hell of a lot.
Dean discovers the plants may be different, but the animals are very similar; the night he and Cas eat unsalted, slightly charred rabbit roasted on a makeshift spit over an actual campfire, he’s pretty sure he’s in heaven.
“Dean is just trying to help,” Castiel speaks up. “Did anything happen that you didn’t feel comfortable sharing with the police? You know we are not...like them.”
The beeping stops abruptly and Dean relaxes, his thoughts and dreams drifting elsewhere for a time. He stops for a time in an old barn, fascinated by the symbols spray painted on the walls. If he stares long enough he’ll understand what they mean, could swear he knows exactly why they’re there.
A small smile graces Cas’s face. “It has been a long road, hasn’t it?” He moves to loop his arm around Dean’s waist. “Let’s get you some water, honey.”
“Seriously, I’m happy for you,” he adds once he manages to catch Dean’s eye. “It’s really great to see you living on your own terms.”
. That’s the fate he’d always assumed he’d have, but seeing it written out had seemed impossible at the time. How could anyone with heaven’s price on his head die "unremarkably?" He'd dismissed it, laughed it off, but now here he is and he knows it's coming. It feels right that he's back on track to meet his original fate. Death setting the scales even, perhaps. He's fine with it; content, even.
Dean comes back to earth when his back crashes against brick and Cas’s body crashes against his front a moment later. He notices there’s a fire escape across the alley they’re in, yellow light gleaming from the street light out on the corner, and he’s pretty sure he’s glad that all he can smell right now is Cas.
“Almost dying in front of each other, dumbass,” Dean says. Castiel would protest—he was never in danger, not like that anyway—but then Dean's lips crash against his and with that kind of distraction ten bogeyman could have jumped out of nowhere and the angel wouldn’t have noticed.
“Yes,” he whispers finally. “Yes, he loves me.” His chest aches and he feels dizzy.  He closes his eyes, listening to air whistling around him and feeling the ground swoop beneath his feet. Eventually, he feels stable enough to look at Miriam again.
know, and he’s upset about it. On one hand, he’s remembering how Dean looked at him for that brief moment before the dream exploded. On the other, he’s remembering Dean declaring that
It’s a bit of a surprise, then, when he rounds a sharp corner and finds himself at the mouth of a vast chamber, bathed in purple-blue light. It’s eerily silent, and empty save for the single figure standing at the center, head down and hands at his sides.
There’s a long silence, and Castiel wonders if he imagined the whole thing. Then Dean and Sam come into view, followed quickly by Muller. The brothers each have a hand on one of the Zanna’s shoulders. Dean’s carrying her knife, while Sam has a firearm at the ready.
Feeling a little invigorated by the chill, but no less anxious, he does a circuit of their campsite and the area around only to discover no sign of Cas, no sign of his pack, and no sign of a struggle. All visible signs and most of Dean’s hindmost thoughts inform him that Cas took off on his own without waking him.
He wouldn’t, that’s the plain and simple answer, which means the only thing left is some sort of abduction.
“A door back, perhaps,” Cas says for Dean’s ears only. “I have no reason not to trust them, Dean. They treated me well and let us go when we wished.”
Hunter instincts take over immediately; he’s on his feet with his fists raised in front of him so quickly his body protests the effort.
Castiel sits, rubbing his hands together as if seeking distraction. He reads anyway, frowns, then reads again. “Our thing?”
. Jack dumped him on our doorstep a couple days after you went missing. He also told me where to find you.” Dean shakes his head violently, but Sam just keeps going, because of course he does. “Jack told us we had a mess to clean up and then off he went. Dean...I swear that’s really Castiel.”
Warmth travels through Dean’s body in waves, however, sparking every ecstatic nerve higher until he’s suddenly afraid he might come in his pants like a teenager from—
Dean and Cas exchange confused glances, but rise to follow the kid out, and down the road.  There’s a small crowd gathered in a field to the north of the town, and Dean starts to feel a touch of anxiety as they speed up to join the gathering.
“He, uh,” she exhales slowly, and Dean feels like the worst person in the world for having to tear his eyes from Castiel’s fingers so he can respectfully observe her grief. “He was in their storage building, inside an old cabinet they had in there. He’d crawled inside the bottom cupboard and—” her voice wobbles precariously “—when they found him, his… his hands were… he was still holding onto the inside of the door. Like he was holding it shut, like…”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says as soon as Dean is within speaking distance. “I didn’t—” He breaks off, muttering to himself in his native tongue and refusing to meet Dean’s eyes. Dean doesn’t let him fumble for too long before he drops onto the bench and proffers the clothes he’d brought with him. Cas cuts off mid-word.
He’s showered, shaved, and changed since Sam last saw him, and the collar on his light brown coat is popped up like he used to wear it when they were younger. All in all, he looks entirely too put together to be Dean Winchester at a bar in the small hours of a Friday night.
Dean can see sparks spiraling in his vision. They’re vivid against the shadows beyond Sam’s worried face. For a second he thinks he can taste the promise of rain in spring. He can hear
: pupils blown wide, lips swollen and spit-slick, and hair standing in every direction. Dean makes an incoherent sound in the back of his throat and slams his head back into the pillow, eyes squeezed shut.
Their friendship grows roots from there, without rational explanation. They kick each other’s ass at video games, argue over who forgot to start the dishwasher, and egg each other on at parties until one or both makes fools of themselves. Cas reminds Dean to “sometimes eat a vegetable before you get scurvy,” and Dean reminds Cas to “get some fucking sleep, you obsessive Russian robot.”
When he gets himself together enough to turn around, Cas is rummaging through their packs, his back an insurmountable barrier to Dean’s curious eyes. “We’re only an hour or two from that town,” he says without turning, “and we don’t know what we’ll find there. I think you should get some sleep, too. I can watch over you for a bit.”
, his carefully constructed walls crumbling like sugar in the rain. The words are coming whether he wants them to or not. “I would have. I do. You’re fucking amazing, Cas. Always thought so, dumbass. I miss- miss-” He stumbles and stammers  and gives up. Instead he reaches out, grabs Cas’s hand and slaps it, awkward and too heavy, against the spot where he’d been grabbed on his express train ride out of hell courtesy of Castiel, Angel of the Lord.
, remembers how he had rejected that statement against all logic and odds. Jack’s no monster, he’s just another kid Dean failed to protect.
Dean wakes up with the sun in his eyes, heart pounding and sweat soaking his innermost layer of clothing. He lurches upright with a strangled cry, looking around wildly.
), but she’s clearly puzzled by Cas. She keeps peering at the angel in the intent way people with gifts sometimes do, her curiosity clear, but temporarily contained by manners or grief.
Wave after wave of mindless malevolence peaks and crashes against men and angel, only to get pushed back by their desperate blows. Dean barely registers the sickening
Dean looks down at the coat in his lap while his mind whirls. Eventually it settles on one thought: He’d been ready to die in a djinn dream, so he really doesn’t have much to lose. He takes a deep breath and looks up.
Abruptly Cas stiffens, fingers tightening their grip on Dean’s hips, yanking him back to thrust as deep as possible, and then he can feel Cas shuddering and pulsing within him, coming undone. “Dean,” Cas cries in that moment, and that
Cas pulls away, and Dean feels everything slip sideways, hurt and anxiety rearing their ugly heads at the loss of contact. But then he realizes Cas is just shrugging off his shirt, and Dean can finally drink in that body without fear of being caught out. His fingers explore on their own, then,  running along every line and brushing lightly over every smooth muscle. It doesn’t seem real, somehow, that he gets to touch Cas this way, but if this is just a dream, it isn’t one he wants to wake from.
“Well...you didn’t actually order anything,” she says evasively, “and you being new to these parts and all, I wouldn’t feel right asking for payment.”
Dean cringes. His memories of the fairies are not pleasant, and he’s not looking forward to dealing with them again. “How do I get him back?”
Shock grips him for a moment, then he slowly tilts his head back to give his bindings a closer look. There’s Enochian carved into every link of the chains holding him up, as well as on the cuffs. He looks down and realizes it’s scrawled all over the floor, too, trapping him more surely than any physical prison could have.
The storm continues to rage with shrieking voices and the buffeting sound of angel wings. Dean gets lost in it again, to the point that he’s not sure when the familiar figure standing in front of him in the muddy road actually appears. It’s almost as if he’s always been there and Dean just hadn’t noticed before.
Cas pushes Dean’s pants and underwear down around his hips, pulling his cock and balls free as he does. The cold brick against Dean’s ass is oddly pleasant. The sight of Cas kneeling in front of him with his face flushed pink and his hair in disarray is incredible, however, the reality so, so much better than any dream vision Dean has ever furtively jerked off to in a hotel bathroom.
“Not quite, dear.” The woman blows him a kiss, and he feels something sparkle beneath his skin, then settle deeper. “Enjoy my gift.”
A little while later he gets up and starts putting things away. Dean might not have cared a whole lot about what Sam thought of their escapade in the heat of the moment, but Castiel knows that time and distance will change that drastically. He’s just folding a t-shirt into a neat roll the way Dean likes them when he hears someone say, “I’m going to count to six.”
“Well that’s vague.” She purses her lips, then she nails him to the wall with a single look. “Take care of that unicorn, Dean. I mean it. You hurt him and trust me, no one will find your body.”
She’s gone as suddenly as she arrived. Castiel looks from Sam to Dean. “Did she harm either of you?” he asks.
The bottom drops out of Dean’s stomach as he considers how that conversation might go. “No! I- I can’t. Sammy, I
in heaven; it’s fierce and wild and more beautiful than anything he ever saw while living, so he stays where he is even after the clouds have rolled in and the first drops of rain splash on his face.
She shoos him over to sit at a table near the window, then plops the food in front of him. “Eat,” she says, settling in the stool across the table. She waits until he’s shed his pack and taken a bite or two, then adds “So tell me about yourself, Dean Winchester.”
, Dean thinks affectionately, and then he’s slipping, sliding, tripping backward, and inky tendrils pull him into the void
He tips forward until his forehead rests against the inside of Castiel’s wrist. “I stopped talking to Muller after that, but she kept showing up looking sad. Eventually she tried to talk to me about what Dad said and I blew up. The rest is history.”
“I think we sorted that out three years ago,” he says flippantly, and Meg’s fingernails dig sharp points of disapproval into his skin. “Okay, okay. I’ll treat him good, arright? I swear.” Meg doesn’t know the half of it and never will; he supposes he can grant her a moment of protective concern.
They don’t wait for permission from Bobby to kiss, but no one seems to mind. They’re pressed so close together Dean can feel Cas’s heart hammering in his chest and he never wants to let go. “
him in a way that makes his throat close and his heart speed up and his thoughts tangle uselessly together like charging cords. He thinks about how broken he would be if he never saw Cas again.
There are other differences about the world as well, though it’s hard to put a finger on what they are, or if they’re even real.
, but he says to get back to the motel. He’s going to send someone who’s very excited to help us, um, ‘lickity-split.’”
Lower he goes, all too aware of Cas’s breath quickening, the trembling tension in the softness of his belly when Dean strokes the same hipbone he’d kissed before, then follows the sharp line down until his fingers slip under Cas’s pants.
Cas turns on his heel and takes off, leaving Dean no choice but to follow him away, through the living room, and down the short hall. He sheds clothes as he goes, tripping and stumbling over his own feet as he tugs off socks and pants and boxers and shirt. He reaches the door to find Cas undoing his fly at the foot of the bed, face tilted up and eyes half-closed as if lost in fantasy.
He lifts Dean’s hands to kiss his fingertips one at a time. “I’ve even let myself get used to this,” he says with a small laugh, “the way you let me touch you...the way that you touch me. How easily you tell me you love me, like it’s the only truth that matters. It’s intoxicating, Dean. I could stay here forever. ”
He grabs dinner at a Greek restaurant just off highway 51. He feels a little guilty about enjoying his meal given everything else going on in Jackson that night, but it’s not like he’s sitting there doing nothing. Even while scarfing down the best gyro he’s had since he left Stanford he’s still compiling research and networking with other hunters.
“I—okay.” None of the words in Dean’s head make sense, and his body is very stiff, so he lies down and wraps his cloak around him without another word.
“But?” Dean’s heart is breaking, shattering into a thousand pieces in his chest as he waits for the inevitable. His eyes burn, and tears drip down his cheeks.
Her crude sketch of a skinny, stooped man with a sack on his back and a fabric head with a rip for a mouth looks almost cute.  “His eyes were black but I only had orange,” she supplies in a serious tone.
Dean wets his lips and holds back a dozen flippant responses begging to be heard. “Thank you,” he says instead.
“It’s not actually helpless, is it?” Dean says thoughtfully, as his fingers crimp the top and bottom crusts together. “The whole President thing, I mean. If we win this one we get a little reprieve, but the storm will be back in a few years. It always is, ya know? If the turnip wins, well—that’s what we’re here for. Me and Sammy and you and Eileen and all the rest. We’re here to fight evil and keep people safe, right? No one ever said the evil couldn’t be human made.”
“You aren’t personally responsible for every battle that humans must fight, Dean,” he says, his hand settling to cup Dean’s cheek. “If he wins, it isn’t your fault.”
The ring slips on Dean’s finger, and he exhales in relief, staring down at the ring with a dazed expression. It feels
, because as soon as it becomes apparent he isn’t coming into work, Dean ‘calls in’ for him. The last thing the guy needs is to lose his job in the middle of a freaking pandemic because Dean doesn’t know how to use his words in a timely fashion.
The same ghost of despair and fear is riding shotgun in Cas’s head today, the same angry buzz is in his words, and Dean can’t stand that he’s the cause of it. It’s too much. It’s too fucking much.
“Cas,” Dean says in a voice brimming with emotion. “Please,” He reaches for the front of Cas’s coat and yanks with all his strength.
Cas steps away without answering. Dean frowns, but then his friend pulls his mask down and he can see Cas’s face. It’s been three months since he last saw that scruff and Dean thinks his heart might actually stop at the sight.
“I don’t need you, Muller. Not your comfort, not your company, and especially not your judgment. Get out.”
Cas rolls onto his back and puts one arm behind his head, staring up at the ceiling as if it contains the answers to the universe. “I thought I knew what to expect from physical intimacy,” he says, “I was very wrong.”
Dean laughs, turning toward the mouth of the alley and pulling Cas after him. “Don’t know if you noticed, but you got eyes like the sky, sunshine.” Somehow it’s easier to say it when he’s not staring into Cas’s face.
They kiss for so long that Dean’s lips ache, swollen and spit-slick, when they finally part. Cas pulls away and Dean watches him as he studies Dean. “I have loved you since the moment I saw your soul in hell,” Cas whispers, “and I will love you till mountains crumble to the sea.”
They go after Chuck because of course they go after Chuck, but when God himself punches him in the face, all Dean can think about is that he can’t even feel that. The blows fall and Dean thinks about Cas, and he thinks about what it would like to be done, finally, and he lets his heart crack open with the size of it. All the words he never got to say bubble up inside him and give him strength to keep standing, to keep smiling, to keep goading until Chuck gets tired of the game.
“Yeah,” Dean says, feeling much steadier now they’re touching, “yeah, I can do that. Stop scaring me, Cas. What’s going on?”
isn’t. Sam tried to tell you more times than even I can count, but you wouldn’t...perhaps couldn’t...believe him.”
“I wanted,” Cas interrupts himself with a short chuckle that seems more sarcastic than amused, “No, not that. Nevermind. You said you wanted to bang a few gongs before you go out. Remember saying that before you took off earlier?” There’s a note of accusation there; Dean flinches away from it. “I thought: why not join you? I will always come when you call, and we both know you’re going to, so here I am.”
A little less than five years later, Dean greets his husband by slapping a thick envelope against his chest when he walks in the door. Cas takes it with a questioning sound, then lights up like a Christmas tree when he sees the government seal by the return address.
Of course, they’re Winchesters, and that means they don’t get to have good nights. Sam is unpleasantly reminded of this fact when the bar door bursts open. The other patrons glance over curiously, then turn back to their drinks and conversation with a shrug.
Dean’s spent the day holed up in his room with cold pizza, a bottle of Jim Beam, and—according to Sam’s credit card statement—entirely too much porn. When he does stumble out his face is suspiciously puffy, but he dons his classic “fuck you very much” expression before Sam can even get his mouth open to ask what’s wrong.
He spins in a circle, arms outspread, and a bunch of people nearby dodge out of the way. The heavy air in the warehouse flows around him like syrup and he leans into it, laughing. He can feel his socks cradling his feet, his shoes cushioning them from damage. The seam of his pants is an intriguing presence up the side of his leg and his boxers hug his junk, providing constant reminder that touch would feel good right about now. His shirt is sweat-damp against his chest and even the chill is delightful.
“Don’t know if you noticed, but it’s freaking cold,” Dean says into the silence. “Put’em on before you catch pneumonia or something.” Castiel’s fingers are purple-tinged when he pulls them out of his pockets and his hands shake a little as he pulls the gloves on. Dean takes the initiative to wrap the scarf around his neck. “What the hell possessed you to take off like that?”
Castiel rakes the room with grace-enhanced eyes, but finds absolutely nothing of interest. It rankles him deeply that this creature is hurting children and he can’t even see it.
“Violet,” Dean says, drawing his eyes away from the empty cupboard. He clears his throat before he continues. “Is there anything else you can tell us? Anything at all, however trivial it seems?” Violet crosses her arms and glares at him; too late, Dean realizes he’d verged closer to suspicion than support.
, began to fill. He knows without question that he is regaining something he hadn't known was missing, but the
Later that afternoon, when Sam and Eileen have stopped teasing them enough to congratulate them on their decision to ‘get on with it,’ Dean and Cas go back to the kitchen to finish making the pie.
They find the water quickly enough. It’s a creek, really, a trickle of water Dean could leap over without getting his feet wet if he needed to. It’s further into the forest than Dean cares to be, but it flows adjacent to the edge, rather than heading deeper in, so they follow it downstream as best they can.
Getting married is not the issue. Cas needs to stay in America where he’s safe and happy, and a wedding opens that door like nothing else could. He will never regret enabling that for a single second.
“That’s dreadful,” Miriam says, as if he’d just told her of a death in the family. “My Jasin is just across the fields over there,” she jerks her chin to the side. “He’s getting hungry, so he’ll be in soon. I can’t...I can’t imagine not knowing these things about him. Yours must be a terribly lonely world,” she says, and for the first time she sounds uncomfortable.
. Both of you are going on this case, and we’re going to solve it together, and no one is going to make this any harder than it has to be!”
The movement and sound stops, and the soft, warm body pressed against Dean goes stiff. Then Cas exhales sharply, yanking himself away with garbled words somewhere between horror and profanity. He pushes upright and off the bed immediately; Dean can see Cas’s hair sticking up in every direction against the pale square of the window as he shakes himself fully awake.
Dean settles into life in Heaven pretty easily. It ain’t called heaven for nothing, after all; it’s very easy to get lost in how good the place feels, because that's what you're supposed to do.
“Ew, dude, I so did not need that mental image,” Dean remarks. He’s eating another burger; it’s his fourth or fifth of the day and Castiel finds himself wondering, not for the first or last time, how the hunter manages to fit so much food inside his body.
Oddly, the closer he gets to civilization the more he wants to turn away. His instinct tugs at him with every step, the urge so great that several times he has to physically force himself to keep to the river rather than turn north and follow the odd plumb line yanking on him.
The rest of the night passes in a blur. Before he knows it, he and Cas are drinking their morning coffee in groggy silence. It’s like any other Sunday they’ve ever shared, only they’re getting married in a few hours and Dean’s heart skips a beat every time he thinks about it.
Cas abruptly shoves himself upward on one elbow, his other hand clapping down on the scar emblazoned on Dean’s bare shoulder. There’s no electrical surge this time, no change in anything other than Cas’s rocking hips abruptly stuttering to a halt and arching upward. The connection
driving more fog between Dean and his companion. By the time he realizes he’s fully awake, the only thing he can remember is the storeroom he’d been standing in. He’s quite sure he’s never seen a space like that in his life...and equally certain that he knows it like he knows his own name, could list the contents of every single box down to the last toothpick if requested.
, Dean.” Cas’s grip tightens when Dean tries to pull away. “I don’t mean what we have isn’t real, Dean. I love you. I always have, I always will.” He kisses Dean’s ring finger.
Dean slams two more shots in an effort to get his mind back on track, but his thoughts get even more confusing. Thankfully he manages to get himself home and in bed without having to touch Cas again or answer any more questions.
Silence stretches, but then Miriam sits up straight and grabs his hand with hers. “Did you say your Cas was getting tired?”
Dean opens his mouth and then realizes he has no idea how he can explain who he is or what he needs without sounding batshit crazy. He opts for a more straightforward route, and hopes it is enough. “My name is Dean Winchester,” he says finally. “I’m looking for a friend. Dark hair, blue eyes, big-ass smile. We were traveling together but he disappeared this morning.”
that echoes in the small room. “I was invited.” She flips to the next page absently, glancing down  “Oh,
Cas snorts a laugh, but his mirth fades quickly. Dean can practically see the gears turning in his head as he considers the possibility. “We would have to lie to everyone we know. We would need to share affections,” he observes, eyes resting pointedly on Dean’s mouth, “in public at least. You would not be able to date, or-” he trails off, somehow looking heartbroken and exasperated at the same time. “I thank you for the gesture, but I can’t ask-”
He migrates to a bar near the motel and settles at a corner table. He texts the address to Dean and Cas, then settles down with his laptop once more. He starts to get worried when an hour or two passes without a blip, but before he can take off to find his brother, Dean finds him.
Dean grins up at his friend, lifting one hand to clumsily poke at his nose with one finger. “It’s ‘what are you talking about,'
“More than enough,” she says, in a tone one might use if a stranger tried to pay a million dollars for a single apple.
When he stumbles into the kitchen the next morning in a panic because he hit snooze one too many times, the dishes are clean, the blanket is neatly folded, and Cas is gone.
They get something out of it that this woman is unaware of, Dean is certain. Supernatural critters don’t just do stuff like that out of the goodness of their hearts. Perhaps they feed off the pain, but if that were the case, then why would they simply let their prey go?
Dean’s breath gradually evens out. His heart slows a little, only to pick up at an entirely different rhythm when their bodies rub together just right. Need sparks again, demanding more..more...
“The innkeeper in that town is actually pretty great,” he tells Cas, “and we could share a real bed if you don’t mind walking in the dark for a little while longer. My back could use the break, not going to lie. This getting old thing blows.”
“You smell good,” Dean says without taking his eyes off the light show above him.  He couldn’t say whether Cas is wearing cologne or if his hopped up senses are just better able to smell the bastard’s natural aroma, but he’s drowning in heavy spice and okay
when they were looking. The newspaper arrives while Dean is eating the last bit of bacon; he laughs and refills Cas’s coffee before heading to the garage. Cas will be busy reading for a while, and Baby needs an oil change.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says a little later. He’s turned away as well, Dean can tell, but even on memory foam he can feel the pull of Cas’s body weight on the bed, and wonders how the hell he’s going to survive.
Dean hesitates a moment, then wraps an arm around Cas’s shoulders and a leg around his thighs in a tacit request to stay, to be patient. Cas doesn’t respond at first, but then he gradually relaxes. His body moulds against Dean’s again and there’s muscle where he’s used to curves, scruff where he’s used to smooth skin. It feels different and strange, but also
here, and Dean’s chest is full to bursting. In that moment he knows he’d sell his soul to Hell all over again, give up on the Apocalypse and everything else, if it meant Cas never left his side again.
“Only in cheesy novels and B-grade TV,” he says flippantly. Then he reluctantly continues, “yes, soulmates exist but they’re not...like that.” Not like the certainty he has that Cas is alone, sad, and afraid. Not like the tether tugging at him, yanking him toward where Cas has to be. “When soulmates die in my world, they share a place in the eternal Hotel California, if you catch my drift. That’s really the long and short of it.”
that Dean buries his face in the bed and screams, his legs shaking with the effort of holding him up.
Cas arches into his touch, emitting a low growl that resonates somewhere inside Dean’s soul. The movement pushes them even closer together, presenting unignorable evidence that angels are not, in fact, ‘junkless.’ It’s the hottest thing Dean’s ever felt and he wants more; he rocks his hips upward once, twice—and reality sets in like a cold shower.
The little girl’s mother, a dark-haired, nervous-looking woman from Colombia, is sitting with Violet just a couple of tables away. In the eyes of the world, they’re three middle-aged strangers; even Castiel can understand the logic of interviewing a child in public, with a parent present, even if it had led to this extremely awkward afternoon snack at Merle’s Diner.
“A Zanna,” Dean interrupts, “yeah, I know.” He fumbles his way to the nearest chair and sits, fists clenched between his knees.
that slams into him is unfathomable. Blue eyes and brown hair and a dirty trench coast. Blood in his teeth and the burn of grace, gentle hands pulling him up, arms wrapped around his shoulders a little too tightly. Tears falling, words spoken with utter sincerity and the absolute anguish of knowing they would be the last they shared. Everything light and good shining from Cas's eyes, only to be swallowed by ink and malice moments later.
Cas cocks an eyebrow, examining his face thoughtfully. “No, you never have,” the angel muses. “I suppose that’s why I love you, even when it hurts.” His attention shifts back to Sam as if he hadn’t just delivered a bomb greater than anything Chuck’s thrown at them so far. Dean stares at the angel in abject shock.
It shows up in tingling skin, prickling heat, and dreams that leave Dean a sweaty, disheveled mess the next morning.
” Grace crackles in subsonic waves beneath the question. Every hair on Dean’s body stands on end and he jerks his chin up, ready to fight. His aggression falls apart when their eyes meet, however. Sure, Cas is clearly done playing games, but there is no judgment or spite lurking behind his frustration. All the angel is giving him is
Dean’s never come untouched, but he suddenly wants to know if he can, so even though his cock is begging for attention he ignores it, focusing on the heat building up inside him instead, on his need, on the man behind him. Cas is doing this to him. Cas is fucking his brains out. Cas wants to touch him, knows exactly how to make him feel good, is ravaging him like there’s no freaking tomorrow. God, Cas
“We do not believe it would be good for him to see you,” the original speaker continues. “We fear he will die if his essence fractures any further. Speak, human. Tell us why we should risk his life this way.”
From there Dean’s heart does a slow flip in his chest because oh shit, oh fuck, it’s one thing to say a thing for the first time when he’s sure it won’t be heard, and another to say it again with Cas pressed against him from shoulders to feet. It only takes a moment for the fear to vanish completely, however, hidden behind the simplicity and beauty of what he needs to say, and the beautiful clear blue of Cas’s eyes.
Castiel’s head tilts to the side despite himself. “Who are you? What are you doing here?” He asks, shaking his angel blade down his sleeve as he takes another step forward.
“It isn’t school,” Cas says. His accent is heavier than usual, the words bound up with frustration and anger. “I met Crowley on the way out of Professor Shurley’s office this morning and he chose to remind me that my life ends in August. I took it poorly.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean says inelegantly when it’s his turn to speak. He wipes his tear-tracked face with the palm of his free hand and looks to the sky like it will provide inspiration. “You’re a hard act to follow.” He gets through his own vows and somehow says “I do” before his throat locks up completely. He fumbles the ring away from Charlie and slips it on Cas’s finger despite his own shaking hands and then that’s it, they’re done and he can hardly believe he isn’t dreaming.
Anya’s eyes get impossibly wide, but she gives Castiel a fractional nod before she leans across the table, whispering conspiratorially. “I couldn’t see him, Cas-tee-el. He had a bag on his face!”
Dean gets up somehow, of course. He gets up, and he leaves that hellhole that still stinks of Death and Empty, and he goes to find Sammy.
Cas is still kneeling next to him, though he’s settled on his heels and his hands are held up as if to prove he isn’t a threat. His eyes are soft...fuck, so soft...when they meet Dean’s, and his voice sounds like thunder and lightning combined. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean smiles at him, but the expression is a little distracted. All three newcomers have their eyes fixed on a point behind Castiel, and he abruptly realizes that they’re walking as they are so Dean and Sam can see the bogeyman.
The sun is warm and golden, the grass is green, and Cas’s eyes are a beautiful blue despite that worried frown.
The words cut off when Dean leans in, pressing his mouth firmly against Castiel’s. Cas’s lips are warm and plump, and part at the merest nudge of Dean’s tongue. Cas pushes his whole body forward insistently and Dean lets himself be pressed backward, the line of the counter against his lower back playing a pleasant counterpoint to the feel of Cas’s mouth on his own.
“Don’t do what?” Cas asks, his brows drawn together in confusion. He steps back and takes Dean’s chin in his hand, turning his head back and forth like he’s looking for something. “Are you okay, Dean?”
as it resets itself. He leans forward and down until he can peer, however awkwardly, at Dean’s face. “So tell me,” he whispers.
“That’s not a great way for a guy to treat his boyfriend,” Charlie observes, and Dean promptly trips over abso-fucking-lutely nothing and nearly lands on his face. “Wait, wait. Was that supposed to be a secret? I’m so sorry!”
Dean seems to fall asleep sometime after midnight, sweaty face pressed against Cas’s chest and his arm slung over Cas’s waist. Cas is content to run his hand through Dean’s hair, or trace the freckles he can see, or simply hold him close. This night is such a greater gift than he ever expected to receive that he can’t quite believe it is real.
“Something like that, yes. I hope I did not harm them.” Cas gives him one of those rare, gummy smiles he has, his eyes crinkled up in glee. “Let’s get out of here.”
Dean gets an idea and tightens his grip, tugging with just enough pressure to be noticed. Cas groans into the hollow at the base of his throat and the hand working at Dean’s belt loses its purchase and skids downward, crossing the front of his jeans before getting snatched away.
“What did the rest of him look like?” Dean’s tone is coaxing as he pulls a napkin across the table and offers the kid an orange crayon that came with the diner’s under-twelve menu. “Can you draw him for me?”
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas says out of nowhere, a few minutes later. “Still so beautiful, and you don’t give a single shit, do you? All you see in the mirror is failure and damnation.” He inhales sharply, his free hand wiggling between them to press, fingers splayed, against Dean’s chest. “You don’t see what I see, Dean, and it’s going to destroy me.”
Dean shrugs. “I’ve seen all sorts of shit in my line of work. You learn to work with what comes at you or you get an express ticket to the afterlife, and I’m not a fan of being dead.”
They pause frequently to kiss, again and again and again. They keep at it until Dean can’t remember how to breathe and his body aches with need and the air is so dense with electric tension he half-expects lightning to arc through the room.
“Sam called us,” Dean says slowly, searching his mind for the details. Sam is in Ireland right now. He’s technically on an extended vacation, but he’s still taking calls because the dude has no idea how to take a break. The most he can do from that distance is tell Dean about what he hears, which can be useful and frustrating.
between Cas and Dean has reached a point where Sam wants to smash both their heads together, but as far as he’s aware he’s done nothing to personally attract the angel’s ire.
Cas meets his eyes with a steady, electric stare that shakes Dean to his core. “If you trust me, then wake up, Dean. Your family needs you.”
Cas’s face goes on a journey to put Frodo’s hike to Mount Doom to shame, but eventually his shoulders slump. “I’ll take the couch,” he says. He immediately flops on the loveseat and closes his eyes as if he’s actually going to sleep just like that, with his shoes on and his head uncomfortably cricked against the worn arm.
Their arms slide around each other easy as breathing, their legs tangle, their bodies fit together as if made for that purpose. Cas squeezes Dean’s shoulders, and in a matter of seconds his breath evens back to the slow, steady rhythm of deep slumber.
There’s another pause, then Cas shifts uncomfortably, reaching for the blanket and pulling it up to their chins.
Fear of rejection fades, to be replaced by entirely different concerns. He bites his lower lip as he studies Cas’s face, committing every blissed-out detail to memory.
“Dean?”  It’s less an inquiry and more a beseeching plea; Cas’s voice catches mid-word and he wets his lips after. “
Cas leans down to flip the open wrapper into Dean’s view, and Dean nods acceptance.  Then he feels Cas’s cock pressing in without hesitation, filling him to the brim in one smooth stroke that is so freaking overwhelmingly
He’s breathless, cheeks stained pink, and Castiel can’t stop staring. He abandoned heaven for this man without a second thought, took a leap into the unknown, lost his wings, his faith, his family, and his pride, and hasn’t stopped falling since, but has never expected anything in return.
Miriam frowns thoughtfully, tapping one finger on the side of her chin. “Did you say it disturbed you to see this ‘Cas’ upset? More so than usual, right?” She asks.
“Anya, my neighbor’s youngest. She said… she said when they were looking for Xavier, she saw something in the mirror. A reflection of someone sneaking out when they weren’t looking. She’s only five so no one would take her seriously.”
spoken with such sincerity it breaks his heart. Tears drip down his cheeks, and they're hot until they're cold, just like the rest of him.
“You think I went along with that for the hell of it, Cas? You think, what, I’m gonna Joe Buck you in a dirty alley and then what?
wanted to say—to Castiel Novak. There’s a lot, and he doesn’t know where to begin, so he starts with the safe, but inane. “I told Crowley you have food poisoning.”
want you to give—not for me to take,” he whispers finally. “Please, Dean.” There’s a world of feeling there that Dean’s not at all ready to explore, not when his dick could cut diamond and and he has the salty taste of Cas’s precum in his mouth.
Dean breaks a chip in half, then in half again, as he watches Cas eat. They’re the wavy kind; he focuses on breaking it down to just one ‘ruffle.’ “So, um-” he says finally, “I didn’t think this through very well.”
Cas looks at their joined hands, his thumbs rubbing circles over the backs of Dean’s hands. “I’ve enjoyed these spring days with you more than I can express,” he says. “Sharing a bed, tending our garden, visiting with Sam...it’s everything I could have dreamed for you. I love seeing you so happy.”
“I believe,” Sam answers with a certain amount of relief, pushing his laptop back so they can both clearly see the screen, “it’s a bogeyman.”
Blessed silence, save for a slight nasal rumble from the other side of the bed, greets Dean’s overstimulated ears. He sighs with relief, then rolls toward the one remaining sound.
looking at Dean, his jaw tight and his blue eyes flashing with passion. “You were lying about something I would die to have, and you thought it was funny.”
They end up getting hammered. It isn’t an intentional thing, of course, but somehow the flask leads to beer while waiting for pizza, and when that runs out they start doing shots. Eventually they sprawl out on the couch, drinking straight from their last bottle of Jack and laughing at the overbearing melodrama that is Dr Sexy.
He watches the trees pass as he drives and thinks about Cas talking about bees, his arms waving wildly in his excitement. Dean thinks about liquor stores and porn on an ancient TV and the heavy scent of Cas’s cabin in that strange future world Zachariah had thrown him to. He thinks about being a demon. He thinks about Cas leaving to help Kelly and Jack. He thinks about funeral pyres and phone booths and “I will always come when you call” and Cas letting go as he leapt for the portal.
No one is surprised when they get a place together off-campus in their junior year and carry on as before.
,” Dean says, choking on his own breath as he doubles his pace and skids across the glass-smooth floors between them.
Jesus, could he be any more obnoxious?” Dean mutters, and Castiel watches Sam’s face go tight and hard, his nostrils flaring and jaw working as he fights to stay calm.
She nods solemnly. “And he had a big sack on his back, too. Like...like Santa, except he was mad. And he was really skinny like Mister Andrews’ scarecrow.”
"Dean." Cas shakes his head, but before he can laugh it off, Dean grabs his shoulder and yanks him forward.
“You owe Sam an apology,” Castiel replies without budging. The entire diner is watching them, he realizes distantly. The waitress Dean had flirted with earlier even has her cell phone raised, thumb hovered over the screen like she’s taking a video.
Dean meets Castiel Krushnic when they land in the same dorm room freshman year. He quickly learns they have far more differences than similarities (starting with nationality and going right down to preference in music) and braces himself for a year of misery. A month into hell, however, they unexpectedly find common ground in the form of cheap beer, cheap food, and bad TV marathons.
Cas speaks first, breaking composure only once to swear in Russian when he can’t remember what he’s supposed to say next because he lost the paper he’d written his vows on. Then Meg hands him the ring and Bobby’s asking him if he swears to keep his vows till death do you part, and Cas is whispering “I do” like it means the world to him.
both, mixed with guilt that he wants something for himself so badly in the midst of this greater crisis.
It takes them a long time to get back to town, but neither of them have any complaints about the cause of their delays.
Slow realization crawls over Dean’s face right in front of Sam’s eyes, before turning into a mild, resigned scowl. “Sully,” he says.
A second later he bends, pushing his jeans and boxers down. When he straightens he’s lazily stroking his cock and his eyes are fixed on Dean. There’s no trace of distant fantasy there, only solid, unquenchable desire. Dean swallows, suddenly intimidated.
“I was afraid,” Cas says. His shoulders roll forward and he stares at his gloved hands as if they might hold the secret to the universe. “We went too far last night.”
“I wasn’t ready,” Cas says, his voice gravelly and broken, “I needed to—pretend—for a little while longer.”
, but nothing works. He’s trapped, the sound echoing and throbbing in his head like a determined fist on a door.
“I’m fine sharing the bed if you are,” Cas says, and there’s something about his demeanor that is almost
They kiss until Dean’s legs start to go numb. Then they stand, Dean cursing as he tries to get his clothes in order while also dancing on tingling feet. Once he’s moderately decent, he steps into Cas’s bubble again, as close as Cas has ever stood to him in the past.
It occurs to Sam, as he watches Dean span the distance between the door and the table, that his brother is entirely too functional given how much liquor he’s consumed. It’s a troubling puzzle, but finding the answer isn’t nearly as interesting as watching Dean yank Cas to his feet. Well, he tries to, anyway. The angel doesn’t budge, and Dean stumbles forward, thrown off balance by the unexpected weight. He lands on his ass under the table, cursing a blue streak. Perhaps he isn’t so functional after all.
Rather than stick around to see the fallout from his unexpected saltiness, he navigates around them and unlocks his door. He kicks his shoes off in the entry, slings his bag on the loveseat, then heads for the bedroom, intent on removing the fifteen layers of flour and dried tomato sauce that inevitably get caked into his clothes when he works.
Somehow, Dean manages to drive back to the apartment and get Cas set up in the bathroom with fresh towels and clean clothes without spontaneously combusting from the sheer quantity of physical contact after so long in isolation.
“That doesn’t mean she stops being your Zanna. I mean...it’s not like I had any space to mock you for it,” Sam says softly. He doesn’t have to clarify for Dean to know he’s thinking about his fight with Sully.
He has no idea where he is, or even what time it is. He can’t move, no one’s going to hear him if he screams, and worst of all, Dean probably thinks he changed his mind and ran away.
When they get back from their first classes in senior fall term, Cas is unusually volatile. Dean puts up with it for a few hours because everyone has a shitty day occasionally, but then Dean spills milk, of all the stereotypical things to get upset over, and Cas loses his fucking shit.
“A whole new world,” he muses. He tries to quell the excitement pooling inside him. For all he knows, there’s a band of demons over the next ridge, or the forest will rise up and eat them at night, or they’ll die of starvation before they find civilization. He doesn’t know what the world holds or what lurks in its depths, but he already wants to see it all, maybe even wants to stay. Except— “Can’t wait to tell Sammy about this.”
Whoever booted their ass to Who-the-fuck-knows land took good care of them, it turns out. In addition to the clothes, they both have long, wicked-looking knives and soft leathery bags filled with water at their hip, and there are two thick packs propped against the tree opposite where Cas had been.
, Dean thinks affectionately, and then he’s slipping, sliding, tripping backward, and inky tendrils pull him into the void.
Cleanup involves a quick trip to grab the throw blanket from the living room and a towel from the bathroom, and then Dean is once again resting with his face against Cas’s chest, only this time they’re both naked and sweaty and sated, sleep dragging them both relentlessly down.
. The bags themselves are much heavier than Dean is used to carrying these days. Cas makes no complaint, so Dean feels compelled to do the same.
Dean just leans back in his chair, and something about him reminds Cas of the Dean from ten years before, the one who took him to a strip club on the eve of the supposed Apocalypse because no one deserved to die a virgin. “Get a sound machine, Sammy,” Dean says in a wicked tone. “You’re gonna need it before Cas is done with me.”
Dean stumbles while standing still and his heart threatens to stop entirely. “What—why? What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
“If so, I hope it’s a new one. I’d hate to think it was Chuck you were yelling about last night,” Sam observes from the door. The smirk on his face as he heads for the food says he knows he’s baiting Dean and can’t wait for the fall out.
They find Sam in the library with Eileen. Sam has his arm around Eileen’s shoulders, his hand rubbing her upper arm in a way that is probably as comforting to him as it is to her.
nearly knocks Castiel on his ass. It twists and burrows through the human’s soul, staining righteous light with shadows of shame and fear and loss and something else that Castiel shies away from before he can get too close. The mess expands more rapidly with every passing moment and he can do nothing about it
The trip north is both interminable and shockingly short. Now that Dean is following the weird soulmate thing instead of fighting it, every step comes easier and seems to carry him further. It probably helps that he gets to walk on a real road for the first part of the trip for the first time in god knows how long. His legs certainly welcome the break from fighting through grass and weeds and tripping over rocks.
It drifts to the surface when Cas puts his hand on the small of Dean’s back like it freaking belongs there in public, but avoids touching him at all when they’re alone.
Cas and Dean decide to get married during winter break. It’s an easy decision; the sooner it happens, the longer Cas has to prove he’s a permanent fixture in Dean’s life. The short notice also provides natural limitations to the party Charlie has gleefully taken over planning, and gives Cas a convenient excuse not to invite his family. Dean doubts any would have attended anyway, given Cas’s supposed choice in partners.
They talk a bit more, but then Dean takes a deep breath, knowing there’s one more thing he has to get off his chest. “Look, Sam, there’s something you should know about Cas and me.”
That question will have to be answered later. In the meantime, Dean stacks the dishes a little neater, clears the floor in the living room, puts the dirty clothes where they belong, and even remembers he washed his spare sheets and changes those out. There’s not much to be done about the rest of the place (stacked milk crates and plastic tubs can only organize so much stuff, really), but at least it looks a
Once Dean is moderately confident Cas isn’t going to sneak out the second his back is turned, he grabs the throw blanket off the floor and puts it on the coffee table within easy grabbing reach. Then he tiptoes back to his uncomfortably cold, empty bed.
He grabs Cas’s jaw, forcing him to look at Dean with strength he did not want to use. “This is like that, Cas. What you’re feeling isn’t real. You’ll- you’ll come down in a few hours and—”
“Eyes like the sky,” Cas repeats, a few streets later. “That’s almost romantic, you know. Especially in Spanish.” He starts giggling like it’s the most hilarious thing in the world, and somehow
“I’d rather not-” Dean starts. Then he pauses, eyes drifting to where Cas is standing with one hip against the bar. He can’t exactly keep this a secret if he wants Cas to have an ice cube’s chance in hell of staying. He’s gone this far, he might as well take the leap.
“What the hell, man. That ain’t funny.” Sam has pulled some shitty pranks in his day, but this one doesn’t even deserve the time of day, let alone a laugh.
Castiel doesn't hesitate. He stalks over to Dean, grabbing the second chair on the way. He puts it in front of the hunter and sits, hands on his thighs. Then he waits.
Dean crawls in first, giving a self-conscious shrug as he settles into his pillow with his face to the wall. He feels Cas slide under the blankets a moment later, and then the desk lamp clicks out.
Why the fuck would Cas choose to do that on his own, though? Why would he leave Dean alone and defenseless in a strange world?
“I have something for you,” Dean announces as he shrugs off his jacket. He drops a large yellow envelope on Cas’s keyboard and stuffs his hands in his pockets while he waits for his friend to pick it up.
Billie’s book hadn’t given Dean a script, but he doesn’t need one for this part. He says the things he has to say, lets Sammy say the things he needs to say. It’s hard to leave Sam this way, to know his baby brother will shoulder the burden of loss alone now, but as the cold creeps into his core, he lets himself think that maybe it’s okay, actually. It’s okay for someone else to carry the weight he’s held for so long. He can let go, because Sam's big enough to take it now. He'll be okay.
Cas nips his shoulder in sharp protest, but he pushes himself up to look Dean in the face immediately after. He’s positively
And okay. Okay, Dean can get that. He’d gone out last night because he needed to forget that Lucifer is wearing his brother to the prom, after all. Also to forget there’s a nasty-ass hell virus out there that’s gonna take out the entire damn planet if Dean doesn’t come up with a plan sometime soon, that most of Dean’s friends are already dead, and that Dean himself hasn’t slept more than an hour or two at once since the day he told Sam to take a walk.
at building a river of sound; with ecstasy in his veins, that guidance is all Dean needs to lose himself completely.
Castiel nods, muted by grief for the hurt boy Dean had been, and anger at the terrible toll John’s mistakes have taken on him.  “Did John’s indiscrete commentary have anything to do with why that dream was a...nightmare?” He asks.
fixed, or if this is the only heaven the angels could think of that might keep him contained. He wonders, as he tinkers with Baby or plays pool with Jo and Ash, or drinks a beer with Bobby, if he should be trying harder to get out.
If he’s honest with himself he’s known how Cas feels since Purgatory, perhaps even since Cas turned his back on heaven’s plans and blasted Zachariah away in that damned angelic waiting room. He knows and he has known, and the entire concept terrifies him because what is he supposed to do with it?
Muller turns toward Sam, neatly flipping that monster of a knife over the back of her hand to offer it hilt first. Dean can remember when she taught him that trick and he thought it was the coolest thing ever...when
—There’s a woman sitting cross-legged on Dean’s bed, a magazine spread across her knees. She’s wearing a midriff-baring black tank top under an oddly familiar green jacket, low-slung cargo pants, and what appear to be some kind of military boots. There’s a wicked-looking knife and an open energy drink on the bed next to her.
The place is a mess, for starters. Dean’s tired all the time now, it feels like, and since the only person who’s visited him since January is his kid brother (who never comes inside anyways), he hasn’t seen much need to keep the place spick and span. There are dishes in the sink and a used pot on the stove, and there’s random crap stacked on every available surface he can see, including the floor. There’s even a pair of boxers hanging off the back of a chair that have been there at least a week.
There’s an edge of uncertainty, too, sliding around and through the heat and threatening to put it out. Dean puts an end to that shit by wrapping his arms up behind Cas’s shoulders and yanking him closer by his hair. Dean smashes their faces together without hesitation, lips slick, teeth biting and dragging, and breath coming sharp and quick.
. They’re on the couch in a room that smells like pie, and Sam’s wearing the same faded peace sign shirt he’d been wearing all night.
Cas looks up from his sandwich, cheeks bulging, and Dean loses track of his thoughts for a second. He collects himself and moves on with surprising ease given the circumstances.
By the time Dean’s drained his second beer he’s making cracks about their childhood, his manner easy and confident with no trace of the terrifying anger that has haunted him for the last few years. It’s a good look on him; Sam nurses his own drink and lets himself enjoy the moment for what it is.
“Not so much, Sammy-boy,” Muller says. “Anyway, you wanna get on with this before Derek realizes I’m gone? He was gonna ask his crush on a date today and there’s only so much I can hide from his parents if I’m not there after the poor kid gets rejected.”
Dean maneuvers himself into the bench across from Cas, moving carefully like his body might shatter if touched incorrectly. He holds his hands palms-up across the table and Cas takes them in his own without a second of hesitation. His touch is just as warm and comforting as always, his eyes just as kind, his face just as fucking unfairly gorgeous.
More importantly, the apartment is a shoebox at best. The kitchen is barely big enough for one person to stand in, while the “dining area” boasts a rickety two-chair breakfast set in its tiny square of linoleum glory. The living room isn’t much better, crammed to bursting with an overflowing media hutch, a second-hand coffee table, a mustard-colored loveseat he got off Craigslist approximately ten thousand years ago, and a wall of slightly off-kilter bookshelves.
“Well,” Violet wrings her fingers together, her eyes darting from face to face as if she still didn’t think they’d take her seriously, hunters or not. “They probably didn’t believe her because what she described was as  you said: not something I would share with the police.”
“Then I’ll teach you to use a shotgun, for fuck’s sake, or you can exorcise the demons and I can fight the crotes. Just
They both have to work early the next day (“Fuck clopens,” Cas intones solemnly as they brush their teeth, and Dean fist bumps him in silent solidarity), so they head to bed as soon as they’re done eating.
Their faces are an inch apart, hovering in that liminal space between action and inaction, when he finally gets his shit together enough to say something.
Sam shudders and slumps forward. “Tired,” he mutters into Dean’s shoulder. “Just gonna sleep a little bit, k? Just a little-”
the Jackson Citizen Patriot’s website announces. Sam’s chest constricts and he sets his toast down as he leans closer to the screen.
It roars with new strength when Cas spends half of Thanksgiving snuggled against him and feeding him pie...then retreats to his study after everyone leaves and refuses to come out for the rest of the night.
“I hate this,” Dean echoes when they reach his bedroom. He has his phone out, staring at the live election map like he thinks it will jump out and attack him. “How can so many people vote for that...that…” he struggles for the right word, and eventually gives up with a disgruntled curse.
The packs are jammed to the brim with supplies, some obvious in purpose, some not so much. There are even some strange coins tucked away in a corner that Dean is certain are actual gold and silver. They bicker a little about the wisdom of eating the travel biscuits they find—but quickly conclude they’re probably safer than eating random plants and hoping for the best.
Lights are still burning in the inn when they arrive, much to Dean’s unspoken relief. Miriam welcomes them into the crowded front room with twinkling eyes. She proceeds to stuff them with some kind of steak, roasted vegetables, bread, and beer while fending off curious questions from her other guests. Then she shows them to a room with the most oversized overstuffed feather bed Dean’s ever seen. They’re finally alone and warm and comfortable.
“Welcome to the Spring Bull,” she says. “What can I do for ya?” Despite the odd clothing and even weirder circumstance, she reminds him painfully of Ellen.
Cas is so surprised his arms give out and he topples forward, smashing Dean into the mattress with his weight.
Anything else he was about to babble is cut off when Cas grabs him by the shoulder and physically hauls him, stumbling and swearing, down the hall. He’s vaguely aware of the crowd parting in front of them like the Red Sea, but then they’re at the door and they’re crowding close to one another because neither is willing to step away to let the other through easily.
“Fuck no. I never told him I’d be here in the first place, but it’s not like I’d go anywhere else, you know?” That admission definitely shouldn’t feel as good as it does. Dean knows this, but he can’t stop the warmth in his gut from spreading.
The ache slams back with a vengeance, all the hurt and pain and grief that Heaven had erased suddenly raising its ugly head to consume him. Dean lets himself slide further down until he’s curled on his side on the ground, his arms wrapped around himself in a futile attempt to protect himself.
Dean thinks about blowing her off, but he’s so damn happy he can’t quite hold it in now he’s given an opportunity to share. “We talked about a few things,” he says finally. “We were good before, but now we’re better.”
Cas looks away. “The fey wish to heal me,” he says, his voice all gravel and smoke, “the Empty did not. It is peaceful here, much like I remember heaven being before the collapse.” He meets Dean’s eyes. “I don’t want to leave, Dean. Not if it means going back to how things were.”
,” Dean says after a while. He tucks his phone into his pocket and collapses next to Cas, staring up at the ceiling with his hands over his head. “I’ve been a Knight of Hell. I’ve been to places and defeated entities these evil sons of bitches don’t really believe exist. All this time I’ve thought supernatural creatures were the problem, but the real monsters were here all along, weren’t they? How is it that I can kill Death, but I can’t stop a demented Troll doll from taking America straight back to Hell?”
“Go to hell, Samuel.” Dean self-consciously adjusts his collar as he speaks, but there’s no real heat in the statement.
Sam remembers profound bonds and suicide runs. He remembers Cas coming back to Dean again and again no matter the cost, no matter the reason. He remembers that Cas fought through all of hell for one man, gave up an army for one man, broke angelic conditioning for one man, came back from the
“You are Dean Winchester,” the one in front says. Its voice sounds like a thousand whispers layered into one; it’s soft, yet absolutely clear.
Dean grabs at Cas, yanking him forward so fast that he stumbles, even on his knees, and lands against Dean’s chest with a surprised exclamation. Dean just ducks his head down, his lips exploring skin until he finds Cas’s mouth and can kiss him again. He tastes like sex, bitter and salty, but Dean doesn’t care.
“Yeah, whatever. Leave the Hallmark moment at the door, would you?” Dean kicks at his feet beneath the table and the tension breaks in the resulting scuffle. Sam lets Dean lead the ensuing conversation, not wanting to push him too hard when he’s obviously uncomfortable. It’s a little frustrating, although no real surprise, that they mostly talk about hunting and lore.
Charlie and Cas run to the store (“You aren’t invited, Dean. Sometimes a best lady and a groom have to have a private conversation”) leaving Dean alone with Meg. They talk about flowers and ribbons for a while, but the dark-haired woman seems distracted. Eventually she reaches across the table to take one of his hands in both of hers.
“We gotta—” he starts to say, but Cas is looking past his shoulder with an amused, if baffled, expression, so Dean twists to see what’s going on.
He notices, in a vague sort of way, that Sammy talks a lot about talking about feelings, but isn’t great at simply letting the damn things exist in their natural state. Everything is to be processed and pushed out. Time moves on relentlessly, and so too does Sam’s mind.
He’s floating in a field of lines and dots, a swirl of color and light that grabs him by the balls and drags the breath out of him. He folds his lip between his teeth, sucking on it mindlessly as he stares up at the display of beauty. Moving is suddenly too much to stomach, so he stops short and simply stares, drinking it in.
Cas shoves himself backward, his hands ripping free from Dean’s clothing as if he hadn’t realized he needed to let go to be free. “
“He looked like Lisa to me,” Castiel comments at the end. It’s inane and pointless, a desperate cover for the supernova happening in his chest at the thought that
“Shut your freaking cakehole, Samuel,” Dean replies, and though he tries for big brother authority, he can’t keep the tremor from his voice. The silence afterward stretches so long Dean begins to wonder if he’s made a terrible mistake, however accidentally.
Beyond that there’s a bathroom (currently occupied by a very naked Castiel) and a bedroom completely consumed by Dean’s drawing table and the queen-sized memory foam bed that are the only luxuries he has ever permitted himself.
After contemplating the problem in silence for another few minutes, Sam settles one shoulder against the end of a bookcase, crosses his arms, and says what needs to be said. “What the hell happened between you and Dean?”
Cas’s head rolls back and forth between Dean’s hands and Dean feels him begin to hum, a stupid, gummy smile the likes of which Dean has never seen before spreading across his face. They’re drifting closer, ever closer, and Dean’s in no state to stop it.
goes off inside him, that feeling from before of emotions that are not his own, but this one indescribable. The pressure inside is the only warning he has before two big, square palms are framing his jaw and Cas’s face is right up in his own. “As a brother?” Cas asks, searching his eyes.
,” Dean whines, suddenly agonizingly aware that his cock is so hard it fucking hurts, and every nerve in his body is vibrating like a plucked bowstring.
Cas doesn’t have time to continue before a thin beam of light drops out of the rack to hover, twisting in a way that reads ‘confused’ above the counter.
Dean rolls Cas on his back and settles between his knees, looking down at him with a crooked smile. “Hold tight, sweetheart,” he says. Then he folds downward, his mouth taking Cas’s length in one smooth movement. He
Cas settles into the deep vee formed by the roots surrounding them and rolls into his cloak with a deep sigh. Dean watches him for a few minutes, but then he turns to stare at the wide pool formed by the falling water.
With the knowledge comes a peculiar sort of peace. He’d spent so much time railing against fate the last few years, begging for the chance to write his own story, that he’d sort of forgotten how to live without that desperation. Now at the end, when he knows he’s still being written into some eternal tapestry despite all his fighting, he finds that knowing what’s going to happen makes it easier to experience.
“Hey, knock it off!” Muller’s up in Dean’s face in an instant, the familiar scent of coconut oil filling the air as she glares at him. “You might be a big bad ass hunter now, but that doesn’t mean it’s okay to be cruel to your brother. What’s going on up here?” She taps his temple and Dean flinches away.
Dean can hear the truth in Cas’s voice, can feel it in his touch. It’s there, irrevocable, unignorable, but he can’t accept it.
“That’s not pos—” Dean cuts off as he focuses on Cas’s fingers and the rough, brownish-white fabric encasing his arm. There’s no trench coat in sight, nor suit, tie, or pristinely polished shoes. Cas is wearing a loose shirt of some rough fabric, contained by a gray quilted tunic that hangs nearly to his knees, a leather belt, loose wool pants wrapped about the ankles by lengths of what looks like soft leather, well-worn boots, and a greenish-brown cloak fit more for a Moondor adventure than everyday living. It’s even held in place by a palm-sized, rough-wrought metal cloak pin at his throat.
It’s full dark out by the time Dean gathers his courage enough to speak, and even then it’s just to grunt a half-formed curse and scrub at his face. Then he’s silent again, though only for a minute or two. “This is stupid,” he mutters.
The air smells like sanitizer and baby powder, the angle is weird, and Deans's head feels like there are pop rocks going off inside his skull, but this kiss is the best yet.
Castiel watches in silence, unable to tear his eyes away. Dean’s so open, smiling down at the little girl the way he’d smiled at Ben Braeden once upon a time. Like he’d smiled at Lisa in the dream.
“You stupid son of a bitch,” Dean says, letting go of Cas’s coat to reach up, run his thumb over Cas’s cheek, and cradle his face against his palm, “I love you, too.”
“It seemed appropriate, cолнышко,” Cas observes as he answers the call, and Dean flushes in response to the unexpected endearment.
“Not...quite like that. It’s more like they respond to a certain type of grief. The fey aren’t the smartest, you see. They’re like- like moths to a flame, I suppose. They hone in on soulmates desperate for love, but don’t necessarily grasp the finer details of why.”
It isn’t until he sees light glimmering from somewhere inside that he realizes it’s actually the cave he’s been looking for.
—” if Cas keeps that up he’s going to lose it. He can already feel himself tensing up, pressure building too fast.
“I’m not going to take a hike, Cas,” he says, in the same voice he uses to calm terrified victims of supernatural activity. Ironic that he uses it now to soothe an angel. “I’m your friend, and Dean is my brother. I need to know you’re both okay.”
“Dude, what’s the hold up?” Sam asks with the kind of false-cheer that he only uses when he’s been arguing with Dean. The big hunter pushes past without further preamble, then stops short, shoulders drawing up as he takes in the intruder.
He hems and haws at the mediocre contents of his refrigerator before slapping together a couple of PB&Js, cutting up some peaches he’d forgotten he bought, and dividing up the last of his potato chips. He’s setting plates on the table when Cas emerges from the bedroom wearing Dean’s clothes, scrubbing his hair dry with Dean’s towel, and smelling overwhelmingly of Dean’s shampoo.
“Anya,” Sam asks, ducking down slightly so he’s leaning his forearms on the table, “can you tell us what you saw in the storage barn at your house when you were looking for your friend Xavier the other day?”
Eventually, the road curves to the east while the invisible tether tugs him further north. The sun is getting low in the sky and Dean pauses, chewing on his lip as he considers his options. The safer option right now is to make camp and find Cas tomorrow. He feels much closer now somehow, so Dean’s pretty sure he won’t have to actually scale the mountains ahead, but he hadn’t thought to ask the innkeeper about non-fey dangers lurking in the foothills.
“Right,” Dean says, nodding very seriously. He bends down, smiling at the little girl next to him. “Don’t worry, Anya. We believe you about your sack man.”
Charlie cocks her head to the side, an odd expression on her face.“Air hugs, Winchester. I think you’re gonna need them when you realize what you’re floating in ain’t just a river.” With that puzzling statement, she spreads her arms wide and pretends to give him a hug, then heads inside.
“Forget what?” Charlie asks a little too brightly as she drops her bag on the table. Cas gives the red head an uncomfortable look and Dean wonders if the women orchestrated the entire evening in order to have the same conversation at the same time. It seems like something they would do.
“It’s a good thing you don’t get to make that decision for me,” Cas replies with a low chuckle. “Do you want to know what I think you deserve, Dean?” Cas doesn’t wait for an answer, simply ducks his head down to press a kiss against Dean’s temple.
“Dude,” Dean says, burying his face in Cas’s chest to muffle his laughter. “I think the fey have the zoomies.”
