"No fucking way." Dean spat out. He grabbed his coat and got out of his car, slamming his door shut. The Impala shook for a moment, it's impact sending Sam and Eileen into another frenzy of laughter. Rolling his eyes, Dean opened the backseat door, making them shiver from the cold air rushing in. "Come on. Out. Before you puke in my Baby and tainting it forever with your bodily fluids."
When the letter came, Dean couldn't believe his eyes. The words were clear as a day, and yet he refused to trust them. His mind must be playing tricks because this...this was impossible. He sprang up from the couch and ran, eager to find someone who could confirm that those words were real.
Dean didn't care. He just wanted to see Cas happy, live his own life and just let it loose once in a while.
When he decided to talk to Ellen about it, he was sure she was gonna refuse. He had made the offer two days ago, while helping Bobby settle down at their home. She was going through the bills and Dean had popped it up on her, unexpectedly to both of them. In a second, her eyes had slowed down from their usual pacing and there was only relief on her face. She asked him if he truly wanted to do this, and Dean said he was ready. Even though he hadn't planned to be.
When Dean entered the hospital room for one last time, Bobby was slumped on a wheelchair, his eyes looking unfocused. Ellen was standing behind him, one hand on the wheelchair, the other on her hip, laughing at something Rufus Turner had just said.
Most of the afternoon went smoothly. By evening, more people started coming in. Dean was glad to see people in their 20s or 30s entering the bar. He was getting tired of Metatron spewing homophobic and racist shit with his redneck pals. There had been a bit of a scuffle when the middle aged man tried to sell free refills to his friends. Dean had refused.
"Mick?" Cas asked, looking back and forth between Dean and the nurse. "I forgot he was supposed to- Is he outside right now? Can you  send him in, please."
He sat down on the bed, staring at the TV before him. He could feel tears welling up in his eyes, all satisfaction gone. He missed Dean already. Maybe he should go back to him, wash his tiredness away. Dean deserved that. He deserved better than Cas.
"Cas is not joining us?" Dean asked on noticing Cas' absence amongst his siblings, maybe a little too hopefully.
Dean looked at him square in the eyes. "It's none of your business what I do." He moved past Cas, shoving him slightly with his shoulder. Before he could take a step further, Cas grabbed his wrist to bring him back to where he was standing.
An hour later, Dean and John were on his mother's bedside. She was sleeping peacefully. His Dad was holding her hand, crying his eyes out. Dean didn't know what was happening. He had seem his Mom sleep before, but this was different. She wasn't moving. She wasn't breathing. His brother was lying in a crib on the other side of the room, sleeping softly.
It wasn't exactly a secret that Dean and Meg didn't get along. They had a mutual resentment for each other, the reason for which neither of them could pinpoint.
"Doesn't hurt to not leave him alone in this godforsaken place, does it?" Dean said, not looking up from his phone. He wasn't ready to face Cas. Not yet. Not today of all days. Why was Cas even talking to him? Wasn't he supposed to be angry at him or something? If he had any self respect, he should hate Dean. "No offense." Dean added.
For a moment, the green eyes remained frozen into the blue. Neither of them moved. They were so close that Dean could see the small droplets of his own spit on Cas' face. Cas made no attempt to wipe them.
It's gone. Now you have been lucky enough to get a scholarship, heaven knows how you managed that, cause my bank is almost empty funding Jo's school. I don't know how much you have planned out for your future and honestly I don't care-" Dean looked at him. "-because you are smart Dean. You can figure it out."
He quietly made his way towards the baby. It was small and fat, whole body wrapped in a white sheet. His whole face was red because of the tears falling on his cheeks. Dean carefully picked him up in his arms and started patting it's back. He rocked him from side to side, whispering "
"Ol' Bobby and El need to sit out their lives in peace." Rufus Turner said one afternoon when he was at Dean's shop.
Dean was sitting in the Roadhouse after a long day of work at Bobby's company. It had been his first day there. Lifting all the heavy stones and snorting a bunch of cement had left him almost dead. His Dad would be proud. At least he was doing a
After that, there was no going back. His mind kept flashing to Cas. No more Scarlett or Angelina.  The last thing he thought about was him tangling with Cas on the school grounds today to fight with him, before he felt extreme pleasure go through his body.
"I was hoping to talk to Dad first before accepting." Dean said in the smallest voice possible. He was ashamed to admit it. There was no need to, he was turning 18 next month. He should be free to do whatever he want. And yet, he wanted his Dad to say
Cas laughed. Dean noticed the corner of his eyes crinkle. For Dean. Just for Dean. "No, a good question. Not one of your stupid ones."
Sammy didn't smile back. Or maybe didn't notice his Dad smiling at him, because he never once bothered to lift his head. He made his way straight inside, not saying a word to either of them. Dean knew Sam hated him then.
Two nurses came running in immediately. Dean knew them, even flirted with one of them from time to time. He again yelled at someone to tell him what's going on, but no one payed attention to him. He rushed outside, phone in hand. Ellen had made him promise to call her should even a slight change happen- good or bad.
"Childhood crush? Why are you so shocked? I always had a thing for you, only you were too busy being whipped over Novak to notice, until I kissed you, that is-"
Dean forced a smile, determinedly not looking at Cas now. He was the one making him the most mad. Why did he have to come here with his shitty ass friends on
Dean slightly lowered the gun, distrust fading away from his gut. "And, uh, did the friend return my feelings?"
"I don't know." Castiel said, taking a bite out of Dean's salad. His voice didn't have the same energy like a few seconds ago. "If she did, why would she leave?"
When they were kids and Sammy accidentally broke a plate or cracked the TV, Dean would take the blame when Dad came home. He would send Sammy to his room and when John asked who did it, Dean would admit it was his fault. When Sammy would ask him later why Dad was angry again, Dean would smile reassuringly and say it was nothing. He never let Sammy know that he took the blame for his mistakes. Dean gave his brother the same smile. "Its not on you, alright? It's on me."
"You sure you going to be okay baby?" Lisa asked him with her hand wrapped around his arm. The graveyard was almost empty by then.
as innocent as he looked. He started thinking about various methods to kill himself to save him from this embarassment, when Cas finally spoke up.
Dean knew he was being a terrible friend again. Years ago, he hadn't picked up Cas' calls for the sole reason that he couldn't bear the pain of wanting something he never will have. It took Cas a long time to forgive Dean for that. But on the other hand, being friends with each other was probably not a good idea either. After what had happened at the garage, Dean was apprehensive about seeing Cas again. Hell he couldn't even hug him without feeling extreme longing in his heart.
"I'm gonna buy a new t-shirt for Sammy first." Dean looked away to free himself from the piercing gaze.
Seeing Cas going in the water, killing himself in front of Dean's eyes, pierced something inside of Dean's heart. He bent down and picked up the floating trenchcoat.
"Okay." Sam said. Sam fell asleep a few minutes later. As tired as Dean was, every time he closed his eyes, all he could see was the hatred in his father's eyes. He stared at the ceiling the whole night.
, Dean reminded himself. He wasn't made for office or field. This was the best it would ever get for people like Dean. He had accepted that a long time ago.
"Dean!" Cas called out, immediately rushing over to his distressed love. Dean was silently crying. Cas has never seen him this broken before.
It was a quiet afternoon. Cas said he was supposed to pick up groceries for his home so Dean was helping his little brother draw the perfect solar system. Their Dad was out, probably working in his garage, hopefully not drinking.
He must have dozed off because when he opened his eyes, Cas was standing in front of him, his hands in his lab coat, his hand frozen midair reaching out for his shoulder right before Dean woke up. Dean was glad he did because he didn't know how he would react to Cas' touch.
Dean scrolled through his phone as Cas continued giving instructions to the nurse about Bobby's medicines and dosages. He felt stupid sitting there, not understanding a word they were saying. Dean had always known Cas was smart, he expected himself to be on the same level. Different spectrums, but same wavelengths.
"My whole life, I thought you hated me for what I did." Dean's mouth wasn't working anymore as he struggled to pierce together his words. "But it was.. I never did
Dean wrapped an arm around his shoulder and pulled her into a side hug. He had always wanted a sister.
Dean ignored that. He knew there was no use mentioning that Sammy was the one who had woken him up this morning, not the other way around. John doesn't care.
His head filled with the worst possible scenarios of John taking it out on Sam, Dean could feel his fists closing again. "Dad
Dean knew it would be hard to see Benny Lafitte go. They'd only been together (mostly fucking and drinking) for a week. He had been like a constant companion to him. Dean hated how quickly he got attached to the rugged guy for the second time in his life.
If their was one thing Dean liked about Benny, it was his somberness. With Cas and Sammy, there was never a moment of peace. They were always talking and talking and talking about all kinds of shit. But Benny, he was always so calm and reserved.
am. No free beers."  He had no idea what he was doing. All the guys were taller and bigger than him. If they wanted, they could easily beat him into a pulp and take all the free beer they wanted. But all their racist and homophobic talks had annoyed him and he didn't want to take any more of their shit.
Benny gave Dean one last, apologizing look before getting up reluctantly. John and Benny stared at each other as the boy walked past him. They heard the front door open and shut.
Both Dean and Mr. Turner looked at Cas for answer but his mouth was hung open in the air, staring outwardly at his teacher. "Buying groceries." Dean said quickly, after he realized it was up to him to save themselves.
? With your fancy job and your pretty little girlfriend and big ass house while your old brother is stuck at this dingy town working a low grade job?"
After the dishes were complete, Dean took his coat, a soda and went to sit outside on the porch. His house suddenly felt overwhelming. Even his own room had felt suffocating. The air was bone chilling cold outside, but Dean welcomed it. It stopped the constant hounding from his brain, telling him to go get a drink. Bars was only meant for him as long as he stayed behind the counter.
"I like him Cas. What's not there to like? Is he a doctor like you? That makes him even better. Plus all that British charm on top of it." Dean was trying very hard to not sarcastic.
Dean was tired. All he wanted to do was to go home and sleep. He knew he didn't owe Cas one fucking thing. He was a grown man, he could handle himself. Dean should call an Uber and leave. With a sigh, he sat down on the sidewalk, beside Cas. A memory flashed inside his head, from eons ago, where they both were sat the same way and Dean was trying to console Cas after their failed attempt at buying porn magazines. He wished they could go back. Bury their problems with a laugh. Hold hands and forget everyone else.
"In all my life, I have never been able to hold a proper relationship. I try but you get in my head everytime and then, no one compares to you. And you- you had a perfect boyfriend, who was about to be a perfect husband. And then you gave it up, all for a fleeting hope of me. We aren't healthy Cas. We have sunk so far that we are never happy with anyone else."
Also I should clarify that I am not American or have English as my first language, so I am not sure if I'm getting the culture absolutely right, but I have tried my best <3
"Uptight as ever, I see." Dean grinned, pulling him into a hug. He hated the fact that he was taller than him, but Sam always bent down whenever they hugged. Made Dean feel big again.
The first time it had happened, the angel had rushed himself over to the hunter, to see what's wrong.
"Bitch." Dean said in a beat. It had been their thing ever since Sam had turned into a teenager and had started calling Dean
Silence fell upon them as the sky above seemed to part. A thin ray of sun was peeking through the clouds, giving the wet grass a yellowing tint. Dean saw the black of his car glistening with the feeble light. He looked at his younger brother and a low rumble emerged from deep inside his throat. Dimples engraved themselves in Sam's cheeks as they laughed together, unable to stop. Soon their eyes were closed, partially from mirth and partially from the bright sun shining upon them.
Dean tilted his head so that the only thing his eyes could see was Cas' face staring up at him. Dean had never really noted how his nose stood a few inches above Cas' and everytime he has to look at the beautiful face, his eyes lower just a centimetre. Cas was an inch shorter than him and that fact had filled Dean with a sudden gushing.
He didn't know how he managed to stumble back home on the subway. He didn't bother to check if his Dad or Sam were there. The house was dead silent anyways.
When Dean entered, some people were slouched on the table, apparently passing out from drinking. Some others were playing pool in the corner. There was something about this place. Something
The cemetery was empty. It was too early for people to come and mourn. Dean used to think that grief doesn't require a time or place, but the amount of years he had spent here had made him realize that there indeed was. The cemetery was most crowded at the night and on Sundays. Surprisingly, it was the most empty on Saturdays. Work the whole week, party on Saturday and mourn on Sunday. Dean liked the concept.
. But Cas was not. He had Bobby's throat tube in his one hand, while he rubbed his chest with the other.
Dean was dying, he could feel it. Too much blood had flown out of him. Everything hurt. He wondered how long it will be. He had asked Sammy to just shoot him and end it, but the little bastard had refused. Dean could've done it himself, but his gun was in his sock and he couldn't move an inch, let alone bend over. Sammy had rushed out to find an ambulance for Dean.
Dean kept tossing and turning around the whole night. He had refused to eat dinner that night. He heated up some old macaroni for Sammy to eat. John Winchester was passed out the whole time. Dean couldn't have been happier to see his Dad like that. Although his happiness was punctured with a dread because morning was coming soon and his Dad would be awake and will be asking him about their money maker.
It took Dean quite some time to realize it. Whenever Cas used to stand too close to him, not understanding
Dean shifted himself towards the angel, leaving only inches between them. "Cas, I am not mad." He said a little more firmly.
But he knew how much Dean loved them. How his pupils dilated while talking about his heroes. How he was always so happy the whole day at the thought of watching the movies at night. Cas loved him like this.
Dean told himself that it wasn't jealousy. He just wanted to protect Cas from a girl like that. He wasn't jealous, because being jealous meant he was
"Still not over your middle school crush?" Dean said loudly. Lisa gave him a look with murder in her eyes which Dean ignored. He was glad he said it because Meg eyes were now focused on Dean. They sometimes reminded him of slits of snakes.
, Dean! The one thing among a thousand others that we pretend never happened. But I can't play along anymore. It happened. And I want you to acknowledge that."
Dean smiled softly. "I wish you had disrespected me once in a while and read my thoughts. At least then, it wouldn't have been so frustrating for me."
into other people's business. I know you think I'm just a teen girl who likes to gossip about other people to make me feel better about my shitty ass life, but that's- that's not who I am."
"I don't remember the last time I was here." Cas said, observing his surroundings, his blue eyes wide, taking everything in.
But then he saw a blade pierce through his heart, light too strong for his eyes and then the angel was on the ground- his wings splayed out beneath him. Dean didn't know much after that-  he remembered falling to his knees, holding Cas' body in his arms, shaking and sobbing the whole night.
"Dean." Cas said, pulling the hunter out of his thoughts. "Are you okay?" His voice was tender and soft. Dean knew he wasn't playing anymore. He was genuinely asking him if he was okay.
Dean stepped closer, so that they were nose to nose. "You don't know how to appreciate what you got. You don't know what family means."
Cas looked at Dean, his eyes twinkling with a smile. "Sure I would. There has been a distance between us for many years now and I am tired of pretending to hate you."
Dean and Claire worked in silence for some time after Rufus left. It used to be so easy to talk to her, but now even that was gone.
FYI: I have nothing against Garth and other characters in spn, I just wanted to use some names for characters. We all know that the real Garth won't be an asshole like this one.
get to third base today?" Sammy said, bringing Dean back to his soda. "You look too happy, which is no offense, but unusual for you."
"Dad." Dean said gently. John's snores drowned his voice out. "Dad." He said again, getting no response. Dean hesitated at first, but after realising that his Dad was gone too deep to wake up from words alone, he crouched down on his knees and shook his shoulder. He tried to be gentle at first, afraid to poke the sleeping bear, but it didn't work. He had to shake him roughly by the shoulders while shooting "Dad!" multiple times.
Despite how hated John Winchester was, a lot of people showed up at his funeral - mostly people from his bar. Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Ellen's ex husband and Ash came together. Ellen sas still in good terms with her ex-husband.
Dean couldn't process it. He knew what Cas was saying, but his mind refused to accept it. There was no way, no way Cas was in love with him too. This celestial, powerful being, who once had the whole world at his feet, no way he was in love with someone as insignificant as Dean Winchester.
He let those words fade away right before they reached his tongue. Cas already looked disgusted at the
"Nah he's at his friend's house." As kids, Dean often took Sam alongwith him when he came to visit Cas. He couldn't exactly leave a toddler in his Dad's care, could he?
"She's gay." Dean blurted out, internally promising himself to put a tape on his mouth the next time he sees Cas.
The door blasted open. The brothers stopped in their tracks, and stood frozen when they saw who was at the door.
He put an arm around his shoulder and snuggled him in. "Listen, whatever happened today, it's between
Dean chuckled despite himself "Never rejected anyone before? Don't worry, you'll forget about it in two days."
They sat together the whole day. Sometimes Castiel's Dad forgot to pack his lunch or gave sandwiches that were really dry (
Dean's every attempt to ask Cas out had led him into rejection in a subtle but equally disappointing way.  He knew he should stop, but he kept telling himself, just one more try.
"That's okay." Dean said softly. He was gonna do everything in his power to not turn into John Winchester.
It was going to be a hard journey for Dean, he knew that. He was still long way from accepting who he was..
Some stupid, hopelessly romantic part of Dean's heart had hoped that maybe Cas would come see him at the airport. Hug him and say a final goodbyes. Or maybe beg him to stay. But, this wasn't a movie, was it? Dean had told Chuck when he was leaving, so he was pretty sure that Cas knew. And he wasn't here. Well, fuck him then.
Chuck waved him off. "I told you this isn't about my big heart right now. My point here is that, I didn't ask you back then, I am not going to ask you now. I know it's impossible for you to permanently escape your father. I wish our justice system was better than that, but it's not. I just want you to know that I will always be there for you, no matter how my son feels about you."
When Cas pulled back, Dean was panting. His chest was heaving and he felt blood rushing to his groin. Maybe Cas wasn't so naïve after all. That pizza man had taught him well.
Dean went to his garage. He started working, his concentration wary. Every thing he tried to do, he kept ruining it, until he gave up. It was no use. The garage was a dump of a place. Tackling it was of no use. He sat down with his head against the wall and his mind started talking again. He found out that he
"What's that got to do with anything?" Dean remembered the way Sam's nostrils flared the same way John's did when they got angry. He could picture Sam's dimples which were in the exact spot as their Dad. Dean doubted Sammy even knew about John's dimple. He had stopped smiling after Sam was born.
"The visiting hours are over but she said she would like to sit outside for a while, at least she can look at him through the window."
. No matter with whom he was, no matter how beautiful she was, some way or the other, his best friend always managed to pop up in his head. And those were the times Dean often peaked.
"I said you're right. Your money sometimes bugged me but not because I hated being with a woman richer than me. It's just I have always felt like I don't- like I don't deserve you, y'know?"
Dean's didn't know that his dead heart was capable of beating this loud. For a moment, he felt like he couldn't move or even breathe. The eyes, the voice, the presence. Thankfully, Cas took a step back giving Dean
"When have you ever asked me out Dean? I remember all our interactions very clearly and I don't ever remember you asking me something like that."
"Look, Dean, I- I wanna apologize for whatever I said yesterday. Like I know I used a few words wrong here and there. I swear I'm trying. It's hard, thinking about Bobby of all people lying in that hospital."
Maybe that would help Dean ignore his mind screaming at him. "Sure." He took a long drag and his mind went completely blank. Dean didn't smoke regularly, because he didn't want his lungs to end up in a black tar, but once in a while, he craved the feeling of feeling nothing.
Gabe huffed. "I don't care about you. You're as annoying as Cas. Maybe I care about your little brother. The little fucker has come to grow on me."
To an outsider's eyes, it was a simple gesture. A boy offering his friend a sweater because he was cold. But to Dean, it was different. Cas knew how little Dean and Sam had, how little their Dad spent on them. So he was always trying to give his stuff to Dean. He never said anything directly. He would just hand over stuff to him by one eccuse or another -an extra pen, or a spare notebook or clothes that Dean said he liked. Whenever Dean tried return them, Cas always refused to accept.
"We don't feel time the same way we did on earth."  Ellen answered. "In here you just go on living, not knowing anything else."
"How? Do you have anywhere to go?" For the first time, they made eye contact. Her almond shaped brown eyes were filled with rage. There was no use arguing her or Sam.
"Dean," Jo said kindly, laying a hand on top of his. Dean had asked her to meet him at the Heller Cafe, seeing as she was his best option to talk to. "Have you considered that maybe he's angry with you because he cares about you?"
Dean had never seen his Dad so mad before. His eyes were bulging out of their sockets. A vein in his forehead was ready to pop. His fists were clenched and his entire body seemed to be shaking.
Ash ignored him. His eyes were fixed on Dean who had stepped beside Cas. "I've heard a lot from my sister about you. Cause y'know, she's in love with you or something."
Dean grabbed his face in his hands and stopped Cas from moving away further. If the angel wanted, he could have blasted the hunter a hundred feet away. But Dean made him weak. He couldn't push him away.
The line was long so he decided to hang back. He'll join them when it gets short. The announcement kept ringing above them every few minutes. Dean's phone rang again. Exasperated, he rejected it. His heart was beating so loudly that he wasn't sure he would be able to hear anyone's voice over that.
Dean was already frustrated and out of patience for this, but then again, he wasn't going to let go of a perfect opportunity for getting a handjob. "You know how I hate it whenever someone lays a hand on things that are
Speechless, Dean turned. His feet refused to plant themselves in the thick snow. He didn't know what he was doing. He couldn't take out his keys. He just wanted to walk away. He just wanted to be as far away from Cas as possible. He hoped the night to swallow him up because he didn't want to see another day.
"Don't get sappy on me, Dean. The amount of time you have spent here, even before all this.. I have seen you two more than I see Gabriel and Michael."
"Yes you did!" Sam exclaimed. He banged his hand on the table a few times, laughing. Dean laughed with him. He didn't remember the last time they had been so happy.
"What are you saying?" Lisa was losing her patience. Her fingers were clutching Dean's hand so hard he was sure they would leave bruises. She was scared. Dean could feel it. He was scared too.
Dean flinched at the word. He wasn't six anymore. He knew what words like that meant and they hurt a lot more. "It's not.. it's not like that."
Dean slowly turned around to face the boy. He took the lunchbag from his hand. "You didn't eat too. I dropped your lunch."
Most nights, Dean was passed out drinking. When he wasn't drunk, he started fixating on how to defeat Chuck. That was the only purpose left in his life. Cas didn't love him. He hadn't stayed. If he didn't think that Dean was worthy enough to fight for then Dean wasn't worthy enough for anything. So he focused on the only thing he did best-
Cas gave a small shrug as Dean put the DVD on. He came back to sit on the couch with Cas as the screen flashed blue and red.
Lisa started telling him all about her trip. Dean listened to her, trying not to be jealous of his girlfriend having a summer home. Or his girlfriend having a family to visit the said home with.
"You are the best Mom ever." He rested his head on her belly again but jerked back immediately when he felt the baby kick inside.
Dean stopped talking when he felt a heavy hand on his shoulder. He froze. He could feel Castiel's hate seeping into him. He wanted to run away as far away from his as possible. "Go home, Dean. And worry about your own problems for a change."
The footsteps came closer as John seemed to have pointed Chuck to his son's bedroom and Dean heard his door click open. He stood up.
A sharp bump against his left shoulder yanked him back from his thoughts. He heard click of high heels walking in the opposite direction, standing out against the hundreds of footsteps in the hall.
A few people paused to look at the little show going on but Meg gave them a petrifying look and they continued hurriedly on their way. Dean was just glad he wasn't on the recieving end of that look. He was too proud to admit it but Meg Masters
Dean nodded and let it slide. Maybe he should wait before saying it. Their relationship was still fragile, who knows what new drifts will the words create if he said it there and then. So he bit his lip to stop them from coming out. He had waited so long to say it, what's a few more days? He will tell Cas
After some more convincing and tears, Ellen finally agreed to go home. It was almost midnight. Jo asked Dean to leave too, but he refused. "I'd rather stay here for some more time if that's okay."
Now a high school senior, Micheal Novak thought he was too cool for his family and he only came home at night. And then he went straight to his room and was barely heard from, except when blaring loud music or playing video games with heavy shooting noises. He barely said anything to his siblings, let alone to Dean and Sam. Which was a good thing, because Dean remembered how Cas used to be his target back when they were in elementary school. He certainly didn't want
"You're right. Sorry" Dean said, and then looked down at his plate, pretending to play with his food. For some time, everyone ate silently. Dean didn't know what family wounds he had opened. He hated this. Hated Cas coming back, hated Sam coming back, hated Bobby being invalid. He was happy in his little bubble which started at the workshop and ended at the Roadhouse where he couldn't destroy anything which wasn't already ruined. And now everyone was here, poking at his wounds and Dean couldn't stop hurting back.
"No." Cas said, without looking up from his phone. He seemed twitchy, like Dean's mere presence was annoying to him. And they were back to square one. Cas' hostility proved that his touch wasn't innocent.
"I will be quiet. Promise." Cas looked at him the way the baby used to look at him- so innocently. Dean melted.
"He started shaking and then his l..left hand and leg weren't working. And he couldn't speak proprrly. I.. I c..called them right then. I swear. Didn't wait a moment even though he was resisting. He's gonna be okay right? He's in a hospital with doctors. He's gonna be okay right?"
Dean was in Cas' arms. Billie was behind them. His heart was going to give out anytime. When they had warded themselves into a room, Dean started apologizing to Cas for getting them into this situation. Cas was going to die because of him.
Lisa seemed to accept it. She shrugged and took a bite out of her friend's tray. She continued talking like nothing had happened. "We have English together at 2 and then another music after that. And also, where do you wanna go after school?"
"Shut up. It's good." Dean said, silently gulping down the rest in one go. It burned his throat but his mind was more awake now. "Why am I in my jeans?"
the one who broke it. And now he's trying to pin it on Cas. You should know this, he is always coming after Cas."
He walked towards the car, wondering if he should take a drive somewhere or go back inside the bar. He took the handle in his hands, but didn't open the door. He was tired. He has been driving this car his whole life, and even in heaven, this is what he gets. He sighed and closed his eyes. His family was waiting for him inside. The car can wait.
"And then Dad was just thrown off the goddamn horse and it was-" Lisa closed her eyes and paused to laugh loudly, her dimples covering her whole face. Dean couldn't resist. He leaned in to kiss her on her left cheek.
Dean knew she was right. He was the one who had always felt insecure for her. He was the one who was ashamed of going to her house. He never accepted it when she invited him to family vacations. She had never belittled him or made fun of his financial conditions. "You're right."
"So what? Someone has to give it a name. What will we call him when he grows up? He will hate you and your dad for not giving him a name. Do you want that, Dean, do you?"
It could be hell too. Maybe Rowena was just playing him, making him believe that this was his heaven, when in reality, it will turn out to be hell all along. That will make more sense. This was too perfect to be true. A heaven where all the walls were down? And Bobby, Jo, Ellen, Charlie, Kevin, everyone was here? He can believe all that. But Bobby (
"How will you know, Cas?" Dean took a step closer. Their noses were almost touching each other. He could feel Castiel's breath on his face. He didn't know angels could even breathe. "You never asked."
Dean thought bitterly. Life had thrown Cas back in his face without any preamble. Karma always hits hard.
"Were you two close? Forgive me if I'm being too pry. Castiel here never talks about his school or his friends there."
Dean hadn't slept a wink since yesterday. Tonight wasn't going to be any special. "It's gonna be a long night, Sammy."
Dean looked at his little brother, with no more energy left in him to fight. "Always about you Sammy, isn't it little brother?" He patted Sam's shoulder and stumbled his way to the gate of their house. "Always about you." Dean spoke into the night as he made his way to wherever his feet would take him.
. Garth, like Dean hadn't bothered to go to any school. He was Assistant Manager at the Heller Cafe. They would sometimes end up at the Roadhouse at the same time. They loved cursing this town. Jody invited him for dinner once in a while and told him all kinds of cop stories while complaining about her two teenage daughters not getting along. There was the other cop Donna who sometimes joined them. Dean suspected her of having a crush on Jody. Jody blushed everytime he brought it up. And then, of course, were his hookups who got him through the lonely nights on the weekends.
. And I guess this is why part of me feels afraid to say those emotions out loud. I am not ashamed of you. I am ashamed of me."
"How's he doing?" Dean asked, rather timidly, when Cas came in with a nurse to check on the old man.
Dean didn't say anything. All he wanted to see his Mom again. To make sure she doesn't leave like Castiel's did. There was no reason for her to leave though, Dean reminded himself. She loved Dean. He was scared for no reason. He buried his head in his arms. His Mom will be okay. She has to be.
"Woah woah woah. Pause. Times out. Break. That's a cute story and I would like to know about it later but
"It's not ours I don't know how it came there but it's not ours we are just here to buy food." And before anyone could realize what was happening, Cas had run out of the store in full speed.
Had Dean actually called out Cas' name or did he just do that in his head? He couldn't remember. Either way, Cas was making no effort to respond. His features were set, as if chiselled in stone. With his clenched jaw, cold eyes and taut cheekbones, his expression was deadpan. As kids, Cas was always able to beat Dean on making the best poker face.
Bobby Singer and Ellen Harvelle reacted exactly how Dean had expected them to. They started fussing over his wounds. Mrs. Harvelle asked Jo to fetch the first aid kit and then she applied some kind of cream which lessened the pain by a great deal.
Dusk was upon them, painting the sky with a dark orange. The autumn wind was chilly. Dean was only wearing a shirt. He wrapped his arms around him to keep himself warm.
Castiel's confession about him making the decision to stay in purgatory and assuring Dean that it was not his fault did nothing to calm Dean down. Because if Cas had deliberately stayed behind, that meant that the angel was still broken. And Dean's love was never strong enough to fix him.
"What? I shouldn't have let the little fucker here or teach him how things are done. I just.. I just got carried away. She would have hated me, wouldn't she?
"Okay, Socrates, save me the philosophical crap for later. Just give me one person you want here and let's get it done with."
Without knowing what he was doing, Dean's hands were on the back of Cas' head and suddenly they were both leaning forward, closing the already thin distance between them. Their lips met fiercely. Dean didn't know if he was consuming or being consumed. All he knew was Castiel's lips.
He grabbed Cas' wrist and dragged him behind himself, searching for a backdoor before the bouncers caught them. Sure Cas could easily blast them off if they dared laid a hand on Dean, but he had just wanted a quiet, normal night. Running away seemed a better idea than spending an entire night explaining people that waht they saw wasn't supernatural.
Sam kicked him under the table. Dean proceeded to kick him back. It wasn't very mature of them, but Dean didn't care. This was one of the mornings he actually was in a happy mood, with the events of last evening still fresh in his mind.
"I can.. things got a bit out of hand last time, alright? He's not like that all the time I swear. He leaves us alone mostly and he-"
Dean took a step back, his insides turning into jelly. Those were supposed to be his inside thoughts. "Those..that wasn't a prayer to you Cas. I was
Dean laid down on his bed, still clutching it. Tears streamed down his eyes. He would never seek for him again. Castiel was a stranger and any trace of Cas in him was gone. The only reminder was the sweatshirt.
Cas paced back and forth slowly, smiling to himself. He was scaring Dean. "I do have it all, don't I? And I was happy, mind you. Most people have it but aren't happy. But I was, even after moving back. I had it sorted out mostly, until Claire had to utter your name."
Dean held his breath with anticipation as he waited for his father's smile to fade away and turn into an ugly snarl. His ears strained with trying to hear the sound of a belt buckle being opened. But none of it came. Instead the smile became wider as the old man said, "I forgive you son."
"Bobby is going home soon, right? Bobby is going home. That's so fucking awesome." Dean said, his face still plastered in a grin.
Dean, in all his sincerity, would have never thought that the nerdy, stuck-up, all-powerful angel, who rescued him from perdition, will turn out to be such a tease. But Castiel was indeed a big
"Yeah I was hired, not by Jo, by a bunch of people working under her. So I hadn't met her until then. I was totally nervous since first day and all, you know and I had heard that the boss doesn't take shit from anyone. Although now that I think about it, they only called her uptight and strict and whatever was because she's a woman." Dean nodded sympathetically. "So like I am waiting in my new office, not too big but not too small either and I love it and someone pages me that the boss is on her way to introduce me to the company and whatnot so I'm pacing in my office, which then started seeming very small, and then I see through my glass walls that this woman in a suit and pumps with blonde hair flowing about her is walking towards me and I know that I have pit stains now. I was expecting her to be older. I am not boring you, am I?"
Dean had no idea. He didn't even know how to read a clock. He just planned to sit there till the bell rang.
"I am right here, baby." She took her hand in Dean's and squeezed it tightly. Despite her pain, she smiled. "I am always here."
With a little help from Ellen, Dean finally managed to sit up. He could feel the blood rushing in his torso. As soon as the smell of bacon and toast filled Sammy's lungs, he got up, all sleep gone from his eyes. This was unusual for them. They never hd anyone serve breakfast to them, that too in bed.
explained more to Eileen about how it used to be when they used to live at the Novak's. "They used to fight a lot. Michael and Gabe always picking on Cas while Anna kept complaining to her Daddy about how all her brothers were imbeciles. And Chuck, he never really interfered, you know? He just let them be."
The voice sounded familiar. There was a lazy drawl to it. Before Dean used to associate it with someone who didn't give a fuck about the world. Now it sounded like it belonged to someone who had given up on the world. It never had a shred of care associated with it. Dean quickly turned in his chair making one of the legs of the stool wobble with the force. He had to grab the table behind him to stop himself from falling.
"Cool." Dean felt like a weight has been lifted off his chest. It was this easy. He just had to put the words out there and Sam accepted them without any judgement. He felt like jumping with joy.
remember the girl's name. He wasn't a douche. He made it a point to not ask his partners' names. He wanted to imply that he wasn't looking for any attachments. Most of them never bothered to ask his either. That should be the way.
"Dad and Mike aren't home, dork. So I am in charge. So no making out with your boyfriend." Gabe said, entering into the living room.
"What?" Sam sprung up from his seat. "B..but you got a scholarship. You were gonna study, get a great job in those big offices, become rich. You have to go."
The night was just as big a mess as his whole day had been. John Winchester was pretty mad by the time Dean reached home. Dean closed his eyes, stood with his head bent and patiently listened to all that his Dad had to say. It was nothing Dean hadn't heard before - things about him being a disappointment, how even his own father can't trust him, the amount of good things (re: booze) they could've bought with the money, and so on. In the end, he was told to pay off the cost "no matter what" which meant goodbye college for another year.
Blood rushed to the back of his legs as he levered his hand in the wet mud to stand up. He brushed off the mud off the back of his jeans knowingly causing another stain.  "Another year without you. Another year without
"He did.." Slowly, he stepped closer to Dean. "I.. I never knew Dean. All this time you were living at me home, sleeping in my bed and I never fucking knew."
checking you out, but not for me. My friend over here." He pointed at Cas who almost choked on his drink at his words.
me home. They didn't talk to me for two days, and then there was a military form in front of me. Saying if I don't go and get myself straight, I'd be dead to them.
Of course Dean had learned over the years that you can love another man and still be a man. Charlie had taught him as much so. But everytime Dean found himself even thinking about being with other men, his father's disappointed face swerved in his head. He would never disappoint him.
Sammy was sitting on the edge of his chair, chugging mouthful of cereals. He had his bagpack hanging on the shoulder, ready to leave in an instant and barely spared a look at Dean when he entered.
, he was the biggest one of them all. "Can we get back to reading now? Sammy will kill us if we don't find anything worth his while."
"Thanks for letting us stay here, Dean." Eileen told him once they were inside the house. Sam had gone inside to set their luggage.
That night, Cas again sneaked into Dean's room.  This time, Dean wasn't shocked. He greeted him with a kiss. They lay in  each other's arms the whole night. Everything was fine. Maybe happy endings existed after all. Even for Dean Winchester.
"Come on." Dean got up to follow Cas. "I am not in love with him so you got nothing to be jealous about."
"I know. I tried to run away from them for a long time, but one day I knew I had to stop. Hence, here I am."
The little boy sobbed and hugged the bag tighter, as if he could swallow it right then and there. The big boy finally looked out of patience as he grabbed the tiny hand and pulled at it. Something boiled inside Dean right then and without thinking, he was running towards them.
Dean groaned as his phone blared loudly in the silent room. He fished for it among his sheets, because he couldn't remember where he had thrown it when he had layed down to read.
"No, you're not listening. He was in the garage, not working, not sleeping, but passed out, completely."
dating life." Dean corrected. "And no, it's not about that, although don't think I am letting that go anytime soon."
Dean's ramblings were interrupted by a sharp pain in his back and before he knew what was happening, rough lips were claiming him, all softness gone from them. Cas' hands were fisted in his collar and his legs were almost ready to give out. His entire weight was supported between Cas and the wall the angel had thrown him against. He let himself give away entirely to Cas.
He was good at this. He was supposed to be the one to turn into a shaking, blubbering mess, not Dean.
Dean's mind was in a frenzy. The door was booming under Billie's knock and Cas kept saying the words which didn't made sense to Dean.
He ran outside the house, not bothering to lock the door. His feet automatically carried him, his mind not paying attention to where he was going. Mid-jog, he realized he was in the completely wrong direction. The Singers' house was in the other direction. Lisa's house was in the other direction. Why was he trying to take the road he had forgotten years ago?
The body, especially the face was too distorted to be deemed worthy of society. When Dean had reached the hospital, the doctors had already declared the time of death. Among all the cuts and scratches, a single red bruise on his father's pale cheekbone was easily visible. It was a light shade of purple. One wouldn't notice unless they knew where to look. But Dean could recognise it easily. He was the one who had caused it, after all.
He got up and once again walked away, this time not turning around despite his Dad laughing and shouting words like, "I knew you were no sissy Dean", "Mary hates you", "I wish you fuckers were never born at all" and "waste of sperm" and "that's my boy."
Cas looked at Dean, head tilted, eyes narrowed. "I know you are not homophobic. I may have earlier doubted it but I think I saw enough last night to know that you are not."
. Cas always insisted to wash his blood off himself and Dean let him. But tonight, when Dean gestured him to step inside in his room for their ritual shower with his usual smirk, Cas had told him straightaway that he was too tired today to take care of him. The way the smirk was wiped right off Dean's face gave Cas some weird satisfaction.
He gave her his sweetest smile, knowing it would infuriate her more than his rudest remarks. "If you see Lisa, tell her I was looking for her."
"Yeah." Cas said heavily. His shoulders drooped and he seemed to shrink right before Dean's eyes. Dean just wanted to gather him in his arms and tell him that everything was going to be okay. Just like that fateful day.
Dean sat on the cold concrete outside his house. It was dark except for the streetlights which kept blinking and the headlights of passing cars. None of those paid them any attention to the two boys sitting on a footpath, one of them bleeding.
"Just go." He practically begged. There was nothing Benny could say that would make it better. He was only gonna make John more mad.
They seperated and Sammy left to join his friends at the front. Dean moved to the back to go to the sixth seat from the front, which he knew would be empty. It was his.
Cas didn't even take a minute to flip Dean around to make him face the wall. He felt his pants being yanked over his ass and then pool at his ankles. The cool air was soothing. Cas put two fingers in front of his mouth."Suck."
Bobby told Dean that John had come to their house one day, late at night, when both Dean and Sam were sleeping. He had insisted his sons be returned to them, because he was their father. Bobby had straightway refused. He said Dean was too sick to move anywhere and if John showed up once again, he would have no choice but to call social services.
They had talked for some more time, debating on the cost of buying and selling, one that would profit them both. Ellen said she would need to talk to Jo about it properly and they would have to sit down and actually do this. Dean was supposed to meet Jo and Ellen two days from now, not as a family but, if all goes well, as business partners. Seeing her reaction to the year end party had already filled Dean with hope. He had thrown it precisely to impress the Harvelles.
Cas was the one who finally pulled back, allowing Dean air to breathe. Dean couldn't take his eyes off him. His hair was more tussled than usual, his lips swollen under Dean's assault and his eyes were filled with the same kind of hunger Dean was feeling inside -
Cas raised an eyebrow, his blue eyes scrutinizing Dean. "You want me to sit there and watch you eat."
Dean had no idea why Cas wanted to meet him in a fucking park out of all places. He hadn't specified which one, but Dean had understood. It was the one behind their school. They used to hang out there after school sometimes, after deliberately missing the bus when Cas was sure Chuck wouldn't be home till late. They would play all sorts of odd games till evening, without any worry in the world. No one in their homes were looking for them anyways.
John looked at his watch for a brief moment and then went back to his newspaper. "Get ready soon then. Don't wanna be late on the first day."
Dean looked back at Cas. Was he going to bring up what happened years ago? Dean wasn't ready for that. Not right now. Not today.
Dean inhaled deeply when he walked out, a smile playing on his face. A smile he wasn't sure he deserved. He didn't know if what he did was right or wrong. But he also knew those were the last words he would say to his father for a long, long while. As soon as Sammy turns eighteen, Dean would bring him with himself, wherever he would be. He hated leaving his brother here, but he had no other choice. He would study and work hard and one day, neither of them would have to look back. He was gonna do this.
fucking drink. It's a weekday, why on earth are you drunk and sitting on the sidewalk like a homeless person?"
we close? We live near each other, are in the same grade. I remember Mom telling me you ran off as soon as you dropped Sam off. You never came in for a cookie."
Dean peaked through his half closed eyes and was greeted with blue eyes watching him curiously. "Benny?"
Dean knew they were only messing around with each other, but the words hit home too closely. He understood perfectly well the feeling of not being appreciated enough by your family.
John showed his teeth again. This time the smile didn't reach his eyes. "I trust you are big enough to take care of yourself now. I better not see another boy do try to do that with you."
"I know how you see yourself, Cas. You never see yourself the way I see you. You think you're broken, a fallen angel. You don't think you deserve our love. So you just give and give, trying to prove that you are worthy and we kept taking. We never told you how much you meant to us. I never told you how much you mean to me. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done it for us, for humanity. You rebelled against heaven. You fought your brothers and sisters. For humanity. That is who you are. You are the most selfless, generous and compassionate person I know. You are more human to me than all the other human beings I have ever met. You know, ever since we met, ever since you pulled me out of hell, knowing you has changed me. Because you believed, I believed. You changed me, Cas."
"Dean, believe me, there is nothing about that night I regret, except leaving you alone with your Dad."
"I don't remember that well. I think it was after Dad's death and one night I heard noises from your bedroom and went to check if you were okay until I realized what it was. And then I heard the other person moaning, which was a man's. A horrifying experience really."
"Anyways," Bobby took off his cap and rubbed his hand over his hair, as if in deep thought. Dean peaked a glance - his head was normal. No dents, no bald spots, just thin hair. "This may come off as condescending or whatever big words those city folks use, but let me tell you son, I only have the best of you in my heart. You and your brother."
Dean was returning to his counter with an empty tray in his hand when he heard the bell at the door ring, indicating more people entering. The cafe was crowded more than usual today.
Dean immediately rushed to his mother's side to help her. He saw that a packet of milk had spilled on the floor. He took the clothe from his mother's hand and begin wiping. It was a simple task, yet he knew how difficult it was for his mother to do it right now.
intimidating. The purple streak in her dark hair, the piercings on her chin and tongue, the black outfits; she had managed the perfect goth look over the years. It had only made her more popular.
After all was said and done, here they were, sitting like two sad lonely old dudes in a bar. Dean sighed. He stole a glance at Cas. His vessel wasn't ugly by a long shot. The sex- ruffled hair, the blue eyes, the deep voice, dude got some good genes. And now that the vessel was all Castiel's, he could've used it to get any number of chicks he wanted,
"It's all just bull. Schools and tuitions, they're scamming you. In our time, we never did this shit. We earned money like honest men."
By the time Dean reached Ellen's, his head was spinning like a whirlpool. He wanted to puke but he didn't have the energy for it. His eyes were barely able to focus on anything. He rang the doorbell with great effort.
Dean held his breath as he watched his brother's expression. Was there hate in his eyes? Was there anger? Will accepting that application be a mistake? Dean was going to leave Sam alone here. He had a right to be mad.
"Can you keep the same energy for my boyfriend then? Or it's only convenient for you when you enjoy watching them fuck?" Cas walked out of the kitchen, holding the turkey in his hands. Dean could hear everyone outside gushing over how good it smelt and looked.
"There won't be beer at Meg's party, Dean. She's twelve. And I only say that stuff to impress Mike and Gabe. I won't even have any one to talk to at that party, if uh, if
"All this talk of shit while he's eating." Ellen tutted, forcing another spoon into her husband's mouth.
Dean was tired of playing games. Cas wasn't innocent. He hadn't missed the way Cas was a lot warmer to him as soon as he found out Dean was into men. His hostility had vanished, replaced by a familiar warmth. It wasn't a coincidence.
"In flesh and bone." The blue eyed boy laughed, extending his arms to let Dean embrace him. Benny was an inch taller than him. Underneath his coat, Dean could feel the hard muscles. His stubble rubbed against Dean's hair. There were small wrinkles around the his eyes when he smiled. His hair was cut short. He seemed to have aged a lot more than Dean ever did. He almost looked like an adult.
"That's okay." Eileen said non chalantly. "Me and Jess know each other. If Sam says there is nothing between them, then I trust him."
Without saying a word, Lisa was up, gathering her clothes and putting them on faster than Dean had ever seen her do so. He should apologize, but he was tired of saying the same things over and over again.
Dean could see his Dad sitting in the living room, reading his newspaper. He didn't know if he was listening. He didn't want to find out.
Dean's heart sank again, and this time, the stone that was tied to it was so heavy that it would never let him breathe again. What had he expected? For Cas to kiss him back? Tell him he loves him too? Admit that he was as degenerate as Dean was?
out. He had been with a few men before. He didn't enjoy them as much as he did women, but lately, all his fantasies had been filled up with Cas, who was pretty
Dean and Sam threw their share of the dirt. Dean remembered how he had thrown little handfuls of dirt on his mother's grave with a baby Sam in his arms. No one asked why the baby's own father won't take it. No one dared to. John had been late at Mary's funeral and then kept yelling at everyone the whole day. The smell of booze coming from his mouth could have poisoned the whole city.
"Hey hey, take it easy, babe." Dean said hurriedly, when her hands started reaching inside his pants.
"So you were too afraid to die than to live your truth?" Dean asked, his curiosity making him forget about the time limit he had put Cas on.
Dean took another shower at home, again scrubbing his skin hard. He had drank so much that he had passed out and if Cas wasn't there, heaven only knows what might have happened. He knew it wasn't his fault that the man touched him, but he couldn't stop feeling dirty. If only he could have controlled himself, stop while he still had his senses, and maybe the man wouldn't have the guts to do so.
"Come on Dean, you should be more grateful." Raphael said, making a fake pout. "Your friend is defending you."
Dean wanted to have another beer. Hell he was itching for one. He wouldn't, no matter what happened. The last time he had spiraled, which was two days ago, the consequences hadn't been good. He could still see flashes of the man touching him at the bar. He had pretty much kept alcohol under his control but now he could feel it all getting out of his hand. He needed to attend those AA meetings again or get a sober partner maybe. He would do whatever it takes to not relapse again.
He looked around. Large fields were stretched around him with the sun shining brightly on top of them. The road was empty but there was a small bar on the side. Hoping to find answers there, he walked over to it.
"This is so-" Dean said between stiffles. "You know- dating apps and shit oh god- did they give you the sex ed talk yet?"
"No. No, of course not." Cas muttered to himself. "Can I take you to lunch? I mean, can we have lunch together? I don't wanna waste my day off watching TV."
"What am I doing here?" He asked Cas in a small voice. Speaking too loud made the room spin around again.
The graduation after-party was going to be held at Lisa's place. Everyone was invited. Dean was hoping Cas would show up. His buddies certainly liked to party. That could be the last time Dean would see him. He didn't want to miss that opportunity.
"Those are Michael's old clothes. He was.. is as tall as you so I am sure they will fit you." Cas said. He was now standing awkwardly near the door, looking unsure of what to do. He was avoiding looking at Dean for some reason. When Dean opened his mouth to thank him, he was gone.
Bobby and Ellen looked at each other. "Dean," Bobby answered. "I don't think they made it here. No one has seen them."
hungry, just not for food. This was how addiction worked. It takes over everything you love until it is the only coherent thought you have left. Dean knew it pretty well. He has been hooked up on his since he was six. His fixation on Castiel Novak was getting too tiring. Worst of all, Castiel had chosen
Dean flipped him. The tension between them had disappeared somewhere between their laughter. "Um..by the way I am glad you're here. Really. It means a lot."
Dean could sense there was something wrong with him. His usual stoic demeanor was absent with his shoulders slumped. His steps were mismatched, although it was difficult to tell in the shallow light. "Are you drunk?"
And then, Meg used the same strategy he has used on her a million times before to annoy her into oblivion. She
Sammy had always been the calm one, the one who listened to all the shit their Dad had to say, without ever retorting back. Dean had come to admire this quality in his brother. That resolve seemed to be gone by now. The sweet little guy was gone. All because of Dean.
"I'm gay." Jo said with a small smile on her lips, but Dean could see in her eyes how scared she was.
Dean. This was the last day, all beefs were supposed to be forgotten. Will Cas give Dean the reason to breathe again as they were suffocating in the wave of blue?
Anna scoffed. "You got two kids with enough issues. Don't expect Gabe and me to get on the mommy train."
Next thing he knew, his hand was on Castiel's face, turning him towards himself and their lips were crashing on each other's. Dean kissed and kissed the angel and the angel kissed him back with equal vigour. They sucked and bit, draining and filling each other simultaneously.
"He's home! He's home!" Forgetting about his mother for a moment, Dean jumped up and down and rushed over to take the basket from his father.
The principal cleared his throat, and Dean brought his focus back on him. He took the degree out of his hand and hurried off the stage. His throat was becoming too heavy. He wasn't alone in this world. He had a family out there in the auditorium, in which there was no place for John Winchester.
Dean tried to move past him, but strong fingers grabbed his wrist and pulled him back. Personal space be damned. "Don't push me away like you always do." Cas was almost pleading with him.
"That man needs to give up drinking if he wants to take care of two kids. How can I let you go back knowing you won't be safe?"
my stars everyday, thinking about why would someone as celestial and powerful as you would fall for someone like me. And everyday I wake up scared, thinking that you won't be there on my bed. That you have finally realized that you can do better. But you are
that changes everything. Everything I thought was real...but none of it was.. it all makes sense now Cas. You.. I never hated you, Cas, you douche. I.." Dean stopped. Words held meaning, especially between him and Cas, where the absence of words had ruined everything, words held meaning for them. And a word which Dean had never uttered before, it would change everything. "I loved you, Cas. Dean finally said the words he had been planning to. "And even though it has killed me, but I..
Anger flared inside Dean. He should not get this defensive of his Dad after all that he has done, but he couldn't help it. It was inside of him, just like his love for John Winchester- something he hated, but knew that he won't ever be able to get rid of it.
He grabbed the back of Cas' head, making his head tilt towards Dean. Their lips hovered, dancing around each other. Seeking but not finding, chasing but not reaching. Their breaths were mixed as there was only a thin string of air allowed in the space between them. Their chests heaved as they waited. For what, neither of them knew.
He brought his eyes back on the road. They have been driving since two hours and Dean was tired. And horny.
to overlook the bar. Most of their bartenders were temporary - kids in their early 20s looking for a side hustle or some middle aged person trying to find another opportunity in life. They usually never lasted. The only consistent bartender was Metatron. No one knew or cared why he was named like a Transformer. Everyone called him Tron. He was in his mid 50s or 40s or could be 30s, Dean didn't know. He didn't want to know.
me-" Dean heard a  commotion behind him. The redhead was surrounded by two burly dudes, and she was pointing towards Dean. "We need to get outta here first."
"It was a shitty ass day." He said after releasing his girlfriend from his arms. "And a shitty ass summer."
"Your door was open." Castiel said it so casually as if he had simply entered inside Dean's house to deliver a mail. He was wearing a black shirt with it's top button open, revealing a little skin. Dean allowed his eyes to rest there, just for a moment, before he was reaching for the door. He held it wide open, letting air rush in. "I will close it this time. After you leave." No chances this time. No hopes. They were done being shattered.
When Dean realized what was inside Cas, he couldn't stop cursing himself. It wasn't his fault, he knew, but his mind kept telling him that somehow, he had let it happen. The devil was inside the angel, Dean's angel and no matter how hard Dean tried to call him, he couldn't reach him.
"Depression. Yeah." Dean said, pulling his blanket up to his neck. He wouldn't let Cas see any of his injuries.
Cas stood still as a statue, his eyes refusing to leave Dean's. "You.. I.. that's not true." He blurted out.
"Dean you're not a sob story to me. You are going through something. I understand that. I wanna be there for you."
"Morning sunshines." Mrs. Harvelle said cheerily, walking in the guest room with a breakfast tray. Dean tried to get up hurriedly as a courtesy making all his muscles revolt against him at once. He flopped down the bed helplessly.
Dean showed him his finger. He and Cas had recently learned the meaning of that and they never wasted any occasion to use it.
to Cas, but he stopped himself in time. Cas was his best friend, nothing more. It was not a thing proper men said to each other.
"Yeah forget about it." Dean said, trying to be nonchalant. "It was just..just..um.. a spur of the moment thing. I was emotional. I didn't even mean it
Lisa let out a puff of hair against his left shoulder. Her fingers traced the lines on his back. "You don't have to do everything by yourself, you know?"
"Yeah I am actually very grateful to you for interrupting. Even if you ran away after that like you had seen a ghost."
Cas lifted up his head, his arms still woven around Dean's torso. He looked at Dean, a hair's breadth of distance between them. "It.. it was all.. everything that happened.."
Cas smiled, his fingers drawing little circles in the sheet. "No you just bragged about hosting the party to us."
He was grateful for Lisa. She was there for him when no one else was. She loved him, cared for him, even offered him money when things were too bad. He never took it. At the end of the day, she was his
"I am a billion years old celestial being, Dean. I don't forget easily." Cas looked Dean in the eyes. "Especially the things that mean so much to you."
Jo arrived half an hour later, frantic and red in the face, followed by a girl on her toe. She rushed to her mother and pulled her in a tight hug. Dean stood back as Ellen started explaining Bobby's condition to her daughter.
Two days later, Dean and Sam were ready to leave. Dean's wounds were almost healed, except the sore spot in his side. He didn't need the bandages any longer, since there wasn't any bleeding. Cas had called him yesterday excitedly informing him that he had talked to his Dad and Mr. Novak was more than happy to have them in their home.
Dean walked over to Sam, putting a protective hand over his shoulder. The little kid was shaking already. "It was just a joke, Dad."
"Hell I- Fine I will cut it short for ya. If you ever need money, just ask. Don't hesitate, just ask. And before you shake me off or try to pull off those formalities where you refuse me to be polite, let me make it clear- I am not gonna hear it."
Thousands of results showed up- men, women, people who looked like neither dressed in all kinds of colors and glitters. He opened the
Sam took a couple steps back. "You know what, Dean? It doesn't matter where I go or where they take me. Because even after everything, you will still be here. for God knows why."
Benny's family had left after dropping him off. Dean came later. Benny had asked him to make sure the Lafittes didn't see him.
Dean was in a good mood when he made it to the workshop. It was the only good thing about Monday mornings- the sex he had a night before. Some were bad and left him in a bad mood the whole week. Like the guy that wanted to lick Dean's foot while jerking him off. Or the girl that screamed out her pet dog's name while coming. But some, like the French girl, were too mind blowing. It wasn't that he
As he reached the door, his ever disobedient eyes flickered over to the corner table instinctively. And curse all the Gods, because at that exact moment, he was met with the pair of eyes which he had tried to avoid since years. Dean paused for a moment, frozen to his spot by the piercing ice cold stare. In that moment, nothing else mattered. There was only green, there was only blue and then all the colors were as worthless as the other fruits in Adam's garden.
"H-his car?" Dean said, mind suddenly going blank. "It- it just needs one more coat. It will be done by the evening."
Dean laughed, eyes still closed. The sun from his window was irritating him but he didn't wanna get up. Not today of all days.
." Benny took Dean's hand which was on his shoulder and curled his fingers around his wrist. He brought it to his lips and kissed his fingers gently. "I will miss you."
"Really? Couldn't have guessed it myself. I mean I only saw her kissing her girlfriend yesterday." Cas mumbled, not bothering to honour Dean the dignity of looking at him.
Dean's carded his hand through Cas' hair, urging him to go on. His dick was throbbing painfully in his pants and Cas' fingers on his sensitive nipples weren't helping.
"I sensed the anger mixed with your pleasure. You hate this part of you, don't you? This part that is attracted to me?"
"I never knew.." All these dinners he had sat through with them, and never once did he think that Bobby was not Jo's real father.
"S-sam I.. I have to go." The attendants were beckoning him to come forward, annoyance flickered on their face. Dean stood rooted to his spot.
Dean racked his head around. His Mom loved a lot of things - flowers, gardening, cooking, watching tv. She loved everything and nothing.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief when they left. He knew that it was a bit pathetic that it was two days before Christmas and he had no where else to be. He didn't want to go home and make forced conversations with Sam. He didn't want to go sit at his dingy garage, especially after seeing Sam and Cas being successful at their jobs. He could go to the Roadhouse, but it was full of drunk, sad and pathetic people on the holidays. He didn't want to be one of them.
Dean spun around in his chair, hoping against hope that it wasn't who he was thinking it was, but his eyes found on the dirty trenchcoat and the owner of them- steely blue eyes.
"I do wanna hang out with you, Cas. But I also wanna hold your hand, kiss your lips, make love to you, and all those things that I
Dean opened his mouth and then closed it again. He hadn't been out to Sam but he also didn't want to lie and say he was straight. Dean had promised him that he wouldn't be an asshole anymore. He should just suck it up and say it. Even if Sam wouldn't like it, Eileen will definitely tell him that there is nothing wrong in being what Dean is. Or Eileen could be a crazy conservative who would throw the eggs on Dean's face on hearing who he was. Besides, Dean had a feeling that his little brother had suspected it all along, or he already knew.
"Idgit." Bobby mumbled through his chapped lips. He wasn't looking as thin as before and his cheek had regained some colour.
Ash laughed at his friend's words. His stinking breath filled the air. Dean wrinkled his nose. "That's different asshole.
Sam stopped typing as he spotted Dean. He cleared his throat, his fingers hovering over his keyboard, itching to type. "Some work emails to take care off."
He had no more answers, no more words. By the time he heard the belt buckle click open, he was ready. He promised himself he wouldn't beg. He wouldn't cry. He would just let his Dad fix him.
"I don't know, okay? He just said his family is forcing him to go. He didn't tell me what's up." Dean said bitterly.
everything. Their joys, their sorrows. Because while his presence was a void on this earth, the feelings inside him weren't.
Forcing his wobbly feet to carry him, Dean started climbing the stairs. He had forgotten how to walk. Where were his arms supposed to go? Should he swish them or just let them fall by his side?
Dean said nothing. He knew he was being annoying. But his future was on hold. If he was unable to get in anywhere, that meant a lifetime of serving at the stupid cafe. Maybe he could rise up there and become manager of that place after a few years. That was it for Dean.
"It's the first time I have seen you here." A blonde girl asked him seductively. She was dressed in a red blouse with a very short denim skirt and high pumps.
Dean closed his eyes to feel the angel on his lips. Nothing happened. A moment later, the soft hand on his shoulder was replaced by a sharp pain. He was thrown against the wall. Before Dean could say anything, darkness covered the angel. And then he was gone.
I meant you rejecting all my moves on you. Everytime I try to ask you out, you come up with one excuse or another. And let me tell you, those are the lamest excuses ever. Like, at least be creative there."
How could Dean have so easily misread something that had affected him his whole life? Castiel's eyes were set, his jaw determined, when he said he was the one who initiated the kiss. He had no doubt about it. Why did Dean think he himself took the step? Back then, he hated what he was. He was afraid to even admit it to himself. He wasn't brave enough to show that to his best friend, the friend who was his only support at that time. He wouldn't have risked Castiel for a moment of doubt. For a moment of pleasure.
"That's the first time in ten years that you have talked to me without insulting me, Mr. Turner." Dean said.
like this. But there was something about Cas, something that had made Dean think about everything he has ever repressed. He had always hidden away his attraction to men so strongly that he was able to hide it from himself. But ever since Cas had stepped in his life, Dean's feelings had started coming to surface. Not just Cas, it was a string of men after him. Benny, Lee,
Fifteen minutes later, Cas came out with the nurses. Ellen had arrived by then, looking frantic and desperate. It was nothing serious, as it turned out. Some cough had accumulated in Bobby's chest and they had to suck it out. He was okay now. Cas told them that it was common amongst "patients of limited movement."
Dean knew that Christmas was going to be a disaster. Putting a bunch of people, many of whom had unresolved issues with one another in a room with alcohol wasn't a good idea. Dean didn't know much about what was currently going on with the Novaks, but he knew they weren't winning any family of the year awards. Put in the equation Sam and Dean, who hadn't spoken one word to each other since almost 24 hours now - a recipe for disaster.
As if on cue, there was suddenly blue in front of him. And not the graduation blue, this one was different. It had always reminded Dean of tulips and oceans and everything warm in his life. This was Dean's blue.
Sam Winchester was a family lawyer in a huge firm located somewhere in California. He was taller than Dean now, by two inches, which wasn't much but that made the biggest difference to Sam. He always liked to point it out with an annoying smirk on his face. His hair reached his shoulder, something Dean suspected he had only done to piss John Winchester off in his grave. They both knew having long hair wouldn't be considered manly in their Dad's eyes. He lived with his girlfriend in a studio apartment. But all in all, he was proud of his little brother.
He turned around to go back inside but immediately stumbled back as soon as he did. In front of him were a pair of bright blue eyes.
"Y'know, dead bodies, the cold ones, grave residents." Dean said casually, as if asking Cas about the score of a baseball game.
Cas didn't say anything for a few seconds. Then, Dean felt a hand gently caress his thigh. He was feeling so needy that he couldn't help but let out a moan.
"What?" John grunted, not looking up from his plate. Sammy looked back and forth between them, his eyes wide with anticipation.
Neither of them knew what Jo was asking but they understood there wasn't any right answer to her question. "No."
Dean ran his fingers through Cas' neck and kissed him again. "What more do I need to do to prove it to you?"
"First of all, stop saying sex so much. You're ruining it. Second, people can sleep with each other without dating them."
Once he was outside in the cool air, he paused. His mind refused to erase what he had just seen. The vision of Meg making out with Cas, sitting in his lap, their tongues in each other mouths, refused to leave. It replayed over and over again.
"Only you do, Dean." Cas stared at him. Both of them were aware of the proximity between them, but neither of them tried to move away. The closeness was comfortable. "No one else does. Only
"The workshop. It's in Mom's name. It always belonged to her. I am doing this for her and for you. Not him."
of his relatives. All of their neighbours hated John, giving shelter to his sons was out of question. He could go to the Novak's, just to spend the night there, but he wasn't sure if he could walk that far in this condition.
"Well you're late." Dean said, getting back up on his feet. He wiped the dirt off his back. "We buried him already."
Garth chuckled. "Jeez take a breather Winchester. They're gonna cut your bucks off if you start yelling at us. The customer is always right, remember?"
"Just a few more dollars Dad. Whatever you can afford." Dean said timidly. He wasn't willing to test his fate any further. Who knows how long will the good mood last.
"I wasn't embarassed of you. It was the right thing to do. They had opened a family wound and we were just imposing at that point."
After showering, Dean went down into the kitchen to check on what they had. Sam wasn't here yet, which meant he was still showering or more likely, trying to decide what clothes to wear. He seemed too excited today. It didn't surprise Dean. Little Sammy was excited for everything. His favorite cereals could come in a new shape and he remained grinning all day. Dean, on the other hand - barely anything excited him. Except seeing his best friend again.
Dean nodded at him as he sat down beside him. Benny turned his head to stare at him and then looked away.
drunk. The last call from his phone had been made hours ago. His heart beat loudly as he opened his texts, wondering what bullshit he had spewed
Dean drank his soda, to save himself the bother to come up with another half assed answer. Their conversations usually trailed off awkwardly. All they had were empty conversations thriving on the memories of a bond that was long lost.
"-this book's page is torn. I can get you another copy if you like." The cashier completed her sentence, showing Dean a magazine which was titled 'Wheels of America."
They said goodbye to each other, dividing the magazines equally among them (neither of them was gonna read it). It wasn't until later that Dean realized be had forgotten to give back the sweatshirt. And as usual, Cas didn't ask about it.
"I'll give you that. But," Claire said, extending the letters dramatically. "Maybe he was telling the truth for once this time."
"I don't remember much, but I was sad when we had to leave Dad." Jo said softly. Dean was grateful for the lack of pity in her eyes. "I even hated my Mom for a while for marrying this scary looking dude. But Bobby.. he was so nice to us. He never made me feel I wasn't his own. I couldn't have asked for a better Dad."
It was a bold statement. There could be a million reasons Cas couldn't be wearing his ring. He had taken it out for surgery and forgot to put it back on. He and Mick had decided to not rush into marraige and would only date. He had simply lost it.
"I rebuilt it, doesn't mean I own it. You have changed over the years and sometimes I wonder about you. Who do you love, what makes you happy, what goes on in your mind."
Dean tried to work hard on his grades the whole semester. He knew it was his only chance to get into somewhere good. He wasn't hoping for MIT or Caltech, any decent college would do. He begged his teachers to write letters of recommendations. Some took pity on him knowing his home reputation.  Some dodged him and some straight up refused to. The only teacher who wrote him a sincere letter was surprisingly Mr. Rufus Turner.
Dean smiled at him. It was hard for Cas to tear his eyes away from the curved lips and the bottle green eyes, but he eventually forced himself to look at the screen, where a bunch of people were fighting already. Cas sighed internally. He'd rather watch Dean all night.
Lisa clutched the straps of her bag between her fingers and pulled it closer to herself. "You're the only person I know who was working in summer."
"Just.. give me back before going home, all right? I can't have you shaking like an otter the whole time."
Dean waited for many hours at his home waiting for his brother to return or even his father(he was so happy that he could have hugged his Dad too). He couldnt wait to see the look on Sam's face when he will get to know. Will he be happy? Will he be mad? Sam
As much as he was dreading it, Deam knew it would come one day. And it did come. One day when Dean came home from school, he saw his Mom and Dad rushing around the house, his Mom screaming at the top of the lungs.
Dean was happy at the thought of someone being in his home again, but he wasn't exactly happy about Sam staying there. He didn't remember the last time Sam had stayed with him for more than two days in a row. Things were usually awkward between them, even though they tried to joke around each other as much as possible to lighten the mood.
Eileen set down her newspaper on the table, after carefully folding it shut. "Besides we have some places to be."
"I live with you. I eat with you. Heck I even sleep with you sometimes. What else could you possibly wanna know about me?"
and Dad. And it's, uh, it's totally my fault. I did something that I should never have done. It was wrong. It had nothing to do with you."
Dean suddenly felt repulsion crawling under his skin. He wanted to rip it all off, burn every surface the stranger's hand had touched. Dean had been enjoying himself last night, wanting to ignore his problems for once. He had felt happy and light-headed. He wanted one night and someone had ruined it. Scarred him in a way he won't ever be able to hide from himself.
By the time the name list reached U, Dean was sure he was gonna faint on his way to the stage. He was so sweaty that he was sure that his pit stains were visible on his gown. Maybe if he slowly backed away and then ran really fast, he could make it to the outside without any drama. All he had to do was take a step back.
He grabbed Cas' collar and pulled him towards himself, claiming the lips again. His back was aching from being pressed against the wall but he didn't mind. He only felt the heat in his heart and the pleasure in his groin. The legacy of Dean Winchester was back.
Dean paused for a moment to think. What did Sammy drive? Did he even have a car? He only flew down to visit Dean during the holidays sometimes. He had told Dean about his law firm and his girlfriend like reading points off a notebook. He only presented facts when Dean asked them. The truth was that Dean had no idea what his little brother's real life looked like.
"Dad's calling you." A bored voice said from the doorway. Dean turned around to see Gabriel standing there. He couldn't help but let out a little groan at the sight of Cas' elder brother.
He was almost asleep by the time Sam came home. His footsteps were loud which meant he knew that John wasn't home. He must have been sleeping in the garage again.
"I'm sorry," Chuck said, he was suddenly looking sombre, although the humor was still in his eyes. "I have
Dean watched the jaw unclench and the muscles on the beautiful face relax. His heart paced. He knew those changes. Cas was going to speak, to say something.. to maybe
out of all of them. At first, he used to call at least twice a week, excitedly telling Dean all about his subjects and the new people he met. As the months passed by, the calls became less.
Realization dawned on Cas' dark features. "That- that makes sense. I wondered sometimes about little Sammy and I should have guessed.." Cas trailed off, his eyes scanning the menu. Dean knew he wasn't reading. "That was a brave thing you did, Dean."
There was no reason for Dean to be this upset. Cas had the right to fuck whoever he wanted. Dean had been sleeping with Lisa over a year now. Cas hadn't lost his shit for that. He understood there were boundaries between friends, boundaries which Dean had crossed too long ago.
. And in a way, Dean was always afraid to lay his hands on him, because he was too afraid to ruin the beautiful bastard.
Dean closed his eyes, letting he tears fall on his face and the angel's hand. Cas didn't flinch away. He really wasn't going anywhere.
"You can't lie to me Dean. That age, I know where the money is gonna go. Whichever girl you're trying to impress, she's lucky."
Cas took a step closer, his eyes filled with a mixture of concern and fear. "Dean.." He said softly.
Dean sat back on the couch, this time putting very little distance between them. Dean laid himself back along with Cas.
"You can look over the garage while working for Bobby. Gives you more money." Ellen said. "Think about it." She extricated herself from the table. She picked up her basket of laundry and rested it on her hips. She reached for the door. "And keep the door open."
Cas looked at him with wide eyes. "I didn't make any new friends when you were gone. And I was bored too."
Dean stared at her. Surely she wasn't implying- he had always been subtle ever since his Dad had caught him kissing Benny. No one was supposed to know. Had she seen Benny sneaking in and out of his house?
"Oh, um, okay and what's your friend's name?" Thankfully, the girl looked unfazed by Cas' little choking incident.
"Heyyyy babe." Lisa screamed in happiness, breaking away from her group. She jumped on the couch, planting her legs on either side of Dean's thighs and sat on his lap. Her mouth tasted like beer when she shoved her tongue inside him. Jo raised her eyes triumphantly, silently thanking Dean for proving her point. She mouthed "disgusting" and then got up to leave.
Dean paid no attention to her, not willing to lose the staring contest with snake eyes. He was confident that he was winning this.
Cas had wanted to go to him, multiple times, but everytime he made up his mind to appear in front of Dean while he was calling out his name, he also sensed Dean's loathing. He could feel the hatred oozing out of him. The hatred of his attraction to Cas. Whether he blamed Cas or himself it, the angel didn't know. He didn't want to find out.
They sat in silence for some time, watching cars passing down the streets. Dean could see his and Cas' shadows imprinted in the white snow. How easy it would be if he could just lean in a little and the shadows would merge into one?
He led Cas into their bedroom where the baby's cradle was set. Cas ran over to it as Dean stood nervously by the doorway. His mouth turned into a perfect 'o' as he looked at it. "He's so cute!" He exclaimed.
Dean searched his whole house but no sign of Sammy. The fucker must be with Jess. He knew they were dating, although he couldn't tell for sure. Sammy always wrinkled his nose whenever Dean asked him about it.
Dean entered the new year feeling both miserable and happy. He watched, sorely from behind the bar as all his friends had someone to kiss when the clock counted down to 12 am. It wasn't that Dean didn't have anyone to kiss. The way Metatron was talking to him the whole night with his mouth tilted a little too close to Dean's mouth, he had no doubts about the bartender's intentions. There were many other people in the bar who could have happily planted a smooch on Dean's mouth but he had politely refused them all. He wanted to go into the new year a clean man. No more flings, no more drunk nights getting out of his hands.
"Paying my condolences." Cas said, taking his hand back. He inserted them in his pants. He looked sharp in his black suit.
"It's not good, Jo. They will ship me and Sam off to God knows what kind of foster homes or group homes. And they will...just
"It's our last morning together. Figured I'd give you some sweet words to remember me by instead of the aggressive grunting while fucking like animals."
Cas looked up and pretended to think. "I do get that question all the time. Once I got it from a five year old, once it was a seven year old, last time, it was a two year old."
Even though he was at home all day long, he didn't have the time to get bored. The baby kept him occupied enough. Feeding him, changing him, patting him down to sleep, Dean did it all. He always thought babies were easy. Not anymore.
After dinner, Sam and Eileen offered to do the dishes later, so Dean came back to sit on the couch. He had a soda in his hand, but he needed something more. Something much stronger. It was a weekday, Dean told himself. He could feel the dip in the cushion where his Dad used to sit. He heard some scuffle in the kitchen. After a while Sam joined him.
did. Cas never seemed interested in them, at all. When Dean looked at them, he sometimes wondered what was under the clothes or how it will be like kissing them, but that was it. Cas, on the other hand, never even seemed to spare them a glance.
you. Fucking ten times, I called you! But you were too busy fucking Chicago women to pick a call. I wanted to set things right. You didn't. You never do."
Dean opened his eyes and immediately squinted. The light was too strong for his eyes. The last thing he remembered was being in a dark room, fighting people and something poking his back.
"I am not.." Dean threw his cigarette down on the ground. "I am not defending him. I just can't have you look at me the same way you looked at him. Like we're nothing but a waste of a good life!"
"Then let's be happy with each other! Fuck everyone who isn't us. You are scared. I get that because I am even a bigger coward than you. But I am ready now. I am here. I am not hoping for you to give me an answer right away or ever. I am not gonna force you, Dean. You say one word and I will leave. But not before I speak my truth. You just have to let me say it." Dean didn't think there was any space left between the both of them to cover, but Cas proved him wrong. His warm breath was all over Dean's face. "Let me say it." Their foreheads stashed against each other. "Just once, I promise." Cas' fingers trailing on Dean's cheek. "Just once."
"Oh hey Dean." Cas said offhandedly. His turned his back to Dean, his right arm working furiously. From the look of it, he was mashing something with a wooden spoon. Probably potatoes. Dean couldn't help but think about how dedicated Cas looked. Mick was kneeling by the kitchen counter, gazing into the oven.
Dean could hear the doorbell echoing inside his house. After a few minutes, there was a thumping noise of footsteps. Dean's heart was beating louder than the steps.
"Administered the wrong dose. Gave her 50 mg of morphine instead of 15. My seniors said it was nothing. Soemtimes the treatments fail. Said the girl was just unlucky."
"No I will show them, Dean." John grabbed his shirt, pulling him closer. Dean almost puked at the terrible breath."You gotta trust your old man, like your Mom did. You should too, Dean. She trusted me with her life and I couldn't even give her that, y'know?" He released Dean and rested his head on the paint shelves. "I told her, we should have another kid, right Mary? Have another kid so that we can give Deano a little munchkin to annoy instead of us. And she, being the fool she was,
"It's not, okay?" Dean said firmly. "All this.. I don't kiss you or do other romantic shit because.. shit, I don't know, Cas. Whenever I think about someone seeing us kissing outside, my mind flashed back to the my Dad screaming
"Found ya." Dean said, untangling his phone from beneath his mattress. How it had reached there was beyond him. He looked at the caller ID and held his breath.
Dean delayed going home for many hours. He was afraid to face his Dad, almost as afraid as the night he was kicked out.
"I know babe. I know. And I wish there was some way I could take away your pain. And I can! Some parts of it, at least. But you have to let me. You have to stop pushing me out."
Dean looked at him for a long moment, and then the anger dissolved from his face. He stood up to face the angel. "A'right talk to me. Tell me what's wrong?"
for taking the girls' side. But Benny just laughed. There was no humor in his laughter. It was empty, dry, as if Dean touched a nerve. He sat up and met Dean's eyes. "Unlike you, Dean, I have stopped denying what I am."
Thinking about what his Dad had said about never letting anyone push you around and to always help the weak, Dean, this scrawny, dirty blonde kid; forgot all about his own lunch or the fact that the guys bullying the kid were twice his size and got up from his seat and rushed over to the boy's aide.
He made his way outside. It was quite. The loud chatter inside the bar was like a whisper out here. He saw his car outside.
"Oh good idea." Charlie said, putting her magazine down. "Or pay a nurse to suffocate you with a pillow."
The only thing that concerned him was what would happen if they ran out. He hoped his Dad would buy more milk and diapers if need be. He didn't have any money of his own. Some relatives and friends have been to see them, but they have only given them food to comfort them. They didn't know that Dean didn't want food for himself. He only wanted it for his brother. And he had no idea how they were gonna get that.
loved. Sam loved veggies. There was no way in hell Dean was celebrating his brother's return with rabbit food.
He started running into the kitchen but slowed  down as soon as he saw his Dad on the couch. "Good morning Dad." Sam said quietly.
No, none of these would work. He sounded like a teenager. Besides, knowing Cas, the angel would just panic and run away. Or say something really awkward in order to gently let Dean down, while making everything else worse.
The only thing Dean was satisfied about was the huge party he had managed to throw that night with more than 200 guests. It was the usual - the alcohol, the loud music, the flashing lights. Dean had put in a lot of effort to promote it, ever since his had been set on this. This was his last chance to prove that he was worth more than a mechanic.
Mary pulled him into a side hug, squashing Dean against her belly. "I am glad you don't, baby. Bring Castiel home sometime. I will feed him your favourite pie."
"I punched him." Dean announced loudly. "A day before he died, I punched him." He cleared his throat and continued when Cas was at his side again. "Square in the face."
The grass was illuminated by the orange street lights peeking through the trees, giving it an odd greenish tint. A few people were roaming inside, some jogging. In the corner, a group of people were huddled together in the corner, laughing loudly. If Dean had to guess, they were probably on something. He heard the bushes behind him bristle. He assumed it was an animal, until he heard moans. Definitely teenagers, Dean concluded. Nothing much had changed there.
Standing up was just as difficult as changing sides. He had to grab the tree near him to stop his legs from giving out under him. He noticed that the jeans on his left knee was torn and small droplets of blood were visible. Their were scratches on his arms and he was pretty sure his face was covered with dirt. He ran a hand through his hair and found a bunch of dry leaves tangled in them. And he was cold. So goddamn cold. The ground had been freezing and the sun did little to warm it's way inside Dean.
"Nah he asked me if it was okay and I told him to go. Wasn't much to talk about anyways. Secretly, I was grateful for the blonde taking an interest in him. I was about to go home till I saw you sitting alone in this chair. And I thought Winchester? No way. Figured you could use some company."
Dean was glad he decided to go to the coffee shop near the hospital first to buy himself something to drink, because he found Cas standing there, one hand in his lab coat and scrolling through his phone with the other while waiting for his order. The small place was crowded as always, and there were no empty seats.
He wasn't feeling that sleepy any more. And he wasn't missing Cas' presence beside him either. He had someone to talk to again.
Dean's heart beat loudly as one by one, the items in their cart were billed, leaving only the magazines behind. They both stared with baited breaths as the cashier pulled them out and lay them in a heap beside the computer.
"That's more than fine." Dean said beaming, even though he wasn't sure if it was. He didn't mind them there for who they were. He just minded them as people. He was so used to living alone that he had forgotten what it was like to have people in the house who weren't there just for dinners or one night stands.
Dean pushed Cas back till his back hit a tree as Cas kept attacking him with his mouth, relentless and unstoppable. Dean wrapped his arms around the lithe waist to pull him in closer. His lips found Cas' neck, making him moan. In response, Cas' grabbed his back, his hand sliding further down hungrily. Dean didn't let his lips separate from Cas' skin even for a second as he didn't want to waste any time in breathing. Cas was the only thing he wanted to inhale. Dean loved every touch, whether it was gentle or rough, fair or demanding, loving or hating. There was no inch of his clothed body that Cas hadn't reached for and Dean was ready to bare it all for him. He didn't care who saw them or who laughed at them.
"Too tired for that. Just gonna bum a smoke." Sam said, sitting down beside Dean. His long legs spread in front of him, farther than Dean's. "Fancy one?" Sam offered.
"Enough Dad." Dean said, looked at the floor. He just wanted to go home. He wanted to tuck himself in his blankets and sleep. He had a long flight tomorrow. He didn't need to be here, wasting his time on this shithead.
"Ah-" Mick said, clicking his tongue. "I shouldn't say but it's so difficult to keep it in. And since I am not sure there is anyone else I can confess to here, so you are the only available person."
"I am sure we both each have our version of what really happened." There was a scuffle of footsteps as Chuck Novak seemed to have stepped inside.
John Winchester slammed the door of his room, to do God knows what. Dean sat on the couch with his baby brother the whole night, crying and shaking silently. He dared not ask his Dad for help.
Jo threw him a sympathetic look, before taking Charlie's hand in hers. They sat down beside him. Charlie had her arms wrapped around her girlfriend's shoulder, silently consoling her. Dean realized hospitals were the only place where you can cry openly and be considered normal.
Lisa didn't say anything for a long time. Their shoes were mud deep in the wet grass. Dean would have to wash them when he gets home. He hated the idea of going home. He hated leaving Lisa in the dark. He felt despair inside, a kind of hopelessness he was getting too familiar to. Dusk settled above them as their foreheads remained joined, making them oblivious to everyone around them.
She made Dean go upstairs hurriedly so that Bobby or Ellen won't stop him to ask about how he was doing.
"There's just been a misunderstanding, okay? He looked back at Cas and muttered, "Go away."  He turned back and put on his most charming smile. "Can we get back to what we were doing, before?"
"I was grieving." It was the first time Dean had ever heard John's voice break. He had gotten so used to his yelling that the crack in his Dad's voice was able to scare Dean ten times more. "I was
Jo often joined him and Cas at lunch along with Meg Masters. There was something off about the popular girl. Dean didn't like the way she batter her eyes at Cas or how she was always
"Oh that's a- a good one. I go there all the time." Dean lied. The place was too expensive for his taste. He preferred the scent of cheap alcohol or strong coffee while eating his loaded cheeseburgers.
Feeling as if a huge weight has been lifted off his chest, Dean smiled as wide as his brother. "I really did."
Dean let the sweatshirt rest on his shoulders. It smelled like Cas. If this wasn't charity, Dean would've loved to keep it. "I don't need it."
"Let the damned boy breathe, El. He's going to uni, not preschool." Bobby drawled lazily from the couch. His face was turned away from them, and all Dean could see was the back of his cap. He never seemed to take it off.
" Dean asked, ignoring the second part. Was his Dad so angry that he had actually left the house? Kind of like a reverse situation from the last time.
"You were the first being that managed to escape me. Right from under my nose. And I didn't take that insult kindly!"
"I don't think it will be easy for them. Or plausible." Charlie said when she and Dean were getting coffee.
The graveyard became quiet when everyone left, just like the countless mornings Dean had spent there. It was ironic how he had started considering this place an almost home and now both his parents were there.
Behind him, Dean had found his own anger. "Come back, damnit. Come back, Cas!" He was screaming at the skies.
"Because I like watching you sleep, Dean." He put his blue eyes on the green ones. "You look so peaceful. So..
"I am in love with you, okay? Since a long time. And the way you touch me, you do it as a friend. As a brother maybe. But to me, those touches are different. They mean something else entirely. And that's not fair to you."
"Our teachers sent me. They wanted me to give you our classwork." Cas said, gesturing to his schoolbag. "My Dad dropped me here. He will be back in two hours."
People started moving away after the casket was properly covered. They all either hugged or patted Sam and Dean's back. Dean could tell Sam didn't want this anymore than he did.
"Of how we met?" Charlie's whole face lit up. "Okay so this is gonna be a bit cliché. Like I was hired by her firm as the IT manager and-"
I swear I'm trying to make sense of everything, without revealing too much, but I don't know if it's working? I think a few more chapters and things will be clearer lol.
But as much as Cas wanted to go, he couldn't. He could only see Dean's back, yet there was something so intimate about watching Dean in his most vulnerable moments. He wondered if he should go invisible and take a look at Dean's face. Only his
"It's just that.. we have..um, projects coming up in school and other stuff too, related to school of course and it's getting difficult-"
"I love you too." A small voice, punctured with sobs cuts across the empty room and makes ot way right towards Castiel's heart, piercing into it. "You dumb son of a bitch, I love you too."
"It means that heaven ain't personal no more. All the walls have broken down." Bobby chimed in, taking a swig of his beer.
"Didn't expect to see you here." The voice behind Dean was quieter than the soft whispers of the wind.
Still, where else would he go? Repair cars in a big showroom where he would have to report everytime he wants to pee? No thanks. Or find work in Bobby's company again?
"Mornin' Dad." Dean said, without looking at his Dad sitting on the couch, his face hidden behind a newspaper.
Dean couldn't believe his ears. There was no way.. after all this time. No, was it a demon? A shapeshifter? He had been searching for Cas since a long time, but now that the angel was finally here, facing a demon seemed easier to Dean.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him. "Oh you do? I thought since it's been a month since we watched it last, you may have forgotten."
Dean's hands were shaking when he was driving. He wanted to run off into some unknown place and never show his face to anyone he knows ever again. He should drop off Sam and Eileen at home and then drive off. Return or never return, he would see that in the morning. He needed alcohol. Something to calm him down. To make him forget.
. That's it. One word. I didn't ask him why his friend was homeless. I didn't ask him how long will they stay here. All I said was okay. You know why?"
A scorn appeared on Cas face to disguise his amusement. Dean knew he loved playing this game. "Okay." Cas sighed. "Okay." For a minute they both held their breaths, the air between them thinning. "It's
"I graduated from seventh grade today, Dad." Dean whispered to himself and got up. He made his way to the Novak's.
"You know what I am gonna miss the most at the field?" Benny said with his mouth full once they had showered and Dean made breakfast for them.
"Bitch." Sam retorted in a heartbeat. Dean almost smiled as memories of their childhood flooded him when this used to be a thing between them. Maybe Dean was getting his brother back.
To Dean's surprise, Cas smiled. An actual smile that was meant for Dean, not Charlie, not Jo, for Dean. "I know you hate emotional talks but I need to do this. I am sorry for all the shit I said to you. I was drunk and out of line and took out the weight of my failures on you. I have no right to judge you on your relations with your Dad. I never had. I hope you can forgive me. I truly do."
"Her Dad- Samuel." He thought about how she had once told him about how much she loved her father. They weren't close though, as far as Dean knew. No one from her family had come to her funeral.
Dean had heard rumors. They had strict training sessions from morning to evening and were really uptight about rules. They even beat their students to discipline. Normal parents didn't send their kids off to state sanctioned prisons in the middle of the year unless-
They chose a table on the corner, where they used to sit as kids. Back then, their feet barely touched the floor. After some years, Dean had gone on the opposite side of the counter, serving people food and cleaning up their dirty dishes. It had turned him off of burgers for a long time. Dean felt too large for the small plastic chairs. He could see Cas sitting in front of him, the same non-comfort reflected on his face. The table was small, hence there was barely any distance between the chair. "Such a lovely place, ain't it?" Dean said sarcastically, earning himself an eyeroll.
Cas was back and Dean had never felt happier. Not even when Amara returned his mother. Not even when Sam had cone back from hell. This happiness was
"Harder." He said, because even though Cas was giving him his all, it wasn't enough. Cas obliged. He grabbed Dean's hips to get him at a better angle and thrusted inside, getting his prostate over and over again. He started jerking off Dean again and this time he didn't stop. The sensation was too much for Dean and he closed his eyes, seeing stars as he came into Cas' hand, screaming his name. He felt cool come fill up his ass as Cas bit his shoulder to ride out his own orgasm.
"Code blue!" The doctors were shouting as nurses ran in and out. Dean told himself not to worry. His Mom had told him that this is how it happens. It was all normal. But the fear in his Dad's eyes was telling a different story. He was shouting at the doctors, begging them to tell him what was happening. That didn't seem normal.
"Then what's it like Cas? I drink myself to death everytime you leave and yet you keep doing this to me. Maybe you should have stayed up in heaven."
"Dean." Hearing those words on those lips after so many years almost made Dean's heart jump again, before registering where those lips had been just moments ago.
He didn't even save Dean of his own accord, he only did it because he was on his father's orders. So yeah, the angel in the dodgy trenchcoat
Dean forgot where he was for a moment, as he stood near the table with a notebook in hand. Saliva gathered in his mouth, unable to go down. Cas never came here. Garth and his friends had been here a million times, but never Cas.
Dean found Cas sitting on the curb outside, breathing heavily. "That was pathetic." He said, setting the bags down.
Dean sighed. They were in a dark alley, God knows where. He had stormed out of the bar, with Cas following him, begging him to listen to him. Dean had kept walking, not knowing or caring where he was going.
Dean realized that in all the time Claire has been working here, he had never once mentioned Sam to her. Odd since he considered her an actual friend. It was weird to be a thirty year old man to be friends was a seventeen year old girl with anger issues, but he knew where to draw the boundaries. She was more like a little sister to her, even a daughter.
Michael never went to college. Gabe told him he was working as a bouncer at the bar which Ash's Dad and Ellen's ex-husband owned. Dean made a mental note to never attend that bar once he becomes of age.
"I had a tiring day at school too." Cas muttered softly so that only Dean could hear him. "Come on." He said.
What Dean did next made Cas forget all about the minutes left. He leaned back and put his head on Castiel's outstretched arm on the head of the couch.
Keeping the remote on the table in front of him, he got up, hands clenching and unclenching. He didn't want to turn around. He had been thinking about him. His mind was only playing games. Turning around will make it unreal. And it has never been real.
Dean looked back at his book, but he knew it was no use. There was no way he could read a boring lore when Cas was in front of him, wearing only one layer of clothing, flirting (or trrying his best to) so blatantly with Dean. Anyways, it was time to put a stop to all this. He closed his book shut. "A'right, you know what? It
He didn't even know why he wasn't going home to the comfort of his bed. He didn't even have a coat with him. He hated this hospital, hated the memories attached to it. More than that, he hated  the aftermath. Hated the memories of home. Returning to the gloomy place, with nothing but a sliver of moonlight to light it up, and tossing and turning the whole night, he could feel the despair creeping inside him already. At least there were people here to fill up the silence.
"Dean.." Cas said again, his fingers gently brushing Dean's shoulder, which made Dean flinch even more. Cas immediately removed them.
Dean didn't mind dying. Sure he had been looking for job opportunities and adopting dogs, but there was always something missing. Maybe when he will reach heaven, he can beg Jack to find a way to bring his angel back to him. He couldn't wait.
Dean had decided to bring some changes himself. He had to come up with some way of getting money that wouldn't trigger outright riots from the rednecks or make them run off to other bars. A plan to compromise from both sides. Beer in exchange to mop the floors. Unlimited refill for an hour to unclog the toilets. For the rest, drinks would be only allowed if they make the payment in advance. In exchange, he would knock off 20% from their existing tabs. There was some protest but they knew they would only get the deal in this bar.
"My point-" Gabe said loudly, emphasizing his words. "is that, don't think of this stupid stuff again."
"Nice to meet you, Holly." Cas put his drink down and gently took her hand off his shoulder. "You are very beautiful, but unfortunately I wasn't lucky enough to lay eyes on your first. It was my friend, Dean here and he is too shy to make the first move. This is why he pointed towards me."
Dean was barely able to hold back a smile. The poor thing was learning his pickup lines from grade-B porno. "I thought angels aren't supposed to feel the temperature."
Cas smiled and wiped away his own tears. Maybe his little hunter wasn't as broken as he thought. He didn't know what to say, not yet. He just wished that Dean would look at him. Just once, let his green eyes pierce into his own.
"- like you do for everything in your life." Cas finished his sentence, with a cold slap on Dean's face.
"Hey Castiel, I bought you some lunch-" A familiar British accent filled the room. Mick entered, holding a small brown bag in his hand, looking for his boyfriend who obviously wasn't here. "I am sorry." Mick said, taking a look around the room. "Castiel told me that he was going to check on Bobby and that I should meet him here."
