"Clairvoyance is rarely useful," Cas answers, but Dean realizes that he's avoiding looking at him.  "It's rare it isn't actively detrimental.  But it can provide guidance, at times."
"You could have asked Amanda to watch me," he says, leaning his shoulder against the kitchen door.  "She would have been happy to oblige."
He was wrong.  About a lot of things, come to think (everything, now that you mention it), but also his back.
He's listened a lot the last couple of days, but every time he tried to talk, it was like he never said a word.  It probably didn't help that they haven't been having the same conversation even once--that much, Dean figured out--but not early enough, and there's a reason for that.  The Croat bite, what they found in the church, what they learned from Alison and Teresa, two separate arguments with Cas: it was almost a relief to have something to deal with, anything at all, because otherwise, he'd have to start thinking of what happened six days ago in Ichabod and what it meant.
"That's one act that traction will make impossible," Cas offers from the far distant ground.  "Truly a tragedy: I don't know how I'll cope with the lack."
"He'll meet you at the northwest corner of Third," she answers.  "He said hurry, he's not leaving you any if you're late."
"Got your attention," Vera finishes for him, nodding.  "Yeah, also noticeable.  The ways of Castiel are like the ocean. Unfathomable."
"She was on the team that regularly accompanied Joseph to the border," Castiel confirms, intrigued.  "Erica trusted her, which is probably why Joseph was able to do it at all.  Why?"
"The murder of Charon must be avenged, and I earned first right to their blood.  While the Misborn live, for one sevenday per year I may hunt them on earth." She widens her eyes in a facsimile of respectful awe.  Even in life, she was terrible at it and hasn't improved whatsoever since.  "Anything else, Castiel of the Host?"
"Because of Micah?" Vera asks. "Almost forgot, she's Miss I Judge You All For Everything, right. I don't remember those parties very well, but that could be the hangover from the drinking game."
Dean looks away, trying to remember the last time someone--anyone--other than Sam or maybe Bobby ever cared about something as stupid as him being
"Boring," Cas says unexpectedly.  "They listened closely, followed instruction, worked hard and consistently--it was maddening. Despite my policy against sex with current students, it was unbearably tempting to seduce Zack--Lee actually did, possibly just to see what the fuss was about, and I must admit I was curious as well--and see if that would help."
"Humanity's response to terror generally consists of finding new and improved methods of destroying it," Castiel says dryly.  "Unfortunately, that also includes using it against each other.  His method of conquest will work eventually simply due to a lack of resistance, but it's both slow and almost painfully inefficient. Not to mention that watching humanity destroying itself has to eventually pall from its sheer monotony compared to the variety available to him in Hell."
"Human reproductive urges are very strong and extremely unambiguous, which makes sense, considering your mandate includes being fruitful."  Belatedly, he realizes he's smiling back.  "And people are remarkably enthusiastic in sharing knowledge when it comes to sex.  As often as physically possible, as it turns out."
She's not a Licinia or a Germanica (or Sappho), no, but the sharp intelligence and faintly sardonic humor in her face make him think she would have been fun to hang out with.  The kind of girl you meet in a bar, knows your job on a glance, mocks your pick-up lines, then drinks you under the table while telling you all the best gossip about the other patrons and exactly the information you needed to know. If you're lucky--and interesting enough--she takes you home for one hell of a night and tells you at dawn to either get out or make breakfast already.
"Then no," Cas says, grinning at him bright enough to light the sky, "that would be it."  After a moment, he sighs.  "However, there are some things…."
"What are you doing, Castiel?" Crowley asks softly, looking at him as if he's never seen him before.  "Or I suppose the question is, what's he done to you?"
"They were living together," Dean says, scraping the remaining casserole into a tortilla and rolling it up. This would be awesome with cheese, which is officially now restricted to the twelve and under set.  "What difference does it make?"
He should have asked Cas more about those that left.  Even if he didn't want to tell who was at his cabin that night, Dean's pretty sure by now he could guess by Cas's reaction to their names.  "Just say it."
"Five minute rule."  Bobby would shit himself; someone actually paying attention to his words of wisdom.  "If you can't kill it and you can't run away from it, buy time to figure out how to do one of those things. Also applies to saving kids from goddesses whose purpose was just those women with a design stuck in their heads you don't know how to get rid of." The fucked-up part is it would have worked, too; the end of the Apocalypse would have taken care of this little problem by way of mass death of humanity. If that's not irony, he's not sure what is.
Amanda, blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail, glances toward the cabin, and for a moment, the blue-green eyes meet his; he looks away.  "The answer is no."
"Such nonsense," Sappho states, frowning. "You are of excellent health and sound of limb: he may wait a score of years in vain."
...!" Dean automatically blocks Sarah's exit and then hears the click of a safety followed by a strangled gasp before silence descends.  Kat's frozen, half on her knees, bloodshot eyes huge in her blood-streaked face, and the hardest thing Dean's ever done is keep his finger off the trigger.  Move, he tells her silently; one finger, that's all I need.
"Did that answer your question?" he asks politely, surreptitiously shifting his notes to the couch beside him along with the book and covering them with a convenient pillow.  "Why are you asking about snow?"
"Dean," Cas interrupts, "if you want surreal conversation, I can accommodate you, but I need several hours, as
"Be available for the next couple of hours," he says, nodding a dismissal before turning to Cas.  "I need to talk to you. Meet me in our room, okay?  I'm going to leave word with Jeremy in case we're needed."
In unholy emphasis of who exactly took care of Cas's human-training, Cas keeps his books and his weapons immaculate, the books kept in a tiny room off the kitchen that was probably a glorified utility closet in a former life with obviously recently augmented shelving.  Feeling masochistic, Dean pulls open the bedroom closet door to confirm the reason that he should never be placed in charge of a small child, a pet, a houseplant, or a Fallen angel unless the conditions are wartime and Sam is willing to be his fulltime co-parent.
He doesn't turn at the sound of the door opening, unable to look away from Haruhi, the despairing slump.   "Hey, Cas," Alicia says, followed by another set of footsteps that he confirms in peripheral vision is Teresa.  "Glad you could make it."
"Because her answer to us joining the Alliance was what put off whatever she saw," Dean argues. "That's what she told me, anyway."
He gets to the half-melted, broken remains of the tapes from the Impala, labels smeared to illegibility, and has to stop, shaking so hard the plastic rattles in his hands before repacking them between age-yellowed, ragged t-shirts and hex bags crumbling to dust at a touch, piles of fading papers and old credit cards, cracked leather wallets with half a dozen fake IDs and ink-stained notes.
"They are simple.  First, you will remain within the confines of the camp at all times and make no attempt to leave.  Before full dark, you will return to my cabin for the night," he answers, watching him carefully.  "Don't look so horrified; I assure you I won't be there when you are.  Otherwise, your time is your own to do with as you please.  As long as you wear those sigils and avoid egregious errors, you should remain undetected in the camp.  No one can know you are here, Dean; when you are not within the confines of this cabin or mine, you must be careful.  Do you agree to these terms?"
"--he's gotta come to heel," Dean finishes for him, smiling at him.  "And you did it just because you could."
"We don't know what made the attacks stop," he answers, tightening his grip on the barrel of his rifle, palm inexplicably sticky with sweat despite the crisp autumn weather.  "But I'm pretty sure we're almost out of time, yeah."
"Any sign of Red Dress?" Melanie asks, and Brenda shakes her head.  "I guess when we get out there, we'll know pretty fast if she stuck around."
"Or a person," Dean says quietly, wondering what they don't know about what might have happened with Jane, what she didn't report other than stalking.  And why would she, after all?  Once you're living in a camp where the team leaders were suspected murderers and given a pass, it's not exactly a jump to assume lesser crimes wouldn't even make the radar.
"A team is being assigned to Kamal, per the terms of the agreement Dean made with Ichabod on behalf of Chitaqua," Cas tells Alison.  "However, that assignment is pending the disclosure of your abilities to Joseph as Chitaqua's chief negotiator, Amanda as commander of those of Chitaqua's militia stationed in Ichabod, and Kamal as team leader, the latter two agreeing to remain here, and assurances from you that you don't intend to continue to violate the privacy of their minds without an acceptable reason."
Everyone goes to bed early--from Alison and Teresa's expressions, it's been a long day for them, too, or maybe they have the crazy idea that Dean's kind of pissed--and he patiently waits for Cas to fulfill his shower and brushing his teeth habits, wondering just how long it will take for him to--
"That would be Herman Melville and Shakespeare," Castiel answers blankly, almost ashamed of how surprised he is.  "How is your Dante?"
He didn't realize he was holding his breath until he lets it out.  "I never asked you what happened when you arrived at Chitaqua."
Dean insists on settling him back in bed despite the fact he's not at all tired and leaves him with a pile of written reports of the previous day to read.  Necessity has required artistry in presentation be sacrificed, but he does appreciate Joseph's summary of events of the morning and early afternoon.
"Why not?" Alison asks, enjoying herself just as much as Dean is. "Not like anything important is happening today."
"Deep breath, Cas," he adds in a more normal voice, resting his right arm on his upraised knees. "We got a few minutes before we need to work out what we're gonna do with this when we run out of Ichabod to destroy."
"Good enough.  If this were a tattoo or a brand, I'd say your ass," Melanie says to Amanda, "but sitting might rub even permanent marker off."
"I could care less about the mattress," Cas interrupts, dropping onto the side of the bed; that may be an answer in itself, but plausible deniability is everyone's friend.  "That would be the least of the attractions in this case."
"You didn't need to," he answers, looking at him, all expression smoothed away.  "It's exactly what I was doing and I apologize.  I'd hoped the last two weeks had made that clear when I raised no objections to you spending time in Ichabod, but apparently clarification was needed.  You're happier now, and I do approve of that very much."  He settles back, looking at Dean attentively, in case this wasn't already a nightmare in the making and it needed the help.  "Your judgment regarding Alison is superior to my own, of course.  If you feel she's safe, then there's no more to be said on the subject.
"It was reckless," she says.  "But it had to be done; I wouldn't leave the border at the mercy of a single monster.  And it worked."
"He doesn't," Dean says, sounding like he's forcing the words between his teeth.  "Look, this isn't easy, so cut me some slack, okay?"
"Self-mutilation is more common," Teresa answers, and Dean just stops himself from flinching, hand clenching into a fist against his knee to stop the urge to rub.  "Creative, but generally not harming themselves in a way that could limit their ability to comply.  That much, we can deal with medically."  She nods to Alicia.  "I'd like to see your notes, Alicia."
Like Cas, she looks better, too; the lines around her eyes are absent, mouth less thin, warming more easily in a smile, the ashen quality of her skin is almost gone, and he's pretty sure he's not imagining the bounce to her step.  Cas can hide just about anything he doesn't want seen; Dean could be ten seconds from dying and Cas would still be able to calmly tell him he'll be fine without a single tell to the contrary.  Vera's a pro and it shows, but after living with Cas, pretty much anyone else is a semi-open book, or at least a book in a human language he can actually eventually read. She thinks he's getting better, she's sure of it, sure enough that she's giving him openings to ask questions because she not only has answers, she likes the ones she'll be giving.
"Awesome." Dean gives him an exasperated look.  "Now, you gonna stop sulking like I forgot to bring you flowers and didn't take you to prom and
"I hope we wake up wearing rings with no memory of how it occurred," Castiel answers viciously, pleased to see Dean's smirk fade.  "And matching tattoos.  Applied during an obscure but ridiculously simple binding ritual and unbreakable for the length of our existence."
When Dean lowers the glass again, it's a knife. The hilt is wrapped in blood-stained leather shaped to Dean's hand; the blade shines in the dim light, thick with rust, and clotted with old blood and dripping fresh and new; it's formed of Dean's screams on the rack.  "When did you get that?"
As their mouth falls opens, she spits in their face then twists the blade until it grates on bone and jerks downward in a long arc, gutting them before finishing a castration that finally makes them scream. Jerking her blade back out, she watches them fall, their agony washing through her in sensuous waves.  All this time, the grinding misery of helping to break souls was only that; this, though, this is
Picking up a clean cloth from the supply he brought--his own efforts were a very valuable lesson in what is needed for people at construction sites--he hands it to Dean, who wets it from the bottle before wiping his face and neck.  Despite the rapidly cooling weather, the lack of wind and rain have kept the days remarkably pleasant, enough so that most of the workers have stripped to thermal shirts and t-shirts to dig.  It's excellent exercise for Dean, he reflects, watching him take another long drink as Alicia bounces into the slowly deepening hole to trade off with Matt and attack the ground with a shovel with cheerful enthusiasm.
"Uh."  She looks between them, rocking between anger and bafflement. "What did Zack tell you?  Tell him I'll apologize when I find them."
"That didn't help."  Scowling, she leans back in her chair, regarding him over the width of the desk, and Dean fails to maintain even fake hostility in the face of her genuine worry.  Cas wasn't wrong about Dean's biases here (though Cyn isn't what he'd call case in point; she's got issues and a team leader for an ex, for fuck's sake), but he can think of much worse ways to judge people than how they treat Cas, and he doesn't mean just not having the five percent reaction (with new and improved homicidal tendencies attached).  "That shouldn't have happened, Dean."
you ran away from danger: must feel like forever."  Carol used her anger, Micah's using--lawyer powers or something, but point is, they're way too willing to talk and he doesn't like it.  "Who was your contact?"
"Yes, it was fascinating, but there's something else I'd like to check.  May we?"  Nate exchanges confused glances with Mira before nodding, and he feels Alison's hand touch his, projecting curious agreement.  "Thank you both. Nate, concentrate on your last memory of being in the attic.  Alison, are you ready?"
Emet looks at her expressionlessly, then inclines his head to the door. "I would speak to you, Sempronia.  The rest of you, continue in my absence."
There were many reasons he didn't mean to live beyond Dean's death and hoped to precede him if at all possible, not least of which was what it would feel like when that bond broke.  The eternal seconds between the death of Dean and this Dean's arrival are seared into his memory so deeply he can barely think of it without nauseous horror, like an abyss opening up beneath him that promised not oblivion but tortures that even Hell could not hope to match.
"It's a stupid fucking question," Dean interrupts.  "Answer's yes and always has been.  Now tell me--"
Dean tips his head sideways, crosses his arms, and waits, expression reflecting exaggerated patience.
He briefly considers just how much alcohol he's had tonight, but depressingly, he's pretty sure that's not why he knows exactly what she means.  What he's started to suspect--vaguely, but he's pretty certain he's right--is only confirmed by what she's told him.
"You wouldn't be the first who has had to do so, nor the last," he answers.  "I don't doubt at all you could do it, and do it well."
He doesn't just need hunters to do this; he needs hunters who can work together, trust each other, not just know the job but all the possible ways to get it done.  So when they fight, they don't die, because they have time and three other people to find another option.
this happen.  And it's not getting any calmer, either; if anything, it's getting worse, and from the way all their fingers tremble on the triggers, it's taking everything in them
"Rattlesnakes," she answers.  "Just you, a bag, and every rattler you could want.  Winner gets the most bagged."
"It's not authorized, he won't like her fucking around, and you'll think of something to do with those two things," Alicia says quickly.  "So, you ready for Micah's perp walk? I am."
"Shower here isn't restricted," Dolores tells him.  "There's some sweats in there--Karl's, I think--so wear those when you go back to headquarters."
"Three years and change," Dean agrees, because his Hell to Earth math is pretty damn good.  "How long would it take him to gather an army?"
Dean slowly straightens and shakes out his right hand, knuckles raw and threaded with fresh blood that's echoed on Mark's split lip.
Assume all of them are speaking God's own truth. "You," he says to Remington, and immediately raises his hands higher at the jerk of the barrel.  "What's after you?"
"He kept asking for Alicia," Kamal explains as they reach the bottom and make a right, passing the door leading to the (empty) swimming pool and gym.  "Every ten minutes, almost like clockwork."
"I'm sorry," Dean tells him hoarsely, watching his fingers leave bloody smears on skin the color of paper. "I didn't know, I swear.  When I told you--I didn't know.  Please, Cas,
; the teams were picked by seniority, but the two most senior, Sarah and Mel, both opted to stay behind, so they ended up with Kyle, Alicia, James, and Sean, plus Joe (as half his team's in Ichabod and Mike asked permission to stay with Sheila for their first New Year's while wearing the most hideous orange mittens Dean's ever seen: so it really is the thought that counts), Vera, and five people not on the patrol teams. Five.
Coming in behind her, he sees Drew slumped against the left wall on a sleeping bag, the position of his arms behind him indicating they're bound and a torn bedsheet wrapped inexpertly around his thigh that's worryingly red.  Phil is curled on his side with his head in Drew's lap, arms also bound behind him and frighteningly still.
"I didn't know I could until--I felt it," Cas says, looking away.  "I knew all we had to do was keep you alive long enough for you to adapt; once you did, you would recover."
, because he sounds really goddamn amused.  Looking up, Dean is completely floored by the slight grin.  "You don't see the humor."
"Updating your records," she answers, pen hovering over the paper hopefully.  "Okay, would you call this an allergy, a sensitivity, or an interaction?"
"Hysterics?" Teresa says dangerously--that, Dean reflects, is what a tornado hitting F-fucking-5 sounds like when you and your entire goddamn town are about to be sucked in--setting the coffee cup on the table, which was totally a mistake; Cas gives one gentle push and she's in the chair that Alison ruthlessly pushes toward the table.  "You don't understand."  Then she pauses looking between them as Cas picks up Alison's empty cup and returns to finish the other cups and refill Alison's.  "Then you're not here because of Zack?"
"Why would they?" Cas answers reasonably, and for a moment, the blue eyes go on forever.  "I told you; I couldn't stop laughing."
"Cas, you make the patrol schedules now, and you've explained enough for me to do the math.  There were twelve regular patrol routes, but only four team leaders and their teams.  Either they didn't sleep, they were wizards, or they didn't actually lead patrol."
"She rose as a demon and is bound to you," he says.  "But if you think I don't know the value of that particular soul in Hell, you must be stupider than you seem to think I am.  There is no possible way my Brothers could have missed it, which means they don't even know she exists here yet.  You're hiding her, and I'd ask why, but as it's for someone else, that question is best left to them."
"Arming you, disarming you, the list goes on. Even doing our combined laundry carries--something of this, it's very odd.  I didn't realize I was being subtle," he adds.  "I'm not sure whether it's reassuring or depressing that you didn't notice, but it's consistent, at least."
after all; it's not like he had any idea that might eventually be relevant to his life and times.  "--Gloria.  Dude, we have a postman out here?"
Dusk is when Dad came for them, but he and Sam were here at dawn; the hours between were long enough to live a life they'd never imagined, as different from a lifetime of rest stops and motels as a motel pool was from the ocean.
"I knew I should have assigned someone to watch him, just for the hell of it.  Good practice, something." Her voice breaks on the last word before she composes herself.  "Goddamn it.  If there's a bullet, he's throwing himself in front of it.  Or a pair of teeth aimed at three year old."
"You might consider them a model for your future work in the field of clairvoyance."  Her flat stare tells him she might be considering burning them now.  "It's been a very stressful Apocalypse, and despite the fact I've been completely sober for the most recent part of it, the surreality has actually increased compared to when I spent it very drunk and very high."
When Cas finally looks at him again, Dean doesn't need to be told that this time it's not; worse, Cas is thinking again, and that means now Dean is, too.
Then someone is crouching beside him, hand touching his cheek gently, and despite the blur that's the extent of his current vision--tears of
--knowing who I am and taking notes the entire time without anyone noticing.  They live three to five to a cabin; how the hell would they hide it?  For that matter…."
Dean takes a long nap after the abrupt spike in his temperature lowers again with the application of ibuprofen, and Castiel loses some amount of time that afternoon watching him sleep.
"In any case, none of the caste of priests would lower themselves to consort with someone who called the Delta a
Nothing about her screams psychic engaged in manipulation for kicks and profit--though granted, she could be psychically manipulating him to believe just that--but paranoia is a survival trait here.  He might not notice, putting anything unusual to imagination, but Amanda and Mark are both hunters just like he is and live here full-time.  More than that, they're hunters who survived five years into the Apocalypse and were trained again at Chitaqua by a Fallen goddamn angel, and dealing with psychics was definitely part of the curriculum.  She might have been able to fuck with one of them, but not all three.
"--'cold box'," Cas agrees, and yeah, that's definitely an edge, "then no, she can't.  I assumed the sigils in the wards were entirely responsible for the mental component, but it seems that contamination itself causes that."  To Dean's surprise, Cas's mouth curves in a faint smile.  "What she said--it fits how a human might perceive me now.  A human psychic can't read an angel's mind, even in a vessel; our true form makes that…."
"Demons want to save the world?" Nate asks weakly, like he's not entirely sure he heard that correctly or--more likely--is rather terrified of the answer.
"No, oh God, no."  Cas blinks, looking startled.  "Uh--okay, quick lesson on people.  She's your friend, right?"  He nods slowly, which hey, progress. "And you're
Castiel takes a deep breath, looking into Dean's worried face in the light of the lamp on the other side of the bed.  He can feel the hand on his shoulder, each individual finger, the warmth of his skin, the concern in the green eyes; he can also see the ceiling where it should be above his bed.
"I'll go brief my team so they'll know where I'll be," Sarah says, not looking at Melanie.  "Talk to Kat a little.  It might help her to know that we're going after the person who caused Andy's death."
(he'll even let Cas bring his laptop to bed in this one never to be repeated special occasion) and let Cas have his head.  Surrealist conversation, he can do that; meandering historical anecdotes with startling (if not always entirely clear) relevance to their lives, he can do that, too; raid Cas's stash, roll him a couple of joints, get some tortillas, and make a night of it, he's in.
"Yeah, that sounds kinda familiar," he agrees in resignation.  "Though it's been like, five minutes, so thanks for catching me up.  Where's the conduit, Cas?"
"They're after Alicia," Dean says once he catches his breath, watching Amanda carefully.  Like nothing else, this has really brought home to him how good they are at this and how little he knows, but he's learning fast, and from the look on his face, he's not wrong.  Fuck, and it was already going so badly. "It's like they don't even see the rest of us, even Matt when he's shooting them in the face.  They're following her every move."
Castiel hesitates, and this time, Crowley's not surprised at the lack of discipline; watching Castiel finally settle back down beneath the slow, soothing strokes, he wonders if there's ever been a single Master who could use the carrot so well the stick was simply the lack of it.  Start as you mean to go on and Dean's started very well indeed.
She blinks, looking surprised.  "You're kidding, right?  This is Dean Winchester we're talking about here.  For one, he's ripping them a new one for--"
"Have you thought about why you took the time to think up a logical, scientific excuse to feed Dean yet?"
"Fuck you, that was after I read Joe and Ana for half a goddamn day to make sure what they said matched what they thought!" she snaps.  "The only reason Joe even got a hearing with us was because Danny knew I'd find out what you really meant to do so we could be ready for it."  She sits back in her chair, hazel eyes hard.  "I'm not apologizing for using everything I have to keep us safe.  That's survival."
Cas nods, eyes closing in honest to God relief, and just like that, Dean loses any motivation to stay pissed.  "None of them have any experience in patrol except James, and they felt inadequate in their new duties.  Despite my best efforts while sober, they didn't seem encouraged by my assurance they would improve with time."
"She was one of ours, and--it's funny, this is part our training, dealing with one of our own going bad, it's part of our promise to the earth, but it'd been generations since it happened. I did the bindings before I left, I had her blocked, but either I wasn't careful enough--which is very possible--or she was stronger than we thought.  While I was on a job, she called something that she couldn't control--which was the point, though it wouldn't have been better if she could--and let it loose on the border.  It was too fast to even contain, much less stop, and it just got stronger and stronger--and of course, for the first time in memory, someone not one of us noticed what was going on at the border and cared enough to investigate and try to help." She gives them a rueful look.  "They were good, too; figured out just enough to be dangerous to themselves but not enough to do anything, and wouldn't stop trying.  And smart enough to know it and work out something was missing, doubly dangerous.  It was either call me back--and hope the death count didn't get worse and that's assuming I'd be in time to do anything--or roll the dice and see if the guy who knew just a little too much could deal with knowing it all.  And be willing to give that up when he was done.  That's two dice with a hundred sides each, and genuine surprise, we got snake eyes."
"You didn't want me here, you would have already done your vanishing act again," Dean replies, careful to hug the wall of the former convenience store Castiel is sitting against and avoiding anything that might be in his line of sight.  "Not like you haven't been jumping all over this goddamn town.  Alison's pissed."
"Cultivate that," Vera advises him.  "It's a rare and very valuable trait.  I don't know either, to be honest. Alicia thought it was a good idea, though, if that helps.  Give her something to focus on outside herself and not get lost in her own head, and yes, that's a quote."
"So not entirely unlike my previous experiences with New Years'."  Dean seesaws the bottle.  "Or from the bars I used to patronize when we needed information."
Dean nods, unbelievably grateful Cas made him lie down when the room does something a lot like spinning in place.  "Exactly.  I'll make it an order."
And that, as it turns out, is a lot; there aren't any limits on the human mind except the ones they make for themselves.
"It wasn't you," Cas corrects him with a shake of his head. "I stopped reading it before you became ill so I could start translating it into English.  I meant to give it to you when I reached the point I stopped, but I was going to ask Kamal to review it first, as modern English isn't my native tongue."
Dean licks his lips with a tongue that feels like sandpaper and fails at ignoring the fact that's denim under his cheek and so fucking not a couch.
Dean cocks his head; Haruhi couldn't actually see Hellhounds (he hopes).  "Haruhi really kept a close watch, huh?"
Then she lets them go with a smile, like a breath of wind, leaving the Forum shocked, dazed, breathless, awed.  His companion was right; a Gracchi did walk the Forum again this day, and like her sons before her, she fucking
Her hands suddenly tighten around his, skin like warm sand and running water, calluses like stones, and the too-vivid memories of burial in solid earth and being unable to breathe fade, replaced with the thin, cold air at the peak of a mountain, surrounded by open sky; that's the earth, too.  He's standing up to his ankles in a bubbling brook, breathing evergreens in a quiet forest; the scorching heat of the open desert closes around him, the heat of the sun beating on the back of his neck; there's miles of ice around him, cold air filling his lungs with every breath as polar bears swimming among ice floes nearby; crouching on the edge of Varkala Cliff in southern India with the taste of salt in his mouth, the Arabian Sea spread out before him; South Padre at night, the beach brilliant with lights from the hundreds of houses and hotels lining the shores of the Gulf of Mexico; he's in Constanza's garden with a dozen kids ten and under, playing tag under the early morning sun; and finally, he's in the familiar warmth of late spring in Kansas, fields of corn that spread out forever.
"Which part?" The oldest girl--Jessica, got it--asks Cas something, dark head tilted curiously; there and gone, amusement flickers over Cas's face, but he answers with the seriousness of profound dialogue, and she sits back, satisfied.  "Only thing I couldn’t figure out was how the hell he got that goddess to go along with this, but if Alison and Lucifer can't read his mind, good luck a goddess getting through." Too bad it would be two years and change and a meeting with fucking Lucifer to find out about that little trick again.  "Not bad for a plan made up on the spot; it worked perfectly."
Joe isn't Cas; they have lunch on the coffee table like sane people and not ones that Cas absorbed from Vera and a lot of sitcoms.  He waits for Joe to drag the chair over and sit down before saying over his sandwich (something green, something meat, spreading no idea and thank God), "So you almost stabbed yourself to death with a butter knife during training?"
Alicia doesn't look up but her mouth quirks. "You know, he explained to me a week ago how fancy knife dances don't prep you for real fighting?"
The entire length of what had been Third Street has been appropriated for the celebration, the western end designated as the official entrance area, where new arrivals drop off their passengers before making their way around Ichabod to the adhoc parking just southeast of the northern fields.
Crowley's expression sours further. "I can already see this will be lovely.  Don't fancy you as my only company, either, but I suppose that's still better than none at all."
"I’m leaning that way myself." He debates for a long moment, but hey, no time like the present.  "You sure it was a good idea to tell them about the most evil psychic ever now?"
"When one is stressed and in need of intensive not-thinking, one informs one's friends and/or teammates that is what one will be doing," she recites.  "And not hide in one's bedroom with the door locked and furniture blocking it when they come to find out why one is being a dick."
Dean's bent over this time, feeling the ache of overused muscles pretty much everywhere, even places he didn't think muscles existed.  He manages to straighten, turning to walk circles as he surreptitiously searches the misty field, wondering when the trainees are supposed to show up and hoping to God it's not anytime soon.  Semi-private humiliation is one thing, but he can live without half of goddamn Ichabod seeing him about to fall over and die from goddamn
"Alicia really is a dead zero," she answers with a faint smile.  "It wasn't that, but it was something with them.  And another thing that lends credence to Micah--Erica hated him."
"I'm in," she agrees, turning sideways in obvious anticipation, and if he's not mistaken, Sarah seems to brighten.
. While you make many decisions every day as a person and mayor--major and minor--there is very little that is affected by your decision alone, and something like this--"
"I can control her," he answers shortly, but once again, that flicker, there and gone.  "She'll learn. They all will."
"So you just pulled 'Ichabod' out of thin air?" Dean asks Alison dubiously as he follows her toward the city square, feeling dusty and awkward and like he should be a lot more impressive as the leader of  Kansas's only working army against Lucifer.  "What was the name of the town before, anyway?"
"The Misborn are here for me."  Nate licks his lips.  "Not stupid.  Only reason you would have--eased into it.  An why it didn't come up at the meeting."
"While you're still sick," he continues, more for his own amusement than anything else.  "Is the cabin acceptable or would you prefer I--"
"Mind some company?" Vera says from the steps of her small porch a few feet away.  He tilts his head to look at her, the easy smile that means the offer is genuine; she won't be offended if he prefers solitude.  At his nod, she comes down the steps, two bottles swinging from one hand and two extremely plaid blankets over one arm.  "I figured I'd give you half an hour before I stopped pretending I didn't know you were sitting out here and you entered 'cry for help' territory."
"You think checking my prophecies will really help?" Chuck asks Cas suddenly.  "I mean, even if we know how he got here, sending him back--"
"They're rabid dogs," Alistair says.  "The only difference between them and Spot and Fido is the number of legs."
He ran through endless rooms both within linear time and not at all, and House was grateful for that tiny bit of itself inside Nate that made this possible.  It created miles of new rooms for Nate to enter that had no more than the most superficial resemblance to reality, stairs that went up and sideways and sometimes it confused up and down and everything else as well, but Nate was used to such things and gravity, in any case, had always been more a suggestion than anything.  It destroyed everything after his passage, but it wasn't enough; what Winchester House gave Nate they could smell, he was unique; they could track him anywhere in that endless house.
"It's bullshit," Dean snaps automatically.  "He's himself, and that's a lot more human than a lot of people I've met."
Turning his cup in his hand, Dean cocks his head, looking at him.  "You get--the auction, whatever--it doesn't mean anything. It's--presale, doesn't mean you'll…that's not where you're going, Cas, come on."
Teresa stares at him challengingly, then sits back, a smile playing around her mouth.  "That's why I
"Down the street somewhere," Joe answers.  "At least until Nicole finishes rehooking whatever needs hooking in the one downstairs off the gym.  Alonzo is going to work on the kitchen when he goes off duty at noon, no idea why, but I assume he knows.  Kind of like having interns, now that I think about it, but they're actually useful."
"She's still a reminder," he answers slowly.  "When I see her fight, I think of my instructor at Alpha, and the other hunters who passed their skills to me, as I did to her, as she does now for others."  Of Dean, who taught him his first lessons in humanity by example before he taught him how to be a hunter and teach others.
how not surprised I am," Dean assures him earnestly, looking as if he's thinking of something else entirely and finds it extremely funny. "So basically, he taught you like Dad taught us.  Just faster."
"You're leaving?  Tomorrow?" she asks in dramatic example of stating the obvious.  "Why? Because I can't sleep?  My life, welcome to it.  I told you, it's not that bad…."
"Yeah, but you can see that cattle trail. Check it out--they marked it in just in case.  Along with how to get here." Reaching down, Dean traces the thicker darkness--Christ, they must have gone blind using this--that appears on the four roads that converge on the single working road that goes into Ichabod.  "This is our original, right?"
"When I was angel," he continues, "it wouldn't have mattered.  Grace makes all things possible.  I could have shown you everything in a thought.  I could have controlled it for you until you believed you could do it yourself."
"Keeping in mind all these people just came from terror in the mess to terror in isolation due to suspected Croat and therefore not rational--and can't blame them--they were startlingly consistent in describing it in versions that can be summarized as 'felt like forever'."  Alicia sets her chin on her hand, watching Cas.  "Their reaction to being told the actual timeline was much like Cas's, as in, no, we were so very wrong let us tell you how much and at length, which from my side did indeed feel like forever.  Naresh noted that very interesting tidbit in the spirit of the one single part of this where consensus was reached on the event in question and therefore super weird, since that doesn't happen with three people describing the same thing much less one hundred and nineteen.  And in case this wasn't obvious; only the people in the mess itself, including Haruhi, seemed curiously unable to tell even semi-accurate time."
"I already unofficially said yes," Cas adds, and Dean turns slightly to see him leaning back in his chair, one boot braced on the edge of the table and reading through the stack of reports at light speed.  He looks up, pushing his hair out of his eyes to give Dean the most solemn look in history.  "Alison seemed stressed."
Cas reaches out, plucking the sock ball off the floor and unnecessarily taking the time to stand up and carry it to the crate to dutifully drop it inside before surveying the piles of clothing around it that result from his usual blind general-direction throw.  Dean watches incredulously as Cas begins to actually straighten up, which historically has required both Dean and Vera to point out at least five times before he actually notices.  And yeah, Dean does know he's channeling Sam these days, but this is Cas and if Dean's gotta take the nuclear option when it comes to living conditions, he'll do it and like it.
He licks his lips.  "What you touched was antithetical to Creation, to existence itself.  The human mind isn't designed to retain a memory of nothing, which is the definition of what you sensed.  Patrol's probably seen it several times by now, but they wouldn't have remembered anything unusual about the crossroad, even if they had touched it.  Their minds don't want to."
"That's not what...." She stops, probably because she can't work out how to explain she didn't think about it, wouldn't have given a fuck if she did and doesn't now, but does realize hey, that does seem kind of shitty. "You don't think they deserved to know?"
"Yeah, that's why I'm here."  Alicia hops up on the table, legs swinging cheerfully as she sets down several folders, a stapled mass of papers, and a library book:
"Works for me."  Looking around, she nods. "Okay, we're done until three; remember to report to Admin hourly and that goes for your replacements when they go on duty.  Tony, Naresh, Lanak: give me a few minutes before you go so I can update Admin's logs."
"Have a little faith, Joe."  Reaching over the arm of the couch, Dean retrieves a rough stack of papers, some crumpled and with visible water stains; on top is a series of faded Xeroxes, much folded and worn.  Startled, Castiel straightens, just remembering not to ask where Dean got them.  "Locations, floor plans, and where they kept everything, or as much as I could see during my visits.  Think I'd send you out blind?"
She comes to herself on the floor, gasping, shaking so hard she barely avoids knocking her head into the stone.
"Drew," Alicia says coaxingly, kneeling beside him, and his eyes flicker open, dazed but alert: only blood loss, he hopes.
"Interrogators," Amanda says, looking like she regrets reminding him but not as much as she wanted to say pretty much anything to get out of that silence.
"Awesome."  Dean sniffs moistly and, looking alarm, retreats to the bedroom, and Castiel decides to pretend this isn't happening for as long as humanly possible.
Mark and Leah are charged with the responsibility of caring for Chitaqua's private liquor supply, nodding obediently at Dean's order to protect it with their own lives if necessary.  Looking pleased with the flagrant abuse of power, Dean's head snaps around as the smell of cooking meat strengthens, frowning at Amanda's reminder that it will be at least an hour before the time designated for dinner.
the box?" she offers mischievously, and he's unwillingly reminded of this afternoon; it's been a very long time since he experienced a human mind like that, and never one like hers.  "The box thing, I have no idea where that came from."
"Yeah, no."  He holds Bushmaster's eyes, making a fist and listening to the sound of bone being crushed to dust, nothing left but a sack of pulped meat hanging from its wrist.  Catching the gun before it hits the floor and goes off by accident--he's got some on-purpose plans here--he sends it toward the wall and takes a moment to enjoy the sound of Bushmaster screaming, face nearly purple. "Be right back," he assures Cas, stripping the bullets from all the guns just in case and throwing them with the rest.  "Gotta do this first, then we'll get started, how's that sound?  Wait for me."
"That's true," she answers, and Dean sees Joe go still.  "In which case, we'll leave at dawn without him."
"The mission, the war, this camp," she agrees, smoke trickling from between her lips with every word.  "Your life.  He was pretty upset when we talked."
Screwing the new tailpipe into place, he peers at Cas between his upraised knees.  "Shitty dream, happy?"
"Infinity."  He doesn't laugh when her mouth drops open, but it's very hard.  "The space around it is in abeyance--potential, unused, still waiting for form.  What will be infinity once it's filled."
"Saw it the first time, counted three: Manuel said that was all that were there today, I asked before I came back."  She jerks her head toward the exit.  "Now, time for you to go before Dean--"
Cas's eyebrows jump.  "Assuming a successful sacrificial circle could even be drawn around wards created by an acolyte of the earth…."
"There's gotta be a moral in this," Dean admits, "but for the record: Cas, your drug habit?  Awesome."
Distantly, he's aware of Dean unzipping their coats, but the first brush of chill air is almost immediately replaced by the warmth of his body, palm curving over his hip and waist before sliding around his back and under his sweater to settle against the small of his back, only the thin barriers of a thermal shirt and t-shirt between the warm pressure of Dean's fingers and his skin.
He examines the idea again, looking for flaws, before building the entirety of human progress in his mind in a timeline, removes interference by the Host and various human-created gaps in their development, and sets the limits of technological advancement as it is now; if they can't reproduce it themselves, it's of limited future use.  That doesn't narrow it down nearly as much as he worried it would, but abundance has its own disadvantages.  Scrolling through the elements, he returns to the most basic.
He really, really, really should say 'No' or even (and more accurately), 'Fuck, no', but the words are still floating in his head as he faces Mark, who may not be better than Amanda but is plenty and to spare better than him.
Staring at the yellow-edged pages, he thinks about that; for some reason, he never really thought about the date other than assuming that before they came here they were moving around so much before that he didn't bother keeping a record.  Which come to think was a stupid goddamn assumption.
"He's yours, Master," she says, and he can actually hear the centuries-long struggle in her voice.  "You're my Master, and he rules beside you by your decree; that makes him my Master, too. That is the only thing that matters."
"Because I got word my second ordered the gate open, and I had to come back to find out what the hell was going on," Dean answers in the same cool voice.  "Now half of Chitaqua's in isolation--"
When Dean returns, there's a grim set to his mouth that discourages commentary, seating himself on the couch and doing a quick inventory of the kit with an expression of reluctant satisfaction before taking out the gauze and tape, alcohol and a small tube of antibiotic added to the pile as well as a small pair of scissors.
"Then it might be time to resume my education in my mother's less-questionable craft," Sappho says, meeting Sempronia's approving eyes. "With my mistress's permission, of course; she would like me to...." She trails off, looking pained. "Why would a patrician Cornelia want her servant to learn from local witches?"
Opening the door, he stumbles out, and only belatedly becomes aware he's still standing on wood, not concrete.  Looking around, he tries to make sense of what he's seeing.  There's no concrete or asphalt or cars, no sound of the highway, no stretch of starry sky, just a room he's never seen before, and dimly, a blurry figure stretched out on the couch that sits up, head turning in slow-motion to look at him.
"Give up?" he finishes, not quite able to hide the edge in his voice.  "You thought I was going to."
Nate wrinkles his nose.  "As long as I was clear about that, yeah. One day, though, went in the front door straight into the attic.  My fault: I was distracted by top floor being…sort of half not there, and it was distracted by--something, not sure. It brought it back when I--uh." His eyes unfocus.  "There were these giant windows, even the ceiling was windows, and outside it was…."
"Yes, please," he says, then looks around the room and realizes something's missing.  "Where's Dean?"
, those are fighting words, "--would have some basic awareness of the earth's intentions.  It's not as if it's
Half-way through their joint appreciation of Vera's professional version of 'no one can be this stupid' regarding a particularly uncomfortable splinter (very large, rather jagged) he forgot about for two days, he feels the warning throb returns.
"I kind of do," Dean admits, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck before shaking himself.  "Until you get a chance to draw your own copy, can you tell me anything else?"
"I do have to go," Dean counters.  "These people made an agreement with us, and I think they deserve to see the guy who signed off on it."
"Tomorrow," he says shortly; perhaps by then, he may be able to frame a better explanation of why one doesn't give consent to even Fallen angels to do what they will, since historically
Dean nods, getting to his feet and starting to gather up the empty dishes. "Grab your boots and we'll go check."
Joe nods, stepping back as she vanishes into the brush in a flicker of red, and looks at Dean and Cas thoughtfully.  "That was interesting."
.  Giving up (there will be opportunities, per Cas), he crosses to the bed, pointing tiredly at the chair. "Sit down.  So, whatcha got?"
"Under the circumstances, that may be our only hope of discovering anything about how this happened." Cas's eyes never leave the road, but Dean sees his hands tighten on the steering wheel and wonders if there are fingerprints in the metal from when he does that.  "Moving in time and space can have an effect on memory retention.  Retrograde amnesia is not uncommon in humans."
Settling on the ridge facing the camp walls, bare feet braced comfortably against the incline, Dean hooks the bag around a loose nail before he frowns, craning his neck to look at Castiel expectantly.  "You gonna stand there all night?"
"You know that there's a very thin line between violence and sex?" he answers, tilting his head and biting back a smile at Dean's expression.  "I can confirm it's almost non-existent.  Humanity did come with some perks."
"I'm not subject to human morality in any form," he says slowly.  "Angels exist in a state of Grace; we cannot sin, for our actions are always just."
"Yeah, I was," Dean answers to his surprise, looking up as he tosses the reports onto the bed.  "Why the hell would I care when she showed up? I wanted to send her to Ichabod
"--and apparently it would break the mood if I requested one be filled out completely before sexual congress commenced to avoid the potential for such situations.  There are so many rules, and most of them make no sense at all; how on earth did your species make such a mess of something so incredibly enjoyable, not to mention convenient?  It took effort to do this, and worse, it was entirely voluntary on your part.  Nothing in your original design explains it, and your history seems to imply an unhealthy and frankly
"Dean!" his companion shouts, and Dean turns around. Following her gaze, he looks up, up, and up at--
"I don't know," he answers, and if Dean's not crazy--which is a real possibility now--there's regret in his voice.  "Dean's team leaders did know what they were doing when they made contract, at least. All names are locked until all their contracts are complete, for reasons you can guess."
"Actually, I can."  Teresa's eyes narrow.  "The formalities required of an angel when interacting with Creation--which includes the earth and all that concerns it--no longer apply.  It's a matter of courtesy, and I'm willing to discard that at need or simply for spite.  This would be need, but spite isn't off the table."
"It wasn't his fault." Pretty much exactly the answer he expected.  "To hear him talk, Micah did it all when it wasn't Carol, and not saying Carol's not a competent fucking sociopath, but it'd be a trick to do some of it from a wheelchair."
"Bullshit, you're trying your damndest," she says acidly.  "Talk about not being subtle, you could take prize in it."
"And four confirmed demon deaths."  Cas takes a breath.  "They didn't know demons could be killed."  Dean assumes his expression conveys his interest and not wondering what the point is.  "Fifty Croats is enough to quarantine a city; the spread of infection is so fast there
She shrugs, and he wonders how to explain how rare that is in a psychic, especially a new one.  Telepaths, especially powerful ones, rarely develop any ethical standard without either guidance or corrective discipline, and much depends on the early creation of habit to avoid slipping by accident.  Pamela is his only practical experience with one, but she'd been exposed to hunters from a very early age, and her abilities had developed over the course of her life, allowing her to learn to control herself before they became a danger to others.  Even Sam Winchester, the eternal exception to any rule that ever existed, didn't use them without thought, and while the Host--and Castiel--distrusted him, he never doubted his intentions.  That he slipped was not a surprise, of course, but unlike the Host, Castiel was perfectly willing to admit even then while there's always a choice, it would have been of infinite value to Sam to know that choice existed instead of being expected to intuit it from the ether.
"Then it occurred to me," he adds thoughtfully when Dean's still nodding along, "that actually, I could."
"Like I said, that's what I was thinking," Joe agrees.  "If anything that happened in that room was because of me, that is."
"Why would he…." Noting Alicia's averted eyes and faint flush, he just manages not to close his eyes in sheer disbelief.  "Who's currently on patrol?"
and detonators now, what the hell?  He's gonna have to talk to Ana; if anyone gets to play with plastic explosives, it should be him).
That must have sounded convincing--and it's true, he thinks, so why wouldn't it be?--because she smiles back.  "Thanks.  Cas said you would be gone until tomorrow, but if you want my report now--"
"I talked to your husband." Her expression doesn't change.  "Yesterday, before the Croats attacked, you were going to kill him."
"And the parents?" Dean hears himself ask in a voice way too calm for how he's feeling right now.  "They're okay with this?"
"They fuck with my head."  He wants to argue the point, but he knows from experience that the benefits of pain relief won't compensate for the inevitable result of artificial sedation.  Dean has few defenses against what haunts his sleep far too many nights, and he won't risk compromising Dean's ability to awaken himself or Castiel doing it for him if needed.  Having now experienced the something of the range of what dreams can do, he understands far better why a lack of escape is not something to be discarded with impunity.  "So?"
"A fine daughter," Cornelia says approvingly as the cart continues, and Publius and Sappho share a glance.  "The son makes excellent progress, but that's no surprise; the child's grandfather was my father's body servant and was very quick indeed.  He was freed in my father's will, of course, and entered my husband's service as a freedman on my marriage.  For his good work, we paid to have him placed in a rural tribe instead of one of the urban ones so his vote would count.  Well educated men who think are needed by Rome.  Would that we do away entirely with the bias that places freedman in the four urban tribes; no matter the citizenship of their birth, they are Roman now."  Cornelia makes a face. "Ridiculous."
"She's a very quick learner, but technically speaking, I'm not a psychic, she's not an angel, and context is lacking.  I thought after meeting Teresa that she would be enough, but I'm not sure."
He's mostly drifting on a sea of sleepy procrastination when a thump penetrates, waking him up enough to remind him that sleeping in his clothes is fine but he's got to at least remove his boots.  Sighing, he pushes up on an elbow just in time to see Cas peeling off his thermal shirt, leaving him in only a t-shirt, and stops short.
"Nine," Amanda says briefly. "At least, until we get our non-regular patrol members organized, so set the potential number at eleven."
Dean takes a drink of water, fighting down the temptation to verbalize her relationship with sheep in Yiddish, via Joe being awesome.  "You scared Cas last night."
"His breathing--it slowed down."  A little, anyway: even Dean can tell Cas is either starting to feel it, or is going to very soon.  "Okay, now what?"
"Your interruption is forgiven," Cas tells him magnanimously, inclining his head toward Mira.  As Joe pushes off the door, he adds graciously, "She may keep Nate's boot, of course."
"Of course she did."  Vera's antipathy couldn't survive long when pitted against Dean now, and only a small part of it was Dean's conscious efforts with her, as well as Joseph and Alicia and everyone else he has met here.  However, he has to admit that he didn't expect it to reach the stage of exchanging gossip, though in retrospect, he can't imagine why.  "You will inform me if we end up married at some point?  When it's happening, if at all possible, but within twenty-four hours seems a more realistic goal."
From the other side, Castiel nods agreement to what they both know is true; this won't happen again.  It will be a variety of different things, but apparently not quite yet.
"Cas's candles," Alicia says, looking pleased with herself,. "I read Wendy's notes: really cool, and Cas totally zens on them.  So did I in his and Dean's room, really nice.  Minty."  She looks at Cas.  "Kept Dean calm, too, though he wouldn't admit it.  Residue sticks, too; probably why despite Chitaqua HQ probably being all infected people--except new arrivals, but they will be soon--well, Kat anyway, if the noise from our room is anything to go by--where was I?"
"Oddly, very little," he answers, folding his arms over Dean's legs.  "When fighting a challenger for one's chattel--"
"More like it stopped there." Dean shifts uncomfortably, rubbing his palm against his knee one last time before closing it around the neck of his bottle.  "The tracks stopped like it hit a wall or something."
"She'll be the third kid in my building, so everyone's excited," Anyi says happily. "I left word with Anthi, so there'll definitely be a party tonight."  With a sigh, she gets reluctantly to her feet.  "I better get back out there.  We're starting to get fights among those coming in, and Naresh already has two teams helping us keep everything under control."
"He followed the script," Erica says. "Right up until the end.  Next thing I knew, he threw in a couple more.  Once negotiations started, I couldn't do a thing until they were done.  And after that...."
She wiped her eyes impatiently. "That demon would have killed Grant anyway, we both know that; the kind that goes in for human sacrifice make sure the meatsuit's fucked before they leave, voluntary or not. All Dean did was cut short what it would have made Grant do before it let him die.  How Dean did it…." She shrugged helplessly.  "Details.  For now, if his mind thinks he shouldn't remember it, I'd say it knows better than we do what he can handle. Which I'm pretty sure you already figured out on your own."
"Thanks," she whispers, getting unsteadily to her feet, and Castiel follows her into the hall, watching her lean back against the wall, head bent.  Her tank top, like her hands and the thighs of her jeans, are soaked in blood.  "Why didn't I see it?"
"Good," Dean says lazily, turning his head enough to breathe the last word against Cas's lips.  Reaching up and back to tangle his fingers in the dark hair, he slides his tongue into Cas's welcoming mouth.  He can feel Cas hard against his ass; yeah, he's not the only one.  Kicking back the blankets, he pushes back against it and catches his breath at the slide of Cas's cock, tip leaving a cooling wet streak.  "Gonna do something about that?"
"He's fine," Alicia answers soothingly, scooping up the used needles and debris and depositing them in the trash before stripping off her gloves and adding them as well.  Grabbing a stool, she returns to the other side of the bed and sits down.  "Bullet took a downward angle and the scenic route, but it's just a very deep graze, that's all.  Don't worry; Dean watched me while I checked you and stitched you up." Her expression is suddenly eerily reminiscent of Vera's.  "Follow your doctor's instructions--hey, that's my new title, who needs medical school when you got EMT training back when?--and it should heal fine and my report will mention you were a good patient."  Castiel nods, scanning her for any potential injuries or any restrictions in movement that indicate deep bruising.  She frowns at him and glances down at herself.  "What?"
"Yep."  He feels like he should do something, but what, no idea.  Dolores appears on the other side of the bed, taking out a penlight to checks the man's pupils, mouth tightening grimly at whatever's going on.
--Christ, how big is this villa?--but she's not hard to follow this time, just follow the trail of baffled and startled servants staring in the right direction.  Dean watches in admiration as people jump out of her path and even the furniture seems to step back; Sempronia marches through the villa like an invading army.  A single glance sends the steward scrambling back several feet when he tries to stop her when Sempronia reaches the
. "Each of our vehicles is outfitted with a full arsenal for a reason, and everyone has a private arsenal of their own weapons.  There's no excuse for not being in practice with every one of them."
"You two need a few minutes?" Dean asks curiously, starting to enjoy himself; it's not been a great deal so far, and he'll take what he can get.  "Me and Alison can go get some breakfast--mess should be open.  Chitaqua's, anyway.  We could bring you back some tea."
Dean snorts as he shrugs on his coat and comes down the steps, glancing up at the sky; the faint rainbow streaks seem faded, somehow, and while it's not snowing now, there's definitely a feeling more is coming.  They're almost out of time.
Dean opens his mouth to ask about that, then sees Alicia on the other side of the creepy marble office and stops short, door swinging closed behind them with a thump.  "What's she doing here?"
"…when I'm done with their minds, they won't be able to find their asses with both hands! Or remember what asses
"Cas said to tell you he'll be running late today," Vera says finally, eyeing the stack of reports Dean's failed to make any appreciable dent in (seriously,
"The beginning, yeah." Five acts and an intermission: seriously, if that was just the start, what the hell happened next?  Why does he want to know?
"Your body," Dean corrects him, wishing Cas would fucking look at him already.  "Just--be careful, is all I'm saying."
"Her entire family was killed by her boyfriend," he says, nodding and filing away the name.  "He was a Luciferite, yeah, I know."
Cas pauses at the foot of the coffee table, looking in the direction of the mattress for a moment, which Dean, in a moment of inspiration, interprets as trying to figure out which one he might have to kill to get some real estate there (Joe's larger and much less dangerous, but who will take over the border runs?).
"I think so, but let me check," Melanie says, waiting until he's removed sweater, thermal, and tank top and sitting before checking the broad expanse of his back.  Resting her hand between his shoulder blades, she frowns, eyes distant.  "Okay, same as Amanda: start now." As Joe repeats Amanda's movements, Melanie runs her hand down his back and then back up, pausing just above where she'd stopped on Amanda.  "Here. Sarah?"
"The one you cleaned up on at poker last night? Yep," Amanda answers, setting down the roll and making a production of rubbing her back before jerking her head toward Evelyn and Kyle to leave.  "Good job.  Now go away."
Well, yeah.  "Got it," he answers, and she smiles oddly before starting toward the gate to give the order.
"Good save," Dean tells him approvingly as Mark appears with an earthenware cup and an eager expression.  Glancing down at the contents, Dean whistles softly.  "Holy
a soul gets anywhere these days.  Contract should have pulled her that direction, but come to think, he has no idea how that works without the people around who usually help with that kind of shit.
"She's psychic," Cas answers, probably just to annoy him before telling Alison, "You're a surprisingly strong telepath, both in reception and projection, which you probably guessed."  He tilts his head, studying her.  "Clairvoyance isn't unusual, but usually they come together if you possess both, not piecemeal.  You've been able to see portions of your future all your life?"
Drilling with Dean, he slowly but surely reconnected with all his training, and his former competence confirmed.  And yet--through his mind drifted one of his last conversations with Amy at Alpha and her constant dissatisfaction with his progress even after his training with her was done.  Competence wasn't enough; it was nothing, simply performing the required movements by rote.
"A good supposition," he agrees, relaxing despite himself.  "Technically speaking, the Apocalypse wasn't won as long as you were here and alive, and since he and Zachariah had no intention of killing you, it was necessary for Lucifer to see you leave this plane."  He pauses; it's also likely that Dean's place in his own timeline was significant.  After his world won the Apocalypse, of course: unfortunately, that method isn't transferrable to this one.  "It also created a fairly obvious timestamp for when you should be returned.  All that was needed was a single moment without a living Dean Winchester for Lucifer to win; he wouldn't, of course, expect a reset to occur, so he even if he sensed it, he might not have recognized what it was."
They watch as Derek finishes his water, twisting the bottle restlessly between long, dark fingers, and despite himself, Dean leans forward.  He told Cas this wasn't a test, but that's not true for anyone else on this field today, and he liked Derek the first time they met: open, cautiously friendly, willing to give them the benefit of the doubt, and like Haruhi, personally recommended to Amanda by Manuel and Teresa.  Amanda didn't name names when she talked about potential recruits, but he didn't need her to tell him these two were her top picks, the first to volunteer to help with her indoor hunter training project.  That's a big thing in this town, where even off-duty doesn't mean you don't have work to get done, and free time is a luxury.
"Even with the excess toilet paper we now possess," Cas says slowly, "I still have no desire to revisit the brief periods that latrines were necessary."
"Check your stitches, so just toss the bandage when you get out, it needs air anyway," she calls from the kitchen, and he hears her make a satisfied sound as she opens the pantry door.  "Take your time," she adds, studying the contents speculatively.  "I got an idea."
Dean blinks at him slowly, tilting his head as if a new angle might bring enlightenment--it never does, he's tried, but hope springs eternal, he supposes--before emptying the coffee cup in a single drink.  He wonders if perhaps this is a moment where whiskey might be more appropriate; Dean certainly seems to think so.
"I'm pretty sure they're dead, and from what I know about their deployments, even if the military knew they were gone, they weren't gonna be replaced."
It's not that they couldn't kill him after that--part of your submission is verbally acknowledging their right to do just that but with way more words interspersed with pauses for recreational groveling--but see angelic sensibilities and their thing for order; they can, but as long as he plays inside their rules, they
The sudden attention as they enter Chitaqua's HQ stops Dean short just inside the door, faces turned toward him in relief and curiosity as they all get to their feet (why?).  At some point, his brave soldiers raided the ruins of the suburbs, so a plethora of mismatched chairs, couches, and tables have been added to the room, Cas's map of Kansas' existing highway system, a map of Ichabod, another with Ichabod's various patrol routes, and one with an overview of those of the Alliance are hung on the wall, and already paper is colonizing every surface, as well as--fuck his life,
"Sam.  Tell me--" He chokes on a mouthful of frozen air, coughing desperately until he can breathe again, speak again, remember how to form words.  "Tell me….where he is."
"It shouldn't be."  There's no way to explain his own visceral reaction to idea; even if he wanted to do so, words haven't been invented yet to define what he felt when he'd see those holes.  "But it is, and I don't think you actually disagree with me."
," Licinia breathes, jerking her gaze from the waters and looking up at him.  "So here I stand and here I remain; I refuse their offer.  I reject it."
"No.  So you used the patrol's regular route?" Dean asks a little desperately.  Grin widening, Joe nods.  "How far were you off the time a team would normally come by?"
“Before we get started, I’d like everyone to briefly introduce themselves and state what area you’ll be working in, and perhaps some little bit of information of general interest. For my own bit of personal trivia, I’ll address the question most people have upon meeting me. Yes, Castiel is an unusual name. I often go by Cas, but either will do. The name is derived from an old book about angels that my mother was reading when my twin brother and I were born. My parents weren’t expecting twins, so they had to come up with a second name quickly. My brother, being the elder by ten minutes, got ‘James’, and I got ‘Castiel’.” He shrugged one shoulder, as if to say ‘what can you do?’
“Mm,” she hummed. “Well. You invite him over here, him and that brother of his. First round will be on the house. Welcome him to town.”
He blinked again, tipped his head to one side and regarded Dean with an intensity that reminded him of grade school teachers trying to decide if he was really guilty despite his protestations of innocence. Mr. Conyers had been particularly adept at it. All Cas needed was a pair of glasses sliding down his nose. And okay, maybe a sweater vest and brown tweed trousers. Mr. Conyers hadn’t exactly been with the times.
Cas considered. “Yes, I will be okay.” He thought about the fact that he’d gone for years without Gabriel stopping in to check up on him, during that time his brother had been ‘finding himself’ in Asia, but he knew better than to bring that up. It wasn’t like he’d actually done well for himself during that time, and Gabriel still felt residual guilt over not seeing what was happening sooner.
Dean nodded and made himself comfortable, watching Castiel as he floured the cod fillets, melted some butter in his cast iron skillet, and carefully laid the fish to fry.
He sighed. No sense trying to get anything more done with his work right now. The delivery wouldn’t take long, and then it would be time to start cataloging the boxes, opening them to determine what was what, deciding what he needed right away and what could wait.
Two days to go until The Event. The activities were ramping up. Dean had staff at the caterers, at the airport and train depot, monitoring the freeways and secondary roads. He had people watching the palace and watching the nearby cathedral, with checkpoints and security scans of everyone coming and going. Everyone who’d been issued a pass had undergone rigorous security screening.
Michael and Lucius are arguing about something as they load their golf bags into the back of one of the SUVs. They argue all the time, though they’re quick enough to gang up on anyone else. Cas has never understood them. He was the victim of some of their practical jokes when he was a child, so he’s never been particularly fond of them, either. Anna is another story; he enjoys her company, and so likely would have come to her wedding even if it hadn’t been a command performance.
“Yeah. There are still a few more things we have to get done before we install them, but it’ll come up sooner than you know.”
It would be nice to demonstrate some of his cooking skills to Dean. There were some dishes he wanted to try that were a lot of work for one person. No less work when cooking for two, of course, but at least the effort seemed more worth the cost when someone other than just himself would enjoy the fruits of his labors. His options were limited with the state of the kitchen, but he enjoyed a challenge.
Cas made a huffing sound on the other end of the line. “A vehicle is slightly more complex than a bookcase, and if it is misaligned the consequences are more serious.”
Cas was pacing. He looked… well. To Dean, who knew him well, he looked upset. “Come in,” he said. “And close the door, please.”
“I learned after I moved in with Bartholomew. The condo had a well-equipped kitchen, and I spent a great deal of time there. At first I left for classes and some study time at the campus library, but after I finished my degree there really wasn’t much necessity for me to leave, and… well, Bartholomew subtly discouraged my developing any outside interests. He was the one who suggested I write for niche journals and had various texts I needed delivered. We also had groceries delivered. Bartholomew often had business dinners, so I found myself alone for meals quite often. I got… bored, with boxed meals. So I started ordering some fresh ingredients, and taught myself how to prepare them.”
Dean recited it, pulling his own out. Castiel sent him a quick text, so that Dean would have his as well. It was a new phone, a new number, obtained just for this purpose. There would be no history attached to it that could cause problems.
Castiel started to slide his arms into his winter coat, then abruptly froze. “If you’re correct, and someone is looking for this book, I shouldn’t leave it unattended. Perhaps I shouldn’t even leave the cottage unattended.” His home might not be particularly noteworthy, but it was
“Yes, thank you.” Cas drinks half the bottle in one long gulp, then wipes his mouth on the side of his hand. His lips stick briefly to his hand, all pink and swollen and moist with beer. Shit. Abort.
Dean’s jaw dropped. He jabbed a finger in her direction. “No. You are not going to maneuver that into happening.”
Cas swallowed and lifted his chin, forcing himself to meet Dean’s gaze. “In addition to my academic works, I also write some fiction,” he said, his heart pounding so hard he thought it might burst right through his chest. He’d read that phrase so many times, thought it rather over the top and exaggerated, but in this moment it felt real. “The fiction, frankly, pays immensely better than the academia. But it’s not something I’ve ever shared with anyone other than my editor. No one else knows this, Dean. No one.”
Winter moved into early spring, and Dean completed the basic safety repairs at Cas’ place. He wasn’t sure exactly when he’d stopped thinking of it as ‘the Albright place’ and started thinking of it as Cas’ place, but somewhere along the line, it had just happened. He’d been regularly spending two or three days a week out there, sometimes an extra couple of hours. The work was hard but rewarding, finally being able to make the repairs he’d wanted to do for years.
“To help you concentrate on your writing during the construction,” Dean helpfully explained. “There’s no help for construction being loud. On the worst days you can use my place to write, if you want. Or just to escape the noise. But these should do the trick most of the time, other than when we’re blowing the wall out or doing a lot of nailing.”
Absolutely adorable, for the record. Cas tends to sleep in boxers and a soft, worn tee. When it’s cold out he wears socks, too, which makes Dean cringe. Socks with boxers isn’t a good look on anyone, not even Castiel Shurley. The mussed up bedhead, though? That’s a good look. So are the heavy lids and morning scruff, before he shaves. That is a
Cas dutifully picks up his fork and starts on his food. He can feel Dean watching him, but he keeps his eyes on the plate. It’s strange, to taste the sugar and the butter without them actually being sweet or buttery.
“Jack and I,” Cas said, his expression shifting to one of pride of its own accord. “Well, it was Jack’s idea. We’re removing barriers between heavens.”
They eat together, and the kitchen isn’t as quiet as it was a moment before. There’s banter, and arguing over what movie they should watch later, and Cas doesn’t quite laugh, but he smiles more and tries to relax.
When Cas glanced over at him, at this boy he’d grown to love as a son, he saw Jack’s eyes glowing again. It struck him how much Jack had grown up, had become his own person, had used what he’d learned to save the people he loved most. Cas smiled and put a hand on Jack’s shoulder, and Jack only glowed brighter. “Let’s.”
“If you’re an angel, you stay as you are, right?” Jack explained. “But I can trade you your grace for a soul. You can be
Cas had come to know those eyes well. They were gold, like their father’s, but warmer, kinder now. “Jack?” Cas asked, and his brow would have furrowed if he’d still had one. “What are you doing here?”
say that, and Sam would probably understand the subtext of it, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to make sure that was okay with Cas to begin with. Hell, Cas could just be avoiding him at this point. That didn’t make any sense, considering he’d said Dean was allowed to keep flirting with him, but Dean supposed it was still possible.
"Are we talking about the same Apocalypse here?" Beckett asked, sitting in a chair and leaning forward with his forearms rested on his thighs. He had already told his story, and Sam had just finished his.
“I’m real, Cas,” Dean said. He covered Cas’ hand with his own, and tried not to let Cas’ expression tie his heart in knots. “And I’m here to take you home.”
He went to the door and inspected the lock. He didn't have any of his usual picks. He didn't even have any of his knives. Strangely enough, the door didn't seem that solid, which Dean thought might have been something that would be important. He backed up and braced himself before kicking the door right beside the handle. A shot of pain ran up his leg, but the door held. Dean swore and tried again, this time causing a crack to open up beside the handle. One more kick and the door buckled outward.
“Cas, I’m not leaving you here,” Dean said, forcing down his growing panic. Cas looked more solid when he spoke, so the only thing he could think to do was continue. “I won’t leave you here because we never finished that conversation.” Those blue eyes were glowing back at him, and Dean did his level best to keep his voice even. “You can’t just say you love someone and then vanish. You’re supposed to give them a chance to answer you. And dammit Cas, I have something to say to you.”
“I have a soul, Cas,” Dean says, like this should be obvious. “You think the Empty doesn’t already know I’m here?”
Cas couldn’t remember the last time he’d been asked to consider his own wants. Not ever really, and certainly not to this extent.
"No, I'm all for eating them," the second assured them. "I just meant that they're a pretty impressive meal."
There was a flutter of wings and suddenly Cas was there. "What's wrong with Dean?" he asked immediately, his face worried.
The next morning he woke up disoriented. His dreams were fading, but he remembered Eileen, smiling and laughing with him. The memory sent a pang through his chest, and so he didn’t bother to check his phone; he knew that if he opened it again, he’d just go back to staring at Eileen’s messages.
Dean felt a little weird, walking where Miracle walked. He felt like, as the human here, he should be the one making the route decisions. But Miracle came here most mornings, so she seemed to have their regular route memorized.
He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but it wasn’t Cas holding a cupcake. “Hello Dean,” Cas said, stepping into the room and closing the door with a questioning look.
The bunker library is more or less how it was the last time he saw it. The last time he was actually there. Sam and Eileen and Jack are waiting. They all sag with relief when Cas and Dean step into the light.
He remembered something he’d said to Dean a few years before, about settling down with another hunter - someone who understood the life. Dean had brushed him off, but Sam thought the idea had merit. Maybe he didn’t want to hunt anymore, maybe he did. The fact of the matter was that he believed that there could be a happy medium. There was certainly enough material in the bunker to keep him occupied with research for years. He could still hunt - after all, he was pretty good at it. But what else? Was that really all he wanted?
Dean kept scrolling through the pictures. There were a couple more of the stars. There was one where the horizon had started to lighten to pink, but the stars were still visible higher in the sky. He thought about how he’d found Cas that morning, waiting on the hilltop with his camera aimed at the horizon and his phone in his hand. How long did it take to get the timing right on a photo like this, he wondered.
Cas tilted his head and scrunched his brow. “Didn’t you hear me yesterday? Jack gave me a soul in exchange for my grace so I could remain here.”
“Oh,” Cas said. He woke up the screen and showed it to Dean, and there was the picture from the afternoon by the lake, only it had clearly been processed – his eyes were a little greener, the light a little more golden and warm. “You said I could keep it.”
Cas tenses further. He can feel the sobs bubbling up in his throat and behind his eyes. How can Dean sound so real? Feel so solid?
Dean froze. The voice was soft, though he couldn’t tell if it was distance or some other reason. But it
Dean’s expression softens. He pauses in front of the portal. “Home first.” His hand travels from Cas’ arm to the back of his neck. Its weight is reassuring there. “You’ve always been family, Cas.”
"Yeah," Dean said, looking up at him. He seemed distracted. "You go on ahead, I thought I saw something."
Dean to make Cas finally open his mouth. But how could he explain that? “It took a long time - to be able to say anything. You didn’t try to stop me when I left, so I didn’t think you wanted me to stay. I thought telling you I love you was the only way to save you, and so I told you. But I had accepted at that point that I might just be saying it for me.”
Cas shook his head. “You’re the Righteous Man,” he said. He couldn’t quite meet Dean’s eye. “Your soul overpowered the others in the room. It was like a beacon.” He paused again, seemed to gather himself together. When he finally looked Dean in the eye, he had a determined look on his face. “I knew
“Sorry I didn’t ask,” Dean said. “I just thought it was a nice picture. For a phone, I mean.” He could see the technical gears turning in Cas’ mind, but there wasn’t any judgment in his face.
"You remember that about a house you saw for a second as you were driving into town?" Beckett asked, impressed.
Long hours in the car aren’t what he planned on thinking about, but the memories are comforting. Memories of laughing and joking and bickering as the mile markers zip past on the highway. Arguments about cases. The comfortable silence of a quiet night and the relieved silence of a crisis averted. The steady beat of rain or Dean swearing a blue streak at being cut off or the music from the Impala’s tape deck. He likes the front seat best, riding next to Dean.
"Alright," Sam said. "The report said he was found in the bedroom. Upstairs." He started to head up and noticed Dean wasn't following him. "Dean?"
“Hey, don’t be sorry,” Dean says. That small smile is back, and Cas would do anything to keep it there. “You’ve been through a lot.”
Al looked up, his eyebrows raised in surprise. He looked at Cas and then to Beckett. "This one can see me," he said.
before promptly dying. And, sure, Cas died a lot, but that didn’t make it any easier. And Cas loved him? Dean had known for a while that Cas loved them - hell, the angel had
Cas just watches. Adjusts. He tries not to look away too much, that feeling of being watched lingering on his spine. Dean talks. Not about much, but he talks. It’s nice, to fill the silence.
Of all the places he’d been, the empty certainly wasn’t one of them. All he knew was that this was where angels and demons went when they died, but that was all, and it was pretty nonspecific at that. There weren’t any doors to go through, no halls to go down, no horizon to aim for.
Cas feels his heart crack open at the voice, but he turns anyway. Dean smiles at him, smaller than before.
There was a crash from inside the barn, and Cas almost smiled. Had he expected anything else from the Winchesters? He thought he might as well join in, and he could make an entrance while he was at it, couldn’t he? He still had his grace for now, even if he could already feel it fading.
Sam took a deep breath. “Let’s sit down.” He wanted to give her the short version, but he knew that she would want the whole thing. So he told her. His hands stumbled over a couple of signs, but she patiently corrected him. She waited until he was finished before she asked the question that had clearly been on her mind since he walked in.
“I always come back to you,” Cas replied, his voice rumbling through Dean’s chest as his arms circled around Dean’s waist.
Dean was sitting on the edge of the cot in the waiting room, his leg bouncing with nervous energy. He kept repeating to himself that Sammy would get out of this and he'd be back in his own body soon, but he didn't like the cold feeling in the pit of his stomach. He should be there. This shouldn't be left to some amateur, not when Sammy was the one who would have to teach him while on a mission he had supposedly failed.
Lisa threw the morning paper on the kitchen table one day while Dean sipped his coffee and nibbled at his pancakes. Dean glanced over at it, intending to see when the headline was and go about his business, and his gaze caught on the date.
So Cas loves Dean. Okay. That wasn’t too surprising really. Sam had to admit that the two of them had always sort of… gravitated, toward each other. There had been looks that Sam had noticed and not commented on. (Dean had even said some things, not too much more than hints but definitely not something he would say about someone who was just a friend, when he’d had too much to drink. Just once or twice over the past several years. Sam had dutifully kept those things to himself too.)
“I don’t want to stop hunting,” Eileen said seriously. She didn’t. She wanted to keep helping. It was why she hadn’t stopped even after she’d finally avenged her parents. But she knew Sam had been through much more than she had.
Cas lets himself be readjusted so they’re standing side by side. Dean’s arm is around his waist, and Dean’s saying something Cas can’t quite make out, and then there’s light and they’re in the bunker and Sam and Eileen and Jack are there and Cas’ body relaxes so quickly that he slumps against Dean and loses consciousness.
Cas pushes himself to his feet. He has the wild idea to start walking. Maybe, if he’s a moving target, he’ll be harder to torment. Maybe, if he doesn’t keep still, the shadows that look like Dean but aren’t Dean won’t be able to catch him again.
The darkness that swallows Cas is interrupted by Dean’s voice, his shadow against the backdrop. Cas tries to answer, but no matter how loudly he shouts, Dean can’t find him; no matter how quickly he runs, he can never catch up. When finally,
Miracle stilled and looked up briefly at the sound of Dean’s voice, but when Dean said nothing further she went back to sniffing.
A hole opened up in the wall, and a ball of light shot into the room before the wall closed itself again.
Dean’s mattress is softer than Cas’. The blanket is softer too. When Dean turns the light off, Cas squeezes his eyes shut, his whole body rigid until he feels Dean settle in beside him.
“Morning?” Cas asks. He can feel the tears pricking at the back of his eyes, but he doesn’t let them fall. He’s too afraid to.
- he had Rowena’s work, and everything in the Men of Letters’ catalogue. He'd prayed to Jack, though he'd felt a little weird doing it, considering their relationship. And there was always the rough-and-ready standby of a demon deal, but Sam didn’t even bother entertaining that idea. No, they’d done too much fooling around with life and death, and if Jack hadn’t seen fit to bring her back, then Sam figured it was probably best if he left it alone too.
Castiel had seen souls of course, in heaven. They were brilliant things, and every one of them rang out with chords that Castiel had always thought to be more beautiful than the pealing notes the angels’ graces gave off. It was a small thing, nothing more than a passing curiosity, for Castiel to listen as he passed through heaven.
The bunker was a headquarters of sorts, full of any information a hunter could possibly need when they were stumped on a case, and the information was only a phone call away. Hunters could stop by when they passed through, and there was always a room and food for them. Recently there were more and more of these drop-ins as word spread. The more hunters dropped by, the more the bunker had an atmosphere not unlike the one Harvelle’s had had, back in the day, or so Dean said. It was slow going, but the life was turning into one that wasn’t quite as lonely, wasn’t quite as isolated.
Cas nods. “And I’d like to change my clothes.” He might as well, if this scene is going to go so far as to make him this uncomfortable.
“I have some in albums around the house. I keep the magazine issues I have pictures published in. I have thousands of raw files on an external hard drive.” Cas inclined his head. “So to answer your question, yes, I keep all of them.”
Dean could have laughed for how simple it sounded. He didn’t. He just let his head drop to Cas’ shoulder, his eyes still shut. “’M tired,” he said.
So she’d disappeared then. Who knew what had happened in the interim, but she was back now. She checked the date and realized it had been four days since she’d started and not finished her text. That certainly explained how weird she felt.
Cas froze for just a second, looking found out, but not embarrassed about it. “Is that okay? I can delete it.”
Sam looked up at Cas and saw an uncertain look there. He knew Cas wouldn’t stop him from going, but he could tell Cas also didn’t know if it was a good idea.
For thirty years this went on. Dean wasn’t sure when he stopped fighting the restraints. He wasn’t sure when the light that reflected in Alastair’s eyes started to dim. But one day, something in him snapped, and he couldn’t take it anymore. And he was scared, and every part of him was in pain, when he was finally allowed off the rack.
Almost immediately, she saw the bubble pop up that indicated Sam was typing. It was gone after a few seconds. Eileen waited to see if a message would follow, and when nothing happened, she sent another message.
Cas takes a seat and stares at the plate. He remembers that brief time when he could actually taste his food, and the thought makes his mouth water. He had enjoyed food.
“I’m here Cas,” Dean says. He rolls in the darkness and wraps an arm around Cas. “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
When Jack finally frees him, Cas expects the scene to be gone. He expects to feel like his heart was ripped from his chest, or like all the air was punched from his lungs. But all he finds when Jack steps back is the library, and the others watching him.
"It's fine, for now," Cas said, pulling Dean close again and savoring the feeling of being together.
“I gotta- We should-” Dean stuttered and shook himself. “Let’s go.” He put a hand on Cas’ shoulder to turn him toward the doors, as he’d done so many times before. A habit. He didn’t seem to know he’d done it, but Cas followed willingly. A habit.
“In the flesh,” Dean says, grinning in a way clearly going for nonchalant. He winces when his lip stretches too far. “Little worse for wear.”
“I actually have a question,” Dean said, when he’d finished half of his sandwich and could think past his hunger again.
"Oh boy," he said to himself. This did not seem like a situation he wanted to be in, but he did what he always did in a new timeline: he investigated.
“It’s certainly been through a lot the last several years,” Cas agreed. A pang of guilt shot through him and he dropped his gaze.
Instead, he wrapped his arms around Cas and held him as close as he could. “Cas,” he managed, the lump in his throat threatening to spill over into full-on sobs. “You’re back.”
And the answer did become clear. As they fought their way deeper into the pits of hell, there was a bright light, blinding and almost blue in its brilliance. It was a soul as bright as it must have been on the day it was created, despite the fact that here, it wasn’t on a rack, but aligned with the demons and armed with their instruments of torture.
“Bacon sound good? I could go for some bacon,” Dean says, straightening and hip-checking the fridge door closed.
A buzz in his pocket pulled Dean back to the present. The sun was fully awake now, sitting above the horizon. People were starting to walk the path by Dean on their morning runs or on their way into town. How long had he been sitting here?
Eventually, Cas yawns. It takes him by surprise. He blinks in confusion and looks down at his body, as if realizing for the first time that it’s real and has needs.
The bunker is quiet. Cas wonders what time it’s supposed to be. The lights have been dimmed, so it’s probably nearing the middle of the night. There’s an uncomfortable prickling at the back of Cas’ neck, like he’s being watched. Every time he turns around, there’s no one there.
Help was probably wise. Sam thought he should probably take it. “No, I think I’ll be okay.” His mind made up, Sam squeezed around Cas through the kitchen doorway. He promised that he’d call if he needed help.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said. He reached out to touch the angel beside him, and was rewarded with a small smile.
He recited the first incantation and dropped a match into the mixture. Immediately, he felt a surge of power through his limbs, and then he felt like he was sucked into a vacuum.
The blade is in Cas’ hand before he can think twice. He stalks, a hunter on the prowl. He keeps an eye out, but he can’t see anything here. He knows it’s watching him now. It’s an odd feeling, to be watched and not see the audience. If only he could figure out how to make it show itself. He just needs a fight. “Where are you?” he demands, his voice hard and powerful.
"Well usually when he goes anywhere, it's to stop something bad from happening. He sets things straight where they went wrong before," Al explained calmly.
Dean was pretty sure if he already had a date, he didn’t need to watch the dog to get more dates any time soon. “Don’t want to. Just don’t mind if I have to.”
There were a lot of reactions Dean might have expected here, but that wasn’t one of them, especially since Cas seemed so damn
The spell they’d used was a modified version of one Rowena had known well, but Sam had warned that that meant it might have a time limit. Not that a time limit meant much here; Dean couldn’t be sure how much time had passed at all, or if it was different than the amount of time that had passed at home.
He was expecting the answer he’d been getting – namely, concern for his well-being, a request that he get some rest, and a promise that they’d fill him in later. Instead, he receives an explanation, of setting a trap and springing it, of destroying Chuck and taking power and free-will into their own hands. Dean explains, though sometimes Sam or Jack jump in with a detail he missed. Eileen explains how she was brought back when Chuck’s influence was reversed and the world set right again. The plan they hatched to get Cas back, to finally have the family all together.
Dean looks down at himself, and then over at Cas. He’s lit with one of those rare smiles he only wears when he doesn’t think to worry about who might see him.
Cas’ face tightens, and he can see the concern on Dean’s face change to something bordering on panic.
"Call?" Al asked, whacking the side of the transmitter, thinking maybe there was something wrong with it.
It was all about striking that balance, and it would come in time. They would each, all five of them, find that equilibrium between working, and helping, and healing. Life would go on. And eventually, that balance would feel normal.
They stopped outside the waiting room. "You know, I don't mind you so much either," Al said, a slight smile playing on his lips. "No get back to your brother."
The getting up early had taken its toll on Dean, and he overslept his alarm by twenty minutes the next morning. He groaned when he saw the time; it was too late now to get Miracle fed and get them over to the park with enough time for a walk before Dean had to get back and get to work.
“We were just getting ready to go,” Sam says. He neatly folds the rag in his hand and sets it on the counter pointedly.
Dean was pretty sure he was misinterpreting that. “You only came this much because you wanted to see me?”
"Excuse my partner, he's new," Sam said, casting a glance at his brother and replacing his badge. "We were sent in to check things out."
“I think the rest of heaven could use some rebuilding,” Jack said. He looked up at Cas when he said it. He looked sure of his decision, but not unlike someone who still wanted the approval of someone he cared about.
Tears fall, but Cas stays in his hiding place under his coat. If anything, he curls further into himself against the onslaught of Dean’s concern for him.
Dean sighed and forced himself to get up. He hadn’t eaten breakfast, and he was starting to regret that. He had a snack before he could rethink it.
- unless you were there too.” Dean paused long enough to look up at Cas, and he found that Cas’ expression was so open, and soft, and hopeful, and God
It didn't take long to find the guns. They had been left on the coffee table in the living room, probably because the silver on their handles burned the werewolves' hands and couldn't be carried for too long.
them he loved them a few years ago. But loving Dean? Specifically? And then dying for it? Wasn't that how it always went, the people who loved Dean ended up dead? Dean pushed that back; he couldn’t process it right now.
There are voices down the hall, talking and laughing. The clanging of cutlery against plates. A glass or mug being set down.
Dean’s said it before. Cas knows it’s true. The words echo somewhere in his head, somewhere dark and empty.
"Funding kept getting cut," Al said, gesturing down the hall with his cigar. "Just me and Ziggy now."
“You’re being weird, Sammy.” When Sam didn’t continue, Dean rolled his eyes. “The first day, Miracle pulled me over to him and we talked about him taking pictures of the sunrise. Then the next day he was trying a new lens for pictures of the stars. Then I didn’t see him for two mornings but saw him the second afternoon-”
Cas looked up to find Dean’s face much closer to his than it had been a moment before. He thought Dean looked terrified, but there was something warmer there too. “Yes Dean?”
Dean nods, shakes his head as he considers. He pulls out a faded t-shirt and sweatpants. He gives Cas an odd look when he crosses back to the threshold and hands the clothes over. “Anything underneath is your own problem.”
Dean had never had much trouble telling where he was, once he got the hang of things. Earth felt like earth - it was chaotic and loud and soft and normal. Hell felt heavy, like someone breathing down your neck and something creeping in the shadows, ready to strike. Heaven felt clean and safe and almost sterile. Purgatory felt like a wilder earth, like everything about home had been cranked up to eleven, and consequences were quick and meaningless.
Cas was almost grateful for Sam to greet him first. He was even grateful for Sam to wrap him in a bear hug.
Cas follows, dazed. His feet are moving of their own accord. No sound accompanies their steps. It’s impossible to tell the distance they’re covering, if they’re covering any at all.
The door opens just enough for Dean to poke his head through. “Welcome back,” he says. His face is back-lit and therefore nearly invisible, but the smile is audible in his voice. “Can I turn the light on?”
Sam had always liked dogs. And Dean didn’t mind that. He hadn’t let Sam have a dog after their parents died because it’s hard enough raising your little brother when you’re only eighteen and just graduated high school without having to also worry about taking care of a dog.
There were other things too, things Jack had noticed that his family didn’t bring up. They all sat at the table in the main room to have something to eat, long after any guests who were staying had gone to their rooms and any guests who weren’t staying had gone their separate ways. Jack noticed that when Dean set plates down for himself and Cas, that Cas kissed his cheek and Dean blushed pink up to his ears but squeezed Cas’ thigh anyway when he sat beside him. Jack noticed that Sam and Eileen would lean into each other when they laughed, and would often joke to each other in sign language whether anyone else could see them or not. Jack noticed that Miracle would sit between Dean and Cas, knowing that they would give her scraps from their plates no matter how many times Sam would give them an exasperated look and ask them to please not feed the dog from the table.
Dean managed to stop himself before he said something he might regret. There were several reasons he wanted to save Cas, but he had to make a good argument too, or Cas would never go for it. “Why were you so determined to save
By the time he reaches the kitchen, he isn’t sure how much time has passed. He wonders if it’s now that he’ll find an empty room and an endless expanse of darkness.
“You’re practically naked,” Dean said, going for scandalized but not quite pulling it off. He cuddled up next to Cas and relaxed when he felt an arm around him. He could feel Cas chuckle.
Cas’ head whips up. He blinks back tears. Dean has a hard look on his face, the kind that allows no room for argument. “What?”
"Good," Dean said. "They'll all be down here asleep for at least twenty minutes before they change."
Sure, Cas had come back before. Hell, his coming back would be a habit by now if the human mind could ever get used to death not being final. But Eileen had too. She had
“You died for loving me,” Dean says. “You said the one thing you want is something you can’t have, and you told me you love me. That
“You weren’t yourself,” Cas said, dismissing Dean’s concern. “We had all been warned going in that you would fight against us.”
That line of thinking was the reason that, when Cas became aware of a blinding light in the distance, he thought his essence was finally being chewed up, and he would once again become only so many molecules, so much stardust. But the light didn’t become all-encompassing - no, it dimmed and solidified as it drew closer, and two golden eyes stared out of it.
Cas slides his hand down so it rests at the base of Dean’s skull. He has half a mind to pull Dean forward, but uncertainty stays his hand. He wants so
Dean looks up at him, and he must see something on Cas’ face, because he’s immediately serious and attentive when he asks, “What is it?”
Jack comes in just as Dean is finishing breakfast. Dean makes a joke about Jack showing up when there’s food, and Cas hears Jack laugh close to his ear when Jack hugs him over the back of the chair.
Cas couldn’t help himself. He wrapped Jack in one last hug, told him he loved him, that he’d see him soon. And after a minute or so, took a step through the door and onto the grass. He heard the door click shut behind him and didn’t bother to turn around, though he did reach back with his hand to see if he could feel the knob. All he felt was empty air.
They’re very close. Cas hadn’t realized, but he does now. They’re practically sharing a pillow. They’re close enough that Cas can see every detail of Dean’s face, can see the way Dean’s studying him, like they’re seeing each other for the first time.
So Sam never really worried about it. He would leap, he would help people, he would leap again. It was just something that he did at this point.
The silhouette pauses before making a sharp turn and running to Cas. Dean barrels into him so hard he nearly knocks them both off their feet.
“Do you, uh-” Dean starts, but he’s cut off by Cas leaning heavily against his shoulder and burying his face in the fabric there. Unsure how to proceed, he lifts his arms to tentatively circle Cas’ body. “It’s good to have you back buddy.”
They walk for some time, but Cas can’t tell how long. He stares at the back of Dean’s head like he can will it to stay right there. He makes an effort not to tempt the silence, but at a certain point he has to know. “Dean?”
"The Winchesters," one said excitedly. "Oh, won't this be something special. Two hunters drop into our laps and they're
Time didn’t mean anything in hell, but even so, Castiel knew they’d been at it far longer than they should have been. But there were so many souls. He’d asked how they’d know which soul belonged to the righteous man, but Zachariah had scoffed at him, as if the question hadn’t needed to be asked, and if it had, the answer should be so obvious as to not warrant an answer. Had Castiel been human, he might have felt slighted. But he simply accepted that the answer would present itself to him when the time came; there was no need to dwell on it if the explanation was not immediately necessary.
The foyer was empty. This early, Dean figured the best place to check was the kitchen. Miracle seemed to think so too, as that was the direction she trotted as soon as she hit the main level.
But this was a different barn, and there was an actual enemy here. Vampires, from the carnage that greeted him. One lunged at him, dropping Sam, gasping, to the ground. Cas had his blade from his sleeve in an instant, and the vampire fell easily. The two pinning Dean came at him together, and one from the shadows with them, and Cas was a hurricane in the middle.
But Cas? He’d been there to help. And Dean had thrown it back in his face in the worst way. But Cas stuck around. Dean hadn’t ever brought it up (he hoped Cas thought he had forgotten), and Cas hadn’t either, so Dean was prepared to let it drop.
He thought instead about the future. It wasn’t such a long way off anymore. For years the universe had just thrown things at them, and he’d died, and Sam had died, and then their mom was back, and getting to that happily-ever-after, if there was going to be one, was always so far away. Now, no one was writing his story but him. No more destiny, no more meddling, just real, actual, free will.
Maybe he’d call just to make sure Cas was okay. Or maybe he’d just leave it. Cas would call if something was wrong, wouldn’t he? There was no need to call if nothing was wrong.
And third, he was going to die in this stupid barn in middle-of-nowhere Ohio. He’d tried to keep up a strong front for Sam, but he knew Sam saw right through it - he always had. Dean had kept his research on the empty to their off hours, enjoyed walking the dog and goofing off when Sam was with him, talked to Jack when he thought the kid might be listening. When he had, by chance, come across this vampire case, he’d welcomed the distraction. Nest of vamps? Piece of cake! They’d done it so many times before.
Sam got the accelerant from the trunk of the Impala and went back into the house to douse as much as he could.
“No need to worry.” The words are out before Cas can force himself to remain quiet. But he can’t let Dean worry about him. He’s never wanted Dean to worry about him.
Almost all at once, Dean Winchester appears before him, a small but victorious grin spreading across his face, his shoulders dropping in relief. “Cas.”
The word snapped him out of his trance, and Dean was on his feet in a blink. Without a moment’s hesitation he was across the barn and he had Cas in a grip so tight that Cas was grateful he still had any of his grace left, for fear he’d have cracked a rib otherwise.
Eventually Dean joined the main room, and the demons in the line flinched away from the light he still produced. But the fresh souls on the racks were brighter, and eventually Dean found that the demons didn’t pay him any attention.
Why so much asking after his rest? “I don’t sleep,” Cas replies. He takes a bite of his eggs, surprised when flavor explodes through his mouth.
adorable) so it wasn’t hard to find the one he was looking for. He selected it and held it out for Cas to inspect before he could think better of it.
Cas is still trembling. He tries to stop it, but he’s fairly certain he isn’t in control of his own body. He might just be making it worse. He looks over to Dean when he feels Dean’s grip tighten.
Dean thought some more, his mind going back to the day he crawled out of the ground. “So you put my body back together, but you couldn’t get rid of the handprint?”
Cas nodded. He put the cap back on the lens and shoved his book in one of the outer pockets. He inspected the tree trunk. He was only about six feet off the ground. He slid partway down, keeping his back to the trunk until his foot caught on a knot. It was a precarious perch, but he balanced and lowered himself quickly to the ground, his camera held carefully in one hand, with the air of someone who did that a lot.
Dean didn’t mind the dog. He really didn’t. He would pet it when it came up to him when he visited Sam. He would feed it scraps from the table even when Sam told him not to, because what good was it to interact with his brother’s dog if he wasn’t going to use it to pester his little brother?
"Al, where have you been?" Dean (or rather, Sam Beckett in Dean's body) asked, exasperated, as he approached his holographic friend.
Whether real or fake, Cas can’t resist the hope on Dean’s face. “I can manage.” He swings his legs over the side of the bed and offers Dean a smile.
"He's in the waiting room at Project Quantum Leap," Beckett said. "He's safe," he added quickly, seeing the looks Sam and Cas gave him. "He stays there only as long as I'm in his life. When I finish what I need to do, I'll leave and he'll be back."
“Until I see a body, he’s alive,” Dean said. He could practically hear Benny roll his eyes, but he didn’t care.
Dean took a deep breath and stepped back into the waiting room. There was a flash of bright white light and suddenly he was back in Oklahoma, leaning against the Impala and watching the farmhouse burn. He looked down at himself and ran his hands over his shirt to make sure it was really his body. His forearm was bandaged, so he figured the injury Beckett had sustained was transferred to him, but considering the circumstances, he didn't mind.
He sent it before he could rethink. In his head, he could see it. He’d suffer through quickly walking Miracle in the rain in the morning, and then he’d make breakfast and Cas would come over and they’d hang out for a little bit. That was where his brain ran out of practical ideas, but thankfully Cas’ reply came in.
"Carry a gun with silver bullets, stay out of the way," Sam said. "The gun you had earlier had silver bullets, so you can just take that one." Sam stood to get the car keys, made sure he had his own gun and a silver knife. "Alright," he said. "Let's get this over with."
“He and Eileen were made for each other,” Dean replied. “I’ve never known either of them to sleep later than six thirty.”
It takes Dean a moment to answer. When Cas doesn’t continue, he just nods. “I know the feeling. But we need you pal, so I’m here to get you.”
Sam seemed to be doing mental math. “Dean, I think you’ve spoken to him more in the last week than I did in the first month I knew him.”
It’s a warm, late spring day, the first spring after they move in, and Cas and Dean are working in the garden. It’s a good day. No nightmares the night before, and Cas was
“Say something,” Dean said quietly. He didn’t really care what Cas said at this point. He’d said his piece (and
“I do.” Dean studied Cas’ face, and the light reflected there. Only it wasn’t a reflection anymore; Cas was glowing as much as he ever had.
Dean had to think. Just think. So he and Miracle took a long way. And then a longer way. And then Dean finally managed to say, “I had the weirdest dream last night.”
Cas doesn’t want to. He tells himself he doesn’t want to. But he does. And there’s so much pain in Dean’s voice that he can’t help pulling the coat down his face and cracking his eyes open.
Should she just… answer him? He’d asked a question, after all. Even if it had been a few days, it seemed rude to ignore that, so she typed out a quick,
No. So many years ago, Sam had seen Stanford as his way out of all of this; he’d go be a lawyer, and he’d have a family and friends and a regular routine and he wouldn’t deal with haunted objects or vengeful spirits or werewolves or vampires anymore. (How simple life had been then, he thought.) There probably wasn’t a full
The smell of breakfast hadn’t quite faded, but there were dishes in the sink. Dean scanned the room, but no one seemed to be hiding anywhere. He heard footsteps down the hall, and when he went to investigate, he found Sam.
Sam was fighting the three who had shown up especially for the chance to kill the Winchesters, and they were clearly seasoned fighters. Sam was no slouch and even in their wild state they managed to fight effectively against him. One was stabbed and fell, but one gave up on Beckett and jumped at Sam instead, seeming to think he was a better target. Beckett was left fighting the woman, who was vicious and fought dirty with her claws. Beckett was bleeding from a gash on his right arm, but he was ignoring it enough to continue the fight.
He’s in his room in the bunker, laid on top of the bedding on his mattress that he’s only actually slept in a handful of times. The light from the lamp feels stale.
Dean growled and swung again, and the light recoiled. A dark satisfaction wound its way through Dean’s chest. “Who are you?”
Dean briefly debated tailing Sam anyway, but decided against it. For all the weird nervous energy Sam had been giving off, he didn’t seem to be on his way to certain death, so he could probably handle it.
If he had known the Mark of Cain was going to be such a pain in the ass, Dean would have told Cain to go fuck himself and avoided the whole mess.
Cas wheels around, his coat fluttering around him. He looks around frantically, eyes wide and seeing nothing until – there, not a hundred feet off.
Cas’ eyes were traveling from Dean’s eyes to his lips and back, trying to get a read on Dean’s body language. His mind only seemed focused on the fact that Dean’s hand was on his arm, and Dean’s face was so much closer to his. “What…”
“It might take your grace a few days to fade away completely,” Jack said, “but congratulations Castiel. You’re just as human as the rest of them as soon as you step through the door.”
Castiel huffed a laugh that might have been sarcastic if the look on his face didn’t look so genuine. He looked down for a moment, gently nudged Miracle over, and sat on the grass. He crossed his legs, leaned forward, rested his elbows on his knees, and set up his shot through the camera’s viewfinder.
Dean looked through the viewfinder. He aimed the camera over the lake. It was a short lens, so he couldn’t zoom in too far. He was sure the pictures he took weren’t technically correct, maybe the composition was off, but he thought they were nice. The sky was very blue today, and there were more boats out than there had been the last time he’d been here. He brought up the pictures he had taken and scrolled through them.
Cas slid into the seat behind the driver. He smiled at the kids when they warily climbed in next to him. “Get some sleep,” he whispered to them. “You’ve been through a lot.”
Dean thought the response would be out of place coming from someone else, but Castiel seemed like the kind of person who gave this kind of weight to just about everything. “One hell of a hobby.”
Cas leaned forward, knocking his forehead against Dean’s, a hundred different emotions chasing each other across his face. “Happy anniversary Dean,” he said.
“Leave the door open behind me?” Dean asks. He flicks the lighter and the tiny flame sparks to life. “No thanks. And this one won’t be open very long, so make sure you’re holding on.”
Cas swallows again. He turns onto his side and reaches out to touch Dean’s face. He’s surprised when Dean turns his face into it. “You want me.”
It was still only his training that kept him moving when the garrison broke through the perimeter and they were greeted by rows of souls on racks. Demons had been fighting back against the garrison as the angels navigated to the dungeons, but down here there were even more; the demons who would normally be doling out torture turned instead to fight against the intruders. But it wasn’t the demonic army that had Castiel’s step faltering - the souls on the racks, even as their tormentors were distracted, screamed in pain.
Cas swallows thickly. He tries to remind himself that this is an illusion. This isn’t Dean, no matter how much he looks and sounds like Dean. “What are you doing here?”
They passed a bench, and Dean took a seat to watch the water for a bit. He patted the seat beside him and Miracle jumped up, stretching her front legs across Dean’s lap. Dean absently scratched under the dog’s collar.
being dead. She remembered her time in hell and as a ghost. Whatever had just happened to her was something else entirely; there was simply a hole in her memory.
He let himself remember his dream for all of five seconds before he forced it to the back of his mind. His hands were balled into fists at his sides as he stared at the ceiling, not trusting the darkness behind his lids. The noise from the shower helped him ignore the screaming in his head.
Cas looks at his blade. He does. Have a weapon. He could use it. Didn’t he train for this, once? He shakes his head in an attempt to clear it.
Sam locked his phone and stared at the floor. He didn’t want to think about it, but his mind kept circling back to the same thing.
The word is shouted, not from nearby. Cas turns toward the voice, his heart leaping, even now, at the sound.
Okay, Dean could handle rejection. He tried not to be too disappointed. “What do you take pictures of?”
Drop his hands he does, and he turns to find Dean looking up at him. The hands on his arm and his knee tighten. Cas lets himself be grounded in the touch, and in the way Dean’s face is more open and vulnerable and
Just enough silence passed to make it awkward before Sam finally said, “Well, I guess it’s time to turn in. Your room is just the way you left it.”
Cas does. He breathes until he feels steady. He steels himself against what he’s sure he’ll see when he opens his eyes. When he looks again, Dean’s still looking back at him, even closer now than he was before.
“If I want breakfast?” Cas asks. His brow furrows and his eyes narrow. He doesn’t eat. Dean knows this. He knows Dean knows this.
Time passes. Maybe an hour. Maybe a day. Cas doesn’t sleep, but he doesn’t get up again. He tries not to think too much, about anything. He breathes in the scent of his trench coat, and it still smells like the bunker. He thinks he can make out the familiar aroma of faded upholstery from the Impala.
Dean looks back uncertainly, like he’s worried he’s done something wrong instead of the most correct thing he’s ever done. “What is it?”
"Good to see you too Ziggy," Beckett said, crossing to the keyboard. He entered a command and hit the enter key, triggering a series of tones of decreasing volume until there was only silence, signaling the shutdown of the program.
“For what it’s worth,” Dean said, “I really do want you to stay. That’s what I want. I don’t want you to leave. Ever.”
Cas finally pushed the door open and stepped into the drizzle. He walked quickly up to the front door and turned when he reached it. He waved at Dean.
So Dean was just...different? It didn't add up. And Sam had enough experience with things that didn't add up to know that something was very, very wrong.
Just for the hell of it, Dean made breakfast. Sam made a snide remark, but Dean ignored it, in too good a mood to really care about his brother’s jabs.
For some time, it works. Cas would be grateful if it weren’t for the fact that being left alone lets his mind wander, and all he can think about is how Dean looked at him the last time he saw, actually
Through it all, Cas watches Dean. He feels his heart skip every time he slips and looks away, but when he looks back, Dean is always still sitting there, arms resting on the table in a picture of ease that doesn’t quite reach his face.
There wasn’t much light in the dungeons. The souls were dimming, some of them even as the angels and demons fought. Where they would normally be bright and shining, some looked on the brink of being snuffed out completely. There was a flash periodically, when an angel or demon died. Any other light in the dungeon came from the angels’ grace, throwing ghoulish shadows against the walls, even as the smoke of the demons’ forms threatened to overwhelm the blue light.
So Cas was working at a gas station. Dean hated himself for sending Cas away, but he made sure to stop by and check on him every time he happened past the town where Cas was living. Even if he happened to have to take a several-hour detour to get there. Sam never mentioned it. Gadreel hung around.
"It's rude to leave a question unanswered," the voice said, and suddenly the keys wouldn't press anymore.
"You're in a small town in Oklahoma. There have been a few weird deaths in the last few months," Al said, reading off of Ziggy's screen.
The word bounces around his skull, warm and welcoming. He looks back up at Dean, at that face he’d memorized long ago, now looking at him with such open affection Cas feels like he’s looking directly into the sun, into the grace of an angel’s true form, into an eclipse, into Dean Winchester’s soul.
– he finds himself back in the Empty. Down the hall, Dean’s footsteps start to echo. Cas has been here before, sitting in the kitchen, waiting for Dean. He knows exactly how many steps Dean should take from where he is now to the kitchen doorway. He starts counting down. “If it all went away?”
this time. So in examining what he wanted, he was surprised to find that Jack had sorted it out before he had. “I don’t,” he said. He thought he’d be afraid to admit it, afraid to admit to Jack that he was tired of all of this, and that all he wanted to do now was pass the responsibility to someone who wanted it, and to go be with his family. All he felt on saying it out loud was relief. Relief and a deep pain he distantly recognized as homesickness. “I want to go home.”
in the distance, like reality breaking open. There’s a voice. Footsteps. Cas stands stock-still, turned toward the sound. He doesn’t have a heartbeat here, but the phantom sensation of a heart beating against his sternum echoes in his chest anyway. He thinks to summon his blade from his sleeve, but he’s frozen in place. He’s fairly certain, with the way his hands are shaking, that he’d drop it anyway.
“I can take you straight to Sam and Dean, if you want,” Jack offered. “Or I can take you somewhere else first.”
A knock on the door, three short raps. Cas doesn’t move, but neither does the person on the other side.
“You wanted to see my pictures from the first couple of mornings.” Cas pulled a small plastic case from his pocket. “The SD cards are here. I can show you them on the computer. If you still want to see them.”
“My grace?” Cas asks. He thinks about the shadow of a rescue, sitting in the bunker kitchen, and breakfast, and
Sam leaned his weight into the shelves, and they toppled over, landing heavily on the lycanthropes beneath. As Sam jumped back, he heard yelps and startled scratching as the wolves scrambled to get out from under the shelves. He and Beckett then moved closer, Sam with his silver dagger, Beckett with a silver knife. Sam didn't even hesitate; when he saw one through the wreckage, he stabbed down, hearing a startled cry and then nothing. But then there was growling as the first of them began to turn. One of the young ones, probably no older than seven, jumped at Beckett with his teeth and claws bared. Acting on instinct, Beckett side-stepped, grabbing his attacker by the arm to swing him around and pierce the small chest with his knife. When the small body fell limp, Beckett jumped back, horrified at himself.
Dean had enough time for his wounds to finally mend themselves before a demon appeared before him. The demon was so thin as to be skeletal, with horns curling from a nearly-featureless skull. Dean felt a rush of cold through his chest.
Over the next few months, their lives had returned to normal. Bobby had gone home and continued working as he had, providing hunters with information they needed on hunts, answering phones as whatever higher-up was required by a hunter who needed some kind of access. Sam and Dean went back to being hunters, but this time Cas came with them. At first, it was just so Castiel could recover his strength, but over time, his relationship with Dean had grown stronger, and even when his strength had returned, he didn't leave.
“Well, goodnight then,” Sam managed. He smiled tightly at Cas and pushed his way into his room quickly, doing his best not to slam the door in his haste.
He writhed against the thing holding him, but it just held tighter, its right arm curled around Dean’s chest, the hand gripping Dean’s shoulder. Dean struggled under the grip, but felt himself being lifted higher. There were other shouts, and the voices rumbled though Dean’s body.
her. A lot. And he desperately wanted a chance to find out what could happen between them. And even if nothing happened? She didn’t deserve to go out like
There are footsteps down the hall, and they sound like Dean’s. Cas braces for something, anything, but all that comes is a soft rapping at the door.
Dean wasn’t normal, not by a long shot, but he thought he was coping. He missed Sammy, tried to ignore the fact that his little brother was trapped in hell with two pissed off archangels. Lisa told him he shouldn’t blame himself, but he couldn’t help it. He should have found another way. He should have been able to protect his brother.
“Lots of work to do.” Bobby sighed, looked Cas over quickly as if gauging what he thought the angel would do next. “Well, come back and visit sometime.”
It does take some time, in the unchanging landscape, for him to realize that he’s awake. He shouldn’t be. He knows he shouldn’t be. He waits for the Empty to appear, to do
Dean didn't like the murderous look this Cas person was giving him, but he continued. "My name is Dr. Samuel Beckett. I'm a quantum physicist. I developed Project Quantum Leap to explore time travel. I stepped into the machine, and I've been leaping between people ever since."
“I would like that.” Another hunt. Cas thought he could handle that. Hopefully it was something simple. They’d all had more than their share of excitement.
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks. He leaves the door open and crosses to sit at the foot of Cas’ bed. After a pause, he hesitantly reaches out and grips Cas’ ankle. “I know it took a lot out of you.”
“You’re right,” Jack said with a smirk. He got a faraway look in his eye for half a second, then nodded. “They’re on a hunt. Ohio somewhere. I can drop you right where they are.”
They seemed to agree, because they leaned against each other and within seconds they were both sound asleep.
The house isn’t much – a fixer-upper with a creaky porch and a yard – but it’s cozy, and Dean keeps himself busy with projects around the place. Cas plants a garden, a space to help things grow. He likes spending time outside and working with his hands.
After eight years manning the racks, there was commotion. It came from above, and below, and all around. There was too much light, and it hurt Dean’s eyes. He snarled at it, but before the light could fully reach him, he was back in his private room. He roared in frustration, pacing the walls. He had buried his fear long ago, but now it bubbled up in the uncertainty. He forced it back down, throwing one of the whips from the table across the room. He could almost hear Alastair over his shoulder, but when he turned there was no one there.
If Dean’s grin was a little goofy, well, that was fine. “Awesome.” His phone alarm went off in his pocket, and he fumbled getting it out. If Castiel noticed, he didn’t say anything. “I have to go. Work. It was good talking to you, Cas.”
"I feel like we'll be having that same conversation in the future," Sam said thoughtfully to Dean. "You know, if we don't die first."
"Then I hope, for all our sake, that it is fixed." Cas had a small sad smile on his face when he vanished.
Cas has to stop before he wants to. He can almost feel Dean chase him for the barest of seconds, but Dean lets him go. He keeps his eyes closed and tries to push back on the dread he feels at having to open his eyes again.
It took Cas half a second to figure out what anniversary that might be, and when he did, his smile grew, just slightly. “Happy anniversary, then,” Cas said.
Cas looks down at himself. He looks around the library. He looks at his companions, who are speaking to him and who he can’t understand at the moment. He takes a deep breath and feels his lungs fill to bursting.
Castiel seemed to catch on something in Dean’s words, and he looked up a little warily, like Dean might have put some hidden meaning in the words that Castiel couldn’t decipher. “Not every morning.”
Sam made himself something quick and hot for breakfast while he mulled over his thoughts from the night before, his mind a little slow on the uptake from his lack of sleep. When he’d finished breakfast and had the coffee brewing, he heard footsteps down the hall. He thought Dean might be back, but it was Cas who entered.
Cas doesn’t answer at first. Dean is behind him. He’s sure if he turns around, this whole scene will disappear. If he makes his way to the bed, he’ll end up falling again into nothing. “I…”
Sam had won, of course. Dean wasn’t actually going to mess up the dog’s schedule. And it was only for a week. He could handle that.
Castiel hummed his response, seeming satisfied with his camera’s settings. “It’s a hobby, for the most part.”
Jack considered. He tilted his head to one side and narrowed his eyes a bit as he tried to decipher Cas’ expression. “You don’t want to stay here, do you?”
“I don’t think you should be here,” Jack said, inclining his head to indicate Cas should step through the curtain.
The dreams – Cas tries to tell himself they’re dreams – are almost worse than they were the night before. Dean appears before him, takes his hand, asks him to come home, and tries to pull him along. But Cas’ feet won’t move, no matter how much Dean begs him to follow, no matter how many times Dean tells him he loves him,
She ate her breakfast slowly. Her mouth felt like sandpaper, like she hadn’t had anything to drink in days. But maybe she hadn’t. She drank three glasses of water before pouring herself another bowl of cereal.
He scrolled through their conversations, an ache growing in his chest. She was so witty, and so sweet, and she didn’t take shit from anyone. And she was gone.
Cas just nods. He seats himself, looking pointedly away from Dean as he’s handed a plate. He’s sure that the moment he goes back to interacting with Dean, the countdown to the end of this will start. Best to put that off as long as possible.
Dean shook his head quickly. “No, not at all,” he said. He was relieved when Cas relaxed. “My Hebrew name is Michael,” he offered.
That had been May. It was September now, and the leaves were starting to change colors. Dean started adjusting his schedule in his head so he would have time to rake the yard. He didn’t allow himself to think of how normal a thought that was. He forced himself not to think of the monsters that might start coming out in earnest in the fall, with the longer nights and cooler weather.
Dean definitely didn’t blush. “And he finished the walk with us and I got his number. And then I overslept so I didn’t see him in the park. Then yesterday it rained so I invited him over for breakfast instead. The end.”
Cas nodded. “The long exposure helps capture the stars,” he explained. “And this is after processing. They’re harder to see on the raw image.”
Dean figured that as long as Al and the transmitter were here, there wasn't much he could do in the way of communicating directly with Sam and Cas, so he might as well go sit in the waiting room. Maybe he could find something interesting to do, like bang his head against the wall.
Sam had managed to drop another wolf, losing his dagger in the process. He grabbed his knife in time to stab another, but the last one grabbed him from behind, his jaw dangerously close to Sam's neck.
Dean shrugged. “My way of saying ‘happy anniversary,’ I guess,” he said, giving Cas a lopsided grin as he cut into his second breakfast.
Cas grips Dean’s arms tightly, tight enough to be painful. He’s bewildered – his mind in such a state of shock he isn’t sure he’s absorbed the words Dean’s said to him. He knows Dean is a man full of love, he
Cas smiled, nodded to himself. “If I’ve learned anything about them, and I think I have, it’s that nothing brings them joy like being with the people they love.”
Cas can’t meet Dean’s gaze, for one thing. He doesn’t want to see the look there. “I can’t heal you.”
“You can get down off that rack,” Alastair continued, as if Dean hadn’t spoken, “and all you need to do is take over for one of my demons.”
Sam nodded as if this made perfect sense, though perhaps it did. “Right, um,” he said. He looked over his shoulder at Dean, who was still on the floor of the barn, propped up on his elbows. “I should, uh, go find the kids.” He nodded as if giving himself permission, and ducked out of the barn.
Dean was so lost in thought that he reacted just a little too late when Miracle took a quick detour off the path at the top of a hill and sniffed happily at a man’s pant leg. Dean groaned inwardly, pulling gently at the leash to try to get her back on the path.
Al furrowed his brow. "Well that's a little weird. But Ziggy says they help people, so it must come with the territory."
It was slow going to dig himself out, and the sun was too bright. It reminded him of something, but he couldn’t place what. All he remembered was the torturing, and a bright light at the end. He couldn’t remember what the light was.
Cas laughed, short and sharp with surprise. “It sounds odd when you put it that way,” he said. “I go by my Hebrew name. He doesn’t.”
“I’m a mechanic,” Dean replied. “The garage opens early.” He bumped into Cas again, totally accidentally. “Not as glamorous as photography.”
Cas is on his back. The weight of Dean’s arm across his chest is comforting. He reaches up and takes Dean’s hand in his own and lets himself believe the promise as he drifts to sleep.
Dean heard the door close as Sam left, probably heading to grab a bite to eat as an excuse to give Cas and Dean some privacy. Dean laughed then, though he wasn't sure at what.
When they’d returned from Ohio and Dean had made his excuses and turned in immediately, Sam had uncertainly watched him walk down the hall.
She sat up and looked around. It was dark in her main room, the dim light of morning just starting to creep in.
They finished their food without saying much else. Dean eyed Cas’ camera, sitting on top of the cooler beside Cas. “Can I use your camera?”
"More importantly," Cas interrupted from where he stood leaning against the door, "you finish what you need to do here and you leave?"
How long had he wanted this? How many times had he watched Cas work, watched him comfort the people they helped, watched him just enjoying himself in his down time, and thought of how much he wanted this? “I really want you to kiss me.”
Cas whirls to find Dean, once again, standing just a little ways off. The distance is short, perhaps ten feet, but Dean doesn’t cross it. Instead, he eyes the blade in Cas’ hand.
to see Cas. The memories of Cas dragging him out of hell were still there, and he’d accepted that the nightmares would probably never go away, but all he wanted was to be close to Cas. He remembered when he and Benny had found Cas in purgatory, and how Dean had fallen asleep against Cas. That was all he wanted.
Sam cracked the same birthday joke as he had two years before. Dean managed to laugh this time, even though it stung.
Sam didn’t make a joke about it being his birthday. Maybe he’d forgotten. Dean found he wished Sam would crack the joke. It would give some kind of normalcy to what was going on.
Castiel reminds himself that not only is patience a virtue, he's usually very good at exercising it.  "Let's start at the beginning, then: who created the barrier and how?"
Slinging his right arm over Cas's shoulders, Dean tugs him closer and stops the words, shivering at the memory of the taste of himself--of both of them--in Cas's mouth.  The flicker of want across his nerves is enough to tell him dawn sex is in their future.  Maybe something new; sure, unlike Cas, Dean has a working gag reflex, but hey, he's heard good things about practice and he should see what he can do right now anyway.
Cutting the engine, Castiel takes a deep breath.  "I need to apologize to Dean; this isn't even an attempt at a plan.  At best, it's a series of actions that we may or may not be able to perform in any possible conjunction and no hope of order."
no."  Dean draws in a startled breath, head clearing almost immediately, and Amieyl's standing in front of him, looking pissed. Reaching out, she pulls her crook out of nowhere, and Lia starts to shrink, folding up into person-size before their eyes. "Consent's not just a word, not anymore.  Try that again, I bust your ass straight to Limbo."
Cas's expression tells him he didn't miss the change of subject.  "In a month."  He hesitates, looking--Dean's not sure what that look means.  "I thought it might be advisable to stay in closer contact to more quickly receive information on recent events, so Joseph will continue meeting with them regularly once a month."
"Okay, let me….yeah, got it," she whispers hoarsely over the monotonous beeping.  "Five minutes normal rhythm, no sign of arrhythmia--respiration normal…. Cas, he's back."
"We left noon today and came straight back here," Joe continues as he picks up his half-empty coffee cup.  "Mike and Leah mostly spent time with the towns' patrol after they arrived the first day, but I told them to get some sleep and write up their reports tomorrow, since you'd have enough to read tonight."
She obeys--more from surprise than anything else, he suspects--and finishes chewing with an effort. "I would have told you," she says quietly. "Before I knew you liked kids."  She takes another bite, and Dean never realized how much an effort it is to just eat with this kind of attention on everything you do.  "I like kids, too," she breathes.  "That's why--that's why I volunteered.  Have you ever seen kids with Croat?"  He shakes his head, tamping down horror; he will, one day, and he's not looking forward to it.  "I have.  They shouldn't have to live like that, not if..."  She lowers her head before anyone can see her face crumple.  He straightens, giving her what cover he can with his body.
"Jesus," Dean breathes, closing his eyes before he looks at Castiel speculatively.  "Friend of yours?"
, a hot burn like bathing in acid and a cold rage so profound it dissolves everything it touches; then she can, and she must have opened her eyes, because she's staring down into forever and can't stop screaming.
The blue roared again, launched forward and caught the red’s neck between its powerful jaws. The red struggled, wrapped its body around the blue, but the grip didn’t ease. The blue dragon beat down with its powerful wings, propelling the both of them into the wall with a mighty crash. Its eyes blazed a brilliant ocean blue, swimming with light, as it picked up the slightly smaller dragon like a dog with a rabbit, shaking its head with quick, harsh movements.
Fuck. He’s going to have to plan ahead for how to get himself out of that with at least a bit of his dignity intact. Or maybe that isn’t even possible. He really didn’t think this arrangement out well enough, did he. In his own defense, though, he also didn’t think they’d have to share a room. This house is large. Plenty of bedrooms.
Dean nodded, and took a moment to walk around the cottage, studying the door hinges, the windows, making sure that nothing looked out of the ordinary. “Looks like no one’s been here.”
“I know.” Cas smiled, warmed by the fierce protectiveness in Gabriel’s tone. Usually he presented himself as an affable fool, but when his protective instincts were roused he turned into a fierce warrior.
Today was an odd job day, a little of this, a little of that, minor repairs and things that took only a couple hours before Dean could move on to the next one. Usually he liked to schedule those first thing in the morning, then spend the rest of his day at a larger job, but sometimes enough of them came in at once that he took a whole day to knock them out.
Cas took a sip of his beer, needing it as a delaying tactic. His pulse was fast and erratic, his arousal low and hot. “Unless I mean what?” he asked, his voice roughened. “Unless I mean that I find you sexually attractive? Because yes, I do.” Lord, he couldn’t believe he was admitting to this, but somehow the words were pouring out without conscious direction. “How could I not? You are a beautiful man, Dean Winchester, both inside and out. You are kind and understanding and loyal to a fault, generous and patient. And, obviously, there’s your physical appearance. Surely you know you have the kind of face that artists dream of.”
Dean sipped at his coffee. It was hot, and strong, but smooth. Cas used a good blend of beans. The silence between them stretched, but it wasn’t awkward. It felt companionable, and that, in Dean’s experience, was rare. Usually he felt like he needed to fill the silences, but not with Cas.
He couldn’t think about that. If he did, he would freeze in terror, and Dean would certainly die. Or would he? The book spoke of Malak’s spirit being rehoused, but it didn’t say for certain whether the current occupant would be expelled.
“Huh. Okay.” He had to think about how to ask the next question, so that Sam would understand while it still being vague enough that it wouldn’t ping anyone or anything that might be monitoring the conversation. Just mentioning Enoch River might have already tagged them, which just meant he needed to be even more careful.
Castiel couldn’t answer right away. He’d been holding himself together all this time, but somehow a simple touch of sympathy threatened to destroy his fragile control. He shivered, then mentally shook himself. Not yet. He couldn’t allow himself to show weakness or be visibly distraught. Not yet.
Dean leaned over his shoulder and inhaled deeply, and if he ‘accidentally’ brushed their hips together, who was going to notice?
Dean was well aware that the idea of going out was going to make Cas tense. But maybe if he went with Dean it would be okay. And the Roadhouse was a safe environment. Ellen would make sure of it. Hell, if it got to be too much he was pretty sure he could bring Cas into the back room, where it would be more quiet.
“Ha. No. No, something as practical and… what’s the right word… well. Cooking is a task for the servant classes. Not for a proper Novak, even one as odd as I was. I was barely even allowed in the kitchen, let alone allowed to learn any of the equipment.”
“I did, with Dean’s assistance. And yes, we found your gifts. Thank you. Actually they aren’t entirely unpacked, but they have all been opened and brought to the room where their contents will reside.”
“Danny wants to ‘take a break’,” Cas says, emphasizing the phrase with air quotes. “He wants to see other people while we explore whether or not we’re actually ‘end game’ or not.”
Mr. Winchester leaned forward, hands on either side of the book, using his advantage of height while Castiel was seated in an attempt to intimidate. “I need to know. Surely you must have some estimate.”
Dean blinked slowly, his jaw dropping. “Wait. Are you seriously trying to tell me…? God. You can’t be. Really? Are you…”
Misguided. Dean felt a warmth curl through him. Cas was looking all grumpy and adorable, which he strongly suspected was a front to cover the nerves, which if they were half as bad as Dean’s had to be eating him up alive right now.
“Oh.” He turned the box over in his hands, noting the excess application of tape. He pushed a nail under one edge to loosen it.
Writing was so much easier. Even when his characters acted badly, he knew what they were going to do, when, and why. Besides, they were fictional. If they did something awful to someone else, no one
Castiel’s eyes went very wide and round in the darkness. Everything had happened so quickly he hadn’t even had time to react. But now… now there was a very dead man-shaped thing on the ground. He shuddered.
Dean should lock him up, restrain him until he found out what the hell was going on. Protocols were crystal clear on that, left no room for interpretation.
He turned and nodded greeting. Once he’d filled his mug and retrieved his lunch from the refrigerator, he came over to join them. “Hello, Dean. Charlie.”
Cas came into the kitchen, looking amazing in a pair of jeans that hugged his thighs like sin and a soft blue sweater than made his eyes look even brighter. Dean swallowed hard. Who ever really noticed eyes?
“Castiel,” Sam repeated. “He and Gabriel stayed behind when Michael and Luc returned to Chicago. I get the feeling that the oldest two are used to being in charge and making all the decisions, so they’re not taking this well. But I didn’t say that.”
“Hate to break it to you, but it really is. There’s rotting boards on the porch, the windows are all drafty, and the lights in the kitchen flicker. I’m afraid to turn on the stove. I could go on. And on. And on.”
He didn’t do that. He hadn’t done that since the first few months with Bartholomew. Casual invitations were anything but.
He’s not drinking fast enough to get really hammered, though. Just pleasantly tipsy, which is enough. He doesn’t need to be
Dean laughed, loud and happy. “That was awesome! Wasn’t that awesome? Damn, I hope someone got that on video. I love demolition. It’s so satisfying when things go crashing down, you know?”
That hot feeling behind his eyes, that ache in his sinuses, it wasn’t threatening tears. It wasn’t. Dean Winchester didn’t cry. And if he did, it was the drugs.
“They’re not fighting. They’re mating. This piece is called ‘The Flight’, and it is ancient. Very important, in the world of dragons. It has only recently come into the collection of Lord Michael.”
Dean checks out the facilities and wanders over to the snack bar. “Oh hey, mini sliders!” He picks one up and pops it into his mouth.
“Any ideas what order you want to tackle things in? Beyond the safety issues?” Gabe picked at a piece of flaking paint, peeling it off.
“So what do we need to make this happen? Paperwork? Anything to stop Cassie from making this his home right away?”
“I have no doubt that it will.” Cas heard a slight movement, steps on the wooden floor, and then he felt Dean’s warmth just behind him, before Dean lightly brushed his fingers over Cas’ sleeve. “Thank you. You really haven’t told anyone else? Not even Gabriel?”
Though he spends most of his time talking to Cas’ grandmother, Dean is aware of the rest of the family, too. He’s also aware that since he’s the new one at the table, he’s getting a disproportional amount of attention. It feels like everyone is watching him with various degrees of interest and, in some cases, animosity.
Where was Dean? Had he found him, found the fragile beginnings of what could be a true relationship, only to lose it on the same day? No. He couldn’t fathom that thought. Fate could not be so cruel.
“So. As I mentioned, aside from some bequests to various charities and causes that she favored, Mrs. Albright left her estate to you, Castiel.”
Did Dean maintain a storefront as well? Or did he work out of his home? Castiel didn’t see anything immediately, but that didn’t mean anything. A business where he went to his clients rather than needing them to come to him wasn’t going to need to be centrally located. He wasn’t sure how much work he did away from client sites, anyhow, though surely he at least needed space to store his equipment. He’d mentioned something about woodwork as well, hadn’t he? So wouldn’t he need a workshop?
