"How do you know about babies?"
Cas made a wide sweeping gesture with an open palm. “Then I’m sure he misses you while he’s celebrating too.”
----------------------------------------------------
Dean smiled and watched with his angel as the seals barked and rolled playfully in the sand.
Cas’s reply felt sardonic.
"Shh, keep your voice down. You'll wake Jack," was all he said.
"Then why?"
"Fine. Hold my hands as you do so. I find your hands are comforting and ease my mind. Your touch makes the talking easier."
"Stop it. Shut up. Shut up! Shut! Up!" He barked harshly, stomping on the floor for unneeded emphasis.
“Yes.”
she said, then gestured to them.
An unmated alpha with a good family, able to live in lavish fashion such as himself should have his pick of anyone or anything. Yet he hated his life, nearly the whole of it. He hated the complex rules of high society, he hated the isolation from experiencing the world, and he hated his father's expectations of greatness when they could not agree on what was great. Most of all, he cursed himself for promising his hand to the wrong individual. His heartstrings felt a pull to another so strongly he thought they would all snap. And there was nought to be done about it.
Dean blinked at him, raising his eyebrows. "Truffle oil? I know Charlie made sure we were loaded for life but damn, that's ritzy shit. And I didn't even know that was a kind of potato. Fancy."
Cas nodded, finding himself entirely speechless.
“You bite me with your vessel’s face,” Dean pointed out.
Dean scoffed and smacked the steering wheel. He turned the car on with a snappish motion.
"I am too. Do you know what I thought of as I lay in my deathbed?"
At some point his attention was drawn back to Jack, probably a small sound he made in his sleep. Suddenly the realization of how absurd this was hit him.
"And then when you get back and I tell you how
He paused to rub his face with one hand before biting his lip and sucking in an uneven breath. He kept trying to look at Cas, but his eyes ended up closed or fixed on the floor each time.
Dean shut the door and at first, it seemed like the same sort of nightly routine they had developed for Jack recently. Once clean, diapered, and in his sleep clothes, Dean set him in the crib, put on the rock and roll lullaby mix he’d made for him on a low volume, and turned off all the lights but a small lamp near the crib. He handed Cas the book and tapped where they'd last left off. Dean leaned over the crib and held Jack's hand, stroking his  tiny fingers a as Cas sat in the chair by the crib and began to read.
“Noooo!” Jack shouted defiantly.
"Really? You actually set up tea?  Uh… I exactly ain't the tea time type."
- every time he so much as thought the word, a thrill ran down his spine - and letting him take control. Dean could feel the hot tension low in his belly ready to snap, heightened by every sound or motion Cas made.
Cas returned it with equal fervor. The kiss was deep, it was needy, it was desperate. They ached for closeness in a way that they didn’t really understand right now. Maybe it was the victory, or the simple relief of having the world feeling still around them instead of heavy and crushing. They didn’t know, but they easily fell into each other. Cas wasted no time at all in pressing  Dean against the shower wall, placing heated kisses into the tender skin of his neck. He chased each breathless sound that came from the hunter. Dean’s fingers were so tight on his arms he thought they might bruise him, but he wasn’t deterred by that.
“Oh, yes. I see it,” the angel replied with a smirk.
“You made the right choice, for what it’s worth. Your epic length book in my library - for the first time, Dean, it’s got what most people would consider a happy ending. I don’t have a preference usually for how things end, you know that, but I thought you might like to know. I can show you your book,” Billie offered, showing the barest hint of warmth somewhere in her dark, lovely eyes.
"Uh-uh, nope! Cool it, Cas," Dean said, moving the affected hand out of reach dramatically.
“Well… that's a personal question. If I tell you, will you keep it a secret?”
Dean sighed "Fine. Fuck you. I gotta go. Kid's up. Bye, bitch," he said only semi-playfully.
The angel cried out his lover’s name.
His brother sighed so hard it crackled in the phone. "We have to turn him back. You know that Heaven is still going to come after him. Hell is still searching for him too! We aren't going to be able to protect him forever," Sam said.
"Dude, whaaaaaat?" Dean growled from the couch as Jack began to fuss again. He opened his eyes reluctantly to peer at the baby. He was in a white onesie with a yellow rainbow on it that said “BABY”. Dean had picked it up because he thought that it was funny that it seemed like some sort of label, but at the moment, he wasn’t feeling as amused by it.
"It's tough to talk about. Somethin’ did happen, that guy… he was an asshole. Um, you know I'd taken money from some other guys that were real pieces of work before but… it just went real far. I ended up knocking him out. Punched his fuckin’ lights out. Almost didn’t stop. I kept hitting him after, when I finally got the bastard down. Went and skipped town with Sammy, but… it still bothers me. And it doesn't help the… shame. Of what he did, of what I was doing. Everything. I dunno. Like, society and all that jazz too. It's just a lot of pressure and pain and sometimes...I just can't.”
"What? No, Cas. He's fine, he's totally fine."
, he thought.
to be sorry. I was trying to explain why you should be happy. What did I say that upset you? I was trying to express my gratitude and joy. I thought it would make you happy."
"If you knew what I wanted, you wouldn't say that," Dean whispered. His voice broke as he continued. "I'm no better than the monsters I hunt, Cas. I'm a freak."
"They're so much bigger than I thought they'd be! Look at 'em bein' all jiggly and chubby."
After another margarita, more rummy, and good conversation, they finally ended the night. He gave each of them sappy, big hugs and thanked them for their gifts and time and the party. Jack left with a bittersweet parting wave, and Sam and Eileen made their way toward Sam's room. Dean caught Eileen's eye on the way and he gave her a wink.
"'You shall declare a thing and it shall be established unto you'," he said slowly with a smile.
“Stop, both of you,” he said firmly, the grit and gravel of his voice as threatening as it was calm, looking between Dean and Sam. He was not going to have Dean and Sam fight in front of the baby, he was sick of that behavior. He’d read many times over now that it was not good for children to witness fighting and violence. Dean growing up as damaged as he was seemed to be relatively solid proof of that to him.
"Come on, Cas. I wanna get in that water."
"Dean, enough," Castiel snarled, looking at him in utter condemnation.
"Awesome," Dean mumbled with a smile. He shifted below Cas. "Let's hit the shower and then figure out what to do about this mess with Zeke so we can get Sammy fixed and get you home."
Dean plucked a green balloon up, handing it to the kid, who held it by the ribbon, and promptly jerked it around wildly, suddenly giggling, beating himself and Dean repeatedly with the balloon.
Castiel knew usually Dean was loud in bed, and he had the passing thought that he may not be enjoying himself, causing him a moment of worry. This concern was washed away by looking at him.
"Yeah, I'm good," the hunter said, poking at the egg, "how are they cooked? They seem kinda… wobbly. You know?"
"There are prayers I need to answer, but I will watch over you until you are asleep and return before you wake."
Dean shook his head. Cas put a finger to the man's forehead. "Your oxygen saturation is good already and I don't detect any damage. Good," the angel said in a serious tone, carefully studying Dean.
Cas pulled off his socks and undershirt. "Now I am as… comfortable as you are."
"Approximately three percent for cows," Cas nodded.
"I don't know. Away."
“Dean,” Cas moaned just before he sank his teeth into Dean’s shoulder.
"I told you that you didn't need to do that," the hunter said, shaking his head slightly. Things were feeling better now that Cas was back, but there was still something peculiar between them. Something didn't feel right.
In the hazy place between sleeping and wakefulness, he could still feel Cas’s grounding embrace, the heat of his body next to him, the soft breath hitting his face each time his love exhaled. But a whisper brushed his mind softly. A memory, perhaps. A visit, he hoped.
“Dean,” Cas complained, “my wings are perfect, please.”
and an old one by hunter standards! And I just carved a heart into a dead tree like some lovesick teenaged girl."
"No. I don't know what a good date is. I just read that we were supposed to go on dates and felt concerned that we hadn't."
Dean thought about it for a few moments. "That works. Alright, partner, close those eyes and open that mouth. I ain't done feeding ya. Remember to feel it."
"What do you think, Cas?" the hunter finally asked after several minutes. The lack of response caused him to look up and see the angel seeming to meditate. Dean rolled his eyes and continued drawing in the sand with the stick quietly for a while.
Dean looked at him, surprised and confused. "Cas, I'm sure I'm going to regret asking this," Dean said covering his face with his hands, "but HOW did a lady FBI agent
“Well…
“I didn’t find out until you tried to play at Christmas.” Sam chuckled at the memory and Dean joined in, both ending up in side-splitting laughter as they recounted the completely botched attempts at music.
So the two, just a couple of days after they finally got together, were apart. Cas very much enjoyed the time with Jack, but frequently found his mind wandering to memories of Dean, missing Dean, wanting Dean. Even hundreds of miles apart, he could feel Dean's longing.
Dean then dropped to his knees, "How about Miracle? C'mere, boy," he said enthusiastically, breaking into a smile and whistling to the dog, much to Cas and Sam's shock. Miracle eagerly walked over to Dean, wagging his tail and licking his face.
Cas felt the moment the dam on his steadily building frustration broke. There were too many layers between them and he couldn't tolerate it a moment longer. He began insistently peeling Dean's jacket off and furiously working on the buttons of his shirt. Dean giggled at Cas' inexperience and fervor but joined him by helping him shimmy out of the trenchcoat.
Dean was silent but tears streamed anew.
They stayed there a short while, breathing each other in. Dean squirmed a little uncomfortably. "We should get back inside," he sighed, looking sheepish.
"No, no, no!" he cried, gripping the cool metal pendant, feeling the lifeline to his sense of hope snap loose.
Cas looked concerned, but slowly the volume inched up. Dean had hoped he could understand it, but it still mystified him. He could hear it and it rang in his ears, different from other sounds. The animals in the area scampered away as the volume crept. Slightly uncomfortable, but not painful or debilitating even once Cas reached a higher volume.
Dean sighed. "Not well, Cas. You know. I drink or hunt, that's it."
A little more than halfway through the movie, Cas realized Dean was looking at him.
Dean sighed as knelt behind the angel. He put his hands on Cas's shoulders, making soothing gestures. "Cas… are you sure you want to do this? You still seem nervous. I don't want you to do something you're not ready for."
"I just really want you to be happy. You wanted this earlier, you wanted to wait then."
“Am I shacked up with all this? When you're in your vessel, you cram all this into Jimmy Novak's used meat?” Dean said, gesturing dramatically to all of the enormous form before him.
he thought. Cas grinned, and then turned his attention back to his task.
It was a warm exchange. The sleepy grin when Dean realized there was coffee made Castiel's heart thump in his ears.
"He's perfect. Sam, look at him. He's happy. He's chubby and pink and fucking awesome. He smiles all day. He never smiled when he was grown. This form - it's just reminding us to treat him like he already was on the inside. Cas told us that. We can raise him right, teach him. C'mon, man," Dean pled in a whisper. "Sam, if nothin' else, I need this. I need this," he repeated. "Sammy, I'm his dad. I love this kid. I need this."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean said. Well, he meant to say - but he was not in his body now. It seemed more intentional than if it was just a thought, but the words were sent without breath, without sound.
"I see. Tell me, what does your guilt accomplish?"
Castiel shook his head, unsure of what bearing this may have on staying in his cottage.
And suddenly Dean was touching his face with both hands, and before Cas knew what to do, the gentle heat of Dean Winchester's mouth met his lips.
"Well… did you ask if they'd come out and help?" Sam said with an anxious intonation.
Dean laughed. “I see I can count on you for honesty. What flowers have you brought? I am not as good with them as you, but I should like to admire them regardless.”
"No shit," Dean huffed looking at the bitten, dead fish.
Dean's voice trembled with anger and the plastic of his phone began to strain under his furious grip.
"Sure, yes, I'm sure. Please!" Dean cried out.
As always, your comments and kudos make my day! You all have been so encouraging! Let me know your thoughts! I love y'all! <3
"Why not? ...I'm so tired."
"We can stop hunting when we need to. People hunted before us, people will hunt after us. But he can be God when he's ready. And not a damn second before, Sam. Leave him alone," Dean said. He was still whispering, but something tremulous and challenging rang in his voice. He moved between Sam and the crib.
“I suppose so.”
yeah," Dean gasped in surprise with a roguish smile.
"W-what is he doing? Why is he making that sound?" Sam asked. His panicky tone revealed that he knew exactly what Jack was doing.
Sam grumbled something and he heard some rustling paper and movement. He opened the door.
"If it's cheesy, why did you ask instead of just doing it? You already know I want to."
Dean nodded absently, contemplating. They laid side by side with Jack squirmy and happily babbling between them. After a bit, Dean insisted on getting Cas up and into the kitchen because he hadn’t eaten in the twenty-eight hours since becoming human.
Cas pulled him in very close and said firmly, "I couldn't stand any brie right now."
Cas adjusted so they could uncouple but instead of collapsing beside Dean as usual, he waved a hand to clean them up and continued straddling him.
Castiel was more convinced of the reality of the situation though, and he snaked his fingers into Dean's hair and the other hand wrapped firmly around his lower back. Cas pressed his lips more firmly into Dean's and slipped his tongue cautiously into the crease between his whiskey and tear laced lips.
"He was just intimidated at first. He didn't think you wanted to hear from him. He also assumed you were too busy.  And you know he has horrible self worth issues - he didn't feel worthy of speaking to you."
“Sweet Jesus, what would I do without you,” he said, grinning.
"Dammit!'
“Doesn’t seem comfortable…” Sam protested.
Cas couldn’t help but capture Dean’s sweet, mocking mouth in a kiss made sloppy from his unstoppable grin. It was chaste and soft, but being close was so nice, especially when the rest of him felt so unpleasant.
it!" He said, victorious.
"Okay, way to leave a guy hanging. Should I get a piece of paper like in middle school and ask if you like-like me too so you can circle yes, no, or maybe?" Dean laughed nervously. He looked as scared as Castiel felt.
Cas’s wings prickled and ruffled anew. “Ah, yes. Eileen taught me. When you and Sam went fishing. She mentioned dancing at the wedding and I said I didn’t know how. She spent the afternoon coaching me. We practiced several other times as well. She wanted to practice for Sam.”
"Dude!" Sam hissed.
"Lisa," Cas blurted with more venom than he intended, flashing an immediately guilty look at Dean.
----------------------------------------------------
Dean pursed his lips and nodded. "Yeah. Not like I wanna rush the argument we're gonna have, but when Sammy says he's gonna be here he usually shows… he ain't that slow."
"You look really good in my clothes," Dean said again, lifting an eyebrow as he gave Cas another once over. He really couldn't get enough of it.
"He's not pissy. I just changed him. He's fussy."
After several minutes Cas felt much more relaxed. Soon he began kissing Dean back, just as tender and loving. He tried to let his kisses speak a message too:
Jack was smiling up, spouting a stream of tiny, colorful bubbles from his mouth.
Dean held out a hand in exasperation, blinking dully as he tried to process the information.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
"I shall be miserable. I would withdraw my affection for you if I could, but I cannot. You have the most precious thing I can offer you, and yet it is of no consequence," Dean said, his voice desperate. "We are fools."
Many thanks to my partner in crime, certainwonder for the beautiful art! Send them some love
Sam and Eileen came up and gave him tight, suffocatingly sweet hugs, Sam practically trying to break his ribs it seemed with his big bear hug.
"I wanna do something for you, Cas," Dean rasped, breaking away to look at him.
"Yes, exactly," Cas said obliviously, "I'm glad you understand."
," Dean said, snacking on a piece of turkey he'd snatched. Cas turned away from the gravy he was stirring to swat Dean away.
Suddenly, Dean withdrew his hand and took a sharp breath as if drawing back from a hot stove. Frowning, he looked at his feet and shook his head.
"I just feel like maybe you don't want to do this."
They didn't need to talk. There were no questions after Dean was able to release himself completely from the expectation of the physical. Anything they could have possibly wondered was answered before they had the questions.
"That sounds nice. Have we done that before? I don't believe we have."
Sam spluttered. "No! Gross! Stop talking to me about sex! I don't want to hear about your fetishes."
"And then I would slap your bare rear?" Cas asked, trying to confirm.
Cas embraced him, there in the dirt in the garden for a long time. "You and I have been through much together, Dean," he said after a while.
When the hunter softly rubbed his thumb in a slow circle where it sat on Cas's arm, Cas couldn't hold it back any longer. He tried to keep silent. He tried not to let his body shake as tears flooded and spilled over. The rivulets spilled down his cheeks and made the pillow wet beneath his face.
Dean hissed as Cas's arm made contact with the stitched laceration over his ribs, wincing at the renewed pain. Cas's eyes shot open immediately and he snapped his arm back with a gasp. He lifted back the blanket to see Dean's bandage.
"These are sigils," Cas said dryly, "for dampening sound and privacy."
A stupid grin spread over Dean's face. “Alright. Yeah, yeah,” he chuckled softly, trying to mentally catalog everything he’d imagined bringing.
"Look at me, then."
"Give me those," Cas growled, snatching the glasses deftly from Dean's face, leaving the hunter startled and blinking foolishly.
He didn't say anything, but he gave Cas a sort of watery smile and sniffed a little, nodding. He squeezed his hand once and then kept his eyes on the road and hands on the wheel.
Cas cast a glance over at Jack guiltily, but he was glad that Dean had nudged the seat with his foot to face away slightly, rocking the seat with the sock toes he'd slipped out of his shoe at some point. Now Jack was looking off into the woods at birds and people walking their dogs. The angel let his eyes fall closed.
"Just go away - where he can't see you!" Dean yelled.
Cas put a hand on his forehead, pinching the bridge of his nose in vexation. "No, I don't need to slow down, you need to catch up,” he scolded, “I've told you multiple times, angels can sense longing. You had such deep, terrible longing before last night. It went away. You became nervous and the longing came back."
Sam sighed and shook his head, but his hesitant grin grew bigger.
“It works. Don’t stop doing it, Cas.”
Dean snickered. It felt very amusing to hear an angel of the lord say that. "Um, come. Orgasm."
“Yours. Just do us a favor and after you destroy them, show the angels and demons so they leave us alone.”
"It's still a nice night. I like to hear the insects and animals."
"Cas, stuff like that is not in any book or magazine or on any website. That's stuff human parents teach their human kids as they grow. There's nothing out there for people like us. That's for unhappy human relationships, not us," he scowled a bit, looking sad. "Not weirdos like you and me."
Dean's eyes went wide and he seemed stunned. "Fellat-WHAT?!" His hands clapped over Jack's ears.
"I don't know who that is. But you deserve nice things. Try the fries, they should be cool enough now."
"Are you ready to lose control for me?" he whispered, softly kissing down the angel's spine.
The hunter straddled Cas and began long raking strokes down the long primary feathers, then traced back up firm and smooth along the arch of the alula. He loved how he could tell when Cas enjoyed something because he could hear him breathing. Something about how unnecessary but uncontrollable that was made Dean break out in goosebumps, knowing Cas didn't need to breathe at all, but he couldn't help letting his vessel take control.
But he was speechless.
He felt Cas's hand suddenly cupping his face.
Still, he kept his mouth shut and his eyes on the road, but near the end he accidentally mouthed the words of the last chorus. He stopped when he caught Cas smiling at him.
," he growled close to Dean's ear.
"You don't see them?"
Dean gave him a sheepish look. "No," he mumbled. "The other thing."
"Yes, they can be… childlike. You know, humans teach children object permanence as infants. You would think they'd do a better job," Cas said, frustrated. "What is the point if they can't apply the logic outside of food and toys?"
“That’s a nice one. I like that.”
"You're looking good, Cas. With the wings and that hat. Real good," he drawled, reassuming the botched voice with a cheesy wink. This was stupid, he knew that, but he couldn't seem to stop the giddy energy from coursing through him. If he was being honest, he'd thought about Cas in this hat a lot, especially since that case in Oklahoma. Stupid or not, Dean was into it.
"How can you know that? He could be dead." Dean said bitterly. Sam could see his hand shaking slightly as he tipped back his drink.
"Oh. It's nothing. Hit a tree. No big deal," Dean murmured, embarrassed. Cas wanted to kiss them better with grace, but refrained, instead hovering a hand over each of Dean's, watching the raw scabbed flesh knit back together perfectly under healing light. "Didn't have to do that, Cas," Dean murmured again, not meeting his eye.
"Shit, Cas."
Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. "We're back on that metaphysical crap, huh? What's the difference to him then if we die tomorrow or 30 years from now?"
"If you want. I never want you to do anything or let me do anything you don't want to do Cas. I mean that, always. But if you wanted to try it… I'm game."
“Don’t you get it?” Eileen said, frustrated, “Jack is fine the way he is! They’re just afraid of change,” she sighed. Sam couldn’t help but feel her exhaustion was especially pointed at him.
"Yes," Cas was saying as he panted, "My Dean Winchester. So beautiful," he babbled with a mixture of affection and desperation that sounded like the sweetest sin.
And Cas is there when he goes to sleep, Dean tucked in against his shoulder, his neck, Dean’s arm wrapped around his waist. He’s there when Dean wakes up, sometimes playing around with his phone, sometimes with his head turned to the side so he can stare at Dean’s face as he sleeps, eyes soft, always just where Dean left him. Dean asked him once if he ever got bored just lying there and Cas told him that he literally never gets bored. That’s a goddamn lie as far as Dean is concerned, because left alone for more than five seconds Cas will start
His sister's light is extinguished, and without it her true form has been forced onto the Plane and shoved violently inside her vessel. No one looking at her now would see anything resembling  a limb. She is twisted; cramped and compressed into a space far too small for her. What was once an angel, a towering being of divine power, so bright it bleached the world white around it and melted eyes in their sockets; now broken and crushed down so small as to fit inside the body of a human. His sister may be dead, but still, she is forever trapped inside a corpse. Castiel feels his own form twist and constrict in reflection, and for a brief moment it is agony, and screaming, screeching discord of a tone before he gains control of himself again.
family business. Sam and Eileen and Bobby and everyone else’s too, but– Theirs. Him and Cas. It’s fucking heady just saying it. Sam and Bobby, Charlie and Jody and Kevin and everyone else, they’re family. But Cas is
. That it is overwhelming being around them. Overwhelming, but beautiful.
And that’s why Dean can get so mad at him for so long, the way that he can only hate himself. Because he and Cas are the same. And it’s also why Dean has always tried to get so
And as the angels watch, some fall to their knees; blood streaming from empty, blackened sockets where there had once been eyes, welling out from between their fingers where they have clamped their hands down over their ears to block the echoing
And it was enough; knowing that no matter what else Cas cared for him, keeping it all this unspoken tangle, knowing that he loved Cas and Cas chose to stay with him, even if it wasn’t exactly in the way that Dean wanted. Because Dean stopped believing in God and all that crap a long time ago. Angels weren’t watching over him, except that they kind of
It’s a difficult thing for Dean to hear the answer to. Because Cas is so fucking earnest. Because for all that Dean would say that Cas' default state is ‘grumpy’ or maybe ‘solemn’, he can be just inhumanly romantic when given the opportunity. Not that Cas is
********************
to be Cas’.
with it. And it’s not that he doesn’t like it, because it touches the very centre of him; it’s just overwhelming. He can’t take it too often. Humans aren’t supposed to hear about the kind of fucking cosmic-level love that Cas talks about so easily outside of like poetry or metaphors or whatever. When Cas says stars died to make him, Dean’s pretty sure that Cas means he literally destroyed stars to raise Dean from the dead.
, then. Not really. He’d been a guy that looked like Cas and sounded like Cas and thought like Cas and had all of his memories, but he wasn’t Cas. Like fucking Multiplicity. Like Sam when he had been soulless; Cas’ Grace is an essential part of him. It’s what he
Horrified at the destruction and chaos, the angels fly back to Heaven as quickly as they had arrived. But the message had been delivered, and the damage was already done.
; a split, a crack he can’t hear but feels within himself, and then where there once was nothing there is a fire. A reflection of himself.
For that is what the Nephilim are: the power of an angel, ripped away from the Host and forced into the mind of a human child. Free will, the strength to something with it, and too young to know what they shouldn’t. Even if they weren’t an abomination - an anathema to the angels existence as watchers over humanity, a betrayal to their Purpose and a being that was never a part of God’s plan - they’re too dangerous to live.
to make you, Dean Winchester”; about how he would hardly consider it a sacrifice if they were all to flicker out just so he could have Dean near.
So Castiel does what he can to show them appreciation in return. He rarely takes the same vessel twice, and never more than three times. Some of his siblings have preferred vessels, forms that they have shaped themselves into many times so slipping back into it is easy and comfortable, the human soul pushed to the side without any complaint. But Castiel remembers his first vessel reaching out to him in desperation and despair, calling out to his Grace with her own hurt, and he knows that being a vessel causes them pain.
When the time comes, only his brother Azrael is chosen to complete the task.
, of course he does. He thinks about Cas pretty much constantly whenever they’re apart. He misses Cas in his
It spreads quickly throughout the Host, and as one they turn their eyes to the Earth, to the garden grown by Joshua to mimic the great garden of Heaven. As above, so below.
of Michael’s voice. Others flee the city, calling out to their families in their own tongue, all shared language forgotten in their terror.
And the archangel Michael hears their concerns, and he comes down from the Throne. He looks into the minds of their builders, and he sees the plans for a great tower; tall, yes, and imbued by powerful magic that extend it far beyond its physical dimensions. Up and up, and pushing through into another Plane. Up into Heaven. Up so they can see God. So they can be on His level.
And then Castiel turns away from the ruin of his sister, and he lays eyes on one of the Nephilim. At first glance it looks like nothing more than a regular human baby; small, fragile, unblinking eyes almost too large in its face. He wasn’t Created to question his Father, but Castiel had always wondered if He had perhaps made the gestation period too short for humans. He gets it now, though. Seeing something so vulnerable, humans could not fail to form an instant protective bond.
And as Castiel pulls away he hears her, like a clear, pure bell rung stuck with absolute conviction: “I cannot worship a God who would do this.” It’s blasphemy of the highest order, a betrayal of the most sacred covenant between humanity and his Father. He knows he should take it, too.
********************
“Don’t think about it too hard.” Cas says, and he smiles, and Dean gets the distinct impression that he’s teasing him. Sometimes Cas still doesn’t get teasing, but sometimes he gets it all too well. “And be quiet. The X-Files is about to start.”
“How long, Cas?” Because Cas is often accused of being too blunt or too literal, but he is remarkably good at talking around a topic and leaving you forgetting you asked a question if Dean lets him get away with it.
He still hunts with Sam, sometimes, when they’re both not busy doing other shit. It’s
Humans create. Not like the angels, pulling new beings from raw matter.  But they build with what they have; structures and tools and jewellery from what would otherwise be geographical features and waste. And they create for
It is safer this way.
But, above all Castiel loves to sit with his brother Balthazar, who plucks new plants and animals from the well of celestial power as effortlessly as he himself was Created. He has a particular affinity for insects; red and gold and green bugs skittering over his form like little jewels, shining in his own light. Castiel watches as Balthazar’s Grace spits, slow and clean, and a beetle crawls out of the crack. Castiel reaches out a tendril of his own Grace and settles it in front of the bug, and it clambers from Balthazar’s form and onto his own seemingly without a care.
And so, he orders that the Host descend upon the land that the humans have named Shinar,
********************
promised land, if it were Castiel, he would have continued forever on blind faith alone. But the humans– they find their strength in each other.
So Cas sits with Dean in his car, sits in the place Sam should be sitting, and he lingers. Just for one selfish moment. He shouldn’t even have the capacity to be selfish, and yet for that moment, it is everything that he is. When he laid siege to Hell, he could not have known how meeting Dean would change him. But of course, it didn’t change him. Because he has always loved Dean, for as long as he has existed.
“Not since the beginning.” His voice is still low and slow, almost placating, as if he’s worried that his intensity is going to make Dean freak out. It does freak him out. He fucking
Soon some of Castiel’s siblings spend more time Earth than they do in Heaven. He always refuses the offers to go himself. Uriel tells him he’s wasting his time. That he was Created for war, and humans have so many of them that need fighting. Anna tells him that he’s missing out, that you can’t live among the humans and not be drawn to them, not come to care for them. That they
********************
Castiel takes up both no space at all, and entirely fills the space it is in. He exists in harmony with a vessel’s organs and muscles and flesh, and he must push them out of the way to make a space for himself, their insides shifted across Planes of existence. His Grace burns under his vessel’s skin, a terrible fire that bleaches their bones like a skeleton left out in the sun for years on end. And Castiel is simply
of things that humans are not; of the blood pumping through their veins, of each individual cell as it ages and decays, billions of tiny deaths scattered throughout their bodies every day.
. Angels have form, after a fashion; eyes, arms, legs, heads. More than other beings as a general rule, but recognisable as a body. But beneath it all, as their truest selves, an angel is simply celestial intent given Purpose. They are a wave of light, of divine wrath and infinite mercy. In his true form, Castiel could not fit inside his vessel. But as a wave, he can fit anywhere.
, not Cas. Because every time Cas had Fallen, had lost his Grace, was because it was stolen from him, taken by force and not by choice. And yeah Cas chose humanity, and Dean knows without having to ask he’d do it again in the heartbeat that he only has because Dean likes to listen to it and, well, the fact that Cas
He is not
After, Castiel spends more and more time upon the Earth. The humans call on him often in the days before a battle when fear is at its highest peak, just as they start to lose the ability to think rationally. Castiel has watched them for generations. He knows how they will fight, and he can make plans free of the knowledge that he might die the next day. Original and independent thought are not angelic strengths. As a species, they are far more comfortable following
An easy enough task, though forbidden. The Archangel Michael tells them that the only way for humanity to remember its place in the cosmic order is to also remember how small they are within it. But, Castiel thinks, it would not be right of him to ask something of another being and not offer to fulfil a request in turn. After all, were not the angels tasked with looking after humanity? And she gave him her body without question. He can do this small thing for her. No one else need know.
So sometimes Dean will see something he thinks Cas would like, and he’ll snap a quick picture and send it to him. It’s easily the most Dean has ever used his phone camera outside of anything case-related. He never got into sexing or any of that shit. It’s nice to actually be touched. Sue him. And anyway, Cas
Dean wishes he didn’t find Cas hilarious. Because no one else would laugh at Cas’ straightforward delivery, his finger quotes. No one else would even recognise that he was trying to be funny, and everyone can tell how whipped Dean is that he does. “That’s a lot, man.” He says.
, because he really fucking isn’t. He’s never bought Dean flowers or heart-shaped chocolates or any of that shit.  He just doesn’t know any better.
Castiel watches on while his siblings Create. He had tried his own hands at it a few times, poked some stars into existence. It’s easy enough. If he reaches out just
And Sam smiles a lot, every time Dean tells some fuckwit to stick his pool cue where the sun don’t shine, every time Dean stammers over a girl. Smiles more than Dean has seen him smile since before Dean sold his soul. Hell, since before that day at Cold Oak, when he died for the very first time. Sam
Castiel seeks out his own bloodline, and in a nearby city called Bela he finds a devout woman that answers his call. She has dark hair and brown skin and pale blue eyes, and when he tells her that they will rid the world of abominations together, her soul embraces him with great a joy. It’s a warmth like nothing Castiel has ever experienced before, utterly free of duty or obligation and given without reservation. He settles into her body; feels the tingle of Grace under his skin, the brush of skirt against his ankle, the pinch of slightly too small shoes on his feet. He reaches out with human arms, human hands, muscles flexing and stretching, a
Sometimes when Dean blinks awake and shifts a little so he can look at him better, Cas has his eyes closed and his chest rises and falls like he’s breathing and Dean doesn’t remember it, but he knows Cas has been wandering through his dreams. It should feel like a violation, having someone in his head, inside every unconscious thought he has. It doesn’t.
A lot of things humans do are pleasant, Castiel finds.
They gather together on the edge of Heaven, and as one the angels leave their home and take their first steps upon the Earth. The light from their Grace is so bright it washes the colour from everything around them, and when Michael calls to the city to come out and witness them, his voice knocks down trees and crumbles rock. He draws his sword and plunges it down into the foundations of their great tower, snapping wood and rope, shattering stone to mere rubble, nothing but a deep, dusty crater left in its place.
“I wouldn’t expect it to have been. I am
It’s not exactly hard to say no thanks, because he has Cas and there’s literally no one and nothing he wants more. But. He’s never really spent a lot of time turning down sex before, and every time he has to fight down the instinct to wink, to flash a smile that has just the hint of ‘maybe if you keep trying I’ll give in’. Back then, it had been the only comfort he knew; anonymous sex with girls who never treated him as kindly as he had wanted, but only because he had never been brave enough to ask it from them. He’d tried to show them, touch them gently, skimming fingertips and soft puffs of breath and they’d gone harder, faster, I’m not some delicate flower you have to look after, and there had been nothing for Dean to do but scoff and shake his head and pretend it was what he wanted too, that he had just been doing it for
. And Cas deserves to be appreciated and
Birth, and not Creation. The Nephilim were never meant to exist. Without a plan, they force their way into existence, no choice but to take from where they can. Castiel loses five eyes. He will never be able to watch his back again, but he knows that compared to many of his siblings his losses are not especially grievous. Eyes are hardly the only part necessary for a burgeoning new species, particularly not one that requires pieces that only an angel can provide.
********************
Because if it were the angels making the way to
Humanity is what it is. It can never be anything else. It is curious and intelligent. Loving, yes. Kind, often. But covetous and
And, like, Dean has always known and accepted that Cas isn’t human. Even the times when he was - or was as good as, as far as he could be - he wasn’t. Because humans are resigned to the human condition even if they hate it, and every time Cas had Fallen or been forcefully ejected into humanity, he’d fought like hell not to accept human limitations. Dean knows that Cas is
There's an angel sitting beside him in the passenger seat, and he’d been dead and came back and for one clear, shining moment Dean had thought that Cas was
Creation is Balthazar’s Purpose. But it is not Castiel’s.
, and that had felt more true than anything that had happened to him in years. But he’s just an angel and he can’t bring Sam back and he’s just going to leave Dean, too, just like everyone leaves him. Just like being
It’s sort of like talking to Claire, and hearing her reference some internet meme that makes no sense to Dean even after she’s explained it. And Dean only puts up with that because it’s a miracle that Claire even wants to talk to them at all, and he knows how much it means to Cas that she does reach out on occasion. Dean doesn’t really get it. She should hate them. It would make more sense if she hated them. They stole her father from her. Because Cas may have been the one possessing Jimmy’s body, but Sam and Dean had been the ones who’d followed him around hoping Cas would take him back. It wasn’t fair, cruel even; and Jimmy had seemed like a nice guy, a good dad whose family had clearly loved him, and Dean had been
He gets a kick out of it, Dean’s sure; fluttering into the bunker when Dean’s out grocery shopping, so he comes back to find Cas watching TV or chatting earnestly with some visiting hunter who’s watching him with stars in their eyes and one hand on a weapon. Then, Dean can sidle up to him, press their arms together, maybe tangle their fingers, and pretend like no more time had passed since they last saw each other than it took Dean to buy bread and milk and ammo. Or, winging in while Dean’s just pottering about the bunker doing mundane shit. He’s overcooked more than a few meals when Cas has strolled into the kitchen unannounced. Once Cas popped in while he was in the bathroom, his reflection suddenly staring at Dean from the mirror like some cliché horror movie ghost while Dean was brushing his teeth, and he nearly stabbed himself in the back of his throat with his toothbrush when he jumped in surprise.
And so the Empty thought: "If he's losing his powers, it means... Oh no, no, it can't happen! Nobody can know it! I just want to go back to sleep”. But it was happening in the kingdom, so it was under its responsibility.
«Dean...» Sam tried to say, but Dean raised a hand as if to tell him that everything was fine. The conversation was over. He picked up the laptop and headed to his room with Miracle at his heels.
«No...»
Dean gets up to accompany Cas to change. They ask a guy who works at the beach bar for the bathroom key, then Dean positions himself in front of the door as if he were a bodyguard, while Castiel enters the cabin.
Castiel's throat was parched. His legs ached, but he kept walking. He didn't know how much time had passed, but it seemed like an eternity. The fingers no longer gave off even a golden spark. Perhaps he had become fully human or nearly so. Either way, he felt like a prisoner. A prisoner enclosed in the dark. It was awful. There wasn't even a drop of light in there, except the memory of Dean. That was the only rope of hope he had left.
«Dean, you taught me what love is. I'm not sure I know what to feel in these cases, but it's something quite profound.»
«Strange» he replied and Dean smiled, eyes cast down, fixed on the empty bottle.
Dean swallowed, looking him straight in the eye.
«Goodbye? I think I've said goodbye to you, I'm pretty sure.»
“No! I don’t feel enough experience about this,” he says and Dean’s heart feels so relieved, now.
“I would love to,” Cas says with a smile. “Maybe tomorrow, though. Today, I just want you to enjoy your birthday.”
«Oh. Well of course and I still do» Castiel said and Dean felt his heart begin to beat faster in his chest.
«Hurry, though. You must do this while you are still an angel and have a connection with him. Otherwise, as a human, he won't hear you» Michael said, while Castiel no longer felt his fingers itch from the Grace that ran through his veins.
Cas sighs, then he agrees.
Then, he heard a beating of wings. The beating of a heart, his. And the forgotten voice of a person who had meant a lot to him before.
He got up from the ground, thinking of a plan, before yet another regret hit him again and he could no longer think clearly. In the past he would have prayed to Chuck, but now it seemed useless.
«Castiel... What's happening to you?» the Empty asked, astonished. Castiel looked at Meg, or at least, at her face, looking for some empathy, but without finding any. He was all alone there, without Sam, Jack and most importantly, Dean. He didn't know what to do and it was terrifying. He looked at the Empty with fear, his blue eyes so dark, the Empty asked itself how he could even see. He seemed so lost. His hands were trembling, barely covered by the trench coat. It was like all the light he had came off him. «My powers... I'm losing them.»
«Oh, Dad killed me because I tried to help them in the beginning. That's why I'm happy they beat him in the end. I heard everything from Meg» he explained.
Another regret thundered in his head like a cannon shot. Why hadn't he made Dean speak, in Purgatory? Maybe Dean wanted to tell him something, but he hadn't given him time to do it. And now he would never know. He spent years feeling something for Dean, he even rebelled because of him, using his free will, as Chuck said, for nothing. He didn’t blame Dean, of course, but himself. He should have let him talk or he should have confessed his feeling to him very early, just to see what it looked like. He would have seen Dean’s soul changing like a painting that slowly come out, while the painter fills the empty spaces with colours.
«You know you are so much more than you think, Dean» Sam told him before hugging him. «I'm really happy for you, man.»
Cas looked up and saw in front of him someone who shouldn't have been there. Someone who was still alive on Earth, for as long as he knew. One moment: if he was there, then what the hell had happened to Sam and Dean?
«Castiel?»
“Dude, that’s why I suggested you to wear a shirt like ours barely an hour ago,” he replies.
Dean sent the job apply with shaking fingers. He really hoped to be able to become a mechanic. Then maybe in the future, after saving up some money, he would open his own bar. There was time after all. Finally he had it. And he also had the freedom to do it. He smiled sadly at the laptop as he heard Sam and Eileen talking in the kitchen. He left his room and looked out the door. He saw them laughing as Eileen smeared Sam's nose with flour, while he had his arms around her hips. It was a very sweet scene, but also an intimate one, so he left them alone to cook.
A smile came to his face at the memory. He missed Dean so much. If she thought about it hard, his absence felt like a grip in the stomach. It hurt in places he didn't even think he had, such as the joints or the epidermis in the back of his knees. It was a dull ache that prevented him from walking.
«Don't talk» she said.
Castiel took a step back, but tripped and fell to the ground. Panic took hold of him. He was scared to death. He tried to use his powers to protect himself, but not a spark came from his fingers. It was over. He would have died in there.
Dean felt his eyes get glossy. He wasn't sure where that was going, but he had decided that this time he would have played it well. He no longer had time to pretend he felt nothing for Castiel.
«You're real?»
Dean seemed to freeze, as if he had turned to ice. He was paralyzed. He only managed to part his lips in an “Oh” as Sam felt more and more guilty.
Then, a sudden revelation hit him. What if Sam and Dean were already dead? Maybe Chuck had won. Perhaps the Winchesters and Jack had already been erased from existence. A lump rose in his throat. No, it couldn't be. They couldn't be dead. Meg would have told him, to make him suffer.
«I wasn't… I wasn't watching porn!» Dean exclaimed, his cheeks slightly red and Sam chuckled.
«Dean, you don't have to feel guilty about...»
When he looks into Cas’ eyes again, he doesn’t see fear, but rather confusion.
«Eileen, hey… Don't worry, I'll take it out tonight, since you've cooked. The cake was really good, anyway.»
«So, what's it like to feel the flavors again?» Dean asked him, alluding to the fact that Castiel was back to being a human like a few years before.
“Nothing happened, it’s just that… I never got something to me, because I thought I couldn’t do that, but now I’m forty-two and maybe I should just claim something for myself. Something I would like to experience for the first time and I hope he doesn’t ruin our friendship, man, I really do,” Dean says.
“What?”
«That I sent a resume!» Dean exclaimed.
Castiel's absence hit him in the chest like a boulder. He hadn't told Sam about Cas’ confession, but he kept reliving that words every night. He saw his face, his eyes flooded with tears, his smile as he walked away peacefully. And it hurt like a knife. He hadn't even had time to process what he had told him. He had not been able to answer him, because he was too paralyzed by his words. That was his biggest regret. He should have told him how he felt about him a long time ago, but he wasn't ready yet. He still didn't understand what he wanted from life, but now it was clear to him. He wanted him, just him. But now he would have only his memory forever.
«You really wanna know? Well then, I'll explain it to you: you don't belong here anymore» the Empty said.
«This has to stop.»
He would have walked even more than fourty days and fourty nights, just to get back to Dean.
Dean quickly pulled down the laptop screen, shaking his head.
«If being dumb is a disease, then yes, you are.»
«What are you doing?» Sam asked, coming out of nowhere.
«We'll fix you» that's all the Empty said.
«You're human forever now, Cas. Do you realize it? You will grow old, you will get sick, you will die... like me.»
Cas turned, tears burning in the corners of his eyes.
Sam swallowed.
«You will never see the sunlight again!» Meg yelled. «And neither your stupid boyfriend for sure!»
«You miss Cas.»
Cas looks at him confused.
«I may also have overheard that you are becoming a human. Is it true?» he asked with strange interest, as if he were plotting something, but he certainly couldn't hide it from him.
«Come with me, I'll take you away from here.»
«Dean, it's me. I'm here.»
Castiel frowned.
Castiel felt it all amplified now. Everything hurt a lot more. Memories, or better to say, the regrets, were like pins that pricked his flesh. The Empty felt more like a place of torture than something else. It wasn't all that different from Hell, after all.
Eileen smiled at him, finally understanding the root of the problem.
“I can feel the sand in my trench coat,” Cas suddenly says, making Sam laugh.
«Would you like to do all of this with me?»
«Look, I need to talk to you about something important» Sam said, sitting down at the table across from him. Dean nodded. «Dean, me and Eileen...»
«What's wrong?»
«No, not…»
«Michael?»
“Dean, nothing could ever break our friendship. We’ve been through much together, you and I,” Cas says and somehow, those words remind Dean of all the times he wished they were more than friends.
He shook his head. He opened the laptop and looked at the screen again, where the list of jobs he could apply for was prominently displayed. Maybe he would be alone in that bunker, maybe for all of his life, but at least he would have something to spend the time with.
A flash of understanding passed into Michael's eyes, who was surprised. Castiel felt betrayed, betrayed by his own feelings. Vulnerable. Emotions so human, as to make him understand that the transformation had taken place completely. He was human again. Meg was right: he would never see the sunlight again. We might as well give up.
«No, Cas» Dean said, rolling his eyes. «The last thing you told me.»
«He's just sick.»
That’s why he felt so lonely without Dean. Loneliness would have eaten him alive. Meg had hidden it very well, because he no longer saw anyone around, neither awake nor asleep. Maybe everything was back to normal and he was awake only because he was partly human. This was no place for him, but he figured Meg didn't want him out, that's why she had to keep it hidden from Chuck, even though he doubted God cared about him. But he had to go. He had to go back to Dean. Before things were different, he was at peace with the fact that he had been able to save him by sacrificing himself, but now that he could actually see him again and live a normal life with him, he wanted to return to Earth at all costs.
“Fine.”
“Well, neither am I. I guess we’ll just learn how to make this work, together.”
«Cas...» his name finally slipped from his lips, each letter sliding on his tongue like an avalanche.
"Live a normal life". He had never really thought about it before. Perhaps because the time he had been human had lasted too short or because he had always thought he would remain an angel forever, but now he could no longer think of living without Dean. It would have been alright to just be able to be his friend forever, just to be close to him, even if he didn't return his feelings. On the other hand, loving another person means wishing them happiness, right? Dean had taught him that himself.
«What do you want me to do?»
«Jack, it's Castiel. I am in the Empty, I am becoming human. Please get me out of here. Jack, please...»
«Nothing» he hastened to reply.
Michael had already left him alone. He ran to Uriel, Ruby and the others to explain the plan to them. He should have let them out as he had promised Ruby to repay them perhaps, but he didn't have time to think about it, because they had already started to mess. The noise woke Meg - who may not even be sleeping -, who ran to check the situation. His eyes were bloodshot. She didn't notice him as he told the others to be quiet. Castiel was short on time, so he braced himself and used every ounce of energy left to him to call Jack. He prayed intensely, but he could not understand if he had heard it or not, so he did it aloud.
“Dean, is everything okay?”
Castiel didn't already understand what was happening to him, but the Empty knew it so well. It had to hide him or God would have found that there was something weird. Someone who was not supposed to be there. Yeah, that was not his place anymore. Castiel tried to escape from the Empty's grip, but he was tired, like he hadn't the energy anymore to do something.
“Please, don’t be scared,” he says, looking at his lips, whispering like it was a prayer.
Dean went to bed after saying goodnight to Sam and Eileen. He rolled over and over in bed, unable to sleep. He looked at the clock several times, but it always seemed to mark the same time. He looked around and saw everything dark. He wondered if he shared Castiel's vision. A small consolation in that nightmare. God, how much he missed him. He pulled the jacket with Castiel’s bloody handprint on it closer to him, as if it were his best friend and closed his eyes. A warm tear rolled down his cheek.
«W-why?» he asked, his heart beating faster. He still had it, it seemed.
«Sam! Dean!» Eileen shouted.
«I realize that, Dean. But you know, humans fascinate me. And I always thought you were the best among them.»
Every part of himself screamed, as if Dean had touched his exposed nerves, one by one, every single fiber of his body, every cell of his skin. He was burning as if he had had a fever. As if Hell had dragged him into his deepest mouth. And he thought he would have chosen Hell a thousand more times if it meant saving Dean. Every single time.
I heard your prayer.
«Thanks. Dean, I know that Sam...»
Castiel smiled at him, a smile soft and bright at the same time. It warmed his heart.
«Castiel?»
"Hey Dean, I forgot to take my shirt. Could you pass it to me please?" Castiel asks.
There were some angels and demons standing in a circle around something. They were murmuring something like "How's possibile? or “He can't be...", but the Empty didn't hear so well their words. Ruby noticed it and made a sign to the others.
«Of course, here is all the space you need! You choose the room for her and then...»
Dean clenched his jaw. He couldn't answer her verbally, so he just shrugged, while a lump in his throat prevented him from speaking. He wanted to tell her "Sometimes" but he knew it was a lie. He missed him constantly, but tried not to show it. In short, so as not to worry Sam. Or so it was said, at least.
Dean laughed. “Uh, yeah, that does make it kind of less fun.”
"No, not resting. I feel like you're… far away. Just - I'm glad you're back. I'm glad you're okay. I'm sorry I yelled. I'm not really that mad at you, I was just scared. I'm sorry," Dean said softly, pain twisting his face. Cas could see his soul, deep blue, less bright than usual. The apology hurt the angel even more than the "I love you" had. He had to stop himself from physically recoiling. He was very aware of his vessel right now, and was fairly certain he felt nauseous. The deep connection Dean gave him to his emotions and budding soul could sometimes be unpleasant in that way. He felt things much more strongly and physically than he used to.
Twenty-three young hunters murmured back a chorus of affirmations they understood. Dean began walking through and helping out the students.
Dean reached a hand out to stroke Castiel’s hand beneath him, again feeling awestruck. As he stroked the hand he was sitting on, Cas’s arms and celestial fire began their “angel blush” as Dean had called it.
Dean readied himself and lined up with Cas, and then slowly pushed in. He took a shuddering inhalation, feeling Cas's heartbeat and the heat of him, the tightness. Likewise, Cas softly moaned Dean's name, closing his eyes. "Yeah, Cas, you feel so good," Dean whispered in awe of his lover. He stilled for a moment, watching Cas to see if he was ready. When Cas nodded, Dean began to move, slowly and tenderly. He was not about to rush through this. He closed his eyes and buried himself again and again. He squeezed the angel's muscular thighs, slowly letting his hand travel to Cas's achingly hard cock as he bucked into him over and over again with ardent vulnerability.
Cas looked at him with exasperated puzzlement for a moment, then sighed, shook his head, and looked through more bags.
Cas leaned forward and reached around, firmly gripping the hunter's cock and jerking him in tandem with the thrust of his own hips into Dean.
"I like baklava!" Jack exclaimed, mouth full.
Cas nodded again. "Yes, that's what I said."
Cas let his hands fall to uncover his eyes. He looked at Dean.
“Hell yes!” Jack mimicked joyfully.
Dean let out a shuddering sigh. "You're crying. Man, I'm such an asshole. I'm so sorry," Dean mumbled into Castiel's neck.
"Never said I don't like it!" Dean said, waving his hands wildly as if to dispel the notion. "I like it
Cas bit his lip and nodded, clearly not entirely assuaged.
"No. I was pretty tired. What did I say?"
Cas had been fed up with being consigned to the kitchen, and had been listening in. Slowly, he'd inched into the war room, feeling pulled by the waves of anxiety rolling off his righteous man. Eileen tried to gesture at him to go back, but he shook his head. He slowly came toward Dean, who was turned away from him, rambling. Sam gave him a look out of the corner of his eye, but focused back on Dean, who was still demanding good date ideas from Sam.
"Okay," Dean chuckled.
game," Sam reminded them, while Eileen giggled. Dean finally cracked and smiled at the angel. Cas smirked, but he raised that one eyebrow in the way that made Dean melt.
"Enough! Both of you!" Cas shouted sharply. It took Dean off guard enough that he jumped in his seat. Neither brother said anything for a moment.
Dean flopped limblessly onto the bed afterward, half-asleep already.
"Yes, quite," the angel said in a dazed voice. After a moment, he turned to look at Dean. "You were playing with fire, you know. My oil glands… you really must be careful."
Cas watched as the whites began to bubble and become opaque at the edges with a rigorous intense focus.
"Okay guys-," Sam said, standing and trying to pacify them. Jack made a small whimpering sound from where he stood in the doorway. This got Cas and Dean's attention. The tension and anger in the air dissolved as they turned toward him. For someone in an adult form, he looked awfully small and helpless as he looked at them.
"You don't gotta thank me for that,  Cas," he said softly. "You needed it. Now I…. need it. People, they just need, y'know - comfort. Contact. Hugs and shit."
Sam's mouth went from agape to snapped shut.
Cas gave him a dubious look, but as the words stopped the tension grew once more. Cas let his hands begin to wander and stroke all Dean, and he leaned into each touch they gave him as well.
“God, I thought he’d never leave. Alright, Cas. Whaddaya say we go up to the garden?" Dean said eagerly, rubbing his hands together. Cas nodded and they made their way up.
"Yes. I'd like very much to taste you. I've never done this before...I hope I can please you," he said. Dean thought it was insane that a celestial being was about to give him a blowjob - and he was
"It's fine, Cas. Relax, it's okay. I'll get used to it," Dean soothed with soft kisses.
"Well, be that as it may, he's right - safety first and all. Hard to test the theory without hazards," she said. She primly straightened up and then clapped.
"Nothing weird Cas. Just a little, uhm...contact," Dean reassured him.
"I'm not enough. I can't do this. This is… fuck!"
However, Cas did
Dean dropped the sponge in the bucket and crossed his arms. He sucked his teeth and looked at Sam sharply.
"Dean… is Mr. Castiel the one you spoke of?" He said quietly, regarding the groundskeeper with a kind smile.
Cas tilted his head, still confused by the ritual, but he had learned in his time that the last thing you do during a human ritual is ask about the ritual or point out that it is a ritual. Humans were sensitive about that. He had determined that he simply must learn by experience and observation. It had become something of a living puzzle, and here in particular he was eager to solve the mystery.
A great deal of time passed before  they finally let one another go. Cas brought Dean some food and water and patiently urged him to eat. He held his hand and coaxed him. Dean was almost silent, but eventually ate and drank.
"Emergency pack. Kept it in my jacket."
"I was surprised by you," Cas said quietly, raising his other hand to Dean's cheek, looking deeply into his eyes. "I didn't think you would stay restrained just by my instruction. To give someone that kind of power over you… I'm honored you would trust me with that."
"Mmm, Cas, you gotta stop feeding me. You're gonna make me fat," Dean said with a groggy chuckle.
"Good things do happen, Dean," Cas sighed with a sad smile. "I still say the same things to you all these years later. I just wish you could accept them."
you and I don't want you to watch you
“You should have woken me sooner,” Cas purred softly as he leaned over to place a tender, lazy kiss on the hunter’s cheek.
“By ‘pretty sure’ I hope you mean ‘completely confident’. They are obviously strongly attracted to one another, but there’s more there. It seems like love in its infancy. It’s very endearing.” Cas said matter-of-factly.
"An infant, yes. Jack, in fact," Cas murmured. The baby looked up and cooed at Cas. Slowly, Cas reached down to touch the baby, who looked to be about four or five months old.
Dean shook his head and wiped away his tears before giving Sam a hopeless look. “You can’t, man. Just be good to Jack,” he said after a long moment.
"Cas, c'mon," Dean murmured.
Dean felt suddenly giddy and light as he realized that Cas was still here - and not only that, so were the wings. If he could see the wings, it was all real. He wasn't imagining it. He wasn't dreaming it.
"Hey! You might be immortal but I'm
“I’m terribly sorry, next time I marry you, I’ll be sure to state it explicitly," Cas said flatly.
The one thing he could say he had gotten from this experience though is understanding how bad it hurt Cas when he drew away and put up barriers between them. It hurts just as much as when someone physically walks out. It has the same effect. It made him understand better why those around him took it so poorly when he was defensive and deflected their attempts to reach him. It hurt like a son of a bitch.
Oh gosh, I just want to thank you all. You've been so ridiculously kind to me. All the kudos and comments and asks on tumblr have just lifted me up and kept me going.
Very rarely, Dean might softly sing, but when he did, Cas knew better than to call attention to the fact he was listening. Cas thought he had the loveliest voice, but even as comfortable about most things as the hunter had become about sharing parts of himself with Cas, he was still too shy to sing if he knew the angel was paying attention. So when Dean softly sang the lyrics, Cas pretended to be very focused on the dandelions he was removing from around the gardenias.
"Wow," Dean said, mouth agape. He blinked foolishly a few times and then began to grin.
, he thought.
The prophet cleared his throat and remembered Dean’s question. “Well, yes and no,” he sighed. “Not until you called me. It jogged my memory on something weird I found in Metatron's annotations.”
. Together! That's
Jack began crying. Cas began trying to soothe him with toys.
“Why can’t I go?” Sam pouted as he came back in.
"Are you fucking for real?"
"Hey there, Rowena. I wondered if we could arrange a little get together."
The conversation lulled and Dean told him goodbye.
"No. You're not. Man, you're dreaming. You really need to wake up."
Sam shook his head. "We need him to be able to tap into them. You said they're still there, and if you can sense them, then who knows what else can. We can't hide him forever. Everyone in Heaven, Hell, and… well everywhere in between wants to use him," The young Winchester's expression was painfully pleading.
That night, Dean Winchester resolved to defend Jack at any cost, no matter who stood in his way. Jack was going to grow up human, come hell or high water. He would kill or die to ensure that.
Cas wouldn't look Dean in the eye, which as far as the younger Winchester was concerned was probably the largest red flag of all considering the constant eye fucking he usually had to bear witness to. Sam had determined that he needed to do something as the energy in his home had only worsened over time and it was unbearable. He never thought he would miss them eye fucking, as weird as it was.
Cas sighed. "I don't know what I like yet."
“Okay. I promise,” Sam said. He took his brother’s hand and the two sat quietly, sitting with their pain. That wasn’t unusual for the Winchesters, but at least this time, there was a spark of hope underlying all that aching sorrow. This time, they were not sitting alone, but feeling it together. This time, there was a promise of real healing.
"Kid, your timing is really something, huh?" Dean chuckled with an exaggerated groan at the intrusion on their moment. But with a warm smile, Cas watched him scoop Jack up and place the back of his hand on Jack's head and then belly again.
"Alright. Consider yourself informed," Cas said matter-of-factly.
"Look Cas. You've puzzled out the … longing. Okay? You got my number. But I don't want you to give me anything - even… fuckin' thimbles - if it's just 'cause you think I want it and you don't want it back for yourself."
Jack beamed. A beautiful, gummy grin and a huffy little laugh. Cas suspected it had to do with the fact Dean was smiling at him first, but Dean seemed happy nonetheless.
"Why are you doing that?" he asked with distaste.
Cas sighed.
He took out the pies next. "Geez, did you get one in every flavor? Apple… cherry, blueberry, peach… strawberry… oh, man! Dutch apple too? I don't know how you want me to eat all these, but this is awesome, Cas," he beamed.
Dean nodded. "Yeah. You look… comfortable."
Dean scoffed, but said nothing else.
Cas scoffed. "I really don't think that being imbued in the core of yourself with the might of Heaven and power of God's Will and having that stripped from you can be compared to a failed target practice. But yes, I would still love you if you were bad at shooting," he admitted with a slight smile.
, Sammy! Nineteen! Not to mention the years of build-up." Dean shot a frisky grin at Cas.
Cas looked at the fussing infant again. "That's not what happened. He was happy with me earlier, now he wants you. Please."
“C’mon Cas,” he said, still laughing. “Dig in.”
"Gabriel's pretty good at nicknames, gotta give him credit. Do you smell that? Something smells so good…"
He cleared his throat. "And so - hopefully, this beer isn't covered in superglue - I'd like to toast the happy couple," he said, raising the bottle. "A toast to being happy and to free will and to love. Lotsa fuckin’ love. I love you guys," he finished quickly, swigging back a sip of beer and practically throwing the microphone away from him.
Dean smiled
"If she had no fairy dust or flying or magic, would he still love her?"
"Look… Sammy was
helpless even with the damn handcuffs on.”
The dolphin nudged Dean for more affection, which he gave eagerly, happy to turn his attention to something else. She whipped away for a moment but came back with something in her mouth. Dean couldn't make out what it was, but she got tired of waiting for him to take it and took the object to Cas.
with things and opening cabinets or boxes or whatever is around. He just never gets bored of
Dean turns his head back so he’s looking at the screen. Lets that stew for a moment, the sound of some asshole insisting that his fake collectors edition tin lunchbox is definitely real screaming over the silence. “It hasn’t been as long for me.” It’s not his best joke but Cas still lets out a little huff of a laugh and Dean instantly regrets not watching it happen. He looks over again, and Cas is wearing a smile that’s nothing but fond.
Castiel already has his blade in his hand. He knows what he has to do.
And then, the prayers began; vague, and soon increasingly specific. Gabriel, please tell me if my sister is alive and well. Raphael, please heal my son. Michael, please smite my enemies. At first they do not answer, afraid of the destruction they had wrought. And then, almost by accident, the archangel Gabriel discovers that with permission, it is possible to inhabit the body of certain, special people, and use their vessel to converse with the rest.
When they ask, Dean tells people he’s semi-retired. He keeps the watch. He doesn’t wear it because he doesn’t want to run about with ectoplasm or whatever congealing under the band because he forgot to clean under it. But it’s motivational. Aspirational. He thinks about giving it to Cas to look after in the meantime but it feels too much like he’d been giving him kind of a weird promise ring, and he’s not some fucking teenage girl. Plus, Dean doesn’t know if Cas wears his vessel when he goes to hang out with the stars and deep sea monsters and shit but if he does the watch would probably break or explode or something that would be an equally bad omen if Dean is projecting any notions of the future onto it.
And Cas stares at him.
Sam and Eileen always drop in within the hour of him texting and asking if they’ll visit. They’re never busy hunting or working or even out to dinner, and Dean can only assume that Cas lets them know when he’s leaving and to be prepared. Dean wouldd be insulted, but he’s mostly touched (by an angel - a joke that he
And Cas says “okay”.
He doesn’t finish the question. It’s a difficult thing to ask, and it’s difficult for him to admit that he wants to know. “How long has it been?” Or; “how long have you loved me?” How long has Dean been loved the way that Cas loves him? What can Cas’ love endure?
And the first time that Cas felt a pull towards humanity, he didn’t see a human again for thousands of years. But he couldn’t turn away from Dean; even in Heaven, he would do little but watch him until he made his own way though the Gates. Because the truth is, that Cas doesn’t really have opinions on things. Or: Cas doesn’t really have opinions on small things. What to eat, what to wear, where to sleep; these things don’t matter to him. But the big stuff, questions of right and wrong, good and evil? That is what he is made of.
Things like: if God made them in His image, and He gave them dominion over His creation on Earth, then why should they be content to merely worship Him? Why should they not be alike to Him? Why should they not hold themselves as equal to Him? And why should they not be able to see Him, so they can ask these questions themselves? And humanity is curious and inventive, and soon words alone aren’t enough.
that he is passed over for the job. He does not regret what happened with the Nephilim. He was given a task, and he knows that it was Righteous. And he knows that if he was told to go down to Egypt, then that would be Righteous as well.
things in a way that angels cannot; camaraderie, passion,
And Dean is used to getting blank looks because most kids weren’t raised by motel room TV, seedy people at laundromats and bored late-night supermarket employees. But Cas has a frame of reference that’s unimaginably large and almost no ability to casually bring up anything he knows, and he has thoroughly overtaken Dean in receiving ‘what the fuck?’ looks from strangers. It’s kind of nice, people looking at him like
; more than half out of his mind with emotions he wasn’t created to even have, let alone understand. Being ripped apart and becoming something wholly new, something even God hadn’t anticipated. Cas had been even more scared than she had, because she had been so certain, so full of faith that an angel had come to save her family. And Cas had been tortured by the only home he ever knew and then spat back out. And neither off them had
for almost as long as Dean has known him.
Because even though they have those normal people times, sometimes Cas does leave. Sometimes he flits off to answer prayers, quick in and out. He can’t interfere with free will, but if there’s something happening that’s outside of human control then he might be willing to give it a little nudge. And all hunters know that they can pray to Castiel, Angel of the Lord if they’re in a tight spot and need someone to burn out a monster and save their ass. Just so long as it’s not between the hours of 11pm and 7am without fair waring that it might happen. Dean didn’t help save the world multiple times just to unexpectedly wake up alone.
what he means. Because even when Cas is being all vast and unknowable and speaking about infinity as easily as Sam would talk about yesterday, Dean has always understood him.
, not even a kind word, but just so that he could be wherever Dean was. So he never worries about Cas abandoning him like he does with literally everyone else, and even though Cas does leave sometimes Dean knows he’s going to come back because there’s nothing out there in existence that he wants more than Dean’s safety and happiness; not revenge, an education, a normal life, not anything that everyone has always chosen before Dean. But, it’s still so hard to convince the little four year old boy that was left behind by his father in a motel room that he can be
But, Dean also knows that Cas stays for him, because he wants to be with him, and because this is Dean’s home so Cas makes it his own as well.
, and even if Dean had only taught Cas doubt in return, the irony of all fucking ironies is that they came out of it believing in each other.
that Cas put a little bit of himself into Dean, that Cas made them of the same stuff. That Dean
Every angel knows that their lives are not for themselves; that they were Created to serve a Purpose.
Cas promises that one day, when Dean’s just a soul and he doesn't have to worry about inconvenient things like breathing, that he will take him to every beautiful place he has visited, to every icecap and desert, to the very depths of the ocean. To whole other galaxies, to planets and supernovas and little balls of ice hurtling through space that no human has ever seen, and maybe
And then:
. For love and for friendship. Castiel has siblings, brothers in arms, but that’s because that is what they
Castiel reaches out gently with his Grace and slips slowly into her memories. They’ve barely even started to form. He has a suspicion that he could probably do nothing and her mind would simply repress the day all on its own. But it’s not what she asked, and he wraps the last few hours up in his being and detaches them from her mind.
There had been a brief moment in time when Dean had hoped that Cas would give up his Grace and choose to live as a human. But that– that was about
But still; there had been a point where Dean had hoped Cas would be human for good, when he had been so afraid that angels couldn’t
There is the war, and the Morningstar and his followers are banished from the Host; alone for the very first time in their existence, when they had always been surrounded and joined with the light of their siblings. Plunged into silence when the angels had always been pressed together; mingled, overlapped, born from the same Word. They had always lived in each other’s heads, the harmonisation of their Songs completing each other. And now they are gone.
When Uriel speaks to him of it, he is furious that he was not chosen, that his conviction and his sword arm were not deemed strong enough. Anna frets that she has done something wrong, to be considered not worthy for a soldier’s job. But Castiel doesn’t feel much of anything about it. And that is remarkable in and of itself. He is being denied the fulfilment of his Purpose, of his very reason for existing, and it should hurt. But it doesn’t.
. Now it is always,
********************
He’d signed the salary offer and started the drive out to Lebanon and turned back to the bunker, all in seven minutes.
Castiel is not chosen to kill the first born. The Word comes that Pharaoh has defied the Heavens for the 10th and final time, and Castiel remembers his first vessel telling him that they are only children.
older than you. We are probably “creepy” by your human standards.”
Claire has told him how it had felt being possessed. How mostly what she remembers beyond her own fear is that Cas had been lost and confused and
And sometimes when Dean’s having a bad day he’ll find Cas where he’s sitting looking over some map or hunched over Dean’s laptop watching Netflix, and he’ll plant his hands firmly on his shoulders and bend down so he can bury his nose in his hair and just breath him in, all of his senses full of
It’s almost a pleasant ache; the anticipation of seeing him again. Just a little twinge every now and then, when he looks around and Cas isn’t hovering nearby. Mostly he just talks out loud and knows Cas will hear him wherever he is, and it’s like he’s just in the next room over, listening along.
So it’s just him and Cas. Saving people. Hunting things. The family business.
But now Dean’s got something just for him. He’s got his own room. He’s got Cas.
the normal one for a change.
that when Cas raised him from hell, he made him - just a little - in his own image. Not in God’s, because angels were never that. His. He's
Cas comes home from his wanderings at odd hours.
********************
But if Dean’s picking a favourite, it’s when he’s curled up warm under the covers drifting between awake and asleep, and Cas crawls into bed behind him; an arm snaking around his waist and Cas whispering against his back, the nob at the top of his spine, his lips soft and wet against Dean’s skin. And Dean wraps Cas’ hand in his own drifts off to Cas’ voice telling stories of the places he’s been, the trees and the mountains and the stars. To the comfortable heat of Cas, like a low campfire on a cool night no matter the actual temperature, burning calm and steady
Because in the darkness, despite the danger in the unseen, despite the great expanse of the unknown all around them, they sing for their children.
And speak they do. For their Father created humans without a reverence to Him, only the faith that they choose. And they have not heard from Him in many years. Obedience to Him is not built in to every single fibre of their being like it is for angels, and they speak blasphemy with each breath.
To Castiel, it is all essentially meaningless. But that awareness somehow finds its way from him to the soul he is sharing space with, and it is not a knowledge that humans are supposed to have. It’s not something that they can understand, just as he cannot understand their instinct to doubt or the impulse to procreate. It is torture, in a way. Giving them a glimpse into a reality that is so much larger than their own. And when Castiel leaves them, they keep chasing that vision, no longer content with the word around them. It slowly drives them ever so slightly mad.
And maybe, Dean likes to hear about it
Dean. He has opinions about Dean.
So the angels take up arms against their siblings.
. For Dean. And for Sam.
But Michael says that they have gotten ahead of themselves. That it has been so long since their Father spoke to them, that they have forgotten their place. That it has been so long since they last saw an angel, that they have forgotten the might and majesty of the divine.
sense that there is something a little unnatural about him. None of them can quite look him in the eye, but they never fail to invite him to share a meal. That he doesn’t eat doesn’t really seem to matter. The process seems as much communal as it is practical, and he can still pass along dishes.
War is nothing the angels thought they were made for. They were for praise, for protection, for
Castiel has not, in fact, existed since the Beginning. No matter that Dean insists that he’s “old as balls”. Cas had reminded him that, relatively speaking, balls aren’t even that old; and that he is, if he’s being truthful,
feels like it happened to someone else entirely.
for who he has always been.
know if angels have brains in the traditional sense, but whatever Cas has got, it’s always whirring away with plans on top of plans on top of strategies to get every single one of them through whichever dumb mistake they make next. So Cas is
********************
“–Stay?” He only catches the end of Dean’s question.
; whether to return that part Cas gave him or to take a bit more, greedy and lonely and desperately wanting connection, he can’t say.
In the Beginning there was the Word, and the Word was God. And then his Father spoke, and there was light.
The rest of Heaven took some time to rest. Their existence had gone from birth to Creation to the war, and so they had had the chance to lie back and look up at the stars. Metaphorically; lying down and looking upwards in Heaven would have had them looking at nothing.
Dean’s driving away from Stull Cemetery, away from the pit to hell that his little brother threw himself into to save the world. And he’s empty, he’s
At first, watching over them had been easy. They tended to stay in small groups, seemingly preferring to live amongst their own families. There had been that unfortunate business with the extinction of several similar hominids, but that was to be expected when multiple species attempted to fill the same evolutionary niche. Also the Flood, which was better not thought on by anyone.
Cas cups his face and rubs his thumb across his cheekbone and says shit like “stars
than them. He’s been around since before such potential methods of reproduction were even thought about, let alone a necessity. Dean had spluttered about that not being what he meant. And Cas actually
They make music. That is the thing; the truth. The angels Created things that are more beautiful than humanity; rolling hills and the colour of the sunset on the ocean and a tiny yellow and red bird with a black tail three times the length of its body. But nothing that could make
And from that light, came the angels. Came Castiel.
Dean lets his head loll to the side, his cheek settling on the arm he has stretched out across the back of the couch, fingertips brushing at Cas’ shoulder. There's some pawn shop show on the TV that Dean had been staring blankly at for the past five minutes, but Cas is already looking at him so he clearly wasn’t even pretending to watch. “How long?” Dean says.
But, this is what Cas has been told:
he know why he was Created.
So Dean says something about Cas returning to Heaven, and Cas takes that as his queue to leave. He spreads his wings wide, and prepares to step into the celestial Plane. He says one last, silent good-bye to the Earth, and then–
Castiel can’t help but admire their tenacity. His siblings have long since given up on seeing their Father. And here is humanity, barely a blip on the radar of existence and already so sure of their place in it. So sure that place should be
keep making until Cas smiles at it) that Cas and Sammy are working together to make sure he’s looked after. Kick up an absolute stink if it was ever confirmed outright, but as long as they don’t talk about it then he can accept it.
than coming up with one of their own. In a pinch they will default to obedience rather than leadership. It’s just how they were Created. But Castiel has watched and he has learned, and the humans under his charge have never lost a war. His strategies
. That’s just not something you brag about; ever. Really should be a given. Except for when you’re Dean. And you’ve never had a place to settle down in. And you’ve spent most what little childhood you had and almost all of your adult life living out of motel rooms with your little brother in the next bed over. And you’ve always told yourself dirty, anonymous rooms with mysterious stains and funky smells and mattresses that make you wake up with a headache and aching muscles are all that you deserve.
********************
Dean doesn’t miss him when he’s gone. Or, well, he
They don’t notice, at first. They have been covering for the gaps in their Song for so long that it is nothing to pick up another melody or harmony. They do it almost without knowing. But Castiel is sitting in one of the great Halls of Heaven, where the pillars reach up and up like trees stretching towards the sun, so high that the tops shimmer and fade into the unseeing. And he watches as his siblings go down into the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah and do not come out again.
The first house he looks through is empty, as is the second. But in the third, he finds what he is looking for. One of his sisters lies dead on the floor, the part of her wings that manifest on this Plane of existence scorched into the dirt. Looking beyond that, Castiel can see what is left of
Sam’s got a standing room that Dean never touches while he’s not there, leaves it exactly as Sam left it every time he goes back to his own house, and Dean simply refuses to think of it as empty nesting. But the bunker has plenty of other spare rooms for hunters who happen to be in the area, who might be looking for books on lore or somewhere to hide or just don’t have the money to spend on a hotel room. Dean’s spent most of his life - from child to teen to adult - in the hunting community, but since he and Cas settled down from apocalypses and world-ending events he’s realised just how few hunters he knew compared to just how many are out there. Probably would’ve been real helpful to have known about them before.
Cas, in some small and fundamental way. Like that Greek story about souls being split in half, except that Cas made them that way, not fate or destiny or any of that bullshit.
Castiel has never seen his Father, but it is said that humans were made in His image. And when he looks upon them, Castiel sees the face of God.
********************
Brecause in that space, that little world that they have built for themselves, they create their own rules, their own morality, their own idols. False ones, perhaps. Blasphemous, certainly. But beautiful in the reality that they imbue them with, the truth they find in their own creation. They put a little part of their own soul into everything that they touch with kindness and with every soft word they speak; so generous with their very selves.
But. It is not Castiel's place to question his Father’s Word.
********************
the smell of gasoline and tar and endless, open fields, dried and dusty from the sun. It’s Zeppelin on the tape deck and the wind ruffling his hair through Baby’s open window. And it’s an angel in the passenger seat, holding his hand.
He's hardly the only angel who thinks this way. His sister Anna grows one single tree; high on a mountainside where it will be touched by nothing but sunlight and frost, its branches twisted and knotted and grasping towards the sky, roots clinging desperately to rock. It’s not a large tree, stunted by circumstance, but unique in all the world. Castiel turns one eye to it often, to the way it keeps growing beyond Anna’s gift of Creation; how it keeps living all on its own.
So he keeps watching. And they make art. They tell stories, born entirely in their own mind. They go out of their way to protect plants and animals and lifeless stone formations, all utterly incapable of knowing what they’ve done for them, but that they love just the same. They craft weapons and tools and they carry them from place to place even if they are heavy and inconvenient, and they cry when they break no matter that they could pick something very similar straight up off the ground if they chose to. They see themselves in the world around them. From the indifferently flowing stream to the wolf to one another, they look at each and they recognise at least some small part of the way that they themselves live and love and feel. And they tether that spot to their heart and they know that they are all here on this land, on this planet, together.
But even so. It is necessary to give it all up, to protect the soul in his care. So he does. He has only ever wanted to
, if only to make sure he got sent to Hell. So Dean has no use for religion. But Cas is–.
, really, since he was ripped apart by hellhounds. So he didn’t feel the slightest bit bad about sending Crowley back to hell sober.
And humans are so easy to kill. His sword goes through them like their own hands pass through a ray of light. It could hardly be called a fight; the angels leave them massacred on the ground. The cuffs of Castiel’s sleeves are uncomfortably sticky with blood, his shoes stained red and brown from the muck on the earth. Cleaning it off would take a mere thought, but he has not finished his task.
And life continues on on Earth, as it does in Heaven. Until the Nephilim are born
Sometimes, when it’s an unexpectedly difficult hunt, he’s even been known to call up Balthazar on the heavenly hotline. Which is– Dean wouldn’t say he
A man after Dean’s own heart.
. And then angels start to go missing.
He’s never alone anymore. Too many people care about him.
And maybe one day he'd try it again and try it proper, but getting in his car, driving on the empty road, he’d realised that he still wanted to save people. He wanted out of the life, but that didn’t mean he had to stop hunting. He could find a balance, and he's
He lifts it up slowly until it’s at eye-level, and the closest row of eyes stop rotating so he can have a clear look at how perfect every single part of it works; the horns, delicately curved; the body a smooth, glossy black; the legs, tapping softly as it walks, catching just slightly on his Grace. So tiny and fragile, but every piece of it so precise, crafted with such care.
Sometimes, when Sam is busy, he hunts with Bobby or Jody or any of the number of other hunters that call him up and ask for a hand. With Aaron and his golem. One memorable time with Crowley, when there was some supposedly big-name demon that Dean had never heard of gunning for the throne and he had thought, well, better the King of Hell you know. And he doesn’t trust Crowley as far as he can throw him, but at least he knows how far that is. So he and Crowley met at some sleazy upscale bar Dean wouldn’t have been allowed in by himself, and Crowley had asked him about Cas a truly worrying number of times, and Dean had only been sure for about five minutes that it was all an elaborate trap for him when they caught up to the demon they were hunting. In the end Crowley had shot her with the gun Dean had dropped in the ensuing fight, and then had tried to talk him into heading out to a quieter bar together, and maybe Dean could give Cas a call and invite him to join them. If Dean didn’t know how much of a bastard Crowley was, he’d almost say he saw a flicker of disappointment in his eyes when he turned him down. Then Crowley had whistled as if to a dog, and Dean didn’t know if she was even there or if Crowley was just getting back at him for turning him down, but he flinched despite it having been years, a
big no. So whatever the angelic equivalent of homophobia is, almost all of Cas’ entire species has it for him, and has had it
So. Dean does ask him to stay. And Cas says yes. And at the next intersection, Dean turns the Impala South.
When the angels remember to check in on humanity, they find a great city; high walls, bustling streets, and thousands of people all speaking a common tongue.
So the angels answer prayers. And when it quickly becomes apparent that there are more humans that ask for their help than the archangels can possibly answer, then they begin to delegate.
, in a way that defies his own ability to see or understand. He's a wavelength, squashing itself down into a tiny human body, barely contained and crackling just under the surface to be let free. Dean had asked if it had hurt, once. Cas had tried to explain but it had turned into some physics shit that had made Dean want to go brain himself with one of the bunker’s more esoteric science books for the dramatic irony. The short answer was no, but also that he wasn’t always comfortable having to occupy a human form, having to look human, being mistaken for human.
That doesn't mean they don’t sit across from each other in diners all across the continental US, knees nudging up against each other under too small tables, Dean stealing Cas’ fries because he doesn’t eat food unless Dean made it for him, but he needs to order something to keep up appearances.
After, Castiel watches the Chosen as they wander the desert. For 40 years they have nothing but sand and the sun and mana from Heaven that is sent to keep them alive, as they never find the land that was promised to them; an endless struggle for seemingly no reward but hope.
And Dean does. Love him.
die for him and Sam both. That Cas cared for him in a way that he wasn’t supposed to, a way his siblings considered strange and embarrassing and in need of correction. Dean doesn’t think angels are capable of homophobia, because as far as he can tell gender is largely theoretical to them, and sexuality is somewhat of an abstract concept. They don’t object to Dean being a man - and even if they did Cas isn’t exactly a man himself but that’s a whole other kettle of fish. But they do object to him being a Man. Capital M. Of the hu- variety. Because contrary to popular belief, Dean actually has read the Bible. Bits of it, anyway. He’s spent enough time in hotel rooms with nothing but a broken television and the old King James, and he’s skimmed through. So he knows that angels and humans hooking up is a big no.
. Even when he had thought Cas simply wasn’t Created with the right parts to experience those emotions, that it would break him in some fundamental way if he did; Dean loved him. And he knew that Cas cared for him, would die for him,
it, because he and Balthazar don’t exactly get along, except that they also kind of get along really well. Dean likes him about half the time - when he isn’t dropping incredibly unsubtle hints that he and Cas, like, angel-fucked. Dean knows they didn’t because Cas
********************
Castiel had passed his time watching a termite colony. They reminded him, somehow, of his siblings - the way that each do their job, and together they build a structure that should be well beyond their capabilities. He watched them as they scuttled through their mound, protecting their queen, ensuring their grubs grew into insects, and the cycle repeats and repeats and decades pass without notice.
Claire, a little girl barely in her double digits. It’s so fucked up, Dean doesn’t know where to start even thinking about it. Claire should
But sometimes, it’s more than that. A desperate prayer, a cry for help; those will drag Cas away for an hour or so at absolute most. But sometimes, Cas gets– well, if Dean were being flippant, he’d call it
Eventually, Castiel learns to simply turn off any awareness of his vessel. It is a genuine shame. He  misses the feeling of the wind ruffling his hair as he runs, and the sun on his skin. He misses the relief from stretching and pulling his muscles just right, the strange, small pleasure in flexing the tendons in his hands. And he misses most of all the unexpected warm feeling of the warrior beside him throwing a friendly arm around his shoulders, the lingering phantom hand patting his arm. Angels can touch, in a way. In another way, they are always touching; their true forms passing through each other effortlessly. And in another, more real way; angels cannot touch one another. They can’t
. Not to God. Not to Heaven and all its fuzzy little angels. Not to any of the myriad of deities and monsters that Dean knows are out there.
And sure, he can’t take Cas out with him when they’re at home, because they don’t want the neighbours to wonder why he never ages. It won’t even be that long and people will be looking at Dean and thinking ‘creepy old man who doesn’t realise that his younger boyfriend is only with him for the money’. Not that Cas is exactly some twink or anything like that, because Jimmy was pretty firmly in his 30s and a little rough around the edges when he said “yes”, and Cas has flipped between human and angel so many times that he’s been ageing on and off since they’ve known each other. But, Dean doesn’t need the eyes on him, doesn’t need to be paranoid in his own town.
that Cas is never going to leave him, not of his own volition, because Dean saw the worst possible future; where the Devil won and Cas fell for
Outside of the Impala, Cas can feel everything. He feels the Earth itself spin. There’s a song about that; feeling the Earth move. He remembers hearing it once in an advertisement for a car in Australia. He likes songs. They’re full of allegories and metaphors and all sorts of things he doesn’t always understand, but the sentiment is clear. They remind him of Heaven, the Song that his very being resonates to. He should go back, he knows that. The Song of the Host is now barely an echo of what it once was. So much of the Chorus is now empty.
His brother Uriel Creates some particularly amusing looking fish; some with teeth far too big for their mouthes, some with a truly excessive amount of long, willowy fins, a couple with such poor structural integrity that they practically collapse when not forced to hold a shape by outside pressure. Another of their brothers takes one look at Uriel’s Creations and shoves them into the deep sea where no one else will see them. Castiel has the uncharitable thought that some of his siblings do not appreciate a good sense of humour; so when Uriel comes to him with the design for a bird with preposterously large feet, he distracts them with a question about a large rainforest they are coaxing into life while Uriel sneaks the finished bird onto one of the middlingly-sized landmasses.
wishes he had more time to do all that normal shit; more time for him and Cas to just sit around and exist near each other, nothing more expected of them. More time for them just to be quiet, skin pressed together, casual and solid and warm. Only almost. He’s pretty damn happy with what he has. If he’s honest with himself, he doesn’t even know what he’d do with a normal relationship. He’d probably be bad at it, always waiting for the other shoe to drop. Probably panic. Probably throw two changes of clothes and as many weapons as he could fit into the back of the Impala and drive and drive as far away as he could get and be miserable and lonely forever, never again touched as gently and carefully as the way that Cas touches him, because he couldn’t stand it if anyone else tried. Those long fingers dancing lightly up and down his ribs, barely making dents in the places that his body is becoming softer from good food and not constantly running for his life; those fingers
«No Dean, we thought… to move in together, somewhere else, you know» Sam interrupted him.
«I do not know. There is no light. Maybe some demon is trying to enter, I don't...»
«What are you doing here? Castiel asked, deeply frightened. «What happened on Earth? What happened to Sam and Dean?»
«Oh.»
«What?» Cas asked, confused.
Sam gave him an eloquent look.
He was getting human again.
«Jack.»
“Hey Cas, I’ve got another shirt, if you want to change it,” Dean offers.
But then he wondered what happened to Sam and Dean and fear returns to take possession of his body.
«Thing?» Sam asked, amazed. «Dean, that's great!»
«Do you remember what you told me when the Empty took you away?»
«YOU!» Meg yelled, before joining him in anger. Michael tried to stop her, but he couldn't.
«No Sam, you're right. It’s great! Soon you will start a family, it seems right that you go and live together. Alone. You deserve it» Dean said, with his usual fleeting glance. That's why Sam realized that he was upset.
It’s Dean’s birthday and life’s never been so kind to him like today. He’s sitting on a deck chair next to Cas and Sam. Toes in the sand, hawaiian shirts and sunglasses on. Dean’s inhaling the scent of the sea, while he’s listening to the noise of the waves, eyes closed and a sense of bliss in his mind. It’s like he has found peace, for once.
«Why are you here?»
«Yes, well, I sent some of them actually. I hope they will take me to a workshop. After all, the Stanford student here is you and not me» he said, referring to Sam being back to study.
«I'm afraid I don't understand you, Dean.»
Dean gets his sunglasses on his forehead with a finger in order to look at Cas. It’s hilarious seeing a very ancient being like him wearing a trench coat at the beach. Crowley would have laughed too. He smirks.
«Hello, Dean.»
«No, Cas, let me finish this. Please» Dean said. Cas was silent. Dean took a deep breath, then continued, «I'm not telling you this because I feel guilty. If there was even the slightest chance that you had been out there, I would have opened that door anyway» he said. Every word was forced out of his mouth. Saying his feelings out loud costed him very much... it was something he hadn't even managed to confess to Sam, even though the weight was becoming so important that sooner or later he would have surely done it. «Cas, I would have liked to tell you everything in Purgatory. Damn, I wanted to tell you something even before Billie opened that door, but we’ve always run out of time. Or maybe that's what I kept repeating to myself to suppress all my feelings lower and lower, as if that could serve to make them disappear. But then you said those words to me and I... I couldn't pretend anymore, do you understand?»
Dean.
God, I miss you so much.
And you know, it’s just the way he says his name, Dean, with the tongue that rolls over his palate, that makes him shiver. It’s the fact that he never told that with a sparkle of love, but rather annoyance, that hits him right in the chest. The fact that he can see his Adam’s apple vibrate when he makes those four noises. A breath in a day in which you can’t even catch one. Dean’s name on the tip of his tongue.
«You told me "I love you ", okay? You told me you loved me.»
«You're angels, angels get constantly changings.»
“Cas, I think that we’ve got a problem,” Dean says, turning around to notice Cas undoing the bottoms of his shirt. He gulps.
«All right, then shoot.»
Dean suddenly woke up, sweat running down his spine. It was too dark in that room. He tried to turn on the light, but it wasn't there. Then, the bunker went into alarm. It looked like there was someone inside.
And maybe it is. Because when he kisses Castiel for the first time, he feels like every prayer he said, every wish he asked, have been granted. Cas has always been the most significant wish he had ever asked.
«Then let me help you.»
«Yes, of course, jerk» he joked.
«What's happening to me? Just tell me! I can handle it! It can't happen something worse to me anymore» he said, with sadness in his voice. Thinking about Dean. About all the things he didn't tell him. His biggest regrets. Ruby was right: that was a really terrible place to spend the eternity in.
It was all too fast. It was quick the way Dean pulled him to him and hugged him, it was quick the way Jack patted him on the shoulder and disappeared, it was quick the glance that Sam and Eileen exchanged as they stood looking at them aside. But he distinctly felt the warmth of Dean’s breath Dean on himself, along his left ear and his hands gripping his trenchcoat.
But he leaves it to her; her one certain, traitorous thought. Because if
And sometimes Dean will see something and wish that Cas was there so he could point it out to him and see if he can coax out one of Cas’ still all-to-rare smiles. These days Cas smiles more in a week than Dean thinks he ever saw him in the years before. It’s settled nicely on his face, wide and easy and a little gummy, not something he has has to imitate anymore. But it’s never enough, for Dean.
Dean laughs. “Sure, buddy.” He swivels back to the screen as the synth starts up its little whistling tune. Privately, Dean thinks all his hunts would be at least 50% creepier if the X-Files theme was playing in the background. He also thinks that Cas has a bit of a thing for Agent Scully, which, he can’t exactly blame him. Fucking, who doesn’t? Cas may not be human, but he’s got
Kevin, Garth and Charlie will occasionally drop in on their monster nerd world tour. A prophet, a tech genius who hooked up with a fairy and a hunter who’s all about hugs and sock puppets - there’s no better example of the next generation of of hunters. The three of them have been out
It is a fate beyond cruelty, to suffer that silence. But it is the justice their Father demands for breaking his Law. And while those that are left raise their voices to fill the spaces, the perfect resonance is lost forever even to the angels that did not falter in their duty. A fitting punishment for allowing their siblings to be lost.
And for the second time in existence, the Archangel Michael commands the Host of Heaven to go unto the Earth.
. It’s just like old times.
. Because yeah, Cas will occasionally pace, or tap restless patterns on every surface within reach. But ‘twitchy’ doesn’t explain the way that sometimes he’ll look at Cas, and Cas isn’t quite there. Doesn’t explain the way his eyes loose focus like he’s looking through the walls and dirt that surround them, or the way he’ll drift almost unconsciously towards the bunker door, fingers brushing over the doorhandle before he comes back to himself. Doesn’t explain the way that Dean will sometimes catch Cas looking at
is not free will, then he does not know what is.
Castiel looks upon them. Not large, but not small either on the scale of Earth’s creatures. Somewhat unremarkable, even: two arms, two legs, two eyes. No interestingly shaped parts or amusingly disproportional protrusions. But there is something about them that is undeniably intriguing. Without claws, without armour or any great speed or wings to fly, they carry themselves with the confidence of an apex predator; straight and tall, focused entirely on each other, so sure that nothing can touch them. And Castiel knows for certain that this entire world, it was created for
is all he’s ever known.
********************
worried that Castiel would finally realise that he was too good to be slumming it in the mud with the humans. But Cas likes the dirt. It’s living; nothing can grow without it.
never see with the looming threat of, like, climate change and shit. That's one apocalypse that Dean is leaving to someone else to solve.
And Cas has
But inside of the car it’s just him and Dean, and Cas wants to hold onto that feeling for just a beat longer. It's like nothing he has experienced in all of eternity. Because he knows how Dean feels about him. Dean’s soul cries out to him; desperately, shamelessly, clutching at his Grace whenever it can. Cas would have to be completely Fallen not to hear it. Even as close as he had come, it had still been the loudest thing in any room where they were together, and often even when they were apart.
Instead, Castiel watches the plants grow and the mountains slowly but surely crumble. He watches the animals as they skitter across the Earth and swim through its oceans. He sits with Balthazar and they watch his insects together. Every now and then they will pull one from its colony and refine its design. It’s intricate, time-consuming work.
And sometimes, before, it felt like his life had been nothing but shitty diners with those sickly halogen lights that aren’t quite bright enough to comfortably read a menu by, and shittier vending machines at roadside hotels that have probably never seen a full-time cleaner. Just abandoned factories and rundown churches and that old, rickety house on the hill that no one wants to go near because they
Cas is sorry that he doubted Sam. He’s more sorry that presumably he will never be able to tell him that. He has recently received somewhat of a celestial promotion, so perhaps he will be able to visit the Cage unharmed. But it’s doubtful how much of Sam will be left by the time he makes it there. It isn’t fair. And of course, life isn’t fair. Cas himself has been the instrument of that unfairness many times. Life just happens. Until it doesn’t. But life has been especially unfair to the Winchester brothers. Because in the end, despite the best laid plans of Heaven and Hell since the beginning of time, Sam Winchester was
, eons of knowledge pretending to be some guy in this 30s in an ill-fitting suit, but put a problem in front of him and his first instinct is to try and brute force his way through. And he’s honestly pretty shit at the whole research part of the hunt, interviewing a witness, building a case, but point him at some dick who’s hurting people and it’s hardly a fair fight.
Cas is there when Dean takes a shower or cooks a meal or watches television; content to share in the mundane parts of Dean’s little human life, eyes soft and smile slow and easy. And living with someone not his brother, doing the cooking and the cleaning and driving to the supermarket where the cashiers know his name and all that shit; Dean thought it would make him feel like some 1950s housewife, keeping the home fire burning or whatever. But it doesn’t. It feels– good. Strangely rebellious. His dad would fucking hate to see it - Dean and domesticity and a
So the Fallen are driven from the Host, run out of Heaven and into another Plane made from fire and darkness and pain. A place that is shapeless and formless until the heat gives way to a bitter, deathly cold. And that is where they cage Lucifer; once the brightest of their brothers, now burning with a false dawn, his screams of fury echoing around in no mind but his own, a constant feedback of hate and rage.
Anyway, Cas does love him back. So. Dean supposes that he gets everything that he ever wanted, too.
at books more than he likes to read them. He bets that if he asked, Cas would have a favourite font but not a favourite novel. He's really more of a TV guy; and Dean knows he’s led armies, and he
Well, his Cas’, but that’s a whole other thing. Like, hey, me and my long term partner have our
Before the humans, the only Creations that sang for the sheer joy of it were the angels themselves.
Dean’s got his own room these days. The kind of shit you’d brag about to your friends in elementary school. But, Dean never actually had friends in elementary school. And also, he didn’t have his own room. So he’s decided to just be inordinately proud for a grown-ass man about having a bedroom that’s
But it’s not painful, not like it used to be, when he was always,
. Not really.
When Castiel releases his vessel in her home, she weeps at at what they have accomplished together. He tries to tell her that it had to be done, that she will be rewarded in Heaven for her part in ridding the world of the abominations, but she will not hear him.
Castiel takes his observations to the Archangels. Michael tells him that he should be doing his duty on Earth rather than just watching. Rafael says that he is mistaken, that they cannot see any angels in either city. Gabriel promises to keep an eye on the situation, but Castiel is pretty sure he’s lying. And there's nothing he can do about it. While their Father is away, the Archangels are the Highest Law.
Dean has been slowly digitising the bunker’s library. He’s not exactly the most tech-savvy guy, but that’s more from not really wanting to learn rather than any ability not to. He knows how to fix a car and McGuyver an EFT reader, and once Sam showed him how to scan books onto his laptop he took to that quickly too. He’s been learning about camera angles and lighting and showing proportion in still images so he can take photos of the assortment of Objects just sitting all around him to put them online. Last time he stayed over Sam had joked about turning the collection of spell ingredients in the bunker into some kind of hunter grocery store. And Dean kept his mouth shut on saying that that was actually a pretty good idea, but Charlie has been building him a website so other hunters will know what they have available. Dean calls Bobby regularly to discuss how he should be categorising all the junk.
But it’s even nicer to be looking at Cas across a sticky window table and to have Cas looking back at him, and some poor waitress standing by waiting to take their order and having to pretend that she didn’t hear them talking about a vampire or a werewolf because there's no way that’s what they actually meant. And knowing that in the whole diner, they’re the only two people that understand each other.
Even when he had thought that Cas could never love him back, because he just wasn’t made for it. Not didn’t.
After, they’ll stop in at a bar for a drink, maybe hustle a bit at pool just to keep the skills fresh, even though Sam and Eileen both have part-time jobs that pay them in real actual money, and between Charlie and Cas any financial issues Dean might have are irrelevant. Dean riles up douchbags who think they can cheat him out of the money he’s owed, and awkwardly turns down girls who hit on him.
“That’s–“ Dean starts, stops, swallows. “That’s not as comforting as you think it is.” But even as he says it, Dean finds that it’s not quite true. It does help. Because Dean
Dean swallows, his hands trembling while he takes Cas’ cheeks into them.
And Castiel also felt the last bit of hope disappear along with his words.
The laugh that went up Castiel's throat, Dean could hear along the skin. What a nice noise it made.
The Empty just wanted to sleep, that's all. Since Jack exploded, the demons and the angels were talking so much. It had to stop, one way or another. So that's why the Empty quickly stood up from the throne.
“Don’t worry, I’ll just get you out from here with my wings later,” he says, then he gets the white shirt off.
«Every word?»
«Dean, I've caught you watching porn before, I'm not shocked anymore.»
«Dean! What is happening?» Sam yelled, joining him in the hallway with bare feet.
Jack smiled at him.
«Because...» the Empty began to say, enjoying that moment, «you're turning into a human». Castiel looked at it with blank eyes.
«Yes, and then he pretended to be you. He spoke to me in your voice and made me believe you were out here, hurt. I ran upstairs and let him in.»
“Don’t,” he says, while Cas is fully dressed now, breaking the silence in the cabin.
The first time he saw Dean’s soul, he was amazed by it. It was completely white. Usually, those were the colours of children’s souls, that why Castiel felt like something was wrong. But then, he got to know him better day after day and because of that, Dean’s sould finally opened up to him. It changed slowly, like it was hiding from him. It was like seeing the waves of the sea coming near to your feet when you’re at the beach. The white and the blue mixed together. His soul revealed the blue parts, the dark ones, in which he was scared of his Dad or scared of himself. When he had got the Mark of Cain, it was completely black. But usually, the white parts were the larger ones. They were the memories with Sam, the memories with his Mom, the love he shared for the world, the faith, the weaknesses. Sometimes, Cas could even spot some of his memories with him and it made him feel warm inside. It was like his imaginary grey soul could merge with Dean’s and from that, their colours could become one. One big ocean.
Dean smiled at him.
“The same way? Yeah, I get it,” Dean interrupts him, disappointed. He should have seen it coming, after all.
Castiel took a step forward to get closer to him. Time seemed to have stopped around them. He had walked a long way to get back to Dean and now that he saw him in front of himself, he couldn't believe it.
In the meantime, Dean was staring at the screen of his laptop. He had decided with Sam that they had left the hunting life. It hadn't been as easy as Sam had made it seem, because life without hunting was boring enough, but he much preferred it to the risky one he had before. He stroked Miracle, that was rubbing the head against his leg while he was looking for something to do. They could have gone to the Pie Fest, but then something else caught his attention. And no, it was not a case.
