The car rolls smoothly to a halt, and Anthea, or whoever she is, slips out of the car. She pauses when she sees John is still sitting very still in his seat, and laughs.
“John. There could be more microphones in the flat.” Sherlock pushes the mug closer to John, more forcefully. “Drink it.”
John frowns, and shakes his head again, trying to ignore the creeping feeling in him. “Well, there’s a process… They study you, look to see who the most compatible--”
Guilt, sadness, and anger all fill him at once, and he marches to the stairs to at least have an attempt of a conversation with Sherlock about this. He can’t just shut him out without listening--
, John thinks to himself, but he rushes downstairs and out the door. All he knows is that Sherlock is in danger.
An alleyway appears to my left, I duck into it the moment I see it. Immediately the foot traffic seems to have forgotten me, no one follows me or calls out.
It’s an odd in between. On one hand John wants to tell Sherlock to stop, that it’s too much for him and it’s starting to hurt, yet it also feels
Interesting, but not important. I continue digging. She has to have something edible in here, even a rotten apple core would do. I can feel tears prickling in my eyes in desperation and frustration as I search. I wonder absently how the hell someone is able to live without throwing
And even when he hears her voice waveringly assure Sherlock that she was home all afternoon, moments later Sherlock rushes into the flat, andJohn  watches him silently as he tears apart the room, searching for another microphone.
While it was true that extramarital sex of any kind was illegal, everyone soon figured out that it was an area of law that was very rarely enforced. As long as they didn’t have to see it, and it wasn’t some incredibly immoral or deviant act, no one ever cared to know.
Sherlock walks slowly towards him, his eyes widening. God, catching Sherlock off guard is such a sight. “Pardon?” the detective asks.
Lestrade has an annoyed look as he turns on his monitor. “How he’s finding his victims. There’s no sign of struggle in any of these cases, yet people don’t just willingly go to their deaths like this.”
Hi what's up it's me, your foolish author, I lied again there's one more chapter after this, but it's a very short epilogue and it's all written, just has to be edited now.
think I’m a deviant!” For the first time, John hears the pain in Sherlock’s voice coming out from the anger. “Is that all I am to you? Some monster?” He’s so close, John can feel his breath.
“Hey, Mike,” he smiles at the other. “We really ought to actually plan to meet up sometime, don’t we? This running into each other is just too random and far between. What are you up to?”
Throughout all his life, Sherlock just wanted someone. Someone to be there, who would stay, even through his tantrums, his idiosyncrasies and mood swings, and his anger at most of life.
“Since when do you care about Scotland Yard resources?” John laughs, now getting pushed onto the sofa.
Later, the man is found dead with a fired gun in one hand, and a note in the other. They never let Sherlock read it, much to his annoyance.
“Yes, that’s what I just said,” Greg says, giving an annoyed look to John as he presses the files closer to Sherlock again. John can only shrug and nod in sympathy. “There’s no footage of him stealing the pieces, but there’s a camera at the entrance to every room, and that’s clean.”
I mumble a thanks. She nods appreciatively, but as I begin to eat desperately, only cutting half-heartedly before stuffing oversized pieces into my mouth, she starts to frown.
Something rushes through John, and he can’t be here anymore. There’s something in the air, this room is dangerous, he cannot be here any longer because if he stays something might happen.
, he thinks, just about every hour, every time he looks at his Watch and sees that it’s one hour closer.
Sherlock glances up. “Hm? Oh, yes, fine,” he says, beckoning John to come closer. “I want your opinion. Would you say this smells like chlorine, or sulfur? My nose is having difficulty detecting smells currently.”
He once kicked John awake to spare him the humiliation of a nightmare. There was a night when he was several hours late home, because he found a lost dog and “needed” to find where she belonged. The night John told him about how his mother died, he held him.
Sherlock doesn’t look as if he minds, though, as he kisses John tenderly for a moment, before shifting.
I’m pale, thin, my cheek bones jut out from my face almost morbidly. I have dark, messy, curling hair, and what I believe to be light eyes, though I cannot be certain in the poorly lit room. If I had to guess an age, I’d have to say I was in my mid-twenties. No noticeable wrinkles, nor any grey hairs.
He grabs his wallet and keys, patting his pocket for his mobile when he suddenly hears it ping by the entryway dresser.
It’s even more of a mess than usual; papers are strewn about along with a variety of petri dishes that John would rather not consider very hard.
“Oh, yes, it’s a rather difficult cycle. Her eye wanders, she leaves her happy bed with him, he finds out, she cries, they make up, he thinks they’re doing fine, all while she’s off with someone else, et cetera” Sherlock explains. “Obviously it’s taken a toll on him. He once asked me if his children were really his. I think the woman has driven him insane.”
John freezes when he sees a man, impeccably dressed in a three piece suit, fiddling with a monitor on his wrist.
“Good morning,” the detective yawns as he pads into the kitchen. His hair is a mess, his eyes squinted, and a sheet crease is still evident on his cheek.
He touches his neck, examining it for marks that he’s going to have to hide, but finds that there are none. Aside from a few remaining teeth marks that will fade within the hour, his neck is the same complexion it’s always been.
This just gets more and more interesting, I think, pushing the locker back into place with some difficulty. A passage from the sewers to a hospital, what on earth for? A smuggling operation? Stealing painkillers and selling them on the black market? Or something else?
There is a look of serenity about him whenever he sleeps, one that does not exist when he’s conscious, even when he’s relaxed and happy. John Watson carries the weight of the world, and only relinquishes it when he leaves the conscious earth for a while.
But he does also recall a rumor after he’d moved for uni that the same teacher had been arrested for anti-State Conspiracy.
I shudder and try to dismiss the thought from my head as I work the gated metal open. It is quite difficult, it seems that the metal has rusted to the cogs, making it almost impossible to move. I pull with all my might.
Oh! Light, a passage up, exactly what I have been searching for! I grin and laugh to myself, feeling tempted to jump with joy. It is perfect timing as well, as I am nearly at the end of the ball of twine.
After a few patients, he cleans and sanitizes his desk before the next one, before it becomes too much and he decides to text Mary now. He grabs his mobile, and sees Sherlock’s text from this morning, waiting, looming like some storm cloud.
“Was it not dangerous while you did it?” he asks quietly, running his fingers down Sherlock’s chest.
Yet there was nothing. The bombing still was on the news fairly frequently, but the focus was the aftermath, the rebuilding, how society would strive forward.
Either way, Sherlock forgives him, and takes his hands with a warm smile, leading him into the flat.
It’s in the third level that Sherlock learns that people are not good. That human kindness and goodness are myths, and that the pain will go away if he shuts everyone out and never attempts to have friends.
He and John have just barely come from that point in their relationship. When they’d first started making love, it was so careful and shy, almost fragile: not as if either believed the other could break (after all they’d been through, that would never be the case), but more that they thought if they moved too hard, kissed too passionately, they would awaken and be alone once more. It must have been what Pygmalion felt when he first touched the warm flesh of his Galatea. The morning after their first night together had been the first and only time Sherlock had seen John blush and stammer, and they both had danced around each other, seeing their clothes but only imagining the flesh and body underneath.
A long, mournful chord pulls John from his sleep that night. For a moment, he hasn’t any idea what’s going on, until it changes, forming a slow melody, one that almost aches to listen to.
“John! Sherlock!” He hears Greg shout, and that’s when Sherlock pulls away. The dark haired detective stares at John, looking through his eyes into his soul.
His mobile buzzing around eleven makes him jolt to attention. He grabs it on instinct, but when he sees Sherlock’s name on the sender, he immediately pockets it once more. No, he doesn’t want to think about that aspect of all of this right now.
“But I think it might be… beneficiary if maybe we took this a bit slower, for the time being?” He opens his eyes again, but immediately feels like he must shy away from Sherlock’s soft, tender gaze.
“I always found it rather odd, that I was disqualified from service for not having a Soulmate, but who would be better to die in a war than someone who didn’t have a Soulmate to lose?”
Which isn’t to say that Sherlock Holmes is still anything less than insane. There are times when that cursed man wakes John up at five in the morning, just to rattle off some epiphany that John couldn’t care less about, or when John will swear his coffee cup has an aroma of formaldehyde. (something he’s decided not to question.) The most infuriating thing of all, John has decided, is when Sherlock sends John on errands. As if he isn’t a grown man with his own job and chores he has to complete, the detective, the self-proclaimed genius, forgets to get his bloody tailored suits from the dry cleaner, doesn’t wash his dishes, and it all is left to John to complete.
He still loves Sherlock too, but, he doesn’t think that will go away, ever. Just a small part of him, locked away in the corner of his mind, still loves him.
She giggles, and raises an eyebrow. “No,” she answers, moving a hand up to run through her hair, her wrist pointing to John for him to see that her Watch is blank.
As he places the bow under his chin, the two men glance at each other; the emotion in the other’s eyes makes them both pause, and Sherlock has to remember why he’s holding the instrument before he finally begins to play.
His gloved hands are roaming on John, oddly distant and cold, along his chest and down his stomach, the tips of his fingers gliding underneath the waistband of his trousers. The touch is unlike anything John has ever felt before, he’s never been touched by someone who is still wearing
The poor things, Sherlock thinks, as he finally finds a mirror that suits his purposes, and a supervisor appears to scold the two and drive them apart, the naive Cupid and Psyche.
For once, Sherlock is left speechless, unsure of anything he could say, and instead kisses his lips, shuts his eyes and squeezes him tight. John gives him a small squeeze back, although it is much weaker, and Sherlock listens to his lover’s heartbeat, and the breathing that soon turns into the snores of Morpheus.
He doesn’t want to go home. Moods for Sherlock last up to twelve hours, there’s no way he isn’t still fuming about this.
John huffs, the constant interruptions edging him closer and closer to his own meltdown. “Dammit, Sherl--”
Has he ever caressed anyone? Has he ever held someone in his arms late at night, pressing kisses to their sweaty brow, and cooed sweet promises to them that would be forgotten and broken by morning?
“I think you know,” the woman says smugly, not looking up from her monitor this time. “Or, who, would be a more correct choice of words.”
They both pull at each other, Sherlock’s experiment lies forgotten on the counter in preference to John’s body. They gnash, bite, grope each other, and John pulls Sherlock by his shirt into his bedroom.
He can’t place the expression on Sherlock’s face, it’s not one he’s ever seen before. If he didn’t know better, he’d say the detective looked upset.
Greg nods slowly, lifting his arm to look at his monitor. “So we need to look for any convicts with a background in that section of the army.”
In that time, that was all he needed. As he grew older, and the size of the Watch was adjusted to meet his growing arm, he still would curl up close to her. When he was too old to crawl into her lap he would sit beside her, and she would tell him more about the stories.
Upon reaching the top of the stairs, she pauses just at the door, just for a moment, before opening it and lighting a small lantern on the wall.
Sherlock stands, and walks over to John. He’s squinting his eyes, the way he always does when he starts zoning in on some minute detail on John’s person, and John knows he’s running out of time.
But sex with Sherlock is always… it always just clicks. Everything with Sherlock just clicks. While he’s only slept with Mary a few times, even though they now live together, and it’s been fine, it hasn’t been… like Sherlock.
I almost go flying a few moments later, when the grate gives way with a loud “Clang!” The momentum of the grate flying off sends me tumbling backwards with the useless grate.
Mrs. Hudson nods, her look still just as sad as before. “Sometimes the only thing you can do is leave them be, and wait until he’s ready to reach out to you,” she says. “Even if that time never comes.”
“What are we doing here?” John hisses. Sherlock immediately puts a finger to his lips, and his eyes flicker about the place before answering.
“Yeah, I was a bit busy being interrogated by some friend of yours,” He huffs, walking over to the table and glancing down to the petri, where some bubbling black substance is.
A broken soldier, a broken man, who nevertheless is somehow able to save Sherlock’s life and absolutely captivate him in a single evening.
Within a few weeks, Mary and he finally find a shoe box of a flat to call their own. He finds he’s gotten used to her, and has become an expert in rolling over and slamming a pillow over his head when her 5am alarm goes off. His overall sleep is starting to take a toll, and his patients have started noticing his constant yawning, but that’s what coffee was for, right?
. Blunt force, most likely, a sharp object would have created a concentrated area of pain. No other considerable cranial injury, or at least not so far.
“More like ‘keeper,’” Sherlock mutters, having retrieved a coat and a scarf from the mess. “Look, are we going, or not? At this rate there will be another body when you stop talking.”
Multiple medication bottles, mostly joint pain relief, and dietary supplements. Lipstick-covered tissues, an old makeup brush, a note written in a feminine fashion.
“Too bad.” I reach around her to grab the doorknob, but she covers it with her body before I can turn it.
“Erm, I’m, ah, going to unpack,” he says, and Lestrade nods awkwardly in return, leaving John to limp over to his three boxes, among the assorted chaos that is Sherlock’s belongings here.
“How is all of this going to change?” he blurts out, then realizes what he’s said has made no sense. “I mean… Is it just going to be what we were before, with sex?”
John shrugs. “Either, I suppose,” he sighs. His headache is finally starting to fade, but the rest of him still feels beat too.
Knowing full well that this line of thought will go badly, John grabs his keys and lets himself into the building before he can think better of it.
His pocket buzzes, and he pulls out his mobile, wincing again as a sharp note is belted out on the tortured violin.
John sighs, a small flare of hope lighting in his stomach, although it wasn’t enough to douse the feeling of anger and frustration.
A Greek myth suddenly comes to mind: A man in a maze, and a maiden handing him a ball of twine to unravel as he travels through it, so he may find his way back. Perhaps that’s just what I need for this. I spring up, and begin opening various drawers throughout the room, finally coming up with a large ball of string. Perfect. I rush back to the hole in the floor, and begin my descent, counting each step I take.
“Mycroft, Anthea, and Lestrade are the only ones who know,” Sherlock insists. “I would know otherwise.”
And Sherlock watches as an attachment forms, each and every time, and whatever relationship there had been before was completely destroyed.
John can’t help but step closer to watch the screen with Lestrade, as it lights up and shows a small map, with a purple dot in the centre, presumably where they are now. Sherlock taps a few points into it as he moves away from the window.
Which doesn’t mean that John takes great joy in telling him that Harry is actually his sister. Sherlock’s gorgeous expression changes to annoyance, to frustration, back to annoyance. John can’t help but laugh as the car pulls up at the kerb.
They stay like that for several moments, the both of them clinging to each other. Dizziness falls over John, and he leans them both back to lie down across the length of the couch, his arms still around Sherlock.
Sherlock, who has already taken a few steps towards wherever they were going, stops, and turns to John with another wide eyed look.
John’s blood immediately runs cold. What had Sherlock done? “He’s my flatmate,” he says carefully, narrowing his eyes. “What else were you expecting?”
Mary laughs, a reaction he was not expecting. “That’s ridiculous!” she says. “They shut down the space program before the New Revolution! Where would you have learned how to be an astronaut?”
John shrugs. He’d been expecting this question, at least. “Less busy than yours,” he says, although he’s not quite sure.
As they grew older, their health class punctuated very clearly how wrong it was to become intimate with anyone other than your Soulmate. It was a very important issue, they were told. Not saving yourself for the person you were destined for was not just disrespectful to them, but to yourself. Anyone who did such a heinous act, they were warned, would not escape discipline.
For a moment, They lie beside each other in silence, before Sherlock gets up to towel them off. John sits up on his elbows, watching Sherlock as he wipes the towel down his chest. They’re both silent, and Sherlock glances up to him, but doesn’t make any more movements to touch John.
When the clinic closes, and he finishes signing off his paperwork, he decides to head over to Baker Street. It’s been an entire day after all, Sherlock at the very least has to be done with his tantrum by now.
“‘Course. Always a war on now. Probably said they stole something of ours, hm? Self-righteous battle the buggers in charge never get involved in. Ever noticed how they never say what we’re really fightin’ for? The least they could do is give us a look at Helen if we’re fighting for her, you know?”
John does not sleep well that night. It’s the combination of waiting for Santa to arrive and the night before deployment all wrapped into one. Excitement, terror, back to excitement. He tries to practice meditation, forced deep breaths, clearing the mind, but every time he gets somewhat close to an impasse, his mind would suddenly wonder if he’d know it was her, and his heart would be racing again.
He isn’t sure if the detective has always looked at him like this, or if it’s just started now, or if John is imagining the entire thing.
The man in question is a few inches shorter than Sherlock, yet the way he positions himself he makes it seem like he’s the one looking down on the detective. He smiles broadly, but there’s something about it that makes John skin crawl.
John drools when he sleeps. Or, at least whenever Sherlock has the luck to see him sleep. Which admittedly, is not often.
It’s not fair. Why didn’t Sherlock get a Soulmate? All he would ever have were the flings he and John had been carrying on these months. There’d be no meaning, no love in them.
It’s in the eighth level, upon waking up sweating, sticky, and with the image of a male classmate stuck in his mind, that Sherlock realises that he’s homosexual. Which, along with his anti-social tendencies, serves to further alienate him from his classmates. He completely blocks them out to save face, and to keep himself from killing all of them.
I grab three and stuff them in my mouth, all manners forgotten in my hunger. I can barely even register their taste, I’m much too distracted. Upon swallowing I see that crumbs and drool are covering my lap, probably creating the impression of a savage beast. Luckily, Mrs. Hudson has turned her attention back to her roast, and has not noticed.
He can smell Mrs. Hudson cooking onions, something that makes his stomach growl and churn at the same time. He takes a large breath on the landing, full of that delicious scent, and presses forward, going quickly. Sherlock will not have the elated feeling of Mary’s flatmate, he knows how the man feels about Soulmates, but surely he will understand that this is necessary. He must know this won’t go on forever. He’ll be disappointed. They’ll probably fight again. But tomorrow morning he’ll understand.
“I-- of course I knew that! But there were movies and shows about space! I loved watching the stars. I thought they were amazing, and that’s what I wanted to see them up close. I didn’t really think about whether or not I actually could.”
They’d be afraid. They’d be terrified. They’d be in pain, angry with each other. They’d each put each other through hell. It’d be absolutely horrible.
All of John’s blood seems to leave his brain for his groin, forcing him into defiant submission as Sherlock grinds against him roughly.
The man smirks. He looks like he's enjoying this. "I'm merely a concerned party," he says. "I worry about him."
Sherlock makes a shocked sound, one that delights John, and he pulls the detective closer, kissing him as hard as he can.
“I...” she mouths, her eyes widening and darting around confusedly. She looks rather like a fish out of water. “Who are you? How did you get in here?”
“If only I’d known you got so turned on by fighting,” he purrs. “I’d have started a thousand spats just to get you in this position.”
“We’re talking about this!” the detective snaps, and for the first time, john feels frightened of him.
“Christ,” John mumbles, glancing up to see Sherlock staring at the window the shot came from. Even without seeing his face, he knows what the question is, because John’s thinking it as well.
“Mm, but that’s how the London Fire started, you know,” John teases, wiggling his way out of Sherlock’s grasp at last. “Don’t want that.”
The clinic is dead, thank God. He’s in right on time at 9am, and his heart is in his throat. To pass the time and get rid of his nerves, he reorganizes his entire office, dusts the tops of the cabinets, reads over journals he has meant to go over for the last year.
The woman pays no mind to my confusion, instead leads me into her home, which is exactly like her: modestly painted, smells slightly of cinnamon combined with a distant scent of cooking meat, a soft light in a small chandelier hanging on the ceiling. It reminds me of home.
He tried to imagine the life Sherlock must have led. The guilt and anger, knowing how bad it was yet somehow being drawn to that sort of life.
As I begin to carry the plates to the sink I can feel my stomach begin to ache and twist. I’m not used to eating so quickly, or so extensively, apparently.
John scowls. He wanted to catch Sherlock off guard, but he still doesn’t miss a beat. Why couldn’t he overtake him? “You knew this was coming too,” he snaps. “What else is there?”
“We’re here for a crime scene, obviously,” Sherlock says, answering John’s unasked question. Once more he started to wonder if Sherlock was actually some sort of a mind reader. “You’ve read about the suicides, I gather.”
A grateful sigh escapes him, and he pulls Sherlock into a kiss. The other man pauses, longer than what John would have expected, but then a hum emits from his throat, and he wraps his arms tightly around John’s back and pulls him closer.
It’s a trap, she isn’t even trying to hide it. He’s almost insulted that whoever this is truly believes he’ll fall for a pretty girl, in the face of danger… Yet he finds himself beside her in the car anyway.
Two: How did I get here? Of this, I am not sure. I think I have it, for just a moment, but then it fades away. I remember a chamber, pain, someone laughing. I’ll come back to that one.
John finally shifts into a sitting position, grunting at the sharp pain. “It’s--” he huffs, and can’t help but chuckle. “Is it bad that the main thing I keep mulling over is your mention of a long line of ex lovers?”
My name is Edward Teach. I was attacked by someone, forced into this state. Beyond that, I could be the Prime Minister for all I know.
Mary’s face falls. “Oh, right,” she sighs. “It’s alright… I ought to get some sleep, I had the morning shift today anyway. Here, before you go--” She stands just as John does, digging around in her purse. She pulls out a felt pen, and grins as she grabs John’s hand.
Christ. Sherlock. That little bugger. As if he hasn’t caused John enough trouble already. If he’s killed because of that idiotic prick…
With a clearer head, John takes the time to go downstairs to make himself lunch, and peruse on this further.
John turns and gives him a strange look. “Why wouldn’t I? He was being rude to you. You shouldn’t let people be rude to you. Despite everything, you don’t deserve it. No one does.”
My pining stomach growls in protest, but the decisive look on her face clearly states that I have no choice in the matter.
Sherlock stands, presumably to apprehend Mr. Jefferson, but John takes a few steps towards him, his gun still drawn. The driver’s tone of voice has shifted, he sounds dangerous now, like a suicide bomber holding a girl hostage, or someone who had easily killed four people…
I lean down, staring into the abyss, then sit, dangling my legs over the edge, when my feet catch on something. There are steps, metal rungs bolted to a wall, it seems, creating a makeshift ladder. Very interesting… How many trips through this passage would necessitate the addition of a ladder? And where would it lead?
I groan in annoyance, and glance at her out of the corner of my eye. There must be some way out of this.
“Er, John… Your elbow is pressing into my lung.” Sherlock’s voice under his shoulder hurls him into the present, and he glances down to realize that he’s completely on top of the detective, practically splayed. It’s a common maneuver, especially if civilians are caught in the line of fire, yet when it’s done in a common setting John can’t help but feel it’s slightly obscene. He scrambles off of Sherlock with a hurried apology, but the other man doesn’t seem to be thinking of that.
“N-no, of course not,” Mike says, laughing awkwardly to make up for his mistake, shaking his head. “It’s just… I had someone else say that exact thing to me today.”
They both lean against the wall, John being the closest to me, finally giving me the chance to look at him properly.
“Yeah, actually,” John mutters, pocketing his mobile. “Fuck off. You aren’t keeping me here against my will, right? I’ll see myself out.”
“No,” Sherlock says evenly, taking a sip of tea. John stares at him in confusion. “I already called them. When you weren’t awake at your usual time, I explained that you were feeling under the weather, and that we had decided you should stay home and rest for a bit.”
“Shh,” Sherlock whispers, kissing John softly. His hands slide along the soldier’s hips. “I’ve got you. You don’t need to do anything.”
It's been a while. Oops! Life got busy, but I swear I've been working on this chapter the whole time. This is still very much a work in progress, so things change, I go back and change things, and I get stuck... Things like that. If it helps any, I've been really devoted to this story and have been doing everything I can to craft it as perfectly as I can. Anyway. Here it is!
Sherlock gives an exasperated sigh. “No law abiding woman would wear that shade of blush,” he explains, as if the DI were a child. John coughs to hide his laugh.
I’m now facing the window, where the rain is hitting loudly. I realise after a moment that the window opens into the alleyway where I woke up. Rather interesting, I think. I must inspect it more closely in the morning.
Here there’s another pause, and Sherlock grins as he watches the gears desperately turn in John’s head, trying to come up with an equally eloquent answer.
In that time, Sherlock is left to himself, to destroy and kill himself, alone. Which he does, for four and a half years. He lives on the streets, injects himself whenever he deems fit, and solves the occasional puzzle when it is available.
“Hey,” he says to Mary as she adjusts her coat. “I don’t want to impose, but I had a lot of fun tonight.”
And his damn Watch for the first time in his life is finally counting down with a consistent timer, which terrifies him as much as it excites him. It’s everything he’s ever wanted,
And then all three of them are gone, leaving John backed up against the wall, feeling confused and slightly shellshocked from that whole exchange.
Everyone in the crime scene, every police officer and detective, seems to stop whatever they’re doing to stare at John Watson, their mouths open in shock. Including Sherlock.
“So, what was it that you wanted to--” Lestrade cuts himself off, and as they both turn around they realize that Sherlock is once again not in the room.
Carefully, never once breaking his stride, John moves his hand and draws Sherlock’s chin to face him, their eyes now locking in the flesh.
“There’s a room upstairs,” she says kindly, sitting down next to me and putting a soft hand on my shoulder. “You’re welcome to stay as long as you like, as long as you need to get yourself sorted.”
?” he repeats. “Do you really think of me the way those propaganda videos made the Homosexual seem? That I take, and take with an incorrigible libido, that can only be filled by destroying an innocent?” John stares at him evenly, his heart pounding, but through his own fury he can only stay silent. “Because I have several memories of
Or, at least, I think for the first two seconds. Then an ear piercing whistle shrieks through the yards.
“Anti-social tendencies,” Sherlock says, just as casually, and smiles at John’s look of shock. “Don’t flatter me, John. You’ve seen it more than others. At the age of seven they deemed I would be an insufficient mate, and removed it.” He gets up and walks into the kitchen, seeming completely nonplussed by this conversation.
For a while, when he is first on his own, Mycroft visits, to make sure that his brother stays on the right path (he doesn’t), and is doing well (he isn’t).
Oh. Right. John pulls himself away from his fascination of the wrist monitor, and drops to his knees to look over the body.
“Sherlock, you wouldn’t happen to know… Children born out of wedlock aren’t actually… sold as sex slaves, are they?” he asks quietly. The detective raises an eyebrow and glances back at him.
People have slowed to stare at me. The sight of a vagrant is much less common to them, I suppose, given that they’ve created an almost biblical parting around me as they walk past. Too much attention, I need to get out of sight.
“By the way, congratulations, John,” Mrs. Hudson calls behind him. John freezes, and turns back around. He can’t help but smile.
“John, you’re absolutely brilliant,” Sherlock says, letting go of the hand with a smirk of his own, letting it pick up his coffee mug instead.
Sherlock begins to move around noon, John can hear the sleepy shuffling coming from the other’s room. Recently he’s been sleeping there more often than his own room, those walls becoming less and less foreign.
“We both know that your little schoolboy tantrum in uni isn’t your only strike against the State,” he hisses, and suddenly John can hear the precise voice of a madman who allowed a building to blow up with six people inside. “Beware of Holmes. He’s beyond saving, but you can still escape the filth of his kind.”
“John, you don’t know much about my family, and I plan on keeping it that way,” Sherlock sighs, taking a seat once more. “But there is a certain aspect of them that I admired, and that I’ve kept. Promises are blood oaths. Either you keep whatever you’ve sworn to do, or die trying.” He leans forward near John. “No one else knows. There is no way for them to.”
The other man stirs as well, and yawns, moving onto his back. He blinks sleepily over at John, and despite himself, the doctor can’t help but think of how adorable the man looks, with his tussled hair and barely open eyes.
Sherlock snatches John by the collar, one of the tears overflowing, although John can’t tell if they’re from anger, hurt, or the pain in his hand. “The
Sherlock stares back at him, unsure of what to say. No one has ever apologised to him. He’s always the one to apologise. What does one say to that?
Before the detective-scientist can finish his order, the door slams open once more, and Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade barges in.
I nod slowly, giving her a soft smile, because that’s what I’m supposed to do. Really, though, I haven’t the faintest idea how I feel about her offer. Staying in this flat will do no good in trying to figure out who I am, or why I would have been attacked, which I must figure out soon.
It’s in third level that they discover that a single word can make a person cringe, and the joy that comes with seeing the despairing look in their victim’s eyes.
The sound of a gunshot unbridled by a silencer bursts through the entire room, and John hardly has the time to react before Sherlock grips his arm, and they change directions, now becoming the chased.
He heads down the street to where the shops are, where all the doctors and nurses end up after their shifts and during their break.
“... Given the style of the dress, and the levels of makeup on her face, she also had to be some sort of madam--”
“It was right as I was leaving!” John insists. “I didn’t tell you because -- I didn’t know what he was planning. He seems obsessed with taking you down, I didn’t want to risk him going after you.”
But what can he say? How can he tell Sherlock that he’s going to be meeting the love of his life soon, and so this will have to stop?
He lets Lestrade into the flat when they finally reach Baker Street, just because he isn’t sure what else he can do.
Sherlock is grinning cheek to cheek, and chuckles. The two men stare at each other for a long second, and John remembers how beautiful and alluring Sherlock is, how he looks like an angel...
John stares up the stairs again, and huffs, hitting the bottom of his fist lightly against the wall. “Is he kicking me out?” he asks. “Am I going to have to leave?”
John puts on some pants once he’s back in his room, and curls up into his bed tightly. His mind is still swirling, but somehow he falls back asleep regardless.
The next morning he has to turn it back on before heading to work, and another dreaded message is there.
John politely accepts, not about to turn down a meal that would be paid by someone else, especially by someone who had done their military service without being sent to battle. Besides, Mike was right. It had been too long, not just since seeing him, but since having any real contact with a living person that he wasn’t forced to have. As Ella had said, he needed to leave his comfort zone more.
Blood has already soaked through the left side of his shirt. He’s gasping for breath, his eyes already becoming milky and unseeing. Even as John tries to speak to him, he can see the life fading, until he’s completely still.
Sherlock stands up straight, and John can almost physically see the man put up an emotional wall between him and himself. “John,” he greets evenly, nodding slowly. “What brings you here?”
Instead, they tease each other. See how many creative ways they can avoid the question while answering it fully. Sherlock is winning. John is sore about it.
Sherlock looks up in surprised, as if he wasn’t expecting the two of them to still be there. “Well, I can hardly surmise everything by just looking at a report now, can I?” he asks. “I’ll need to see the crime scenes.”
Sherlock sits at the breakfast table with a newspaper in front of him, his coffee mug halfway to his lips before he freezes at the sight of John.
Undressing John is perhaps the most arousing thing Sherlock has ever done. It’s the thrill, of slowly unravelling him, button by button, knowing precisely what lays under every inch of cloth, every mole and scar, before it is revealed in the dull lamp light.
“This was his third theft,” Sherlock hums, his proud smirk growing. “He’s not going to stop, which is his biggest weakness here.”
It’s these types of thoughts that run through his head through the rest of the evening, but he tries to keep himself distracted, forcing normalcy to keep it all away. He makes dinner. He boxes up some of it for Mary. He reads a bit. But the thoughts still do come in.
He allows himself to fantasize about his Soulmate for the first time since he was seventeen. Back then, he had wanted what every boy in the throws of hormones wanted in a woman: big tits, skinny, a nice laugh, and beyond that he wasn’t too picky.
Over the years, he had decided there was no one out there who would do that. That it wasn’t society who was at fault for never accepting him, as Mummy and Mycroft used to say, but
Besides, it was in the shower, which perhaps made it more palatable. The evil of what they were doing washed right off.
“It… It gives insight into what you are now, I guess,” John mumbles, now feeling just discouraged. “Like, when I was really little, I wanted to be an astronaut.”
But John has already turned around and is running the opposite direction from him. Something has clicked in his head, some dial that has been ticking for ten or so years and has finally fallen into place. All the doubts, the worries, the fears, all the things he’d been told over and over and over again was just paranoia…
Sherlock only hums, his eyes slipping shut. He doesn’t bring up last night, or the words they exchanged. Perhaps his genius mind has already moved past it, figuring that they’ve resolved the majority of the problem, or maybe, he doesn’t care much if John is still dealing with his mind, because he knows the doctor will not leave.
John shrugs, feeling a bit nervous now. “I realise I don’t actually know. It’d probably come in handy, right?”
He has a girlfriend. Of course he does, I think in annoyance and disappointment. An attractive soldier, about to be sent off to die in a war that doesn’t have anything to do with him, it’s precisely out of a romance novel. The perfect man, in this war torn era.
“Try again,”  John’s voice is measured—dangerous—as he leans forward, his face beside mine.  Henry studies him, as if weighing his options, then seems to internally crumble as he lets out a resigned sigh.
mentioned her, not twenty minutes ago, and he’d be happy to give them a prod in the right direction.
John has spent the last ten minutes sitting cross-legged on the window seat, leaning against a bookshelf and watching contentedly as Sherlock and Rosie make their way around the room, studying each bird artfully represented in pigment.  Sherlock dutifully supplies her with the common name, scientific name and a string of facts about each species they encounter.  He’s certain that Rosie is comprehending none of it—that she simply loves the sound of his voice and the feeling of being the sole recipient of his attention.  John knows that feeling well.
“I was waiting for you,” He breathes, after what feels like an age, against Sherlock’s swollen lips.  His chest rises and falls rapidly.  His palm strokes slowly down Sherlock’s bony spine.  “I never thought—I guess I needed to hear it from you.”
Hesitantly breaking their gaze, John looks, only now noticing a single book standing neatly on a shelf at eye level.  He takes the few steps to reach it, holding it delicately in his hands and studying its cover.
“Sherlock,” A whisper.  He knows I’m awake. Either I’m slipping or he’s getting more observant.  Likely the latter. I hum. “We should get tested,” Oh. Not what I was expecting to wake up to.  He brushes a curl off of my forehead. “There are things I’d like to do—“ His hand slips under my shirt, slides lightly up my chest to tease a nipple.  I moan, quietly. “And we’ve already been a bit reckless,” True enough, although I’m confident that I’m clean, and surely John has been screened recently, responsible doctor that he is.
, as they so enthusiastically referred to their planned outing.  Not really my scene, but--at least for now--where John goes, I follow.
—from anything he’s experienced before.  “Anyway, it clearly doesn’t matter much that we’re both a bit out of our depth,” Sherlock gives him a small smirk.  John reaches for his tea to hide the flush on his cheeks.
“Hello?  Ben?” Ah.  Got her. Hypothesis confirmed.  Four wide eyes on me and a long, stunned silence.
With a deep breath, John follows suit, tossing his t-shirt aside and dropping his jeans to the floor.  He hurriedly pulls off each sock, then stands up straight—silently observing this vulnerable, unguarded version of the man he holds most dear—a side of him that he’d never really expected to meet.
“We have business to discuss with him,” Grasping at straws, here.  He further narrows his eyes, bites at the inside of his cheek.
“Yes,”  I needed him to believe it, and he did.  He pulls me in, arms circling my waist, face buried warmly in the crook of my neck.  I sigh, resting my chin on his head and holding him tightly in return. “But I never let you go.”
“It’s fine, Sherlock.  All fine. I didn’t mean to send you spiraling into the abyss,” Evidently my thoughts are--yet again--plastered across my face for John to read freely.  He sighs. “I need to be better about keeping my head in the present. I have everything I’ve ever bloody wanted and I keep bringing up useless details from the past.”
But instead she just watches him fidgeting on the threshold, eyes surely wide and words snagged painfully in her throat.
It’s becoming very clear, now, here in this excruciating void of a conversation, that their entire relationship with John was centered around Sherlock Holmes.  If he isn’t here—if they can’t even
“God,”  John breathes, looking a bit reverently up at Sherlock.  “I’m not sure I ever fully imagined what my life would be like at this age, but I certainly never thought I’d be having so much bloody fun,”  Sherlock grins back.
“John,” Sherlock hasn’t looked away.  John lets his head fall to the side once more, doesn’t allow himself to break when their eyes lock and hold.  “You know now.”
“Just got back from school.  Greg said I could call you because you would probably be awake by now.  He said the time is different there. But you didn’t pick up. Where’s Sherlock?”  That didn’t take long. She knows that he took a trip with me—
I carefully extricate myself and roll out of bed, following Rosie into the kitchen.  She clambers up into a chair at the table, where she already has her colouring supplies set up.  So independent, just like her parents. Luckily she’s got more of John in her than Mary—sensible and loyal.  I start a pot of coffee and gather the supplies to make omelets. She’ll consume anything involving eggs and cheese.  I watch her carefully colouring—almost within the lines—and smile.
He sets his arse down in the sand beside John, reaching for a bottle of his own as he simultaneously pulls a neon green Bic lighter out of his trouser pocket.  He glances at John, already knowing the indignant look he’ll find on his hopelessly expressive features.
I shouldn’t be surprised that it was so bloody good—I shouldn’t be, but I am.  I’d expected there to be more of a mental barrier surrounding the fact that he is very much a man.  Thought it would take me ages to overcome it. But, alas—wrong again. And as it turns out, what I feel for him seems to defy such trivialities, now that I’ve let myself feel it.  I am constantly aware of the bond we have—in my inordinately romantic mind’s eye I picture our hearts connected by tiny threads, being pulled tighter and tighter as we’ve gradually let each other in.  The threads are barely visible, now. Soon we’ll be so closely bound that I won’t know where he ends and I begin. Perhaps we already are.
“Don’t mind Adam,” The shorter of the two says, rolling his eyes.  “He’s bitter that our other friends bailed. They said they refuse to celebrate a country that they’re embarrassed to live in,”  Ah. “I’m Danny.”
They sit in silence for long moments, watching the sun begin its descent into the horizon as the light slowly fades to a glorious gold.  Their arms brush occasionally as they sip their stout, and Sherlock feels each touch like an open flame, waiting.  For what, he’s not sure.
Who could have guessed he’d find a way to look at home here, of all places?  No doubt sensing my lingering gaze, he shoots me a quick grin before returning his eyes to the winding road ahead.
“I will accompany you anywhere, Sherlock.  That’s always been true,”  John tugs on the long fingers laced with his own and Sherlock slides over, dropping his head to John’s chest and relinquishing his hand in order to memorize the dips and bumps of his ribcage, the planes of his chest, skin hot through the cotton of his shirt.
Greg had felt much the same after his marriage ended—had spent many nights at the bottom of a bottle contemplating how simple it would be to just give it all up.  In the end he’d decided it was an extremely selfish decision, suicide—in his situation, at least.  He’d thought of how his ex would feel for the rest of her life.  She isn’t a bad person.  She wouldn’t have deserved that just because she couldn’t love him anymore.  And he’s got friends—people who care, people who would be affected—would be plagued with regret, wondering what they could have done to stop it.  Much like John has been.  And now, just a few years later, Greg’s life has begun to truly light up again, all things considered.  He thinks of Molly and silently thanks whatever deities might be up there looking out for him, whatever powers brought her into his life.  In reality, it was Sherlock who brought them together.  Introduced them in life and brought them closer in death.
He follows me to the shower—both filthier than ever—climbs right in after me and washes my hair with his own shampoo.  Standing close beneath the steaming water, he kisses me thoroughly, mapping my body with his curious hands. I grin (again) against his lips, feeling light—nearly giddy—relishing his newfound confidence, this easy intimacy, as the last remaining evidence of our eager affection swirls gradually down the drain.
Neon pink waves, cascading down his back and ending at his (cinched) waist.  A short, glittery dress in a similarly offensive shade. Heels that make me question whether he’ll be able to remain upright for any substantial amount of time.
Thank you so so much to those who've left comments as they read through.  Your feedback fuels my imagination and keeps my fingers on the keys.
“What was?”  His tone is sharper now, his usually calm demeanor cracking, bits of panic showing through.  “Tell me.” Irene is sobbing now, standing slumped in abject misery, hands over her mouth. I spare a second to glance at John, whose face reflects her pain.  I pull him closer and he leans against my side, arm winding around my waist, eyes never leaving Irene.
“It’s a Land Rover, John,”  Sherlock huffs, eyebrows raised.  “A restored 1992 Defender in Coniston Green.  Idiotic name for a colour—Coniston isn’t any greener than the rest of England—but I quite like it.  It was my father’s, and I had it, you know—”  He flaps his hand carelessly toward the vehicle.  “Fixed up.  You can take it to the shops, or—wherever it is that you go when you’re not in my presence.  But this isn’t what I wanted to show you,”  He smirks, tugging on John’s hand and leading them toward the lone door on the back wall.
But it hasn’t.  They haven’t.  John hasn’t said a word.  He’s followed Sherlock around London as he’s always done—but passively now, barely present at all until the adrenaline kicks in and he has to be, for a while.  He spends his days at the clinic and his evenings wandering around the flat, reading or sipping tea or staring into the void, more often than not just retiring early, up the stairs to his own room.  Up and away.
“John!” This comes out as a startled squeak.  “It’s good to see you--yes, yes it’s been far too long.”  John asks what she’s been up to, and when they begin to chat about Molly’s new boyfriend, I take my leave.
“Carry on, then,” I say, waving a hand to dismiss their inanity as I stand to join the others.  I try not to think about marrying John. If I’m being completely honest with myself, it’s because I desperately want to, and I can hardly stand the potent joy that courses through me at the thought.  John has said that it’s too soon after Mary, and I won’t be bringing it up, for fear of overwhelming him. So I try not to think about it.
Monika song got a lot of play while I was writing this.  It brings up feelings I've had throughout my life of deep human connection and profound loss.  It helped me to imagine what both of these characters would have gone through, after finally finding someone who really sees them and then losing them in such a traumatic way.  And then, somehow, finding them again.
It’s certainly not the first time I’ve put him in harm’s way.  It’s what we do, after all—and really, nothing even happened today.  But I’m all too aware, these days, of how quickly things can take a turn for the worse.  And I’m not sure I trust myself to see it coming anymore. Not that I ever really could.
They don’t speak.  Their movements quickly evolve into fumbling hands and shifting hips and desperate, ragged breaths.  Sherlock gasps and clings, barely recognizing himself like this, swamped with a desire he’s never known, with a staggering swell of emotion—barely recognizing John, who has dropped his walls, who is allowing himself, for once, to be
“This is nice,” John says quietly as Sherlock parks the Jeep on the dirt path leading up to the old stone cottage.  Sherlock hums his agreement, wondering if John will feel the same once they’ve stepped inside.
“You never saw her again,”  I didn’t. She had quickly grown bored of her plans of seduction once we’d actually begun a conversation.  There was nothing there, on either end. It was obvious, even through our texts. Our entire acquaintanceship had consisted of unanswered dinner invitations with sexual undertones that neither of us had actually felt.  She’s
“Sherlock,”  John pulls me from my thoughts with a hand on my knee.  We’d put Rosie to bed an hour ago, and now sit in our chairs, each lost in our own heads.  He’s comfortable with my long silences—is prone to his own bouts of distant pondering—although, as ever, he’s more anchored in reality than I ever have been.  “I want to ask you something,” I wait for him to continue. He knows that he can ask me anything. “Are you comfortable with me calling you my partner? I think we’re a bit old for
I had put my heart on the line, and he had made me feel as though I’d irreparably damaged our relationship by doing so.  I can wrap my conflicted head around his initial rage—I, too, am prone to harsh reactions that I later regret—but why did it take so long for him to come around?  To be willing to even speak to me about this? Why did I have to invite him to accompany me across the world, to trigger this conversation?
His bed is comfortable.  Grey cotton sheets, a simple, dark green duvet.  As he crawls into it he prepares himself for the inevitable.  His defenses crumble here—not that they’re particularly solid at any point in the day—but in the dark, when he’s quite alone with absolutely no reason to hide, they fall.
“Good,”  He says with finality.  John knows that he’s being teased—knows that particular tone of voice all too well—but curiosity is getting the better of him.
Sliding an omelet onto a plate, I set it down in front of her and throw some bread into the toaster.  Pouring myself a coffee, I lean against the worktop and sip it quietly, mind wandering. Now what?
“It’s just—”  It’s Hal who speaks, his voice jerking me out of my emotional reverie.  “Well, I did a bit of research last night. I like to be informed—you know how that is, don’t you Sherlock?  Anyway—” Where is this headed? What did he find? “Weren’t you
They head back outside, Rosie making a beeline for the water.  The narrow creek runs just behind the masses of colourful flora—barely a metre wide and quite shallow—with nothing but trees visible on the other side.  The brick path splits at the back door, curving to the left toward the garage as well as straight ahead to the water, where it blooms into a small round patio of sorts.  This is where they come to a stop, watching Rosie drop down to sit cross-legged at the edge of the creek, throwing pebbles and observing with fascination the way the water ripples outward and fades away.
For dinner, we take their Jeep to a well-loved seafood eatery on the water.  It’s a favorite spot amongst locals, and the food, as it turns out, is divine.  Afterward, the four of us stroll down the pier--the lights against the water casting an otherworldly glow around us, rippling outward in every direction.  I watch my parents, arms wrapped around each other’s backs, looking out into the sea. I take John’s hand.
His smile is warm, gently teasing as he repeats Sherlock’s own words back to him.  Sherlock considers, beginning to understand John’s witless thought process and inane choice of words.  “I’m trying to tell you that I’m not asking for that either.  There’s no bloody pressure.  And god, Sherlock, I’ve been so desperately in love with you for so bloody long—I’ve torn myself apart over it.  I’ve mulled it over and berated myself and broke down over the loss of it more times than I could ever recall—“ The hand that isn’t clutching Sherlock’s comes to rest against a pale cheek, thumb stroking back and forth once before stilling.  Sherlock’s eyes fall closed.  He can barely process what he’s hearing, hardly fathom what he’s feeling. “—and now that you’re back, well.  If you’re worried, you needn’t be.  You’re asking me to be with you, but I already am.  I won’t be going anywhere and I’d rather hoped you wouldn’t either.  Ever again, if it were up to me.”
“You are, actually.  It was doomed from the start.  I was only with her because I thought Sherlock was dead for two years—did you come across that in your research?” A good save, but certainly not the truth.  He married her because he loved her. His voice is calm, but his grip on my hand tells another story. He needs this conversation to end.
—inside me.  I let myself melt against him, both of us gradually drifting away—minds floating, weightless, but anchored in each other’s arms.
"John," I begin.  It feels important, to say his name.  "I'm sorry." He just continues to stare.  I hope he can hear me. I hope I can get through.  "He was going to kill you," I blurt it out quickly.  It sounds more like a sob than coherent speech. I didn't prepare any words.  I should have. "You, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson. He was going to kill you all unless I jumped."  The words feel weak. They hold no weight here; too much time has passed. John’s eyes are wide, but he says nothing.  I tell him about the snipers, Moriarty's final words, the way he shook my hand and then blew himself away. I tell him I spent all this time picking apart his bloody network.  Tearing down the spider's web one strand at a time. I don't tell him where I've been. I don't tell him how I've changed. "I've missed you."
“John,” His eyes are closed.  I brush the tears from his cheek, push his hair back from his forehead.  “The one charm of the past, is that it is the past.” He opens his eyes. Then narrows them.
“She’s always referred to me as your boyfriend,” John points out, turning to fix himself a new cup.  It’s true.  Donovan has never missed an opportunity to imply that they’re a couple, in her playfully snide way.  Her entire demeanor toward them has softened considerably over the past few years (in no small part because of Sherlock’s own transformation, John is sure) and she retired the ridiculous and cruel nicknames long ago.  But some things will never change.
“Obviously not.  I spent three days here last month while I got everything in order.  There were certain things I’d wanted to accomplish before I brought you here,”  John stares at him, feeling ridiculously relieved that
But he’s trying, for Sherlock.  He’s living, now, for Sherlock.  He broke off his feeble bloody engagement for Sherlock, yet still hasn’t found the words to tell the man why.
“We were asking what on Earth brought the two of you all the way from London to our humble little town.  John claims you’re on holiday, but surely that can’t be the whole of it. So? Are you on a case or not?”  I roll my eyes. Time to set aside my inner turmoil and play the part I’ve come here to portray.
A proper date.  An overpriced, candlelit, intimate and undeniable date.  And a do-over, he’d supposed.  A new, positive memory to attach to the tops of tall buildings, hopefully overwriting the old.  Just the two of them on top of the world, with nowhere to hide from whatever it is that’s between them.
I stare back at John and my heart clenches so tightly that I think I might just die from the sight of him.  God, he’s lovely. And mine. Propelled by some force outside myself (or, perhaps, the adrenaline) I move forward in three long strides and envelop him in an impassioned embrace.  Kiss his forehead. Bring our mouths together and tell him—wordlessly—everything I need him to hear.
My favourite part.  We move together with practiced ease, our gazes locked--unrelenting.  He reads my body like a mystery novel, blue eyes piercing straight through my thundering heart.
“I assure you, John, that the purchases you’ve mentioned were all entirely selfish endeavors.  After all, I, too, reside in the aforementioned house.  Anyway, look what it’s gotten me.  Now I have you,”  He swoops down to kiss John swiftly, immediately pulling back and snatching up the discarded jumper.  He holds it up to John’s chest, nods to himself, and tosses it back into the trolley.
“Will you tell me what changed?”  He’ll know what I mean. What happened in those forty seven hours between the diner and Baker Street that brought him from fury to acceptance?  What compelled him to show up at my door that night? To put his life on hold and fly across the world with me? He sighs. He’s been expecting this question.
“You’re so beautiful,”  He breathes, a complex mix of emotion welling up in his chest at his own candid words.  He’s always wanted to say them.  He’s thought them countless times—while running through alleyways and up fire escapes, stopping to catch their breath with a shared grin.  Sitting across from him at a café, hypnotic voice deducing each person who enters their line of sight.  Every single time he surprises John with the depth of his love and consideration for their daughter.
“Well, she lives alone.  She’s a call girl. Sex worker.  A high-end one, seems like. She owns the house, bought it a few years back.  Anyway, they found her book of Johns—” He glances at John with a smirk. “Convenient, eh?  Who writes anything down these days? It’s a short list. Seven men. All being brought in for questioning today.”
Once they’ve tumbled out of their cab and tripped up the steps to 221B, trying not to giggle too loudly lest they wake Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock lets his coat fall to the floor, snorting as John immediately picks it up to hang it beside his own on the hooks near the door.
fridge with body parts, leave mould cultures out on the worktop for years on end—and they can easily keep Rosie from ever setting foot inside.  He’s given John some peace of mind.
“All right.  Jesus,”  He pushes his plate away, leaning back to look at her.  She’d managed a bath earlier and has actually gotten dressed today.  Her (only slightly greying) golden hair falls neatly to her chin.  The lines on her face aren’t deep, not really—but the dark circles beneath her pale blue eyes have been a permanent fixture for as long as he can remember.  Still, she looks healthy, all things considered.  She looks almost like his sister again, right down to the cocky glare she’s aiming at him from across the table.  “What was
“Harry,”  Startled, Harry tears her eyes from her brother to meet those of Aoife, the fit-as-fuck angel of a barkeep who’d summonded her here with those two foreboding texts.  They’d shared a few barely-remembered nights together a lifetime ago, back when Harry still spent her days in places like this.  Aoife tilts her head slightly toward the chairs by the fire, loose dark curls shifting against slim shoulders, and Harry follows, sinking into the soft leather and leaning forward to listen, elbows on her denim-clad thighs.  “Look—it’s not often that I call on a man’s sister to carry him home.  He can handle himself—usually does just fine,”  Her bright green eyes are alert, determined, if a bit sad.  He must come here often, then.  Harry’s heart sinks a bit at the thought, cursing herself for not knowing, for not checking in more often.  “But I don’t think he should be alone tonight,”  She chews on her lip, clearly questioning her own intrusive actions.  “He hasn’t said anything outright—but—I have a sense for these things, Harry.  I’ve been there myself, you know?  He shouldn’t be alone,”  Oh.
“Don’t apologize, John,” I stick up my arm, a cab instantly gliding up to the kerb.  “I’m happy to have met her,” And I am. She’s been an important part of John’s life for years now.  I give the driver the address Lestrade texted me, and we pull away.
“You’re a soldier, what’s the difference?” At this, John’s head snaps up, eyes boring through Ajay with an intensity few witness in a lifetime.  He opens his mouth to speak, then abruptly turns around, walks straight out the door and slams it shut with a thunderous crack, the sound reverberating through the room leaving Ajay looking stunned.
When we land at San Francisco International at nine o’clock the next morning, we’re immediately ushered into a sleek black car.  I half expect to find my meddlesome brother inside, waiting to whisk us away, back to London where we belong. But when we climb in, we’re alone—the driver hidden away behind a partition.  John and I exchange a look, his eyebrows raised.
Mary had gone out with friends last night, and stayed out when the rest of them went home. Not unusual for her to do, they all claimed.  CCTV footage from the bank across the street showed exactly which flat she’d spent the night in, and the man who resided there was an ex boyfriend of hers, David Evans.  He gave a statement claiming that Mary spending the night was a common occurrence, and that he had no information on her death. Notes stated that he appeared devastated by the loss.  He was released. No information on the sniper has been uncovered.
before quietly retreating back down the steps.  The air is thick with uncertainty again, now that we’re alone—each of us afraid of making a wrong move and shattering this delicate web we’ve begun to weave around one another.  John looks up at me.
Hands scrabbling, seeking more contact, he pushes up under posh fabric—fingers skating over scarred skin.  Sherlock groans into his mouth, rolling back and pulling John with him, hitching a leg snugly over his hip.  Closer than ever, bodies flush together and John’s head still in his hands, Sherlock devastates him, devours him—as though a near-decade of wanting and waiting has led up to this moment.  And it has, hasn’t it?  It has.
He interrupts.  “Whatever it is, Sherlock, the answer is yes,” Really?  It’s that simple? I look at him for a long moment and then hesitantly bring my arms up, slip my fingers under the hem of his burgundy plaid shirt, meeting the warm skin of his waist.  I pause. “Go on, then,” He says, a small smile still firmly in place. So I do. I slide my palms up his sides, across his ribcage, back down his taut abdomen.
I sigh.  “She had a brief infatuation.  In fact, Molly’s known of my feelings for you for ages.”  A disbelieving look. I shrug. “She said as much. Said she sees me.  She really does, too--she knew that something was off that day--it’s what lead to me asking for her assistance.  Molly’s a good friend, John.”
Perhaps a nice roast for dinner.  Maybe that would get him to come down for a bit of a chat.  A roast to go with these crusty blaas—his favourite, though she pretends every time that she didn’t know.  She’d like to check in, to cautiously probe.  She had learned rather quickly not to try to discuss Sherlock outright—Martha had never seen a man shutter up as quickly as John did after her one and only attempt at asking how he was coping with the loss.  And what a loss it was.  The man has been an absolute wreck.  The two of them were so thoroughly intertwined, she can hardly blame him.
John,”  I place my hands flat on the table—a weak attempt at demanding his full attention.  “It’s for a case. I’ll be there indefinitely, though. Could be months.”
“Hold on, I’m getting to the good bit.  When he goes over to confront the neighbor and get his dog back, the dog attacks him.  Bites clean through his forearm. But the thing is, he’s
“Where’s Lestrade?”  I ask, sipping the pint of loathsome swill in front of me.  It’s not that bad, actually. I’m just in a mood.
“Thank you,”  He rasps.  “I’ve got to—ah, Merry Christmas,” He adds with a nod, then ducks through the door into the solitude of night.
“We’ve been here before,” He’s surveying the place, recognizing the light pink walls, the dark wooden beams across the ceiling.
“I’m afraid not,”  We’re too late. “She’s gone,”  We should have come sooner—why hadn’t I realized it was her voice behind all of those desperate emails?  Why couldn’t I
“You know what I mean,”  I don’t, actually. “They won’t tolerate your nonsense.  They’ll know exactly who you are and you will not be able to talk your way out of it.  Don’t be foolish, Sherlock,” He looks at John for a long moment, hesitating. “When you say he’s got his
The cab stops outside a small restaurant and John disappears inside.  He emerges a few minutes later with three steaming boxes of Thai. All my favourites.  He must’ve ordered on his phone at some point—thoughtful, as ever. I haven’t eaten in days.
Sherlock studies the first—a simple white envelope, all business, no frills.  Lined with a standard blue security pattern that can be glimpsed through the thin white paper.  John can see the moment he deduces what’s inside.
“No gifts,”  John says, leaning heavily on their overflowing shopping trolley as he watches Sherlock pause in front of a display of cashmere jumpers.  Sherlock glances back at him, a confused scowl between his storm-grey eyes.  “No gifts for me, I mean,”  John is counting on this Christmas for the opportunity to show Sherlock how highly he thinks of him in an actual, tangible way.  It’s his turn to do the bloody giving.  And for once, he has a plan in place—something Sherlock would never think to get for himself.  Two somethings, in fact.  “And I do mean it, Sherlock, you’ve already bought me a bloody house and a bloody car and a bloody honeymoon—”
When I drift into sleep, it’s with my head on his chest, counting the beats of his heart.  Eyelids growing heavy, his fingers carding gently through my hair, I slip gradually into oblivion.
He is utterly spellbound—more charmed than he’s ever been in his entire bloody life.  He feels as though those tendrils of potential have taken root right here in their sitting room floor and blossomed into something beautiful between them.  He sways forward, carefully plucking the instrument from elegant, trembling hands and setting it gently in its case where it rests on Sherlock’s chair.
“So—what?”  He’s angry now.  She’s managed to ruffle his feathers.  I loosen my grip on his hand, moving instead to squeeze his shoulder.  He leans back into the touch, a bit of tension leaving the muscles beneath my palm, but he isn’t finished asking questions.  “Your plan was to sit back and watch the three of us destroy each other?”
He reaches for John’s wrist, preventing him from retreating further.  “The house has a small office, you know.  Built in bookshelves.  I thought it would make a nice study—your own space to work on the blog—perhaps to write that book you’ve been yammering on about,”  He steps closer, barely a foot between them now.  John can only stare up at him in utter shock as he continues to tear apart the narrative John had convinced himself to be true.  “There’s a small stream that runs through the back garden.  I imagined we could show Watson how to catch tadpoles in the spring—teach her about metamorphosis,”  He rests his palms on John’s shoulders for a beat, then slides them down, grasping his biceps tightly.  “I want to build a life with you, John.  I thought we’d already begun to, but you seem to think there’s a chance I’ll walk away.  There isn’t,”  He peers down at John, who can feel the last of his defenses turn to dust behind his ribcage, heart squeezing and releasing as a fresh wave of tears spill from the corners of his eyes.  “We need space to grow—all three of us do.  We had our start here, but we’ve outgrown it, don’t you think?  It’s time to move on.”
“Please,”  I don’t mind at all.  I liked the man instantly—his matter-of-fact demeanor and his ability to be unapologetically himself.  We could learn a thing or two from him. He pulls up a stool to John’s right, the barman immediately setting what appears to be a gin and tonic down in front of him.
Mid-afternoon light shines in beams through the treetops, highlighting our steps as they disturb the dirt path below.  We’ve ventured out into the countryside, in search of a less paved paradise. The park that we now walk through is known to tourists for its reconstructed medieval village, and while I’m not much for history, John is intrigued.
Sliding his hands up to Sherlock’s shoulder blades, John squeezes the man as tight as he dares.  He is acutely aware of every point of contact between them, his skin buzzing, humming, attuned to Sherlock’s presence the way he’s always been—but moreso.
“So tell him we did,”  John’s voice is calm—his doctorly side making a swift reappearance.  He places a hand on my back, and I glance over at him. When he meets my eyes, I see within them a silent plea:
“You’re coming to the pub with me later, yeah?”  Lestrade had invited John--and I suppose, by extension, myself--to meet him at the pub tonight for
“Gregory,”  A simple, clipped greeting from the unamused voice on the other end of the line.  “If he hadn’t run off so quickly I’d have further explained,”  Straight to the heart of it, then.  Greg puts his mobile on speakerphone and tosses it on the desk.
He leans forward now, bracing himself with his right arm, and kisses me wildly as we pick up speed.  Tongues tangling, teeth clacking. Our hips slamming forward as we pant into each other’s mouths, rhythm rapidly faltering as his grip tightens around us.  Together, breathlessly, we tumble toward the brink. Gasping, shouting, I’m the first to fall. Body going still before I erupt beneath his fingers. Falling, flying, it doesn’t take long before he follows me over the edge.
Now John shifts closer, fingers drifting from Sherlock’s arm to stroke along his jawline, trailing upward to card gently through dark curls.  Everything they’ve shared in this bed so far has been so much slower, so much softer than John could have ever imagined them capable of.  The sense of urgency that he’s always known to accompany sex and desire and intimacy in general does not seem to exist between the two of them.  Instead there’s a deep-seated, overpowering
“Anything else you want me to know?”  Is there? I suppose I could tell him that just yesterday my brother abruptly announced his likelihood of a short life.  That I’ve taken him for granted my entire thirty-four years of existence, and that I sobbed myself to sleep over it last night.  I could mention my crippling insecurity within my relationship with John. That deep down I expect him to leave me. That despite our profound connection, I fear I’m not cut out for this sort of thing.  I suppose all of this will come out, in time. I’m already sure that I want to come back. This is a person I can speak freely with about such thoughts. Someone who I’ve no risk of pushing away, and who is legally bound to keep my secrets.
“Perfect,”  he says, as we exit the car.  I linger for a moment—not entirely convinced that we should ingest anything that’s been in this building—but John just grabs my hand and drags me through the door.  We’re led to a large patio out back, and I’m instantly a bit stunned by the view. Rolling hills, as far as the eye can see—distant vineyards and buildings in miniature scattered across the landscape.  It’s all a bit overwhelming. There’s no one else here—we’ve got this corner of the world to ourselves—and as soon as the hostess disappears inside, John turns to me. “Sherlock,” He says quietly, placing his palms flat against my abdomen.  I feel the warmth of his skin through my thin cotton t-shirt, and my heart immediately begins to race. “I’ve been reminded today—I—I’ve been missing this. I’m not sure I realized how much. Even just sitting around a lab with you—” He pauses, slides his hands to my waist.  “I want that back,” His expression is fierce, as if he needs to convince himself that it’s true. “When we get home—whatever I have to do. I want it back,” Of course he can have it back. Why shouldn’t he? I still don’t understand why he walked away from the work in the first place.
“Just John is fine,” He says flatly, sounding a bit put off.  Hadn’t they spent hours together just last night—Hal treating him as if they were old friends?  And now
The door to the bedroom is closed (one window), no one inside.  The team has been scouring the rest of the house for signs of an intruder--seemingly having given up on trying to suss out the baffling pile of ash.  “Tell me what we know.”
Obvious.  You were in Mary’s flat specifically to obtain that flash drive.  The both of you, as well as the other members of your little team, I presume, carried them as some sort of pledge to keep your mouths shut about your extracurricular activities.  Mutually assured destruction, is that it? But Mary, slippery snake that she was, kept a decoy drive tucked away in her flat for just such an occasion. The real drive is probably off in a vault somewhere, locked away safely as such an object should be.” Ajay’s expression has turned mutinous.  Fists clenched, eyes wild. “But why kill her? Surely she didn’t open her mouth knowing full well the rest of you hold the key to her demise. Another terrible misdeed, then. Hmm--”
Moriarty’s death, then.  Was she hired to find out if John was in contact with me?  Did she grow to care for him, despite it all? Would she have actually married him?  I shake my head, have to stop this train of thought. She’s dead, and these sorts of questions are futile.  I’ll focus on assuring John’s safety, now. And I’ll do whatever I can to be there for him.
I don’t move.  In fact, I’m struck a bit dumb by this entire turn of events.  I stare down at him, blankly. John rolls his eyes and tugs on my hair to bring our mouths together.  As soon as he bites down--
There are long, sheer white curtains on the window, making this space feel more finished than the others they’ve roamed through thus far—still, it feels...lacking.  Not quite right.  The only other object in the room is a brown leather armchair to the left of the door, with a single towel draped over it.
“Oh—um—”  He’s not at all sure why he feels so wrong-footed.  Of course Greg would find out soon enough anyway.  It occurs to him now that he
I lie back down, pull him with me.  “Come on,” I say. He slides down next to me, face to face, my back against the cushions.  I can feel his tension, now that we’re lying like this. Thinking about last night then. He’ll never let that guilt go.  You didn’t hurt me, John. “Roll over,” He does. I wrap my arms tight around his torso, pull his body back against mine. My hands are on his stomach.  Can feel the muscle there through the wool of his jumper. Want to remove the layers between our skin. But not now, not yet. I kiss the back of his neck.  Bury my face there. He sighs. Content. I recall a promise to watch crap telly. Am I letting him down? I was supposed to be distracting. Could drift off like this.  Have never known such comfort. My eyes are growing heavy now.
, and he scrabbles at my arms, dragging me toward him and lunging at my mouth.  Our kisses are all heat--fire and brimstone--and I hold on for dear life as he sinfully takes me down
“What if there were only me?”  Sherlock breathes, a warm puff of breath caressing John’s cheeks, their noses only inches apart, John’s heart beating a bold rhythm against his breastbone.  “No more looking for—no more—just—us?”
He asks me about my family as we eat.  Wants to know what to expect from my parents.  He’s concerned, I think, that they won’t accept him.  They will. They’ll hardly believe I’ve managed to keep him.  “They’re quite normal, actually,” He raises a disbelieving eyebrow.
in his ear, Sherlock is quite right.  John had no intention of being the one to end the conversation—he’d have talked nonsense all night just to avoid saying goodbye.
“I don’t know how to grieve her,”  Well, I’ve failed at distraction, then.  “Or if I even can. I didn’t know her at all.”  I don’t know what to say to this, so I run my hands up to his chest, kiss his ear.  “I knew I was going to leave her the moment you returned,” just a whisper. “I knew the second you sat down on that bench and said my name that I would follow you wherever you go, for as long as you’ll have me.”
“What on earth brought you to that conclusion?”  I find myself asking, taken aback by her candid words.  It’s unlike her to show so much of herself—or, well—at least emotionally.
, but still I find myself wondering if what we have between us now is strange or unsustainable.  Do people do this? Can we just exist in this undefined, sexless limbo indefinitely? Is that what I want?  John said that it’s up to me to decide what we become. He’s all in, no matter the outcome. I can hardly believe that I’m the recipient of such unconditional commitment—I’ve been handed a prize that I’d never thought possible, and I don’t want to let him down.
He glares.  “Look mate, are you going to go sift through that ash or not?”  I roll my eyes, pull my gloves on, and get to work.
played masterfully on a violin by an absolute king.  Please watch this, it's so good & a perfect visual (and audio) aid.  There's even a part where he's silhouetted against a window, Sherlock style.  This song may seem randomly thrown in here, but it's just one of my long time favorites.  Please ignore the fast and loose use of musical terminology.  I know nothing of classical concertos and trying to write a not-boring description of a man playing a violin had me squirming.  Oh and 'calm as a Hindu cow' is a Fight Club reference, ha.
He shouts as he comes, sound loud in my ears.  Reverberating dramatically through the stairwell we hide in.
After a duration of time that I couldn’t quantify if I tried, we get up.  Straight to the shower where we laugh, kiss messily, and wash each other’s hair--he truly cannot keep his fingers out of mine.  I don’t mind. Not at all.
“Why not?”  He responds quickly, still grinning.  She seems to contemplate this for a moment, then shrugs.
“Save it, Mycroft,”  John is in a mood that I cannot contend with.  He wouldn’t hear my claims that getting my brother involved was futile.  Didn’t listen when I’d told him he was wasting his time. Whatever it is about this situation with Hal that’s got him all wound up, he’s determined to resolve it.  Mycroft looks a bit taken aback by the interruption, but he’s clearly curious about the nature of this call. He waits for John to continue. “Holling Collins. An alias, surely.  Tell us what you know,” Interesting. He hasn’t mentioned his suspicions. My inability to find even a trace of the man online suggests as much, but we haven’t discussed it. Anyway, I have already attempted—entirely unsuccessfully—to uncover his true identity.
“Taking you home.  Come on,”  She steels herself for an argument, fully expecting some sort of explosive denial.  But he only sighs, nodding once at his empty glass, and rising from his barstool.  Christ, he looks like absolute shit—hasn’t shaved in ages, a short, greying beard covering his deeply creased features.  It doesn’t suit him.  Makes him look like he’s given up entirely.  Perhaps he has.  The deep, dark circles beneath his eyes are not new, though—they’ve been there since the moment it happened, since the very second that his entire world began to crumble.
it,”  and god, it hurts to say.  But it’s the truth, isn’t it?  The man doesn’t want romantic love.  “He never has.  He’s never—had—it.  Never had anyone.”
He’s taken this chance for the both of them—confronted this thing that’s been growing between them for so
The second box is quite heavy, and I have a pretty good idea of what’s inside.  “This one’s for you, I think,” I slide the box across the table as John sets down two plates.  He gives me a questioning look, but picks it up, flips it over. Both boxes were unmarked.
The second time I wake, it’s to John softly brushing curls from my forehead.  I look down at him and he peers back into my eyes.
“Hello,”  She says, remaining in the hallway and hovering obnoxiously, half in and half out.  “Thought perhaps you’d like to go for a pint,”  Her voice grates on his nerves.  It’s irrational, he knows.  Been a long day, is all.  A long week.  A long six months.  He really doesn’t need to take his own misery out on this poor woman.  “Nearly half eight,”  She glances unnecessarily at her watch.  “Join me?”
“I’ve been awake for nearly an hour—woke up the second you rolled over and slipped your hand up my shirt,” I cringe, glance over at him.  He’s still grinning. “It’s fine, Sherlock.  It was quite nice seeing you like that,” What is that supposed to mean?  I narrow my eyes. He just laughs, climbs out of bed and heads for the loo.
John insists on driving, which is fine by me, and we head off through the redwoods towards town.  He wasn’t wrong about the car. It is, in fact,
I can still hardly believe it.  It’s true that they rarely leave their cottage in Wales these days, and my childhood home sits empty—but it’s an extremely generous gift, and I’m quite touched to be on the receiving end of such a sentimental bequest.  I’ve no idea what John will think of it, though. He’s already uncomfortable with the concept of family money, and has yet to accept that he’s a part of ours. To be handed the deed to a Georgian cottage in North Yorkshire is going to be quite a shock.
history.  He knows precisely what it’s like to lose the person you’re closest to, only to find that they’ve been out in the world the entire time.  He’d made sure I understood what that was like for him—what thinking me dead for several years had done to him. I feel ill even considering it, now.
—and she had failed entirely at her attempts to get through to him.  Of course it would be hard for him.  Of course it would.  It’s never
“No,”  John smirks, wondering if Sherlock spent the entire night in his mind palace or just watching John sleep.  He can hear Rosie shuffling about in the hall.
Now I drop down onto the couch, as far away from John as the large sectional will allow, let my head fall back and release the breath I’d been holding.  I need to set aside the tension I’m feeling over this situation we’ve found ourselves in. We’re on a case. It doesn’t have to be so difficult. I’ll make sure that John is able to broadcast his heterosexuality far and wide if need be.  We’ll have our story in order—just two mates, out on the town. In the area for the summer. Why? I don’t know. I’ve never been especially adept at fiction. That’s John’s area.
“Always love having her here, you know that.  Any time.” We say our goodbyes and head back out to the idling cab.
John stands at the kitchen sink, watching water run into the kettle in a steady stream, and lets his mind wander into spaces he’s never fully allowed himself to go.
They spend the day sipping mulled cider and chatting—discussing the wedding, recent cases, the blog.  Mrs. Holmes doesn’t hesitate to bombard Harry with questions about John’s youth and what he got up to.  Harry doesn’t hesitate to respond in kind, much to the delight of Sherlock.
I've learned to be honest with myself in my time away.  Two years spent in immutable fear and crushing solitude will do that to a person.  Even me. I was wholly unprepared for the situation I walked into, and the result was a series of drawn-out and painful reality checks.  Gaping wounds on both my body and mind. In addition to that particular kind of agony, something snapped into place that day on the rooftop, kicking up a train of thought I could not hide from.  Not anymore.
The shower feels incredible.  We stand together under the hot cascade, letting it wash away all lingering remnants of our lust.  Muscles melt under heat and John’s hands. Our mouths meet, fingers firmly roam, as we wordlessly bask in each other’s proximity.
“You thought I shagged you because I was upset over Mary?  Sherlock.  Did it feel that way, really?”  He knows that it didn’t, and suspects Sherlock is aware on some level that he’d never bloody do that.  He is a bit surprised that Sherlock is even aware of Mary, but he really shouldn't be.  Of course he bloody knows that John had attempted to begin dating again.  He probably also knows what a spectacular failure it had been.
I extricate myself from his clutches and head to the loo, then make my way to the kitchen.  Start the coffee and rummage through the fridge. Throw some bacon in a pan, crack some eggs into a bowl.  Dig out the bread and jam.
John cries out when he comes, shouting my name, and we fall forward into the soft linen below.  I’m completely gone—drilling furiously into his body—over and over as I sob and moan against his neck.  He calls out again and again as I hump him forcefully, clinging to him tightly as I drown in a sea of lust and lechery.  I feel the pleasure building dangerously with each wild thrust—and when my body goes still, my cries echo through our room as I violently erupt deep inside him.  My hips slam upward once, twice, again, again—emptying me out, filling him up. I melt into him completely, covering his body where he lies beneath me—and we slowly sink into a deadened daze.
My mother throws her hands in the air and exclaims loudly when we walk through the door of their cottage.  Kisses John on each cheek and hugs him tight. I want to roll my eyes at her overt enthusiasm, but the sight of them together causes something new to bloom in my chest.  Here they all are--my given family and my chosen one--together at last.
With fingers first, as I lean forward, face pressed into the side of our bed.  Still half-clothed, we move together, sweat together—John’s slippery digits relentlessly teasing me open as I gradually relax around him.  He grabs my waist, bending me over the bed. Hovers above me, hands on my hips, and glides his slick shaft into my body. We’ve done this often enough that the sensation is a familiar one.  Filled by him, surrounded by him, I moan into the sheets below. He pulls back slow, and pushes in
hasn’t.  Neither of them are quite ready to face more of the undignified and unbridled enthusiasm that has been directed at them by the few people they’ve told.  Harry is still texting him daily, asking what it feels like to be
My hands slide down to his arse now, and feeling bold, reckless, I slip one finger down, down, and press hard against his tight hole.  He shouts my name—stunned—as he comes—violently—between us. The sound of my name torn from his lips sends me spiraling wildly after him.  Clutching on to each other, we ride out the waves, rocking slowly as the tide washes us out to sea.
John nods in response, smile firmly in place. “Smells brilliant,” He says.  No mention of forgotten nightmares, of tears shed in sleep--
Whatever was in that box was something that belonged to Sherlock—something that Molly had kept, had wrapped up and tucked away and given to John in a moment of desperate hope and a bit of pity.  Whatever it is, she now fears it may send the man even further over the edge.  Or into the abyss.  Or out to sea.  It’s unclear where John’s head is, these days.
“Well I’d assumed to keep it available for you, dear, should you choose to go away for a bit.  It is your home, after all.  He’s also keeping Sherlock’s things up there, isn’t he?  At least until he gets around to moving them.  The man has more money than he knows what to do with.  Paid two years out—honestly, so unnecessary.  At some point you have to think he’s just being a bit of a show-off…”  John isn’t listening.  Martha leaves him be, poking her head in the oven to check on the blaas.  Perfect.  Golden brown with a lovely crust.  She plops the pan down on the stovetop to cool and continues working her way through the dishes.
“Can hear you thinking,”  He rumbles, voice deep from sleep, eyes still shut tight.  I grin, slide closer. Press my mouth to his chest, his throat.  Let my tongue linger on the warm skin of his neck, caress his pulse point with my lips.  He loves this. Tips his head back and sighs.
John enjoyed the show, we finished washing and dressing, and now we’re standing side by side in front of the full-length mirror in our room.  We’ve both chosen simple black suits for the press conference--my shirt white, his a light grey--and as we stand here primping, I’m taken aback by how natural we look together.  Comfortable and at ease in each other’s presence, like two pieces of a whole.
“Distract me.”  I raise an eyebrow, and he laughs, though it’s strained.  “I’m not asking you to take me to bed, Sherlock. Let’s watch crap telly.  You can deduce and berate all the idiots for my entertainment,” I like the sound of this.  This is something we did before.
He leaves without another word, shuffling slowly up the stairs, and Martha wonders—with a sharp stab of sorrow—if after this week, she’ll ever see him again at all.
I don’t read the others.  I open his contacts, see that my name is still among them.  Replace my old number with the new one Mycroft set me up with.  Hand it back.
I consider fleeing.  Having spent the last ninety two minutes pondering our failing friendship and my part in that, I’m not sure I can ask this of him now.  He’ll surely say no. Why do I continuously convince myself that there’s a chance for us? It’s irrational. It’s pathetic, really. I need to just go.
John huffs, half amused at her endless string of questions and half annoyed that he hasn’t yet been allowed to finish a single sentence.
“Oh come on,”  He sits up, turning toward me, sitting cross-legged.  “You know we have to. The sooner we befriend this imbecile, the sooner we can learn what he’s up to,”  I sigh. Of course he’s right. Obviously our client knew that he’s an admirer—that he’d latch onto us from the jump.  I’m beginning to understand why they were so persistent in requesting our assistance. Perhaps there was no one else for the job.  I nod in acknowledgment.
“Stop,” John blurts out, voice slightly raised and cracking pathetically.  He clears his throat, lowering his tone.  “Just stop.  It isn’t—it’s not an option.  All right?  It’s not an option.”  And it bloody well isn’t.  Sherlock made that clear from the start, and it’s John’s own problem that everything he’d trained himself to push down, down, down and ignore for a damn
Eventually, he visibly surfaces, coming alive beneath John’s hands and meeting his lips—the full force of his desire evident in each eager kiss. With a contented groan, John falls back, allowing Sherlock to press him into the sheets, responding without much thought—revelling in the ease of this connection, the heat of him, the thin layer of slick sweat forming on their bare skin, the tendrils of warmth rapidly growing and blooming throughout John’s body.  Gradually, they sink into each other, lost to the world as heat grows, hips writhe, chests heave and fingers seek.
Am I making any sound?  “Sherlock,” I feel the bed dip.  Not asleep, but I can’t quite open my eyes.  “Sherlock, you have to wake up.”
“Now then,”  I say, clearing my throat and smoothing out my shirt as we break apart.  “What else can you tell us about Mr. Collins’ connection with Bohemian Grove?”
John stays.  We put Rosie to bed upstairs, each pressing our lips to her forehead and pulling the door closed with a soft
He roars, chest heaving as he seems to struggle to breathe.  Mycroft is more than a bit taken aback by this sudden outburst.  He takes a moment to school his features, to bury the surprise that is no doubt currently on display.  Is this not a positive thing?  Should John not be glad to know that Sherlock placed such value on his life?
I pace around the living room of 221B, as I’ve been doing for the last hour and a half.  John has been determinedly ignoring me, seated in his chair with his nose in a book. Probably one of the absurd mystery crime novels he’s dug back out now that his own detective has come back to life.  He’ll need them to entertain himself if my insolent brother continues to prevent us from taking part in any of the interesting cases--
—and no amount of probing with fingers could have prepared me for the way that this feels—for this particular blend of physical sensation and staggering emotion.  I grab for his arms and pull him back against me, into my lap where we kneel on our bed. He drops his head back against my shoulder, panting, and kisses my jaw. I wrap my arms around his waist and turn my head to meet his lips.  Softly, lightly.
“You’re not regretful,” He rumbles, pale eyes now darting over John’s features.  John’s smile widens.
He must be joking.  I watch, brow furrowed, as his amused silhouette appears in the doorway.  “I’ll take that as a
It’s still early--just going on five o’clock.  It feels odd to have no obligations. No code to crack, no imbecilic criminal to stalk and corner.  I watch John, sitting back on the couch next to me, clearly lost in thought. I wonder if Mary’s death is affecting him more than he’s letting on.  I wonder if he feels that he couldn't tell me, if it were. He’s been so open about his pain that I hadn’t even questioned it, but I see now that the circumstances—how quickly we fell into our own new chapter, despite his relationship with Mary—make things quite complicated.  “John.”
“Have you heard from her since she left?”  John asks Ben, glancing at me. He looks concerned—no doubt imagining a scenario where Isla has indeed left Irene, allowing her to believe she’s dead.  It occurs to me now that his empathy toward her may have something to do with
No one mentions the distinct absence that’s felt throughout the room—but after dinner, John serves tea from her cherished old tea pot.  It was
Lestrade clears his throat.  It occurs to me that we’ve been staring intently at one another for considerably longer than is appropriate considering the setting.  John snaps his eyes away as his face reddens. Anger? Holds his chin up in defiance. “Yes?” His voice commanding, dangerous. A light rage seems to be suddenly simmering beneath his skin.  Why?
He lies still.  Still and silent as he can manage, just as he had done last night when John had begun to touch him—
Sherlock.” His eyes had grown wider and wider as I blurted out all my desires and fears, here in the middle of this flat we’ve called home.  Baring my soul to you John. Heart is in your hands. “You’re such a bloody romantic,” I glare. “I want all of that, too. We can have that.” He leans forward, kisses me.  Slow, soft. Then my jaw, my throat. I swallow. “I know it’s a risk, there’s always a risk. But I don’t ever want to be apart from you again. I’m committed to you in whatever way you want me.  If we both want everything, we can have it.”
“John,”  She tries gently, watching as he visibly deflates, eyes darting back to meet hers before skittering across the room once more.  “Were the two of you—were you—”
“You really mean that,”  Harry says, almost gently.  Odd.  John stops typing, glances up to meet her inquiring eye.
We share a grin as we fly around sharp turns with ease and laugh when we plummet down a steep hill and our stomachs drop.  In moments like this, I can only recall the good times we’ve had—the easy bond that we’ve shared from the start. I often think back and wonder what it was about him that allowed me to let him in so immediately—to show him a side of me that I obstinately hide from the rest of the world.  When I recall how entangled our lives became from the start, it’s easy to forget how off-kilter we’ve become.
“I love it,”  He does.  He loves it as he loves everything about this place.  In the way that you love a thing only someone who really knows you—
“She’s done just fine climbing up,”  He nods down at Rosie as they reach the loft without incident.  “Not much danger of falling, and she’ll adapt quickly.  But I suspect descending will be another matter entirely,”  He looks pointedly at the stairs, which do look rather ominous from this angle.  “And so—I’ve ordered a slide.”
Either way, it’s the only thing he’s got left to live for, and he isn’t ready to let go of it just yet.
Eventually, we break apart, John grinning at me as he reaches for his mobile.  He rings Greg—a video call—and I watch his face light up when Rosie’s pink cheeks and mop of blonde curls appear on the screen.
He situates himself on a stool beside Greg, shuffling around a bit and removing his familiar black jacket, tossing it over the stool on his left.  “Anyway,”  He continues, shooting Greg an apologetic smile.  “Hello.”
glaring determinedly at each of the three men who attempt to chat me up.  Really not in the mood. Really
It’s too warm for a fire.  It’s probably too warm for tea, too, but that won’t stop John from setting the kettle to boil and leaning against the worktop, watching Sherlock as he messes about with the massive red brick fireplace on the opposite wall.  It’s practically ritual for them, at this point.  Fire in the grate and tea in hand—two small comforts that they seek each time they sit down for a proper chat.  Two small points of warmth.
“Wow,”  She breathes.  She doesn’t know of the small fortune Mrs. Hudson has left to Sherlock—this must seem like an impossible occurrence.
The swell of fondness—perhaps a bit of exasperation—in the unshuttered depths staring back at him knocks him a bit off-kilter.  It occurs to him now that he hasn’t really looked at John, has been afraid to, for quite some time.  Not like this, at least—not so openly, without his walls.
“Of course I’ll take her, when have I ever said no?  We can go to the zoo.  Greg will be at the Yard all bloody day and night anyway,”  She pauses, considering.  “Everything all right with you two?”
I lie huddled under the duvet—knees to chest, in the foetal position—wondering how much longer I can avoid venturing out and facing John.  I’ll need to summon the courage soon if my near-bursting bladder has any say in the matter. It’s nearly half ten, and he knows full well that I’ve never slept this late in my life.  Can only imagine what he thinks of me, barricaded behind this door to avoid another conversation—I poke my head out from under the covers when I hear a soft knock.
"Oh yes, we meet up every Friday for Fish & Chips."  Big brother is charming as ever. I’m handed a file. Surveillance photos.  Moustache? My god, John. "I've kept a weather eye on him, of course. We haven't been in touch at all, to prepare him."
“I should go,”  He mutters at last, standing abruptly, chair screeching across the floor as he shoves it back and out of his path.  “Thanks for—”  He waves a hand toward the table, immediately turning toward the door to fetch his jacket, shrugging it quickly onto his shoulders.
“Go on, then,”  Sherlock encourages, his smile infectious, grey eyes alight with the glow of the fire.  John leans against his side, pillows his head on his shoulder as Sherlock's arm slides around his back.  They silently watch their daughter experience this—her unbridled excitement and recurrent surprise.  He remembers, vaguely, what Christmas morning felt like as a child.  The thrill of it.  But he and Harry had never had anything quite like this.  Sherlock is the one who has given her this.
I switch off my mobile.  Molly again. She’s called three times since our little video chat reveal on Tuesday.  She wants to know what’s transpired between John and me that’s given him cause to unabashedly plant his lips on my cheek.  I’m not sure what to tell her. Not sure if she’s aware of everything that happened between us ten weeks ago—I certainly never mentioned it.  She must have wondered why we stopped speaking. Likely figured it out for herself—she’s known how I feel about John for many years.
When we walk through the front door, I throw an arm out to keep the two of them behind me.  “There’s someone here.”
“I know what that’s like,” John says, nodding toward me.  “Think you’ve caught about two hours of sleep in the last three days?”  My turn to roll my eyes. We were on a
“Do you know who we are?” I demand without preamble.  The sight that greeted us as we marched through the door was of a man looking discouragingly worn down and defeated.  Slumped in a plastic chair, arms hanging between his knees. Cuffs and chains connecting ankles to wrists, his head bowed to the floor and eyes closed tight.  No response. “Ajay. Do you know who this is?”
“Just under a year,”  Just after they’d lost her.  John watches Sherlock instantly do the mental math, his face a complicated mixture of grief and affection.  “I’d wanted to—you know.  Memorialize her—somehow.  For you.  And I thought—well in the end, it was your idea, really.  Even if you didn’t know what I’d been up to.  When you told me your plans for Baker Street it just—”  Sherlock has turned his head away, staring off at the fading fire in the grate.  “—clicked.  Sherlock,”  John reaches for his wrist.  Feels a racing heartbeat beneath his fingertips.
Mycroft didn’t make an appearance this time.  In fact, he’s been mysteriously absent for the past couple of weeks, though he claims he’ll be in attendance tonight.  We’ve made an effort to see each other more, and have been trying to find some common ground. We had him over for dinner once in the first week of December.  It wasn’t altogether unpleasant. He spoke of his recent work with the South African government—what little he could actually tell us—and we told John stories of our childhood adventures, before things had gone sour between us.  He’d asked us if we’d be interested in taking cases again, and we told him of our quest for peace of mind. Mycroft is aware of my (now officially diagnosed) PTSD and has refrained from asking for any hands-on assistance. Things have gotten marginally better, but I need more time.  I’d told him as much, and he was understanding—he always seems to be understanding these days. We did not speak of illness, of uncertainty, of untimely ends. I’ve learned that there’s nothing to be gained by dwelling on what we cannot control.
Maybe if they were a decade (or two) younger.  But god, if he’d met Sherlock in his twenties he wouldn’t have had a clue what to do with him.
I nearly drop the mobile in my haste to respond.  We’ve met there before, many times. Back when we were still capable of conjuring words and speaking them aloud to one another, I would meet him for lunch a few times a week.  But that hasn’t happened in months. Now all we have is useless small talk, awkward silence—and a stubborn determination to avoid what really needs to be said.
John exhales slowly, not quite finding the nerve to meet Sherlock’s piercing gaze just yet.  Fingers lightly squeeze his arm and he finds Molly in front of him—she’s been there the entire time, he supposes, though in the last few minutes his entire world has narrowed down to just one man in the room.
I’ve made no progress in two days, and I’m beginning to wonder if this is entirely hopeless after all.  What was I thinking, taking a case with no data? No defined crime? I suppose my sole thought on the matter was that I’d like to get out of London—preferably with John at my side.  Mission accomplished—but I hadn’t planned on having no useful information to speak of, a week into the trip. All we’ve got to show for our time here is a test tube of psychedelic coffee and an insufferable bloody narcissist who won’t stop texting me.
“All right,” I smile. “Come on, then,” I grab him by the wrist and hoist him out of his chair.  We plop down on the couch, and without hesitation he pulls at my shoulder until I’m lying with my head in his lap.  His fingers go straight to my hair. “You like this.”
John watches him for a moment, then unlinks their hands and pulls one long arm around his shoulders, burrowing into his side.  Sherlock pulls him impossibly closer, arm slipping downward, a comforting weight against John’s back.  They spend the rest of the ride home in silence; John’s dazed, clouded mind marvels at this, as it so often does—at all that he has and what the two of them have become.  Wrapping his arms around the man beside him, he holds onto him in a way that says
“Left ten minutes ago.  Got tired of watching you sleep.  As did Greg and Molly, although I suspect they had other plans,”  Sherlock winces, not remotely interested in what those plans may be.  “I didn’t want to wake you since you never bloody sleep, but here we are.  Let’s go home,”  (home!)  Sherlock can’t stop the stupid, giddy smile that makes its way onto his face.  John returns it, looking radiant through a lingering haze of sleep and the influence of expensive vodka and a seemingly ever-present swell of joy and relief.
The doubt remains.  He couldn’t even face him this morning.  He’d woken at dawn to Sherlock lying nearly on top of him, overwhelmingly warm, and snoring softly into John’s neck.  This is startling for several reasons, one of them being that he’d been a bit distant the night before, shuffling closer when invited, but keeping a fair amount of space between them.  And that had been fine, if a bit worrisome for John, who’s convinced himself that this will somehow end in regret.  He’d slid out from under him and made his escape to the kitchen to regain his bearings.
We’ve been walking for nearly an hour, saying little, each lost inside our own minds.  It occurs to me that John is probably hungry—he does tend to consume food regularly throughout the day—a habit I used to find inconvenient.  Not anymore. Anyway, it’s been nearly five hours since our lunch with Harry. I scan our surroundings for a solution, and my eyes land on a little restaurant tucked in between an office building and a butcher shop.  Red lanterns shine in the windows and I recognize it as a Chinese grill we visited once, before. I take John’s hand and lead him across the street and through the door. He looks up at me questioningly but says nothing.
per se--” I pause for effect, look down my nose at him where he’s hunched in his plastic chair.  “--and we know that nothing you say can change that, as you set those wheels in motion when you murdered two MI6 agents in a misguided attempt at escape.”
“I—well,” He takes a deep breath.  “I suppose the first thing we should consider is whether we’ll share a space—a—bed,” God, why is this so difficult?
John is right behind me--of course he is--as our feet carry us across the street and through the gravel that surrounds the shop.  We skid to a halt, gravel crunching, once we’ve reached the corner where Jones disappeared. Sirens in the distance now, clearly headed this way.  “There,” I whisper, nodding toward the chainlink graveyard of vehicles. He’s getting into a white sedan, parked at the edge of the lot near a gate.  “He’s going to run.”
John remains seated where I left him for quite a long time.  Minutes tick by until eventually I feel the bed dip behind me as he crawls beneath the sheets.  I’m all too aware of his presence, every fiber of my being on high alert. I won’t be sleeping tonight.  I’ll be lying here thinking of the fact that this is the first time in my life I’ve shared a bed with anyone at all, and of how the circumstances are cosmically cruel.  I’ll be obsessing over his words, turning them over and over in my head, wondering if we’ll even be able to move forward while being crushed by all of the doubt that plagues us.  I’m thinking exactly that, when I feel a light pressure on my right shoulder blade. John’s hand, unsure of its welcome, reaching out. I freeze. Remain curled up on the edge of the bed and wait.  Both hands, now. His palms against the cotton of my t-shirt. Unmoving. Testing the waters, making sure I’m open to this unfamiliar touch. Am I? I haven’t moved away. Haven’t succumbed to my usual tendency to flee at the first sign of affection from him.  I’ve craved this for so long that I can hardly believe it’s happening. Craved closeness, with him. Only that. Only to reach a level of comfort with one another that would allow us to reach out.
