"That seems unlikely. Coma, I presume?"
Perhaps he sounded pleased about it too.
"Hypnic jerk." Sherlock supplied.
"I guess. It's not like I got anything accomplished today."
"No, I...I wasn't interested in that then. Not at all. I had sort of lost the...the desire for it, I suppose. The last time Mary and I had actual penetrative sex was a month or so after the honeymoon I guess...so..." He paused...had it really been that long? Really? "Jesus, I haven't had sex since summer of 2014. That's almost two years."
He tried to smile in return but couldn't quite do it. The realization was suddenly hitting him that he was still here. He'd failed in the most absurd of ways.
At the reception, they dined and danced and danced and danced and despite the fact that neither of them touched a drop of alcohol John felt dizzy, practically drunk with happiness.
Sherlock called not long after 1:30 AM.
He looked down at the box and on top, she had placed an envelope with the name "Pripyat" scrawled across.
"Ok, so...you've had minimal time to think about it. What's your...where do you...I mean can you reconcile-"
John had then brought the hand he was clasping up to his lips to kiss it before resting it on his chest, above his heart.
"Did you find me?" He asked ashamed, unable to look him in the eye.
"Have you ever dated? Had a boyfriend? Even a secret one?" There were so many times John had wanted to ask this but Sherlock hadn't been very receptive. Not angry or cold, just dismissive, closed off and most of all disinterested. But the Sherlock before him now was so bloody tender in the mornings, so soft spoken and relaxed, so teasing and unguarded and gentle. This Sherlock smiled easily and stretched his limbs and wiggled his toes and yawned! He wasn't sure he'd ever seen Sherlock just
I don't fear anything anymore, Sherlock. Not prison. Not death. Not Mycroft. Not you.
"You said she was smart." She replied as she set the item in the trolley just before locking eyes with him. "How smart?"
"Well he sprung this on me, didn't he? Didn't even tell me he was contacting you."
He felt a wave of relief, knowing it would be over soon. Knowing that he could finally close the book on the uneventful life that was John Watson.
"Yeah...yeah, of course. Well, I’d best be going.” He said turning to face her.
A deeper, lovelier, heavier sleep was pulling him down and he gladly let it happen.
“Nah, I’m going to stay here. Well, not literally here, being a figment of your imagination and all, but metaphorically. You don’t need me like this anymore. You haven’t for awhile. That’s a good thing.”
and then showed me his commemorative t-shirt and mug."
"It actually wasn't all that difficult." He continued. "A slow, gentle hand, firm when necessary, light pressure, tight circles, a bit of penetration, occasional stimulation of the very real g-spot, the usual bluntness and innuendo in her ear and eureka. Not really sure why straight men find it so difficult. As the final part of my penance to her, I'm to serve as a "wingman", accompany her to a few events and point out viable romantic partners. John? You looked flushed again. Are you alright?"
"You haven't!" He said quickly. "You're worried you were being selfish. I assure you, John, I received just as much pleasure from our interactions as you did. I found them stimulating and not just sexually so. I have never shared a bed with anyone, I have never had the desire and I have never felt lonely...until you. I find my room lacking, missing something. I am restless there without you."
"Please look at me while you do it. I want to see you. I want to watch myself sliding in and out of your mouth. I want..."
"You bit me." John said breathlessly as he lost himself, finally, in a good way.
"Thank you, John." Jan said with a smile. "Anyone else?"
Sherlock worked his jaw for a moment and John saw a coldness in his eyes. It didn't last.
"Again? You're like a broken faucet little miss." She said to Rosie as she searched through one of her many bags. When she came up with one she started walking toward them both but Sherlock was already on his feet with Rosie in his arms.
"I needed them to think I was gone and you were useless to me. I needed everyone to think you didn't matter."
He scratched the rash on his neck.
"So you proofread his work?"
The paparazzi problem was still there, still a hassle, still
"Why are you hesitating?"
"No? Let's see, shall we?" He said and the next thing I knew he wrenched one of his wrists free and I was being dragged down into a kiss, his lips crashing into mine.
He wanted to beg. Sherlock could feel it, it almost fell from his lips but he willed it back.
John had wanted to scream. Just a wordless howl as he rushed over to him, caught him before he hit the ground. But his voice hadn't come out as a scream. Rather he was calm. That doctor-voice switching on, calm, cool, reassuring even in the face of panic.
"For God sakes I just accepted the identity of being an alcoholic do I have to-..." He trailed off, not at all liking where he was going with this.
"When I allowed myself to...dream, we were here every night."
"Would it be alright if I said something?" He asked tentatively.
"You make me believe." John said trying to echo the sentiment.
Sherlock wasn't getting it but John was going to make sure he did.
"Can we meet with a potential client tomorrow at two? Are you free?" He asked.
A few more texts and it was settled. John told them to have a good time and slid his phone back into his jeans.
"Meaning I found some online and a few by phone."
"That seems a bit mean."
"Not for a moment." Reaching a hand back he placed it in Sherlock's hair urging him closer. "Please don't stop."
John took a deep breath he hoped his friend didn't hear. A good chunk of him wanted to say no. This was playing with...if not fire, then something equally dangerous.
"If you're so talented then you try for the Charlie Horse. It's your turn."
him wear them, fibber, to shamelessly show off his arse."
wanted this. I packed it away like a box in an attic but it was still there. I hadn't understood it, didn't want to understand.
John expected his friend would have equal difficulty with such a question and while avoiding looking at him directly he reached for the water bottle set out for him.
"How so?"
"It's you, Sherlock. I know you prize your mind above all else, but contrary to whatever you believe, you're not just a head atop a means of conveyance. This is you." He said as he placed a finger lightly on his mates lips before slowly moving it down over his chin, neck, chest, abdomen. "This is you." He repeated again. "All of you. Best get acquainted. Because you're going to have to introduce it to me. Now, as I asked you to before; stroke yourself."
The older man simply stared at him for a moment, stunned into silence.
The bottle didn't make it to John's lips, instead, it just hovered in mid-air, untasted. He looked at Sherlock dumbly, surprised by the straightforward reply.
These were the times he not so subtly begged Sherlock for distraction; a case, a board game, a walk around the block, anything except something physical. He'd muddled their bedroom activity enough and was determined not to do that anymore.
"I don't know." He said throwing his hands in the air helplessly. "A lot. London is absolutely mad on any night of the week. You can pop round to a pub, find a girl, chat her up, she likes you, you like her and the next thing you know you're fucking in an alley round back. And it's good, it's great and that's what I did. I did that night after night, week after week. I drank and I fucked and I mourned my best friend who I loved more than life itself. That was all."
"This has been you giving me a pass?" He asked incredulously.
"When is this going to stop being so hard?" He asked.
"Is this when I hand in my homework?" John asked as he settled into the seat in Hanah's office.
John squinted and then shut his eyes tightly after a moment. A peculiar sound had arisen and he couldn't place where it was coming from. He stuck a finger in his ear, moving it around a bit. There was a vague distant noise of ringing, like someone blowing a whistle a few houses down. Like a train or something...maybe.
But this time, though he refused to admit it, even to himself, he was caught between hiding it from Sherlock and making him see it.
Something about almost losing you twice has shaken me in ways that I can hardly stand to think about.
"So...this wasn't the first time you'd..."
"Thank you. I'm sorry I was too dull to miss the clues you dropped that you're gay. I feel like a shit."
, are you unclear as to what impotence is?"
He was open to him now, relaxed and seemingly ready and though John hated to break the mood it appeared as though it was time. He slowly removed his fingers earning a little sound of frustration from Sherlock before he grasped what was next. John bridged his body over him before remembering the condoms and sitting up to reach for them.
"You say that as though it were all just a snap of the fingers. Especially the last part; 'You'll get clean.'"
"Alright. I'll leave you be. I love you. But you listen to me, John Watson, if there is a hereafter, I would suggest you not piss me off by shitting your life away. I imagine I'd be a right bitch of a ghost."
"Ok, lost again."
John lowered his head. Sherlock was right, of course. That was the truth, short and bittersweet. Why hadn't he sent that one? It seemed so long ago he couldn't recall.
"Well, maybe we can have just a day or two to sit on it. With just us knowing. Plus, I want you to have a ring too."
"You promised Mary."
"Be my guest."
"John?"
"Come on, Sherlock...watching someone die is easy. You just look up and you watch them fall to the ground. Then you rush up and you get to see all the bits of brain and blood on the pavement."
He sat with it.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes wished him goodnight. He nodded at Sherlock and left to head to the privacy of his bedroom.
"Are you on any sort of pain medication or are you in a pain management program?"
Was it kinder to tell Sherlock what he had "discovered" about himself now or wait until he arrived on Day 90 to pick him up.
Hanah passed him the box of tissues, a sympathetic look on her face. He knew if he accepted the box he wouldn't be able to stop the tears, all bets would be off."
He laughed a bit louder but it was mostly out of relief that she wasn't looking at him anymore. What was that Sherlock had said? About he and Mycroft always handling her in tandem. Never alone.
His acquaintances at AA, the ones who were partnered up spoke highly of couples therapy and the feeling of breakthroughs and refreshed communication. It wasn't unfamiliar to him, he knew what they were getting out of it because he remembered the sensation. Hanah had even encouraged him to invite Sherlock in some time, the most recent time being after they returned following the Father's Day weekend.
"I do, I do but...what if I don't want to wait. I mean, this is a unique situation. Don't get me wrong if he wanted to wait for himself I would, of course, be happy to but it doesn't seem very fair to put things on hold like this. I mean, this isn't a new relationship...not exactly. ...And I can tell by the way you're looking at me that the rules still apply to us, don't they."
"Whenever you're ready."
"I thought you wanted to tell her we were sharing a bedroom. I thought you wanted to tell them both we were together." He whispered. He tried hard to keep the harshness out of his voice. He knew this was difficult for his partner, it was written all over his face. But he'd thought that was one of the primary reasons Sherlock had invited him along. To ease things, to share things, to be in this together.
"What do you want from me, Sherlock!" They'd been having this conversation which had quickly bridged into an argument while planted in their chairs, staring the other down. But now John stood quickly to his feet, fists balled at his sides.
Hanah looked taken aback.
Hi Sherlock,
"John...say...say those things."
"It's ok, this is an odd situation. We're all doing the best we can."
"Ok...what?"
But Sherlock was already nearly asleep again and simply replied with a soft "Hmm?"
Still, John lost himself enough in these thoughts that the next thing he knew he was in the bread aisle of the nearest grocery, pushing a trolley, while Mrs. Holmes went over her list.
"It's dark, you can't even see me."
Futilely he spared a thought for how much he wished he had his cock in hand, hard, ready, eager, dying to be buried inside his boyfriend. But this wasn't a time or place to feel pity. He had and was enjoying himself and it was more than time to return the favor.
not me!" So far, page after page after page had yielded nothing of the sort.
"John-" Hanah began but he ignored her.
"Mrs. Hudson, I think I can say with complete certainty that he is not back on drugs. I keep a close eye on these things and none of the tell tale behavior is there."
"You'll stay here?" Molly asked clearly wanting to join them. "You won't go anywhere?"
Mary, that's her name, went with me to your grave today. I've never taken anyone there before. She knows how important you are to me. Were to me. *Are* to me.
"What do you mean?"
"What happens in 2046?" John asked.
"Trust me, I'll feel you." He said putting the bottle back in its place. "I just don't want to hurt you. But this is good. I'm ready now."
"Because you called for me." She said simply. "Whether you know it or not. When you call for me I come."
"Perhaps not." He conceded.
"You paid a high price." Sherlock replied.
"A panic attack. A goddamn panic attack. Right here. of course. Of course right fucking here and right fucking now." He muttered as he sank to the ground next to the toilet.
"I don't understand."
In the end, he decided to head down to the commissary to grab something to eat.
"Mine." Sherlock said.
Not...regretting this, I hope." He replied and John could tell he was trying to make his voice sound steady.
"Do you have any partners at the moment?"
"We'd need lube-"
Sherlock sipped his tea and spoke. "Why have you darkened our door today, Mycroft?"
"John, " Hanah began. "Why does this upset you?"
That was life.
John found himself nodding before his partner was even finished with the question.
"I do so love you, Sherlock."
Sherlock kept a hand on John's arse, the other returned to his hair, mussing it possessively.
"I'm using one of the ones you boys bought me." She said with a smile.
How expensive?
"Little boxes?"
"I thought about you every day. I thought about the time when I could come back to you, come back home. But I didn't allow myself to think about how what you'd seen might affect you. I purposefully didn't allow that. To hear what...what you go through...what I did...I'm so...sorry. I am so, so sorry, John Watson. I am sorry."
"Of course he didn't do."
When the plant blew the nearby forests were poisoned like everything else. The soil, water, and atmosphere were blasted with radioactive degrees 20 times more deadly than what was caused by the A-Bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
And then he looked at the subject lines.
Normal was impersonating a police officer while not explicitly
"Yes."
"Great. I guess I'll hit a meeting tomorrow morning. Be sure to leave the list out, ok?"
"And I'll get them next day delivery. She shouldn't have to wait for them to arrive."
"I understand this was all probably hard to hear-"
"Yes," he laughed. "Yes, I will eat. You know, I thought about not telling you until you came and got me. I thought about not telling you at all."
He recalled a time when he'd spent the day at the beach with Mary. A long, warm day, in and out of the water, running through the waves, rolling in the sand. She'd smelled of salt water and sweat. By the end of the day any trace of that sunscreen scent had been stripped away and she just smelled like
I was hesitating.
John scanned a bit lower but unable to find the tweet that had caused the uproar eventually went to Sherlock's timeline.
He reeled and staggered back, holding his face. A misstep over a pile of books sent him tumbling to the floor.
"You aren't. You won't be." He said before clearing his throat. "So, just the two of us for Christmas. Perhaps we'll have a nice exciting case requiring us to dash from brightly lighted rooftop to brightly lighted rooftop, dodging plastic Santa's as we go."
"Mmmhmm. Just give me a few minutes to deploy."
voice may have been gone but the other one was still there.
"Better doesn't come close to describing it."
"How can you possibly say that?"
See you soon...ish.
"You hate it, don't you?"
"The word trajectory doesn't fill me with confidence."
"See you there." A parting kiss and he left the bathroom as Sherlock entered the shower. Slipping on his shoes he hurried out of his room.
Hanah shutter blinked when she saw him as she took in the rather drastic haircut. He didn't mind, he'd been getting that response all day. It still didn't make him regret the decision.
There was Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Mike, Janine, and Molly. That was all, mercifully because John honestly wasn't sure he could handle more. Whether she should have been or not he was relieved his sister hadn't shown.
It was just as John thought. Sherlock was pursuing this with typical Sherlock gusto all the while his worst critic was chattering in his ear telling him he was doing it wrong; too awkwardly, too slowly and just in general, badly. That worst critic was also, of course, Sherlock.
"On a regular basis?"
There was also the pile of books Hanah had given him when he'd left rehab. A pile he hadn't touched though he didn't know why. He hadn't told her that and she hadn't asked. But there wasn't even a part of him that doubted she knew.
That was the start of the case of the jumper who didn't jump which took them from London to Leeds and finally to Snowdonia National Park in Wales. All of this culminating in a dramatic confrontation at Dolbadarn Castle that John would likely write about some day.
John leaned forward to kiss him before murmuring against his lips. "It's going to feel so good to be inside you. So deep inside your tight arse."
John frowned.
. He was excited that after today two more people were going to know. He was excited that Sherlock placed him,
"No, John, no...so good...but...inside you...please."
If there was such a thing as souls, he sent up a nearly forgotten prayer from childhood to honour that of his friend.
"Because your wedding vows are going to have to top that. And that won't be easy."
I think I swore, a wonderful torrent of appreciative and encouraging words spilling from my mouth. And then he did it again and I whimpered.
Once inside he closed the door behind him but not before they'd all made one last play to get a rise out of him.
"I'll eat at home." He breathed as he parted Sherlock coat before sliding his fingers over the smooth material of his shirt and up across his chest.
He wasn't finished yet. He might never be completely finished, but the picture had more than taken shape. He was on his way.
"Still, he is particular with regard to whom he listens. I've witnessed your intuition and persuasive reasoning firsthand. You've helped us both a great deal."
"It's John, by the way. In case you don't have my number anymore."
"I thought you'd gone." he said quietly after ten or so minutes.
"Thank you." He replied as he got back to his knees. "You still comfortable?"
"Not the point. Why shouldn't you tell me?"
It was a good night, a quiet night, a night he couldn't have imagined 5 years ago. And now, a night he couldn't not imagine having over and over again.
I will not be pulled in.
"Really. I've waited, you've waited. No more waiting. I want to." John rolled off his partner and onto his back with a grin. "Remember when you visited me in rehab? The morning after we'd had our first real kiss. I was bent over brushing my teeth, you were behind me and you sort of canted your hips toward my arse. It was just a single little bump but I was so...thrilled. I knew what you wanted. I knew what I wanted you to do. So, please, do it now."
room,
"That's right, bumble bee or Bumbly, if you like." Sherlock agreed. Both men beamed as she hugged it close.
John gave him a friendly nod, turned and walked out of the building.
They shared a laugh which echoed out into the night.
"Then again what?"
"Right! Well, fuck me, they're keeping us here with a fucking movie myth." James took another drag. "But you're wrong. Spock's not there. He's back on the ship with that bird from
"Meaning?"
"No, he's not dangerous," Greg said his eyes boring holes into him before adding under his breath. "He's just high."
Sherlock wasn't one for endearments and it always surprised John when his boyfriend used such affectionate, intimate language. He also couldn't get enough of it.
"No, not that I heard." Sherlock said as he disappeared into the bathroom again. "Was it a sex dream?" He asked bluntly.
"You're not." John said softly as he switched off the lamp, glad the darkness could now hide his smile. "Please, stay as long as you like."
"I missed my calling." Sherlock said with a smile.
"No, Greg, of course not."
"Ok," She said leaning forward. "Time for a little self-analysis. Do you think it would be going too far to say that you've dealt with depression for a lot longer than you've been willing to acknowledge."
Even if he hadn't been blasted out of his mind John suspected the abrupt change in subject would have thrown him for a loop.
"Ok. Can we dispense with the sheet for now? I'd like to see you."
"Hey, Johnny, you busy?"
"I'm prepared, I think, as much as I can be."
"Dead. Ghost. Unsettled spirt. Kinda comes with the job."
"Openly, unapologetically loving a man is still, even in 2016, a bold and radical statement. And making inroads into a community of which you are now a part might be a good way to help you prepare."
But he already felt too far gone to abide by her directions now. Honestly, he wasn't even willing to try.
“I understand needing a break, John. This is an artificial environment in many ways. Not the least of which includes daily therapy sessions. That likely wouldn’t occur in the outside world. Now, I know it’s a harsh schedule and I completely understand that you might have to take a day or two off. I require two things; the first being, you tell me you’re not going show. You can knock on my door, you can slip a note under it or onto my desk. That’s all acceptable. OK?”
"Alright, lunch is served." Harry said setting down a plate in front of each of them along with a mug of tea.
"Want me to let you rest?"
"No." He said forcefully. "I was going to write you a note after we hung up. A note explaining everything and apologizing for everything and begging you to go on and have a good life. One full of passion and happiness."
"In a way, yeah I do. I trust her with Rosie, certainly."
"I'm here to offer you an opportunity, Doctor Watson and as it turns out a very hard wrangled opportunity at that. You have waiting for you now a private room at the best and most exclusive treatment facility in the Western Hemisphere. I attempted to get Sherlock to go to The Location several times in the past but to no avail. So, you'll have to tell him all about it."
"How did you feel seeing Sherlock, John?"
"When he first came to me, all those years ago it was out of concern for you. In fact, when we're alone he had rarely failed to ask me to look after you."
"John, I likely would have discovered it myself. He just made it more convenient. He wanted to try and it and he was too frightened to do it alone. And he didn't trust his other mates not to just hoist him into a skip if things went wrong. So he came up to my room, we frotted and came and then he took out the stuff, a spoon, a lighter and a needle. Since I was a child I'd been injecting myself with compounds, testing out different theories here and there. So a needle didn't scare me, but it terrified him. Sebastian had me go first
But John quickly followed the morose notion up with, bugger that. Fuck his whinging.
sleep, I can't function with this just sitting on my chest. Can't we please go on?" He begged. Hanah looked doubtful but he continued. "If you send me away I'm just going to be sitting in my room staring at the walls. Please, Hanah, please?"
"I'm sorry for-" He began but Sherlock cut him off.
"Yes, Sherlock." He answered apologetically.
"Text me." John said.
The woman in front of him was finally done and he stepped to the front of the queue.
John kissed the shell of his ear.
"I don't think you're a prude. I think you're private, like me. But I also don't think you've been in a relationship before and it's always a good idea to lay down boundaries and ground rules."
"It's morning wood."
"How did you feel about your wife shooting your best friend?"
"I didn't think you'd come," John admitted so softly he wasn't sure he'd even be heard.
"Wait, what is this about again?"
There were times during the story where Sherlock would grip John's hand. He always had a loose hold on it but sometimes it would become vice-like just as the story turned exceptionally dark turn. The worst of it was Serbia. Serbia was where he'd gotten those scars. Serbia was where a man has lashed into him over and over and over again for days and days as he bled and sweated and drew upon near superhuman strength not to cry out. Serbia was where his back was flayed open, salt and dirt and muck and blood covering the damaged skin. Serbia was where he had been pummeled in the side day after day until his skin was bruised purple and he was pissing blood. Serbia was the last stop. Serbia was where he finally got out.
"There was no plan. I left for precisely the reason I told you." He said his voice low and measured.
"Oh no, I agree, I'm not apologizing for that. As though it were an accusation. I'm apologizing for not believing you or hearing you when you said it."
He was cut off suddenly as Sherlock positioned himself in front of him, raised his chin and kissed him.
This place isn't like The Location. Not nearly as posh and that is more than ok. I have a roommate. There aren't delicious hot breakfasts every morning, or horseback riding lessons or a pool and exercise room. There are a few out of date treadmills with bent belts that trip you up when you try to jog. There are no personal therapists but the bloke I have...the bloke everyone has is pretty good and straightforward. Group, however, is just the same because group is the same everywhere. There's a uniformity to it, like Catholic Mass. No matter where you go the order of the service is the same. I like that and plus they say we need routine. And even if we don't like routine well we need to learn to like it.
"John I...what about your friends?"
Not that John blamed him for the transformation.
"I've heard you say that before. You pack your heart away after loss."
They skipped breakfast and John let his morning exercise slide as he was far more partial to the workout he was currently receiving.
He was thrusting harder, deeper but not faster, somehow knowing that was exactly what I wanted and needed. Maybe he needed it too. I was hard beneath him and he was hard inside me and I was looking into his eyes and he was calling my name this was such perfection I couldn't understand, in this moment, why either of had ever denied ourselves.
But he wasn't feeling much comfort and was honestly glad when it was over. After the sharing, which he politely declined to participate in and after dropping a few pounds in the passed around basket, after the "Keep coming back. It works!" chant and after they were dismissed he hurried back up the stairs and into the nearest taxi. He didn't want to talk to anybody, to hang around, to find out for sure if their questions would be innocent, friendly or probing.
But it was warm. He was warm.
"Yeah, it kinda is." John replied with a breathy laugh.
"What if they don't like me? None of the people in the other groups have. Fuck, I sound like a kid in primary school."
"I know." John replied. "My point is you shouldn't have to."
"Faster or slower, Sherlock?" John asked him already setting a pace.
John swallowed.
John's first impulse was to get angry, snap something short in reply, perhaps something about Mycroft. But when he glanced across at Sherlock's face he saw no judgment. He didn't like that his temper was still so close to the surface, still so in need of being reined in. But he was working on it.
"In some ways, you will be. You will have 90 days of sobriety and that is no small feat, but you are starting at a brand new square one, John. You should start sitting with the reality of that now as we transition you towards the last leg of the program.
Sherlock gave a muffled groan from behind tightly pressed lips and John snapped himself out of being just plain mesmerized to kiss him.
"Yeah, whatever." The kid who John supposed was likely called Caden or Camden or Cennedy replied before adding. "Wait! I know you!"
"Yes, well...my mother has a dizzying intellect. Her one and only book "The Dynamics of Combustion" which she wrote in her 20's was derided as absolute nonsense when it was released. Since then it has become one of the foremost sources for mathematical physics and theoretical mathematics. There is not a week that goes by where she is not contacted by some asking if she would be interested in being a visiting professor, a speaker, writing another book, proofreading a thesis, assisting on a project. "
A large man entered the room, looking nearly indistinguishable from the large man at The Location and began to open his bag.
He heard the sound of someone pick up the line almost instantly.
"Well, I'm sorry if my fashion sense and grooming skills aren't up to par for you." He said rising to his feet. He was trying to keep his anger in check. Heading to the fridge he opened it and leaned in. "Want something to drink?"
"Yes, I know. I've already placed them in the car."
"You know...I mean, it would be so much more convenient for you to move your clothes and such into our bedroom. You have to dash up the stairs every day for clothes and underwear and socks."
"You prefer a more holistic approach?"
In the end, he just didn't want to be a bother.
He had been struggling underneath me but when he finished that last run on sentence he'd stopped.
"You brought it in with you? You knew I'd want this one."
"Maybe this is wrong, Sherlock. You're high as a kite, you can't even give consent."
"Don't hide things from me, anymore, alright? Just tell me. I may look delicate but I can take it."
Nell coughed a little and sniffled before continuing.
"Going to report me?" He said trying for a light reply and missing.
"And this?"
John reached for his laptop and fired it up. It hadn't been turned on in months and immediately reminded him there were an obscene amount of security updates due. He authorized them all and used the time to surreptitiously eye his boyfriend. His hair which had been wet when he'd left the shower had now dried itself into perfect curls. He was drumming his fingers in rhythm on the arm of his chair. There was the small crease of his forehead as he read the information on his screen. His long legs were crossed, one over the other, his body stretched long and lean.
There was a lapse into silence for both of them, soft and relaxing.
I wasn't just being kissed anymore. I was kissing him as well. I wasn't fighting it. Not in the least. He tasted like my toothpaste and the rough scrape of his stubble against my cheek felt incredible.
"What? Since when have you given up on- You never mentioned that to me."
"You needed to get out you just didn't know it."
John was a quick study and while the only cock he'd ever mastered, ever thought he'd need to master was his own, he was eager and willing to please Sherlock.
"No. That's impractical in the long run. We shouldn't have to hole ourselves away to have sex. We can be vocal but respectful, I suppose. It's a subtle balancing act that will take time but I believe we can manage it."
"You sonofabitch."
The look on Sherlock's face and the sound that rose from deep in his throat when he was fully inside him was sinful. Parted lips, a frown of concentration, eyes closed until a second later when with a sharp intake of breath, they burst open, bright and green and gray and blue and locked to his. And then he smiled, a relaxed, a peaceful sort of smile usually only reserved for their most silent moments, intimate moments like this, a surprising amount of which had nothing to do with sex. Just, peace and happiness that they alone shared.
"Ok, backtracking a little here. Sherlock, same question I posed to John, what do you want from a sexual relationship?"
"You can hit me all you like, John. You're still a coward."
"Sherlock...I was wondering...my leg, it's playing up again." He began and he wasn't lying. It felt bloody terrible. "Do you think-"
"John if we give in now she'll know we're pushovers. We must stand strong." Sherlock said suppressing a laugh of his own. It seemed it was infectious.
"Of-of course. I promise."
Finally, it was Greg who got things going again.
Mycroft is seven years my senior, if he ever went through puberty I never saw it. I imagine he just emerged, fully formed and be-suited from some sort of cocoon. He didn't speak on it freely and I didn't feel comfortable approaching my father. All I knew was that my body was suddenly betraying me. I couldn't concentrate. I was constantly distracted by stray thoughts...urges...as you would call them. I lost focus in school. I felt unsettled, ungainly. I hated every moment of it. And in an effort to control it...I started to detach."
"I don't think you should apologize," Sherlock said, his baritone having a bit more of a waver to it than normal. "Those are your feelings and you're entitled to them."
"You do love it, don't you?"
"I'll stipulate to that but not the others. Not to mention after a few times it was reciprocated."
"I'm no one's housewife." He said stiffening. "I have always taken care of myself and I don't intend to stop now. Not to mention your detective work has never quite been enough to support the both of us."
John chuckled.
"Obviously." Sherlock agreed. "She doesn't need scratch-offs."
"The heart wants what it wants, or in this case, the stomach."
"Please what? Please suck you?"
Against his better instincts, he did just that.
"I'm here. I'm always here."
John had been wrong and each discovery of just how wrong he'd been made him happier and happier.
They hadn't done it so he imagined it now. Kissing those lips, nipping, sucking and biting down his neck. Marking him, finally marking him. Putting his mouth on his chest, more nips, more bites, kissing down his abdomen and finally arriving at his cock. Hard, straight, pre-cum beading on the head. All he knew about blowjobs were some of the stellar ones he'd received. He knew what he liked and what he wanted and he was determined to give that to Sherlock.
He was stuck yet again. He couldn't say no, and the truth was he'd put himself in this position, wedged in tight by being petulant and petty. The more he thought about it the more nervous he became...and itchy. He'd looked it up a while back and that was one of the weird side effects of Vicodin, it made you itch.
nightstand.
"What?" Sherlock said. And due to their proximity John could feel him frown.
"Alright, love. I'll take what I can get...for now."
"Shall I put the lube on there as well? So, Mrs. Hudson will see?" He teased, his lips close to John's ear, the warmth of his breath making him shiver happily.
A young woman, far too young for him were he even into to such a fling anymore smiled at him. She was sitting on the bench across the way. He smiled back politely and she took it as an invitation to come over. She seated herself next to him, closer than necessary and smiled again.
"Addiction at its heart is betrayal; betrayal of self and betrayal of loved ones. It may be difficult for them to trust you again. You should be prepared for that. You should be prepared for flare up's, angry conversations that may seem to materialize out of nowhere. But they're not out of nowhere, are they? You know that. We all know that.
"All right, I should get going, I suppose."
"If you say so." He replied with a shake of his head as he took a swig. He was doubtful. But then again it was a doubtful sort of day. It was the kind of day where all he felt he could do was disbelieve. The limbo he had been enjoying earlier in the week had faded almost tonight and he was on wretched ground again. Sherlock's silence was deafening. He would have gotten the letter by now. He certainly would have gotten the text. This was the message. This was it and it was "No. Not interested. Please continue on with your life, Doctor Watson and I shall endeavor to do the same." What else could it be? The reality of this had thrust him back into a rather deep depression that made him crave the simple truth of the bottle and the comfort of his bed. Dragging himself up and out today had been a chore. And then this, piled on top of it. Being catapulted back into some of the most terrifying and jarring memories of his life was the antithesis of what he wanted or needed. But his wants didn't matter much in here and while he wanted to rage at her, at this at himself, he didn't have the energy. His heart rate was returning to normal, almost there, the outbreak of sweat had slowed and stopped but his clothes still felt sticky. It had been a week of this and he was exhausted. A week of reliving battles and ambushes, terror, lost limbs, the stink of hospital bleach used to cover up blood and seared flesh and the faces of so many dead friends.
I must now ask for privacy for myself, my friends and my family during this difficult time.
“Because I told you to.” He said calmly. His own erection betrayed his excitement but his voice was still obeying him.
He still worried about being quite so open and honest with Sherlock. It wasn't their nature. It wasn't how they operated. Or rather it hadn't been. In the past, he approached Sherlock with less armor than anyone else but still there was always a barrier between his best friend and his heart. But he was now laid so bare, so frighteningly open and he wasn't sure how to regather the pieces of his shattered battle gear together again. It was terrifying.
"What shouldn't you do?"
With that, he stood up and left the house locking the door behind him and headed home to Baker Street and warmth and light.
As she spoke he did vaguely remember some mention of points. But for the entirety of his time here it had slipped his mind.
"And I appreciate that. Thanks so much, Janine."
"It took awhile."
Bleach, sharp and acrid assaulted his nose, making it burn and bringing tears to his eyes.
"I can't see him. Not yet. It's different when it was a case...the pursuit and danger of it all but-"
John noted it didn't seem that his partner believed him. But neither of them said anything about it.
He supposed he should feel he was at rock bottom. But he didn't. He supposed he should feel that now was the time to get help. But he didn't. He supposed he should regret what he had tried to do, wanted to do, but again, he didn't. He only regretted what it had done to Sherlock.
"Now take it out for me. Let me see it."
In an effort to test what it would feel like I did a test clench around him and he moaned immediately in response. He shifted inside of me, hitting my prostate in just the perfect way and I moaned myself.
To be honest, I found this to be a bit of a double problem, AA, I mean. Not only do I spend every day of my life, including today, wishing I had a drink in my hand or both hands."
"How do you feel about it?"
John unloaded the groceries onto the belt.
"You're welcome, John." He paused. "Should I order a bigger bed?"
John didn't know why. He didn't know what had prompted this sudden change in Sherlock. Sherlock who was always looking for the next case, the next thing to grab his fancy, the next mystery and mind twister. He wanted to ask but was just slightly afraid that too much questioning might make him change his mind. And John didn't want that. He didn't believe he could ever see himself leaving Baker Street...but he was wrong and this felt right.
"No, I know. That's not what I meant when I said you shouldn't have to, I meant it's not enough. I want to change it. Grow it."
I made a friend here, his name is James. He left a few days ago, got his 90 in as well. The night before he left James and I sat on the steps here and we looked up at the stars. It had actually become our dinner time habit and I highly recommend it. When we were out there I always felt just this small bit of peace and comfort looking up at that clear sky and all those incredible stars. I felt sane again, just for awhile. I want to recapture that feeling, even if just for a bit every day. I am committed to doing whatever it takes to make that happen. I am committed to turning my life over to the truth that I need that feeling to be ok. And if that's what I have to surrender to then I'm ok with it.
"Mmm, thank you, sweetheart. Now let me give you a proper goodbye." He slipped his free arm around Sherlock's waist pulling him in for a kiss. Sherlock placed his hand on his cheek as their lips connected, the fingers splayed in a gesture John had come to adore and what's more, count on.
Come back and I'll tell you. I promise. If you just come back I'll be brave and I'll tell you.
The kiss was short but so fulfilling and when they broke apart John noticed the colour the exercise had added to Sherlock's face. He was relieved to find that reaction was the same as when they'd parted.
"No."
"No...no it was an alcohol consumption induced seizure." He said finally feeling the shame of those words wash over him.
"I...yes, I have." He glanced away furtively.
"Let me." He said batting his lover's hand away to resume his actions. John's erection bobbed at the new, firm contact and truly Sherlock's hand, in this moment, felt better than his own. The detective's gaze was attentive and locked to John's. In just a few moments he had gone from being in charge to being at Sherlock's mercy. He corkscrewed his grip, which was slick with pre-come, up and down his shaft.
"I just haven't..." He trailed off knowing no real answer was forthcoming.
"What did you mean about Sherlock?" He pressed trying to clear his muddied thoughts to remember what it was exactly she'd said. Whatever it was, it unnerved him.
"Why do you say that?" He asked quickly. He was still, after all this time protective of his dead wife and the secrets she wanted to keep.
"Be my guest."
"Alright then. I like what I'm hearing. So, because we're meeting less often and because I can't take stock of you in person, I'd like to end things with you talking a bit. First tell me your successes, then your struggles, then your goals. Go."
"Now, close your DM's." Sherlock instructed.
"If you'll-"
"If you want to sever our romantic relationship I do wish you would say so. I don't want to be the cause of any more of your unhappiness."
"It's ok. It's all ok, I promise. I forgive you. I forgive you, love." Sherlock nodded against his shoulder as John held him closer. "It's done, you hear me, hmm? It's over, all that, all of it is over. I forgive you and I don't blame you."
But, to his surprise and pleasure, he was rushed through the system, especially once his connection to Sherlock was discovered. Think of the publicity. Far too much attention, nothing any hospital actually wanted. He was before a magistrate and released on his own recognizance before his DT's got really bad. But they were bad enough. He stood there, waiting to collect his belonging from the desk agent, trying to hide the shaking and sweating and the painful surges in his body as it screamed for even a swallow of alcohol.
"Just a moment, John." Came a hurried sounding voice from inside.
Harry blinked, looked at the baby as if for answers then back at him.
“No, no go on inside. It's madness out here. I’ll be there in a second. Go inside." He said waving him away.
Just once, just to see if he was able, he took him in as far as he could while Sherlock was in the midst of orgasm but the effort made his eyes water as he toyed with the previously avoided gagging danger zone. Still, the reaction from Sherlock, the sustained and groaned "Ahh-ahhh!" made him decide it might not be a bad idea to work on the skill.
There was, of course, the house, still sitting, unsold. That was causing more than a little drain on what he had left in the bank. In fact, the only reason he did still have anything was because of Mary's life insurance policy.
perhaps it wouldn't have hurt quite so much on a different day. Perhaps a day where absolutely everything was turning to dust in his hands.
"John," He said quietly approaching him, covering the distance John hadn't even been aware he'd been keeping him at. "My John." he said. That was all. Just "My John." And the damned tears started to flow. The sofa was behind him and he sat down with a thud, slumping back as it took his weight. Sherlock sat next to him and pulling him into his arms and then his partner, his lover, his love was holding his weight and not the couch. Sherlock lay back, length wise, on the sofa and John went with him, his head against his chest, Sherlock's hand in his hair. He fell asleep to the beat of his heart.
A second later the dessert appeared in front of him.
"Did you think it would be difficult to divide your attention?"
"I'm trying it out as an experiment. Also, maybe it's because you're being an adorable baby."
"No it is, Kirk and Spock and McCoy get sent to Rura Penthe, the penal colony...God help me I remember the name. I took my sister to see that movie a thousand years ago. I think it's VI? Yeah. Star Trek VI."
"Let me say plainly that I love you. Not so long ago, I thought there could be no greater honour than being your best mate. But that has easily been surpassed by being your partner. That is the position where I should like to remain. Now, have you completed your arguments?"
"I gave her away."
John fell asleep to the comforting feeling of his friend's heart beating evenly beneath the palm of his hand.
"May I perform oral sex on you?"
John looked at him askance something in his tone garnering his attention.
"W-what do you mean, so?"
I'd feel terrible about lording this over her no matter what but especially after what I've done.
Worldlessly Sherlock did just that.
"Beg pardon?"
"Tonight?"
"You deserve to feel comfortable and given my past, you might have been wise to worry. I hope that now you won't." He replied matter-of-factly.
Sherlock returned some 10 minutes later telling them quietly that Rosie was now sleeping quite soundly on the bed, buffeted by many blankets and pillows.
John watched her settle back against his sister as his husband launched into
"It's very
John knew he'd tried to broach the subject with Mycroft on more than one occasion to varying degrees of success. One thing that was clear was that Sherlock's rebellion and withdrawal frightened his elder brother. John had once heard him chastise him that "I told you, you're never to go there without me. Never alone."
Um...Sherlock, I've seen those three little dots that indicate you're typing something to me for awhile now. Care to press send?
"I will." Sherlock said with a smile before shutting the door.
John's breath caught in his throat to hear that. To hear his daughter express that word and to see her being held in the arms of the man he loved.
Tooley Street. Why?
"Not as much as I hate the beard." He replied. "I
"Yes, five. Me, Father, Mycroft and Sherlock visiting Eurus. She doesn't speak, of course. Doesn't say a word. But I think it's important that we see her."
"Yeah, you did. I can tell. Look, it's not that I doubt that you couldn't do exactly what you just said. It's that I know you won't. It would have been much more efficient to kill me in the hospital, or kill me in the months that lead up to my...breakdown. I'm sure you could have pulled a few strings to make my section permanent. Involuntary commitment. But you didn't. You had chance after chance and you didn't. I won't pretend that it's out of some deep admiration for me. It's because you love your brother and you can't bear to hurt him anymore than you already have. And on top of that you can't bear to lose him which you would."
"I'm sorry for how I behaved...I was-"
“But what about you?”
"Strange how?"
"How have you been sleeping lately? I feel as though the last few days you've seemed better rested."
"What about Sherlock, then?"
"Yes, please." He said releasing his grip.
"I know you are." He said matching John's volume and tone. He knew what the apology was for. It didn't need to be said. Still, the images flashed through John's mind. The punches landing. Then Sherlock landing on the ground. Then kicking. Fuck. Kicking him again and again until he was pulled away. The worst bit not that he saw fear in his best friend's eyes; but acceptance. Acquiescence. Agreement.
After he'd left Nora's office he'd been escorted to his room which he was too tired to even give a once over. As he was getting undressed someone knocked on the door and with irritation he invited them in.
"Yeah, that was kitchen honey. This is bedroom honey."
John raised his head and watch as the assembled slowly ambled to their seats. He dutifully shut down his phone, shoving it in his pocket.
"You think you can silence me with a blowjob, you think you can put all these questions on hold but you can't, John. No matter how hard and far you run they are still there and they want answering!"
"Sometimes. Not all the time but I didn't tell him about my past in the beginning."
"Ok, John, goal-wise, what do you want from a sexual relationship with Sherlock."
I couldn't do it in the flat that he and I shared. I couldn't do it in that ghastly messy kitchen or next to that fireplace mantle full of mad clutter. I couldn't do it in my chair staring at his chair...talking to his ghost.
"The massages?"
"So, I've been thinking about what we've been doing."
"I told him that I missed him, terribly. I told him he left too soon, we had so much more to experience together. So many more adventures. I told him there were so many things I wanted to say to him that I couldn't now."
He was expecting grim faces and guarded looks, that was 80% of what he'd experienced so far but as people filed in he was greeted with smiles and welcoming nods.
"LIkes?" Sherlock asked around a mouthful of scone.
He just wasn't.
"Precisely. So, stuff happened and I ended up gone for about seven days. Mycroft couldn't find me though he had all his feelers on the lookout. The problem with Mycroft, which was a great benefit to me then, was that he hates, as he puts it, the legwork. He would never bother to get contacts like my homeless network. I'm not bragging just stating a fact. It wouldn't occur to him and if it did, he wouldn't begin to know how. Had he been able to manage that, he would have found me in hours. But as it was, he stumbled into what was once a house in South London, where I and about eleven other people were getting high and coming down. Peeling walls, leaking loo, unidentifiable stains on the ceiling, splashes of blood from over-exuberant vein jabs on the wall. Feces, urine, fetid mattresses and a collection of sad, lonely people. And me among them, well, me one of them. I was overdosing, the problem was he didn't know on what. By that time my dalliances had extended beyond heroin. I'm told I had dried blood on my nose and mouth, a needle in my arm and foil papers at my side that indicated I may have recently been smoking methamphetamines. What to do? Perhaps if he'd had some distance from the subject he might have been able to logic it out, narrow it down. But what he revealed to me later was that he made a guess. Luckily for me, he guessed correctly. I was overdosing on heroin and he had taken to carrying naloxone with him. He saved my life. I was of course petulant and quite put out by the entire affair. On the surface at least. I felt bad enough to promise him that I would always leave a note."
This was the lie you spoke aloud as fast and as strongly as you could because you hoped it would become honest. You hoped you could breathe life into it like a golem and it would take the shape of truth if not become truth itself.
"Can you take her, please." He said to his sister, holding his daughter up and not giving her much of a chance to refuse.
Sherlock noticed immediately it seemed and his eyes quickly swept his body. "Look at you, muscles tight, fists clenched, jaw set. Do you want to hit something? Do you want to hit
John grinned at his words, he always liked when Sherlock was flirtatious.
Mike eventually pulled back, rubbing at his eyes.
"Let me finish, please. I couldn't say these things because it would be unfair to you and Mary. I couldn't say these things because we had never come close to broaching the subject of us. I couldn't say these things because whether or not the former statements were true, I was still a coward. I don't want to be a coward anymore and I also know how breathtakingly short life can be. In light of this..."
Without much ceremony or thought John unscrewed the top and dipped in his finger. The viscous substances pulled out long and amber as he raised his hand. It was more, for lack of a better word, butter than he expected, less drizzly than ordinary honey, a little more like melted caramel. It was room temp warm and immediately perfumed the air around them. He popped the finger in his mouth and closed his eyes at the flavor. Honestly, he was surprised. He'd had honey before, of course, but it always came out of a container in the shape of a bear or a little plastic packet. But this...this was something different. This was richer, thicker, it coated his tongue with a sweetness and a slightly acidic burn. He'd splurged on this. It was sort of foolish but he did have three months of pensions checks banked away and what was one small trifle? Still, he'd debated with himself a little about whether it was worth it. Until now. Now he could admit it, there
He redoubled his efforts and Sherlock's hips raised off the bed seeking more of his mouth. More contact, more pressure, more focus, more of everything, begging pleading with his body and that beautiful mouth with those cupid's bow lips, keening and crying out and whimpering and begging and begging and begging until he came in John's mouth, thick and hot.
"I thought the rest of you was just transport. Since when does the transport have a preference for where we eat?" John asked.
She had him there.
The answer came to his lips easier than he thought.
John knocked on her office door and from inside she said: "Come in."
"I can't say I'm overjoyed to be here." He looked around. "Are we in Switzerland? Somewhere near Zurich, maybe?"
The company one keeps is the company that keeps them.
"You too."
"Fantastic. You celebrated 4 months clean not too long ago. We had a session that day and I waited for you to mention it but you didn't."
"Well, we're out now, aren't we?" Sherlock said with a delightfully pleased smirk.
That said, a text that begins with "I Sherlock" is likely to grab my attention.
Putting their bags just out of the way they four seated themselves at the pleasantly cluttered kitchen table. Mrs. Holmes immediately launched into a story, gossip it seemed, about many of the things Sherlock had missed since his last visit.
The kiss was sudden and likely a little more forceful than Sherlock intended as it rattled the soreness of John's mouth but he didn't mind. Sherlock was happy and he never minded that.
There it was. He'd sent it off for better or worse...and of course instantly regretted it.
"I did indeed."
"John-"
"You're looking well." Mycroft said and John couldn't tell if he was pleased, disappointed or neutral.
Days of this, weeks of this and no matter what I get the overwhelming feeling you want us to stay together. You want us to mend this. She shot you. She very nearly killed you. Surgery or not, you almost died. How do I resolve the fact that she lied to me and that I still love her? How do I resolve the fact that I almost lost you again and I still love her? It doesn't make sense.
"Restaurant?"
"We missed you, Rosie. Dada and I missed you."
"I don't know what you want, Sherlock!"
He bought the paper and pen and another bottle of whiskey to keep what was already inside him company and he set out.
This was greeted by understanding laughter from the room and John too.
When John entered the room he found Sherlock lying on his left side, shirtless and still. He walked over and seated himself on the edge of the bed.
Mycroft said to me once...when I first met him, that I miss it. You're not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson. You miss it. To some extent he was right. I missed the adrenaline, the surety of what I was doing in the moment because in the moment there were only two options; survive or don't. I like that. But I don't miss the carnage.
They were both staring straight ahead into the darkness. The only light from the artificial flashlight on John's phone which was resting in his lap.
"On bad days I assumed he looked at it and scoffed. I figure maybe he's glad to have extricated himself from this mess. On really bad days I imagine he's lying somewhere dead after one last binge, one last speedball."
"Actually, I'm a bit confused, Patrick." He lied while flashing what passed these days for his charming smile. "Is something wrong?"
“Was this the first time you felt accepted?”
"Yes."
Another lunch with a Holmes. Another far flung location.
"Fantastic."
He placed the pillows under my bum, tilting my hips.
"No. We didn't have sex but we kissed. On the lips."
John had had no idea where to begin and he suspected that was the point. He liked to wind Sherlock up. To work him into a frenzy. To hear him beg. But this wasn't about that. This was about where John wanted to be and what he wanted to take just for himself.
"Do you believe that you're a danger to yourself or others, Dr. Watson?"
Once in their room he tugged off the towel and slipped under the cool, clean sheets to await his partner. Sherlock appeared not long after and John took great pleasure in watching him disrobe. He left his t shirt on but John didn't mind though he had been making more of an effort into coaxing it off of him. He suspected it likely had to do with the bullet wound scar on his chest. He didn't want to be a distraction or an emotional burden at these intimate times. John needed to make it crystal clear to him that he could never, ever be a burden.
"You're going to read too much into this." He said shaking his head.
"Yes, two seizures, actually. One whilst we were on the phone. Another on the ambulance ride. Don't struggle. You're strapped down." Sherlock said quietly.
"I don't think that's true."
“Fuck...” He groaned but Sherlock wasn’t sure if it was a due to a well-placed spank, the fact that he could see Sherlock masturbating to the sight at his side or his need to touch himself.
"She was. I asked her something similar and she stated that while your issues were complex she hoped after you returned from rehab you might be able to put things to bed."
"Cause it's pretty," James replied simply and with a smile.
"What did I say?"
He had a new daughter to whom he was having difficulty feeling any attachment.
"Speaking of the rimming," He said grabbing his own toothbrush. "I’m going to have to try that on you as soon as possible.”
"You're going to add me to the site?"
"You look a little tired, John. And that's just what I can see through the camera. Are you eating properly?"
"I'm sure it will. But those are all linked to someone else, in this case, Sherlock. And that's good. Addiction is selfish and finding happiness in and with other people is vital. But, I also need you to find things that you can do, completely independently that bring you joy. We cannot pin all our happiness on others. It's just another thing we have to take responsibility for ourselves. You don't have to give me an answer now but I do need you to consider it. In that same vein, do you think you'll go back to practicing medicine?"
He kept moving his hands, relishing the feeling when Sherlock flexed or twitched or moaned beneath him. This was fantasy atop fantasy and he hoped like hell it was real and not just in his imagination this was even occurring.
He swallowed hard and let out a broken scoff.
He burst into frustrated, angry tears that as usual, he couldn't control.
"No, it wasn't. But it's what I'm asking now."
Sherlock's anger it seemed had cooled in that moment as well and he slowly got up, crossed the distance between them and sank to his knees between John's legs. They embraced each other in what seemed like the same moment.
"And who was that?" She asked.
"I need your help." He said simply.
"It's true.
"If I may?" Sherlock said from behind him and John stepped away to give him room.
"Not yet, still so much work to do. So many cases to solve. So much fun left." He grinned. "I'm glad you like it. It's in both our names and I've already added it to the will so it will be Rosie's when the time comes."
"You'll say, Hi, I'm John. I'm an alcoholic and I'm glad to be here today."
file. I imagine you may have walked in here thinking you’d need to sanitize certain stories for me, John. That isn’t necessary.” She smiled, leaning back in her chair. “I’m guessing this place must appear cartoonishly opulent to you?”
And then Sherlock pressed an area, one specific area with the pads of his thumb.
"No, actually, she's at mine."
"Let's try and fix that, eh? You and me, we'll give this another shot."
"Mmhmm, and neither should we."
Ok, so they were right about the last part but not the rest.
"Why are you holding a jar of honey? Are we having a treat?"
"No need, Greg." John laughed. "We were just...negotiating."
"Wait...before you do anything hasty-"
"Flu. Must have picked it up somewhere. Everyone at the shop was sniffling and coughing when I bought groceries. Also got a weird rash." he said heading off that question before it could be asked. "Last time I decide to be daring and change shaving creams."
"How much have you had?"
"Ok." He said in a small voice and hung up the phone before handing it back to the nurse.
"I'm sorry...I was delayed. Several very relevant texts came in. There's actually quite a bit to fill you in on. Would you rather we do it now or should I wait?"
John cleared his throat.
They'd actually done as they were asked and waited to discuss it with Hanah. John was thankful that their observations and notes and overall rating of the experience matched in that they were similarly positive and similarly high. Hanah had also been pleased and God, but did that feel good. He could sense he'd been letting her down lately. He knew that she knew something was going on. She wasn't waiting to ambush him with it, no, it was far worse than that. She was waiting for him to say it, to admit it like a man. But they both knew he wouldn't do that, so they were stuck. But he didn't feel stuck with when it was the three of them and that was indeed nice.
"In any case, he is, at the moment, both wounded and loyal. He asked me to secure your residence at The Location and it is in all sincerity that I suggest you take it."
"Umm...yes, but I wouldn't meet her for three and half nearly four years after I got back to London. No, the one who helped me initially was Sherlock."
"Glad to hear it." Sherlock replied putting his hand on the hem of Johns t-shirt and tugging it up exposing his belly.
They had a leisurely breakfast and when John wasn't just watching Sherlock dip his pancakes in little pools of honey, he was listening to Mrs. Hudson excitedly prattle on about her holiday in Ibiza. John had doubled the recipe and kept the pancakes coming until they both begged for mercy. He sent her back to her flat with a stack to place in the fridge.
. He groaned hoarsely as he stroked himself, unashamedly closing his eyes and taking the moment selfishly as his own.
Their nights had become a double-edged sword. On one hand, John looked forward to them more than any other part of his day. On the other, the pain in his leg only seemed to be growing worse. He'd been to another doctor, a specialist and he'd even gotten a prescription from Mike for muscle relaxers that he was wary to fill with Sherlock in the house. Not to mention, he hated taking pills.
“Yes, I took it. There is a man going about London, hacking people’s fingers off and sending them in the post. This might be a lead, of course, I took it.”
"I said I'm not comfortable filling this prescription sir, and I'm sorry, sir."
"What about you?"
"I had two seizures four days ago."
At the mention of her name the little girl looked from her Aunt to Sherlock.
Ah yes, He'd left the pill bottle on the nightstand. He tried not to stiffen in his arms but felt it was unlikely he succeeded. He didn't want to be questioned about this, about something so small and insignificant, not now.
Sherlock didn't say anything but then John had most certainly gotten the last word. He was probably fuming, jealousy and anger were likely colouring his features. John didn't care, he was wounded and hurt from what felt like an unprovoked attack. He could give as good as he got.
room.
He wasn't going to wait because right now he didn't care. Right now he just wanted space between himself and this house of lunacy and he lets his striding pace carry him away as fast as it could John was striding away as fast as his feet could carry him.
Knowing that bedtime was nearing they turned slightly timid, pecking at one another's lips, kissing softly like nervous teenagers. Sherlock had the beginnings of stubble along his jaw line and John traced it lovingly with his thumb.
"Actually, Mrs. Hudson, I might have to use your-"
"Alright, I'm going to email some guidelines in a moment, but simply put, this is an exercise about mindful touch. One person agrees to be the giver, the other the receiver. As the receiver, your only job is to focus on the sensations the active partner is giving you. You'll then switch places and roles. It's important to know at this stage you're avoiding touching genitals. Stage two is much the same except genitals are no longer off limits. Stage three is mutual touching. But the thing to remember is that orgasm is not the goal here and neither is intercourse. This isn't foreplay. The goal is to reacquaint yourself with your own body and your partners. The goal is the experience. This is to anchor yourselves to each other. Understand?"
"That's not really necessary, John."
"Congratulations."
"Fuck, you come like a teenager." He said admiringly. "I bloody love it but I just remembered, I think you got some in my hair, love."
John watched as the corners of Sherlock's mouth pulled upward ever so slightly in an almost smile.
"What about your life?"
He'd yet to hear the full story of how they met. If she'd come to him for help. Implored him. But they'd known each other for years now and she had only grown dearer to him, he knew that much. He knew enough. Sherlock loved Mrs. Martha Lousie Hudson, body and soul. He wanted her presence, needed her presence and this fact was so well known that she made her way to Moriarty's kill list. Mrs. Hudson who he trusted enough to know that she'd secured The Woman's phone from his second best dressing gown. Mrs. Hudson who, if she left Baker Street, England fall. But perhaps it wasn't England that Sherlock was worried about falling.
If you think well of me, think well of him. If you think well of him and couldn’t give a toss about me, so much the better.
At that moment he
He stepped inside but just barely.
"Good, because that foundation is what Family Weekend is based on. It's meant to occur when you've built enough trust in your therapist, the program and yourself. It's also meant for you to face head-on the effects of your addiction and behavior on the people you love most. It's going to be hard but I think you're ready for this and I think it's a good thing."
They sat in silence for a few long minutes. After all, what did one say to Mycroft Holmes once the intimidations, puzzles, and threats were out of the way?
"Is there anything else unusual about the dream, John."
"No," Sherlock said setting his luggage down and taking the rest from John's hands. "I encouraged her to take another little trip for her nerves you see. She left Tuesday last and won't be back until tomorrow morning."
"Are you my Mycroft? Should I leave you a note?"
. Unable to achieve much less maintain."
"What other substances?" John asked.
Ok, hope you enjoyed this. More is on the way!
"Is this about the hydrocodone?" He asked with a laugh.
He clicked on the interesting name for more information.
Things with Sherlock were slowly coming back together. The coldness had felt wrong but it was, in truth, the only emotion he could feel that wasn't debilitating. His fury at his best friend had been fueling him but even that was dying out. Exhausting itself and all he was left with was the morass of grief.
"Not to mention what?"
John retreated to the relative safety of his room. The common area was overcrowded, the hallways were thick with people, everything felt cramped and overwhelming. It wasn't until he was in his room with his dinner that he felt able to breathe. James had spotted him in the dining hall and motioned him over but he'd begged off as politely as he could with a brief wave. He couldn't do it now. The smile on his face was already tight and alien and he wanted nothing more than to drop it, curled up on his bed, music playing softly, nose in a book.
Without giving him much of a choice he stepped inside, closed and locked the door behind him.
"Oh my God."
"Oxycodone and Hydrocodone. But, as I said I didn't take them." He watched as she typed on her computer not looking up at him. "You're typing an awful lot just to say I never took them."
“Uh...no, not many. I always had acquaintances, mates, a group I hung around with even if it was just on the periphery. But I had responsibilities, I had to get home to my sister, eventually, I had a part-time job. Friendships, like any relationship, require commitment. I’ve never been very good at commitment.”
"I have no objection to that." His friend said after the smallest of pauses.
"No, sorry, not at all. Just a crossing of wires on my end. My mistake."
"God...Sherlock..."
"Yes. Yes, it was very hard to hear, John."
"Not really, no. It's all relative. I suppose compared to Mary, I was the open one. Doesn't make me think I'm "the woman" in the relationship if that's what you mean. Whatever that would even mean. I always thought that phrase was much more insulting to women than men, anyway. But in any case, I'm not your girlfriend, dear." He said ending the sentence with his best Mrs. Hudson impression.
He loved him.
John was never a shrinking violet. He enjoyed a morning shag just as much as a lunchtime quickie or an after-dinner romp. He was up for it. He was
"My John, my perfect John."
"No, not until next week." Sherlock said with a grin.
He'd once, a long time ago, mused that nothing ever happened to him. Then something did. Then everything did. And all this destruction was the result.
Hi Sherlock,
"Because as it stands, only you and I know. This is a real and genuine question. Do you wish you could take this discovery, this admission back."
We didn't kiss. I didn't have the nerve to go in for one and he didn't make the move.
"I know of no better way." Sherlock replied with a matching grin. "I hope you don't mind but I was reading your book. I glanced at the page you had stopped at."
cry, I swear I didn't mean to!"
He looked at her blankly.
He slowly removed his fingers from me and I dropped my hand to stroke my cock. I watched as Sherlock reached for the box of condoms and took one out. Sitting up I took it from his hand, opened it with my teeth and proceeded to roll it onto his hard cock. He groaned at my touch and I grinned up at him. Picking the lube up off the bed I drizzled it in my hand and started to coat his cock.
"Did you?"
It was at this point he noticed she was on her mobile.
John vaguely heard the sound of his roommate clearing his throat. Some people were uncomfortable with how "open" he'd been in group but as the days went on he cared less and less. Open, of course, only meant he hadn't shied away from mentioning that he was part of a couple where the other person happened to be a man.
"There's nothing wrong with wanting to be liked. That's one of the many things society has gotten wrong. There's only something wrong about twisting yourself into knots trying to be someone you're not. John, AA, like anything else can be extremely clique-y and closed off and hostile to outsiders. It's just the way it is. It's unfair, I know, but it is unfortunately unavoidable human nature. So, if that's what you think you were feeling when you went there you were more than likely right. Ok, how are you and Sherlock?"
He got up from the floor and I could see the wet spot on his sweatpants. It instantly made me feel like I could be ready for another go sooner rather than later.
"No. But I'm taking applications if you're interested, you sexy bastard."
"You are making a tremendous deal over nothing. It was never pills, not ever. Every pill I was ever prescribed went untouched. You know that. It was alcohol. That's it. That's my danger, so long as I stay away from that, like I have been doing, I'm fine."
And he crumpled in on himself and raised his hand to his face shielding his eyes.
"You like that?"
"What are you doing?"
John wondered what the implications would have been had he asked him to stay.
John had given Sherlock a last minute checkup before finalizing their plans. But after finding him in good shape, much better than when he arrived and after tiring of Sherlock's protests they began.
"One actor. Just one."
"Sherlock, I know that, I do. There will likely be more things to come up in the future but I can't just...I can't just dump them on the table like that. They're old and complicated and half-buried just the way I wanted them. But I'm trying to face them and not to run away or run to the bottle. That's pretty easy in here. Not sure what it'll be like out there though."
When Sherlock seemed to run out of steam he whispered in his ear.
In a moment he was above me and while I had opted to wear pants to bed he had gone with nothing at all. His hunger for me was thrilling. It didn't take long to realize that Sherlock was what I liked to call passionately remote. There were things he didn't feel worth his time or consideration. But those that did fall under that category as worthy, he pursued them with a vigor that would have exhausted me.
"I'm not." He had protested and he wished he'd been able to summon more strength to back up his words.
Once they disentangled from one another they went to their notebooks to catalogue the experience. John couldn't help but gush when they talked about it with Hanah a few days later. He wished they'd found it earlier. He wished they'd explored what they wanted for themselves and each other ages ago. He wished he hadn't made things so hard. He held Sherlock's hand throughout the discussion except when he was gesturing excitedly. It was a good day. A good day in a series of good days and though he knew his mood was going to crash, as it always did, he tried to push it back as long as he could.
"If this is about a celebrity then I'm already getting bored." He said with an eye-roll.
The Mary in his head was forgiving almost to a fault. He wondered how the real one would have been. Would she have brushed off the texting so easily? The pining for Sherlock? ...No...she knew about that. She had always known. His frustration at leading a "normal" life? After all, hadn't she been running away from the excitement, the espionage, the danger. Hadn't she wanted to settle down? Hadn't that been part and parcel of the tears and the joy when they'd found out about Rosie. Leaving all this behind? And still, they'd run right back into it the both of them. And they'd kept running until her entanglements and his and Sherlock's conspired to erase her from existence.
He'd never been fired before. He'd seen it happen to other people and thought; "Oh, look at that poor sod. Having to do that terrible walk of shame. Down the hallway, all his little embarrassing office belongings shoved into a box that was used to ship in bulk toilet tissue. Stained coffee mug, half dead plant and unused ruler, balancing precariously in that cardboard container with
"Hmm." Sherlock hummed non committally before saying. "I lost you. I got the timing out."
"What makes you so different?"
"That is perfectly ok." John got up from the bed, headed to the bathroom. Grabbing a towel he ran it under the tap and added a bit of soap. He walked back to the bed and leaning over to kiss him handed it to Sherlock. "Just to clean yourself up a bit. We'll put wet wipes on the weekly shopping list."
"Yes, I am. Because you love it, Doctor. You always have. And if this is your new drug then I am all for it. So, open it up and take your first hit."
"Shut up and keep kissing me." He said affectionately. "And whatever you do,
"Bloody hell, that's incredible. Open your mouth. Try some."
At this point, "Mary" stepped directly in front of him blocking his path. He came to a halt and she pointed a finger at his chest and gestured poking him dead center.
you see Sherlock tell him...tell him thank you."
But...
John tried to come back to himself. Not just to hear the doctors words but absorb them in all their harrowing seriousness.
"Do you think he might say the same thing about you?"
Sometimes, if Sherlock wasn't available, and bless him, he tried to be, John would need to find some other way to busy himself up to and including resorting to cleaning.
But, John intended to exhaust all other avenues first.
John pulled away and headed directly for their bathroom eager to brush his teeth. As expected Sherlock followed.
"It's alright, John, this is Frank and he's just going to give you a pat down, inspect your pockets, that sort of thing. It's standard procedure. If your bags hadn't already been shipped we'd have done that too. But it's all taken care of. If you'll just step towards Frank.
"My studies took up more time than I had calculated. But worse than that I had to be around people. Other boys my age. It was awful. Back home I had to endure school but I could still manage to hide away a good deal of the time. Not so there. It was awkward and though I didn't want to admit it, lonely. And worst of all, it was boring and there was no time for my cases. I started to falter."
...it started to affect my waking life as well. I would...you're going to think I'm crazy. I would get close to Sherlock and I'd start to feel hot, like he singed me. But it wasn't him. I mean, I knew it wasn't coming from him it just happened around him the most. But occasionally others. Anytime I thought about getting close to someone, letting them back in I would think of the Red Forest and the fire and the radiation and the poison and the death. It's ridiculous, I know. I know it is. But I would come close to Sherlock and that tingling would start and I would think 'Well, this is a warning. This is a message to stay away.' I just never figured out if it was a warning for me or for him...or them. And that is my recurring nightmare. I'm in the forest, surrounded by all this red, red wood and walking on soupy, dry ground and the heat is unbearable. Sometimes it just warms my skin in this sickly way. Sometimes I catch fire. But I'm trapped and I can't get out and it goes on for miles and miles and miles and it's burning and I'm burning and it's dead and I'm dead and we're one. We're the same thing. I'm the Red Forest."
He nodded but didn't speak.
But for him, this made no sense. When Rosie was first born he was enraptured, everything about her was perfect and worthy of documentation and praise. He loved her. He loved spending time with her. Showing her things. Kissing her, tickling her, holding her. He loved to imagine what kind of toddler she be, what kind of little girl, what kind of teenage and woman. So many plans. So many things he wanted for her.
“I’m not angry, John. Perhaps you’re projecting. It wouldn’t be the first time.” He replied quickly, trying to keep his tone even. Even and casual. He didn’t entirely succeed.
Hi Sherlock,
It was like music to John's ears.
"What do you remember?"
He looked at “Mary” in surprise.
For whatever reason, a reason he hoped to discover as their relationship progressed Sherlock was afraid. Afraid of failure, afraid of disappointment, afraid of intimacy, afraid of his own body or being so close to someone else's body. Any of these possibilities seemed likely. He knew he hadn't ever had sex before. Mycroft had hinted of it long before Sherlock had confessed it to him in a quiet voice that strained to keep embarrassment at bay.
Still there were a few demons left between them a few dark thoughts that always threatened to intrude on these moments of joy.
“You sure you don’t wish I was the pub bloke?” Sherlock said deciding to prod him.
They stood there, panting. John supporting himself against the wall, Sherlock leaning against John.
"You're welcome." He said standing and gazing down at him. The relief he felt as the idea that Sherlock was here, actually here, crystallized from hope to fact almost made his knees weak. He walked over to the small refrigerator and removed a bottle of water and some string cheese and a few savory biscuits.
He didn't say anything so she went on.
"I admit...I counted myself lucky that I had avoided your rightful anger. I thought, 'How convenient. Everything has been compressed and accelerated because of the terrorist attack and the bomb on the train. We've fast forwarded and all is well.' But it wasn't well." Sherlock looked up at him. "You weren't well. I suspected it and it was solidly confirmed in the morgue. That wasn't about me pulling a knife on Culverton. It wasn't about the drugs. I don't even know if that was about Mary, not only, not just. It was about this."
Grabbing his phone Sherlock looked at the screen.
"You lied to me. You lied about all of this, all of it." He roared, stopping and turning on him again.
"What next?" He asked clearly trying to draw me out of my own head as he kissed along my jawline.
"Yes, John." He said, working his palm and fingers over his erection. He certainly looked as though he had a skill, he'd give him that.
"You would have what?" Sherlock pressed quickly.
Sherlock shutter blinked.
The house was dead silent, just the sound of his breathing, steady and even. It was strange when you really became aware of all the background noise, the humming of lights and appliances and dripping faucets and running toilets, all the stuff that was accepted as part of living in a space. And when all that was cut off and cut away it was shocking how quiet it was.
"He was a thug for hire. He never told you that?" Harry asked taking another bite.
"I think so." He said dubiously, but the downbeat message was hard to embrace.
"You have orgasmed a total of once this entire time we've been together." Sherlock said derisively.
This time it was his mate who gently tugged down his trousers. He'd honestly forgotten but he didn't regret it.
When it was over he ran his hand over his freshly buzzed scalp. The hair that remained, as he hadn't wanted to go completely bald, felt fuzzy, soft. He could feel the surrounding air hitting his scalp. This was going to take getting used to but as he smiled at his reflection he realized he didn't regret it.
"Of course not." He said quietly.
Alright, I do know why but it's not important. The important thing is that I didn't really have a mum growing up. She died and it was just me and my sister, kind of on our own. I never got tucked in at night or fretted over the way only a mother can do. The way I imagine Mary would have been with Rosie. The way she
He knew it was ridiculous. What was he even on about? He needed to call Sherlock because he'd had a bad dream? Because he had a hunch, like a psychic that something was wrong.
"I don't know, Mycroft, why?" He asked, already fed up with the game.
"I had wanted his help today but of course he disappears." She said with a shake of her head.
John gave him a cheerful smack on the arse. To his amusement, he saw Sherlock drop his head and blush.
"You're quite angry, talking about it even now."
John leaned closer to the man and the elder Holmes whether realizing it or not did the same.
Rosie seemed cheerful, at first but after awhile she started to squirm in Clara's arms. John imagined she was getting over stimulated at all the focus and attention. She shifted her from one side to another but the toddler wouldn't be fooled. John watched as her face scrunched and she tried to rise higher, trying to use Clara's shoulder as leverage. Rosie started to whine and everyone grinned at the small tantrum. John wanted to hold her and wondered if she'd allow such a thing. Probably not.
The jumper?
John actually found it rather endearing that he was even asking. That was, oddly,
Sherlock nodded and glanced down at his feet for a moment.
Never come by my home. Never write to me. Never call.
"No, but he hasn't contacted me and apparently I've been here 30 days." He said holding up the chip.
The top trending topic was #SherlockHolmes
"I don't want us to drift apart. Certainly not due to misunderstandings and half truths. You can tell me the truth, John."
"Exactly." He paused and smiled softly. "This is your way of telling me I should tell him isn't it?"
angry."
"Yeah, they're helping me, quite a lot actually." He came to stand before his friend trying not to telegraph his...what should he call it? Shyness? "Thank you for getting me in here." He concluded.
This he could do and in fact he wanted John to be the object of desire. It would be an interesting test of his limits to see how far he could go, how long he could last before jealousy got the better of him.
"Really?"
But then again, everything
The point was, with Angelo's you knew what you were getting.
I told the therapist this go round that there were things that had been on my mind. Things that were suddenly becoming clear to me about you...about us. And just when I was playing about with the idea of letting you in on it, well, you went and did this. You absolute bastard.
"Wha-what was that, Mycroft? Yes, of course, I'm listening. It's a baa-bad connection. No. No. Sheep? Yes, funny. I...I...what?"
"No, darling, I'm not trapped here. I just wanted to talk to you some place private, quiet."
Within an hour he had Rosie and enough nappies and clothes and whatnot packed for an overnight trip and she and his sister were gone.
"Duck."
"He and I...we were..."
"No, ok...there is, was something I wanted to ask. But I think I know the answer. Alright, I was trying to save face and maybe exit this conversation with a little, admittedly undeserved dignity."
But it became habit just the same. After their massage session, the massage-r would creep off to take care of himself then return to bed with a flimsy excuse and they go to sleep.
John removed the coat and hung it back on the wall peg and carefully leaned the shovel against the wall before removing his boots and replacing them with his shoes. Throughout he felt Sherlock's eyes on him, puzzled, troubled.
It was hard though... staying that high.
They were out as a couple. But not
"I mean, it's not like it's stuck in my head."
"So tight...I had no idea you'd...ohh John...be so tight."
When John glanced up Sherlock was looking at him curiously.
There was a shifting of weight next to him on the bed and he expected to have the blankets tugged from his body. Instead, Sherlock joined him beneath them but not for a kiss. By the time John caught sight of him, he had already slid halfway down the bed.
They both shook their heads no.
"I'm fine, John. I suppose I've just been drinking a bit more water and tea."
"John..." He said and it sounded so breathless, so full of anticipation and want that John's own breath caught in his throat.
want to stay in a hotel?"
Sherlock bent over to sweep her off her feet.
Refusing even now to promise anything. But it was just his tired brain running riot. That was all.
Still, I'm your friend. I should have asked. I didn't know you always had nightmares.
The answer to that was the same it had been five years ago; with Sherlock Holmes.
"I just noticed you've been getting up every now and then during the night. I don't mean to be some sort of bladder watcher, I mean you can use the loo as often as you like but if you were like sneaking away to get a break from me. If I snore or elbow you in your sleep or kick like a racehorse or something please tell me. Mary always said I was as still as a corpse when I slept...unless I was having a nightmare. But, you know, things change."
"I imagine they try again." She replied.
But he was undeterred and in fact John saw the determination in his eyes and by this point it was already far too late.
John swallowed, it was everything
As expected it was 90% cases with a good dose of snark when he felt his patience was being tested or his time wasted. There was the random proclamation of "Bored!". But every now and then there was a picture of a flower or a bumble bee or just some random prettiness he had come across during his day. Those he hashtagged #CaptureTheLovliness. Of all the things John imagined would or could stick, that wouldn't have been it. Which was likely why it made him incredibly happy.
"As you like, but you're welcome to spend it with me if you want. It is your last full day here."
"He was still telling the truth. Look, mate, we'll still be friends. Best friends. You are my best and only friend. And I love you. But I can't do this anymore."
"I didn't ask Sherlock. All I did was send a letter in the mail. I hoped for an answer and in a way, I suppose I got one. It's that simple. I'm fine."
He never called anyone or texted.
Sherlock swallowed, glanced down at his feet, swallowed again and seemed to make a decision.
Something that in the past might have caused John to bristle now just made him laugh.
"I never said bad."
"Why didn't I what? Anytime it was even hinted at that we were a couple your objections were strenuous and vehement. You have in all ways presented yourself as a heterosexual man. Meaning that, for me, you would be a dead end. I do not make it a habit of pursuing dead ends."
"Christ, but you're good at this." He said.
"But she just sounds so small." John added.
"Tired?" Sherlock asked him.
"Are you afraid of his reaction?"
He woke up in a cold sweat and proceeded to retch all over his blanket. The shock of it, the shock of
house. Later, before the sunset, his new husband showed him the vegetable garden out back as well as the apiary and they just walked in the gloaming and then the moonlight with the chalky white cliffside of the Downs gleaming in the distance, the Milky Way splashed and streaked overhead.
We were still lying with each other and it was the most comfortable I'd been in ages. Leaning down I kissed him again, a gesture he seemed to accept gladly.
"And so you have. Now, put him out of your mind." Sherlock said as he moved closer on the bed.
"I wouldn't be opposed to eating. Shall I order in?"
"Well you were wrong...God, you and this glorious nest of dark, copper hair...I just want to bury my face in it."
"She was doing you a favour! She was doing the both of us a favour! And this is how you repay her?"
"Fuck...John...oh please, yes, John more of that, yes."
"John." He admonished softly. "I don't blush."
"You're right. I don't. And I won't know fully until we've begun. Call Harry, tell her in a week you'll need your daughter back. Sell the house and come back to me."
"After the uh...confession in Hanah's office."
"Please, be my guest."
"This feels a bit morbid, even for us." Sherlock said, never taking his lips or hands of John.
"You are a true military man. Like clockwork you are. I was planning on bringing her up today and yet again you beat me to it."
. It has
"I'm, sorry what?"
"Good, then we're all in agreement. Sherlock, your turn."
Then the next day it began all over again.
It was so obvious his boyfriend was trying to suppress a shy smile and John grinned enough for the both of them.
"Yeah..." he said with a sigh. "Yeah, I mean, I'd like to. It's something we can work on, I suppose."
“I didn’t dare hope for more. I was ready to subsist my whole life on just this, John." Sherlock said sleepily.
He was staring at his phone and had been for the past 10 or so minutes. He hovered between calling the number on the card Mycroft gave him and calling Sherlock.
"Did you pick this spot?" Sherlock asked after an extended silence.
His boyfriend's eyebrows shot up in surprise before he gave a quick nod.
"I don't think those words have ever come out of your mouth before." John teased him.
John scoffed but not unkindly, more in terms of disbelief.
“Have you fucked any of them?” He asked, finally letting his free hand slip down to his own cock, stroking it slowly.
"What pulls you away?" And the question didn't come from Hanah but from Sherlock.
He just wanted intimacy, like Reggie had been talking about in group. All the things that happen around sex that people ignore or skip or forget about. All the things that bring people closer together in ways that really matter.
"Is your wife coming for family day?" John asked later that night, sprawled on the steps tray resting mostly untouched on his lap.
"Love you too."
"Well, I've raised two so I speak with some authority on the subject. Take Mycroft, for instance. He was always just a bit slow. And Sherlock always a little too over emotional. Oh, you never want to think ill of your children of course. This is just something you speak about late at night with your spouse once they've gone to bed. But it's true. We thought giving Mycroft more responsibility might fire something in him but it didn't work. But this is my point. I suggest you get Rosie's IQ tested as soon as reasonably possible. That way you'll know her abilities and limitations. When and where to push her. If you know what a child is capable of you can guide them. You don't want her to be lazy or undisciplined. Mary was remarkable and Rosamund has every chance to be just so. We tried that with Mycroft but he proved limited. But that doesn't mean I don't stand by the theory."
No hand, no friction, no contact with his erection whatsoever, just Sherlock's touch sent him into one of the most earth shattering orgasms of his life. His toes and fingers flexed and curled his body relented to those unmistakable seizes and jerks and he felt the pool of warm and sticky ejaculate as it collected partially on the sheets and partially on his belly.
"Yes..." he said with exasperation. "It's just hard. I want to let all of this go."
"Are you seriously arguing on behalf of the man who ordered you out of my life knowing you were suicidal?"
Hello, love! Oh, I miss you, but I’m pleased as punch you’re safe and sound. I’ve sent along a few more comforts from home and if you have any requests for treats of toiletries or sundries you just let me know.
"French pleat or Cardinal hat?"
"Let's put the bags down and worry about unpacking later. For now, just give me a tour."
God, I'm bored.
"Alright...ok, point taken."
He nodded, digesting her words thoughtfully
I'll stand there before friends and family and Mary and God and you... and I'll tell the truth. I won't be lying. I do love her.
"I believe you and I think we have proven time and again that we are larger than the sum of our parts and the sum of our actions. I say this not out of benevolence or martyrdom but because I mean it. I forgive you. I forgive you, as is my right and my right alone. All that's left is for you to forgive you."
"I cannot believe you say that so casually. Aren't you going mad with even the possibility of boredom?" I teased.
"I mean...the Sherlock you know, the Sherlock that presents himself to the public that happened pretty early. Mycroft, in what I imagine to be his twisted form of protecting his little brother, taught him caring was a bad thing. Sherlock is seven years younger and of course he took it to heart. He doesn't...
John lay there, his stomach churning. This was selfish. This was horribly, horribly selfish. He was using him, like some sort of rent boy, like a bed warmer. Did his friend get any pleasure out of this at all? Good God was he just being nice?
"Have fun with that." John said as he headed towards the door.
Sherlock made it so hard to fully escape this world, to truly disconnect. It was impossible to shake him from his head or his heart.
He went to bed listless. No forest dreams that night. Instead he was back in his childhood home, standing in the kitchen. Facing the stove, his back to the small table where they ate meals. His father was behind him, seething. He wasn't speaking. He didn't have to. John could feel him, boring holes into the back of his head, practically huffing, like a bull pawing at the ground before a charge.
John had thought.
They stood there in the quiet of the afternoon and looked at the lake whose name he didn't know.
A black cab pulled up and he tried to step to the curb but was purposefully blocked.
Near hysterics.
"You're going to bottom for me some day, aren't you?" Sherlock whispered in his ear and it was the last thing John expected to hear. Dirty talk? Oh yes, please and thank you. Sherlock was going to try his hand at dirty talk.
"Yes, if you like." John agreed tugging him up for a kiss.
"I am angry that he would ever think I would stop being his friend. That he holds me so cheaply as to believe I would walk away after all this. That anything on this earth could compel me to walk away from him."
The room was silent for a solid 30 seconds. John didn't want to meet either of their eyes. Those feelings weren't as distant as he might have thought. He recalled holding the pen and he recalled the shaky hand he used to write those letters. he called the despair and the depression and the sickness and the craving and the numbness and the brokenness that he felt in those moments. he recalled being swamped by it, carried away, soaking, struggling, sinking in it. He recalled this part of him that somewhere was still there, negative and raw and howling to be soothed. The second go at rehab had helped and so did Hanah and meetings and Eric, and writing and Sherlock. They all helped but it never really went fully away. That's why he was recovering. That's why he would always be recovering.
"Us?" Sherlock asked and the personal way of phrasing what they had created at Baker Street surprised him. He had expected him to call it "the work" or even "my work" or "your little helpful blog" but he called it us and John wanted to sob. This, this entanglement was everything he needed to get away from right now. It was too much, too thick, too deep. Oh God, how it hurt.
John heard this as he was descending the stairs and he imagined they heard him laugh in reply.
"Combs Orange Blossom Honey. Combs Palmetto Honey. Combs Wild Flower Honey. Combs Gallberry Honey. Such a selection, I don't know what to choose."
I took the kettle off the stove and grabbed a mug from the cupboard setting it on the countertop.
When they finally crawled into bed it was with happy, tired smiles and brief kisses before sleep claimed them.
To his surprise, a cursory glance yielded almost nothing but positive messages. Mostly women, young, middle aged, some who may have been teenagers which he found more than a bit disturbing. For the most part, their messages were kind, concerned, enthusiastically supportive. The polar opposite of Sherlock's inbox.
"I wanted you to not be me!" He roared back. "I wanted you to not be a manifestation of every ugly, secretive habit I have ever cultivated."
"Fuck, do you hear that? That clanging?!"
That. That was the best way he knew to describe the feeling of the Vicodin. It was a lie to just pretend it was medicinal. It was so much more than that and it had escalated and he had escalated going faster and harder and higher. He didn't just keep the worries and the nerves and the depression at bay he glided above them, he was gliding, hard and fast smooth and untouchable. Soaring on guitar licks and dopamine. It was better than the alcohol had ever been because with the booze he'd still felt chained to his feelings. The only mercy was when he passed out. But this allowed him to put all those ugly, nagging, frightening emotions in a box. Oh, he still carried the box around with him, but it was tightly sealed and it stayed that way for a few good hours until everything started to wear off. At least, it was tightly sealed in the begining.
"Want doesn't really factor into it. I need to contribute things are getting rather lean."
"I don't know. It just sort of happened."
"Dr. Watson.-"
"Yes, yes it is." He finally replied.
"No."
But is that enough reason to stay?
She sighed heavily at those last words. She was still angry at her oldest son though John couldn't imagine why.
"I think that's more than sufficient, John."
"Why does your sister get a pass and you don't?" She asked curiously.
"Thanks, mate." He said handing it back and grinning at his friends shocked expression.
"Only if you let me pay for it. They're my parents and it's only fair."
Celebrity? Celebrity,
They watched the remainder of the program in silence along with the Frosty The Snowman follow-up.
I couldn't be more pleased and I am humbled that something I wrote inspired something so wonderful.
"You stand us up. You bend me over the back of the sofa and you just start to fuck me."
They didn't communicate like this, not ever. They had only ever done face to face or the occasional text which was three sentences at the most.
"And I want you to say it."
One night we went out, as usual. Just a delivery, like any other night. Cash, by the way, to the best of my knowledge I never transported drugs. Things just went wrong. Wrong people, wrong night. I’m still not sure if it was an ambush or something. Things escalated, Duck and I wind up face down in an alley with guns pressed into the back of our skulls.
"I'm worried, John. I'm worried that you're losing ground. I'm worried this isn't enough. I want you to go see the therapist I recommended. I want you to go to more meetings. I want you to starts journaling again. These things helped you. They opened doors that I feel as though you are blithely closing again."
"Maybe the first part but I have another idea for the bulk of the day."
Shit. Shit. Shit.
Closing his eyes, John enjoyed the sensation silently for moment upon moment until Sherlock's sudden cough jarred him.
After a moment he was groaning softly as he stroked his erection.
"I'm pleased John will be returning home. He seems happier, healthier, too thin for his own good but we can remedy that. I...missed him and as I believe you have been instrumental in returning him to me. I thank you, Hanah."
Good God, morning kisses with Sherlock. Sweet and tender and gentle. Soft and slow and lingering. Wet and lovely and eager.
Along the way they stopped at a honey stand. Just, what was to John, a surprising wooden structure there on the side of the road with no one else in sight.
He didn't have time to process the embrace as it happened. But later he would wonder at how stiff, it wasn't. How awkward, it wasn't. How it was natural and protective and how out of all those who had touched him after Mary had died, this touch was both the least and most painful.
"I'm concerned if you're approaching this as Cinderella situation, looking for the perfect fit that it's going to cause serious problems down the road. There is no glass slipper, making the odds of you finding a flawless fit pretty slim. But there are shoe horns. Now, I'm not asking you to stay anywhere you feel is truly unhelpful or unsafe or not conducive to your sobriety. But I do need you to be realistic and 90 differently located meetings in 90 days isn't why you're doing this."
Rosie had her head facing him, her cheek on the mattress. With a little hand, she reached out and touched his cheek. The gesture was enough left him practically undone and he pressed his lips together to gather some pretend composure.
I'm going to be a dad. Bloody hell. A dad. I want this. I do. I'm scared out of my mind but I want it. Mary's happy, I'm happy. I am, I'm happy.
"I'm not counting the drinking because it happened decades after I left. I may have taken more quickly to booze because my genetics started screaming out for it once I started but it wasn't him."
He was tired and wounded and hurt. He'd just had the best nights sleep since 2014 and it happened to be in the arms of a man. And he didn't intend on wasting one more breath shooting down rumors about whether or not he and his best mate were sleeping together.
He kept his hands on him, rubbing and touching him gently as he quieted. By some miracle, he had managed not to come but Sherlock would occasionally still move beneath him which means his arse was infrequently brushing against John's cock and he really couldn't take it anymore.
The weight removed itself from the bed, the floor creaked and Sherlock exited closing the door behind him.
The next day was, unsurprisingly interrupted by a matter that was indeed, life or death. It started early with a frantic knock on their door. They spent little time in the early morning or afternoon together for that matter. Sherlock stayed in the flat while John handled reconnaissance all over London. But the upside of an early start was a surprisingly early finish, a solved case, a brief write up, a waiting blog idea and the two of them back together about half past 4 PM.
Dad wasn't home, it was just you and me and while I whined and looked out of the window and tried to wish the rain away you vanished for a bit. After awhile you called me into the bedroom. You had one of our big white sheets stretched over two chairs and you told me to sit down because the show was about to start. You turned off the lights and got behind the sheet and switched on a lamp. And then you put on a show for just me, a little shadow play. You'd cut out some animal shapes with scraps of paper and the cardboard from Dad's cases of beer and you used some of my paper dolls too. You made a little circus for me, for us. You sang songs and you made the elephants jump and the lions and tigers roll and roar, you made my dolls walk a shoestring tightrope.
Mcroft
"That's all very interesting and I mean it sincerely but you still didn't answer my question. Are you alright?"
It can happen. It did happen.
"Well, there's a testimonial for their next brochure, eh?" He finally said and James laughed again.
John couldn't tell if in the dream he was a child or a man. Sometime he felt like one or the other but by the time the blows came it didn't matter.
John wordlessly reached for the remote and turned off the telly.
“You’re angry though I haven’t even the slightest idea as to why.” John said, crossing his arms and staring at his friend.
It was surreal to be in this position again.
"Good."
"I am."
"You've got that look in your eye again." Sherlock said.
But it didn't last. It never lasted and coming down was like a crash course in the DT's.
That hadn't been a question he'd anticipated but even after a few moments of thought he realized it was valid. Yes, he did over think, rethink and sometimes change his mind. But not this time.
"God, you haven't seen
And he said thank you.
"He was short tempered, he was always angry, prickly, solitary except at the pub. And this is all, of course, besides the alcoholism and the violence. Even sober, stone cold sober there was just something about him that people didn't like. He rubbed them up the wrong way."
He shutter blinked at the idea.
He had promised. He had promised. He had promised. He had promised to be patient.
"I love you too."
"That we were broken and lonely and had both sworn off romance and dating and we...we just needed the familiar. We needed intimacy and safety. We needed each other."
Nearly did it today. She was reading...somewhere. The house was quiet, I took my laptop, I took the flash drive and I just let it hover...I almost stuck it in. Very nearly. Almost. But I stopped myself. I can't go back from A.G.R.A. It is a point of no return, isn't it? Would you read it if it were you? Could you stand to have your illusion shattered once and for all?
"I'm sorry you had to remember alone."
Well, it's half past 3 in the morning and we were just awakened by the baby...again. It was Mary's turn so I'm taking the time to text you. I used to get tired when we were on a case, when we were up until all hours of the night. But not like this. Why is this so much *more*? I don't quite get it. All I know is I'm knackered all the time. So is Mary. I'm actually kind of glad we're not allowed to have sex for six weeks. Don't think I could. I might fall asleep mid thrust as it were.
He did as requested and gave her a sheepish smile.
"The Red Forest..." He said with a sigh. "I'm still trying to find my way out. But I suppose the point is I'm still trying."
"You're not sleeping-"
It had reached the point where he would sit in his chair at the end of the evening and not move unless it was absolutely necessary. And even then he would try to do it outside of Sherlock's view and awareness.
In his dream, his mate...former mate, wasn't calling for help because Sherlock wouldn't call for help. He wasn't even there, technically.
And he did feel that way. It was after all his last chance. He knew firsthand that feeling of calm that came over him once he decided to just do it. He'd felt it the days prior to meeting Sherlock, he felt it last Christmas and he felt it now. A sort of numbed peace that was only being helped along by the alcohol filling his belly. The only time the sadness broke down the barricaded door was when his thoughts strayed to Sherlock or his daughter.
“And how did you behave?”
He frowned in surprise and blinked a few times. He made a little sound behind my hand clearly asking me how I had known about the toy.
"The last thing she ever said to me was 'Thank you.'"
He and Sherlock took the bags and stroller from Harry and Sarah and carried them downstair. After hailing a cab and getting Rosie situated in a car seat both men kissed her goodbye. Sherlock pre-paid the driver and they went back upstairs.
As they broke apart Sherlock approached and extended his hand for a shake.
"John is nothing if not an apt and willing patient. He did all the heavy lifting." She replied with a smile.
. How do we make this stop!"
Duplicitous. That was the one word that kept running through his head over and over and over again. Duplicitous lies.
That didn’t stop him from stalking him online and this particular evening he sat on the edge of his bed scrolling the internet.
"I don't have a problem with that...I mean, it sounds nice." He chanced a look at Sherlock, unsure of where he was emotionally at that moment. He face was placid but John noted the slightly knitted brow.
“Who do you belong to?” Sherlock breathed in his ear. He wanted an answer, in fact he needed one.
"Yes, you are. And I forgive you."
"Why do I feel so personally attacked, after that?" John asked later that evening back in the room they shared. "I know it wasn't personal but it felt it."
"I know, tell me about that. Did you want children?"
"We all should have done better." Sherlock replied softly. And John realized he hadn't been the only one shouldering a mountain of guilt.
"Yeah, things are going well I think."
She said, she didn't think she stood a chance against Sherlock Holmes.
“That’s a far cry from a newspaper columnist.”
"I started getting a sudden influx of alerts and messages on Twitter."
I moved my wedding ring from my left to my right hand.
John nodded with relief as she had perfectly summed up what he'd been thinking.
"As happy as I am with our life now, I confess, I feel at ease knowing this is our future."
The rawness of saying I love you which if memory served, happened more than a year ago, had only frightened him in retrospect. He recalled saying it without thinking all that much about how it might change their interactions. But it had passed his lips and had been returned moments later without fanfare. It had been easy and the door, once opened, had never been shut again. Their "I love you's" flowed back and forth, never rote, never just a thoughtless ending to a conversation, a substitute for goodbye. Rather a true expression of affection and support and a sort of repledging of their commitment to one another. Whatever fear had followed, it had been worth it.
As high as the high's were, as euphoric as he felt in the midst of it all, this low was something he'd never quite experienced. He wasn't sure if it was just the temporary lack of pills or a combination of his natural chemistry. Hanah would likely say both. But this, this was unbearable. Another 24 hours of this and he felt he'd be a hairsbreadth away from where he was on Christmas Eve. He felt that frightened, that undone and despondent, that beyond help.
"Great, I'll see you in about 20."
"As you like and as I was saying I thought you'd prefer to be in charge."
"Hello, John."
Sherlock made a small pained noise at his side but that was all, and he continued.
“Absolutely. There was no chaos to my father’s drinking mostly because it was constant. There was a pattern to it. I could predict it so I knew how to behave accordingly.”
He was, in a word, flabbergasted, when Sherlock walked away and without so much as a glance back, headed to his bedroom. John stood there in the upstairs hallway gawping at his back for a moment before turning in the opposite direction and going to his own quarters. Everything was fresh and clean, the bed newly turned down but he barely gave any of it a passing glance. Instead, he set his bag on the floor and promptly went toward Sherlock's bedroom.
"I haven't come in my trousers like that since I was a teenager." I said climbing into his bed as though it were normal.
"Will you tell me more about your childhood...if I tell you more about those two years?"
He paused. Should he go lower still? Ultimately he decided yes and sank his fingers into the tense, solid flesh and muscle of his glutes. Sherlock had been growing ever increasingly loud but the sounds now as John massaged his arse was a cross between a yelp and a sob.
"Go to our bedroom, get out of that towel and I'll lock up out here and turn out the lights."
"No."
"Have you the energy for a shower? We should clean up a bit before going back to sleep I think." Sherlock asked.
"I..." He started and then paused for a moment to stroke Rosie's hair. "Yes, I loved him. He was my best mate."
He stared at the number and refreshed the page to make sure it wasn't a mistake. When Sherlock returned to the table he showed him the screen.
“Yeah, I really think I am. You?”
"I love you too, John. Always. I swore that back then and I mean it now."
Finally, he pulled away and smiled at him. Glancing down he saw his belly rising and falling in the darkened room and the glistening trail of come that dotted his flesh. Impulsively, John shifted, bent forward and licked away the trail. It was sharp and clean on his tongue, a little bleachy, a little citrus-y. Not unpleasant but unusual and new and mingling perfectly with the aftertaste of honey.
He knew how this part worked.
John knew that the brothers were frequently needling one another about their intelligence and who was in fact, the smarter Holmes. But buried within it, not all that deep was a real sincere respect and admiration for what the other brought to the table. John could see it plain as day. And neither of them is what he would ever call slow.
"Ok, we're going to circle back to this but switch gears for now. I want to follow a hunch. We don't have as much time as I'd like to explore it but it's relevant."
Don't think I would though even if I could.
"Laugh if you like." The detective continued. "But it terrified me. To this day I can't look at a caterpillar or eat a gooseberry without feeling nervous." Sherlock said, barely able to control his laughter. The bed shook with their chuckles and John moved closer still, wanting to crawl inside this happy, peaceful moment.
Somewhere around 8 and 1/2 minutes later they were both writhing in bed, John atop Sherlock, pinning his arms down as he nibbled on his bottom lip.
"Done."
"I assure you the room was vacant when I left it."
"Then be brave with me, Doctor Watson." He brought his lips to mine again and I was powerless. "I consent, John. I consent. I want this. Please, if only once. Be brave with me."
"Is this your first time?"
He didn't get much out of it. He was far too lost in his own thoughts.
John thought about it. It embarrassed him but he didn't mind.
"Mānuka, by the way."
Balancing the child on her lap, Harry leaned down to grab something from her bag. Sherlock, who'd seemed rooted to his spot by the refrigerator suddenly stepped forward.
The room was all pants and heavy breathing interrupted only by each of us calling the others name. I held on to his body tightly, my hands traveling up and down the landscape of his back, occasionally grasping his arse, to spur him on or just feel the muscles working beneath my hand.
Days later he'd been lying against Sherlock while both of them were gazing listlessly at the tv. It was impossible not to notice his boyfriend had rather busy hands.
She scoffed but waited for him to continue.
“And now?”
He opened his eyes and looked at her, his vision taking a moment to bring her face to focus.
"I'm not going anywhere." He said before gesturing to the mail piled by the door near where he was still standing. "I'll sit down like a good boy and opened my letters."
I remember reading once that was proper etiquette for a widower.
"Yes, that he is."
It was too much.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” John repeated but softer this time, his tone entirely different.
ok with you, is it?. Do you often tell people you've forgiven them when you haven't?"
"If you believe that by moving in here I would try and force you to..." He faltered. Sherlock rarely faltered. "I wouldn't...things would remain strictly friendly and professional."
"See you, Johnny."
"Ok."
"Uh, Sholto, that was the nickname we all had for him."
He started spanking him again, slowly at first, watching John wince and groan and wince and gasp with each strike as he worked his hand up and down his erection.
"I won't get crumbs on your bed." He promised and John smiled.
"Ok, great. And do you know the best part about what's about to happen? Every time someone mentions honey you're going to blush furiously."
He inhaled sharply through his nose, indignant at how right she was.
He turned on his heel, and furious and defeated he returned to his room. Childishly, and he knew it was childish, he slammed the door and sat on the edge of his bed.
"Why-"
He made a vague almost helpless gesture with his hand before speaking.
"It's my turn for what?"
"He'll come round. Corner him if you have to." He advised.
They were busy and busy was occupying 90% of his thoughts during the day and the other 10% was Sherlock. Once the workday was done, whenever that happened to be, everything switched and it was all Sherlock. There was no time to think about the nagging, scratching, craving in the back of his mind that demanded a drink. It was still there. It was relentless and like a badly behaved child in church, it would often choose to scream at the worst possible moments. But so far, his voice was firmer, louder. But...though he didn't like to admit it, it was less in control. To continue the analogy, he was not the calm and cool collected parent, quieting the noisy child. He was stressed, strained and gradually losing his patience.
"Mycroft, I won't do this over the phone and I'm not just going to consent to you chloroforming me and conducting a friendly interrogation."
"Where to begin, um...she's...she's just spoiled. She's always had someone to come around and clean up her mess. She always had this army of friends who would party with her and see that she got home alright. Then when they all got sober and she didn't they staged intervention after intervention to try and get her right. When she got her license taken away they'd drive her. When she lost her job and her flat they'd let her crash on their couch. Every hellish move of her life was backed up by someone ready to break her fall. Then somehow during on of those little corridors of sobriety, she met Clara. This amazing, saintly woman who stepped in and picked up the absolute mess that was my sister, set her right. And what did she do? She threw it away."
"I know of her. I've read several of her papers. But no one can help you if you're not honest with them. And you won't let anyone help you if you don't trust them. I'm going to work to earn your trust, John. Hopefully, you'll feel comfortable being honest with me, eventually." She said with a smile. "Ok?"
"Heart attack?" Sherlock asked.
"Ok," He said with a groan. He would have liked to lounge in bed with his boyfriend all day but instead got to his feet once Sherlock had rolled off his body.
"I always thought...I thought that if she were alive, she'd take us away from there. She'd gather us up in the middle of the night and spirit us away to somewhere safe." He inhaled sharply. "Yeah, she was good. She was very good."
John cleaned the clippers of stray hairs and disposed of the tufts and strands and clumps of hair that had collected in the sink.
"I love it, I love it so much and I wish I could taste it and you. I wish I could be in two places at once. Make a mess, my love. Yes, my darling boy, make a mess for me."
"Not everything is about sex, Sherlock."
"You need to get up and get going I'm afraid."
I ask you to wish him well. As I do and always shall.
before now. Was it just The Location or was this the way he was every morning? Is this how he could be every morning?
"For once, Mycroft, you and I are in agreement," John said his voice gravelly, weary and mostly unused. "Why would anyone become more ensnared?"
"Nothing, in all this time? You haven't said a word."
"Your naïveté surprises me," he said with a little shake of his head. "Through my influence, I have maintained the bucolic peace on Baker Street for the past week but that is coming to an end quite soon. I'm afraid you will shortly be very much on your own. It was a favor to Sherlock but it could not last forever. That is why I brought you here and why Sherlock took you where he did. Far away from the maddening crowd. I would brace myself if I were you. Your 15 minutes are just about to start."
been in a boy band. His rowdy, drunken shenanigans had put him all over the news for the past two years making him recognizable to likely even the most disinterested adult.
"Will you consider it?" John whispered.
"Alright, not until you're ready."
"Bloody hell you're hard for me." He said giving it a slight squeeze.
"Sherlock, get up." He said but it was pointless as Sherlock was already on his feet.
John threw up his hands in frustration.
Am I that gullible? That much of a fucking mark. Tricked by her, tricked by you.
"Yeah, yeah we really did," he said extending an arm about her shoulders and drawing her in. "Thank you."
"We few, we happy few."
Hi Sherlock,
Maybe I'll start biking. God, I look ridiculous on a bike but I need something.
"Slightly similar problem, different cause."
He didn't think that now.
Before we get into that can I ask you something?
She smiled obligingly but he could tell immediately she had no intent of relenting.
up, now!" I shouted.
He couldn't possibly like it more.
"No, I believe in this as much as I ever did. I believe it's a good thing. I believe in us. I believe in Sherlock Holmes. It's not just a hashtag these days. It never was."
"I mean, it's bog-standard, isn't it? It's ordinary. People say it every day."
"If we're to continue doing this you're going to have to shave this fucking beard."
"What is it, Sherlock?"
"Ok, ok." He agreed hastily.
"Um..." She began.
"I feel pretty lucky that Mike, unlike you, had the good sense to turn me down."
"Love you." He mumbled.
He'd never voiced it out loud, no one had ever asked him to explain it before. But also, he'd never even asked himself.
Thank you for letting Rosie and I spend so much time here at Baker Street. Thank you for loving my daughter seemingly instantaneously. And by God she's smitten with you.
"Smile." She said and at her request, he did and then kissed both of her hands.
He and Sherlock would take the two up top and they had plans to make the larger one off the kitchen their office. The fourth chamber...they weren't so sure.
"And what did you decide?"
"I feel positive about it all now, you know? Like maybe this time things are going to be like they should. She kissed me when she left. You have any idea how long it's been since she could even stand to kiss me?"
There was the popping of a lid followed by Sherlock squeezing the lotion into his hands. He rubbed them together rapidly.
"Can you still see me?" Sherlock asked.
, then back out again to the
"Um..I...well, since I started drinking regularly, I suppose a few hours. I mean, prior to this year, alcohol was never a problem for me. I'm sure that everyone who comes in here probably says some variation of that."
But he didn't.
Just nine words. That was all.
She grinned, relieved he'd gotten the idea. Rosie watched carefully as he took the same wipe and ran it gently over the toys frozen facial features. Once she was satisfied she pulled Bumbly away and then held him close.
your past,
He kissed him.
"Well look who's taking the piss today. Yes, quite a long line, thank you very much. Oh God." He concluded with a grimace.
They scribbled for awhile. John writing down his initial struggles but mostly the page was filled with good feelings. They finished around the same time and set their work aside.
"You know...unhappiness is an ugly emotion. It tends to drive people to extremes, I've found. It makes them do ghastly things. When these sorts of incidents wind up in my lap...
"Recently?"
They spent the night as they had the previous two, in John's bed, in each other's arms, except this time they fell asleep facing one another.
He flashed a bitter smile.
to get a rise out of Greg. He always did that when he was surprised by something. He didn't like to be taken off guard. It made him feel unsteady and this was his way of reclaiming his space.
"Alright." John's sister said sounding relieved. "It's been impossible to even get her down."
John Watson was in a word; stunned. He thought for a second it might be a joke. The detective, who some mistakenly found humorless, did in fact, have a wicked sense of humor as he'd come to realize. But when the light stayed off and no laughter seemed forthcoming he understood it was all too genuine.
“Childhood trauma is predictable and boring.” He said quickly.
"I'm getting sloppy. I'm not sleeping, I'm not thinking. I'm not helpful. You're slowing down, you're doing most of it for me. My blogs have turned to shit." He concluded with a shy and bitter laugh.
"That's it, Sherlock, come for me. Come for me, love."
He'd been 61 then and he was 63 now and doctors had little choice but to respect both his marriage and his medical license which he insisted on keeping current.
He supposed, when he thought about it, the tears had returned with the "death" of his mate. Before he lost Mary, he couldn't recall a time when he had wept that hard or that long.
"Of course I forgive you."
, they now have to address and focus on what they
"Alright, well, what sparked it was a time where I went missing for a week. No one ever intends to go missing for a week, you know. You intend to go out and get your fix, whatever your fix is and then proceed with your day. But stuff happens."
I have seen horrors but nothing that compares to your body on that pavement.
"You going tomorrow?"
"Yes, right, she is."
"He...um...changed it for the better. I was very confused and angry and lost when we met. Purposeless, I think would be the right word. I hadn't had any real connection with anyone since Duck-"
John saw Sherlock open his mouth to speak but he cast him a warning glance to stop any and all words.
"Not at all."
I'm glad and I hope she's helping him.
"You sure you don't want something more substantial? My treat?" Mike asked with a grin.
Except one.
“And you took it?” Sherlock replied, locking his eyes to John’s.
"I'll make note of that. Alright, Dr. Watson, we're ready to admit you, if you're ready."
"But not Sherlock?"
"A little grave digging never frightened me, John." He replied with a smile and John kissed him again.
The gesture did not go unappreciated, however, no matter how he turned the box over and searched inside there was nothing to be found from Sherlock.
But now...now it was dark. Dark brown perhaps darker than that, edging toward black. His father had had dark hair, nearly black as well. And he was never sure what color Mary's hair really was. She'd liked blonde so much and he liked the look of it on her so she'd kept it. She looked like Mary, he could see her features written all over that tiny face.
"Gallberry it is then." John said. "Comb honey. That's a clever name."
I don't know exactly how to start a letter like this. Not exactly my area. I much prefer blogging about things from a distance, after the fact. This is an entirely different kind of post-mortem.
"Not Harry? Children are allowed, and of course spouses. She could bring Rosie and Clara."
"Oi, Shezza, you need some help with that copper?" One of them asked him.
And might I just add, if that was your note, it was the most impersonal piece of shit I have ever heard. So thank you for leaving me with that."
"Because I have never been able to say no to her." He said in a sharp exhale that was part shame part anger. "Because I am caught. Because when Mycroft and I come here as a pair we become children again but at least we are children together. I don't want her attention, I don't want to fall under her eye. Though it may sound counterintuitive the best way to remain ignored is to go with them all to Sherringford."
"Maybe taking her with you tonight might help talk Clara into it? Could she say no to this face?" He said as he pulled back.
The weekend that Sherlock headed off to Paris to chase down a lead was the weekend John toyed with the idea of going cold turkey.
He hated himself for it but he was giving more and more consideration to Hanah's offer of pills.
-John Watson-Holmes
John pulled back red-faced but too tired to cry and looked at Sherlock.
"Yes, let's," Sherlock said, grabbing his hand and leading him down a nearby darkened alley. "Right after this." With a gentle push, he has John up against a wall. The kiss is surprising but he doesn't object. Though the hand cupping his crotch wasn't something he could have predicted.
"Ohhhhh..." He groaned out before he could stop himself. Sherlocks fingers only fluttered in hesitation for a moment before resuming their efforts.
I stood over him for a moment, just staring,
"Are these dreams consistent? Do you often have nightmares about your father?"
But when he turned he saw the camera. A great beast of a thing balanced on a shoulder, fuzzy microphone jutting out.
Work, our great work; you and I together. The lens and the instrument hardly matter without you by my side. In light of all this, I have decided that you don't get to leave me. I won't allow it. I want you to stay and ultimately I always wind up getting what I want. So, have you completed your arguments?"
It felt so good to punch you tonight.
Lestrade paused.
"Hmmm?"
"Why are you upset right now, John?" Hanah asked calmly.
They'd both decided to forgo a stag-do and instead opted for a dinner with Greg and Mike. Afterward, the two of them went home and had a delightful go in Sherlock's chair, the detective riding John as though his life depended on it.
"Mmmhmm I also remember putting my feet on your chair but not daring to be as forward as I'm being now."
"Very good...can you just...?"
"Well, yes, it was left up to me." He said recalling that horrible day where he was forced to make heartbreaking decision after heartbreaking decision. "I chose where they'd place you. I chose what you'd wear. I chose the order of the service, the music. I chose it all."
The taxi pulled up alongside them and his mate opened the door.
The Weald was an old forest, ancient according to what he was reading on his phone. Prehistoric hunter-gatherer had used it for farming, clearing the wooded land, but by Roman times it had been regrown only to be slowly encroached upon again as the forest was decimated for shipbuilding and forest glass. This was it seemed its tale, its cycle.
"Why?" John asked incredulously. "Because it's you. It's always been you. I don't want to be me without you. Not anymore. But I understand if you don't-"
"Alright, well, I met you on August 5th and just before that I had decided that on August 8th I was going to kill myself."
"How am I coward!?" I yelled in his face. "HOW AM I A COWARD!?"
"Oh, love, you blush all the time. So, I have this fantasy, shall I tell you? I've actually had it in one way or another since the day we met. I undress you slowly...actually, this typically begins with me unbuttoning one of those impossibly tight shirts of yours."
"If I may step in," Hannah said. "I don't think he's asking you to excuse it, John. I do think he's asking you to acknowledge where it came from. You can do one without the other. Try it, try it now."
"Did I do nothing for you?" he replied and John could see the slight downturn of his mouth.
At one point he'd gone a bit too deep, gagged but rebounded quickly, doing everything to his boyfriend he'd like done to him. Sherlock had been close, just there on the edge. He'd begged him; "Please..." and then a moment later a warning; "John, I'm going to..."
"You could," Sherlock said. "But you won't have to."
"You mean like, you had a mad murderous sister and I had a father who used to beat me? Yeah, I guess so." Sherlock blinked in shock at that but John pressed on. "To be fair, you suppressed the sister and I would do just about anything to not mention my dad. On top of that, we got busy. We got complicated. We got afraid. We got protective. It happens, you know?"
He nodded, sniffled and brought her into an embrace that in no way logically made sense. Still, it was real and warm and true. They held each other for a moment before pulled back and pressed their foreheads together, closing his eyes.
"Right here, posh boy. Right in the open. I want you to sit in your
"The GMC?" Molly asked. "Why would he...?" She trailed off and John watched as she put it together.
He didn't know how long they stood like that. He was so tired and he felt he was shrinking underneath his own gravity, un-existing, de-existing, folding in on himself like time. Sherlock's hand on his back, his neck, encircling him, shutting everything else out and letting him disassemble in warm, loving privacy. He was even ashamed to cry in the loneliness of his house but he didn't feel that same shame here.
"Yeah, I heard those rumors."
He did dawdle as he situated the groceries not eager for the short car trip back.
"You're serious."
"How many?"
"Those things? Those things like how I love to graze my teeth across your neck? Those things like how it drives me half mad when you wear that purple shirt? Things like how I love to kiss down your chest to your belly? Or...no, do mean those things like how I love your hard, thick cock? Those things like I love having my hand on it? Those things like how I can't wait to taste you? Those things like how I can't wait to be inside of you?"
"Yep." He said self consciously.
To her this was normal. It was all normal. Their conversation, her children, their lives. Except for a few upsets and inconveniences, this was all perfectly normal.
"I understand that can feel a bit intrusive." She said as she started to shuffle through paperwork.
"Of course we do. They won't be here until 7:30. Any cases waiting?"
hurt you.
"Boys are so much easier than girls."
I guess there will be a next time...
John scoffed a bit and shook his head before hanging up his own coat.
"You know...I did feel as though people were watching me at the meeting."
it's still true. You're not who you were yesterday and you can't make any promises for who you'll be tomorrow. I'm only speaking to the John Watson that exists today, the one sitting in front of me. He's the only one you have to answer for. Do you want to live?"
"You know what I mean."
"It's not as big a deal as it looks." He replied, avoiding her gaze.
"Do I now? You'll have to tell me all about that."
"John, let me ask you something," Hanah said, again trying to calm things down. "When you're in bed together who usually takes the lead?"
"This date is from the week I went to rehab the second time." He said.
John was shocked. He knew they were friends, the best of friends. He even knew they loved each other but it just wasn't something Sherlock said. And that was ok. Except now that's he'd heard it, he couldn't ever imagine not hearing it again.
"Ummm..." He was more than a little surprised by the question. "Good, fine...why?"
He scoffed and glanced down at my hand.
"But once you're on the other side, once you can see the light at the end of the tunnel you start feeling gratitude that you're the one holding the reins. After spending so long out of control the idea that you can grab the wheel, stop this and enter a new destination is of leaving here means you're taking your sobriety very seriously. That's good. You likely didn't hold it in very high esteem when you arrived and now it's something precious that you want to protect. Latch on to that feeling.
! Actually, yes there is something wrong. May I please have my phone? I need to place a call."
As everyone quieted he ran his thumb over the relief writing on the coin.
They all nodded and Rosie gave an excited "Yes!"
"Beg pardon?"
Duck looked at him unblinking.
Still, John flushed both embarrassed and frustrated.
"Mmm." Sherlock said in reply.
"I mean this in the least cheeky fashion, but you'd have me no other way. You don't want a therapist who's just going to blow smoke up your arse, John."
nearly enough.
A few more people came in and seated themselves. As best John could tell no one else had the same unsure, new person look he must have been wearing. Quite a few people smiled or acknowledged him in some way and he nodded or smiled in return.
"I'm being honest. It was going to be the pills, right? That was how you were going to manage it? And right here on my grave no less. How poetic. How very gothic. How positively Shellian. Go on, Doctor. Defend your death!"
His boyfriend darted his tongue out, capturing the honey before closing his eyes and humming softly.
And he imagined to anyone on the outside it looked like a Goddamned cliche. Hit's 30 days, gets his chip - which he still treasured, by the way - and immediately decides to rest on his laurels.
"Yeah, yeah, I really do."
"When was the last time you believe he lied to you?"
"Take your time, there's no rush. I can do it for you, some of the names will likely be familiar to me. Or, we can simply wait a few weeks, and open up your account to the public eliminating the need."
"A bit out of the way, don't you think? Rather like this place in terms of location. Why do you believe that is?"
He hoped he wouldn't fling himself back into cigarettes or worse. And then there it was again, that prickling sensation, stronger. His mind and heart rebelled against being pulled in again.
Hi Sherlock,
Sherlock moaned along with the doctor as the latter came hot and hard all over his fist. He gladly coaxed him through his orgasm and all those lovely little tremors that followed. As John quieted, going soft in his palm Sherlock brought his hand up to his mouth making a show of licking it clean of ejacualte.
“By the way, I thought you were going to come over and rescue me from that guy, you arse.” John said turning to him with a grin.
"John...please." Molly said softly.
"Please."
"It's happened before."
"I'd like you to do something for me, John. Your journal that you kept in rehab? Is it something you could go and grab right now?"
"How many times have we done this?" He asked feeling certain the detective would know.
John turned to look at him and he towel dried his hands. Sherlock was still wholly focused on his computer, sitting perfectly still.
"John, bloody hell, please...please..."
"I want to make certain that should anything ever happen to me that you would have access to all that is...was mine. The bank account, my possessions. I've already amended my will-"
"Oh that's um...that's
John heard Sherlock make his way to his bedroom, the sound of his body situating itself on the mattress and finally the rustling of covers.
"Yes, oh God, yes, love I am so sorry. I'm here. I'm right here."
"It's not fair when you two team up against me." He approached his husband leaning in for a kiss.
"I'm sorry." He replied and it was laden with more anguish than John could stand to acknowledge. "Can I please help you? Please?"
"Fantastic, will do, cheers."
"You're lucky you're handsome. Otherwise, you'd be an enormous pain in the arse. Alright, well, when you're near ready I'll leave first. There's a swarm of paparazzi outside, I may be able to get them to trail after me like ducklings."
He liked it. He didn't love it. But he liked it and that was a start. This was, for now, a secret passion. It was likely to remain secret truth be told. But for a while now the confines of the blog had felt too confining.
"Yes, sorry. Hyphen it is then. We're the Watson-Holmes."
Days had their ups and downs. That didn't change. They still got into arguments, though they tried to keep their voices low when Rosie was about. But they fought, they had rows and disagreements and they debated on the best way to trap a killer and the best preschool for their daughter. Sherlock was Sherlock. Obstinate, stubborn, dismissive, frustrating, oblivious. His work was still his work and he was still just as likely to get lost in it and pull John along with him. But that was what he wanted, what they both wanted. They remained who they were. And everything John feared might change for the worse, didn't. And everything he hoped would change for the better, did.
"Have I misdiagnosed?" He asked the amusement apparent in his voice. "If so, then correct me, doctor."
They hadn't talked about his scars as his friend never wanted to. The man before him was quiet, soft-spoken, packing just as many words into a sentence as the sentence needed, no more, no less. The Duck he remembered from his teenage years had been a mouthy, chatty bastard. A funny, filthy, loyal, handsome lothario rarely without a bird on his arm or a clever comment on his lips. The Duck he'd served with, Major James Sholto, Sir, had been a similar man but tempered. The army had calmed him down but it hadn't dampened his spirits or the mischievous twinkle in his eye. He was different but the same. He had grown up, simply put and John had done his best to emulate him. He'd tried to grow up to. He'd wanted to find his way by following Duck as he'd done once before. This man sitting across from him though, was a third man and not at all like the first two.
John nodded his eyes meeting those of his boyfriend.
You selfish, stupid prick, goddamn you.
John picked up the receipt to read the date.
"I hadn't thought about it like that."
"And mine. Hanah, I don't suppose that it might be possible for us to take up our sessions again."
"Can't you?" She asked so pointedly he nearly took a step backward.
When she needed comfort he would rock her.
He flushed at the memory.
Hi Sherlock,
"The work made you happy. Come back and immerse yourself in the work. We'll hire a nanny, I'm sure we can find someone I can tolerate in small doses. We will break down each and every problem, grind it to dust until we find the solution."
John had no desire to go back to that moment, in fact, he'd been actively avoiding it but against his wishes, it came rushing back anyway.
"When I first met him I lived a very solitary life. Little contact with the outside world save for my brother or the people I met briefly who came to me for help. I had acquaintances but no real friends. Friends were something other people had and I had certainly made no attempt to make myself friendly or like other people. He changed that."
It hurt more than he thought possible. But the truth was, he didn’t even know when he’d removed it.
They dressed silently and only parted company when Sherlock went to his unused room to retrieve the remainder of his belongings.
"Ok, ok." John said and steeling himself he reached out to cup his chin. "And no, you daft man there is no lovely woman I'm waiting for. There's you and only you. I just wanted to...to lash out."
"Please do." Sherlock said and John was so happy to see that his smile had returned. The flat wasn't the same without it. John wasn't the same without it.
"I'll have to talk to Clara. This isn't like bringing home a puppy."
He disembarked and it was back into another vehicle, this time an SUV and he promptly went back to sleep again. When he did finally arrive he was surprised to see snow, surprised to see mountains and surprised to see that it was just about sunrise.
John is correct that we're on our sex holiday but I will be occasionally checking our inbox so don't hesitate to send something interesting.
He'd nodded and agreed and that was how he'd found himself back at Baker Street.
"Good to know."
A single sound escaped Sherlock's lips just as John closed his eyes. Not so much a whimper but an impatient, longing sigh. John raised his hand, blindly and finding the back of Sherlock's head pulled him down.  It was starting to feel better, so, so much better and he needed and wanted him close now.
"Angrily, furious for what she said he had done to me. And very protective. I only remembered that in hindsight, I couldn't hear it at the time but she just wanted me to be ok. After everything had settled, cooled a little, as we were on our way back home all she wanted me to do was forgive.
John felt his anger abating, or at the very least taking a bit of a breather. Sherlock looked unsteady on his feet and taking him by the elbow he lead him over to the shade of a tree. He sat down on the ground.
Before they changed the bedding, before Sherlock became engrossed in late-night autopsy information he'd received from Molly, and long before they officially bedded down for the night they stood there in the shower, in one another's arms snogging under the warm spray.
"Home being London."
"He was by my side the entire evening. Never out of my sight. You know my methods and you know his."
"I'm off to the shop, just wanted to see if there was anything I could grab for you?" He asked when she opened her door.
something. For once in your bloody life
"Just there, John, just there."
"Now you." He said gesturing to Sherlock who had returned to work on his laptop.
He scrubbed the blanket as much as he could but it still reeked of course. He felt horrible at the idea that he'd have to leave it for housekeeping to take care of. If it was a hotel he would have left a substantial and apologetic tip but here he had no money. Instead, he bundled it up in the corner and placed a note on the top that said; "I am so sorry. I fell ill. I tried to scrub it as best I could. Please accept my apologies."
"Yeah, I think that is right. Well, here, it's yours. Take it in good health."
"I did, love, I did. What did you want me to do to you at the flat?"
"Absence has made us both, even more, saccharine, I fear," Sherlock said as he pulled him close.
"Oh, it's all my poison." John replied. "Yeah, let's have a glass."
"Go on."
Maybe, as much as it hurt him, his time with Sherlock and with London was over.
"I'm sorry about that, I am. I'm just glad I pulled my head out of my own arse long enough to give you the chance you deserved. The rub is you've helped me so much I really don't know how I'm going to manage on the outside without you. I know, I know there are probably other people just as qualified and knowledgeable but...the idea of starting over. Even thinking about it exhausts me while also scaring me shitless. Plus, you have clearance, you understand, I can't be honest with what basically amounts to a civilian. I'm back to hiding, crafting some story like I did with Ella hoping to squeeze out the truth between the lies."
I'd never actually say this to your face but...if Moriarty being back means you're back then I can't be that displeased.
"You make it sound so simple."
"She says; Hi John, How was your first day? Did anything interesting happen?"
He was sitting in Hanah's office with a death grip on the arms of the chair, precisely the kind of grip she was trying to get him to loosen. He stopped and wiped sweat from his brow he didn't even know was there.
Once they were back behind the closed door of their flat John began putting away the perishable groceries.
"That sounds really fun and
Sherlock was gone in the morning.
"How about you, big brother?"
"If you mean it this time, and I believe you do, then she'll see that. She'll feel it. That can't be faked, you know?"
Sherlock was moaning, making the most delicious sounds beneath him and this was different than the ones he was familiar with. These weren't the same sounds he made when he got a blowjob or when he masturbated, this was lower, smokier, deeper, and if possible even more sensual.
And I'll miss you. More, I fear, than I can bear.
Something about masculinity and you know I hate when you play dumb."
It was snowing heavier now, coming down upon them and around them in soft, fat flakes.
Sherlock gasped his eyes going wide with surprise. "John, you're being ridiculous." He said but he was also leaning closer, wide eyes focused on his mate's lips.
"Do we have to leave one another an itinerary now?" I snapped.
"Your drinking ramped up considerably after your wife's death and then again after the assault in the morgue. Except there was a changeover."
"I'm Hanah, I'm John's therapist. It's a pleasure to meet you."
After a quiet and early supper, they both found themselves in bed, each having confessed to an almost non-existent night of sleep the night prior. John's mood was already elevated and just to top things off he surreptitiously popped another pill. He was just happy to be out of that house and back where he and Sherlock belonged; together. Sherlock seemed thoughtful but his dark mood had lifted for the most part and John assumed he likely just wanted to sleep the rest of the evening away.
I've seen men die before but I've never seen one killed before me by my best mate.
"Differ how?" He asked with a frown.
Just a bit.
"John..." He said, his voice near cracking.
"What do you want to do?"
Less than a minute later he added.
"I tried reading your blog. It's better than his blog but still a bit boring. I was following your mate on twitter for awhile but he mostly just likes slagging people off. He stopped tweeting a few months back so I unfollowed him." Yet another woman said. This one was a bit older than the first and he recalled seeing a trailer for a movie she had coming out next month. "Do you have an Instagram. I follow back."
John thought for a minute about the house sitting empty but full of ghosts, milling about waiting for his return. Or had his absence exorcised them. He didn't even know if he wanted to go back there when he got out of here. And then he realizes...he was thinking about the future. A future. His future. It filled him with a certain portent of dread and he pushed the apple further away.
"Alright." He said deciding not to push it for now. "Locking down DM's and the account as a whole."
Sherlock looked surprised.
He hadn't meant this to come out so frantic and plaintive and could only hope it just sounded that way to his ears. But he'd been meaning to get this out for awhile. More than once he'd awakened to watch Sherlock's lean figure ease out of bed and leave the room. This was followed by the gentle click as the bathroom latch caught.
." He challenged him about the movie they'd most recently seen.
I exited the bathroom silently and made a beeline toward my clothes. I noticed that he'd made the bed in the interim. Frankly, I was surprised he even knew how. I dressed quickly, put on my shoes and headed towards the living room.
it was like I had my husband back. Like when we were first married. When everything is shiny and new and everything makes you blush."
"Me. Your entire scenario assumes nay depends on my sitting back placidly and letting you go. Well, I refuse. I wrongly interpreted Hanah's advice. I was to stay out of your addiction and not police your recover. But once your recovery ended and this began. So, I give you an opportunity now to present your case."
Hi Sherlock,
"Awlchester cottage, built in the 1880's." Sherlock said as though reading his thoughts. Behind them was a five bard gate that had lead to the driveway. The gravel crunched beneath their feet as they approached the front door. The steps leading the way were wide and smooth sandstone ending at a blonde, wooden door. His husband set one of their suitcases down and fished in his pocket momentarily for a key. As they waited, a breeze brought the scent of flowers and herbs to his nose and he inhaled deeply.
"Yes, that's it. We were at breakfast and he just...he just went pale and he said he couldn't breathe and that his chest...his chest..."
"That was rude of me. You weren't offering the account at face value. It was an offer to share something you don't with anyone else. I appreciate it, I recognize the gesture and I accept."
He shook his head slightly.
He came inside him, hips still working erratically as wave after orgasmic wave broke against them both. He felt a pool of sticky warmth from Sherlock's cock coat both their bellies.
Seductively he removed his mouth from Sherlock's erection and started to kiss his way back up his body ending at his lips.
"I need..." he began but then restarted. "I wish...there was time to process this. I wish there weren't so many bloody people out there waiting for us to come back. I wish we could just freeze this moment and be in it for awhile, you know?"
"Kiss me. Strip me down. Take me to bed. Take over. I...I trusted that you'd be kind."
"Shit..." That was all John could reply.
“How do you think relations with your father colored the rest of your life?”
"Last night was a mistake. And I'm sorry for what I put you through. It won't happen again."
“But you didn’t hide? Weren’t you afraid too?”
"Yeah...yeah, there was just something about him. Something...magnetic, intriguing. It reminded me of the way I felt when I met Duck and later, Mary. Some people, you're...you're just immediately thrust into their lives. That first night we were at a crime scene, running through the streets, I was vaguely threatened by his brother, we tracked down a serial killer." He paused, ultimately deciding to leave out the fact that he'd killed a man. "I'm pretty sure I saved his life and then we went to dinner." John laughed and shook his head in disbelief after all these years. "We went to dinner."
The house, the house he and Mary had bought together was from another time. A time he couldn't go back to and without her, he didn't want to. Maybe, best to let it go.
"It's cumbersome," Sherlock said after a moment.
John pulled the phone away briefly and stared at the screen. It only said "James" which was of little help.
We'd need lube and to the best of my knowledge there wasn't any in the house. I could run out. But I was afraid of shattering the moment. Too much time apart. Too much time to think. That's just what could ruin this.
John got to his feet rubbing his head and grinned self-consciously.
"I...I can't remember." John faltered.
He had no choice but to follow.
"That's great." John replied with a bit of disbelief he couldn't hide.
John attacked the treadmill like he hadn't spent the last 300+ days destroying any physical fitness he'd built up. Running next to Sherlock, scaling buildings and hustling down staircases seemed like a lifetime ago. His body let him know how foolish he was being by forcing him to rush off the treadmill before he vomited all over the machine.
"So, can we do that again sometime?" John asked with a grin as the detective was getting into the car.
"OK, so what did happen?"
"I don't believe I agreed to that," Sherlock said as John took his wrist and gently pulled him against his body.
This was their first test of coming out to an audience where the reception was not guaranteed. Neither of them really thought any of their friends would kick up a fuss at John's return home party. But this was different. And if this was enough to cause Sherlock to have second thoughts...
"John, you are not the only one there with problems or the only one there who doesn't want to be seen. Do you think a cook in a restaurant wants it to get out that he's got a drinking problem, or a mum trying to get back on her feet and keep the job she just got? What about the cab driver, the university students, pilots, surgeons, truck drivers, actors, beauty queens, veterinarians and on and on and on. Everyone there is taking a risk. Everyone is exposing themselves and sharing themselves because it's what they have to do to get better and stay better."
They stepped outside her office and John hesitated. This was it. This was the last day before the next first day and suddenly he was overwhelmed. He took a deep breath and then another, steeling himself.
"No, not tonight. So, um, we could move your stuff to your room after dinner, if you like. Or, if you wanted you could stay with me again."
Your eyes. The blood. The way it soaked your hair.
It took him awhile before he heard the noise coming from directly across from where he sat. And even longer to identify it as the snick-snack snick-snack snick-snack of someone wiggling a sugar packet between their fingers, trying to get it all to settle before they tore open the paper. Of course, when he brought his hand down from where they shielded his eyes it was "Mary".
But they were beyond words now, his pacing was becoming more erratic, more fevered and with a low groan he started to orgasm hard against the detective.
"Does that bother you? That people might perceive you as bisexual?"
The dentist looked at him and waited for him to continue.
"And why is that?"
“I’m sorry. You must be confused, so, allow me to explain. You are not in charge here.”
"Anything else?" She prompted.
"We don't have beer."
With more care than before John started to slowly slip another finger inside him. This time there was a wince of pain and he felt those muscle clamp down
"Hmm?" He asked.
She nodded confirming that was indeed true.
"I would love to meet your parents in the official capacity of your boyfriend on Father's Day weekend. Yes, I would be happy to go."
, yes, Doctor Watson. If you'll just get inside, sir, we can be on our way."
"Hmmm?"
"When did those feelings stop?"
“Did you or your sister ever receive counseling for what you experienced?”
A man of honour would withdraw.
"Well, you saw to that didn't you?"
He nodded and placed his hand on the knob to leave.
"Now she really does require a change." Sherlock said with a smile.
wanted this, John. My path is my own. I never needed him to follow."
"I'm glad." And to John's surprise he leaned in and kissed him, a gesture John happily returned. His boyfriend pulled back with a twinkle in his eye.
"You would be very special indeed if all your inner conflict was resolved so quickly," Hanah said with a smile. "It's a process, John, like any other. It's going to take a lot of time and you'll find that there are points where it intersects with your addiction and points where it veers off in the other direction. That is fortunately or sometimes, unfortunately, the nature of being human. Everything is entwined with everything else. But if this is who you are and who you want to be then you're on the path to embracing it and that's not a bad thing."
He shook his head in the negative.
John smiled around the hard member in his mouth and started to fuck him harder until he came in his mouth, flowing salty fresh and biting over his tongue clenching down hard on the toy. He sucked him happily, greedily until his movements and cries subsided. John removed his mouth from his cock leaving it wet and still half-hard before he slowly pulled out the toy and smiling as Sherlock whimpered in response.
"And you." He said before listlessly returning back to his room.
"Ok, well sex is...sex can be nice, it can be procedural, it can be clinical, it can be detached, it can be like a handshake...I suppose it's my least favorite out of the three. But again that's
"Home then? Let's find a taxi stand."
"You chimed in with that at just the right time, Sherlock," Hanah said. "Because it's exactly what I was worried about."
"You know how valuable you are to me. You know how instrumental you are to my work...
If John didn't know better he would have sworn he saw Sherlock stiffen just for a second before getting himself under control.
"What's Harry's take on it?"
His hand was starting to hurt but he didn’t quite care.
John had an idea as to what was coming and he expected it would be his first big hurdle since geting back home. Sherlock was surely going to ask him if he wanted to spend Christmas with his parents. He'd rather do just about anything but. That said, he had resigned himself to accompany his boyfriend come hell or high water. He couldn't let him face them alone. And now at least since he knew what to expect it wouldn't come as a surprise. Surely that had to be half the battle.
"Sherlock...God...Sherlock...I love you..." I whispered brokenly as I came. And I came hard, whole body tensing hard, vision momentarily going a bit spotty and gray, hard. I was clenching around him so tightly as he came inside me that his voice hit an octave I didn't think it could reach.
"John...my God."
Maybe that was enough now.
I would like to stress that this account and DM's are to be used to contact me only when you have a potential case.
No, this was fine.
Finally bare, finally able to touch him John reached down and grasped Sherlock's cock giving it a slow stroke. The latter gasped in reply.
“Hands on the wall, bend forward a bit and stop asking me questions.”
For five solid minutes, he sat on the bed just staring before deciding to open it. The first item was ensconced in so much bubble wrap he could barely make it out. Once he finally tore through he discovered it was a lovely electric tea kettle along with his favorite kind of tea. She'd also included his favorite mug with the
"They weren't hunting him. They were trying to escape."
"I do. I liked Ella as well but there wasn't much she could do for me because I lied to her at every turn."
"Of course. So, um, would you like a tour of the place? I know it's not exactly your thing but-"
John turned in the passenger's seat to face him, as far as the seatbelt would allow.
"I wouldn't see an issue with that. The kissing, I mean, not the shoving your tongue down...well, you know what I mean. My point is, I'm not as prudish as you imagine me to be, John."
“Ok then, so let’s talk about what you couldn’t face yesterday.”
are. You're the one that's existing between worlds, never really in one or the other."
"Good. Excellent. Now, you were saying?"
"If you had to step back and analyze that behavior what would you say?"
How exactly would Sherlock Holmes react to a confession of love?
John groaned as he pulled away.
Sherlock smiled shyly. The shy smile was one of John's favorites.
"No, not for the price. I've crossed the price out. For the date."
I sat back on my heels, my cock bobbing comically before me. Sherlock was clearly enjoying the attention.
Sherlock grinned and pulled him in for another kiss. Unwilling to break away.
do when upset.
"All the times I assumed you were gay and that you and Sherlock were together."
He was ready. Sherlock was ready. They were ready. And he wanted nothing more than to finally give in.
"But it was all there and I missed it."
"Yeah, about Rosie but also about you and me. Maybe we could meet for lunch or something?"
"That seems to be the refrain of this session. What are we doing this for?"
"We did?" John asked, trying to place the man by his features.
The doctor pressed the button and a slight whirring accompanied the movement of the curtains and soon the room was plunged into blackness. John sighed with relief, the tightness of his headache already loosening.
John was still looking at Sherlock and saw the same feelings visible there on his features; joy and contentment.
Yes, John, if there's anything that could make this situation better it's you bursting into a weeping jag. Stop it. Just fucking stop it. Thank him and ask him to leave. He wants to get out of here just as badly as you want him gone, no doubt.
John swallowed hard. Most of Sherlock's dismissive summary statements could cut you to the quick. There were others though, like that one there, that could pierce your heart in the absolute best of ways.
"He brings his violin and he plays so beautifully. Though he really should practice more."
Sherlock promised to call him tomorrow.
"If you're this size
Mrs. Hudson who'd been gone for the day received the double surprise of John being home earlier than she expected and of 221B decorated as it had never been before.
"Why?" He countered.
And so after a brunch where they set the tone and the boundaries and where they allowed Mrs. Holmes no footing they set off back home. controlled the ebb and flow of they stopped and bought Mrs. Hudson flowers and chocolates and a laptop and some of the finest marijuana they could find.
John steeled himself for an awkward rebuff. He was as prepared as he would ever be. His friend had made it clear on multiple occasions that while he was obviously not opposed to deep and meaningful friendships, romantic entanglements were-
"Sherlock is not a volunteer in your life." She'd said when he'd told her that. "He isn't an onlooker or someone who just stopped by to gape at what was once your home. It's his home too. He lives there. He's by your side."
Harry gave her head a little shake. He knew that shake, it was the Same-old-John, headshake. That was fine, it was all fine because he had a similar Same-old-Harry head shake of his own that he employed usually when he was getting some notice about her DWI's.
"Please, John, I think James will do."
"I'll go with you."
“Is the newspaper how you supported yourself?”
There was only the slightest of pauses before he replied with "Yes."
"You're back." Sherlock said from just over his shoulder.
"Probably not that long a line." He said and John could hear the smirk without seeing it.
Sherlock sighed thoughtfully and crossed his legs and in hindsight, John would realize he was deciding something.
"Ok, take care, Johnny."
"Let me make you happy."
"Out where?" He asked, exiting the kitchen as I was putting on my jacket.
"The reason you couldn't make the wedding...it wasn't because you didn't approve was it?"
On bad nights he barely slept at all, and just lay awake, staring at the ceiling.
I know someone who knows someone. They said they could have sworn they brought John in in an ambulance & you were there.
"She does indeed."
As May 18th drew nearer John was unexpectedly taken under by a wave of depression. Reminders of Mary were all around. He wanted it that way. He'd loved her, loved her still and had no intention of pretending as though their relationship and marriage, though brief, had not occurred.
