~~~~~~
“That looks like it’s been some places,” Clint noted. Tony spotted the barely perceptible flinch Dean gave, and the small nudge that Sam made against his thigh.
“Eh, either works,” Laura said as she followed Pepper out of the room.
“But me?” That was not a bleat or a whine, Tony insisted. It was a legitimate question. He started lacing the shit-kicker boots that Natasha had ordered him to wear.
A sigh echoed around them, impatient and frustrated.
Thor straightened up with a proud expression on his face. “I will always strive to be worthy of this honor,” he assured them.
Steve arched an eyebrow at Thor, who sighed. “My brother is filled with guilt,” he confided. “His mischief has wrought damage on both of our realms.”
“Yes, I want that option!” Tony exclaimed. “I didn’t think I had a chance with Steve and now you’re telling me that he actually wants me? Hell to the yes!” He sucked in a breath. It hurt. “I’ve got a feeling that I don’t have much time, though.”
Yeah, definitely a
Bruce sat up. “Would you like me to go?” he asked. “This seems like it should be a private thing.”
“Wasn’t that one of the god’s names?” Bruce asked.
Thor finally got the joke. “Ah, you’re amused because you think I’m referring to my manhood as my hammer.” He beamed at them all. “I’m sure Jane would be the better person to ask.”
“You love me more than life.”
get everything back. I’m broken inside. I’m holding myself together with tape and silly putty. The things I’ve done, they can’t be erased.”
“Right, I'll just go...” he looked around, helpless for a moment, “...somewhere that isn't here.”
“You will work at whatever pace Tony is comfortable.” Pepper wasn’t budging.
Tony pulled him closer, nipped at his lips until Bucky opened his mouth to his kiss. “If you hadn’t been saved to become the scary mother-fucker you became, then I wouldn’t have met you.” He met Bucky’s eyes calmly. “I don’t care about the faceless hundreds you’ve killed. I’m just grateful to have you in my life now.”
Tony waited for the ‘but’. There was
“You’re an asshole,” Clint told him. “Dean is going to eat you alive.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. suggested that I call you,” Steve said.
god.”
“I didn’t know who he was,” Tony reminded him. “I guess we’re going to find out who Cap’s loyal to.”
“You two need to go and fuel those super-soldier bodies,” Tony ordered them. “I have plans for you both.”
“You can tell Natasha that I'm fine,” he said once he'd regained control. Natasha would understand, he thought. She might threaten to eviscerate him later, but she'd understand.
thanks y'all.
Steve clenched his fists. “No.”
Steve didn’t know what to say anymore. He asked the only thing that was important. “You sure you remember me now?”
“There’s nowhere else for us to go.” Something wrenched at Steve’s heart as he said it. “Tony’s offering us refuge.”
Oh yeah, definitely a kink they would have to explore, Tony thought hazily as they took him apart.
“How do we get this vampire?” Sam asked.
“He just dragged me inside,” Bucky said. Steve waited. “I showed up at his door, messed-up and broken, and he just grabbed hold of me and wouldn’t let go.”
“Huh.” Bucky relaxed then. “Hey Steve.”
“Do you happen to know a reaper?” Steve asked.
Bucky looked around. “Tony not back yet?”
know. He knew what it felt like to be afraid of what you could do to other people. He just happened to use his words to hurt. Bruce had a whole other person to take care of things. “But I miss you. Your friends miss you. All you're doing here is hiding.”
Wanda nodded her agreement. “The Captain is many things, but petty isn’t one of them.”
“Enlighten me,” Rhodey prodded.
Bucky could be.
“Because I was afraid I’d hurt more people,” Bruce said. “My turn. Why did you run?”
Tony’s mind went into frantic rat mode.
“Huh.” Tony considered this. “So, when you think about it, about half of the team is going to live for a very long time.” He counted them off, “Thor, Steve, Bucky, Vision, you and me.”
Bucky rolled his eyes and wiped his stomach with the edge of the sheet nearest him. “Your head gets any bigger, we’ll have to build it a room,” he said. He lay down on Tony’s other side, draping his arm across Tony’s chest.
“Perhaps she would understand if we told her of its evil?” Thor sounded doubtful. Tony resolutely refused to think of him as a golden retriever, thanks Bucky, you asshole.
To anyone who reads this a small donation to my gofundme would be much appreciated. For reference $10 = $100 so any amount would make a difference. I have 7 cats to feed & I'd rather they eat than me. I could do with a little starvation https://gofundmesa.co.za/help-cyd-survive-goal-r20-000/
Tony didn’t make another sound, just turned his face into the warm skin of Steve’s neck, chest heaving as he struggled to regain control.
Steve sucked Tony’s tongue into his mouth like it was the best candy he’d ever tasted.
Tony had managed to convince himself that theirs was a platonic relationship based on cerebral similarities. If he ever tried to think about them actually…..ugh.
“Stop staring at his ass,” Pepper hissed.
“Okay.” It was Tony’s turn to agree without arguing. “I’m kind of stupid about you, in case you missed that.”
“How the hell…?” Steve allowed Bucky to pull him to his feet. He looked around and his friends were all in varying states of recovery.
“Need to know,” Fury said blithely.
~o0o~
deal, Stark.” Steve shook his head. “I don’t know why I put up with you.”
“I rather think it does.” It was Hogan who said that, the twang and flattened vowels identifying him as Australian. “Why are you wanting the Accords changed?”
“My mom used to hold me at night sometimes,” Steve said, meeting Bucky’s gaze. “When I was ready to stop fighting, ready to give up.”
“I know we do,” Steve said. “Just not quite sure where to start.”
Tony ached at the familiar, comforting sound of J.A.R.V.I.S.’s voice. He adored his gal F.R.I.D.A.Y., but nobody understood Tony’s absolute desperate need to know where his family was than J did. “Thanks, buddy,” he whispered.
“You fucking dickhead!” Clint spun to glare at Tony. “How many fucking times have we told you not to fucking touch any fucking thing you don’t have a fucking clue about?”
“You could use the stone within me,” Vision offered, lifting a hand to his head.
Steve’s fingers tightened on Tony’s belt, rucking his shirt up a little so that he could touch skin. That tiny contact grounded Tony, preventing him from rupturing.
Jim pulled away as soon as Tony had his arm unfastened. “I’m going for a run,” he said instead, spinning on his heel and leaving the workshop as though Hell was at his heels.
“Where is my favorite boyfriend?” Tony asked. “I’m breaking up with you.”
Steve looked at Tony. “I’m not going anywhere,” he said. He didn’t want to leave Tony. Not while his eyes were still haunted and his skin was damp with sweat.
“Yes, he used an experimental miniature gamma radiation emitter.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. clearly didn’t approve.
Steve met her gaze. “I know you hurt.”
Tony was screwed no matter what answer he gave.
Bruce heaved a sigh. “Your mind is a fascinating place,” he said. “And by that I mean crazy scary.”
“It’s Captain Rogers,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. informed him.
“No.” Tony put a hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. “The time for talking was when you found out that the Winter Soldier killed my parents. We could have cleared the air then. You think I don’t know what a fucked-up life Barnes had?” He pointed at Barnes. “Why the fuck do you think I sent the technology to you to help him?”
Tony collapsed onto the nearest surface as though his strings had been cut. “I think this might be part where we all wake up and find out that this has been a terrible dream.” He looked to where Bucky had vanished. “Shit.”
Dean nodded. “I remember.”
“Whatever.” Tony slid one of his ‘pockets’ open. “Guess it’s Iron Man to the rescue…again.” He pulled out the thin coil of rope.
Thanks again for all the comments & kudos. It is actual fuel for me.
? Tony looked at Bucky, mouthing the word.
“Well, she’d first have to get past JARVIS,” Tony amended, whimpering when she stepped on his foot with a stiletto-sharp heel.
“You are actually five years old,” Bruce told him with an unimpressed look.
“He will know we’re coming,” Loki argued, frowning at Thor.
” Surprisingly, Jörmungandr responded to him.
“That sounds like the title of one of those carnival freak show acts,” Sam muttered.
While I am Team Iron Man all the way, I do understand why Steve reacted the way he did. But I'm still mad at him for not trusting his friend.
“Why?” Tony asked. “I mean you hurt Rhodey and Vision too. Bruce is pretty pissed off at you as well but then he told me I was a dumbass to sign the Accords in the first place so there may not be too much of a problem there.”
“Tony…” Steve held out a hand. Tony twitched away. He didn’t allow the sorrow crossing Steve’s face to touch him.
Tony lifted a hand, tugging at Steve’s hand on his shoulder. He twisted their fingers together as he dropped his chin to Bucky’s shoulder. “He gave himself back to us, Cap.” His smile was fond and his eyes were so very kind.
“I guessed that,” Bucky said as he sat down. “I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable with me.” He looked nervous.
Ross stared at him, mouth agape. “You don’t know anything,” he whispered. “You can’t.”
“You. Need. Sleep.” Steve raised his eyebrows and waggled them a little.
Natasha and Bruce had mobilized the crew, called them and told them that the Avengers Tower was inhabited once more.
Steve remembered Pepper's words from weeks ago. “No,” he admitted. “No, I didn't.”
They both nodded. The kitchen emptied then, Bruce following them, leaving Tony alone with Pepper and Rhodey.
“Nat, Natty, Tasha,” Tony warbled, beaming at her. “Have I ever told you that you’re fucking gorgeous?”
Crowley held up his hands as he skirted a particularly vicious gang rape. “I’m not the one who decides.”
“Heimdall opened the Bifröst for a moment and the news was not good.” Thor dropped a hand over Loki’s shoulder. Steve had to remind himself that they were aliens. And adopted brothers.
Tony glared at him. “That was a drunken confession.” He poked Rhodey in the ribs. “And you swore that you wouldn’t tell anyone.” The only secret Tony had that he wouldn’t ever share with Rhodey, was that he was a time traveller. Tony snorted a small laugh. His goddamn life.
“So, I’ve read the revised Accords and I’ll sign them,” Bucky said. “I agree to the terms of my rehabilitation. Tony Stark will have complete access to my memories using the B.A.R.F. technology and if necessary I will go back under cryogenic suspension again.” He looked at Steve. “That covers my shit. Now, no more excuses, Stevie, Stark. I’m not going to be the reason any of you lose your family.”
“Oh my fucking god!” Rhodey’s voice cracked. “My eyes! I need to wash my eyes out with bleach! Barnes, find me some bleach!”
Steve met Bucky’s gaze and they grinned at each other.
“What?” Tony breathed again, the beginnings of a full-blown panic attack digging its talons into his chest. “What?”
The ride back to the tower was almost completely silent. Happy kept looking at them through the rear view mirror as though he was waiting for something to explode.
Lila gasped. “Like the dinosaur?”
Bruce folded the paper with a nod. “I thought you were going to call me?” He sounded mildly reproving.
Everyone looked at him. Steve frowned. “What do you mean?” he asked.
“The big guy not playing nice?” Happy asked.
“Can we please get back to the issue at hand?” Coulson sounded as though he was standing on his last nerve. And it was jabbing him in the gonads.
“What?”
“I’m getting up,” Steve told Bucky. “I want to check on everyone.”
“That anyone but us will have to do,” Tony finished. “We’ve done the avenging bit, the rest of the spies can take care of the whitewash.” He tilted his chin when Steve looked at him. “I also need to let Pepper know that I’m alive, and not a minion of the Devil.”
Bruce just stared at him and he felt ashamed. “Sorry, Doc,” he muttered.
“Stark’s,” Bucky said. “Last time I saw him he was trying to kill me.”
Tony didn’t let his gaze drop. “I’d say you were lying.”
Tony grinned. “Of course I did, Capsicle. That sort of epic deserves to be shared with your good ole buddy.”
“Of course he does,” Tony said, flapping a hand at Strange’s cape. “God, what is it about animals, babies and capes that makes me irresistible?”
boyfriend!
“Eh,” Tony still sounded as though he’d swallowed helium. “I’ve had worse.” He saw Natasha narrow her gaze. “But a long time ago!” he added hastily. “It involved torture and blood and pain and my heart being ripped out.” He watched her nod in satisfaction, and breathed a sigh of relief.
He went pale. “Nothing.”
“Then you called the wrong team,” Bruce drawled, well under control once more.
“Tony.”
Loki gave a slow nod. “Indeed.” He looked at Tony. “Did you see my son?” Tony wasn’t sure of the emotion behind Loki’s question, but he decided to answer as though Loki was a worried father.
The traitor moved away from Tony's existential crisis and went to sit next to Sam. Tony was revoking the best friend privileges forever. War Machine would
It felt true when he saw Clint lift his shirt and compare bruises with Sam, commiserating over their asses being handed to them.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief as he followed them to the balcony. Wanda and Vision stood on either side of Thor, their hands on his shoulders.
Bucky dropped an arm across his shoulders. “Don’t worry baby, I’ll save you.” His little grin made Tony’s heart skip. Bucky was getting better at letting things go, not obsessing over everything.
“Mm, good thing,” Tony agreed.
Tony wasn’t exhausted
Bucky’s tears were tapering off and he gave a wet-sounding laugh against Steve’s neck. “You’re such a fucking diva,” he murmured.
“What?” Steve didn’t like this new information and it showed in the timbre of his voice. “You didn’t say anything about killing.”
“You’ve obviously thought this through.” Tony could suddenly speak again. “Because I’m sure the big-ass hungry snake is going to stop eating once it’s finished with Earth.”
He glared at all of them, visibly put-out. “Apparently Pepper and my new AI have been colluding behind my back. Again.” He seemed clearly frustrated that he couldn’t get the source of his irritation in his hands. “Stark Tower has been reopened since yesterday.”
“So, in case you don’t know, we have a guest in the tower,” Steve said, looking around the room. The team waited for him to continue. “Apparently Tony came back with a bird he met while he was busy saving the universe.”
“The Soul Stone is by far the most dangerous of all of the Infinity Stones,” Strange began. Steve could understand why the guy annoyed Tony so much with all of the pontificating. “It allows the user to steal, control, manipulate and alter living and dead souls. At full potential, the Soul Gem grants the user control over all life in the universe.”
” Jörmungandr bent at the waist so that he could meet Strange’s eyes.
Sam moved into Rhodey’s quarters, preferring to share the Spartan décor there. The training that Natasha and Steve had been giving them had paid off. They were already a team, close as brothers.
It took him a while to crawl from the bathroom back to his bed. Rhodey sat on the easy chair next to it with a smile that was unhealthily wide. “Still alive, I see?”
“Not that I’m not enjoying being felt up by you, Brucie-bear, but this is getting into awkward boner territory,” Tony drawled and Bruce snatched his hands away with a muttered curse.
It was succinct and concise and terrifying.
And stopped.
“I’m so confused right now,” Rhodey said.
Loki looked hunted. “Um....”
“Better at being an actual human being,” Rhodey shot back. “Tony, I love you like a brother from another mother, but you have issues on top of your issues and it gets a little tiring sometimes.”
Sam nodded. “One of the archangels. Sinned and thrown to earth.”
He staggered out of bed, every muscle aching after pulling an all-nighter with Jarvis. “This had better be an actual, real-life emergency, Jim-boy.” he grumbled into the phone.
The door was shoved open a moment later and a gorgeous red-head walked in. “You ready, babe?” She smiled at Bruce.
FRIDAY saved his life. Upgrades were in her future.
“Why?” Steve began to ask. “Oh, like a therapist.” He nodded. “That’s a really great idea.”
“Okay.” Bruce leaned forward, elbows on his knees. “When it comes to multiple worlds or the multiverse, there is a range of possible observations, each with a different probability.” He looked at them all. Tony made a ‘go on’ gesture. “Now, each of these possible observations corresponds to a different universe. Suppose a six-sided die is thrown and that the result of the throw corresponds to a quantum mechanics observable. All six possible ways the die can fall correspond to six different universes.”
He wasn’t comfortable with gratitude. It made him squirrelly. “I didn’t do anything.”
The epic eyeroll he got in return made him grin. “Your modesty is your most enduring quality,” Bruce said.
Ross took it. “I’ll call you when it’s done.” They shook hands, eyes meeting. “I meant to protect humanity.”
The jet was getting close to Avengers Tower and Steve had to force himself to focus on the mission. That hadn't happened before. He was the man with the plan, the go to guy, Captain America, fuck's sake! He needed to get his head out of his ass and pay attention.
“Was anything you said or did real?” Steve asked, hurting in a way he hadn’t since Tony had told him he didn’t deserve the shield.
“It got better,” Steve said with a little grin. “Little man in a big suit turned out to be the biggest personality I’d ever met. I didn’t know what to do with you, how to handle you.”
him go?” Steve yelled.
“I’m sure I don’t know what that means.” Vision’s countenance was smoothly blank.
“What the hell is he doing there?” Tony demanded. “J, send one of the…”
Tony is
Bruce covered his face, shoulders shaking. “I have no words,” he mumbled into his hands.
“Here goes nothing,” Rhodey murmured.
“Uh…” Bucky sounded about as confused as Tony felt. “Say what?”
“Okay, seriously, what’s going on?” Bruce frowned. “You’re not behaving normally.”
She held up a tablet and pressed play on a video. Tony was standing in front of a hospital, swarmed by reporters.
Pepper reached out to take Tony’s hand. “You almost died flying that nuke into space,” she said. “Why on earth would you believe that any one of us would expect more from you?”
“I need a vacation,” Steve grumbled. “We’re on our way to you. We’ll pick you up in fifteen minutes.” It was Steve’s turn to cut the call.
“Tony is not himself,” Natasha agreed.
Tony pulled a face. “I hate needles, Pep.” The nurse and Pepper ignored him as they strapped him back up to wires and tubes until he looked like something from the Matrix.
He waved at Vision to continue. In the image, Bruce twitched in the chair, flinching at something that only he could see.  Tony waited until the clip got to the point where the memory appeared like a mini film within a film in the middle of the lab. “Pause it there please, Viz,” he asked. “So, B.A.R.F. basically relies on an implant installed on a pair of glasses, the pair you see there on Dr. Banner’s face. The implant connects with the user's hippocampus, allowing it to find a certain traumatic memory and alter it before projecting that memory onto an external infrastructure.” He paused. “Through the altered projection, the user is able to successfully re-experience and hopefully work through overcoming traumatic experiences. What you’re about to see is Dr. Banner re-experiencing what he felt was the worst moment of his time as the Hulk.” He nodded to Vision one last time.
“Steve?” Natasha’s voice snapped him out of the memory.
Bruce came in a moment later. “I’ve put him in restraints,” he said, almost apologetically. “I’m not sure how he’s going to react to the sedative with the remnants of Matilda’s venom still probably in his blood stream.”
“From the future, remember?” he snarled. She recorded every conversation in the tower, apart from in the suites, so Tony knew that she knew.
Bucky tugged at Tony’s tee. “Want to check you over,” he said, pulling it up and over his head. Steve made it a little more difficult because he didn’t want to let Tony go.
The councilors took seats around the table, Hawley opposite Tony. Each of them had a copy of the ratified Accords in front of them, amendments marked with bright post-it notes.
“What do you want from me?” Tony asked Steve then. He was starting to fidget under that penetrating gaze.
“Yup.” He nodded. “Formerly the Winter Soldier, now he’s a real boy.”
Bruce flushed bright red, dropping his face into his hands. “Oh my god, Tony, remember where you are and show at least a
Then Tony. Burning bright, staccato sentences pouring from him as he paced or worked. Tony was the sun around which they all revolved. Steve hadn’t known that until the moment that Pepper had told Tony they would be okay. They would never be okay without him. He just had to find a way to tell him, to show him, to make sure that nothing bad ever happened to Tony again.
Tony took back his favorite status.
Tony pulled Steve down to him, kissing him. “But that day is going to come anyway,” he said. “You’re all Mr. Superserum, and I’m just a regular guy with a fake ticker.”
“Cyclops.” Tony went for casual, but nothing about Fury was casual.
“I am happy to see that you are working through your sorrow as well, my friends.” Thor sighed. “I have just come to tell you that I may return to Midgard for a while.”
“I’m working on it,” Tony assured them, the tiny spark of hope in their eyes more than he could deal with right now. “I need you and Thor to corral Barton and bring him home.” He met Natasha’s gaze. “He’s out of control.”
Bucky’s smile was bright and mischievous. It was the first time Steve believed that Bucky was on his way back to him. In every way.
However, as with everything, Thor did whatever the hell Thor wanted. “Only beings of immense power can wield the stones. It is why my Jane almost died when exposed to the Aether.”
“But you let her stay with us, you never said anything.” Natasha sounded as though she was getting angry.
“Because, as much as people said they were all about me, they aren’t.” Tony knew his words were bitter. “There are many more superhumans out there than just the Avengers.” He stood, Vision taking a step back. “The X-Men, the Fantastic Four, the hundreds of kids at Charles Xavier’s special school.” He rolled his shoulders. “The UN wants the Accords signed by all of us. But they won’t sign it. None of them will unless things are changed.”
Tony leaned against the back wall of the elevator, hands shoved in his pockets and eyes fixed on Steve.
“The Colonel is doing some physiotherapy with Derek,” Friday said. “Mrs. B and Lady Boss are in the study going through some paperwork. Doc is in his laboratory doing something that I think might either blow us all up, or give us all superpowers.”
“The last time I went up there,” he waved an arm towards the sky, “I sort of almost died.”
“Is there anything about how to kill it?” Coulson asked, ignoring them. Trust Agent to get to the heart of the matter.
Steve and Bucky were both examining him urgently a moment later. “Is it painful?” Steve asked, moving his chin from side to side. Tony wasn’t entirely sure what he was looking for.
Tony smiled. “How do you know me, toots?”
“To be perfectly honest, I’m a little stir-crazy,” Steve admitted. “With nothing to do, no-one to save, and no plan to set things right, I just want to get out of here for a bit.”
Thor shook his head. “I was banished before I could tell my friends of his deception. And the Bifrost has been closed to me since.”
Rhodey deliberately looked between the three of them. “Hey, it’s your life, crazy person. I’m just going to sit back and watch the show.”
“So you called Vision?” Tony was confused.
Clint, Natasha and Sam were draped artistically over the sofas in the living room when he walked inside, studiously avoiding looking at them. Steve had no doubt they'd been watching what was going on with him and Bucky.
Steve nodded. “I keep saying shit that gets me into trouble.” He smiled. “Tony’s been great about keeping me up to date with things.” Tony had been a godsend. Everyone else tried to keep him ignorant. Tony had refused to toe that party line.
Bruce took a step towards him and then stopped when Natasha took his hand. “Sorry, Tony,” he shrugged. “A guy has to have his priorities.”
Sam’s gaze went to the bed. He walked over and shook the phone out of it. “What’s this?” he asked, holding it up to Steve.
Sam thought for a moment. “I kinda get what you’re saying. The dude who comes into the kitchen at six am in grease and ratty clothes, begging for coffee, isn’t quite who I was expecting.”
gets a kiss. And then they eat. Also the strange habits of Asgardian gods is discussed.
Bucky walked slowly back to him. “This isn’t about you, Steve.” And this time his tone was kind. “This is about me. What
“Oh hell no,” Dean said. “A thousand nopes and then another ten thousand.”
Tony started pacing. “The world had seen what happened in New York. Not our fault, but we were a big part of the mess that was left to clean up. Then Sokovia. God, I blame myself for Sokovia. Ultron was my fault. Me and my fears for what could be expected of us in the future. And Johannesburg. That was the final nail in our coffin. It was why Ross could get the Accords ratified so quickly.
“If you think you’re rusty, I can go a few rounds with you,” she offered, turning for one last glare at Steve. “Do it!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thor took him.” Natasha pulled Bucky off Tony. “Stop that.”
“You okay?” Sam nudged him with a shoulder, breaking into his thoughts.
Bruce’s lips quirked, but it didn’t erase the worry from his eyes. “Tony, you stopped breathing for almost two minutes.”
He turned on his heel, leaving Steve to his thoughts. Everything was so messed up. Steve hadn’t realized just how much of the burden of leadership Tony had shared. Those broad shoulders had helped Steve to bear a load that felt overwhelming to him right now.
“I have twenty dollars to reclaim,” Tony protested, waving a hand towards the island. “That old lady will not...”
Wanda vibrated as she stood, gaze wide and discerning. “You made this home for your family,” she said, looking at Tony with those too perceptive eyes.
Bruce rolled his eyes. “You’re both hilarious,” he drawled. “Should be in stand-up comedy.” He went to one of the computers and keyed something in. “I’ve programmed the gamma rays to concentrate on the areas of your brain where the nanites are nesting.”
thanks to the fabulous
“Stop.” Sam held up a hand and Tony was far too amused to note that his two army boys halted to attention. So much teasing to come later, he thought.
“I’ve been waiting about a hundred years,” Steve protested over his shoulder. “You should be happy for me! It’s your duty as a best friend!”
When they'd first met, Tony had pushed and prodded at him with words, the way he'd prodded Bruce with the tazer pen. Tony still had a habit of poking at things, like a bruise that wouldn't heal.
Steve cocked his head. “You did.”
Tony's gaze narrowed. “Fragile,” he repeated.
Tony yawned. “I used to be tanked-up most of the time,” he said around his hand. “It took being kidnapped and having my heart replaced by a machine to cure that particular pastime.” He had a feeling that none of them were actually as plastered as they appeared. They were all too aware of the job that lay ahead of them.
Tony personally thought this was a bad idea. “What if he wants to collect them?” He waved his hand at Vision and Wanda.
“Hey,” Tony greeted him, turning away to grab the tie, looping it over his neck.
“Wait, what?” Tony sputtered. “We’re not like that!”
“I know I can’t remember what I did yesterday, but I definitely remember that.”
“I was terrified,” Steve admitted. He met Tony’s surprised gaze. “Bucky was the only link to my past and he appeared to be a murderer. In the eyes of the world, he was.”
him well?”
They all stayed seated. Fury lifted his head. “I’m serious, you fuckers! Get out of my building!”
He felt Steve’s hand come up to cup the back of his head, holding him in place. He
Oh my god.....how did my life come to this.
Steve’s smile was painfully sweet for a guy who was about to be thoroughly debauched. “I think you have the bigger bed,” he said.
“I do,” Tony said.
After.
Hulk frowned down at him. “Stupid Tony.”
Yeah, Bucky sure had a way with words, Tony thought, trying not to sulk.
Tony beamed. “Oh, you are evil,” he chuckled. “I like you the best. This should be fun.” Clint grinned back at him. Totally his favorite.
Sam crouched down in front of them, staring at Clint. “Why didn’t you call me?” he asked. “Why didn’t you tell us?” His eyes were multi-colored. Every angle of light seemed to bring out another color. Tony was a little bit fascinated.
Bucky’s shoulders shook.
The Quinjet started to drop, heading for a smooth patch of lawn in front of an enormous house. Steve took a deep breath.
“Can we please get this show on the road?” Tony asked. “I’d like to be home in time to catch the latest episode of Masterchef Australia.”
Vision visibly puffed up. “I am
~~~~~~
“What made you think of that?” Bruce asked very gently.
“That way,” Sam pointed towards the deepest part of the dead trees.
fears. It is natural that he panicked when he was shown a future where love was real and true.”
“They’ll still keep looking for the rest of us.” Steve rolled off the bed, going to crouch at her feet. He took her hands, trying to ignore the ropes of scarlet that twisted around his wrists. “I won’t let you do this. You chose to follow me because you were afraid of what the government would do to you.”
” Tony blinked. Okay Jörmungandr totally won the fucked-up parent stakes. At least Howard had just sent him away.
to die,” he declared.
“I’m on my way.” Tony scrubbed at his hands, trying to get rid of the oil that seemed to cling to his skin.
“You can lean any fucking time you want, you giant baby,” Rhodey told him. “It’s just, like, when you were with Pepper, you were better, calmer, happier. That’s what I want for you
“Nope. Non. Nada. Nyet. You get your ass back on that plane and keep your buddy company.” Tony’s gaze flicked over to where Steve was standing. “I’ve done what I can for you.”
“This is treason,” Ross told them. He looked over to Xavier. “You’ll let this happen?” he asked.
Everyone stared at him. “What?” he asked. “I read.” He nodded at Bucky. “Barnes loaded those Supernatural books onto my Kindle.”
“Tony, that’s amazing,” Steve whispered. “Thank you.”
Rhodey collapsed onto a sofa with a groan. “What I would give for a beer right now.”
“None.” Dean lied with a straight face. “Adam’s not really our brother anyway.”
Steve was shocked. “But he didn’t say anything to any of us!”
“Stealth walk?” Bruce came into the study and flopped onto the sofa beside Tony. “Who are you complaining about now?”
“See, that’s just wrong.” Bucky’s voice broke into Tony’s reverie.
Bucky nodded. “Still just flashes, but I’m getting an idea of who we were back then.” He smiled at Steve, open and beautiful.
the wire then. It needs to be cut. And as soon as possible.” Vision looked at Thor. “Will you be able to destroy the Mind Stone, Thor Odinson?”
“I’m going to be on you like white on rice for the next few days,” Bucky added, using his own eyes with remarkable effect.
Tony’s head thunked back against the pillow. “The boys are back?” he asked.
“I…Buck…” Steve’s fingers clenched on Bucky’s shoulders. “Are you sure?” Please god, let him be sure, Steve prayed.
And there was the Loki Steve wanted to punch in the face several times. With Thor's hammer.
Bruce sighed. “But we’re talking about the Devil.” He took off his glasses and scrubbed at his face. “A religious construct used to terrify people in the Middle Ages.”
help a little old lady over the road even if he was thirty sheets to the wind.”
Steve shuddered.
Clint waved a hand. “It was just a thought.”
“That’s something that he and Wilson are planning?” Natasha asked.
He gave up pretty quickly after that. It wasn’t that he was stupid, the serum hadn’t just transformed his body after all, but Tony and Bruce thought at a speed that was constantly astonishing.
“Okay. Ow!” Bucky poked at Bruce with one finger. “Next time a little warning?”
Rhodey ran a hand over his head. “I guarantee that Tony has blocked the trauma so that he can deal with this. But you’re going to have to handle the fall-out after the fact.”
friends right?”
“Bound to happen eventually,” Wilson said. “I mean, he’s dealing with you and Barnes on a daily basis.”
Bruce grunted at him, accepting a shirt and trousers from Laura. “Thank god you created these pants, Tony. Thanks for not making me go naked.”
Thor tapped his chin. “It was most peculiar. They asked me what one called a man who had neither arms nor legs, but could still play that instrument you call the piano.” He frowned. “It is much like the harpsichord on Asgard,” he informed a confused looking Loki.
He ran his fingers through the water, watching as the fish raced up to nibble at the salt on his fingertips. Maybe it was time for him to clear the air with the team. The team he’d left to Tony and who’d followed him into exile anyway because they trusted him.
Tony expected to feel uncomfortable. But with Bruce warming one side and Bucky warming the other, he felt pretty comfortable. He'd even put the suit away, agreeing to fly in the jet with the team. Bonding exercise.
“I believe you are correct,” Vision replied. His eyes were fixed on the formulas scrolling across the screens.
Rhodey tells Steve his fortune. Tony escapes his priso...hospital room and runs into someone unexpected. Steve
“Not over this line,” T’Challa said. “The General Assembly has taken a recess to consider the changes to the Sokovia Accords that have been proposed by Mr. Stark. We will be voting tomorrow. Your package will arrive in the morning.”
“Who’s coming?” Tony asked, side-stepping Steve’s observation. He did that a lot. Steve wasn’t going to let it slide for too much longer. Tony needed to talk. Even if it was just to him.
“Try,” Steve urged.
“You need to leave.” Pepper stood in front of Steve, arms folded. “I don’t think this is a good idea. Not yet, anyway.”
of my friends and that failure will haunt me forever.”
Tony pressed a kiss to Nate’s head, breathing in the unmistakable smell of baby. “Clint is an idiot. We’ve established this over several bottles of exceptional red wine. But he isn’t a traitor.” He pondered his words in a way that he wouldn’t have done before everything fell apart. “He’s not made to be a farmer. A civilian. He’s made to do good, to make changes in the world. I don’t think any of us thought about the results of him standing down from the Avengers.”
“So what's the point?” Bucky asked. “Why bother even trying?” Steve couldn't imagine some of the things he'd done. Didn't
“Right?” Clint looked up at the chair and then back down again. “You know, I thought we’d seen just about everything weird that the Pegasus galaxy could throw at us. This one, this takes the prize.”
Clint and Natasha were both at the controls now, scanning the infra-red images of the ocean bed. “There.” Clint pointed at a shadow.
“It’s the hair,” Tony said, gazing down at his hand and watching the gauntlet ooze in and out of his skin in a disturbingly creepy way. “She looks so sweet but she’s the devil.”
And up.
The bitch of it was that he was being completely sincere. Steve had seen humanity as a whole and wanted to fix it. Instead, thanks to Tony, they’d almost broken it beyond compare.
“Ow.” Tony grinned at him.
“And on that note,” Pepper said, “I’m off.”
he’d missed Steve until now. “I mean I don’t even miss Pepper,” he babbled.
Natasha slipped into the chair next to him. “They tried.”
“Huh.” Tony considered it, not looking down at his feet. “That’s something that could be pretty useful.”
He watched them leave, partly worried that he’d made a bad call, and the other half a little jealous that they got to do something other than wait.
“What is the thing you most wish for in the world, Tony Stark?” This time the voice was insistent, demanding an answer.
Which as quandaries go, wasn’t actually a quandary per se. It was more of a situation. A situational situation if you will.
“I think that’s hilarious,” Sam said from his chair. “I don’t think your boyfriend has got the memo that you’re a badass crazy assassin person yet.”
“That’s not what I was going to say,” Steve muttered. “I wanted to say that I didn’t mean to kiss you without your permission. That was rude.”
Tony swallowed hard. Every type of sexual sadism was on display, from whips and chains, to ropes and hooks. And not one single soul cried out in anything but agony.
“He’s right,” Dean said, suddenly more serious than Tony could remember seeing him. “Purgatory is a shithole.”
Tony and Bucky have a long-overdue conversation. Tony makes his appointment, along with a couple of friends
“It’s not exactly socially acceptable to discuss your … hammer in polite company,” Tony hedged.
Tony thought he might puke. “You owe me
“Please, Tony, just be careful,” Steve asked. “We know what Loki is capable of.”
to wear!”
“Look at you,” Rhodey said with a grin. “Full of handy ideas today.”
Sam handed the notebook back. “Tony asked me to spend some time with Barnes.” The words were casual, but his eyes were anything but.
Tony rubbed at his nose. “Eh, it’s my own fault for not watching where I was going.”
Tony forced his eyes open. “Steve?”
“Hi,” Tony replied, bringing his arms around Steve’s waist. “You look happy to see me.” He waggled his eyebrows obnoxiously.
“I have no fucking idea what you’re dealing with,” Tony admitted. “But I’m going to try my best to.”
Tony watched Steve’s face. He was completely gutted at what he was seeing; every emotion he was feeling telegraphed on his face. “Babe, keep it together,” he said, keeping his voice low. “It’s Hell, not a holiday camp. They’re not nice people.”
“She said that Matilda is one of the Ascended,” Clint said. Steve sat in his chair, waiting for the rest, the bit that Clint would not share before.
He grabbed her into a hug. “I’m never late, Melinda. You’re always just too fucking early!”
The sounds that Tony made were pornographic. He watched Tony close his eyes, humming around the length of Steve’s cock. The vibration almost made Steve come right there. Only Tony’s strong fingers wrapping around the base of his cock and squeezing stopped him.
“I don’t know what to say.” Steve slipped to the ground, Tony still held carefully in his embrace.
He walked, face-first, into a big, open hand. “Stop.” Steve sounded amused.
Bucky waved a hand. “Trust me; I’m absolutely not left out.”
Steve flinched. “It’s for Lucifer, for Set, the Cage.” His voice shook.
Steve’s mouth curved even as his eyes twinkled. “Now, that would be just dumb, Tony.”
Steve, while amused at his team’s antics, was still wondering what had woken him. Bucky leaned into him. “What was it?” he murmured, obviously thinking about it as well.
Barnes?” Rhodey sounded scandalized. And a little titillated.
“About the circumstances of my escape?” Tony asked, grinning when Coulson looked like he’d swallowed a frog.
Steve reached up with his other hand and booped Tony on the nose. “Sorry, I forgot you were a manly man who mans in a manly way.”
This wasn’t a battle they could win. He’d learned from a very young age to pick the ones to win and then annihilate the opposition. He wanted to destroy Crowley and Hell and everything it stood for, but the Universe needed balance and this place of persecution and torment was clearly a part of a Plan that he wasn’t privy to.
Bruce glanced over at him. “About?” Wind had left about half an hour ago, declaring his intent to explore this new realm.
“If I may, Mr. Barnes?” F.R.I.D.A.Y. broke into the conversation.
“Bucky…” Tony mumbled into her skin.
“You’ve met him?” Clint asked. “You said something earlier about Lucifer trying to take you away.”
Tony glared at her. “Why is he here on an
Bruce looked over at the television. “What has Steve done?” he whispered.
He’d ignored his phone, his comm-link and all forms of social media. He just didn’t want to deal with people right now. He tinkered in the workshop on the lower floor of the tower, marveling at how much had changed in just two short years.
“Uh-huh.” Tony still wasn’t sure where Steve was going with this. He glanced over at Rhodey and Sam who both wore expressions that looked remarkably like horror. He could practically see Sam wanting to clamp a hand over Steve's mouth.
“We can’t just let him do that, can we?” Sam leaned closer to Steve, muttering under his breath.
“Bucky’s not quite…” Steve struggled to get the words out.
“Do you have a galvanized throat?” Dean asked, clearly reluctantly impressed as he filled the cup again.
Rhodey slung an arm across his shoulders. “You’d be bored in a day,” he assured him.
“It doesn't change how I feel.” Steve wasn't lying about that. He wasn't.
talk about talking.”
“Nothing.” Clint wasn’t too proud to hide behind Natasha.
” Skurge replied. He leaned down. “
“I apologize for presuming,” Coulson said, sounding anything but apologetic. “My concern was to get here as quickly as possible.”
Civil War. Steve chooses Bucky. Tony lets him go. Liar.
“Show a little respect, dickhead,” Bucky said, shoveling a forkful into his mouth. “It was Clint’s wife’s.”
“Good talk,” Tony said, spinning on his heel and walking out without waiting for the other two.
“Matilda hasn't always been a not-cat,” Clint said, finally passing Steve's notebook back to him. “She used to be an Asgardian, one of Thor's people, and when the Wraith came, she hid away.”
“Buck…” Tony felt helpless in the face of making such a fuck-up. “It was a joke.”
“Not going to happen. I won’t leave.” Bucky leaned forward too, his forehead against Tony's. “I don’t ever want to leave.”
Steve’s throat closed. Bucky spoke so casually of what Hydra had done to him…had done to them, that it made him ill.
Singh replied, “Not if it was your switch.” They both flinched as one of the SHIELD agents handed Pierce a gun. Pierce pointed it at Singh and Tony sucked in a breath. Suddenly Councilwoman Hawley kicked Singh out of the way, taking down the other SHIELD agents in the room before disarming and pointing the gun at Pierce
But Steve didn’t care. He walked towards Tony, fists clenched. “Is it you?” he asked, voice scratched and throat raw.
mature bone in his body. “You want me to join you and Bucky in a relationship that would involve the three of us. Together. As a threesome. Together?” Saying it out loud made it even less believable.
“The ways of the Force,” was Vision's blithe reply.
He smiled and looked away, slamming into the accusing gaze of one Steven Grant Rogers who looked like he'd like to kill him and then roast his carcass on a spit. He tried to pull away from Bucky.
Gasping, his forehead resting against the porcelain seat, he wondered when he’d eaten carrots last night.
“What the actual fuck?”
“Vision being here, with us, you know.” Tony waved a hand around as he sought the right words. “It just feels strange because it used to be you and me and….”
Her lips thinned and she turned to talk to someone that Tony couldn’t see. “Something’s wrong.”
Tony chuckled then. “God, we were idiots.” A choked sob escaped. “And for fucking what?”
“Together?” Tony asked.
“I’m up!” Tony declared, launching himself off the bed. “Places to go, Satan to kill.” He hustled to the bathroom, aware that he was trailed by Steve and Bucky. He handed them each a disposable toothbrush, passing the toothpaste over when he’d put his own on.
“Sure you are,” Clint said. “How many assistants have you been through this year?”
“What?” Bruce lifted his head, eyes keen. “You’re thinking…?”
Bruce gaped at him. “What?” He blinked. “How? What?”
Tony turned his head to look at hm. “Because if you
They found Barnes buying plums in a market in Bucharest. Steve held up his hands. “Do you know me?”
She smiled. “That’s a mouthful.”
Clint seemed to shake himself awake. “Yeah.” His voice was hoarse. “Haven’t been home in a while.”
A decision, a conversation, an announcement
“Yeah, you will.” Bucky’s voice had them looking up. He was leaning against Sam, an arm draped across his shoulders. “We both will.”
He turned the box around to show Steve the orb. It looked like a metallic version of the arc reactor. “What do you think?”
About half an hour later Tony zeroed in on a spot. “And if my name isn’t Tony Stark then that’s it.” He plunged down towards the ocean, not stopping as he dived into the sea, focused on finding his target.
“And I will go too.” Vision’s calm tone overrode Steve’s concern. “It will be a show of force to the Collector.”
“You are such a soft touch, you loser.” Bruce bumped his shoulder. “I bet you told him he could buy her back when he got the cash.”
“Well then, I see I missed the pity party.” Tony’s wry voice had them all looking towards the elevators. He was practically vibrating.
about that stupid ‘language’ thing?” Steve really wanted to pout because that joke had become so old it was geriatric.
“It is better this way,” Strange told them. “I am aware that the last time Tony Stark went into space it was a traumatic experience for him.”
Steve smiled too. The team was together. There was harmony between them. He was ready to face whatever came next.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y., what’s the nearest landmass?” he asked, turning back up towards the surface again.
“Thor takes a little getting used to,” Tony admitted.
It had been a lonely life for Bruce Banner since he'd been bombarded with gamma radiation and become a one-man green wrecking machine. The formation of the Avengers had offered him a touch of normalcy, and then it had been taken away from him again. Tony intended that this time, Bruce wouldn’t leave.
“How does it work?” Tony asked, trying to keep the panic pressed down.
“So, you’re putting us as far away from Tony as possible,” Natasha said. They were looking around them as they walked. Steve spotted several priceless artworks on walls that were light blue and green swirls that seemed to be oceans of color guiding their way.
“Side drawer. Lube. No condom,” Tony said.
He was jealous as hell and he had no idea how this had happened. It didn’t make sense. Nothing felt like it made sense anymore.
“You told him where we were?” Sam sounded afraid. Steve hated that his friend was afraid.
“Nah,” he said, standing. “I’m okay, just what the kids today call a brain fart.”
“Have any of you ever heard about Project Rebirth?” Tony asked apropos of nothing.
“You know, for a smart guy, you don't speak so great.” Bucky's smile turned predatory. “It's kinda cute that I make you lose your words.”
“Tony,” Steve said, stepping closer and resting a hand on his arm. “Who am I?”
“I can’t believe that it worked and that you’re here, back home, with us.” Steve’s arms were tight around Tony.
“You seemed pretty busy with your...” Tony stopped, clearly censoring himself, “Reunion.”
Tony pulled one arm away from Pepper and picked Lila up, putting her on his lap. “That’s exactly right,” Tony said. “I can’t believe how smart you are about some things.” His chest loosened, air moving into his lungs normally again.
“We should leave.” Thor seemed to realize that Vision’s words had hurt them. He raised Mjolnir and called the lighting.
“Tony.” It was Bruce who made Tony halt his tirade. Bruce who tried so very hard to stay calm, to not let his monster out unless he was needed. “Vision is right. It’s the smart thing to do.”
Bucky shook his head. His hair tickled Tony’s nose, and he blew it out of his face. “It’s not the same.”
“I don’t say things I don’t mean.” Steve watched him, eyes steady and sure on Tony’s face.
“And of course, it’s all about you, Barnes,” Sam drawled. “Would you like us to step over you?”
Thor’s flinch was minute enough that if Steve hadn’t been staring at him, he’d have missed it. “I’m not sure what you mean, Lady Pepper.” He appeared shifty enough, that even with Matilda in his arms, Steve automatically stepped towards the door. Not that it would do any good against Thor. The guy was
“So noted.” Strange waved a hand at him. “Go on, now.”
Steve never trusted that look. It was a herald to having his ass handed to him.
Steve glared at him. “I’m rethinking you being out of cryo,” he said.
Tony held out a hand. “Feeling lonely, Buck?”
It never failed to amaze Tony that all it took to immobilize someone was the power of Xavier’s mind. Richards moved away, still keeping within grabbing distance of Ross. Tony approved. He’d always been a slippery sonofabitch.
Tony skipped out of Rhodey’s range. “Only if you can catch me!”
“Tony?” Wanda’s voice broke into the silence.
He gritted his teeth and went into the small office at the back of the lab. The sofa was long enough for him to lie there in comfort, and the messy blanket was evidence of a night’s sleep on it. He lay down, throwing an arm over his eyes. “Everything has changed,” he murmured to himself. “New people added to the mix, Coulson back before the last time, Ross apparently capable of reason….” He sighed. “So when is the shit going to hit the fan? And how much of it is going to be my fault?”
“No!” Tony waved him in. “The headmistress was just leaving.”
TLDR....I hope you enjoy
Loki flinched, curling inwards. “Uh...”
fucking hot.
Tony snorted. “If a deadly praying mantis who can fuck you and then murder you afterwards is your idea of perfect, then totally.”
Steve nudged his shoulder. “So are you, Tasha, Bruce, even Clint.” He smiled ruefully. “I forgot that when I stopped listening to Tony.”
Tony stomped into the shower, muttering under his breath about super soldiers and their lack of respect. He stepped beneath the waterfall of water, turned to the perfect temperature a moment later. “I’m breaking up with both of you!” he yelled over the water.
Tony was pretending to sleep. Well, he
“No?” It wasn’t convincing.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know, Tony. The guy in that flashy red and gold suit would have been looking for a fix already.”
Barnes stared into the swirling amber liquid in his hand. “I…” He looked up at Tony then and it was all Tony could do not to recoil. The endless agony in those eyes was more than anyone should have to bear.
She smiled at him, a tiny thing, but each one was more genuine than the last. They were finally getting back to the friendship that their break-up had almost destroyed.
Bucky snorted a laugh into his coffee, shoulder to shoulder with Steve. Looking with his newly enlightened eyes at the dynamic between them, Tony could see that Bucky leaned in a little closer than Steve did, looked at Steve a little longer, touched him a little more.
“Whoah.”  He almost over-balanced craning his neck. “That is trippy.”
Natasha nudged him with a pointy elbow. “He’ll be okay,” she said. “You didn’t plan this.”
Tony shook his head slowly. “Nope. That’s not entirely true,” He kept out of arms reach. “Something doesn’t make sense, and it’s not just your sudden, unending desire for my admittedly fine ass.” He spun in a slow circle around the room, making sure to inspect as much as he could. “This is all wrong.” He felt his heart racing. The arc reactor faltered in his chest and panic set in. “This isn’t my workshop.”
Steve glared at him.
why Tony created Ultron.” Clint was as merciless. He’d lost the most of them all.
“We need all of the facts, Rhodey.” Steve looked at him. “You know better than to run in half-cocked. You are
“I detected a reference to the death of Mr. Stark’s parents,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “It appears that their death was not accidental.”
Wanda had fallen asleep in the copilot’s chair. She’d taken one look at Bruce and nodded. Steve hoped that meant that Wanda could help Bruce.
Ross flinched again, this time it seemed directed inward. “That wasn’t what I intended it to be.”
Tony jabbed him with a finger. “Hey! Worst boyfriend ever.”
“Buck…” Steve reached out with his other hand, rested his palm on the nape of Bucky’s neck. “If anyone rates a small slice of happiness, then it’s you.”
“I don’t want a cent,” Tony repeated. “That arm, state of the art awesome that it is, was a gift to you.”
Bucky frowned. “Seriously? You’re not fucking around with me?” he asked. The entire group shook their heads.
Steve smiled. “Occasionally I do.” He watched Clint’s face. “What else did she say?”
get another upgrade.
Bruce nodded. “It was a scaled serpent coiled with its tail in its mouth.”
“Nope.” Tony started pulling at the sensors and needles attached to various parts of his body. “Whatever Vision can’t find, J.A.R.V.I.S. will.” He ignored the increased alarms going off.
“This.” Tony lifted his eyes and stared into those endless blue mirrors into Steve’s soul. “Us. Being like this.”
“Yes, and I’m hoping he’s brought whatever magical doo-dad you need to heal my friend,” Steve said. The transporter was taking too long and he tapped his fingers against his thigh, counting the seconds. “You said that you’re in my debt.”
“I made a strategic retreat.” Tony was sticking with that.
It made something clench in Steve’s chest to know that Tony had made the kitchen such an important part of this home. It had been the informal gathering place for all of them back in the tower. The new base had never quite felt like a home, the way this place, after less than a day, did.
Bruce nodded. “You’ve got a nice singing voice, Cap.”
Bruce sighed. “I’m so grateful some days that you decided not to procreate.” He was smiling though.
“Together,” Steve agreed and wrapped his hand around Tony’s.
And Natasha went; one last gaze back across her shoulder. “There’s no fixing this, is there?”
Bucky’s arms came around him from behind, and Tony let his body sag against Bucky’s. “But at least you know I’m
“Tony, I can't.” Bruce's face twisted. Tony took a cautious step back. And then breathed a sigh of relief. Turned out it was just Bruce, not the Other Guy. “I'll put you all in danger.”
“Ow.” Bruce righted himself, meeting Natasha's eyes. “First one's for free. Second time, I bring in reinforcements.”
Bucky grinned, following him down. He knelt over Tony, bracketed him with his arms. “Genius at sleep had better happen in the next few minutes.” He leaned in, pressed a kiss against Tony’s mouth.
Fury and Maria were waiting for them when they landed. “We have a problem.”
“Not going to have a look at what the king of the gods has given you?” Clint asked.
“Shut the fuck up and run,” Steve growled. Something in his face must have made Loki rethink his position because he picked up the pace at once.
~o0o~
“I’ve had enough scientists poking at me for several hundred lifetimes,” Bucky said. “You want my blood; you’re going to have to kill me for it.”
“Hey!” Dean stomped over to Tony, Sam hurrying after him. Definitely holding him back, Tony thought. “What. The fuck. Was. That?”
“Tony.” Bruce's voice brought him back to the present with a thump. He was sitting on the tree staring at Tony.
She smacked his forehead lightly when he rested his head on her thigh. “Don’t be an ass. Of course we were.”
“Just do as I ask, please Stark,” Strange begged. “If there is only one time that you just do and don’t question, let it be this one time.”
Tony pulled back from Steve, moved away so that he was standing by Doctor Strange. “It’s more like ‘Auf Wiedersehen,” he said, feeling a sick little twist in his stomach as he tried to put his happy face on.
He turned to Thor. “Let us get it done.”
“Barnes, I rescind all invitations. You’re no longer welcome in my bed.” Tony poked at Bucky’s shoulder with a pointy finger.
“The stasis pods were not built for jamming people in and out of them willy-nilly,” Steve said.
didn’t notice Steve stepping in front of Bucky as Loki’s attention turned to him.
Tony sagged in Steve’s arms, not even trying to pretend that he wasn’t losing his shit. “Steve.” The word was a plea, a sob, a scream.
Skurge nodded. “
“Eat some food,” Bucky told him.
Bucky was a dead weight against him, sorrow making his sleep deep. Tony kept his arms around him. Guarded his slumber as Steve had done.
Steve shivered, a horrible sense of being encased in ice once more. This time though, he wasn’t left to wait for rescue.
Steve could not have done a single thing even if the entire universe depended on it. Tony was kissing him and he didn’t care if the world burned down.
Steve remembered then that despite her deadly skillset, her cold exterior, her icy self-control, she was still a woman before all else. A human being with feelings and emotions that, even though they constantly, ruthlessly shoved down, were bound to come to the surface occasionally.
“No.” He turned him to look at him. “I don’t want to let you touch him, Pete. That’s not Viz anymore.” Steve tensed. There was something in the pitch of Tony’s voice, something that Steve knew meant he was barely holding on. For the sake of this skinny, gangly,
~~~O~~~~
“Wanda warned me.” Tony ignored her words. “She showed me, years ago, what the consequences of my actions with Ultron would be. She showed me standing in front of all my friends, their bodies at my feet.”
And vanishing.
“It’s the reason I’m here,” Tony explained. “It was mostly my fault and now I can stop it before it starts.”
Also the fuck at the end of the chapter is apparently going to remain a thing for now.
“I sold the farm,” Clint confessed. “It wasn’t a home anymore.”
There was a brief silence that told Tony F.R.I.D.A.Y. was computing his words.
“So much of no.” Tony reached out to stroke a hand over Wind’s feathers. “And now that you’re here, there’s another bit of information that I have to share with you.” He looked guilty, Steve thought. And Tony looking guilty usually meant something had been destroyed.
“I believe the term is bisexual, Tony,” Steve remonstrated. “I didn’t think you were the sorta guy who tried to fit people into a box.”
“Thank you,” Coulson said.
Bucky snorted. “Please, he’d have been staring down his nose at us, judging us all for our lack of self-control.”
“We discovered how she had been deceiving us,” Steve said. “We didn’t know about what she’d shown Tony, that she’d made him see that he would be the death of us all.”
“You killed Death?” Bucky didn’t seem able to let that thought go. Bruce looked almost concussed with surprise.
“And someone managed to steal the Tesseract from the vaults of Asgard,” Thor added.
“How did you…?” He sighed. “Ugh. You’re both terrible people,” he whined. “Can’t you just accept I hate an anxiety attack, and leave it at that?”
“Is my crystal being violated?” Tony asked as he headed over to them.
“What thing?” Natasha asked. “And why didn’t I know about it?”
“God, no.” Bruce shook his head vigorously. “I think Vision and I have about five or six hours of work here before we'll need your unique ability to see the universe.” He smiled at Tony so show that he was okay.
Sam coughed to disguise his laugh.
Tony shook his head. “No, Pep, please, this is your house too.”
Bucky shook his head. “I’m messed up, Stevie. The Asset is still in my head and I don’t get to make choices for anyone here. I ran with you because I had nowhere else to go.”
Steve stared at Bucky. “I was outside for five minutes!”
“You are ridiculously perfect, you do know that right?” Tony said through masticated cheese and ham.
“Let’s be real here,” Tony said, trying not to laugh. “You’re both fossils from another age. You know nothing about modern dating.”
Bucky smiled, slow and sweet. “So did I,” he admitted.
“So, Bruce with me, Nat with Vision,” Tony said, looking around at the rest of the team. “We’ll meet the rest of you back at the Tower.
“You are so impatient, Tony.” Steve drew him closer. “Let me enjoy this, loving you, being with you, it’s the happiest I’ve ever been, and I don’t want to spoil it with future thoughts that we still can’t be sure of.”
“Perhaps,” Loki shrugged. “I cannot say as I have never encountered an Infinity Gem that has been split in two vessels.”
“I am gonna kick your ass!”
He could hear the smile in Bucky's voice. “It's my job, Stevie. Someone has to stop you from buying your own press, Captain Perfect.”
“Don’t be difficult, brother,” Thor said with a chiding glance. “Not everyone is as blessed with luxury as we are in Asgard.”
“I don’t know, alright?” Tony blurted. “It’s complicated.”
He jumped out of the ring, ignoring Clint’s mutter of, “show-off,” as he headed towards her. “Tasha, what’s up?”
Steve turned his glare to Tony. “I’ve changed my mind. You’re
Tony couldn’t help the snarl that twisted his face. “Hello my little pork dumpling,
Lila and Cooper moved to Laura’s side immediately, edging a little behind her, distress on their faces.
“I think that you may be the first person who actually asked me that.” A small, slightly hysterical giggle escaped him. “God. If only Steve….” He stopped. Swallowed hard. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
She lifted her lip in a sneer. “You may have Death fooled, but you can’t fool me, honey.” She pointed at him. “I can see the fear in that pretty face of yours. You’re terrified of what’s going to happen to you when you die for the last time.”
than enough chit-chat. I’m ready for the main event.”
Yggdrasil reminded him.
“How about no?” Tony asked. “I’ve risked one hell of a lot to be here, to make sure that the SRA never comes into existence.”
Clint kept his gaze on the horizon. “T minus five to landing, Cap.” The Quinjet banked and began descending.
Clint stood on the huge courtyard, hands in his pockets as he stared out at the city. Steve took a step towards him. Tony put a hand on his arm. “Let me,” he said.
. Tony was worth the very best. He closed his eyes to the expression on Bucky’s face.
Natasha looked down at her phone. “Done,” she said, smirking. “And it’s trending.” Tony watched in horror as the council members suddenly collapsed, smoke billowing from their chests. Pierce held up a remote as Fury and Natasha turned their guns back on him.
“Is Atlantis just messing with us?” Clint whispered to Steve. “I mean, Thor's been alone for what, a hundred years, and now suddenly the poisonous not-cat that bit Tony is his long-lost brother?”
“Aw, don’t be like that, Tony.” Natasha chucked him under his chin. Steve was impressed that Tony didn’t appear more terrified. “You know you love us.”
“We may not be buddies, but damn if that isn’t one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen,” he told him.
“You’ve just got a handy vampire lying around?” Bucky asked, dropping back down onto the sofa, this time at Tony’s side. “Since when is S.H.I.E.L.D. involved with the supernatural? I thought that the mumbo-jumbo crap was all Hydra’s thing?” The anger in Bucky’s voice created a bitter taste in Tony’s mouth.
didn't kiss him.” Bucky glared at Tony.
“Our friend the Collector has vanished, along with the Reality Stone,” Loki said.
Steve couldn’t stop his gaze flying up to meet Tony’s. “What?”
“No.” Rhodey took Tony’s arm and dragged him away. “A thousand times, no.”
” Jörmungandr’s announcement broke into their argument.
“So where are the other two?” Steve asked, ignoring him.
“I’m so sorry that it was under these circumstances, sir, but I have missed you a great deal.”
“Tony?” Steve asked.
“Wrong about what?” Tony frowned. “All your calculations were correct.”
He and Bucky weren't like that. They had the maybe, possible, if-they-lived-in-another-dimension
Steve shook his head. “How’d I get so lucky and end up with two assholes as best friends?” he asked the universe.
And Tony did.
Steve rubbed his face. “I need a drink,” he muttered.
She let him go and Tony tucked his abused finger under his armpit, glaring uselessly at her for a moment. He thought about defending his actions, but decided that cowardice was the better part of survival. “You plan on staying?” he asked instead.
Nothing.
awesome,” Tony shot back.
“I shall contact Heimdall. Perhaps he can attempt to open the Bifröst,” Thor said. The look he gave Loki was concerned. “I would ask you to come with me, brother. We should learn of the fate of our home together.”
A skinny, ugly looking fucker stood in the middle of the destruction next to a monster with an axe the size of a small truck. Two more stood beside them, a woman who would give Natasha a run for her scary money and something else. Tony had no idea what or who they were.
“I was talking to Bucky, Tony,” Steve said very carefully.
“I’m changing that sarcasm filter, J,” Tony warned as he slurped his coffee. “I’m going to need something stronger than coffee to drink in order to deal with this.”
“Anything for you, boo,” Tony crooned. “Come on, let’s blow this Popsicle stand. I’m starving.”
~o0o~
Tony gave him the Bambi eyes. “Darling, he was an asshole long before I met him.” He flashed Steve a grin as he whirled to follow the others. “Now, onward into the breach!”
Tony wanted to howl, but the dark rings under Clint’s eyes stopped him. “Rhodey is so pissed,” he said. “I’ve had about a million texts telling me how difficult the President is being.”
Natasha’s mouth curved in a smirk. “You gonna let me beat him up a little, Stark?”
Steve stopped and Tony was yanked to a halt. “I’m not going anywhere, Tony.”
“Please,” Steve begged. “Tony, please.”
“Don’t put yourself down,” Steve said. “You know better.”
Wanda strolled into the living room with a sandwich in her hand. She stopped when she saw them. “It feels ugly in here.”
“See, that’s what happened to Bucky.” Tony had to make
“And kick your ass,” Steve agreed.
“You mean the team,” Tony corrected.
Steve clearly didn’t like that idea. “I don’t think that would be wise,” he tried diplomatically.
Steve laughed out loud at that. “Not that kind of bird, Wilson, an actual hawk called Wind.”
Steve and Natasha exchanged identical expressions. Tony had learned to fear that particular expression. It usually meant a scolding was to follow. And a scolding from Captain America was a painful experience. A scolding from Black Widow was painful in entirely different ways.
“Don’t worry about us,” Tony assured him. “I have a few surprises up my sleeves.”
“Nope.” Bucky did a slow scan of the room. “It’s better than I could have hoped for though.” His mouth twisted a little. “I think back on what I’ve done and I wonder whether I deserve any of this, deserve you two.”
Steve flushed. “I meant that I could see what all the fuss was about, I have eyes, but he was my friend. So I didn’t look too closely.”
Tony got naked.
Natasha made a noise. “Oh, you poor deluded man. Barton is going to pay for decades.”
Steve just stared at him. “Buck…”
“Hey.” Bruce gave a terrified half smile.
Tony slumped back against the sofa. “I’m messing everything up,” he whined, scrubbing at his face. “He didn’t give me any guidelines.”
Steve carefully put a hand on Tony’s forearm, trying to ignore the tensing of muscles that very few knew were hidden beneath those outrageously priced suits. “I meant
Thor shouted through the earpiece, making Tony wince. “We're out of time. They're coming for the core.”
Natasha’s lip curled. “He certainly has one,” she agreed.
“We have all of us been through terrible things,” she said. “From the monster to the captain, we are all broken inside.”
She hugged him back. “Tony, it’s so good to see you.” She smiled at the rest of the team. “All of you.” Her sharp gaze settled on the Winchesters. “You, I don’t know.”
“I don't deserve another chance.” Bruce sounded miserable. Tony wanted to wrap him in clouds and protect him forever. God, where had this sentimental streak come from? He was blaming it all on Bucky.
Tony decides to call it a day. Vision has a chat with Steve. F.R.I.D.A.Y. doesn't like it when Tony can't sleep.
Dean’s jaw dropped. “I’m not sure whether to say congratulations or be appalled.”
Tony leaned his elbows on the table. “I guess I could go first,” he said. “I mean, the Accords were my fault, right?”
Tony’s shoulders slumped. Steve felt a little sorry for him. He’d grown up with Bucky’s sheer stubborn ass. Tony was just getting to know it.
Steve moved away as Bruce bustled around the bed, muttering to himself as he poked and prodded at an atypically calm Tony. He leaned against a wall and felt Atlantis hum beneath him.
And that small hesitation, that correction was the truth that Steve really didn’t want to face. “We’re still a team,” he said.
“Meant to ask you earlier,” Bucky drawled, keeping his voice low. “Just what are we all supposed to be doing while Tony does his magical arithmetic thing?”
“What about King Kitty?” Clint asked. “If anyone has space-faring ships, then it’s gotta be Wakanda.”
He walked into his workshop and stopped in his tracks. “Am I being ambushed?” he asked with an attempt at a smile.
“I have,” Vision said.
Sam looked skeptical. “Hey, it’s me.” He tipped his head towards where Tony and Bucky were sitting. Tony had slumped against Bucky, mouth slightly open and snoring. Steve refused to think of it as adorable.
They stared at him. “What?” Bucky sounded like he was choking.
“Well, Satan’s my bitch, but he’s pissed off at me, big time,” Tony explained, catching the leg of the praying mantis thing that Bucky had just hurled at him. He drop-kicked it off the ledge. “Ten points!” he crowed.
“I need to go.” Stephen Strange looked at Tony with something like pity in his eyes. “I need to get somewhere that Thanos can’t find me, or else this will all have been in vain.”
Sam squared his shoulders, edging a little closer to Dean. “We’ve got this,” he said, taking another step forward and to the right.
Steve rubbed his eyes. “Tony, that’s alone. And you know it.” He waved at Natasha, indicating that he was going to take this outside. She gave him a small smile and a thumbs up.
“Yeah, you’re not getting lucky again for a long time,” Bucky told him.
Swinging Mjolnir once more, smiling again, Thor was enveloped in the radiant light of the Bifröst and vanished.
“I am merely the secretary,” she said, the steel in her eyes telling Tony everything he needed to know.
Bucky laughed again and Steve felt such joy that it almost overwhelmed him. It seemed impossible that he was here like this with the two people who meant everything to him. But here they were, despite the impending end of the world.
“It wasn’t what Wanda showed him that caused Tony’s attack.” Vision didn’t look away from Steve. He could practically see Natasha gnashing her teeth at being ignored.
“I do.” Bucky’s reply was still muffled by Tony’s skin. “I like it just fine. It makes me feel safe.”
“TMI, dude!” Sam said, tipping his head back, and throwing what looked like a glass of Tony’s very expensive brandy down his plebian throat.
Fury paused before he answered. “You’ve always been the leader of this motley crew, but without Stark, we all know that something is missing.”
So this is the scene that I've had in my head from the start. Them talking about what happened and why it happened and where to go from there.
Steve watched as Tony just sat there. He looked over at the others, hoping for some sort of inspired words of comfort.
“I should be so lucky.” NurseZilla’s eyes twinkled. “If you leave, it’s at your own risk.”
“Hey.” Tony gave a little wave and looked up. And up. And up. “Wow. You’re a lot bigger than I expected.” Brain to mouth filter was clearly disengaged.
“Well, that’s a huge surprise,” Bucky said, ducking under Tony’s arm to punch up
Steve hated seeing Tony like this. Like he was fragile and breakable. “I don't want to leave.” He blurted it out, sounding like a child.
fucking smart.
“Follow me, please sir.” Lee spun on his heel and headed down a long corridor. They all followed him.
“No.” Steve stared at Tony. “We’ll stick with the original plan. Tony goes in.” Tony’s bright smile was reward enough, he thought with a little skip of his heart.
“Secrets already?” Steve’s mouth thinned. “Not a great start, Tony.”
Tony sighed. Steve was the original party-pooper.
The even longer silence after that told Tony that he was entirely correct.
For a moment, the world whited out and Steve couldn’t even remember his name. Bucky’s lips were soft and wet around his dick. It felt as though Steve’s brains were dribbling out of his cock.
Bucky moved closer to Tony. “You left.” It was an accusation.
Tony nodded, squared his shoulders. “Show-time.” He winked at them all. “Watch this.”
“He knows not to take it seriously,” Steve said, not looking away from Tony.
“It's not a competition, you moron,” Bucky said, briskly stripping Tony of his pants.
Tony panted, his mouth watering when he saw Steve’s cock, full and thrusting hard against the fabric of his boxers. “Please,” he begged.
of his half-masticated food showing. “Yesh.”
~o0o~
Steve’s throat closed. He should have known better. Tony would always see the best in people, even if he couldn’t see past his own flaws. “He had you to help him.” He pitched his voice so that Bucky would hear him. “He wasn’t alone.”
“I’ve returned the man’s vehicle to him.” Coulson’s voice was still smooth and calm. “I think he’d prefer to leave as soon as possible.”
Tony was
precious Pepper,” Coulson said, no hint of annoyance in his voice. He wasn’t allowing Tony to bait him.
“Huh.” Tony hadn’t really thought about it. He remembered a vague conversation in about a year or so that should have been a big old red flag to him.
“Has F.R.I.D.A.Y. detected anything unusual in the tower in the past few minutes?” Steve asked him.
“The Director has confirmed that the SRA is in play.” Coulson came back to their group. “Things are further along than expected."
“Just like that?” Steve exchanged a look with Tony too.
“What’s a fancy man?” Lila asked. Laura almost choked on her coffee.
Tony felt something soft and gooey flutter through him as he looked into Steve’s eyes. Love shone out of them, as clearly as if he’d said it out loud.
Bucky grinned although he was still pretty pale. “It takes him a while sometimes.”
Steve bit his lip as Natasha followed them. “That makes no sense,” she frowned. “Leprechauns are not real.”
Bruce shrugged, and then nodded, and then shrugged again. “The Quinjet
Tony tugged Bucky with him, reaching out for Steve. “Facing the Cyclops is always challenging,” he quipped, feeling something settle inside when Steve took his hand without hesitation.
That made Steve grin reluctantly. “I won’t disagree with that,” he agreed. “However, Iron Man doesn’t exist and Tony Stark
“I don’t…” Sam stopped. “Stark.” It wasn’t a question.
“Steve and his boyfriend are staring into each other's eyes.” Clint had been giving them a running commentary while watching Steve and Bucky out of the living room window. Tony had tried to stop him. It hadn't worked. Obviously.
“Buttercup, you know your alcohol tolerance is about as good as that of an amoeba’s,” Tony chided as he slid into his R8. “Not clever.”
“Huh.” Bruce suddenly seemed a little less tragic. It made Tony do an inner tap-dance of joy. Bruce had had enough tragic in his life to last for several lifetimes.
“And what did our fair city tell you?” Thor asked Clint.
care about the douche even if he makes me crazy.”
Bruce tells his story (with a little help from his friends). The rebels in Wakanda have a 'difference' of opinion. Several of them. Natasha airs a few grievances.
Steve actually felt his nostrils flare. These little digs were getting tiresome. “Tony is still part of this team.” He tilted his chin when Fury stared at him. “Sir.” He said it with as much insolence as he could convey in one word.
He wiped his eyes. They were burning.
Tony decided to keep the suit hidden for now. He had no idea what was coming, but perhaps having a surprise advantage in hand wasn’t a bad thing. He thought maybe Hell wasn’t too au fait with Iron Man and Tony Stark. He had a feeling Crowley knew but he hadn’t asked, so Tony wasn’t telling.
“Your dream,” Bucky said eventually. “You seemed to be hinting that it wasn’t just you and I together.”
“Because if he gets out, the next step is world domination and making everyone into demons and then you’re shit out of a job,” Dean said, getting to his feet too. “Capisce?”
“I don’t understand,” Thor frowned. “Is this a Midgardian mode of transport that you have not told me about?”
Thor looked up at him. “How could he besmirch our mother's memory like that?” he asked.
“You look like crap,” Happy said bluntly.
“Aaaanyway.” Tony swung back to the assembly. “So B.A.R.F. is a little thing I’ve been working on for a while. It stands for Binarily Augmented Retro Framing.”
Steve flinched. “You’re completely right, of course, Thor.” He leaned forward. “Loki has done nothing this time around to suggest that his motives are anything other than pure.”
“You okay?” Sam’s quiet question had him turning.
“That wasn’t a question.” The thing behind the voice stepped forward, lit up from the blood-dark fires of Hell. He, and it was unquestionably a ‘he’, smiled. “Welcome to my humble abode.”
“Damn,” Tony said with a cheerful grin. “I was hoping for something a little more than almost.” He smacked Bruce on the ass as he went past.
There was a stunned silence.
She paused. “You can believe that he is afraid of what is coming, yes. So when he says he comes to seek our help, then he speaks the truth.” Her eyes went to Loki. “But trusting him isn’t something I would recommend. He lies as he breathes.”
“The Other Guy isn’t easily killed,” Bruce reminded him.
“You mentioned those stones the last time we saw you,” Steve said. “What can they do?”
“By doing me the courtesy of believing me when I tell you that you’re pretty fucking fantastic yourself.”
“Nothing about that makes sense,” Rhodey said, smacking Clint’s hand away from his plate. “Get your own shit, loser.” He curled his lip. “Letting a girl beat you up.”
Thor arrived about an hour later with his usual noise and destruction. Tony briefly mourned his pretty, pretty garden and then shrugged. He sure wasn’t going to tell a god to clean up after himself. Everyone headed to the dining room once more. Tony tried not to hide behind Bruce when he noticed that Thor had not come alone.
“Bullshit.” He propped his fists on his hips. “You told me that it was wasteful.
“Tony.” Steve made his name sound like a remonstration. Tony needed to learn how to do that.
He skidded into the living room where Vision and Peter were sitting watching the television.
Bruce stepped forward. “Is there any particular reason you don’t want us there?” He paused. “Apart from the obvious?”
“I did not need to,” Wanda replied, ever serene. Steve wondered how she managed to keep so calm amid the constant chaos. “His mind was open to mine from the moment I arrived.”
Rhodey face-palmed. “You are so lame.” Tony offered him a fist-bump. Rhodey ignored him. Rude.
“Would you have become Iron Man if you hadn’t been kidnapped and tortured?” she countered. He wondered how much she’d seen in his head that time.
Tony slumped back on the sofa, head dropping onto the soft cushions. “It appears that Vision thinks he’s my own personal cupid.”
“I’ve been running diagnostics for the past hour and his system is,” he paused. “There’s no other word for it. His system is compromised.”
The doors to the control room opened as soon as he stepped in front of them. Matilda leaped out of his arms, heading straight for the chair. She clambered up, turning to look at him with a prr-meow.
A large ball of light burst open like a pomegranate, spilling stars in a spiral waterfall. “I can’t believe what I’m seeing.” Tony’s mind was finding it hard to comprehend.
Tony sat down, grabbing Rhodey’s hand. “I know how much you love me, Butterball, but let’s keep it PG for the kids, okay?”
Tony frowned. “Why don’t we just do this the easy way?” he grumbled, tapping at the bracelets at his wrists. The armor slipped over his body like a well-worn skin. He pushed off the stone, flying over Bucky and Steve and hovered in front of them. “Wanna take a ride?” he asked Bucky with a hand held out and a wiggle of his eyebrows.
“Safe,” Thor assured him.
She curled a lip in a small smile. “Of course I do.” She pointed again. “Ass. Move. Now.”
There was a silence then, a pause like the world held its breath. “Did you mean it?” It slipped out before he could hold the words back. Things were making sense for the first time. It wasn’t just anger he’d been feeling, it was desertion of a loved one.
“You really are.” Steve risked moving so that he bracketed Tony’s body with his, wrapping his arms around him from behind. Tony was rigid, trembling in his embrace.
Tony flopped into the nearest chair with a grumble. “Fine, but don’t blame me if it doesn’t work.”
Fury was made of sterner stuff and pointed a finger at Tony. “Don’t you fuck this up, Stark. You don’t want to be on my shit list.”
” Tony still wasn’t sure what was so wonderful but he’d take his compliments where he could get them.
Tony grinned at her. “Your words are a salve to my wounded heart.”
whine, thank you Bucky. “Things need to be kept PG around here. I think half of the crap in this place is explosive.”
If there was anyone that Tony wanted to share his time-travelling experience with, it was Bruce. But until he knew the future consequences he’d hold his tongue. “Aw, you came for a play-date,” Tony crooned, tugging Bruce towards his workbench. “Let me share with you the treasures of my knowledge.”
Bruce gave Tony a little shove. Tony fell back onto his bed with a startled squeak. “Oh. Em. Gee.” Bruce rolled his eyes. “You’re so original, Tony.”
“I know
“Hmm?” Tony poked at the console, directing the elevator to Bruce’s floor first.
Steve dropped an arm over Tony’s shoulder, still cautious but clearly more comfortable. Tony snugged in. “Please ignore the drama queen,” Steve told Bucky. “He gets like this when he’s been too long without food or sleep.”
Bruce came into the room. “That was an interesting list of expletives,” he noted, dropping down beside Tony. “Anything I should know about?”
Tony was helpless against the power of Bucky's eyes. They were blue, like Steve's, and just as deadly. Steve's eyes were lapis lazuli blue, bright morning sky blue. Bucky's eyes were the blue at the heart of a sapphire, midnight navy blue.
Bruce was chopping onions and Sam was frying something delicious. Tony stuck his nose into the pan, yelping when he got thwapped on the head by Sam. “Be careful with the merchandise,” he warned.
“You’ve managed to drink up the entire eastern seaboard’s supply of Johnny Walker Blue,” Pepper said. “Are you ready to stop being an ostrich and talk to your friends?”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. Sam didn’t say anything, but Dean handed him various items without Sam having to ask. It spoke of a familiarity that made Tony feel a little envious. He didn’t have anyone in his life that knew him that well.
,” he amended, “But Cap is the Captain of the good ship SS Avenger, and he’s the one who tells us what to do.”
“More. Me,” Bucky insisted, nipping Steve’s bottom lip.
“The last meeting between the serpent and Thor is predicted to occur at Ragnarök, when Jörmungandr will come out of the ocean and poison the sky. Thor will kill Jörmungandr and then walk nine paces before falling dead, having been poisoned by the serpent's venom.”
Tony felt extremely put-upon. “Excuse me, but my genius ability to think laterally just saved our asses from literal Hell. I can’t be held responsible for
“Uh…” Tony squinted, trying to remember his own headspace back then. It was a fairly blank space. “It was? I did?”
Well, this is certainly heading in an unexpected direction. Thanks for hanging on for the ride
He heard the calm, thankfully sane voice of one Black Widow say, “Cap, these people are going nowhere. If Stark finds a way to blow this rock...”
“I was…” Yeah, the squeaking was very emasculating. He needed to get control and quickly.
“They don’t call me the Trickster for nothing,” Loki said, barely trying to hide his smirk.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “Any reason you’re over there and we’re over here?” he said.
Steve stopped so suddenly that Tony stumbled into him. “Your what?” He sounded more freaked out about an invisible dog than he had at entering Hell.
Tony felt cold suddenly. The arc reactor gave an unexpected stutter and he pushed away. “No.”
He shook his wrists, and the armor slipped out over his skin like liquid metal. Within about two seconds, Tony was covered. “Ta-da!” He did the jazz hands just to piss Steve off.
Bruce swallowed hard, his eyes wide and panicked. “What the hell am I doing, Tony? I must be out of my freaking mind.” He was breathing like he’d run a marathon.
fight the enemy within.” She reached out a hand. “Please, let me show you what I have dreamed.”
“They indulge him,” Steve complained.
“He didn't really tell me much about that,” Bucky said. Steve felt a small glow of satisfaction that this was something that Tony had shared with
Tony sat up straight. “Now that’s something I wasn’t expecting,” he said. She waited. “You and Vision, I mean,” he clarified.
“That’s fucked up,” Bucky said.
Natasha pressed the button for the lift and she, Bruce and Clint vanished to their respective floors, dragging Sam and Rhodey with them.
“I like your dick attached to your body, Stark,” Bucky told him with a grin. “Stop provoking the pretty lady.”
Bruce held up his hands. “I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to startle you. I need to remember that you’re probably suffering from more than one type of PTSD.” He spoke so matter-of-factly, letting Bucky know that he understood and didn’t find anything wrong with him.
Natasha's mouth curved. It was kinda creepy, Steve thought. “I believe the term 'dumbass' is as applicable to you as it is to this one.” She nodded towards Tony.
“God, Clint.” Tony’s chest hurt. “I didn’t know.” And he hadn’t known. Not even in the future. Things were already unraveling.
“A professional what?” Bruce asked sourly. “Dork? Embarrassment?”
“Why didn’t you trust him about the Accords?” Steve persisted.
“You kicking us out, Brucie-bear?” Tony could pout with the best of them.
“But she is an animal,” Natasha said with a confused tilt to her head. “That isn't possible.”
“Keep your nose out of my food,” Sam told him.
dangerous.”
“It’s my second favorite movie, Tony. It’s one of the only ones you’re willing to watch with me without debunking the science.” Steve sat on the edge of the bed. “I mean, after Star Wars.”
The long silence before Steve spoke told Tony that this was the crux of the thing. “And don’t you fucking lie to me, Steven!”
Thor put a big hand on Tony’s chest and closed his eyes. “It’s his heart,” he murmured. “Whatever the poison in the teeth of our new friend is, it has reached his heart and is destroying it.”
“Other Guy,” Bruce reminded her. She rolled her eyes.
~o0o~
Bucky flexed his arm. “I haven’t really taken this puppy for a test drive,” he said, looking at Tony. “I reckon a god would be a pretty good way to assess whether you did an okay job.”
Steve flushed. “Of course I know,” he mumbled.
“As would I,” Xavier said.
I'm really sick so there may not be an update for a couple of days. Watching my lungs crawling off the table isn't fun.
Loki’s face was white. “What vow do you wish of me?” he snarled. “My blood? My power?”
“Also, Thor Odinson provided the team with something called mead,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. tattled. “Everyone was exceedingly inebriated.”
“If it’s your kid doing the damage to the wall between the universes,” Bucky said. “Do you want to give him a chance to stop before we kill him?”
Natasha and Bruce skidded around the corner. “You’re alive!” Bruce said, relief palpable in his voice.
Tony melted into the soft leather of the sofa, lifting his arms to wrap one around Steve’s neck and the other dug into the hair at his nape. It was longer, no longer the prep-school, choir-boy perfection of “The Captain”. It gave Tony leverage and he used it ruthlessly to pull and push Steve’s mouth to the places that he wanted.
Tony barely refrained from rolling his eyes. Supernatural beings all had the tendency to pontificate.
“When Steve died.” Bucky’s low answer had Tony turning to him. “Since he died, it feels like it’s all falling apart.”
“I take it back,” Tony snarled. “Leave my sanctuary and don’t return until you’ve adjusted that attitude, mister.”
Bucky was a sneaky fucker, Tony thought with reluctant admiration. Steve went bright red and Clint practically hacked up a lung he was laughing so hard. “They are brothers.” It was Tony’s only defense.
The jet lifted off smoothly and shot up and out of sight before Steve could even catch his breath.
“Well, it’s either Barnes or you’re cuddling a murderous psychopath,” Clint drawled. His hand was tight on his bow. Steve looked over at Natasha and saw that both hands held weapons.
“What’s the problem?” Tony asked.
Steve took his seat again. “We’ve made a start,” he hedged. “It’s going to take time and, more importantly, action to get us to trust one another again.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “You do?”
“Natasha nodded.” He’s going to play ostrich. Stick his head in the sand and hope that we eventually go away.”
“At least you didn’t say that he
Steve let him. “I need to brush my teeth,” he said, grimacing at the taste of vomit in his mouth.
“While I’d love to believe you, my experiences with Moose and Squirrel have taught me to trust no-one.” There was a note in Crowley’s voice that had Tony curious.
None of it could be real. He opened his eyes and looked into a gorgeous redhead’s eyes. “Welcome back, Tony. You gave us quite a scare.”
“Oh, that was just the Bifröst,” Tony said with an airy wave. “Thor had Heimdall on standby for us.”
“We both know that you can leave the army, but it never leaves you.” Bucky's words made Steve look at him in surprise.
It sounded like hope, Tony thought, a tiny sliver of hope but a sliver was better than nothing. “Sure,” he agreed, almost over-eagerly. “Once we put out the PR fire, those documents can be amended. I'd file a motion to have you and Wanda reinstated…”
“If that’s the way you feel then this is never going to work!” Steve threw up his hands and spun away from Tony.
“I want to,” Tony admitted. “But…” He ran a hand through his hair. “I saw Steve kiss you.”
Bruce sat on the coffee table in front of Tony. “You obviously don’t want to talk about it.”
“The serpent, Jörmungandr, will use the Bifröst to come to Midgard and begin its conquest here too.” Thor closed his eyes. “Heimdall has sworn to destroy the Bifröst before that happens.”
“Sir, Dr Banner has indicated that he and Vision are ready for you.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. broke into his wonderings.
“Hey!” Scott protested. “A little less of the mocking of the Quantum Realm traveler, please. I’m still trying to get past the fact that half the world has disappeared.”
a useful thing to know,” Bucky grinned, undulating against Tony.
“Still don’t want to talk about it,” Rhodey added. “I mean, he’s my brother from another mother, but I’ve heard more about Anthony Stark’s sex life than anyone deserves.”
“It wasn't you!” Steve said urgently. “It was the Winter Soldier, an automaton that Hydra programmed to do their dirty work.”
Steve stared at him, the lump in his throat too large to swallow over. “Tony, he… He killed your parents.” He wanted to make sure that Tony knew what he’d seen.
Steve blanched, stomach roiling. “I feel like someone shot me in the face,” he confessed. He flopped down beside Bruce on the sofa, looking around the living room at the devastation Thor had wrought.
“Now, I’m no historian,” Tony said, “But I’ve not heard of Egyptian artifacts being discovered on American soil before.”
“I need to make dumber AIs,” Tony grumbled.
Watching them banter like this gave Steve flashbacks to his own time with Bucky.
“Fuck.” Rhodey stared at them in disgust. “Figures you've picked up a pair of smart-asses as your boyfriends.”
“You'll be the first to die, Stark.” Tony was at least ninety-five percent sure she was kidding. He inspected her face. Make that ninety percent.
“But you’ll always come back.” Lila threw her arms around his neck. “And Iron Man always keeps his promises!”
“What’s the fucking year?” Tony shouted.
He watched as Bruce tried not to wince every time Darcy stood on his toes.
“Eh,” Tony acknowledged the insult. “That's entirely possible.” He sucked in a breath. “Not that I'm not thrilled to see you, big guy, but I'm kinda running out of oxygen here.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. had been squawking with consistent diagnostics for the past few minutes.
need.”
“This is kidnapping!” Tony yelled. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. call 911!”
“Well, at least I’ve got some extra help now,” Tony said. “I mean, Bruce and Vision are awesome, but the spy twins know things that nobody should know.”
“He’s sleeping in his own room,” Laura said.
I am so, so, so sorry. This has been sitting on my harddrive for months and I had an operation and then recovery and then work crap. It's over for now. I still need to prepare myself for Endgame.
“That statement makes no sense,” Natasha said.
Wanda’s gaze slid over to where Loki stood. “He is waiting for you,” she told him.
Bucky snorted a laugh. “I can't imagine what she saw in you, Stark.” His eyes said something very different. Tony was going to have to deal with that and soon.
“We might need it,” Tony said, getting where Bruce was coming from.
Steve wanted to shake him. “You shut your stupid mouth, James Buchanan Barnes,” he ordered. “Nobody deserves it more than you.
Well, that was unexpected :D Hello Professor!
“Then why are you here?” Steve asked. He looked weary. Sad. Resigned.
Tony laughed so hard that he choked. Several helpful thumps on his back from Thor helped him recover.
“Why what?” Bruce asked.
Tony got a sick feeling in his stomach and he looked at Bruce. “Tell me his name again.”
“Can someone please explain just what the fuck that was?” Dean Winchester’s bellow had them all looking at him. Sam stood at his shoulder, one big hand on his brother’s arm, either keeping him calm or holding him back. Tony wasn’t quite sure which.
Tony stared at him. Steve held his breath.
Hope you like this chapter. I got all my feelings out.
Tony backs down. Steve & Bucky talk. Vodka!
“I’ll be leaving you here then,” Crowley said. “Once you’ve managed to chain Lucifer once more, Growley will guide you out of Hell and back to your friends in Purgatory.”
“Anyone need a ride?” Clint walked into the kitchen, face set.
Steve felt his own heart stutter in fear. He dragged his gaze away from Tony. “Thor, do you think that Loki’s staff might still be on your old world?” He kept from using either its name or the numbers that they had given it.
Bruce nodded. “I quite possibly am carrying some sort of jungle disease on me.”
a person, Buck. A good person who has had an incredibly raw deal.” He reached out carefully, feeling a giddy sense of delight when Bucky put his hand in his. “Nobody will
“Get it all,” Tony ordered, swinging away from the TV and rolling his chair to his console. “Find it, get it, and destroy any trace of it.”
The Avengers are on the trail. Tony & Bruce have a naked chat.
Pepper sighed. “Why do I stay around you? I’m in constant terror of whatever you’re going to destroy next. I’d like it not be your heart. Again.”
“If Rhodey says you’ll be okay, then you’ll be okay,” Sam said.
Tony put his hand in Jim’s. “You’re unbelievably welcome….Bucky.”
leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos?” Strange whipped back.
Bruce waved the apology off. “We’re all a little punch-drunk now,” he said. “I’m sure we could use some rest while Tony does his thing.”
“Our food,” Rhodey corrected, coming into the kitchen with a couple of bags from one of the local supermarkets.
“Like someone ran me over with a truck and then backed up again.” Bucky struggled to sit up, waving Steve’s offer to help away. “Don’t hover, Stevie.”
“Mr. Parker is with Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes in the entertainment area. Ms. Romanov is with Ms. Potts and Mrs. Barton in the office. Mr. Barton and Mr. Wilson are sparring in the gym. The Barton children, Thor and his brother are there too. I must admit, it has been most enjoyable to see everyone once more.”
dream, it is truth, not merely possibility.” She loosened her arms. “Would you like to see?”
“Okay.” Tony had to clear his throat. He opened his arms. “Have at it, Captain.”
“So the magic doc then?” Clint was his usual succinctly observant self.
are Iron Man whether you’re dressed up in that vainglorious suit of armor or in a three piece suit and tie or a Black Sabbath tee that’s seen too many washes and too much grease.”
