"I'm sorry to tell you this, but that does very little to reassure me," James says with a shake of his head, and he looks down at his coffee mug in longing, "Obadiah was a better father figure to Tony than Howard was himself, and then Afghanistan happened."
When he opens them again, not a second later, Steve snaps into motion. It's like he was in a daze, and now that he's moving, he won't stop. He pulls Tony forward with enough strength that the brunet falls haphazardly onto his lap, and their lips connect in a slow kiss. They've kissed before, several times; but the magic isn't lost no matter how many times they kiss. Steve is gentle as he licks his way into Tony's mouth; and Tony's not so subtle when he grinds against Steve. It's different now -- it feels more open, like there's nothing hidden between them.
"He couldn't trust Strange to take care of James's armor alone so he demanded to go to the compound to drop it off." Natasha explains, and her little grin is fond despite the flair of exasperation in her tone.
"Fuck." Tony curses, and he presses his hand against his lips. His hand is trembling, and the rest of his body is shaking in earnest. He repeats the curse, turns on his heels, and flees the room like he's on fire.
Everything was good, until the glass windows cave in from a high-powered repulsor blast that comes from close range. There's not really much of a warning before it, either. Let it be known that when he really wants to be unnoticed, Tony can be deadlier than even the spy assassins he was once on the same team with.
Then, Tony grins. It's fake and has too many teeth. It's like looking directly at a hungry shark. For all the masks Tony's ever worn throughout his entire life, this one isn't one they're expecting.
Steve doesn't bother to hide his amusement, not that Tony can see it. Despite his bravado and his mere stubbornness to admit that he's tired, Tony manages to fall asleep
He only turns after he's gotten his clothes together, and Steve is leaning against the open doorframe with his hands hooked into his underarms like he's trying to keep himself still. Blue eyes sparkle with concern, lips overturned into a frown as he looks Tony over.
Tony hangs up the phone without answering, and when he checks his phone, it's about 8 PM, and he remembers that the pack is about to watch a movie together. He hopes there's enough time for him to pull Steve aside to talk to him about Obadiah, but when he gets to the entertainment room, he's lost. Everyones lounging on the long sofas and on the floor, and there are cases of beer and glasses of wine, and several bowls of popcorn. Steve himself is sitting on the only reclining chair in the room, and his eyes find Tony as soon as the genius walks in.
meant to be, I'd have at least had an inkling, you know? But it didn't happen that way. I ended things between us as soon as I came to terms with it, and Steve's stubborn ass kept trying to cling onto me. The boy's got a whole crazy notion when it comes to true love and bonded mates."
And that's the truth. No one could protest that. Tony was brilliant and arrogant and always trying to one-up himself.
Tony nods, still feeling a little uneasy; and he just watches as Steve drops his hand and heads over to grab himself a plate of food and a mug of coffee. Obviously, the interaction hadn't gone unnoticed. Natasha's giving him a look with an eyebrow raised. Wanda looks almost sympathetic. Bucky glances from Tony to Steve like he's not sure if he's missed something. Sam isn't actually looking at him; but at Clint, whose got the expression of a kicked puppy as he pokes at the scrambled eggs on his plate. Bruce and Thor are talking quietly in front of the coffee machine, though it's obvious by their body language it's about Tony.
. His nose twitches, and Tony's suddenly desperate to find where the scent has originated from. Yes, he's at a diner and the scent of honey isn't entirely out there, but it's distinctive and curls around him like he's meant to absorb it. It's coming from the right of him, he realizes, and his eyes zero in on one man in particular, with a face that seems to haunt his every moment whether he's awake or not.
"Tony, I can't stop you from working all day or force you to sleep and take breaks more," Steve tells him, and there's a warm hand on his shoulder, feeling like an anchor, "but I'm going to need you to work with me on at least eating better."
"This seems as a cause for celebration!" Thor calls out, triumphantly, as he walks over and claps a hand against Tony's shoulder. Thor, who can never seem to tell how strong he is,  manages to knock Tony forward; and Tony falls forward onto the counter, knocking his chest into it.
No. It's not hard to assume. It's just that Steve doesn't want to assume it because it's Tony. Tony, with stubborn ideals and cries of accountability. It feels like the futurist is unable to move on from his past.
The alien, ugly ass creature as it was, shoots some green looking ray at the Winter Soldier. Captain America tosses his shield just in time, and the soldier uses it to protect himself from the blast.
He looks at the rest of his pack, bewildered. They look right back at him with the same expressions. Really, what
"Sorry. I, uh, don't do too well with emotional vulnerability," he muses, and there's a nervous smile on his face that causes Sam to chuckle in response.
Stephen only looks amused as he steps back, "She's gained her powers from an Infinity Stone. Trust me when I say there would've been no way to keep her here."
Sam looks at him, silent. It's not the same as the look Natasha gave him the other day that made him feel stupid; and it's not like Bucky's questioning gaze. Sam just
When he's composed, looking up at the group that seems too bewildered by his reaction to actually react themselves, he has to bite on his cheek to stop himself from doing it all over again. Just like that, some of the tension that's come with being home again is gone. He reaches a hand out anyway, and Dum-E whirls over to him for affection.
"My workshop at the compound." Tony decides, and everyone turns to stare at him with varying levels of surprise.
"So you just... get drunk and married to strangers regularly?" Tony can't help but ask, and his eyebrow is quirked ever so slightly, "Is that a thing for you?"
"I don't know about the rest of them, but my people were acrobatics in a small-town circus." Clint defends himself, two hands up in just the defensive manner. He seems to ignore the syrup on them, so the rest silently do the same.
," Sam chortles, then, and it's a full-bellied sound that really makes Tony want to be annoyed. He can't, though, because it fills him with a sense of peace now that Sam's more relaxed than he was when he entered the garage.
"See? I knew we should've just tossed him in the trunk and dragged him home." The guy pressed to the wall tosses a look at Steve and Natasha, who pointedly ignore him.
Tony brushes past him, taking a seat at the edge of one of the bunk beds. Steve decides pointedly not to tell him it's Clint's bed. There's no telling how Tony would react to that.
"If your question is why I was brought back here like we're on the same side," Tony begins, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms, "that's my question, too."
"I'm gonna head over there." Tony says, his voice quiet and unsure, "I'll come back and do all the paperwork your pretty little heart thrusts at me; but I need to see him."
Of course, Steve is the exception. He stays behind for a few minutes to talk to his pack, but then he's sprinting and on Tony's heels. Tony himself is calm, or about as calm as anyone whose just bared their souls out to strangers could be as he heads to his old bedroom. Tony doesn't even realize he's sprinting himself until he nears a corner and sees his old room and thinks there's no way he can make it before he's caught. Steve's a lot more athletic than him, anyway.
Tony answers with a laugh, one that's full of disbelief as he tilts his head back and stares at the ceiling that had just threatened to crush them all, "That's the
Iron Man. The Earth's last defense. Fighting since the day he had come home from Afghanistan despite criticism and without backup.
The engine clicks off, the headlights following, as Tony looks up through his windshield at the hotel he's pulled up to. Normally, he would just stretch out in the back seat and nap for a few hours on the side of a road off the path of the scenic route, but for once he just craves the warmth and comfort of an
As the ending credits roll, Tony shifts the pizza box off of his legs and stands up; and he's not the only one to stand. Natasha stands, as well, and she walks over to the light switch and flicks it back on. There are several hisses and Clint throws a cushion at her, but Natasha won't be deterred. Neither will Tony, and he crouches in front of the television stand, opening the cupboard and pulling out a bottle of scotch and a clean glass that his family has always stocked there.
"Please." Steve confirms, and a portal opens up just before them with the two of them stepping through to wherever it is Stephen's taking them to. He can't ask her to help stop and save Tony if she's not willing to do it; and if they do want her help, Vision's the only one who can get through to her.
Tony licks his lips as the blond draws closer, and he knows Steve is following the movement with his eyes. Steve ducks his head, lips parting so that he can take Tony's tongue into his mouth and suck on it with slow and teasing strokes of his tongue. Tony moans at the action and feels his back arching just slightly, if only to get more of Steve's body on him. One of Steve's arms winds down around his waist, holding him steady and crushing their bodies together, and he grinds against Tony in a way that makes his heart skip several beats.
Wanda distracts them by shooting another blast of her power; though this time Tony's able to react fast enough to have his mechanical boots wrap around his feet and lift off the ground.
And he does. But Steve's not worried. In fact, considering how long Tony's been alone, it's comforting to know someone outside of the pack is as protective and loving towards the brunet as he himself is.
Steve casts a glance at the small cup in his hands, wondering if accepting a refill would be welcomed or judged. Strange doesn’t put on any airs about how he feels towards the team. If he didn’t want to take care of them, he wouldn’t. In that sense, he was a lot like Tony Stark.
Vision greeted them on the lawn, his normally expressionless face just that as he bid them a welcome. He would be the only one to welcome them. No bots, no Rhodes, and in a bittersweet reminder of what they had lost, no Tony Stark.
Steve gasps, and his words come out in a fast, hurried pant, "Then why are you trying so hard to run from me, Tony?"
Which means, they knew all along; or at least, Obadiah and Howard did. They were keeping their distance, for whatever reason, and all the running Tony was doing wasn't actually doing him any good. He was only making things harder for himself, and for the pack that really had nothing to do with him.
"I'm sorry, Captain; but I wouldn't wish for her to be alone in this state." Vision explains, and his gaze bounces between the rest of the Avengers, "I will give her some time to calm down and broach the subject again."
Tony. You haven't mourned at all; you keep pretending nothing's happened. I know you, Tony. If you don't go to this now and say your goodbye's, you'll regret this for the rest of your life."
"I knew- I knew it was wrong to let you go off that day." Steve continues, the words seemingly tumbling from his lips and a surprising wetness dripping onto the side of Tony's neck. He knows it's not from Steve's lips the moment he feels it.
It's followed by the hand James holds out, expecting for a shake. Bucky looks at it warily, then looks up into James's eyes like he's searching for something. He rolls his eyes in a move that is actually so typically Bucky, grasps onto James's hand using his metal one, and pulls hard enough that James nearly falls forward. Their lips meet; and it's chase and clumsy, but the passion is there and the beginnings of the mate bond begin to form. It's sad that their first kiss is in public, but it doesn't faze Bucky in the slightest.
"What do you want, Steve?" He asks, his voice low and husky, and his tongue still running teasing stripes along the blond's shaft.
It's a colonial style house, big and white and almost perfect for a horror-movie type setting with lines of ivy crawling up the sides of the building. He wants to laugh at the site of it, really, but it's really his own fault the house looks abandoned. He probably wasn't making his mom proud by visiting only when he wanted to escape Howard's prying eyes.
"Tony?" Steve asks, and his head snaps in Tony's direction as the brunet shuffles past. He ignores Bucky, for all intents and purposes, dropping the spatula he had in his hand to follow Tony into the bedroom.
But hearing it in his head just makes him sound like a jealous brat, so he aborts the idea of wanting to say it out loud at all. He grabs for his clothes again, ducking his head so he can pass Steve out the door.
"In every other reality, there were slight changes; and still, the team would have been reparable. There's only one difference in this reality from all the others. Do you want to take a wild guess?"
held onto Tony like he was made of glass. The first sob racks through his entire body, a loud and painful sound that sounds foreign in his ears. The following sob progresses, and they continue to progress until his voice goes horse and then no more sounds are let out at all. Steve just holds onto him, and when Tony finds himself slipping onto the floor, Steve follows him down and holds him steadily against his chest. In all of his entire life, Tony has never felt more damn treasured.
"Steve." He calls, his voice breaking off in a moan. Steve pauses to show that he's listening, but his nose is still brushing along the column of Tony's neck, "Kiss me?"
"And it's only in this timeline, with resentment for you all, that he willingly hands over the world he's protected since the moment he donned that armor."
"I'm sorry." Tony pants, pulling his mouth away from Steve with his fingers trembling as they curl around Steve's sleeves, "I can't. I have a lot of scars from Afghan- I- fuck, sorry. No. I'm not ready for that yet."
And Steve can see it, the little unsure nod that Tony's about to give them; but it all goes to shit when Wanda comes flying over the roof in a blaze of red light.
"I won't force you to come back with me, Tony." Steve says, then, and it causes Tony's heart to snap even more if that's even possible. He doesn't even lift his head, just speaking into the collar of Tony's tee shirt, "I want you to come back because
However, when the stove is turned off and Bruce joins them at the long table in the kitchen to eat, the sound of helicopter blades has everyone freezing where they stood or sat. That includes Tony, who is silently wondering if maybe Obadiah was planning to try some stupid shit so early in the morning. Or afternoon. Whatever time of day it was.
"Does that mean you're giving me away at the wedding?" It's meant as a joke, and Rhodey scoffs his amusement, but several gazes snap in their direction at the insinuation.
"Be safe out there?" Tony asks, his voice coming out small and uncertain. He doesn't know what Steve's actual job is, but if he's out there in the middle of an alien attack, there's a very high chance Steve might not come back.
"Obadiah gave me the rest of the week to send them the designs for another weapon," Tony sighs as he, too, stands up. He has the bottle of scotch gripped tightly in his hand; and he's really glad he's not as strong as Thor because he would never waste good liquor.
And then, Happy ends up in a hospital, and the Mandarin taunts and threatens him. Tony gives away the address to the Malibu house on the news and challenges the fucker who thinks he'll run and hide to
"Don't do that to yourself." Bucky interupts with a stern shake of his head, and Tony looks up at him, surprised that
They talk until the sun starts to rise. She's still in New York, working for Stark Industries in their legal department. He's just a little further south, making his way due west to get as far away from Howard as humanly possible.
He's cut off by a deep growl and then Steve's hand is under his chin, strong enough to direct his head but not strong enough to hurt, "You're not a replacement for anyone. Bucky and I didn't work out, but that's got nothing to do with
"It's not like that, Steve." Tony says, flustered and rushed like he doesn't know what he's supposed to say, "Sam told me you were in the army once -- you and Bucky; and every time I think about weapons now, I can only imagine one of you getting hit by something
? Are you expecting to hook up with me in a diner in the middle of nowhere? Is that how mating works nowadays?" Tony asks, bitter and astounded by Steve. Why did his heart flutter at the thought of it, though?
But he pauses at the threshold and turns his head to look at Steve. There's a calculating look in his eyes as he mulls over what he wants to say, "You knew it wouldn't be easy when Tony packed up and left New York, but you followed him anyway. Why?"
"You were serious about lunch?" Tony asks with an eyebrow quirked, and Steve reaches down with a free hand. Tony's covered in motor oil, but that doesn't seem to deter him the slightest as he hoists the genius to his feet.
Tony stares at him, his expression bemused. Of course he wouldn't destroy a building he paid for and had built for his dysfunctional superhero family.
When he turns, Captain America's hand is literally denting a multi-million dollar metal suit like it's a toothpick, "Medical. Then debrief. Then you can go."
"Tony Stark, my hero." Steve says, his tone dry but still fond. If he notices Tony tensing, he doesn't say anything. Instead, he brings his own hand up and pulls Tony's head to his chest.
"Woah man, are you good?" Sam calls out, and Tony just stays there. He's pressed against the countertop, his hand gripping onto the surface to keep himself steady.
"I guess we got two weddings coming up." Sams says in a good natured joke, but there's that glint in his eye as he ducks past Steve like the blond is going to hit him. The rest chortle and snicker as they follow him in, but Steve doesn't mind it too much.
"I needed to stop you, because otherwise, you'd have done something you know you wouldn't be able to live with." his eyes are blown open again, and he's trying to express how earnest he's feeling just with his eyes alone, "Even back then, you knew Bucky was innocent. Your emotions took hold of you and you
It's weird to have a finger in your ass. He's not a virgin, as stated before, but it's still something he has to get used to. It causes his penis to flag a little, which is good because he really doesn't want this to end too soon. The first finger isn't too bad, but then Steve has another finger in addition and his fingers curl and brush at his prostate and he's a panting, moaning mess.
He knows that does little to reassure anyone, but he can't bother with them right now. The second text has come from Pepper, just a few seconds before. They call once every few days, so he knows it's something important just after seeing her name in his inbox.
Tony softens considerably, wondering if having a mate meant they could read each other's mind. He tries to quiet for a moment and reach out with his mind, but honestly, he's never going to be able to stop thinking long enough to figure out what Steve is thinking.
They have a little party using Tony's penthouse. It serves a duel purpose; both to welcome the Avengers to their new home and to celebrate their marriage officially with friends.
When Tony looks up, Steve's never looked away, and his eyes are gleaming like he's looking at the most beautiful thing in the world.
Later that night, Tony is roused from his sleep just momentarily as a gentle hand cards through his curly locks. The touch is fleeting, almost as though the person who's touching him is afraid he'll disappear; and when his eyes finally pry open, it's Steve who's sitting at the edge of his bed.
James Rhodes is still there, sitting at the counter and sipping away at a mug of coffee. He seems amused by the antics of Steve's pack, watching as Clint and Sam argue over the last piece of bacon. Steve should send them out for groceries just so that they can get a few minutes of peace. Wanda and Natasha are speaking quietly to Bruce as they prepare more cups of tea for themselves, and Thor is much too involved in his breakfast to even look up. Bucky is stock still, sitting right where he was with his head bowed and his metal hand curled so tightly around the mug that it'll either bend or break at the grip.
"Is that ... is Bucky and me hanging out a problem?" Steve asks then, swallowing heavily like he might just cry.
And then, they're curled up in bed again, Steve's arms holding him closely, protectively as they both start to drift off to sleep.
”Anyone else?” Stephen asks; and just a second later, everyone else has a refill of the tea that was obviously not their preferred choice in beverage.
When he pulls back, Steve's eyes are still closed and his breath is hot as it fans across Tony's face, "You'll join us for the movie, right?"
"She has powers to manipulate the mind." Natasha answers for him, her tone quiet and possibly ashamed, "She showed me my past, one that I wasn't crazy about. Tony said something about what he was shown, too."
"I'll be okay on the couch, Tony." Steve murmurs, but his body is still shuddering involuntarily and Tony can't really wrap his head around why Steve's so reluctant to sleep with him.
"There's a huge collection of DVDs in the entertainment room!" Clint shoots back with his eyes narrowed in irritation.
When he pokes his head into Pepper's office, the redhead looks understandably shook. She understands the dangers of being Iron Man, but has never agreed with Tony's incessant need to put himself in danger. She's nearly choking him in a hug, and he holds her tight wirh murmured apologies pressed into her hair.
"Why does it always come down to an explosion?" Tony asks, and it's a rhetoric question that sounds petulant in his own ears.
It does explain some things, including the looks of horror on both of their faces when Tony described the Jericho missile to them.
He peels Tony's shirts off; and now that his secret's out, Tony's got no reason to deny him. He raises his arms, Steve tosses his shirt to the far corner of the room, then leans back to drink in Tony's bare chest.
Wanda just stares at him for a beat longer, her smirk widening as she pokes her tongue around her mouth and bites down hard on a familiar capsule that leaves the rest of her mouth blue and foaming,
Okay so maybe that made sense. Not much sense, granted, but it still made sense. Still, Tony feels his heart clenching at the words. How unfortunate was this guy that his marriage was to Tony of all people? Young, good looking, exceptionally earnest -- it has to be too good to be true.
"Hey! Tony! You ain't eating?" Sam calls after him, and Tony only waves a hand in dismissal as he nears the exit.
It's quiet for too long, with Steve's smoldering gaze on Tony and Tony's nervous gaze locked on the ground.
Steve's expression softens from the rage it was holding onto, but just slightly. He looks confused and maybe a little hurt as he says, "You said your name was Anthony."
"Ultron." Steve, Natasha, and Tony answer immediately. That's when their secrets had nearly destroyed them, and that's when Steve had decided Tony couldn't be trusted when his emotions were involved.
Steve lights up instantly, and a moment later, he has his arms full of Tony, dipping the slighter backwards to give him a searing kiss on the lips. He murmurs his thanks against Tony's lips, his arms squeezing Tony like he's not ever planning to let go, and for once, Tony's grateful towards fate.
And then he remembered Rhodey telling him about the designs Pepper had found on Obadiah's desk. They're usually very careful and it would've replaced the design before Obadiah knew it was gone; but there's still the chance that he knew regardless. Now that Howard was dead, all he had to do was take Tony out. His friends, too. He's not worried about Rhodey or Pepper; and even if he were, he'd get there before Obadiah could touch a hair on their heads.
Steve manages just the slightest quirk of his lips, leaning down just enough for his breath to ghost against Tony's earlobe, "If you've still got some energy left, I think I got something to help burn it out."
"Tony, please." Steve pleads, and he wishes oh so much that he could just go back in time and stop all this from happening because while they always argued and bickered, he never wanted Tony as his enemy; not even in the bunker where he thought stopping Tony was the best way to save him, "Don't do this. If it has to be anyone, let it be me. Don't take it out on them. Please don't do this."
"I don't want to fight you again, Tony," The blond holds both hands up in a motion of surrender, "You and I, we've - we've always done our best fighting together. I know there's a lot of bitterness between us but I don't want to fight another battle against you.
person for me." Tony reassures him, and then he drops his hand to take Steve's in it and nods his head in the direction of the elevator, "Let's go home?"
"You're telling me I won't have to smell Clint's sweaty feet in a confined space for the next four days?" Sam asks him, and though Tony doesn't turn in his direction, he can just feel the relief in the air, "I don't know what changed but holy hell, I'll take it."
." Sam snaps back, "She's a grown ass woman who put her vindication's ahead of a world she's sworn to protect. It doesn't matter what our personal feelings toward each other are. There should be no debate on this in general. We save the world. That's
There's no sign of Tony for the rest of the day, though Steve isn't sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. He wants to trust Tony and say that the worst is behind them; and yet, with their recent conversations and the way Tony
"Oh, Tony." Pepper says with a sigh, and while her voice is usually so soft and unassuming, everyone else is so quiet she's practically shouting. She turns to the rest of the pack, her shoulders slumped like she's got the whole world balanced on top of them, "We'll need a game plan. Someone to stay with Tony. The rest of you will come with us to the wake. There are stylists up-"
Steve clears his throat, leaning past Tony to pick up the mug he'd discarded. He turns away, his focus on the sink as he washes it out, "Enlisted out of high school. Never had the time."
"Anthony Edward Stark," A shrill voice calls out from behind him. He's slightly mortified that he was so wrapped up in watching the pack and their reactions to his workshop that he didn't notice the elevator's ping.
"Please. Do not pretend you're doing this out of your feelings of friendship with him." the witch spits out, and Steve can already see the way Tony is tensing out of the corner of his eye, "Youre just here on behalf of the sorcerer who claims we need Stark to save the universe."
Tony rolls his eyes, raising a hand in a light smack against Steve's shoulder, "Come on. You're always taking care of me. I'm a mess in the kitchen so this is all I can do, so let me."
"I don't want to hear that from the guy that jumps from rooftops on a regular occasion." Tony scoffs, and he winces as he pulls himself onto his feet. The suit absorbs most shocks, thankfully; but he's still a human in a metal suit. Something's digging into his calf and he can feel it.
He can go and ask, of course, but he can also do what he's been doing for years and just run again. He turns back to the entrance, his hunger be damned.
"It was a long time ago," Steve explains, and he's looking at his shoes with a heightened interest. Tony is looking over at him, eyebrows drawn, because surely, that's not really much of an explanation. Steve moves, then, taking jerky steps forward and dropping himself down onto the stool beside Tony's car, "Bucky and I -- we grew up together, you know? We spent all our time together and got into a lot of trouble together, too. But you should know that mate bonds are important in the wolf community. Everyone expected us to be mates when we turned 18,  but we weren't. We aren't meant to be."
"I regret skipping this step before we got married." Steve says, and his fingers are clammy and fumbling with the velvet box. He pops it open, and sitting inside is a pair of simple silver bands.
made and it hurts. What am I supposed to do, Steve? I don't want to hurt you, and I don't like the idea of anything I make hurting you, but there's nothing else I can do -- and Obadiah is just going to keep making demands and I have no choice but to keep fulfilling his demands because otherwise he might hurt you and-"
That elicits just the slightest of snorts from Steve's nostrils, and the blond dips his head down. Tony's heart races, thinking that they'll finally have their first kiss; and yet, Steve just presses his lips against Tony's cheek and releases the brunet. He moves away, slowly but deliberately, to scour through the cabinets for microwaveable popcorn.
"Steve-" Tony says softly, attmpting to cut him off in case it was too painful for him for him to describe.
"Stark." Natasha greets through thinly pressed lips, because she sees no reason to sit through an awkward silence. She's the most relaxed out of all of them, a trait that Tony's suddenly jealous of, "Is this where you're staying tonight?"
Steve growls again as he hears the plea, and in the next moment, he has two fingers in Tony's mouth. Tony knows what he's supposed to do, of course, and his eyes never break away from Steve's as he coats the two digits in saliva. He has lube somewhere for the main event, of course, but at least to aid in the prep, this will do. Steve watches him, hungry like he's never seen the blond, and his fingers are replaced with Steve's lips pressing against his.
"I don't know if I can do this, Sam," he admits, and he's surprised by his own willingness to admit it, "I haven't designed weapons in years. I've got no resources, no time, and no ideas."
"Don't. You are vastly outnumbered and out-powered here," Stephen says, his tone dry and heavy. When they look around, there are indeed dozens of monks just waiting around them and ready to strike.
"Then you can sit out here and when they get here, you tell them to come in." The metal armed man says now, and after giving the army man a clap on the shoulder, he bumps his shoulder against Tony's and makes his way up the stairs.
Sleeping in the luxurious bed provided for him in the Avengers Tower was but a distant memory that he found himself longing for desperately.
The third week is, whether fortunately or unfortunately, quiet. There are no alien invasions, he's mostly caught up on his R&D work, and suddenly he has so much free time and no idea on how to spend it.
Everyone turns to Tony in expectation, and the brunet has a haunted look on his face. He's a little pale, too, beads of sweat forming on his forehead despite the cool air surrounding them.
He turns just enough to angle his body in Tony's direction, "And then we dealt with the Chitauri and met you in a bar. I knew I waited too long the second he started laughing with you. I can't really blame him. You
, that wanted what I symbolize more than you wanted me." Tony gripes, and he tilts his head back down. If they thought he had forgiven and forgotten, they were sorely mistaken. His gaze is full of hatred as it darts from person to person and then settled on Steve, "And you. Oh. There's so much I can say about you-"
Steve closes the distance between them, bringing both hands up to gently cup Tony's face between them. It's a surprise that Tony's even let him get this close; and judging by the weight of stares pressing into the back of his head, his team's got questions.
, that I didn't want anything to have to do with it. It has nothing to do with Steve, personally, and even now I think that if I hadn't been born, maybe he'd have a better mate like-"
”Our freedom was worth less to Stark than his company.” Clint retorts easily, and he shakes his head in disagreement, “I had a family, kids to take care of, and yet he stood back and got us arrested.”
"The guy with the metal arm. You were a thing, weren't you?" Tony asks, and as soon as the words are out, he hates his lack of a filter. He doesn't know any of them well enough to be asking, and he doesn't want Steve thinking he's jealous, even though he is.
He asks, raising a hand to let his finger graze over his swollen lower lip. He was still thinking about that kiss they shared. Just like he had thought, it would be impossible to forget Steve now that they've had a taste for each other. When there's no answer coming from her end of the call, Tony finds the determination to plow through,
At the age of 21, as soon as he could inherit his mother's vast wealth, Tony decided he wanted no part of his father's weapons company or the wolf pack he was supposedly part of. He left behind his entire legacy in order to live a life of freedom.
"Into the garage." Is all he says; and while Bucky grumbles about not being Tony's personal chauffeur, he pulls into the garage along a line of well-maintained classic cars.
The following morning -- okay, it's more like afternoon because everyone went to sleep pretty late; and in Tony's case, didn't have a moment
Steve slides his hand beneath the hem of Tony's shirt, and he's filled with satisfaction at the way Tony's breath hitches. The genius always has words and sarcastic comments; so any time Steve can knock him speechless, he's understandably proud of himself. And when Steve pulls back from the kiss in order to drop his head and nip at the mark he left on Tony's neck, Tony writhes in pleasure and he sounds so beautiful crying out in pleasure that Steve instantly finds himself wanting more.
He'd been friends with Howard once upon a time, when Tony was a child who was sent away to boarding school. How Tony ended up his mate was totally by chance; but Steve can't help the anger that builds. To Howard, for neglecting his child for so long and not valuing him; and to Obadiah, who was seen to be a better father than Howard himself and still wanted to kill him.
"But Tony, he is your father," Wanda tries from the back of the group. Tony remembers how she'd shared that her and Pietro's family had died many years ago.
"Dude just can't catch a break," Clint groans out, and considering his initial reluctance in having Tony join them, his reaction is unexpected.
"And I appreciate that. I do, Steve." Bucky responds, calm and mature and Steve's decidedly taken aback by his friend's disposition, "But I think that right now, you need to let Stark know it was never about choosing me over him. Because if the roles were reversed, I would've felt the same way."
It's silent for a minute, and then Captain America is crouched down beside his suit, looking entirely like he's ready to yank the armor off all together.
"I have someone who came out here even though it's dangerous." Tony answers, and Captain America is so obviously taken aback by his words, "If my partner's gonna be walking into danger I might as well do my part to protect-"
"You've already given up a lot because of me, Steve." Tony says, and though there's the slightest flicker of rage in Steve's eyes, Tony continues, "I don't want you to get hurt because of me, too."
"Do you remember slamming your shield down on my chest, Steve?" Tony asks, eyebrow twitching and one hand trailing down to his chest to rub it like there's still something pressed against it, "I was lucky that the arc reactor wasn't keeping me alive because you
"Tony, I-" but while he's great with battle plans and throwing a shield around, he doesn't have the slightest clue on how to talk about his
"You're so good, sweetheart." Steve tells him, his voice husky and full of adoration, and Tony feels himself flush as his cheeks hollow.
He scowls at the first name, which is well -- understandable -- but he softens considerably. Virginia, who otherwise went by the nickname Pepper, and James, who otherwise went by the nickname Rhodey, were the friends he had given up when he went on the run. He missed them terribly. Would it really be alright to contact them?
Tony waits a beat, but finds himself floored when no one speaks up in his defense, "You're just going to
"Okay let's make this a vote by majority, then." He speaks up, and everyone turns to him expectantly, "Anyone who wants to stay for another night, say-"
"The movie starts at 8, Stark." Natasha's voice quips from the other end of the room, and Tony falters for a moment as his eyes turn to the redhead.
But like Steve can read his mind, which often feels like the case, blue eyes shoot open. There's no warning aside from that; but if Tony were more alert, he would've seen it coming when Steve shifted and rolled himself ontop of the brunet. His lips are curled back into a proud smirk; and at times like these, Tony really wants to punch him in his pretty teeth. Instead, he does the daring thing and bucks his hip against Steve's; and the growl of warning falls empty.
"Threats come up empty." James replies, his gaze shifting from Steve to Clint and back, "Trust me when I say it's a promise."
There is no answer, and to be honest, Tony isn't actually expecting one. He just enjoys his free meal and wonders how they knew to bring Tony a cellphone, as ancient as it was.
"I know I didn't make it easy on you yesterday, Tony, but it wasn't out of jealousy -- not the kind of jealousy that you're thinking about, anyway." Bucky says from behind him, and Tony's slow to return to his stool so they can resume their conversation, "I guess part of me was just so angry because Steve was chasing after you and so earnest and you just didn't want anything to have to do with him."
As much as he knows he'd love 'the Hobbit' if he were able to pay attention to it, Tony can't get himself comfortable enough to watch the actual movie. His thoughts are racing in his head; but whenever he feels like his breath is starting to hitch and that he's going to fall victim to a panic attack, Steve shifts just a little, proving to be just what he needs to ground himself each time. It's not the best distraction, of course, but Steve's hand gently rubbing his shoulder, coupled with the rest of the pack's inability to remain silent during the movie, it makes it just a little easier for him to sit through it.
had them?" Tony hears himself echo, if only so he could force it to sink into his head faster, "That makes no sense. I mean, yeah, neither of them were supportive when I said I was
"Then at least I'll get to be near you. At least some of the hollowness in my heart will be filled." He doesn't mean for it to sound biting, but it does.
Stephen takes a long breath as if to steady himself, and they watch as cloak that was tied to his shoulders undoes itself and floats away like it wants to be as far from the conversation as it possibly can. Steve can definitely relate to that feeling.
"James Rhodes is the difference." Natasha concludes, and her gaze flickers to Sam for the shortest of moments. So does Steve’s. It's not hard to come to that conclusion.
him. Not when he's looking at Tony with so much love that it practically encompasses the entire room.
It seemed too good to be true, and that's because it was. Not even a full day later, the Avengers are back at the compound  Upstate, New York. The building was a hollow reminder of what they lost: abandoned, dusty, lifeless.
And come at him, he does. There's an ugly battle in the Malibu house, but he's the only one who was there to begin with; and as he's falling into the sea with the rest of his Malibu mansion crumbling and following him in, all he can do is think of Steve and why he let pride get in his way when he wanted nothing more than to be in Steve's steady arms.
"Tony!" Steve finds himself shouting; and while he's flinging himself to get closer to the brunet, his teammates are trying to stave Wanda off.
"Not yet but..." Steve trails off, and the answer is clear even if the wording isn't. He'll just have to work through this somehow. There's no other chance.
"You say a lot about family and needing each other, Cap," the metallic voice coming from the suit has never sounded so hollow, "but I couldn't even protect mine."
"Steve?" Tony asks, and he's not pulling away, just speaking against the pale skin and feeling Steve shudder beneath him, "Can I mark you?"
"You know that's not going to work." Tony mutters, and Steve's face falls considerably. For an alpha, he's surprisingly emotional, "But I'll make a compromise."
The blond pulls back slowly, and his gaze is stern even though his eyes are wavering, "Even at the worst of our fights, I wouldn't want to hear that you were in trouble from the news. We're married, Tony. You should've told me. I should've been there with you."
"Did we miss something?" Natasha asks, and her eyebrow is raised pointedly, her apparent mood betraying that they better not have missed something. She turns to Scott when both Sam and Clint turn away from each other and refuse to explain their behavior, "Do you have an explanation for this?"
"And uh - what are your thoughts on the matter?" Tony asks, because just because they decided to get married on a drunken whim doesn't mean either of them were happy with it.
"Tony. He wouldn't want you living here by yourself." Natasha's creeping closer almost unknowingly, her batons tucked away and her hands up in a placating gesture like Steve had chosen to go with earlier.
Loving, bright Tony with his smart and cutting words and his many complex gadgets and his ability to make everyone feel welcome and warm or like they're being tossed into a lion's den when he can't find a redeeming quality in them. Tony was now treating him, and the rest of their team, with the kind of hatred even the worst of Iron Man's enemies hadn't received.
Everyone's expectant gaze turns back to Tony, because as much as they don't want to hear it, they need to.
And just like that, every notion of going back to work flies out of Tony's head. The deadline can wait. Tony needs Steve, and
Sam seems to have the ability to read his mind. Or maybe Tony's making things more obvious than he thinks he is.
"Would he really revive Ultron?" Clint asks, and the horror is seeping into his tone. That was a chapter in their team story that everyone desperately wanted to forget.
The way he says it, with his lips curled back in disgust, causes Steve's heart to constrict. The way James talks about it makes it sound like there's more to the story.
Natasha swallows, and it looks so painful that it causes Steve's throat to dry out. Had Tony always felt that way? That he was just a convenience and someone who could be used to everyone else's ends?
Tony doesn't waste any time. He's nervous but he just needs to hear that voice again. So he thumbs back over the contacts and clicks on Steve's name. Unlike Pepper, when their call connects, there's silence on the other end. Tony wants to wait and see if Steve will end the stalemate between them, but he remembers Steve's text.
so they did the dirty, and now tony's officially going to give the mate bond a chance with steve, who really does seem to love him. how cute.
Steve rocks on his feet, and his expression is wide and pleading and so earnest it reminds Tony of a puppy. It's not fair that a man with such a burly physique can have the expression he's wearing right now and get away with it. He doesn't make any effort to move on his own, though, and that seems to be enough to frustrate Steve into pulling Tony along whether he wants to go or not. His fingers are intertwined with Tony's, and his hand is only slightly bigger yet seems to envelope his hand fully.
Tony grabs her by the neck and throws her out the shattered window. She won't die, because she's Natasha; but seeing the cruelty Tony's showing a former teammate unsettles Steve in a way he's never expected.
"Guess you'll have to try harder next time," Tony manages, his tone teasing. It's not the best idea to edge on an alpha like this; even one with as much patience as Steve. He might be gentle like Tony's made of glass on most occasions, but the guy's got at least 50 pounds on him.
"I must've done something wrong if you've still got this much energy left." Steve says between his grit teeth, ducking his head so he can bite down on Tony's mark. It's not a playful type of nip. In fact, Tony hisses when he feels the sharpness of Steve's teeth.
"Well we can't let you face her alone again after what happened the last time." Steve disagrees, waving a hand in the general direction of Vision's forehead.
"I fell in love with him when he was still the scrawny kid that stood up to bullies and got beat up daily." Bucky says wirhout preamble, and Tony just stares at him for a moment without knowing what to do.
He watches the realization dawn on Tony's face. It's not something he's told the brunet about before, and it's obvious it's not something Tony imagined he would've said. Tony's not too good with emotional vulnerability; and he's seen it time and time again.
Which doesn't happen. Tony's eyes fly open; and all the anger that they had managed to drain out of him is back with a vengeance. He raises a hand to his chest and pulls the entire metal shard out of his chest. He doesn't even grimace, though that might have to do with how he'd had his entire chest operated on while he was awake and in Afghanistan.
Tony pushes at his chest, eyebrows furrowed in frustration. What does that mean? Why would Steve wait for someone damaged like Tony, when he's gorgeous, young, and can kiss like
you were with me- the media knows it, too. If I show up there with all of you, you become accomplices."
"We got a lock on a weakness." Tony tells the team, and he aims another blast at the alien's chest, "Headshot straight through. Nothing else can take it down."
He gets off his knees slowly, keeping eye contact with Tony as he shifts forward. If words aren't enough to convince the genius, actions will be. He knows that Tony reacts better with touch and affection than he does verbal affirmation. And if that's what Tony needs for reassurance, Steve would give him that.
The trio releases the breath they've been holding all together, and Clint and Natasha hurry into the portal before Tony can, possibly to tell the others that Tony's agreed to go along.
"I wouldn't let you, even if you wanted to." Tony answers, and his grin is genuine as he pats Bucky's hand and stands up, "He makes me happier than anything in this decade, too."
Tony's not too good with humans. That's why most of his friends growing up were bots he programmed himself. He wonders why the others thought it would be a good idea to have Sam come find him, considering his earlier reaction to Tony's weapons history.
"What will it take to get you off my trail?" He tries again, his anger coiling in his frame and his fists shaking from within their confines.
"No kidding," Tony mutters in agreement, and they share another chuckle. Tony looks at his new companion, finding that he's genuinely interested in Sam's backstory. How did an army-man like him end up in a pack like Steve's, following a mere
"I don't need to remind you of what happened over there when you lived it, man." Sam says with a shake of his head, and for whatever reason, it does make Tony feel that much more relaxed about the conversation, "But I can see it in your eyes. You still get nightmares. You still feel trapped. I'm just trying to tell you that, as a pack, we're here for you. This ain't something you've gotta brush aside because you're afraid of getting close."
"He's been opening up more." Sam says from the countertop. He had given up on the unofficial group huddle, deciding that he could still hear and be a part of everything without being squished between Thor and Bruce. Sam had spent a little while with Tony; he actually threw the idea at Steve before Steve could go find the genius. Steve was surprised, of course, but remembering how he Bucky and met Sam, it made sense.
"Fuck me." Tony says, and while he wants it to be a demand, it sounds more like a plea, "I want you to fuck me. Please."
His forehead is creased much like it was earlier, and Tony understands it's probably because he's still covered in oil; but it might be because his anxiety is showing on his body, clear as day.
Tony's heart skips a beat, his lower lip trembling just from the calling of his name. He knew what he was going to be giving up years ago, but still, just hearing her voice made him long for the home he once had. His fingers grip at the small flip phone, and possibly hard enough to dent the metal, "
"Where were we? Something about losing trust and Ultron?" Tony asks, and his suit retracts in his skin to show his face. His expression is blank and his body is poised like he's in a business meeting.
Tony chuckles around his length, and takes advantage of the shudder that racks through Steve's body from the vibrations to take as much of Steve's dick into his mouth. He works his head, feeling the tip hit the back of his throat and causing a few tears to pool in his eyes. Way back when, when he did this type of thing regularly, Tony didn't have much of a gag reflex. It's something he'll have to recondition his body with, that's for sure.
And then the voices from inside stop all together, and a moment later, James strolls out. He looks as confident as he had earlier, his uniform straightened and looking completely put together as he smirks at the crowd and slips past them. Bucky, on the other hand, trails after him with swollen lips and his shirt hitched up. Steve doesn't want to know what they had been up to.
Halfway through the movie he can't pretend to be paying attention to, a thought forms in Tony's head. Steve's still half hard from their make out session in the kitchen, though he keeps shifting in his seat in an effort to hide it. Slowly, and with his eyes fixed on the screen in front of them, he places his hand on Steve's thigh. Steve flickers his gaze down to Tony's hand, then looks up at Tony and away, embarrassed but not pushing the hand off him.
"God. She's just a kid." Clint groans, tilting his head back in contemplation, "We got her out of that HYDRA base hoping she'd make more of herself and she just turned around and rejoined them? What did we do wrong with her? Where did we
"Please don't get handsy. I'm a taken man." Tony quips half heartedly, groaning as he forces himself to sit up.
, neither Steve nor Bucky could have the happiness they wanted to have with each other. Steve had met him, and the pull of fate had him following Tony across the country and dragging the metal-armed man along.
"Wanda will not be persuaded, and unless you get to Tony Stark first, she will kill him." Stephen answers, and he thrums his fingers along the surface of the dining table.
He tries not to let the disappointment build, biting back an involuntary response that makes him want to tell Steve to stay, if only to keep him company. The alpha's got an entire pack, and all of them love spending time with him. Tony's just an outsider, he can't keep expecting for all of Steve's attention. He grabs a rag from the little setup he's situated nearby the car, using it to wipe his hands down. He'll need to take a shower at some point, but this will have to do for the moment.
"Hold on. He has something else to say and I want to hear it." Tony replies, and he shrugs his shoulder in order to knock Bucky's hand off of it. He continues staring -no, glaring- at Steve in challenge. Up until now, they've had a decent, easy kind of relationship. Of course adding Howard into the mix wpould change everything.
that Tony can't even hear his own thoughts. He forces his eyes shut, using his thumb and pointer finger to try and ease some of the tension out of them, and when his eyes open again, they find Steve's unwavering gaze. Those blue eyes are filled with what seems to be sorrow; whether the sorrow is for Tony or for the people that fell victim to the weapons he'd created, is another thing all together.
"Should we move the..." Scott trails off, pointing just a finger at the discarded Iron Patriot armor.
He really should've taken care of it while he was at the tower. Now he's never going to hear the end of it.
The blond is quiet for a beat, then lowers his head in what might just be a nod, "I don't want you to feel like I'm just using you for your money, Tony. I know I don't have the money you do, but I can take care of the both of us."
"So what's the plan?" Steve asks, directing his question to Vision. He knows how hard it must be to have to take out someone he loves; and while he and Tony had gotten close to it in the past, there's no way it can hold a candle to how torn up the situation makes the android feel.
Steve reaches down between them and grips both of their cocks in one hand, and he pumps them together. Tony writhes at the pleasure, his head thrown back as he pants. Steve takes the opportunity to duck down, his teeth nipping once more at the mark he'd left behind.
And this is where the story gets harder to tell. He's sweating now, his lungs constricting just from the memories. He's never really told anyone outside of Howard and Obadiah what had happened there, and this is a group he barely knows.
"Do you want me to stop?" Tony asks, because if Steve says yes, he'll pull away without another attempt. But if Steve wants it, all he has to do is say yes.
He finds himself grateful that no one else seems to be up; and after having a quick shower and tugging on a pair of clothes he had Pepper send over to the house for him when he originally made the plan to stop at the Virginia house, he makes his way to the kitchen and turns his coffee maker on.
Steve walks in at that moment, arms overburdened by paper shopping bags. He pauses in the threshold as he looks them over, eyebrows raised in a silent question.
Tony had gone through so much, and most of it on his own. Steve felt like nothing more than a failure of a mate to know his one and only was going through so much and there was so little he could do about it.
long to think about it. His head tilts back and his eyes flutter shut and there's a bead of sweat that trails down from his temple that Tony for the life of him can't seem to look away from.
"If you just wanted a fight I'm sure Iron Man would've been happy to share the battlefield that was once our home." Steve grits out, his jaw tense and his eyes roaming the room to mentally calculate their chances. It doesn't look good in their favor, that's for sure.
"Fine. You win this argument." Steve decides, but Tony is frozen where he stands and continues to stare at the blond's back when the taller of the pair doesn't seem to have any interest in turning around.
Tony hears a story somewhere in there, but Clint looks like he's about to be swallowed by the syrup and Tony just hasn't had enough sleep for the blond's dry humor.
"I totally underestimated how rich you were," Sam scoffs in amusement, and his eyes are twinkling as he looks around.
Unknowingly, he follows the fragrance all the way into the kitchen, where the world's smallest and ugliest coffee maker is dripping away. There's an empty mug just sitting on the counter, and Tony gravitates towards it without so much as a thought. In three seconds flat, he has the mug filled and brought to his lips to take a deep gulp of the miracle water
Tony's mom died when he was 17, right after he graduated from his bachelor's program at MIT. He was at home for the summer, with no plans of the future and just wasting away at celebrity parties he was invited to just because of who his father was. Howard and his mother, Maria, were busy that summer, too; invited to house parties, boat parties, movie premiers, and even the occasional gala. But all of a sudden, Maria got sick. It wasn't really all of a sudden, but Starks don't let the outside world see their vulnerabilities, and she died a very slow and painful death with Tony by her side and no Howard to be seen.
"No, honey. I'm alright today." He soothes; and while Steve doesn't look convinced, he allows for Tony to get up and walk away in the direction of the bathroom to clean his mouth off.
"You couldn't have used the front door?" Clint scoffs, and he turns back to his cooking like he doesn't care. He does, though, if the trembling of his body is any indication.
had a birthday celebrated with his family. His only friends were little bots that he created himself. He got so used to being alone that he made it his life's purpose to stay alone."
Finally, Tony pulls back, and his hands rest onto Steve's shoulders as he looks the blond square in the eye. It's still early in their relationship and he knows it. There's still so much that can go wrong; and so many ways they can hurt each other. But Steve took a chance on him years ago, and even though he knew his body would claim otherwise, Steve was content with just watching from a distance to ensure his safety. If anyone's going to be Tony's mate, there was no one better for the role than Steve Rogers.
. Tony, you are mine." Steve tells him, and he's breathless, his entire body shaking like he's fighting himself at this very moment, "You are mine and I can't have you. I know you want me to leave you alone, but I've gone so long without you."
"Alternate realities?" Scott asks, and he leans forward in his chair in interest, "I'm no quantum physicist but the gist of it is-"
"I'm fine, Steve. If something were to happen I would've called you." He urges, and he reaches out to cup Steve's face; but the blond turns his head at the last second.
But Tony had never pointed a finger in anyone's direction and decided if they were worth saving or killing. He never intentionally hurt anyone.
He gathers his wallet and his cellphone, tugs his shoes on, and hurries out the bedroom door. He's not sure of what time it is, but the sun's peeking through the blinds at the window, and the apartment is so silent that the only thing he hears is the sound of his own heartbeat.
Steve's voice is full of emotion, and Tony wonders just how many times he's broken the blond's heart without even knowing it.
Steve is still at his side, though Tony can't entirely feel him in the moment. the whole situation just feels too bizarre for him. The dining room was only ever used for special occasions, and normally, Tony ate his dinners alone at the kitchen counter.
"Bro, you flew a nuclear warhead into space." Sam guffaws, his tone full of disbelief as he points a finger up in the sky, "If you were pretending to be a hero then you ought to be nominated for an Oscar."
"A nice ceremony on a beach would fare well!" Thor chims in, his gaze faw away peaceful, "We should take great haste in finding an auspicious day."
"He can and he will." Is Stephen's definite answer, "If things remain on the course in which they are going now, Tony Stark will be the downfall of the entire human race."
"None of us have dads anymore. Some of us never met our dads, some of us were hurt by them; but you?" Steve's bristled in his anger, his shoulders shaking in a way that always reminds Tony of Howard as he pulls forward even with Bucky trying to hold him back, "I get wanting to get away from him because you felt oppressed. I never wanted you to come back because of him. But he's
"Hey, what about the garage door?" Tony asks, half to change the subject from the emotional vulnerability, and half because he doesn't want anyone driving off with his car.
Tony makes a face as his eyes shoot from Wanda to Bruce. He's not much of a tea drinker, and considers it fancy leaf juice, but Bruce's disappointed expression could seriously rival even Steve's.
"What do you mean, Tony?" Wanda asks, her soft voice full of worry as she lifts a small hand and presses it onto his shoulder. Her touch is as gentle as her voice; like even a dusting her fingers will cause him to break like the mug.
this chapter is a lot shorter than previous ones. sorry. I’m just — brain shut down. but yeah I’m sorry for the lack of content. if it sucks — god I really hope it doesn’t suck.
At that point, he's openly begging to be fucked already, but Steve takes his sweet time to prepare Tony. He knows he needs it, because Steve is
Surprisingly, Tony laughs. It's bright, but sounds forced. He turns to watch as the monks carry Wanda's body out of the room, then reclaims his seat like nothing's happened.
James Rhodes, fondly called Rhodey by Tony, had lost his life in their battle in Berlin: tragically, unnecessarily. Tony only found out after a long stay in a local emergency room, where he was forced to deal with the aftermath of his fight with Steve and Bucky. He never recovered and went deep into hiding off-grid.
Okay. Well, he wasn't expecting for Steve to have company when he's planning to unveil his deepest secret; but for now, at least, just seeing Steve will have to do.
He's cut off by the first 'I,' that comes from none other than Clint. He wants to glare, but his attention is torn away from Clint when not a second later, everyone else in the room follows his cue. Steve, the cheeky bastard, also votes in approval, but his eyes are glinting in mischief like he's planning on Tony's compliance.
To see Bucky in his apartment without Steve as a buffer is a strange thing that catches Tony completely off guard.
He takes his time in the bathroom, rolling his shoulder to ensure that it's just scraped and not broken. Thankfully, it was only a surface wound, and the bleeding had already stopped hours ago. The grease in his hair is cleaned off easily enough, and he feels like a brand new person when he finally steps out of the shower.
The room falls silent as they consider the points being thrown in their direction, and Steve wets his lips. He feels like he's been running for weeks, not hours. How was he supposed to wrap his head around this whole thing? There were other possible outcomes? There was a chance Tony would have helped them instead of going after Bucky straight away? Rhodey wouldn't have died?
who just wouldn't listen to him no matter how many times he begged and plead for them to leave the weapons industry behind.
day as long as he's in town, "I see the look in your eyes so I'm guessing you're the mate. No worries. Tony started at M.I.T when he was 15, and I promise you, there's no bigger boner crusher than having to have watched the kid get through
The stranger gestures vaguely to the dining table, then moves to sit at the head of it. If they were at the compound, that seat would belong to Steve; but here, there is no Avengers hierarchy. There's just a group of teammates running and hiding like cowards because they have no clue about what's going on.
Steve's hands, just lightly gripping at either side of his waist, tighten their hold. Tony can see the gears in his head turning and finds himself wondering what it is Steve is thinking about. It's not his business entirely, but he can't blame himself for being curious.
And then he's cut off by Tony curling his fingers into the shirt across his chest and pulling him close. Their first kiss isn't really much of a kiss; more like a clanking of teeth and a brush of awkwardly placed lips. Tony kisses him for a good few seconds, and Steve's eyes are blown open as he watches with crossed eyebrows. He's stock still, his heart in his throat and his gut tightening because this was only something he's imagined on a whim.
Wanda sends out a blast of power that knocks everyone off of their feet. Steve finds himself pressed against his shield, picking it up with nothing more than instinct. It's been so long without it and yet it feels like he's never let it go.
"You're here as friends but you've all got sharp things pointed at me." He remarks, his tone dry and just the flicker of amusement passing along his expression. He takes a step forward, unashamed and unafraid, and Steve watches with bated breath as he stops just before Bucky. They could both hurt each other so easily, and he could do nothing about it.
"I want you to lose it." Tony bites back, lips curled into what he knows is a cocky grin. Steve inhales, a sharp sound that's followed by a little whimper, but he manages to hold himself back. Tony doesn't want to be held like glass right now, and he wants to make it clear. That's why he leans forward, letting his teeth nip at the mark he's left behind on Steve's pale skin.
Until he's naked, that is; where praise makes his entire body flush in a way that makes Steve grateful he's the only one who can see it like such.
But right now, the only thing that's swimming in his head is the desire to save Tony - to bring back the futurist who loved his bots, drank coffee like it was a youth elixir, took care of them, and tried his best to protect the world despite his insecurities.
Stephen's gaze flickers from Steve to Wanda, and with a flicker of his eyes, something wraps over her hands over the table and quells her powers. They startle, grabbing for their weapons because that's an act of hostility if they've ever known one.
And then Steve rounds the corner. When Clint sees the expression on Steve's face, he grabs onto Tony's shoulder, pushes him in Steve's direction, and sprints in the direction of the kitchen. Spluttering about Clint being a traitor, Tony hoists himself up using Clint's shoulders and runs. It manages to erupt into a big, awkward game of leap frog as they attempt to get away from Steve. The blond is no longer angry as he follows. He's instad bellowing in laughter and his stomping slows as a result of it.
sort of privacy. That ought to count for something, right? The conversation from the kitchen is subdued from out here, and they're all straining to hear of whether or not they'll be gaining a new packmate.
Steve reaches his hands up gently, knowing he has to cut off Tony's nervous rambling before he gives himself a panic attack. He cups Tony's face, and a pang of sorrow hits him in the chest. It made much more sense now, Tony shutting him out and avoiding him. Tony's not too good with vulnerability, and this is his way of getting around it; he thinks he'll spare Steve's feelings by shutting him out. He's afraid of losing Steve and the pack he's still not sure he's a part of.
i want to say we're drawing close to the climax but honestly? there's still so much i want to do with the plot. i feel like i need to bring the actual wolf part up, so that's probably coming in the next chapter or so -- and there's howard. and obadiah. and -- wow. i'm not entirely sure how i'll manage to pack all the shit i'm thinking about into this story.
Steve lifts his head slowly, and while he's not crying, his eyebrows are drawn as he looks up at him. He seems to understand where Tony's going with it, and with a deep sigh, he raises a hand and brushes the back of it against Tony's cheek, "Then that's okay, too. If you don't want to go back, I won't force you."
"Ever since the goddamn Avengers Initiative took off the ground, you've all taken from me; my home, my weapons, my money, my resources. I let you, because we were a team," and his voice is as empty as the look in his eyes, "but you lied to me, judged me, accused me of stabbing you in the back while leaving me alone to clean up your messes after you became international fugitives, and you took my best friend away from me."
He moves slow at first, soothing Tony with kisses as he pushes in until he's completely sheathed. He lets Tony set the pace to what he's comfortable with, and it doesn't take long for Tony's slow, tentative hip rolls to get faster. Steve is steady, easily able to keep up with him, but Tony can tell he's holding back. So bracing his legs, he pulls Steve in roughly.
Except he doesn't actually leave. He steps away from Tony to push the button on the wall that makes the garage door recede completely. He waits, silent as Tony stares after him, until the yard is fully visible, then turns to Tony with both hands tucked into his pockets.
"Yes. Anthony Stark." Tony confirms, and he registers the recognition flickering in Steve's eyes, "You might have seen my building?"
It's a relief to know his life wasn't lost in the process, that's for sure. They can use all the help they can get.
"Well what do you know." The Black Widow drawls as she saunters closer to the alien, "I can take it from here, boys."
Steve releases a growl of approval as he cups the back of Tony's head and pulls him closer, and while he's sure that it's going to be rough, Steve is as gentle with him now as he had been while they were crying together.
The other two cars are packed and ready, Tony realizes as soon as he drives his own out of the garage; but Steve's not in either of them. Steve throws the door open to the passenger side of his vehicle and climbs in with his lips pressed together and his face downcast. For such an expressive guy, Tony's suddenly having such a hard time of reading the alpha. Sighing with the thought that they were going to be silent for a little too long throughout the trip, Tony shifts into drive.
"You know I'd never." Steve cuts in, his head snapping up so quick he's grateful towards the serum in his veins so he doesn't give himself whiplash.
The humor is lost on them. Really, Tony needed a lesson on tactfulness. That's going to have to wait, though. Within minutes, he's in his car and ready to go. The vibranium is in his trunk, though it still needs to be shaped into something, and the particle accelerator sits on it like a weight.
Tony, fearful and ashamed of his past - a man who spent most of his life on the run, now feeling like he has to choose between family and duty.
And before he can register what he's doing, Tony spews out with, "We don't spend any time together. I know we're new to the marriage thing but I barely know you and you spend all your time with someone else. Steve if you don't want to be married to me just say so."
Tony scoffs, knocks his hand off, and that's enough to give him the resolve to walk away. He doesn't look back even once, and Steve doesn't even bother stopping him.
"I'm not a civilian." He responds, his words sounding distant and feeling like they're coming from someone else all together.
A man hurries around the table over to him. He's a little older, with curled hair sitting atop his head and a pair of crooked glasses on his face. Usually, that would annoy Tony to no end, but it works for the man. The man, who is wearing the old apron his old butler Jarvis would wear while cooking. He tries hard not to dwell on it.
Tony asks, and now he's actually panicking a little bit. He knows Howard knows about Steve and his pack, but he's not sure as to what extent.
"As long as we don't need to haul your ass to an urgent care center in the middle of the night, I'll look the other way." Sam supplies with a grin, but it's only now that Tony notices the strain on it.
Clint has his bow and arrows out, and he's shooting right at Tony with the very intention of taking him out, and it's no small feat that Tony is able to blast through the incoming arrow and blast Clint backwards against the wall. And then Natasha flings herself over the counter in his direction and -
James snorts, and Steve slowly steps back, shooting looks across the room and hoping everyone understands his silent command. As crass as the group is, this isn't really something they should weigh in on. They probably should've left sooner, Steve thinks. They're still standing outside th kitchen and pretending not to listen in, but it's at least
"I don't." Tony replies, and he hops off the table, closing the distance between himself and hunching forward so he can still look Steve in the eye, "And I don't want you to feel like you have to settle for me if you're not happy."
In the end, he takes a seat on the same couch as Bucky and waits for him to continue at his own pace.
As much as Tony wants for them to hold out, his orgasm had been building from the moment they started kissing. He can't last much longer, not when Steve feels so good inside of him. He's sure that that's what Steve is going for, too, and his fingers tighten their hold on Tony as he nears his climax.
"You are mine, Tony." Steve tells him against his lips, and his voice is so full of awe and wonder and love and -- his brain is seriously short circuiting.
"You don't eat like you should." Is Steve's response, by way of explanation. Tony's ears burn, both with embarrassment at being treated like a child, and with appreciation towards someone who seems more than willing to take care of him. Steve gestures over to the workbench, releasing Tony's hand so he can walk over and place the food down, "Come and eat. I'll leave you to your work when the plate's clear."
Sometime along the film, Sam and Bucky get up and return with several boxes of pizza. It does the trick of rejuvenating the pack for at least until the end of the movie; and now, chewing is more prevelant a sound than the chatter that had been going on for the first half. Steve has an entire pizza box that is resting between their laps, but even though he gives Tony that pointed look, Tony can't even pretend he's interested in food right now. No, the only thing Tony wants at this moment is a glass of whiskey -- no, make that an entire bottle.
"Tony?" Steve asks, his voice wavering and his arms reaching forward to him. He doesn't move forward, though, looking like he can't trust himself with Tony at all.
"As Tony's best friend and someone who thinks of him as a brother, it looks like I'm up for giving the shovel talk," he says it with a wide grin, and yet, his eyes are colder now, "so I'll keep this short and simple. I've seen too many people get away with using and hurting him and I won't sit back and let it happen again. If I get even an inkling of the feeling that Tony isn't safe with you, I
"If it means he can finally be free again, I'll get him to testify." Steve cuts in, and he'll have to apologize for being inconsiderate later. Right now, the most important thing is to put Obadiah away; if only so that Tony can feel like he can go home.
"You wanna talk about it, punk?" Bucky asks, and though it's not entirely forced, it comes out uneasily, like Bucky's not sure why he's the one who's comforting Steve.
If he really wants to get under the Captain's skin, he can question the man's leadership or make a quip about how they couldn't handle it without him; but all he can think of is Steve.
"You're injured." Captain notices, waving one uninterested gaze over his body and focusing on the leg with a metal panel that's definitely bent the wrong way.
"I'll be damned. Tony Stark is Iron Man." Hawkeye breathes out, and he shares a dirty look with a bemused Black Widow, "We owe Furt 50 bucks each."
"You're telling us that losing his friend is what it took for Stark to decide he wants to take over the world?" Clint asks with an eyebrow raised; and Steve can't help but agree with the sentiment.
"You're my husband now, Tony." Steve tells him, gentle and full of affection as he presses another kiss onto Tony's bare knee, "I'll worry about you for the rest of my life. That's just what being married means."
"I left it in Wakanda to be guarded there where Wanda can't get to it." Vision answers, "I believe she had the intention of handing it over to Thanos himself."
type isn't you, Tony. It never was. I know you said I did it to you, and I'd do anything to take what I did back. But you - god, Tony, I -"
Natasha answers with a fake smile of her own, her fingers twitching against the table, "You know that was my assignment. It wasn't anything personal."
Which, thinking back, was probably the truth. The raft was waiting for anyone who didn’t want to sign, and Tony was still in charge of a company that could’ve gone down when he did. Still, how could Steve not feel betrayed by the genius’s inability to compromise?
Steve smiles ruefully, his eyes opening again and his head turning back in Tony's direction, "I can't afford that. I work for the government, and they use me for covert operations. I can't let anyone know about me."
"Clint, 'Tasha, eyes outside." Steve issues; and it's short and precise, and both Clint and Natasha move with an elegance Tony hasn't expected them to have. Steve looks over at him for the briefest moment, and there's something flashing in his eyes, but it passes quickly as the alpha turns his head in Bucky's direction, "Sam, you and Bucky with me. The rest of you stay here. Protect Tony."
Tony sighs and turns away, walking over to a workbench. He'd left a tool kit on the surface earlier, and now was the best time to start working on his car, he decides. He can't be in the same space as Steve when he's jealous and guilty. Especially when he's got no right to be.
Clint had been sharing some sort of memory regarding Natasha, but Tony hadn't been paying attention much. Instead, he finds himself looking around the dining room. The old pictures that had been there throughout his childhood are still there, and a picture of Maria on the far wall feels almost life-like in quality. His eyes roam over the fine strokes of the brush on the canvas. He finds himself missing that kind smile, even if it were rare of her to point it in his direction.
"I fucked up, Tony. After Ultron, I stopped trusting you. You were always a loose canon and it felt like even on the best days, I couldn't get a read on you. So I didn't tell you about your parents, and that's on me. I got us involved in a fight when we couldn't compromise. I'm the reason Rho-"
"Coffee first, words later." Tony gripes, and he makes a beeline to the coffee machine. He grabs a mug and pours the caramel colored liquid into it; and they watch with silent stupification as he chugs the steaming liquid without hesitation.
"Where was I?" He asks after another moment, having been able to stave off what was going to be another panic attack.
"Are you sure you're in the right mind?" Steve asks, and Tony moves back enough to see Steve's entire face. Of coursee Steve would stop to ask if Tony felt like he was being taken advantage of in this type of situation.
And Tony decides he likes it when Steve is rough with him, hitting him deeply and making his toes curl in pleasure. He's sure he's conveying it with how loudly he moans, and Steve learns quickly. He doesn't last much longer, and when he cums and finishes riding his orgasm out, his body falls limp and Steve keeps going until his own thrusts become erratic and rough.
He cuts himself off with a sharp inhale, and Tony finally sees how much he's hurting the blond. It makes his heart clench. He knew he was going to hurt Steve since the day he woke up to find they were married; and yet, seeing it first hand-
"You look tired." Natasha quips easily, and Tony's eyes flicker from her, to Steve, and then the man sitting beside him and angling so far away that he's practically part of the wall.
He realizes he's looking for pity instantly. He's always hated pity, even as a child. There's no pity in Steve's eyes, though. There's only heartbreak there, and there are teams spilling across his face as he reaches out. His hand clamps down onto Tony's shoulder, and with a firm tug, he brings Tony in for a hug. It's more of a squeeze, and Steve's head drops onto his shoulder, lips pressing against Tony's collarbone. Tony wants to pull away, to crack a joke, to apologize or
"Tony Stark is a good man." Natasha answers Stephen, her own lips curled back into a snarl, "He is still grieving, but killing us won't change anything for him. Rhodey would still be dead, and he would just continue living with the reminder that he's killed his former teammates and friends."
"Tony, you sat back and allowed a world government decide whether or not we'd continue saving the world. You gathered your own allies, including a
"It's over, honey." Tony says, his voice low and calm as he runs his hand through Steve's damp hair.
Steve follows him in, wrapping one arm securely around his waist and pulling him back into a searing kiss. Tired and a little lightheaded from the activity, Tony leans all of his weight onto Steve and allows the blond to lick his way into Tony's mouth. Steve, the cheeky bastard, pulls back arter a rough nip on his lower nip.
"In this reality, with the way things are building up, there are very few outcomes." Stephen continues, and he's really got a knack of ignoring everyone else's input, "Stark revives the Ultron program, takes control of it to destroy the remnants of the Avengers, and then he surrenders the Earth itself to the destruction that will come along with the arrival of Thanos, the mad Titan."
And just at the demand, Steve lets go, like he's been waiting for permission. Tony follows not a moment later, and their bodies thrust forward against each other as they come down from it. Tony falls backward onto the bed, knowing his entire body is covered in sweat and cum, but unable to care much about it. Steve pulls himself out slowly, and Tony hisses from the sensitivity as the blond stands up to look for something to clean off with. He comes back toward him a minute later, and Tony is amused but not surprised when Steve cleans him off with a towel.
Steve joins him shortly after the front door swings shut, and he looks a little nervous as he creeps into the room. Tony stares at him with an eyebrow raised, questions dancing in his mind at the way Steve's acting like a high schooler about to ask his crush out on a date to the dance.
Steve licks his lip in a nervous manner, "Yeah. We're usually on clean up duty after something like this, so we've got to be on stand by."
"No." He says, flat and leaving no room for a disagreement. But like with most other things, Rhodey ignores him entirely and walks away.
Bucky takes a long moment to think about his words, then stands from Wanda's bed and joins Steve on the edge of Clint's, instead, "There's a lot of blame going around. Tony blames all of you. All of you take turns blaming yourselves and blaming him. I'm still wondering if maybe you should've just let me-"
Steve throws his shirt onto the floor behind him, and he looks like a lion stalking towards its prey. His eyes are blown wide, dark; and it takes him entirely too long to reach the bed.
Steve notices instantly, of course. It might be a mate thing, but it's more likely because of the way Tony draws into himself and shifts out of his arms. Steve doesn't reach out again when Tony leaves his arms, just stares at him with his eyebrows furrowed at Tony's behavior.
"So you'll just keep following me around until one of us dies?" Tony asks, scoffing as he turns his head away. Steve pulls his hand away like it's been burned.
Tony turns to look at him, but his gaze is far away as a longing smile twitches at the corners of his lips, "There's nothing that can be fixed, Steve. We were barely friends when we went into the Accords."
It works, obviously. Steve releases him onto the surface of the bed and crawls over him with Tony just watching with his jaw slacked.
"Go eat, sweetheart," Steve murmurs; and his voice is low enough for no one else to have heard it, "I'm not mad. Just try to eat a full meal before you disappear to your garage."
"I've never been more sure of anything in my life." Tony answers with the smallest quirk of his lips, and he reaches a hand up to run the tips of his fingers through Steve's soft blond hair. He gives it a little tug, and Steve silently tilts his head to give better access.
"I think... I'm going to go try that nap now." Tony decides, and the rest of them are surprised to hear it. Considering how adverse he is to sleeping, they figured they'd have to force him that way.
Bucky leaves just before midnight, and Tony's in bed already with the Starkpad in his hands. He could've joined them, but baseball was their thing and he's got upgrades to design for his latest battle armor.
A week later, Tony pulls off the highway onto the busy but near empty streets of a small village in Virginia. There's not much going on here, which is something he knows to be grateful for. He is a little irritated too, believe him. It's hard not to be, he thinks, as he drives his little sedan through dirt roads towards a big house secluded by woods around it. It's one of the houses his mom had given to him in her will, and while it's been maintained regulardly by housekeepers, it looks almost as though it's been abandoned. He wonders if Howard remembered this house, or if it were as unimportant to him as Tony's existence had proven to be time and time again.
Tony relents, but his smile is still wide and full of mirth as he reclaims his stool. Steve's at his side, but standing with a hand on his back. It's good to know that even the composed alpha gets a little jealous sometimes. Rhodey's eyes focus on the display, his gaze thoughtful until he pieces it together in his head. Then, because he's another little shit, he glides closer to Steve and sticks his hand out with a smile so charming that Tony nearly falls for the act.
When it comes down to it, though, they knew each other too well. They knew each other's fighting styles. Their personal weaknesses and strengths. Steve can still remember just how many cups of coffee Tony needed in the morning before a business meeting. He knew Clint's favorite crawl spaces for when he wanted to be alone after a rough night. He remembered what tea Natasha wanted after dinner.
Yeah. He did. He fucked everything up and only now does he realize what an idiot he's been because it's only now that he realizes he's been in love with Tony the whole goddamn time.
"Training tomorrow." Steve tells his team with the same short and to-the-point tone he'd used on Tony earlier.
She manages to rip off the cloth that had been dampening her powers, her fingertips covered in wisps of red power. She lifts the table and throws it in Tony's direction. He blasts it apart with just a flicker of his wrist. The table breaks apart, slamming into Scott and Clint. They both roll away, mostly uninjured.
Steve takes the rest of his clothes off as he grabs the lube, and Tony feels his throat dry as he takes in the well-built frame of the man fate decided was his. He looks down at himself, knowing he'll regret what he's about to do later, but forces himself to shrug off his shirt and toss it to the floor beside Steve's. When he looks up, Steve is staring at a chest full of scars that Tony has never shown another person before. He can't help but shrink at the gaze. He's not built like Steve. He's not
He bends down to brush a kiss against Tony's temple; and after just another moment to make sure it's not a ruse and Tony's about to wake up again, Steve leaves the bedroom. As much as he'd love to join in for a nap and hold the brunet close to his chest, he's still the leader of a pack and he needs to be around to assure them that everything will be alright; even if he's not so sure of that himself.
Steve pulls his hand until it's resting against the blond's chest. He can feel the steady beating of Steve's heart and fights back the whimper that makes him want to ask how Steve knows that. How the hell was Steve able to confidently claim they'd be okay?
"I love you, Steve." Tony utters out, and it takes a heartbeat for Steve to recognize the words. His eyes light up, much like the Christmas tree scenario Sam had invoked in his head. His eyes soften, and there are tears flowing freely down his cheeks. His lips split into a wide, charming grin, pearly white teeth and pink gums.
"Tony spent so much of his life being made to feel unimportant that somewhere along the way, he started to believe it." James explains, and it's the truth, "But if someone he cares about is involved, nothing else matters. Obadiah is going to keep using you as leverage, because he knows that; and Tony is going to keep building weapons, because that's the only thing he can do."
"What's on your mind, punk?" Bucky asks, one eyebrow raised as he crosses his arms over his chest and leans back against the counter.
Tony's eyes soften as he listens, because it sounds like such a terrible way to lose a lover, and a best friend.
this chapter is rated rated. i know the whole story is technically rated but this one includes smut. fun times, fun times. as always, i hope you enjoy this one. skip to the end for the note if you're uncomfortable reading smut.
"What do you mean you're not going?" Steve's voice asks from behind him; and he's calm and collected buyt there's that lilt of frustration in his tone that's so undeniably Steve.
Steve knows her history with Stark and yet can’t find anything in his heart that can understand her loathsome comments towards Stark. Even he, after everything had been said and done between himself and Tony, wanted nothing more than to help.
"Didn't expect to see you here today." Hawkeye quips, and he aims and shoots another arrow even though he's dangling from the Iron Man's grip.
Obadiah runs Stark Industries with Howard, and while Tony doesn't love the guy, he can appreciate the elder's business savvy.
"Still, it's good to have you as backup, Iron Man." Captain America tells him, and his tone even sounds a little relieved, "We could use the air support. Can you spot any weaknesses?"
Bucky doesn't even take a moment to hesitate, "I can't do that, Stark. You're going down a dark road and we don't want to watch you go down it."
"Tony," and it's because it's Bucky that's calling him that Tony pauses and turns his head, "You're a part of our pack now, too. We want to protect you like you want to protect us."
The kiss provides as a distraction as one of Steve's fingers trace the rim of his hole, and when Steve plunges his tongue into Tony's mouth, a finger teases its way into Tony. It's not painful, but it's a foreign feeling, and Tony feels himself clench as his body tries to reject the finger. Steve soothes him with gentle kisses to his mark. His body does eventually adjust to the feeling of it, and when the second finger is added, Tony barely feels the difference. The third finger, he does feel, but it's only just a little wider than the two. He knows for a fact that Steve is thicker than the fingers in him, but the prep will help. The fingers curl within him, and his body jerks when Steve's knuckles brush against his prostrate. He cries out in pleasure, and Steve looks so smug as he continues brushing along Tony's prostate.
"Yes, honey?" Tony asks, and Steve clears his throat as he comes over to where Tony's sitting on the bed. Tony swings his legs over and readies himself to get up, but his eyes bug out when he watches Steve drop down onto his knee and digs a little box out of his pocket.
Steve flashes him a grin and moves to put the bags down in the kitchen. He wants to ask, Tony can see it clearly on his face; and he hates how weak he is to that puppy dog look.
And then, his eyes fall upon Steve's mark. It's faded, ever so slightly, but it's turning a slightly darker shade to leave a permanent imprint on Steve's skin. Tony rightfully feels a little proud of himself as he sees it. He leans forward the rest of the way, allowing his lips to brush over the mark, and Steve's breath hitches.
Just like that, the strength that was keeping him up fades away, and Tony sinks into the loveseat, his briefcase armor clutched tight. Of course he married Captain America. He stayed as far from the man as he could when it turned out his father's pet project had been found; but Steve Rogers was a common name and - fuck, for a genius, he's so fucking stupid.
Steve doesn't stop there. His tongue laps at the mark greedily his breath brushing against Tony's earlobe and causing the slighter to shudder against him. Tony might be whining, but he's never felt less control of his body as he does in that moment. He wants
sorry for the short chapter. i'm adjusting to a new work schedule but i've been itching to write. hopefully the rest of the chapters will be much longer. we haven't really gone that much in depth with the wolf part, sorry. soon, though, if you don't mind the wait. let me know how frequently you'd like me to update in the comments, and feel free to let me know what you've thought of the chapter and if you have any critique or criticism to add. i hope you enjoyed the chapter!
Tony doesn't even glance in her direction. His face is set blank, the best poker face that Steve has ever seen in his long life. He's just staring, his gaze roaming over the tense expressions and then finally settling on Bucky. He doesn't settle there for long, either, and brings his gaze to Steve's. They've always been challenging each other since the day they met, but Tony has never looked at him with so much hatred.
Because he's just a man and his neck is very sensitive, Tony bucks his hips forward. Steve is smirking against his skin; and the next thing he knows, Steve is tugging his shirt from his collarbone, just enough to be able to reach the skin there. Tony gasps, hands coming to clutch onto Steve's shoulders as the blond nips at a small spot on his collarbone and swirls his tongue around the budding bruise.
They start fighting, though it's a big mess because there are two enemies and even if Tony isn't fighting them he can jump in at any time. Foes that underestimated Tony Stark in the past would know.
Tony pours himself another mug of coffee and downs that, too, before he raises his eyes to meet Bruce's. They're both scientists, so at least they can appreciate long hours working in a lab. As annoyed as he is, Steve watches on fondly. At least Tony isn't shutting everyone out, still.
"He joined us for the movie night," Wanda supplies, and her eyes are twinkling ever so slightly like it's a fond memory.
"Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes," Rhodey says, and his shit eating grin tells Tony that it's going to be a
"Are you saying you'll make a scene in a public place like this?" Tony asks, his face carefully blank and his eyebrow raised. If she wants to be an ass, so does he.
A voice barges into his thoughts, but his eyes are staring at the design and the longer he looks at it, the less he can force himself to breathe.
"It won't be fair if the others have to camp out in the woods." The ex-army man mutters under his breath, like Tony's not supposed to hear, but Tony isn't stupid and they all know that.
He sighs, exasperated. As much as he loves the brunet, he can really be a pain in the ass. He locks eyes with Natasha as he passes, and she gives him the slightest of nods to give him just a little more confidence. Tony follows him silently, and a part of Steve is just waiting for the brunet to throw a fist.
He tries not to hear it as rejection. Even now, with desire hanging in the air between them and Steve thrusting into his hand, he's worried they're going too fast for Tony. Tony just stares up at him, feeling like he's getting lost in those blue orbs. He knows why he spent years running away from this, but would things have been the same if he had known Steve back then? But he doesn't really want to think about anything else. His mind is hazy with pleasure and his senses are filled with
"Couldn't you have stopped it?" Scott asks this time, sitting up just a little straighter and challenging him.
James clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth, shuddering as if the very idea of it makes him uncomfortable, "The only people that knew Tony was going to the demonstration, out of the entire world, were myself, Howard, and Obadiah. How would it be considered a random attacking and abduction if all the pieces were put into place in that specific way? Think about it; Howard was and is the face of Stark Industries, Tony designed all the weapons himself with no right to claim them, and Obadiah just needed the designs for the Jericho missile. It was
He hates how he's telling them all of this so casually, over dinner. He hates that he barely knows them and hates even more that he expects someone to pity him.
Home. It's a peculiar thought, and one that amuses him. The Stark tower, sitting in the middle of the bustling city, was once created to be a beacon showing the family's strength and wealth. To Tony, it was nothing but empty promises that pierced the clouds.
"It doesn't matter, he chose his bed and now he will lay in it." Wanda spits, the disdain dripping from her tone.
much Steve had managed to let go. An eyebrow raised, he flicks his towel against Steve's butt and walks out of the room, "What was it you said? 'Not a chance, sweetheart'?"
"Wanda. Tony. Please, we don't want to fight." Natasha grits out, a pleading edge in her tone as she pulls two guns out of the holsters on each side of her hip and aim one in either direction.
Before he can register it and give Rhodey a dirty look of his own, another mug is placed down in front of him. Steve bends just enough to kiss him on the temple, "I'll grab you another plate and then goo eat at the table so you can get reaquainted. Be good."
Tony turns back to him slowly, and as soon as he notices the way Steve's body is vibrating with tension, he reaches forward. Steve flinches but doesn't move, so Tony takes that as permission and brings a hand to the back of Steve's head, pulling the blond forward so his head can be buried into the crook of his neck.
"Tony, are you okay?" Bruce asks next, and Tony looks at him for a second, following it up by swallowing the entire glass of scotch in a single gulp.
Tony just stares up at him for a long moment, his lower lip trembling and his hands coming up to clench at the front of Steve's chest. He pushes, but it's a lot weaker than it could be even without the enhanced strength of the Extremis floating in his system.
But while Tony's had every right to be angry with them and still chose to show them mercy, hear them out, and work with them, Wanda's had a singular focus on Tony. Tony, whose name was on the missile that took her family away from him, despite how he hadn't sent that missile at her directly.
There are dozens of tables and possibly hundreds of people between them, and yet Steve looks at him like he's the only one that exists. Frankly, the very thought of that disturbs him. After spending years on the run to get
"So it really happened." It's a statement and a question all at once, and Tony doesn't hold himself back when his fingers itch to just reach out and touch the man's bulging bicep. It's as firm as it looks, and Tony clears his throat as he forces himself to take a step back. Married or not, that probably wasn't appropriate.
James just stares at him for a moment, searching for something in his expression; and like a switch was flipped, he throws his head back and laughs until he has to wipe tears off of his face. Steve can't help but notice the way Bucky's face turns just the slightest shade of red as they watch the newcomer; like he's never heard anything more beauti- oh god. It hits Steve like a brick to the face. His mate's best friend turns out to be his best friend's mate. Isn't fate funny sometimes?
But when Tony draws back, Steve wraps an arm securely around his waist and pulls him back, effectively drawing the breath that Tony releases in a gasp with his lips. They fit perfectly the second time around, and for the length of their kiss, the entire world is silent; and then Tony's hands start moving. One hand moves to Steve's hair, fingers curling into the soft strands like a lifeline, and the second drops down to Steve's waist, slipping underneath the hem and teasing across his skin.
Tony bristles, narrowing his eyes to glare at Clint, but with a glance in Steve's direction, he's given enough confidence to get it done. After all, just once kiss later and he'd be allowed to move on with his life, without the name
"Obadiah is expecting me to go." Tony tells them, with his hands clenched on his lap. Yes, he's had a strained relationship with his old man; but they are still family, and Howard was all he had left. Obadiah would be waiting for him there with some sort of trap; and being at a public event, there would be little to avoid whatever the elder had in mind.
Steve's reaction to his touch is instantaneous. He grabs Tony's wrist, twisting his arm behind his back as he shoots out of the couch to subdue whoever is after him.
Vision closes his eyes, drawing in a deep breath before he shakes his head. His smile is sad and twisted, "I do believe it best if you remain unaware of my plan, Captain."
Sam makes a protesting sound in the background, and Wanda placates him by scooting over in his stool so they can share the seat. It's not much, but it seems to do the trick as Sam glowers in Tony's direction. Rhodey, seeing the interaction, manages to raise an eyebrow and takes the offered seat.
"After years spent on the run from your father, your past, and a mate bond you weren't sure of wanting, Tony, you finally got yourself to take a break." Steve tells him, and it's a mix of scolding and gentle reassurance, "Do you want to run again now?
It takes a long time for him to realize that Steve's talking to him, though his gentle voice is now replaced with the Captain's demanding tone instead.
"I like art," Steve replies easily, and his eyes seem to light up just at the mention of it, "I haven't really had the time for it because of the pack, but I've got to say that's where my passion lies."
In the end, that's what causes the dam to break. The fact that Steve was so understanding and accepting of him despite his flaws and his tendency to run away. Despite how Steve had an entire pack and a former lover and all the world in his hands and
"Buck." His voice comes out in a croak, and his head drops into his hands as a deep, broken breath racks through his frame, "I fucked everything up."
"So which will it be, Avengers?" Stephen asks, and he's oblivious to the team's inner turmoil if the shaking of his shoulders is any indication, "The witch who would rather condemn all of humanity than help the man who will save it? Or the man who is one day away from taking it apart himself?"
Steve grits his teeth, knowing he won't like the answer he's going to be given but willing to ask it anyway if only to sate his curiosity, "Take off the suit and what are you?"
"Sweetheart, look at me," comes Steve's voice, and Tony turns to him almost reluctantly. They were having such a good morning before all this bullshit happened. Tony's expecting irritation or pity, or something else -- but instead, all he sees is the love that's always there, "We'll get through this. We'll take him down."
"I know what you can give me to get me off your trail." Steve says, his eyes slowly dragging from Tony's eyes to his lips and then back. There's something dangerous swirling around in his eyes, then, but Tony finds himself curious despite it, "A kiss."
"I'll get the coffee started," Bruce murmurs; and though he's trying to be helpful, they all know that what the genius needs is sleep and not caffeine.
Steve's hips roll against his, and the pain from his bite gets overshadowed by the pleasure of their elections rubbing against one another. It leaves him in a hazy buzz of pleasure, and Tony tugs at the hair on Steve's head.
It doesn't even take a second for the room to react. Tony is on his feet, the suit wrapping around him again as he lunges forward. Before he can get to her, though, Bucky has leapt across the table and wrapped his metal hand around her neck. He's not pressing hard enough to choke her, but his expression is angered beyond what they've seen from him since he'd been deprogrammed.
"That was as my fault as much as it was Tony's." Steve answers, his voice hard and his jaw clenching.
how right this is. To be within Steve's arms, being held like he's the most important thing Steve's ever had in his life.
Staring back into those blue orbs, Tony feels the rest of his will crumble. He's crying, too, not that he's aware of it himself. Steve is, however, and reaches up to thumb the stray tears away. Steve still treats him like he's the most precious thing in the world, and Tony hates that he's dragged the alpha into his pathetic life.
With that, Tony pushes himself off the counter and drags his feet in the direction of his room. Steve watches with furrowed eyebrows, unsure of whether or not he's supposed to follow or just keep giving him space. It's hard to know with Tony, he thinks to himself. He looks at the rest of the pack, wondering if he can read any kind of clue on their faces as to what he should do. Bruce mutters something excitedly about checking out the accelerator and practically dashes out of the kitchen. It's the fastest Steve's ever seen him more outside of his bouts of rage; and Thor follows him because they're pretty close and Thor likes seeing the excitement on Bruce's otherwise peaceful demeanor. Natasha and Wanda just look at each other, shrug, and exclaim loudly that they're going to bed. Sam decides to do the same thing; and when Clint whines and says he wants to watch movies instead, Sam hooks a hand in his elbow and drags him off. Steve's left in the kitchen with Bucky.
"I've- I've been ready since finger two." Tony grits out; but while he wants to remain annoyed, he knows Steve is going to make it worth his time.
"It's not too late, Tony." Clint tries, and he's lowering his bow because it is true that Tony can attack any one of them before he can launch an arrow, "You can come home. We'll work together again. Like we did before - like family."
"I need more coffee to keep up with him." He tries to mutter under his breath, but he's clearly not as quiet as he thinks he is, because several of them are snickering along.
"What brings you down to my lair, bird brain?" Tony asks, an eyebrow quirked as he tried not to make his ogling obvious.
Tony pauses for a long beat, then reaches down for his briefcase, "It's still Mr. Rogers, unless this is it for Steve. I'll see you later, Miss Potts."
Rhodey's name comes up a few times, too, as they reminisce over the past. She can't tell him much about his other best friend, because while Rhodey is Stark Industries' government liason, he's still employed by the United States Air Force. He's spread out as far as a sheet of paper. Tony just hopes he hasn't forgotten to take care of himself despite all of that.
He might be imagining the way Steve's voice cracks. He might not. But while some might find Steve's words to be creepy, Tony can't help how his heart is yearning for the blond haired alpha.
And then there's Scott. Scott uses a disk to make himself bigger or smaller, but he's not very... let's just say he's better for distractions than actual hand-to-hand. Steve manages to hold back his wince when Scott gets flicked away. Wanda doesn't even have to look in his direction for that one, just waves a hand and that's taken care of.
While he has a good relationship with Hawkeye, he can never stand Captain Uptight's self-righteous bullshit.
When his stomach finally settles and he can focus on anything other than the spinning of his head, he finds that he is not alone, wherever he is. The rest of his team is there, wearing varying expressions on their faces that go from concerned to scared and in Wanda's case, hatred.
"Are you sure you want to go through with this?" Tony asks now, just to confirm. This whole situation can go off horribly and he knows it. How can he bring Steve into it?
Steve kisses him with intensity, his mouth open and willing and his tongue licking its way into Tony's mouth and searching. He's as desperate as Tony feels, and Tony answers his kiss with just as much eagerness and desperation. Tony's hands are the first to wander, feeling at the muscles that he realizes are
Tony doesn't know why he deflates at the tone of disappointment Steve is using on him, but he does anyway; but the disappointment is followed by an ache to make the blond proud. He never thought it was that easy to want to change the person he's always been, but for Steve, he wants to at least try.
Just before he can leave the room fully, Steve reaches for his elbow, tugging him back and wrapping his arms securely around Tony's shoulders, "Don't stay up too late. I'll come looking for you in a few hours if I don't see you in bed."
Steve clamps a hand down on his shoulder similarly to how the Captain had earlier to his armor, but his fingers are shaking as he tugs Tony back. When Tony turns around, the blond isn't even looking at him, just pointing at a chair.
"You were sent to Afghanistan," supplies Wanda, and her features are soft and full of worry. He hates that he's cause someone so gentle even the slightest unhappiness.
"You went out in that?" Steve demands, wrapping his hand loosely around Tony's forearm and tugging him in.
"You... never had time to date?" Tony can't help but be suspicious, really, "You look like you're in your twenties."
Sam chuckles, again, and his eyes are sad as he takes in the workspace. There are questions dancing in his eyes, a certain smallness to him as he mulls over his words. When he finally turns his head back to Tony, his lips are pressed into a firm line of grim determination, and Tony sees the spark of doubt in his eyes, "Are you okay, Tony?"
. There was history there, and he knew it, but just thinking about it made his stomach churn in discomfort. He runs his fingers through his hair, grunting as he tosses his head back. As hard as he squeezes his eyes shut, he can still see the way Steve had looked after the other man. Even with the fact that Tony was the man that Steve was fated to be with, that kind of
His lips continue their trail downward, his hands moving ahead of him to undo Tony's pants and slide them down. The cold air hits him just for a second when Steve sits back again to look him over. Whether it was for bruises or just because he couldn't get away, Tony wasn't sure.
Tony's finished his first mug of coffee while Bucky had told his story, and he remains silent as he stands to pour another mug. It's not the same as scotch or whiskey, but at least the caffeine helps his brain wake up when he needs for it to.
"And now all of you defend him!" Wanda continues, horrified like they should've never even considered the idea of being on the same side as Tony Stark.
"Did you just call the robot dumb?" Clint quips, and he sounds absolutely mortified, "Have you not learned anything from
"Tony." And it's the third time just that day that he's had to call for the brunet's attention; and he doesn't even realize he's stepping closer until Tony squares his shoulders and narrows his eyes. He won't step away, though; and Steve's counting on the memory of Tony challenging him time and time again.
"I'm fine, Steve." He sighs, raising a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. He has to count in his head to keep himself from instigating an apartment.
But then, Steve raises his hand and uses it to cover his face - his face that's covered in tears -, and Tony realizes that no, Steve doesn't actually know that they'll be okay. There's no way
There's always been a chance of one of his enemies finding his true identity and coming for him; and while he's not afraid of dying, he is afraid of dragging Steve into his twisted reality. He fingers the bracelet sitting on his wrist, knowing that just a twist of it will encase his hand with the gauntlet of his Iron Man gauntlet. It's not much, but it'll be enough of a distraction if someone is, in fact, in their apartment.
"They met when Tony went to M.I.T at fifteen." Natasha explains, short and precise and entirely too factual considering they're talking about a teammate and friend.
The silence is enough of an answer, and Steve takes this chance to look over his teammates. Bucky is just watching them all, because he’s never really had a chance to get to know Tony beforehand; Sam is now sitting back in his chair with his arms crossed in a thoughtful manner; Natasha and Clint are having a silent conversation with just their eyes; Wanda looks like she’s about to storm out with red wisps of power flowing from her fingertips with Vision just staring at her with concern; Scott is taking a sip of his tea like he’s trying to make himself small and unnoticeable; and Stephen just tips his head back with his eyes closed like he’s got somewhere better to be and can’t wait to be done with this.
"What now, Rogers?" And while there's that bitterness and that irritation in his tone, he looks almost resigned as the distance between them is shortened.
"Are you offering me therapy? Is that what this is coming down to?" Tony asks, more cautious than suspicious.
"Don't look at me like that, Steve," Tony murmurs, and he tilts his head, pressing a kiss to the center of Steve's forehead.
"I thought you were dead, Tony." Steve says in a low growl; but while his tone is rough and his kiss is firm, his hands are still so gentle as his hands trace up and down Tony's sides and arms.
His teeth are grit as he says it, because he's told both Obadiah and his father repeatedly, and he even left the house for god's sake.
He really did think he'd get away with skipping out on his guests, but the moment he got back into garage, he was hit with the scent of honey and musk. He was hit by the rest of Steve's body, too, but he acknowledged the scent before the sturdy chest he slammed into. He pulls back instantly, out of instinct more than anything, and it's Steve's strong arms wrapping around him that keeps him off the floor.
"We weren't there for the call," Steve explains with just the slightest shake of his head, "Tony came back and joined us looking hurt and uncomfortable. When he finally brought it up, he said Obadiah was using
Bucky's sitting on his couch, drinking a beer that obviously came from the little fridge, seemingly lost in thought, and Tony looks around for Steve almost anxiously.
"Yeah, well." Tony answers with a shake of his shoulders, and then he steps back and turns his repulsor boots back on, "I never had a reason to be sentimental until now."
She falls to the floor in a crumpled mess, heaving. The rest of the team creeps forward slowly, and with a wave of his hand, Stephen does something that undoes the damage Wanda had caused the Sanctum.
There's another wave of bile churning in his gut trying to climb its way out. No. Tony no longer considered them friends and had said so in that bunker in Siberia. Steve chose a side, and Tony chose another. As far as Tony Stark is concerned, the world would be better off without Steve and the Avengers he was no longer a part of.
He yelps (because how else is he supposed to react?), and wraps his arms around Steve's shoulders just on instinct alone. He's not heavy but thinks Steve's showing off just a little unnecessarily. He tries not to stare too hard, but the man knows just what he's doing, lips curled into a smug grin as he ducks his head close.
"There's no weapon in there." He answers, and his jaw is working as he watches Bucky hand the briefcase over to Steve.
He stops by the workshop at the basement level of Stark Industries first, removing his armor and assessing the damage done to it even before he stops to take a look at himself. Like he said earlier, it was just a leg; and his leg was decidedly worth less than the armor he donned to protect civilians.
What he really wants us to cum, but there's so much he's feeling and he just wants to feel more of it.
"Isn't it too soon to be thinking about all this?" Bruce pipes up, and it's like a knife cutting through. Tony, for one, is grateful for the one voice of reason, until he turns his head to thank Bruce and finds a mischevious glint on his face much like all the others, "I at least need enough time to renew my minister's ordinance."
A real emotion takes place of the blank mask that was decorating Tony's expression prior to it. There's a fleck of vulnerability, his gaze darting between Steve's eyes like he's digging for a lie of some sort.
"I guess it makes sense that he told you." Bucky muses, and his eyes flicker to Tony's, then drop back to the brown liquid steaming away in his mug, "It's not really as simple as having feelings or not."
Surprised, Tony jerks back in his seat, and Steve's own eyes fly open again. Tony swallows a heavy lump, his eyes darting past Steve like he's being trapped, "Are you sure I'm welcome? It's your pack and I don't want to intru-"
He's back in New York after a week, having taken care of the Mandarin, who was really just a puppet. With help from Rhodey and the War Machine (the government can call it Iron Patriot forever but that doesn't change what it is), he saves the life of the President of the United States of America, and makes his way home to deal with the press and his 'miraculous' survival.
And the praise continues. Tony whimpers against his lips, both loving and hating the power Steve has over his body. How Steve can sound so much in awe of someone like him when he's built like a greek statue is beyond his mental capability, but Steve's words are backed up with feverant touches and heated glances. The fingers return to his asshole, smearing lube around the rim to make it easier on the both of them, and Tony feels the excitement growing as he lifts his hips, wrapping his legs tightly around Steve's torso to help him find his way in.
"You're the one on the run, Stark. Who do you think will look worse?" Natasha dares right back, and the slightest glimmer of amusement hits her eyes.
Blinking, Tony looks around for a free seat at the table, but he really doesn't need to. There are two, one at the head of the table and one perpendicular to it. Tony kind of assumes where he's supposed to sit, but doesn't think too much about it. After all, Steve was the alpha of his pack.
Tony's not a marriage expert. The only married couple he knew of was his parents, and that wasn't a good thing. But the point still stands. Isn't a newly married couple supposed to be -- well, more involved than a pair of strangers sharing a bed? Not that they share a bed, what with Steve always running out into the living room when Tony is practically forced into taking the bed.
"How long have you been following me?" Tony directs this question to Steve now. Steve, who hasn't said a thing since he sat down and was instead pushing that plate of food and a cup of lukewarm coffee in Tony's direction.
Tony is covered in motor oil; much like he always is when he's working in the garage. There's a tired air around him as he slugs into the kitchen, but he looks
A sharp gasp is heard, and Tony's head turns automatically in Sam's direction. The former army man's face is filled with pain, and Tony honestly had no idea he was part of the army when his weapons were used for it. Everyone else looks between Sam and Tony, their concern increasing as Sam started to shake visibly.
He cups Steve's face in his hands, using his thumbs to dry the tears that are slowing but still sliding down his cheeks. Steve doesn't even fight it, and his own hands lift off of Tony's waist to instead splay his own fingers around Tony's.
From the slightly higher angle he's on now, he's being given a vantage point. Steve leans back as best he can, his back resting against the post of Tony's bed, and his hands dropping back down to Tony's waist in a much gentler touch. He's content at moving to Tony's pace, and the way their tongues explore without being rushed. When they pull back for air, Steve tilts his head back to rest it against the bedframe. He thinks this is where they'll stop, but Tony keeps pushing. He peppers kisses along Steve's jaw and shifts just enough to kiss down the blond's neck.
. He shifts again, carefully lifting Steve's arm and getting himself to his feet. As much as he'd like to snuggle with the alpha, it's the morning time and that means it's coffee time.
Right on cue, it dawns on both Steve and Bucky's expressions, and they dust themselves off like Scott's swarm of ants were crawling on them.
Steve reaches his hand out, and Tony's unable to hide the way his body flinches as he readies for some sort of beating. Steve falters for a nano-second; but he covers it with a wide smile and places a hand in Tony's hair. This is different from earlier acts of affection; and yet, it fills him with warmth anyway.
He waits for his words to sink in, and there's an air of resignation. Despite their anger and their discomfort in Tony's plan, it's the only one they've got right now.
"Yes." Tony answers, and there are so many thoughts in his head but that's all he can make himself say. Steve takes the silver bands out of the box. He slides one onto Tony's finger, and Tony returns the favor.
They follow the arrogant man who had yet to tell them his name; because honestly, what position are they in that they can do about anything else?
Everyone's eyebrows raise in unison like they're waiting for him to clarify that point. He stares down at his briefcase, feeling awfully nervous now. Showing Steve is one thing, but showing Captain America and his team of
Steve hears the plea in his tone and doesn't delay. He presses his lips against Tony's tongue gentle as it licks its way into Tony's mouth. He takes his time to explore the cavern that is Tony's mouth; and all the while, his hips roll against Tony's in an act that shows how desperate he is to see Tony come undone.
He presses a kiss to the top of Tony's head, and Tony can hear the words that Steve isn't saying, the
"Thanks for dinner." He says then, and he's out of his seat and the room so quickly that he's sure no one can stop him.
He feels a little better about it when his body is turned, because at least he's not staring at the blueprints anymore, and through his tears he can make out the blurry outlines of Steve's handsome face. He gasps for air, trying to say something -
"Just what?" Steve asks, and when Tony doesn't meet his gaze, he hooks a finger under the brunet's chin and tips his head back.
Tony looks up at Steve, then, and the blond is biting on his lower lip and his eyes are asking a question he can't seem to word out loud. Without removing his mouth, Tony reaches out and grabs for Steve's other hand, curled into a couch cushion and keeping himself steady. Tony brings that hand to the back of his head and Steve gets with the program quickly.
Hearing his voice causes a reaction that Tony hadn't realized he was waiting for. The little bots he'd made at various times of his life whir and chirp as they come over to inspect the group. It's a solemn kind of reason for them to be visiting; and yet, he feels so at peace within arm's reach of his bots.
"When Howard called up to say you left town, Steve looked devastated." Sam answers, and it manages to have Tony sober up instantly, too, "After nearly losing you once to your stupid drunk driving incident, he decided he had to follow you. Bucky wouldn't leave him behind, and I decided that wherever those two go, I would follow."
"Does that mean your mad sciencing was successful?" Bruce asks; and though he's annoyed, there's the slightest bit of fond amusement that slips into his tone.
"Who does he kill?" Bucky asks, and his eyes flicker over to Steve because everyone's seen the look of disdain Tony had for his former friend and leader.
"And I deserve it." Steve cuts in, shoulders squared and jaw clenched. Whatever insults Tony has for him, he'll hear it out. It's less than what he deserves, even if it hurts to hear them.
. He'd just gotten away from this life, he can't come crawling back because of this gorgeous, sexy blond haired alpha. But he also can't help but
Tony throws his hands up in the air, "And we were supposed to work together to make contingencies, Steve. It would have required lawyers and time, but if you'd just listened to me back then, we could've made the Accords work for us, not the other way around."
"I won't pressure you into joining us," Steve promises as he pulls back, and he stands in a graceful motion, gathering the plate and empty glass, "but you're not intruding, Tony. They're your pack, too, now."
Tony knocks his hand away, stepping closer so that he and Captain America are chest to chest. They've been at ends with each other since their first meeting on the hellicarrier, but there's no reason for the man to treat him like a child.
Tony nips once, playfully; and then again, putting a little more pressure against the skin. His arms wind around Steve's torso, and the blond seems to deflate into his vice-like grip, little shudders of pleasure racking his body as his head ducks onto the crook of Tony's neck. Steve seems to get the message then, and he returns the favor with little kisses of his own to Tony's mark. There are no words exchanged as they hold each other; just basking in each other's warmth and giving each other what they need for reassurance.
Steve's about to retort to that, but Clint beats him, "You make it sound so easy now that it's done with; but Stark, you never called. You never explained. You just expected everyone to fall in line."
”We had orders.” Natasha argues, her tone soft and unsure as she dips her head, “Shoot on sight; to bring Steve, Bucky, and Sam’s bodies back.”
"How many times have I told you to call me Sam, Thor?" The army man from earlier calls out from the other end of the table, and Tony's gaze shifts from him to Thor in amusement.
"It was a reflex!" He calls out, and he drops the shield because he really should've known better than to pick it up again without the brunet's say-so.
"Do you really believe that, Tony?" Steve asks, and there's a hint of desperation in his question that he can't entirely help.
anyway. if you have any ideas on how to make it more neutral, please feel free to share them. It wasn’t my intention to hate on anyone in particular — uh, except for wanda. sorry, wanda fans.
"Oh, right! I saw a sweet home theater set up last night when I was looking around!" Clint chirps out, like nothing else is as important, and like he's entitled to whatever he wants, "Let's make it a movie night tonight."
"That's illegal, Clint." Natasha responds over the rim of a mug of tea, but her gaze says she's strongly considering it as her eyes turn back to Tony.
"I've always needed you." Steve tries, his voice soft and his eyes threatening to flutter shut so he can just absorb Tony's scent and bask in his presence.
"Yeah," Tony concedes, and he forces himself to forget the conversation he'd just had with Obadiah. He can think about it later; he could use the distraction.
There are a few murmurs of agreement, which is expected, but it's Steve that has the final say, "That won't be necessary. We've already intruded for the night."
was the fact that when it exploded, the smaller pieces, shrapnel, would separate and shoot outward. It was a good idea at the time, considering they were supposed to be used to protect our soldiers," Tony continues to explain, and his own hand is clenched and shaking on top of his lap. He's dying for another drink, but it'll have to wait until the story's over, "Howard was supposed to go to Afghanistan for a weapon's display, but when it came down to it, Obadiah somehow convinced my old man to send me; that it was the best way to get my name out there as the next 'Merchant of Death.'"
"I think you two need to talk." Sam suggests, his eyes a little hard and his hand gesturing in the direction of the room they had all shared previously, "There's a lot we need to talk through as a team but we won't get anywhere unless you work things out."
to live together, per se, but they're a newly wedded couple and that makes sense. They haven't had sex yet, and even from what Tony remembers, they haven't even had a kiss; but maybe that could change in time.
"Will you be staying for the rest of the day?" Steve asks to James. It's a good thing that Bucky goes by his nickname because having two Jameses would be a little difficult.
"Sounds good." Tony agrees, clearing his throat and turning just slightly so Steve can't see the dusting of red on his cheeks. The blond doesn't look even remotely fooled by his attempts, but Tony focuses on filling his mug with coffee, "I'll make us some popcorn and order some pizza. What do you want on it?"
"I left you dinner on the desk." Steve supplies; and in the darkness, Tony can't see the expression he's making. His shirt is too thick for the glow of the reactor to cast a shadow, too. Despite that, he knows Steve is frowning as the blond leans in and presses the most delicate of kisses to his temple, "I'll be better about it. I promise. Don't starve yourself because of me."
When he looks around him at the room, he's almost mortified by the beige walls and hospital covers surrounding him. It almost feels like he's in a psych ward. Oh god. Is that what happened? Did Pepper finally get tired of his workshop binges and late nights and drop him off in a hospital?
He's pulled from his musings as he hears the rumble of an engine. He glances down at his cell phone and raises an eyebrow. It must've been an hour since he got to the property, so why did it take them so long to arrive? Now that he knows they're always on his tail, he's come to expect them more often than not. If he was in traffic, they were a few cars behind. If it was a long stretch of a road, they were just within the scope of his rearview mirror. If he stopped to get coffee, their car would be parked a little distance away. He was annoyed, but also endeared by their efforts to stay close to him.
There's a small spot on the neck where mates can claim each other. It leaves a small mark that when healed, looks like a birthmark. It carries the mate's scent and in rare cases, allows a telepathic bond to form. Tony's not sure of all that, but he does know he wants to be closer to Steve in every way he's ever been afraid of being in the past.
Abruptly, Tony decides he hasn't had nearly enough caffeine to even think about this conversation. He downs the contents of the mug, then reaches for the carafe for another mug. Oh god, Pepper was going to kill him. How was he supposed to explain all of this?
Steve releases a heavy sigh, and his arms lift to Tony's waist, arms wrapping tightly around the brunet and squeezing him against Steve's sturdy frame. He feels as though he's about to burst into tears, and Tony doesn't know how to help someone else when he was nearly at that himself just a few minutes prior after his own dreams.
"No one's manipulating anyone!" Steve objects, his jaw set and his hands clenched into tight fists. Dammit but he hates it when Tony acts nonchalant, "We all have done stuff badly and we all need to sit down and talk things out but all of us need each other. Because we're all we've got."
have killed me. You have a lot of pretty words, Steve; but in the end you're just like all the people that tried to kill me because
"I said put her down." Steve commands once more, and he holds a hand up to keep everyone still where they are as Bucky replaces Wanda and removes his hand from her neck.
"Tony?" Steve calls out as he steps closer, almost in a creeping fashion because there's no way of knowing how Tony will react.
. The scent of honey and musk, now that he's closer to it, smooth lips working against his own chapped ones, Steve's hips pressing against him with a thigh between his legs, one hand resting against the back of Tony's nape to direct his head and the other holding his waist firmly. Steve's tongue is in his mouth, having used the gasp as an opportunity. His tongue is hot and smooth as it caresses the insides of Tony's cheeks and battles for dominance with Tony's tongue. Steve wins, not that Tony was really going to put up much of a fight.
"Hey, Stark." Natasha is speaking at a normal tone, but she may as well be shouting because the moment her lips move, everyone else falls silent, "What would it take to convince you to postpone for another day? I think I can speak for everyone when I say we really need to rest."
"Are you normally this petulant?" Stephen asks in mild amusement, like her outburst is one of childish nature.
this one's a doozy. hopefully i can close up all the plot-holes by the end of the story. i hope you enjoy this one!
Tony winces, but when he turns his head back to Steve and sees that same expression of heartbreak, he can't help himself. He leans the small distance between them, pressing his lips against Steve's in a gentle touch. It's meant to be chaste, of course, but Steve reacts instantly, his arms wrapping around Tony once more and crushing the slighter male between his chest and the door. The pang of guilt in his chest is heavy, and he hates feeling like he's manipulating Steve.
, and met us with weapons to take us down." Sam barrels ahead, and he taps a finger onto the dining table.
"And if that doesn't work out, you can always find something to watch on Disney," Tony offers in an attempt to rile some of them up. It works, according to the several unamused pairs of eyes turning to him. Feeling like he's intruding where he's no longer wanted, Tony gets back up and grins, "Anyway, I have some work to do, so I'll leave you to it. If you run out of food, town's only a short drive away."
about her?" Clint asks, groaning again as he fiddles absentmindedly with his quiver, "We could barely take her on as a group."
Steve's arms are secure around his waist as Tony's lifted off the floor, and the blond is as gentle as can be as he places the slighter onto the bed. Their eyes are fixed on each other as Tony kicks his shoes off and backs up to the headboard. Steve manages to toe his own shoes off, and the heat radiating off of him is intoxicating as he crawls over the bedsheets. He surrounds Tony in the best way, hands resting beside the brunet's head, legs parted to straddle Tony at the hip and bringing the friction they had felt earlier back with a vengeance.
Steve looks reluctant to do so, but holds it out anyway, and Tony automatically feels better the moment his armor is in his hands again.
Steve doesn't look hurt at all, his eyes glimmering in understanding as he ducks his head and presses another kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth, "We can wait, Tony. I don't mind."
The moment the ring hits Steve's finger, Tony surges forward and kisses him. Steve's caught off guard and falls backward with Tony straddling his lap; but neither of them seem to care.
"Just don't ask me to leave. Please." Steve's almost begging, and he's an alpha, -they normally have too much pride to do this- this can't be easy on him.
It's weird to think that he now knows home as a shabby little apartment in Brooklyn rather than his tower or the mansion he'd lost in Malibu, but to him, home is anywhere Steve is.
"I don't want to be someone that hurts you, Steve. You deserve better than that." He murmurs as his eyes flutter open, and his heart stutters at the look he's being given.
"I know that look. No, I'm not interested in taking him from you." Bucky says with the slightest shake of his head, reaching over and patting Tony on the shoulder with his metal arm, "When I saw how torn up he was about you and Malibu -- I knew. Even if soulmates are a work of fiction, you're the best man for him. You make him happier than anything in this decade."
It's a challenge and he knows it, but Tony just continues to stare at him, his gaze hard and contemplative all at once. He runs his tongue along his lower lip, and this really isn't the time for Steve to get distracted.
Satisfied by the response, Tony tugs at the waistband of Steve's sweats. The blond lifts his hips just slightly to help, and Tony pulls the sweats down to his feet.
"Can we uh - talk about the elephant in the room?" Sam asks, and despite the uncertainty in his tone, his expression is firm as he glances in Wanda's direction. She's not looking at him, though. Her eyes have never turned away from Tony.
But his body is heated and yearning for more. He can't pretend he doesn't want to feel Steve's lips on his.
Tony brings it back down to the earth as Bucky and Natasha help wrangle Wanda back down. She's still flickering with rage but as long as they can stop her from going straight for Tony in his vulnerable state, they'll do what they have to.
Then, Steve hooks an arm around his shoulders and another under his knees, and Tony pretends his following yelp is even the slightest bit masculine as he's lifted off the ground. His arms fly to wrap around Steve's shoulders in response, and Steve draws back just a little to look him in the eye.
Despite the fact that his heart was still somewhat broken by what happened between him and Tony, he couldn't pretend he wasn't feeling the same fond exasperation about Tony's eccentricities.
When Steve releases his lips, it's just so that he can trail kisses along the side of Tony's neck, and his fingers manage to slip underneath Tony's tee-shirt. His fingers are gentle and teasing, and Tony shudders at the ticklish sensation as the fingertips on his skin continue their trek upwards to his chest. Tony bucks his hips as a finger brushes against his nipple, because he's never been so sensitive until he's met Steve. Steve chuckles against his neck, and when he bites down on the small patch of skin behind Tony's ear, his fingers twist Tony's nipple. It's different from how Tony had done it to him, and Tony wonders if maybe he had done it wrong after all, because the spike of pleasure he feels from the nip is multiplied from the pressure of Steve's fingers.
Both Wanda and Tony turn to look at him for a short second, considering his words; but they both turn to each other in wait to see who makes the first move. Forget Spanish soap opera it's more like an old Western film.
“You say he’s the only one who can stop that mad Titan who is coming for us,” Wanda continues, and her face is scrunched up in frustration as she waves a hand to gesture wildly over the team, “but we have a whole team here, and we have the whole of Wakanda, Thor, and the Hulk. Why do we need a man whose only interest in the past was to tie us down and turn us into slaves? We can save the Earth without him!”
It's another voice trying, now; and though deep down he knows it's Steve's, he just can't tear his ey-
"Yes, sweetheart?" Steve asks, his voice soft and seductive and it nearly makes Tony forget what he was going to ask for.
"I should reject you." Tony says, but he's trying so hard to keep it under his breath. There's a sharp inhale behind him, but Tony ignores it best he can. Being rejected by a mate is almost as painful as losing a mate to death. Very few wolves recover from it, really, but Steve has Bucky. He was just Tony, the person fate was constantly mocking. Steve would be better off without him.
Steve's gaze softens incredibly, and there are tears swimming in his eyes as he raises a hand. Tony hates that he looks so hesitant to reach out now that he reaches his own hand out and presses Steve's open palm against his face.
Tony swallows back the tears that are threatening to spill from his eyelids and reaches up to wrap his arms around Steve's back, pulling him down. His idea is just to pull Steve against his chest and sleep with the blond cradled to his chest, but Steve easily rolls them over so that Tony is on top.
"Don't make it harder than it has to be." She says to him, and he takes the words for what they really are, a threat.
Steve stills, and he knows the blond is thinking back to their argument before Tony left for Malibu. There were a few days in between in which they could've reached out.
"I don't mean to rush this along, Tony, but it looks like there's something you haven't gotten to yet," Bruce quips up from his seat on the floor, and his face is a little green from nausea.
"Whatever. I'm done." Tony decides; and without another word, he enters the elevator and smashes the button that'll take him to the penthouse. From there, he can lock down the floor so no one else can get in our out until he works what just happened out in his head; but seeing as everyone else is going to the wake, he might not even need to do that much. After all, it's Steve's pack and Pepper has to get them out soon so they won't miss too much of the event.
Nodding, both Tony and clint roll away from each other to opposite sides of the threshold; and when Steve gets close enough, both of them kick their feet out. Steve stumbles as his feet catch onto their ankles but remains steady; and then all that rage is back as he turns his head back in their direction.
Their first fight follows after a particular battle in which the Avengers had gone up head-to-head with poorly designed AIM bots. They worked well enough together as a team, but he couldn't pretend Captain America was getting to become one of his favorite people.
So he closes his eyes and thumbs along the arrows on the phone. He flips back and forth, counting to ten and hoping for the best. He hopes to god whoever he's calling isn't actually asleep. That would seriously suck for all parties.
"God, this is the most melodramatic fight I've ever been in." Tony mutters, but it's loud enough that everyone can hear him and his tone is filled with hollow laughter, "It's like we're in a Spanish soap opera."
Tony looks up at him, trying to read his expressions, since Steve was always so expressive. There's clear anguish on his face, the glimmer of longing in his eyes, and yet he smiles. He turns back to his sandwich, cut neatly in half, and his own lips twitch upwards into a smile. He scoots down halfway on the bench, reaching to his side and patting the space beside him, "I can't eat all this on my own. Come join me."
Oh. Okay. That makes sense. Still, the idea of Steve going out there when he's no match for an alien makes his stomach churn.
"It would feel a lot less weird if you were eating with me." Tony supplies as he finally sits down at the table, and his joints are groaning. He never realizes how tired his body is until he forces himself to take a break, and by Steve's chuckle, he makes it obvious.
"I don't know who you are but it looks like you've saved us." Steve tells the man, his lips curling upward despite himself.
"Think of it this way." He tells the group; and he's forcing a smile onto his face even though it feels empty, "At least you can tell him you brought me back home at his funeral."
He watches the pack more than he watches the movie. Natasha and Wanda are sitting on the two opposing sides of one of the long couches, their feet stretched out between them and a bowl of popcorn resting on the blanket covering their legs. Thor is on the floor in front of them with Bruce, and while Bruce is mostly stretched out himself, Thor is sitting upright with his legs crossed and his hands planted firmly on his knees like he's at an old timey war meeting. Sam, Clint and Bucky share the other long couch, and Clint's the one who provides most of the unnecessary commentary as the movie progresses.
He manages to get high up enough that the blast radius would be contained; but he's still caught up in it, his body rattling around in the suit as he falls back down to the street.
"You do know that we are bonded now, don't you?" Steve asks, and Tony wishes that the taller would just
He doesn't mind it entirely, though the swarm of butterflies isn't making the awkward trip any bit comfortable; but Steve's still looking down at him and holding him like he's precious.
"We don't choose between lives on this team." Steve says decisively, standing up and strolling over to meet Stephen where he's standing. He's filled with tension and anger and the feeling of helplessness.
No matter how many times he's had to fight a friend in the past, it would never get easier. From the Hulk, to Bucky, to Tony, and to Wanda - having to treat a comrade and friend like an enemy nearly crushed his heart.
"I'm sorry I didn't call." Tony says, his voice heavy and quiet, "I didn't think you'd want to hear from me."
"Because I fucking love you." The words come out before he can even register them, and he's stunned by his confession. Sure, there's always been this surge of attraction between them, charged and hidden beneath the harshest of arguments -- but did he...?
Both Steve and Bucky's phones chirp, and Tony stares at them as they get off the couch almost as if on auto pilot.
"Tony." Steve calls out again, because he knows Tony well enough by now that the next words to come out of the genius's mouth were going to be meant to tear them down. Sure, he hasn't been hiding his emotions in regards to them; but there's no limit to the verbal arsenal Tony's got equipped.
"Tony. You're a civilian." Steve grunts, and his steps are slow as he closes the space between them. Tony's not afraid of him, of course, but the anger on his face reminds him of Captain America and Tony decidedly hates that.
”It wasn’t me.” Steve answers, calm despite the rage of emotions filling him, “The security on the raft was down. As fast and as strong as I am, I wouldn’t have been able to get everyone out without help from the outside.”
"I won't be gone too long. Don't wait up for me." Steve says against his forehead, and he presses another kiss onto Tony's face before backing away and following Bucky out the door.
"I wasn't aware we had enough in the house for dinner." Is all he responds with, and he makes sure that his smile is wide.
"And if he continues to lay in it you'll all be laying in your graves by the end of the week." Stephen answers with a shrug of his shoulder, like her outburst has no impact on him.
Steve turns his head, brushing his lips against the inside of Tony's palm and sighing against it with his eyes fluttering shut. Tony wishes for a way to be a little more reassuring, but he knows he can't promise anything. Being Iron Man meant there was always a chance he couldn't come home after a battle. That was why Pepper had left him in the past.
"I still don't agree with the Accords, Tony." And when it looks like Tony's about to comment on his claim, he holds his palm out to hold him off, "There was so much that could have gone wrong. If the world was ending, we'd have to wait for the government to let us save people. That's our
Without meaning to, his very existence had gotten the way of the happiness Steve had with someone else. He wasn't entirely sure of it, of course, but really, what
And while that's normally the case, this fucker is slick. The Black Widow does manage to shoot it in the head, but the moment it's hit, it starts glowing beneath its translucent skin.
Several circular shapes are being made in the air, and the Avengers are falling into them and leaving the villain that they had created alone again.
