Tony won’t meet his eyes.  “What you saw... It wasn’t Jonathan’s fault.  I’d been pushing his buttons all night.  I do that.  It’s all me.”
“You’ve got a look on your face,” Tony says.
“I don’t know,” Bruce says. “I never met him. I can tell you everything you want to know about what Steve Rogers is like, but Steve’s the only person who’s going to be able to give you his thoughts on Bucky.”
“The important part is that Tony accepted me at face value.  Didn’t try to change me.  Didn’t care about my past.  Didn’t seem to mind that I’d
“Nah,” Tony says.  “I figured we’d strap Barton to the roof.  The rest of us can just ride with the windows down.  We’ll be fine.”
“James, I’m not angry with you,” Bruce grits out.  He’s too focused on keeping Hulk quiet to work on tone of voice.  “I’m upset for Tony.  And this wasn’t the best way to find out.”
Brock laughs. “Unless you’re talking about the things they say he can do on his knees--”
“James, what’s your assessment of how you’re functioning?” Bruce asks.
“Take it out,” Nanna says.  “Your father designed it.  It should be yours.”
“Nope,” Steve says.  “Don’t do that,” he adds gently.  “The relationship between a kid and a parent is completely one-sided.  He had all the power; you had none.  That makes it not your fault.”
Hope you’re happy with this latest stunt. We won’t be speaking until you straighten this out.
“The short story is that he cheated on me,” Pepper says, in her business voice.  She’s sitting up straight and Steve can tell how hurt she is, even now, by what Tony had done.
“They’re tranqs, Dr Banner,” the man calls to him, no doubt hoping to keep the Other Guy out of this equation.  “Super soldier tranqs.”
Tony laughs, looking pleased with himself.  Clearly that’s what he was going for.
Tony’s being cagey about a lot of the details, though. It’s impossible not to notice the questions Tony
“It’s still malfunctioning,” James says finally, leaning back on his hands and staring up at the ceiling. He sounds defeated.
“Me too,” Steve says.  “All that.  Everything.  Me too.”
“Good,” Pepper says. “Better than I’ve seen him in a long time.”
“Bisexual,” Steve offers.  “But yes.  It’s a thing.  A true thing.  And if they want to make up some story about what the two of us were doing in here, that’s on them.”
Bruce’s clothing choices are limited.  He can wear his clothes from Europe that are still bloody from earlier, the Stark Industries Swag he’d nabbed from the jet that’s less bloody but… still bloody.
“It wouldn’t be Steve,” James cuts him off. He sounds terribly offended that Bruce would even suggest it.
Something weighty loosens in his soul.
“Well, I’d invite you to sit on the bed and tell me all about it, but we’ve already established that’s gonna end with an ass full of splinters, so how about the floor?  I want to hear.  Whatever you’re willing to tell.”
“Stop being dramatic,” Howard scolds.
“Only twenty minutes,” Bruce says. “It’s just that Steve’s never late, apparently.”
“I had a roommate in college,” Tony says. “He and his daughter are the company I’m expecting. And I can’t believe I’m saying this, but do you think you could do me a favor?”
“Not tired?” Steve asks.
He takes the chair in the corner and uses his Starkpad to scroll through James’s medical charts.  He feels like he’s missing something now, like he missed something before. He’s not going to fail James again.
“It was the first one on the list,” Tony says.
Bruce shows up about an hour and a half into the wait.  He’s dusty and his clothes are mismatched and ill-fitting.  There’s really no telling where he found them.
“The safe money is on Natasha,” Bruce says. “I
Of course Bruce hadn’t had an inkling of that when he’d offered James help, but lack of intent never did anything to soothe Bruce’s guilt.
“Is there a back door we can use?” Steve asks the policewoman.  “I’m parked in the garage.”
Bruce nods, with a self-assuredness he doesn’t feel. “Nat, take us to Clint’s coordinates.  We’ll make it work.”
“I’m pretty sure that’s the most American thing I’ve done all night,” Steve points out.  “Except maybe breaking down the door and threatening to kick someone’s ass.  Come on.  You can cover up with my suit jacket so the press doesn’t get a picture worth printing. I can patch up your cheek with what we’ve got in the tower if you trust my medical skills.”
“Makeup tips,” she says with a smirk. “Or how to kick a guy in the balls so he won’t be getting up anytime soon. Maybe both in one video. I’ve got plenty of talent to share. One of you could be my demonstration dummy.”
“So Google would have me believe,” Steve says.
“JARVIS, would you mind turning off the screen?  I think I’d rather watch the city while I wait.”
There’s a rustle of taco paper and then Tony can hear Steve shift around. Steve’s phone light comes on a few seconds later, illuminating the trunk.
Tony nods, and fiddles with a panel on the back of his jeep.  Two showers pop out of the top, one on either side.
Bruce has not screwed anything up beyond repair.
Pepper, Rhodey and Steve excuse themselves to the garden, and leave Tony to give Bruce the grand tour alone. They’ve all seen the whole place by now. The receptionist brings them chilled apple cider, and they drink it in the garden, where the leafy bushes have all gone red and orange. The air is still warm and the sun is bright in the sky. The afternoon passes much too quickly.
Or, more accurately, he’s spying on Steve’s laptop.
“I can do better than that,” Steve says. “I can text it to him. He gave me his number.”
The childlike way Clint’s face lights up at James’s approval is frankly adorable. Bruce has the good grace not to point it out. Rather than go get dressed, Clint sits down on one of the bar stools, in a way that will give Bruce an eyeful if he doesn’t keep his face turned toward James.
“I expect explosions from you,” Pepper counters.  “I don’t expect new friends with good taste.”
Steve doesn’t see him again for a week and a half.
Party 2 Signature: ________________________________________
“If I may, Sir, I am also here, and I am happy you are home,” Jarvis says from above.
“You want to bunk over?” Tony asks. “I have a couple of guest rooms. I promise it won’t be a problem.”
The confirmation for Tony’s spot in the rehab facility comes while they eat their dinner.  Tony passes out against the couch cushions after only half a bowl.  Steve finishes his own soup and breadsticks and then carefully picks Tony up and carries him to his bed.  Tony doesn’t stir.  Steve tucks him in securely then pads out.  He leaves the door open a crack.
“You had a couple weapons on you when shit went wrong this morning,” Clint insists. “And the worst I got from you defending yourself was a couple bruised ribs and a jacked up arm. Think about that.”
“Was he anything like your Jarvis now?” Steve asks.
Tony’s phone rings as Natasha walks back to the table.
Bruce cocks his head, confused for a moment.  “Tony said Agent Coulson is still--”
“I should have given it to you sooner,” Tony says, waving off the appreciation.  “Honestly, I forgot about it.  Unlike Howard,” Tony continues (and the spite and anger is back in full force) “I don’t need a shrine to Captain America to get me through my day.  Whiskey works fine, all on its own.”
Tony considers Steve’s offer. He leans in closer to Steve and kisses his bare shoulder.
“Think we found something,” Bucky says.  He nods toward the empty chair in front of the spare computer and waits for Tony to take it.
Tony looks at Steve, who flips off his friends.  Bucky and Clint make a quick retreat, arms around each other as they let the door slam behind them.
ceramic if you can give me a day or two in a lab.”
Bruce has a few medical supplies with him, hidden away in a corner with his second bag, and he walks over to dig through it, pulling out anything that looks remotely useful. When he realizes it’s more than an armful, he starts to shove it all back in.
“What do you think?” Clint says, turning his head first left, then right.  “Which side is better for the cameras?  Got to look nice for my television debut.”
he’s going to blow himself up. That might be what Tony’s down there trying to explain.”
to function.  To your natural function.  Maybe.”
“I call this one,” Natasha says.  “And I’m the winner so I get it all to myself.”
“Plus there’s always the threat of the ass-kicking Cap would dole out if he thought anyone was messing with you. That shield ain’t just for decoration,” Clint adds. “Though I guess you already know that, huh?.”
Tony stands from his seat and walks off the stage. None of his teammates turn to say goodbye. Howard is on the end, his face blank but his posture angry. Tony doesn’t care.
In the process of searching for the fire extinguisher he comes across the electrical box, and that at least is a way he can contribute that no one else has considered.  It takes Tony less than five minutes to have the power output into and out of the house regulated in a way that’s safer and that ought to prevent any imminent fires.
“Jarvis, can you let me know if Tony wakes up or if he needs anything?”
"Injury?" Steve asks.  He takes a sharp breath because if Bucky’s injured he should
“Dark Universe,” Tony fills in.  “I snuck in a couple months ago.”
They all three laugh.  It’s exactly what they need to lighten the mood.  Which is probably a good thing since it’s late and the restaurant has mostly cleared out.  They need to go.
Steve leaves the door cracked and listens as Tony rustles and thumps around (undressing, Steve assumes) and then the water starts.  It’s the shower, not the low tap, so at least Steve doesn’t have to worry Tony’s going to drown.
“Actually-- you should stay,” Tony says, before Steve needs to respond. “Bruce is busy doing the doctor thing, Barton is injured and Wilson is napping.  Someone needs to keep an eye on the place. You up for it?”
“It’s good to see you happy. S’all I was going to say.”
“Tony does,” Clint says confidently, as he and Bucky join them at the rear of the van and they all begin to unload.
Steve must take it as permission to do more, because he ghosts his hand over Tony's shoulder, then down his arm, before Steve puts his arm around him entirely and settles his hand on Tony's stomach.  He tugs him back a little so Tony can rest against him.
“Thank you,” Steve breathes out. “Thank you for coming.”
Which is apparently a signal because Clint, and Natasha and Bruce and Pepper and Rhodey all stream in from the kitchen.  There ware party hats.  Roses.  Cheering.  Seven people cram into a booth made for four.  And maybe most surprising, Pepper and Rhodey climb in to join Steve’s side, and Nat and Bruce join Tony.  Not surprising anyone at all, Clint attempts to sit on the table.
It’s too close to his face for Tony to read and he has to shift back in his seat to get a decent look and then it’s nothing.  Well-- something, but nothing worth noting.
“That seems presumptuous,” Tony quips.  “Maybe I’m watching Steve because I think he’s stealing office supplies.”
“Stand down, soldier,” Clint orders. “You’re fully functional. We don’t need a mission report.” That doesn’t do anything to erase the murder eyes James is giving him and Clint tries again. “You’re field ready. At ease.”
Steve prays the same words over and over, willing the universe to accept them.  If there is a God, it shouldn’t be asking too much.  Not after everything they’ve been through.
“You don’t have to ask,” Tony says.
Steve cocks an eyebrow.
“You practicing for the Victoria’s Secret runway, or just really, really proud?” Tony asks, as he gives Clint a nudge to move him forward and out of the middle of the stream.
“He has a rink.”
“Or a gun.”
They spend most of the rest of the evening in silence.  Comfortable silence at least.  Steve gets Tony a glass of water and Tony doses off without having eaten a single bite of pizza.  Steve carefully tucks the blanket around him before he leaves.  He stops by the security counter on the way out, and gets the pass for the warehouse in upstate New York.  The guard strongly suggests Steve make an appointment for that visit, as the Stark Industries Head of Security doesn’t like surprises.
“JARVIS is suggesting we get both his arms above his head. Thinks that might ease some of the pressure on that mess,” Sam says. “My words, not his, but you get what I’m saying, right?”
“Just thought you’d be in a hurry.  If you aren’t, kick up your heels.  Stay awhile.”
“You’re only making it worse,” Tony laughs. “You should probably clean that up before you make your sexy video. Which is for what exactly?”
“What are you going to do?”
some peace of mind.”
It’s a quiet skate off the ice, and an even quieter walk down the hall to the locker room. Tony doesn’t say a word as he strips, showers, then changes into a suit for his postgame interview. Losing sucks. Losing to Steve sucks worse.
“I don’t think it’s funny,” Clint says. “I think you’re a first-timer at this, and it’s not my first rodeo. Natasha was a nightmare when I brought her in. She was in full on survival mode, she didn’t trust me any further than she could drop-kick me, and she nearly killed me a dozen times the first week. I got through that; we’ll get through this. When you do the right thing, most of the time it works out.”
“Tony?” Bruce asks. “Yes, he does, but he won’t show up unannounced. Okay-- probably he won’t show up unannounced. Like... 50/50 at worst and I can ask him to leave.”
“Bad,” Tony says simply.  “But probably not as bad as it was the other day.  Barnes has lived through worse more than once.  We’ll get him fixed.”
“Tony?” Steve asks quietly.
James looks no more trusting this time than he looked before. He still unwraps it like a bomb.  He still sniffs it cautiously. But when he takes a bite, it’s a proper bite, and not the nibble from earlier.
If JARVIS knows how Natasha cracks her egg, he won’t tell.  And neither will she.  The only hint any of them have is the single word Natasha mutters to Bucky in Russian moments after it happens.
“Does Tony know about this?” Steve asks, when he hands her back the pen.
“Well, a gay Boy Scout who punched somebody,” Steve says. “Think that means they’ve taken all my merit badges away.”
There’s a thunk like an elephant from out in the living room, then rapid footsteps dashing up the stairs.
“You’re right,” Steve agrees.   Against all odds, he even smiles in spite of himself.
“About damn time, Wilson,” Tony speaks up from the phone. “Where’s our Widow?”
Tony’s bleeding from a small cut on his cheek and he’s rubbing his jaw like he’s been hit.  He’s staring at Jonathan with wide eyes, full of betrayal.  Jonathan’s holding the car keys in his fist and he’s got his arm pulled back like he’s going to punch Tony again.
Tony nods.  “So why SI?  You’re qualified for more.  Hell, you’re qualified for just about anything.”
“Oh, I wish,” Tony says.
At least Steve isn’t taking it quite so personally.
They decide to make the video in Tony’s workshop. Despite Tony’s numerous complaints about camera quality and angle, Steve insists they use his phone’s video function. He wants this to be real. He’s not the least bit worried about production value.
“I don’t need the help,” Steve says, in a long-suffering way that doesn’t quite hide the smile in his tone.
“You know about that?” Steve asks.
“You don’t think I want you?”
“Shit.”
James does seem more at ease with a weapon in his hands, even if the look he gives Bruce is full of offense. “I could defend myself fine without it.”
Steve turns and pulls the blanket up over Tony again to help him feel more secure.  He rubs his arm soothingly and Tony goes quiet again.  Steve checks the clock.  There’s no point in trying to nap so he decides to allow himself to dwell on thoughts he’s spent the last 15+ hours shoving out of his mind.
“Clint and Bucky,” Sam laughs.
“And here I heard you were a genius,” Steve says into Tony’s shoulder.  “Next time I’ll try smaller words.  Maybe make an Excel pie chart or a PowerPoint.  Definitely use something Microsoft based.”
Pepper’s text comes in at 3 AM, on the six week mark of Tony’s departure from New York.
The soldier considers it as he finishes the last bite of his StarkBar. “You can call me James.”
Steve nods then tosses Natasha back her phone.  “Do I even want to know what happened in Bogotá?”
Steve rolls his eyes.  “Ass is in the Bible.  Can’t be that bad.”  And then he smiles.
Steve stands.
“Careful,” Clint groans to Bruce. The wind is knocked out of him so it’s little more than a hoarse whisper. “Survival instincts. Bad.”
saved the world a couple times.  How wicked can you be?”
Steve did it. He
Yes, maybe he's trivializing his own efforts-- his own efforts are stupid so they deserve to be trivialized.
Violets are Blue.
“Looking good, Doc,” Tony greets.  “Something we should know?” He gestures toward Bruce’s ‘I Heart Hawkeye’ shirt with a raised eyebrow.
He reaches down to open his own box.  He saw Tony being sneaky as they were closing them up so he figures he’s got at least one or two surprises to look forward to.
He heads down to his lab and changes into something more suitable for laying on the floor.  He’s got an FTL Platform that needs rigging from the underside and Tony’s brain finally lets him relax once he’s elbow deep in electronics and plasma coils and grease.
Bruce regrets not having asked Steve more about it when he had the chance. Not that he’s ever been Steve’s physician; SHIELD and then hospital doctors have had that responsibility. Bruce isn’t even a medical doctor despite his knowledge of biology. There is absolutely no reason Bruce should have followed up with Steve, and there’s no reason to feel guilty for lacking answers now. It doesn’t matter. Logic is guilt’s bitch.
The house is exactly what they need. Large, and full of light, with oddly angled rooms that allow for bay windows that manage not to give sightlines to the beds. Bruce can’t help but wonder if the house was originally built by people as paranoid as his ex-SHIELD agent friends.
Steve nods, and again, there’s that smile.  Tony’s whole body burns with just how much he wants to say ‘fuck the rules’ and shove Steve up against one of the tables in here and kiss him senseless. To run his hand up Steve’s side and...
"Dr. Banner's office is located on the 7th Floor, and it's 6:55 A.M."
Tony’s brain puts the thoughts together in some semblance of an order and after a few more minutes of just sitting on the ground and making himself breath, he’s able to push up off his rear and stumble over to the nearest sink to splash some cold water on his face. It doesn’t do anything for the splotches on his cheeks but it grounds him. Helps him stay on his feet as he paces and thinks.
“Damn straight,” Clint says with a pleased smile. “I like to tell Bruce to fuck off at least once a week. Keeps him on his toes.”
“No,” Bruce says, honestly. “I think he’d be happy to know you got some rest.”
“Which ‘this’ do you mean?” Steve asks after he presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
“How are they?” Bruce asks.  His voice is raw.  Pained.  Scared.
It’s fine.  It’s not pathological.  Even when he’s pretending he doesn’t know these things, it’s acknowledged he’s the smartest guy in the room.  There’s an equilibrium.
“Two... now three... now one... now four.”
He’s happy. Tony can hear it in his voice. And Tony’s not happy at all but he does try and pull his shit together long enough to have this conversation.
“Yeah, fine, I’ll try it,” James concedes. “At least we all know it sounds stupid.”
“Except I wouldn’t have believed even for a second you’d do that,” Steve reminds him.  “I trust you.”
he is.  Bucky
“Sure.” Tony looks at Dum-E and the camera. “Hey kids. After a long life of fucking up more than anyone has a right to fuck up, I’ve learned a couple of things. Things that maybe could help one of you, so you don’t have to hit rock bottom before things get better.”
Now Tony’s at home, trying to ignore the butterflies in his stomach, because Starks don’t get nervous, they just don’t.
“I’ve got some food,” Bruce offers.
“Tony’s only said that Steve and Natasha were out looking for him and that he wasn’t under HYDRA’s control at this point,” Bruce admits.  “If I’ve ask anything else he changes the subject.”
“Ask then,” Tony demands.  “You want to know something, just ask.”
Considering Tony’s got the nicest car Steve’s ever been in, a mansion, and his own ice rink, Stave has no clue what he could want. Still, Tony’s been nothing but nice to him since they properly met, so he nods.
"You hear those crickets?" Clint asks. "That's the sound of inevitability. Maybe you should be more of a dick and then we'd leave you alone. That or go ahead and get your psych degree."
“Or you could say fuck it and come have a spa day with me and Sam,” Natasha suggests.   “We’ve got a place we know is safe.”
Experience is one word for it.
“Steven,” Nanna scolded, but she was clearly teasing.  “What did I tell you about setting a good example?”
It turns out, for about an hour and half, they do a bit of both. Mostly because Steve confesses that apart from driving a zamboni he’s always wanted to try and skate being pulled along behind one. So that’s a thing that happens. Steve even manages to do it without breaking his neck in the process. He does fall once, but since he’s put on a few of Tony’s extra practice pads it’s actually a whole lot gentler than falls that happen in a game.
And in the second half of the season, the team can’t afford that. Maybe if the NHL was still around. Things were more lenient then. But that’s not the case with the World Hockey League. The WHL system is brutal and a screw up mid-season can have a ripple effect all the way to the end. The Brooklyn Stars can’t afford even the tiniest slip in concentration.
<3  Comments and Kudos are always appreciated and met with embarrassing levels of enthusiasm!
“I can’t picture you on a trike, but yeah--,” Clint says. “I think it’s a pretty safe bet that waking you up before you’re ready would be hazardous to my health.”
“It’s a relief to know he doesn’t hate me,” Steve admits.  “At least I don’t think he hates me anymore.  With him it’s hard to tell.”
“That’s my girl,” Tony says.
Tony was about to tell JARVIS to end the feed when the video continued to follow Steve down the hall.  And well-- honestly Tony only continued watching because it was mostly a view of Steve from behind and that was the kind of quality television that deserved an Oscar.
March comes in like a lion,
“Takes one to know one,” Steve agrees.
Judging by the speculative looks James is now giving Tony, whatever James has built Tony Stark up to be in his head, meeting him has taken some weight off of James’s concerns.
“Never,” Steve says.
“Anything you want to add to that?” Steve asks.
“Would he pay my cable bill?” Clint asks.
“I didn’t follow you to Austria on purpose,” Clint says. “The day SHIELD fell, I had just gotten off a plane in New York from four weeks off grid. I was still in the airport when I got a text from Natasha. It was one word-- our go word-- and nothing else. I got on the first plane out, and ended up in London. I had some options from there, and-- you know how we watched that singing nun movie at Christmas? Climb every mountain and goats and stuff? I looked up where the movie was filmed and ended up in Salzburg.”
Tony taps across the screens expertly-- like he writes phone manuals in his free time-- and then hands the phone back to Steve.
Bruce tosses the bar back and Clint unwraps it and takes a big bite.
Clint makes it less than ten seconds before he blurts out his thoughts.
“You’re thinking of calling Fury and Coulson?” Natasha asks.
“More than once,” Steve says. “At least this time it’s his choice.”
“I can walk you in,” Steve says, once the car is in park.  “If you want.”
“Enjoy,” Tony says.
Natasha leads the way in, and sets herself up at the bar, perching on a chair like she owns the place.  She pulls out a stack of crumpled, scribbled-on note cards and some old, blurry security cam photos.  The Winter Soldier is visible in several of them.
“Great.  Now go away.  Give us some privacy, sky snoop,” Tony says, climbing to his feet and helping Steve do the same.
“I dunno,” Tony smirks.  “Think I’m probably going to need to take a look.”
Tony’s got to give credit to his friends-- none of them even startle.  Clint shifts his chair back an inch or two to avoid some spilled water, Bruce and Nat cross their arms menacingly and Steve stares down the room.
“You know it,” Clint says with a wink.
He makes it to the diner right after the afternoon rush.
Bout to do something stupid.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks.
“Hey, want to get some air?” Steve asks, unprompted.
Though as soon as Bucky settles a Starbucks cup in Clint’s hands he look supremely content.
“I don’t wanna hear how
Bucky was dead. I watched him fall. No one could have survived."
He takes the small Brooklyn Stars gift bag from Steve’s hand and opens it. The first puck is signed to Jenny. The second one is for him.
“Sometimes healing hurts,” Bruce says, trying to give James some starting points for processing. “Sometimes healing can hurt even more than the initial injury. And that’s just taking into consideration someone healing in a way that’s typical. I don’t know what your healing is supposed to feel like. Steve’s never been all that specific.”
“You’re right. You don’t have far to go,” Bruce insists. “Are you even wearing your pads out on the ice at this point?”
“Not bad, Stark,” Natasha says, already strapping weapons to herself.  From the way she’s looking at them, Steve’s pretty sure the paintball stingers are her favorite.  “Now I see why we left Bruce at home.”
“It’s adorable you know all that.  I always suspected you were secretly a nerd.  You hide it behind the tight shirts but eventually we all find each other.  I was telling Rhodey just the other day—”
“No, of course not,” Tony says.  “You never mean to be offensive.  You never mean to rub your superiority in our faces.  You just exist and everyone thinks you’re perfect and you don’t have to actually
“Stark Satellite Three shows a helicopter headed in your direction, Sir.”
“Not once I tell Clint,” Steve confirms.
“Thank you,” Tony says.  There’s a lot of other stuff he wants to say but words aren’t always his friends and thank you is all he’s gonna get out without
A few more minutes pass as Steve watches the people below until it is starting to be an awkwardly long time for Tony to be gone.
“You never met your father and your mother was a saint,” Tony says, rolling his eyes.  “Tell me something I don’t know.”
“I missed you, too,” Tony says. “I’ve thought a lot about you. About everything you said. And I want to do it. To try this. To date. I talked to someone about us. My main therapist. She said there isn’t any reason it can’t work but that it’s going to mean a lot of you and me talking. About things. First.”
“We don’t even have a chair like the kind you mean,” Clint says.  “That’s a chair that assholes use and we aren’t assholes.  Most of the time.  And never like that.  We aren’t here to hurt you.”
“Is this okay?” Steve asks.  “For me to be in here?”
“Steven, show Tony upstairs to your room and get some clean clothes for the both of you.  I’m going to make coffee,” Nanna says.  “Oh, and mind your weapons, dears.  I moved the gun basket to under the shoe bench.”
“Katie’s going to be more pissed if we don’t get our asses in gear,” Bucky reminds him.  “What with her depending on this distraction to you know-- live and all.”
Straw flies everywhere as Clint starts dragging weapons out of his crate.  Natasha’s excited enough that she’s moving quickly, too.  And really so are Steve and Tony.  This is too much fun to delay.
Tony stares at him for a few long seconds, like he’s looking for something specific.  Whether or not he finds it there, Steve doesn’t know.
“I know where Clint means,” Natasha says.  “And I approve, for what that’s worth.  We could land the Quinjet in the back field and use the stretcher to get James out of the jet,” Natasha says. “Keep him outdoors until he wakes up, then he could choose if he wants to go in the house.”
“He had no right to say those things about you.”
Rhodey’s gracious enough not to mention the increased criminal activity is directly related to a distinct lack of Iron Man. Steve also knows that Rhodey’s spent the last six months flying around the globe nearly non-stop so the government pressure on Tony stays to a minimum.
“Clinton,” Nanna laugha.
It’s early.  Early enough that Tony should still be sleeping, but he’d woken up from a troubled dream and the sight of Steve next to him made him want to stay awake.  To observe in the quiet of pre-dawn, this absolutely breathtaking view that for the moment is Tony’s alone.
“Who’s got stealth mode now, bitches?” he demands.
That sounds made up.
Every single word Tony speaks seems to take an extraordinary amount of effort. Like he’s bracing himself for Steve to reject this. To decide even this tiny request is too much.
“Barton first. Then we worry about Banner. Hulk will keep Bruce safe till we can get to him.”
And for the first time Bruce gets the feeling this isn’t so much a warning as a genuine question. James has got fears and insecurities, just like the rest of them. That he’s learning to express them is a big step.
“I am sir.  The fleas have been deployed and an armored car is headed your way.  It will track your location so anywhere you can exit the woods safely is an acceptable pick up point.”
Sam reaches back to hand Tony a phone.  “Pepper’s on the line for you.”
“I hate everyone you date,” Steve says finally.  It’s all he’s got.  His only defense for why he’d interfered.
“Well it’s not illegal,” Tony says.  “Since technically it doesn’t exist yet outside my lab.”
When Bruce hears an old Chevy making it’s way up the drive, that’s his cue to head upstairs.  It’s not that he doesn’t want to see Tony or Natasha-- he does.  But not yet.  Not until he feels more human than zombie.
“How does the thought of being able to buy things for Steve make you feel?” Dr. Gerber asks Tony.
Steve trails off.  “You wouldn’t have read about it in the papers, because to the rest of the world it never happened.  It was the first time we met Natasha.  She worked for another agency, but she was brought in as an expert.  We got orders to blow up a building, but when we got there, the building wasn’t empty.  It was apartments.  There was a day care.  I was leading the mission and I did the only thing I could think to do.  I sent Bucky and Clint in to pull the fire alarms.  Once the building was empty, we set off the explosives, but in the time it took to get the civilians out, the guys we were after got away.  The mission was a failure.”
He leans close and presses a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
“Hey, sliced bread was well within my time and my tastebuds work fine,” Steve says.  “Ask Bruce if you don't believe me.  I have a healthy appreciation for food from this century.”
Bucky types in a rapid series of codes and then Tony’s display fills with information.  Bucky and Clint have been busy.  And they’re every bit as good at this espionage stuff as advertised.  Tony’s impressed and he doesn’t impress easily.
That’s it.  That’s all she says.
“JFK,” Tony repeats.  “God, you’re cool.”
“Gimme a minute, Steve,” Tony says.
“Count me out,” Tony says.
“Well, of that much I approve,” Tony says. “Tell him I forgive him for tattling.”
James pushes himself up off the hay and shivers against the cool wind.
“For me, I don’t think much about the pain, but being stiff feels weird,” Clint tosses in. “My body’s pretty much the only company I have when I’m on a mission so I know exactly what every muscle’s supposed to do and if they don’t do it right, I don’t like it. Not because I can’t push through the pain but because it’s just not right. It’s off.”
Steve pulls the cowl off from over his eyes.
“Bucky and I had an island,” Steve says.  “Not-- I mean, obviously not a real island.  That’s just what we’d say when we’d tell each other somethin’ confidential.  “This has got to stay on the island.”  Don’t even remember how it started...”
“You’re welcome,” Steve says.  “You just wake up?”
Sam grabs the phone out of Tony’s hand and flips it over and does exactly what Natasha asked, in one swift movement.
“I’m not overly fond of guns,” Bruce says, reaching past Steve and selecting a big one.  “But I started in the military.  I know what to do.”
“Saw Stark out in the halls,” Clint says.  “Whatever he said about last night-- you did the right thing.  I was about three seconds from putting an arrow through Sean’s balls.”
Steve nods and takes Tony’s hand and brings it to his lips so he can kiss one of his knuckles.
When Steve and Jarvis are satisfied all the alcohol is out of the house, Steve lays down on the couch.  He sleeps all the way through to the next morning.
“You’d be a great coach. The whole time we were playing just now, some of those comments you were making were kind of helpful. I know I shift my weight too much on slapshots. Coaches told me that for years before I moved to the goal. But none of them ever had much advice on how to fix it, except to tell me to stop. What you said about my hips... I don’t know. It felt better, even if we were only messing around.”
“That does seem the point of a symmetrical face mask, sir,” JARVIS says.
When Bruce walks inside, James is sitting on the couch, his hand resting carefully on his knee.  Clint is back at the table, assembling a gun.
“No, because he’d be playing AC/DC and making it work over your school’s PA system. Do not trust this man. He’s a menace.”
“You want to go check out your workshop by yourself or do you want some company?” Steve asks.
This isn’t exactly a conversation he wants to have at stupid o’clock in the morning. Howard’s reaction had been complicated, as most things involving Howard were.
“Sam Wilson,” the winged man introduces as he rips a velcro medpack off his flight suit. “Para-rescue. Friend of Steve’s.”
“But he’ll wake up,” Steve says, letting out a breath that speaks volumes about Steve’s stress level. Maybe he’d heard it from JARVIS, but it’s obvious what he’d needed was to hear it from Bruce.
I post outtakes and ficlets on my tumber
Tony moves over to the desk and runs his fingers carefully over the model of the USS Enterprise (NCC-1701-D).  It’s hand painted and the details are exactly right. +100 Tony Stark Sex Points to Steve for this thing.
he jumps, the suit will catch him before he hits the ground.  Drastic, sure, but way more pleasant than this line of questioning.  As far as messages go, Tony’s pretty sure it will get his point across: He doesn’t want to think about it.
Obadiah makes a lunge for Tony or maybe just JARVIS on Tony’s phone.  It doesn’t matter.  Steve plants himself in front of Tony and deflects the attack, dropping Obie to the ground like a stack of bricks.
At least that’s what they’re counting on.
Steve stops what he’s doing to look up at the ceiling.  He wants Jarvis to know he has his full attention.
chances.  He didn’t take them.  Somewhere deep down he knows who I am.  I know he does.”
“I'm always kind,” Natasha says.  She reaches up to ruffle Steve’s hair as she passes him, then swats at Clint.  “Now get your asses in gear.  Last ones back to base are gonna end up stuck with the paperwork and I know a shortcut.”
"Yes, sir.  Now if you'll enter the elevator..."
“Too busy to care,” Bruce responds. Not to be an ass, but because the lights and the beeps and the panels and the blood have his focus. He’s finally snapped back from the grips of stunned failure where he’d lost himself for a minute.
A moment later a picture of Boop appears on the nearest screen. She’s as beautiful as Steve remembers. Large, intelligent eyes, curves in all the right places, dark curls pinned up to frame her face, and an easy, sweet smile as she beams at the camera.
“Tell me how to keep James alive. First steps-- baby steps-- anything. I don’t need the odds. It’s better not to know.”
“Just ask him if he knew!” Tony growls at the ceiling. “If the answer is anything but
“You only watched the first few minutes of Les Mis, I take it?” Steve laughs.
“You want to come in?” Tony asks.  “Jarvis could queue up some Cosmos for us.  There are still a few I haven’t watched.”
you do this.  I mean that.”
Party 1 Signature: ________________________________________
“Exactly,” Steve says.  “So.  The house is empty.”
They've quieted down a little by the time Bruce joins them, and he isn't surprised to find James and Clint sitting at the dining room table with a huge array of weapons sitting out on display.  Bruce doesn't know where they got them and he isn't going to ask.
Info begins to appear on all their phones.  They dive in to Hammer’s dirty secrets, while Natasha drives and continues to speak quietly in a low, hushed conversation that seems to involve an intricate mix of corporate espionage and shoes.
“Arm is not functional,” James reports after a minute of silence. “Won’t move.”
It’s nearing eleven when Steve realizes he wants Tony to meet his namesake. He looks around and Tony and Pepper and Rhodey are nowhere to be seen.
“James?” Bruce asks softly, as he stands. “You’re safe. There was a malfunction and things got kind of wild, but that’s mostly sorted now. We’re back in the states-- somewhere Clint is sure is safe. I trust him, so I thought you might too.”
“I’m sorry that happened,” Steve says.
“Whoever isn’t on bait duty,” Clint says.  “We can use a distraction to draw out some of that security.  Give whoever goes in a better chance of going unnoticed.”
Steve waits until Tony looks up, and then places the paper on the floor and moves to sign.  He pauses and looks up at the ceiling.
“You know what you’re going to say?” Steve asks Tony.
Tony did this to Bruce.  Made him sound hurt like this.  All because he was too much of a coward to tell Bruce the truth and risk the rejection of Bruce choosing not to come to New York even if Tony needed him.  And now Tony needed to fix this.
“Their game,” a tall blond-haired man laughs.  “I’m just the referee.”
Tony nods.  “Ohhhhh.  Right.  In that case, do you want to come up to my office?  We can just... hang out.  As friends.”
Steve picks up his hamburger, takes a bite, then swallows.  “The sex.  I think Shayla’s full of shit.”
He’s called Steve because if they do this face to face Tony’s gonna punch him straight in the teeth and break his damn hand on that perfect smile.
Steve tilts his head slightly.  “You don’t have to explain.  I believe you.”
“It’s really not,” Tony says.  “Can’t hurt Barnes without hurting you.  Can’t hurt you without feeling like I kicked a puppy.  There’s no easy answers here.”
“Inside,” Natasha says.  “Then we’ll talk.  We good to stay up here?” she asks Tony.
It had been years since he’d had so much fun in the rink. Sure, Rhodey and Jenny are a lot of fun but Tony has to be careful with them. He can skate into Steve as hard as he likes and Steve is like a brick house on ice skates. They master the zamboni, skate hard into walls, hip check each other at every opportunity, wrestle over the puck like four-year-olds and break just about every hockey rule in the book.
Tony kind of thinks that’s what regular phones are for, but sure, why not?
“So you cheated,” Clint says.
Steve tilts his head and waits for permission.  Tony gives him a slight nod.  Steve tugs his own t-shirt off over his head and tosses it to the side, then puts his fingers to the buttons on the front of Tony’s pajama shirt.  He looks one more time for confirmation.  Tony reaches up to help him, and Steve can take it from there.
“Gimme,” Tony says.  Though when Clint extends it, Tony draws back slightly.  “Mind putting it on the desk?  I don’t like being handed things.”
“Anyone.  Everyone,” Steve confirms.  “Why? What are you thinking?”
“You know I could make you a way better art pad, right?  Like.  The best art pad?” Tony asks.
“He wants to juggle donuts,” Natasha says, unimpressed. “Like that’s a talent.”
“I don’t need a nanny to get me ready and out of the house,” Tony insists. “Dad can go fuck himself.”
James’s metal fist clenches into a ball so tight Bruce hears a slight grinding sound. He knows
“We didn’t want him getting hurt,” the officer explains.  She’s the sort of efficient professional Steve appreciates and he smiles at her in thanks.  “There’s a lot of prestige in prison, being the guy who punched Tony Stark, and he’s pretty out of it.  I don’t think he could defend himself if he wanted to.”
James becomes very interested in the half a StarkBar he has left so it’s Clint who speaks.
Bruce laughs. Clint is scary good at knowing exactly the right thing to say to ease Bruce’s quickly multiplying self-doubt spirals.
He steps over to Tony and wraps both arms around him in a hug.  There’s nothing romantic about it.  There’s a time and a place for Steve’s unrequited feelings and this is not that time or place.  Tony leans in against him and Steve holds him a little more tightly.  They stay like that for almost a full minute as Tony pulls himself together.  The shaky sobs turn to sniffles and then they quiet all together. Tony tugs away.
The door unlocks and Natasha opens it a second later.
Steve's expression grows cautious. “I swear you’ll get the whole story but just..." Steve pauses. There's something in his eyes Tony recognizes as anxiety. Guilt, too. And maybe a little panic.
It’s actually kind of anticlimactic once they arrive for lunch. The people who know Steve greet him by name. The people who don’t, ignore them. God bless true New Yorkers.
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS says kindly.
“He’s one of yours,” James says. “Your archer. You didn’t know he was tracking you?”
“I think we should stop for the night,” Steve says.  “Wait until we’re with Dr. Gerber to see if he can help."
Bruce laughs. “I guess that’s one way of putting it. Or he’s hard-wired to value life. It’s not a bad thing, at least I don’t think so. But it’s a frustrating thing if you’re the sort of person who wants to keep him safe.”
“Well, it wasn’t common knowledge, obviously. But it was a thing. Is a thing. Yeah.”
There’s more shuffling and it’s Steve on the line again. Bruce wonders about the code Natasha and Clint have just sent back and forth, but it doesn't appear to worry James, so Bruce isn't worried either.
“Give me one of those tacos.
"That's right.  Just the once," Nanna agrees, turning off her smile once she's gotten her way.  Tony loves this woman.
“It’s not a bad thing to be generous,” Steve clarifies.  “When I was trying to get into art school, I could barely afford the pencils.  If SI produced art pads, maybe I could put some of my money into buying them and sending them out to kids.  Or adults.  Anyone who needs one and can’t afford it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don't mind?” Steve asks. “I was going to tell you. I just wanted to wait until I knew if Tony felt the same.”
“College,” Natasha says vaguely. “I’m glad you like--”
“I’m shitty,” Tony says. “I never meant to make you think otherwise.”
<3  Arrow
It’s definitely a StarkBar though the packaging has changed. The ones that Bruce had carried with him were prototypes and wrapped in silver, quick seal foil. These are... flashy. Specifically, they are covered in pictures of Bruce and Tony, making ridiculous faces and printed with BANNERBAR in bright purple along the side. The pictures must have been taken from different security feeds in the lab. No doubt JARVIS had special orders to save any images that involved them looking like idiots.
“Not a clue," Tony says.
(+10)
“Welcome back, Sir.”
Obie’s face settles into a grim mask of malice.
“No,” Steve says honestly.  “Nothing ever went that far. They weren’t my type.”
“If something feels off, we won’t be annoyed if you need us to stop,” Bruce tells James as he lifts his backpack. “Just say the word.”
“Do you think you could show me where you hurt?” Bruce asks.
Bruce gives Clint a light pat on the back.
“Works for me,” Mae says, with a nod.  “You want the usual?”
“Mmmmm,” Steve muses.  He reaches for Tony’s hand to help him to his feet.  “I like when you talk baseball.  And the sooner we catch this asshole the sooner we can get back in this bed.”
He tries to paste on a less miserable expression as he walks the halls.  Tony shouldn’t have to deal with Steve’s issues, and if Steve was a stronger person-- if Steve was Captain America all the time-- Tony wouldn’t have to.  But Captain America is a fiction, and Steve is stuck in this shitty reality where Bucky is alive and wants nothing to do with him, so when he does find Tony out on the roof, he knows that not one thing about him looks enthusiastic to be there.
Steve stands and heads toward the hall. Sam stands too, walks over to the fridge, rummages in what appears to be a vegetable drawer, and pulls out a hand gun.
They all gear up, and then Tony explains the rules.  He and Steve have come up with a game that borrow rules from Capture the Flag, Kick the Can, traditional paintball, and The Art of War.  Basically, they’ve spent waaaaay too many late nights on this.
Tony hasn’t just burned his bridges.  He’s taken Jericho Missiles to them.
Steve opens up his arms and Tony only hesitates for a moment before he crosses the distance between them and buries his face in Steve’s shirt. Steve wraps his arms around him and pulls him close. They stay like that until the coffee maker beeps.
There’s a look on Clint’s face that gives away just how much it means to him that Bruce values his opinion. If Bruce was a hugger he’d have reached for Clint, but he isn’t so he just walks past him to the fridge and pulls out two bottles of beer instead. He slides one down the counter to Clint, and then opens the other for himself.
Bruce shrugs. “What can I say, I like this petty side of you. Want to go egg his car?”
Tony hasn’t been to Steve’s place yet. It just makes so much more sense (when they’re sober) for them to go to Tony’s which is spotless, and fancy and where they have all the privacy in the world and a giant, soft bed.
“He tried to take the floor,” James explains sounding almost sheepish.
Bucky runs a hand through Clint's hair to muss it up, and then leans down to kiss him on top of the head.  Right.  So being a brat before.
Steve doesn’t respond right away.  He’s too busy staring at Tony in amused confusion.
James’s eyes widen slightly and he doesn’t say anything in protest but Bruce can feel the force of words that aren’t there. James’s face is a study in controlled misery and he takes in sharps breath as he goes still.
“That’s a shame,” Steve says.  “When I knew him, he’d have thought you were great.”
“Sir is in the shower,” Jarvis tells him.  “He has been there since I alerted him that you’d arrived in New York.”
Steve has had weeks now to sort this out.  To make sure he isn’t putting himself in a position of accepting the exact sort of abuse from Tony that Steve has watched Tony suffer through himself.  It doesn’t feel like that.
“A satellite?” Tony asks.
“Well, she’s been bugging me for a year to bring someone to the house for starters," Steve says. "I know this isn’t the best of circumstances, but I’m glad she’s going to get to meet you.”
“It’s hard to explain,” Steve says.  “You’re just special.  From the first time I met you, I could tell.  You’re someone so far ahead of the rest of us we will never catch up.  You’re someone who can change the world.  Do you understand what an amazing thing that is?”
“Who knows?” Tony says.  “But I emailed Jane.  Asked her to let him know I’m looking for him.  Figured it couldn’t hurt.”
where I will sit happily reblogging all of Mushroom's considerable talent!!!
That’s enough to get Bucky to look up from his screen, just to mouth the word
“A hundred points for getting home to me,” Tony whispers.
“God yes,” Tony agrees.  Not that he doesn’t love his friends, but he loves a stolen moment of Steve’s time even more.
“I dunno, Captain Covetous. It sounds like you would have, if the street had been deserted.”
“He’s always been like that. There was this one time he--” James stops so suddenly he chokes on the word.
“I don’t know if I can trust him,” James says.  “Or Rogers.  He wants me captured.”
He’s only concerned because they’re a few hours out from a fight with some bouncing robots and he hadn’t seen Tony take any rough hits this time around.  Nothing strong enough to breach the armor and cause the dark purple mark around Tony’s wrist.
“Yeah, but that might also bring him in guns blazing,” Sam points out.  “That could get ugly fast.”
James doesn’t respond, and at first Bruce thinks it’s because he’s still listening for Clint, but there’s a tenseness in his features that suggests otherwise. Something about his expression clicks with Bruce: Any resistance at all to suggestion was beaten out of James a long time ago.
Tony considers it.  “More equal,” he admits.
“Captain Rogers?” he asks shyly.
Bruce nods and switches places with Clint.  Clint goes for the BannerBars (which Bruce is positive he’d named StarkBars) first.
“You’re a big, damn hero.  Who wouldn’t want to drink you through a straw?” Clint asks.
Steve practically chokes at the mention of that god-awful song.  “Please tell me that’s not your private elevator music.”
“Hey,” Tony breathes out. “Missed you.”
But just... gaaaawd.
They all dig around in their pockets then shove small pieces of molded foam into their ears.  Tony can still hear a little, but now his ears won’t be ringing when the festivities are over.
“We all get it,” Clint says, standing up without being asked. “After a bad mission-- some people don’t like to be alone. I don’t. And then once I’m a little more with it I want everyone the fuck out.”
Tony’s voice comes over the phone speaker, twice as loud as JARVIS.
Tony doesn’t say much.  It’s Steve’s turn to rant, and wow-- when he gets going does that Brooklyn accent come out strong.  Tony did not know this was a kink of his but it is absolutely, most definitely a kink.  At least judging from the very vivid mental image Tony’s got of Steve using that same accent in bed.  It’s so incredibly inappropriate to even think about kinks when he’s supposed to be making a stab at being a supportive friend that Tony digs his fingernails into his palm.
It helps that Tony doesn’t seem any more comfortable spending time with Steve.  By unspoken agreement, they avoid each other except out of absolute necessity in the field or with a strained sense of awkward politeness at charity functions.
“Of course,” Tony says.
Tony freezes for a moment, then bursts out laughing.
Tony shakes his head then tilts it slightly back toward Cap. “Wasn’t talking about saving James.”
The worst part about the museum, apart from the constant worry he’ll be recognized, is how much he wants to reach out and touch his things.  How nice it’d be to curl up with his old sketchbook or run his thumb over his beat-up radio, and
“Tony?” Steve calls as he exits the elevator.
“You’d know if I snuck in here with with anyone else,” Bruce points out. “And yes, that’s James. I’m not 100 percent sure he won’t kill you when he comes out, so if you’d rather us take a walk, I can leave a note.”
“Show us your scars!” shouts one guy near the front.
Bruce walks up on Kate’s last few of words and she holds up her fist to him for a fistbump.
“All this time...” Steve says.
James’s face is a total blank and he’s staring straight ahead.  He’s made Bruce upset and now he’s ready for his punishment, exactly the same as back at the barn.
“I have them, too,” Steve says, sparing Tony from any more than that simple thanks.  “I don’t know if they’re official panic attacks or just something similar.  This last time it was fireworks that set it off.  It made for a rough birthday.”
The door unlocks, and Steve doesn’t hesitate to step inside.  He doesn’t know what set Tony off and honestly, he’s expecting blood since JARVIS’s concerns are running high enough to override his creator’s settings.  He’s definitely expecting angry shouting when he barges in.  What he doesn’t expect is to see nothing much at all.  One side of the bedspread has been dragged over the edge of the pristinely made bed and Steve can hear sharp, rapid breathing coming from the other side of the mattress.  Hidden from view, and definitely Tony.
“It means, you-- James Barnes-- are not a killer on your own. All that violence was on them, and now that they’re gone-- I’ve got a lot of faith in who’s left behind, and so does Bruce. That’s why you’ve got a knife.”
Someone shuts the door behind Steve and the limo moves forward before he’s taken his seat.
Tony jumps when a hand settles on his back.  He doesn’t pull away.  Physical comfort is Tony’s weakness, and it’s a rare gift.  Something he can’t buy for himself.  He wants to enjoy it for a minute before he has to give it up.
“Okay, well, Iron Man doesn’t exist anymore so your boyfriend might as well be imaginary, and my boyfriend punched Hitler,” Tony argues.  “I win.”
“Clint. We’re good,” Bruce assures him. “I’m not upset.”
Steve nods. “How he’s doing?”
“Tony thinks you are,” Kate replies.  “And I don’t disagree.  Please?  It’ll make everyone feel better.  I’ll show you my place.  You can meet Darcy.”
“You’re going to make me say it?” Tony asks.
“I take it you didn’t choose to be called the Winter Soldier, then?” Bruce asks.
“I wanted to eat a family dinner,” Tony says.  “We never did.  I ate with Jarvis in the kitchen most of the time and if he was busy, I ate alone.  Mom and Dad had a giant table in the dining room and we never used it.  I thought... when I chose the painting... I thought the people looked lucky.  They didn’t look happy.  They were poor.  They were probably sick as fuck of potatoes.  But they had something I didn’t.  They had family.  Maybe they were miserable but they were miserable together.  I guess... that just got my attention.”
“Don’t you think that ought to be my choice to make?” Steve asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Kudos and comments are always appreciated!  You can find me on Tumblr at
Steve’s out of the jet before the ramp’s done lowering, and he takes the path JARVIS had shown him before at a sprint.  Tony’s on the floor against his bed, in a compact Tony-shaped ball, shaking and struggling to slow his lungs.  Steve asks no questions, he simply sits, wraps an arm around Tony’s shoulder, and launches into a monologue about his thoughts on motorcycle helmet laws.  It’s the first thing that comes to mind, and slowly, eventually, Tony’s panic attack subsides.
“I know some people enjoy it,” Steve tries again.  “Do you?”
When Natasha returns, it’s to shrug into her jacket and say goodnight.  Sam leaves with her, and Clint and Bucky stumble out after them.
When everything is inside, Bruce joins Clint at James’s side and glances at the monitors.
“Nope.  A promise is a promise. I told you I’d suffocate you, and as Captain America I am honor-bound to do it.  It’s in the constitution.  It was nice knowing you.”
When Steve hands the third picture over, Tony looks confused. It’s several hearts drawn on one page. They differ in size and get more steady from left to right.
He’s trying to be honest.  To lay something out for Tony he hasn’t shared with anyone else.  Something he thinks Tony might understand after his own ordeal in the desert.  Except Tony’s just glaring at him with that awful look on his face, and he’s not saying anything.
Steve has no clue what to say to that.  Tony’s voice is so soft that without super hearing Steve probably wouldn’t have heard him.  He props himself up on an elbow.
“Yeah,” Clint agrees.  “It’s me, Sam, Nat, Bucky and Kate.  Steve doesn’t play, but we send him photographic evidence since he’s the photoshop expert.  If he calls bullshit it doesn’t count.”
“But it might,” Tony says gently.  “I’m not going to tell you to give up all hope.  We already tried that.  It wasn’t great.”
“I’d like the company,” Steve says, saving Bruce from his doubt. “I know how much he misses you. Thank you for being willing to forgive him. I don’t think he thought you would.”
I’m headed your way.
“He’s a
“We’re 2 hours out from New York,” Natasha says. “He won’t wake up before we land. We should be worrying about where we’re going to put down.”
“These?” Tony asks.
The opportunity is a miracle.  Pepper is a miracle maker.  And for that reason, Tony
He sounds amazed.
Bruce thinks about his next words carefully.  He doesn’t want to guilt Tony into this.  He also doesn’t want anything bad to happen to James.  He settles for the truth.
It’s so perfectly sarcastic, the last of Bruce’s morning stress dissolves.
Steve only gets a minute alone with Tony, right at the end. Pepper and Rhodey have said their goodbyes, and Bruce hugs Tony then tells Steve he’ll wait for him in the car.
The front doors bang open and more security files in from outside, only not Hammer security.  They’re all dressed in much darker colors, with eagle patches on their shoulders, and guns in their hands.
“We’ve only been driving for a couple of hours and we’ve stopped twice for food.  How are you possibly this averse to road-tripping?” Tony asks.
They’re greeted with a whole new round of drunken hellos, and some playful kissy noises from the other end of the table from Clint and Bucky.  Natasha and Sam have made themselves comfortable and she’s on his lap.  Sam's got his arm wrapped around her waist so she can balance sideways to grab them more fries.  They look cozy.
näˈstaljə,nəˈstaljə/
Steve laughs loudest of them all.
He makes a good living. He earns his money doing the thing he loves. What Tony has is well beyond that.
“This is good,” Bruce says out loud. “A few more rounds on the IV and I think he could be up and walking around. Tony, Steve-- did you guys catch that?”
“Ugh, you’re making it really hard to resent you,” Tony sighs, pulling away from Steve’s arm and letting out a groan of exasperation.  “And shit-- my ass fell asleep.  And here at least I thought I could make a dignified exit.”
“You’re terrible,” Steve laughs, crossing his arms.
This feels small.
Tony laughs.  “I’m that predictable, huh?”
Two words.  Three, maybe, depending on how Tony counts the contraction.  Two syllables, for sure.  Eleven letters.  Tony can analyze Steve’s words in a lot of different ways.   It’s harder to turn them into meaning.
James looks intently at the offered clothing.
And then, as if it hadn’t happened at all, Tony’s rocking back on his heels, looking all expectant and impatient and animated.  “JARVIS is gonna order us cheeseburgers and fries. We’re gonna grab some lemonade from my fridge and we’re going to drink it up on the roof.  You good with that?”
"Just the once," Bucky admits.
Whatever he was about to say might be a memory. It might also be something less tangible. Whatever it was it obviously scares the bejezus out of him.
Tony watches as Steve turns and picks up their dirty napkins and starts to pour all the leftover beer into the now empty pitchers.  Tony realizes with no small amount of surprise that Steve is bussing the table, so the server won’t have to.  And since Tony’s not an asshole, he joins him, and scrapes leftover fries onto one of the platters and then stacks the empty plates while Steve stacks the cups.
“Seems stupid for only one of us to show off that we’re taken,” Tony says.  “I want the world to know I’m yours.”
He lets go of Steve’s hand but doesn’t move out of his space.  Steve lets out a slow breath.  He doesn’t say anything else and he sticks close to Tony as they walk back inside.
“J?” Tony asks.  “Report.”
“I know you will.”
He turns his back and starts to walk away but Steve still isn’t letting it go because of course he isn’t.
Wait. That sounded wrong. For the benefit. I owed you for the benefit.
“Right, yeah okay,” Tony agrees. “Let’s do this shit.”
“You’ve got me there.”
“I know I’m not technically in the game,” Steve says.  “But this is Unknown Awesome and I’m awarding myself the points.”
“Since Barton’s lousy at introductions,” the man two seats away from Tony says, “I’m Sam.  Glad you could join us.”
Eventually the man sits down, more obviously favoring his leg when he has to shift his weight to do it. He ends up facing Bruce, with his back to the door, and that feels odd in the same way it felt odd to see him moving toward the barn out in the open. Bruce has spent enough time around Clint and Natasha that he thinks sightlines are just a given with assassins. So either the soldier doesn’t care if he gets shot in the back of the head, or he’s good enough that he doesn’t need the reassurance of a view.
Tony doesn’t reply. Steve can hear him messing around under the car and that’s about it.
“Ohhhhh,” Pepper says.  She looks incredibly relieved as she reaches over, picks up the bottle of wine on the table, and pours Steve a glassful.  “In that case... welcome to the club.”
Not wanting to play hockey anymore is the worst of all, but he doesn’t. Not because of the loss. Not because of this game. Not because of anything revolving around the championship. This isn’t what Tony wants. And it’s hard to say goodbye this way.
“Great.  Can you get us home?”
And to James’s point... well, Bruce can’t deny that James is probably on to something even if it’s not something Bruce would have the first clue how to go about fixing.
“Did he say if he’s coming back tonight?”
It’s breathtaking.
Bruce knows James already knows the answer.
The group at the table guard their egg-babies a little more attentively until Bucky pulls another dozen out from the fridge.  Then they can breathe easy.
“Get a room, you two,” Fury chimes in.  From where or how, Steve really does not care to know.
“So what’d you decide? Cut or no cut?” Clint asks.  “Like Bruce said, it’s not going to hurt my feelings if you change your mind. Your body-- your hair-- your choice.”
Steve looks up.  They’re the last two in the tower conference room.  Tony’s been tapping on his phone for the last hour, and it only now occurs to Steve that by this point in the evening he’s usually in here alone.
Tony reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small blue box.  He flicks it open and inside there are two rings.
“I thought so too,” Shayla continues.  “Like-- I’m not trying to be rude or be all TMI, but it’s not just the scars up by the... light.  The scars go all the way down to... you know.”
Go to the event. Get through the night without incident. Move on.
“I could fix them up for you,” Tony offers.  “Probably wouldn’t take me more than a day.”
“I can come back,” Steve says. “It’s late. We could talk tomorrow. I wasn’t thinking.”
Steve pulls out his cell phone and taps out a message. Tony’s phone beeps and when Tony reads the screen, it’s a group text.
“So you didn’t really give me the old-timey version of a hand job?”
“James has had six and half weeks to eat a bullet,” Clint says, his words the slightest bit slower than normal. Like it’s an effort to concentrate. “He didn’t. He went looking for you instead, to ask about Steve. He wants a life. After everything-- don’t dismiss that. Don’t pretend that wasn’t tough as shit for him to do.”
Steve pauses, takes that in, and then nods.  “You know what you’re risking.  If you’re in, you need to be armed.  Then we’ll all make a run for it together.”
“I’d like to think having some faith in people isn’t always pure stupidity.”  Bruce contemplates his next words carefully before speaking.   “The first time I met Steve he shook my hand. Which probably doesn’t sound like much but-- that’s just not the reaction I expect. Or get. Ever.  People who know what I am run away if they have any sense of self-preservation. And I can’t really put into words how I feel about the people who don’t run.”
Clint moves out of the way so James can take over with the scanner unpacking then nabs a pancake off the plate where Bruce is loading them up.  He rolls it into a cigar shape and shoves it in his mouth.
“I don’t know,” Steve replies. “I guess that depends on how you feel about old people. Personally, I think they’re great.”
“I have some kinds of permission here, right?” Steve asks.  His voice sounds rough, either from the late hour or from trying to rein in his temper.  “Pepper explained them to me once.  I’m an admin or something.  A super user?”
They’re both so fucked.
“Did you sleep okay?” Steve asks, rousing Tony from his frankly embarrassing levels of adoration.
Mostly because that’s so completely opposite to the reaction he was expecting.
“Don’t need a hammer,” James says, stretching out his metal arm. “Won’t Stark be upset?”
“Hobbits eat second breakfast.  There’s no such thing as second lunch,” Steve points out.  “And it’s knock your socks off, not your panties.”
After that they talk about more trivial things.  The latest news from SI, some upgrades on JARVIS, an art pad Steve had seen on the internet.
Their intrusion is exactly why Pepper has always insisted it’s not a great idea to hold press conferences in lobbies.  Obie had always been something of a stickler for the aesthetic and Tony couldn’t be happier Stane still holds to his asshole ways.
“I wasn’t paying attention,” Steve relents. “Did you tell Bruce about your parents yet? He'd--”
Steve looks skeptical as he opens a dresser and begins to pull out an assortment of clothes.  “You might be the first person to ever think so.”
“After,” Steve clarifies. “Tony Stark was there and we hung after.”
“I do, yeah,” Clint agrees.  “Nothing fancy.  Just a farmhouse off the grid, with a bunch of land between it and the nearest neighbors-- it’s somewhere safe. Always was somewhere safe. Maybe that would be enough.”
“Peachy keen, jelly bean,” Tony says.  “Bruce and I are on bomb duty and I thought we might be able to use your old computer for parts.  I didn’t want to do it without asking.”
The knowledge that Rhodey’s on his way is the only thing that keeps Tony out of trouble.
“Subtle,” Bruce remarks. He glances at James who looks... concerned. “I know it looks odd but I’m sure it’s safe. And no one knows we’re here.”
“Are you asking me inside to Netflix and chill?” Steve asks.
“It’s rude, I know,” Tony says loudly.  The crowd quiets to hear him, though he still needs to shout over the stomp of a dozen armed guards running their way.  “Coming in without an invitation.  But well-- I think all pretense of manners gets dropped when someone puts a hit out on you.  Didn’t work, by the way.  Still alive and kicking.”  Tony holds up his hands and gives a jaunty turn, as if to show that so far, no bullets have met their mark.
So plus +100 Nanna Points then.  Excellent.
“Let’s start with your knee, if that’s okay?” Bruce asks from across the barn. He glances over his shoulder and James nods.
It’s a tense minute. Still, Tony works fast and James holds still, and as soon as the scan is complete Tony steps back several feet and swings the scanner away with him.
Tony looks surprised.  Then suspicious.  Then something in between that Steve can’t quite comprehend.  Not happy.  That much he knows from the new false smile Tony gives him a second later.  It’s so frustratingly fake Steve wants to shake him.
Steve doesn’t expect Tony to notice when he stands to leave the workshop.  Tony’s attention has been laser-focused since JARVIS had let them know that Bruce would have to cut the control wires to James’s arm.  He is working like a man possessed.
“Is Bu-- Is everything okay?”
Tony ducks his head looking shy, and that’s new, Steve thinks. Or maybe Tony’s always been shy about open admiration but he’s never had anyone look at him the way Steve’s looking at him now.
Steve doesn’t move.
“Sorry, man,” Clint apologizes, “That’s not the most polite hello I’ve ever made happen. You surprised me. I’d been listening for you to get out of the bath or head this way and then I look away for a second and you’re there. I’m impressed.”
“You don’t mean that!” Clint fake whines.  “You’re not even my real dad.”
“Jenny texted me updates through the first two periods, but I got back to my place in time to see the third. You were on fire out there.”
It was requested, so here it is!  The Official SAD Points List.
“That explains it,” Bruce says, glancing toward Natasha, who smirks. “Thank you, Nat. For helping Clint, and for the pick up.”
He looks pissed.  His expression is a thundercloud of disapproval.
“Interested?” Bruce asks. “It’s fine with me either way. I won’t be offended if it isn’t your style.”
Steve, Natasha and Sam all tense.
<3  Sorry the pandemic stole my muse.  I think I'm getting it back though, so subscribe if you want to see the notification for the next chapter!  I really don't think it will take nearly as long this time around!
“I think maybe I shouldn’t,” Steve says. Bruce can hear what kind of a sacrifice that is. Can hear the weight of Steve’s unhappy resolve. “I want to give James his best shot at calming down quickly. That doesn’t involve me.”
“Like you’d ever let me get away with that,” Tony says.
“Would you mind if I ask you a question?” Bruce asks. “And even if you agree to let me ask it, if you don’t want to answer it, that’s all you need to say. I won’t be upset or disappointed or angry.”
If you've got insight on how you think this should be tagged or think I've cocked it up, please message me
“Lido’s,” the group (minus Bruce) answers in near unison.
“So this isn’t about his panic attacks?” Pepper asks.
Tony laughs and lifts the edge of his shirt.  “Nanna’s been handing out gifts.”
“It’d be better to have Tony meet us away from the tower to work on James’s arm,” Bruce says. “Somewhere more neutral, that James isn’t going to feel is a trap.”
“Fine.  Patriotism?” Steve ventures.  “That sounds like me.”
Bruce looks up at James and waits for a nod before he begins rolling the jeans up over themselves. The smell is unpleasant. There’s no way around that. Thankfully his travels have made Bruce immune to most human-related smells. Hospital cleaner still unravels him, but that’s not a problem here.
“I’m surprised you’re awake,” Steve says.
“Someone put a hit out on Tony and he’s worried they’ll come after you,” Kate explains.  She props herself up on an elbow.  “Bucky and Clint want you to go somewhere else.  Somewhere people won’t think to look for you.”
Steve feels himself grow warm all over. Tony’s the one who initiates the hug this time.
Clint doesn’t act like that’s a strange request at all and puts the paper next to Tony who picks it up greedily and scans it over more closely.
Steve’s never pictured this conversation going particularly well so he’s unfazed by Tony’s less than enthusiastic reception.
“Which you said I could take,” Jonathan says.
“You saved lives,” Tony says.  “No shame there.”
“I give myself points when I get something right with you.  Just in my mind.  I don’t tell anyone.”
“It’s not a malfunction,” James says slowly and insistently, as if Clint and Bruce need convincing. When he opens his eyes his focus is fixed beyond the room like he’s staring right through Bruce and Clint at unseen captors and vicious men. “I have the mission report.”
Pepper’s eyes goes hard.  “You watch Good Morning New York?”
“Nanna, we need a place to hide,” Bucky says.  “There’s some bad people after our friend.”
“You’re an assassin,” James says.
“You sure there’s not something good hidden up high somewhere?” Steve asks, with the hint of a smirk on his face.  “You might have missed it.”
Clint looks insulted. “We got tacos for you, too. You want to do this hungry?”
It’s probably good they’re getting this out to the public now because there is no way the paparazzi are going to miss the way Tony looks at Steve. And Steve knows his eyes are equally lovey. They’re too into each other to hide.
“All I need is time to explain,” Bruce says. “It’s got to be up to him what kind of help he’s willing to receive.”
“I’ll see about getting something to scan you, where we’re going,” Bruce says. “There isn’t much I’m going to be able to do now. I can splint it to keep it straight. I’m just not sure how much that would help.” Bruce scratches behind his ear, wishing he could do more. “I’m going to touch you again to roll your jeans back down.”
“Maybe not,” Tony said.  “I’ve been working on something else in my spare time.  Something small.  Shaped like a coin.  Can be attached to anything with a connection and it will download the information off it and transmit it to me using the nearest signal source.”
“Might be shorthand notes to himself,” Sam says.  “We’ve already asked JARVIS to see if he can make heads or tails of it.”
“Call him,” James says. “I want to hear but I might not wanna talk.”
“Wait, what? Where are you?” Steve asks. There’s a shuffling in the background and Bruce can picture Steve grabbing his go bag and pulling on his shoes.
“They’d have loved you,” Tony says.  “Aunt Peggy always said so.”
I need more scans.  These are a day old and in super soldier time that makes them practically prehistoric.
“There was never any threat,” Steve says. “You know that, right?”
“It’s not fine,” Tony disagrees. “Just because she’s ancient doesn’t mean she gets to be rude.”
“Really?”
For a moment there’s quiet. Then there’s not.
“I also own a car.  A car I drove to get here.”
Go to the event. Get through the night without incident. Move on.
Once they’re on board the plane, Steve lays Tony on the cushy cabin sofa and tucks a blanket around him.  He finds a trash can and places it on the floor in front of Tony in case he wakes up and gets sick, and then Steve just ends up sitting down next to it on the carpet, because he’s not sure what else to do with himself.
“Yes?” Steve asks.
Maybe it isn’t significant, but there’s something about the way James stares down at his hands after their quick conversation that feels promising. Like maybe for the first time in a long time he’s realizing that both hands belong to him.
“Maybe they’re hiding more than just a hit on Tony,” Clint says.
“Don’t do this to yourself,” Rhodey says. “What good is it going to do watching your team play without you?”
At least he doesn’t have to wait there long.  It’s a huge relief when Clint steps out of the elevator, a crush of people behind him, one of whom is Bruce.
Captain, or my keeper, or my anything. Stay out of my business, Rogers.”
“I didn’t know,” Steve’s voice pipes in. “I thought-- I was
“I’ve got to believe that he can.”
“James, if you aren’t gonna use the bed yet, you mind if I take a turn?” Clint asks.
He reaches into his bag and pulls out a large knife Clint had handed him as they’d exited the jet. He leans closer to James and carefully places it in his still-functional right hand.
“What?” Bruce asks. “No. No, I didn’t know Clint was anywhere around here. Do you mind if I call him?”
And here’s a soldier, a frankly
“I don’t think you want to hear it,” Tony yells back.
“There are eight towers,” Bucky says.  “It could work.”
“Cause your idiots,” James grumbles, then he closes his eyes and keeps them closed.
“You got any coffee?” Steve asks.
“I’m staying in the house,” Steve tells James. “I won’t leave till you want me gone. Have JARVIS tell me if you want to talk, and I’ll be right in.”
“If it’s Tony?” Bruce asks.
“The van used to belong to SHIELD,” Steve explains.  “It was Nanna’s retirement gift.”
“Every day I learn something new,” Bruce says. The admiration in his voice isn’t a bit false. Sometimes Clint really is a wonder. “I cut my own hair. Always have.”
His voice is solemn, and his eyes are sad, and it’s so unfair.  Tearing the bunk bed into pieces, and then cobbling those pieces together into a king size bed had been the happiest Tony had seen Steve in months.  They’d laughed so hard Tony’s side still hurt, and now Steve looks like the wolves of time have eaten his every last dream.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce sighs. “None of my frustration is with you. You’re just a convenient target.”
Bruce can tell James is overwhelmed, and he gets it. The guy’s world keeps getting turned upside down. It’s going to take time for him to figure out which way is up.
“Follow me,” she says.
“Hey James, buddy?” Clint asks. “Maybe don’t kill me with those? I’m not gonna hurt you, I’m gonna keep my hands where you can see them and sit down real slow.”
Steve laughs.  “Well, you can tell Rhodey, but sadly, it’s not true.  Just wanted to see your face when I said it.”
Tony looks doubtful.
“It’s more than okay,” Steve says. “It’s exactly what I want.”
As they’re finishing the waitress passes by again.  “Thank Natasha for that tip,” she tells Steve.
“Where’d you learn to do that?” Tony asks.  He still looks calm as he goes back to drinking his coffee.
“Like a taxi?” Steve asks.
Pepper considers it.  “I suppose so, yes, if getting me out of here is really that urgent.  I can look at these contracts wherever.”
“Not hard,” Tony pouts.
“Keep letting Bruce and Clint handle things and pray to whatever god is listening that they can pull off a miracle.”
“I’ll do better next time,” Tony promises her, smiling.
Meet me at my lab after work?  J will let you up.
“He’s an idiot,” the soldier says. For a moment he sounds as young and frustrated as he looks. “I could have killed him. He was going to let me kill him. I... I couldn’t let that happen.”
“I hate you,” Tony complains.
“If that’s what you think is best,” he agrees.
“I knew inviting Wilson to stay here was a mistake,” Tony says.  “He brought his sister, without even asking.”
“Okay, time to start decorating.  The game begins.... now.”
When they finish their food, James wastes no time standing up and walking out to the porch.  Clint shrugs and follows.  With nothing to do otherwise, Bruce follows them outside and moves off to the side so he won’t be in the way.
“Except from the Avengers,” Natasha says.  “There is no retiring from the Avengers.”
“I want to talk about Steve Rogers,” she says, pointing to the screen, where Steve’s obliviously at work.  “I looked into what it would take to protect the company legally if you were to date an employee.”
“I still want to be an Avenger but I want to retire from SHIELD,” Steve continues.  “I’ve been thinking about it for a while now.  Just-- didn’t know what to do with myself, I guess.  And I still don’t know what I’m going to do with myself, but I figure now’s as right a time as any to try.”
“And I’m not watching you stare at a computer screen for another 24 hours in a row like a goddamn zombie.  It’s not bringing him back.”
Tony recognizes his own good mood for what it is: a crush.
It’s only when they’re on the elevator that Tony realizes he’s been talking for ten minutes straight, and people hate that.  He knows people hate that.  He trails off mid-sentence and starts in on the usual fix-it.
Thanks to Tony’s habit of improving tech every time he can’t sleep at night, it’s easy to get the stretcher unlatched from the medbed and then to hover it down the Quinjet ramp. They’d all agreed that James had the best chance of not freaking out if he woke up outside, so they parked him in the shade of a tree not far from the back porch.
“You think I’m malfunctioning,” James says. “Why?”
“So we decided to prove them wrong,” Bucky says defensively.  “We know what we’re doing.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Tony grumbles.  “Gerber’s a sadist.  He’s got to be working for AIM, or Doom, or the President of the We Hate Tony Stark Fan Club or something.  I’m sure he’s evil.”
When Clint wants to turn on his mid-western charm, he can definitely make it work. His smile is so bright and sunny, Bruce laughs into his hand and coughs out the word “Suck up.”
“I have no doubt that you could outwalk me by a couple dozen miles,” Bruce says.  “But if you could do it without pain, that would be my preference.  I care about your comfort in the same way I would care about Clint’s comfort.”
Tony’s eyes go to the bed.  There are things that need done on this bed.  Urgent things.  They can be quiet about it.  That’ll be part of the fun.   If Tony never leaves the room no one can kill him and he can stay in here forever.  With Steve.  And the shirt.  And this twin-size bed that’s probably barely big enough for one person, much less two.  Tony gives zero fucks.
“I’m not much to look at without it,” Tony says.  He’s sort of scoffing as he says it but Steve knows how admitting that hurts him.
“No,” Tony confirms.  “You did what you thought you needed to do to save some kids and some other innocent people.  If I’d known you at the time I’d have moved heaven and hell to get you home.  To have you exonerated.”
“I do,” Steve says. “You could have taken the easy way out. Kept drinking. Kept pushing us away. None of us could have stopped you, and you were really on a roll there for awhile. But you chose, all on your own, to walk away from that. To try and fix things even though you had to know how much that was going to suck. How can I be anything but proud?”
“I’m glad to hear it,” Steve says.
“I like it here,” Clint responds automatically. “It’s good to be out of the cold.”
“If you two are banging out here, cough twice!” Clint calls as the door to the patio swings open.
The Colonel scribbles down the name of a restaurant on the edge of a napkin and hands it to Steve.  When Steve arrives at 7 sharp, Rhodes isn’t alone.  Pepper is sitting with him.
Still, it isn’t much of a threat. It sounds a lot more like a warning and the sort you get from someone who is so lost and confused that they’d rather push you away than deal with the problems at hand.
Bruce can practically hear the loop of all that playing in James’s head.
“They’re out of their minds,” Tony says, glancing up at Bruce when he joins him.
“I know.  It’s messy.”  Steve bites his bottom lip, weighing how honest he can be with Mae.
See, the blanket wrapped around him isn’t just any blanket.  It’s the blanket Ana Jarvis had made for him when he was five years old, to keep Tony from sneaking into her and Mr. Jarvis’s room to steal the quilt off their bed.  It was warm, and soft and it smelled like Ana’s perfume.
Tony considers it.  “I think the AI Jarvis is more a mix of me and Mr. Jarvis.  That’s why I gave him an accent, though.  It didn’t seem right for him to have the name and then sound American.  Jarvis would have hated that.”
“I think you’ve heard the rest,” Tony says.  “I can’t-- can’t really think of anything I’d consider big.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Steve says.
“I feel,” James sighs. “I feel...”
And when he looks at Tony he doesn’t see an abusive billionaire hellbent on destroying his friends.  He sees the man Pepper described.  Someone who doesn’t know how to handle being loved.  Someone who doesn’t feel they deserve the care and consideration of others.  And someone with enough influence and power to push people away on a grand scale.
“Hey, can I be an’avenger?  I’ve got a great superhero name,” Rhodey says.  “Mop Maaaaannn.”
“If we’re talking about things not to do,” Tony says, “Don’t wish that the past had gone differently when it comes to me.  I doubt we’d be dating if you’d changed my diapers.”
He steadies the camera in Dum-E’s claw carefully and then takes the seat next to Tony on the couch.
Steve shakes his head.  “You know, for a genius it’s taking you a bit to catch up.”
Tony groans. It was meant to be ‘hello.’
The next time he does, it's because the Avengers are called out for a quick mission.  God bless the idiot criminals and their goo.  The mission ends with a win, and then things go down hill from there.
“You knew my great-grandma. Mercy Rhodes? She toured with you.”
James looks a little skeptical but nods. “Thanks.”
“What’s your position?” Tony asks.
,” Tony agrees.
But they don’t call, and he doesn’t hear from them, and between the loneliness (Bruce had run) and the boredom (Bruce won’t be back anytime soon) and the overwhelming curiosity (it kills cats but Tony’s not a cat) Tony ends up poking where he shouldn’t.
Hawkeye OUT.
“You’re going to get help here so that doesn’t happen,” Steve says. “I think maybe I should start seeing that therapist at SHIELD again, too. There are all kinds of reasons we could walk away from this, but please don’t let fear of hurting me be one of them. You’re worth the risk.”
It’s breakfast. Tony’s not terribly interested in eating but Howard’s slid a bowl of oatmeal in front of him and Tony is chewing it methodically.
“I had my back to you in the barn,” James says.
“What do we say?” Sam asks.
“I’ve thought about it,” Tony agrees, once he’s tucked his knees comfortably to the side.  “But it’s not like that would bring mom and dad back.  I have my doubts it would make me feel any better.  And as much as I can’t believe I’m saying this-- it isn’t all about me.”
“Wait till we get to New York,” Clint says. “Cause now I’ve got something to put money on with Stark. Who’s the better braider, you or Nat?”
“Old or new, sir?” Jarvis inquires.
Steve’s a little worried when Tony doesn’t text any more that night. But maybe he was tired and he’d gone to bed. They’d definitely kept each other busy. When there’s no text the next morning, Steve breaks down and texts first.
After that, Steve beats the hell out of a few punching bags until he finally hits one so hard it bends the steel girder above his head and he knows he needs to stop.  He sits on the gym floor, dejected, missing Bucky and Peggy and Howard.  Hating this stupid place and every stupid thing about it.
“Yeah, you did,” Clint agrees. “Twice.”
“Roomie?”
“Steve?”
She gestures toward another display.  Tony tilts his head.
He opens his arms and Jenny doesn’t hesitate to step in for a hug.
Now it’s Steve’s turn to be surprised. Sure, Bucky has more fans than just about anyone. He’s good-looking and hilarious and he’s the best goalie in the league. (Steve’s a goalie, too, but he won’t begrudge Bucky his talent, even for a second.) It’s more that Tony’s admitting he needs help with this. And that he wants to go out of his way to get something special for his sort-of-niece, even if it means asking Steve for a favor.
Tony opens the car door.  “You’re out of your goddamned mind.”
of you, taking back control. Either way, you get to choose what these malfunctions mean to you, and Clint and I will help you go from there.”
Seriously?
“Platonic!” Kate and Bruce say in a snickering, drunken unison.
“I can be an asshole,” Tony continues, “but I’m not the kind of asshole who’ll give you a bad arm for offing my folks. As far as I’m concerned, we’re cool. Now if Bruce will stop interrupting me, I’ve got work to do.”
Her eyes go straight to Clint and she looks oh so innocent, so basically, if there’s something going on there, she is already in the know. And if there’s anything she doesn’t know, the way Clint’s face lights up tells her everything.
“Got nothing better to do with my day,” Steve says.
Which-- well, it’s true. They really were damned either way. Bruce can’t deny that.
Steve makes a V with his fingers and then points from his own eyes to Bucky then Clint, in the universal sign for
“Please, for the love of all that is holy, stop trying to push me away and just tell me what you want,” Steve says. “I know what I want. I know what I think you want. But I need words. Real words. Actual communication.”
Tony can’t help but smile.  “I feel like I’ve taken a significant lead.”
“You are going to fit
“Now if I told you that, I'd have to kill you," Clint deadpans.
And Tony doesn’t even mind the (totally inaccurate) description of his food-search, since Steve seems less miserable than he’s seemed in forever.
Steve leaves to go fetch a glass of water from the kitchen.  When he returns, Tony’s awake.  He hasn’t moved and he’s taking in the room looking confused, moving his head as little as possible.
Steve and James finally meet face to face. Their support systems make that okay.
“I doubt it,” Steve says.
The Quinjet drops down close-by, and the bay doors slide open. Natasha appears at the top and she’s got some sort of high-tech stretcher under one arm.
“Mi casa es su casa,” Tony says, gesturing inside the penthouse.
Tony buries his face in the pillow.  “I’m a shitty person.  I don’t know why that’s ever a surprise.”
“Been training too hard?” Steve asks.
“Yeah, well, me and Bucky Barnes have a few things in common, then,” James says. “Thinkin’ you’ve got no sense is one of them.”
Bruce laughs awkwardly and lifts a hand to ruffle some of his unruly curls, a nervous habit Steve always finds endearing.  It had taken them a while to trust each other, but once they had, they’d ended up good friends.  It was the Mango Milkshake that did it.  Clint and Natasha had dragged Bruce and Steve out once they found out what Steve had done for them and the look on Bruce’s face when he saw his milkshake for the first time... Steve would never forget it.
“Go ahead.  Make yourself at home,” Steve chuckles.
It’s a few hours later when JARVIS does just that.
The first Saturday after Tony tells Steve he wants to come home, they sit together on a loveseat in one of the rehab mansion’s many parlors, facing their new therapist, Dr. Gerber.
“No idea,” Bruce says, keeping the scanner brick where it is so he can continue to observe. So he can track the injuries, and solve the impossible puzzle, and
Not sure Encino Man is ready for my company.
“I haven’t had this much fun playing in years,” Tony says.
Bruce seems to have found a friend in Kate, who is scribbling out some complicated geometry onto a cocktail napkin.  Bruce has a pen of his own and he checks over her work, making a few quick corrections.  From the snippets of their conversation that Tony can hear, Kate’s taking some graduate courses in math.  It’s no wonder then, that Banner is smiling.  Bruce is always happiest when he’s teaching.  Even in a bar.
“Sounds like you’ve got it all worked out,” Tony says doubtfully.
Something small takes a tumble in that direction, like deodorant or toothpaste hitting the bathroom floor.
Or he’s Hydra and there’s backup out there, though that seems like the least likely of the three considering the calm Bruce maintains.
"It's big of you to try," Steve says.
kind of refreshing.
The blanket and sheet had pooled somewhere around Steve’s waist overnight.  Tony’s pretty sure it should be criminal to look this good while sleeping.  He can’t resist reaching over to push a stray hair away from Steve’s forehead and the movement is enough to wake him.
Happily ever after!
Bucky and Clint hang up and Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
“We’re gonna survive,” Bucky says confidently.
“Don’t answer that,” Natasha says. “Take the battery out. Shut it down.”
Bruce rolls his eyes.  Clint knows damn well that Tony isn't his boyfriend and their friendship has no romantic basis. "Science boyfriends" just seems to be a thing Clint and Natasha like to toss around when Bruce and Tony have been cooped up in a lab together for a couple days and both walk out with rumpled clothes and mussed up hair.
“I don’t want to make promises I can’t keep, but if you’re tolerating StarkBars, I don’t think it will take long to build up to other things. It’s probably not a permanent malfunction.  We can work on it together, if you’re interested. ”
The yard is fenced in so the shed’s a cinch to find.  Steve’s sitting at a laptop, with a huge printing press whirring quietly beside him.  There’s a 3D printer, too, a plastics printer and what Tony’s pretty damn sure is a goddamn (highly illegal) money press.
They end up in the rec room to eat. And once the conversation gets started, it’s like texting but better. Better because Tony’s sure now how Steve feels. He can flirt openly without concern that he’ll put Steve off, or reveal something more than Steve wants to know. And he trusts Steve. Of everything, that’s what Steve can give him that no one else has, for a long, long time.
For an entire month after their fight, Tony rarely speaks to Steve outside of missions.  When he does, it’s clipped and concise.  Tony stops using nicknames, stops snarking.  He’s carefully polite, which might be the most disturbing change of all.  Every single attempt on Steve’s part to reconcile with Tony is quickly rebuffed.  It turns out, Tony is really good at being mean while using the best manners possible.  He’d fit in great on Downton Abbey.
“He’s only a few blocks away.  Requesting now,” JARVIS says.
She doesn’t stop screaming for a full minute.
Rhodey gives a sort of waffling gesture.  “They weren’t knocking him around, if that’s what you’re asking.  They weren’t a big help though, either.  They mostly ignored him, unless he was acting out.  Howard had other priorities.”
“I’ve got a head injury,” Tony says, carefully sitting up and then leaning back against the platform.  “Humor me.”
“No to the Wal-Mart and no to the tractor,” Nat says.  “Yes to a Piggly-Wiggly and an old Chevy pick-up.”
Real life's been hard, but I've never started a fic I haven't finished! This one will get there, too, I promise!
“I need a knife,” Bruce says.
“Not your business, SpongeBob Noseypants,” Tony replies, without looking up from his phone. It’s a firm shut-down.
“Bucky Barnes is dead,” James says. “You really glad I’m here in his place?”
“Tony-- I think I’m good on what I need but keep the line open in case I run into any trouble with this IV? I can see you’ve made some adjustments since the last time I hooked anyone up.”
It’s probably a sign that something is seriously wrong with Steve that his fantasy life has never been so vivid.  In his daydreams (night dreams, shower dreams, gym dreams) he kisses bruised wrists.  He holds Tony close and tells him he’s beautiful and smart and worth so much more than he knows.   He traces shrapnel scars lightly.  Carefully.  With his tongue.  And he never minds where they lead.
“If it’s all the same to you, I think I’d rather give it all to Tony, Ms. Potts.  Anything that was Howard’s should be his.”
“S’all yours,” James says. “Kinda literally.”
“We can make it work,” Sam agrees.
“No,” Natasha says.  “It’s not.”
Tony steps in closer and rests a hand on Steve’s ass.
It takes Bruce a while to get to sleep. He’s so worried James will have nightmares, he can’t stop trying to listen for them. Eventually Bruce drifts off and when he wakes up it’s dawn. As far as he knows, James slept noiselessly. Unless he didn’t sleep at all. Or he’s gone. Or he’s dead. Or gone and he murdered Clint in the process. Or they killed each other and their bodies are out glistening with dew in the morning sun.
.  Nanna beams.  Tony awards himself +10 Nanna Points.
When a doctor finally comes to get them, they’re in better spirits.  Steve’s sure they must make quite the spectacle walking through the halls, with Tony and Steve still in uniform and Bruce in... a blouse?  Cargo pants better sized for Hulk.  Flip flops.
Because that never ends badly.
If you follow me I always refollow and I may post more random backstories from this universe there, since I also have some Bucky/Clint stuff I've never used!
“You have no idea what kind of things I want,” Tony says.
Banned. From Disney at least.
Rhodey’s concern is all it takes to break Tony. At least he’s alone in his hotel room where a breakdown isn’t going to cause him any trouble. Isn’t going to fuck things up. And Rhodey’s the only one who hears Tony cry.
Bruce recognizes Sam’s technique. He’s keeping Bruce engaged. He’s looking him in the eye and asking questions to keep him present and in the moment. Bruce would tell him it isn’t necessary except a little bit maybe it is. If nothing else it’s easing the awful absolute that losing James is inevitable. Sam doesn’t look like a man with no hope.
“Son,” Steve says, in a voice barely more than a growl.  “You’re about three seconds from the ass-kicking of a lifetime.  Drop the keys and go.”
“Bananas,” Bruce agrees as he takes a seat.  “But they do know their Mexican street food.  Want a bite?”
Tony’s biting back a smile despite his complaints.  He’s trying to hide how happy this makes him, but he can’t.
“Someone needs to warn Pepper,” Tony says. “People try to get at me through her.”
The blue square turns green and a panel slides away allowing Bruce to reach inside. The first box contains a variety of tech manuals, schematics, and other papers Tony wants Bruce to read.  The second box contains three brown-paper wrapped boxes labeled BannerBars.  The third is full of bubble wrap and packaging peanuts and must be the scanner.
“It’s not,” Pepper says.  “It was nothing personal.  Tony made that very clear.  He used those exact words, in fact.”
It’s never going to cease to amaze Steve what dropping his own name can do.  Bucky’d get a real kick out of it, for sure.  It takes Steve less than an hour to get the right piece of paper in hand that will allow for Tony’s release.  It helps that Tony’s only gotten himself locked up for public intoxication and not say... accidently blowing up the Golden Gate bridge.  Which at this point seems equally likely.
The kids get off on the fourth floor, with smiles and waves.  When the door closes, all Tony’s cheer vanishes with them.  Tony leans back against the wall of the elevator and closes his eyes. He looks bone-tired.  World weary.
“Stop,” Tony half laughs, half whines. “When you’re back-- then you can corner me into a heart to heart. Just-- stay where you are for now. Tell me what to send for Barnes.  I’ll make it happen.”
Steve can barely string three words together in their debrief because they’ve all changed into civilian clothes by then and he can see Tony’s got faint rope burns around his neck, and some bruises there, too.  The meeting lasts all of five minutes before Steve calls it to a close, stands, and flees the room like the table's on fire.
“You don’t need to try and make me feel better,” Steve says.  “Sometimes you do the best you can and it’s still not enough. I might not like it but I’ve got to live with it.”
“There’s the inspiring Captain America speech I’ve been waiting for,” Tony teases gently.  He puts a hand on the small of Steve’s back to nudge him toward the lab door.  “Seriously, Steve.  Everything is gonna be fine. That was scary, sure.  And as Barton so helpfully pointed out, there’s a shit ton of complications that come along with it. Doesn’t matter.”
“What would you do if you were me?” Steve asks.  He sits down, mirroring Tony.
“Yeah,” James agrees.
“Damn straight.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not sure how much help I’d have been,” Bruce admits.  “I have good intentions but my implementation could use some work.”
“Your mother is smart,” Tony says. “You should always listen to her. You better tell her that I said that.”
“I washed them all last week,” Steve admits.  “I was having trouble sleeping.  Jarvis walked me through what you ask the professional cleaners to do.”
This time Pepper’s smile is less cautious.  “Good.”
It’s as easy as that.
“Fuck off.”
Tony’s looking down at his plate now, pushing his dessert around into a messy swirl of raspberry and chocolate.  He’s smiling, but by the tense set of his shoulders, Steve can tell Stark would rather be anywhere but there.
.  Tony's pretty sure Bruce isn't trying to build a Birdkilling Bomb, but Bruce's handwriting is so bad, that's the best Tony can make out.  He needs to poke at this.  He needs to find Bruce.
The team’s gone out for a drink on their night off. Tony’s team is out of town in Orlando. It was an afternoon game so by 8, Tony’s blowing up Steve’s phone.
He manages to infuse so much disapproval in the last word, Steve might as well have walked naked into a nunnery.  Steve laughs.
“It was Bruce’s idea,” Steve says, dragging one of the pillows over his own face and holding it there. “I didn’t like the way you looked at him.”
Steven looks absolutely star struck as Steve hands him the napkin with his number on it.
“Get your ass out of that chair and come with me,” Tony says before he walks out of the room.
The last words are muffled, and Tony’s not having that. Steve doesn’t fight when Tony straddles his waist and yanks the pillow away. Tony’s beaming down at him and Steve groans.
There was a time when a comment like that would have gotten Steve’s hackles up because it had taken him a long time to understand that the only way to take Tony was with several hundred grains of salt.  It wasn’t criticism.  It wasn’t mean.  It was an out.  A way to lighten the mood or move the conversation along, if Steve wants.  It seems like a good idea.  The ache in his chest is gone and the sting of loss is manageable.  For the first time in a month and a half, Steve doesn’t feel like he’s completely lost in a dark haze of grief.
Tony’s eyes narrow.  “They weren’t in storage until after he died.  He kept it all in his home office.  He never let you go.  Not even for a second.”
be an ass, he knows he can, but he’s a polite ass at least.  He manages himself fine in public, thank you.  His dead, sainted mother won’t be rolling in her grave over anything he talks about in the company of strangers.
Finally he speaks.  “Howard said all that?”
“Not Tony, either. Will you quit acting like I’m gonna kill your friends?” James demands.
Clint’s response is almost immediate.
“Well that’s a first.”
“Ugh, Rogers,” Tony whined.  “You’re ruining all my best efforts.”
Steve sees Tony a few times a month after that.  Never for any logical reason, never with any warning, and generally announced by the most obnoxiously loud rock music Tony can make happen.  Once he even hijacks the speakers of Steve’s SHIELD-issued phone during a major debriefing to make his entrance.
Tony stands up as the television switches to a view of space.
*crack*
Clint begins pulling the parts out for the scanner next and James watches him like Clint is unwrapping a bomb.  Maybe something worse than a bomb, since Bruce has gotten the distinct impression that James wouldn’t be all that disconcerted by an actual weapon.
Tony’s brain can not decide. His thoughts swing wildly between fear and faith at breakneck speed. He is a pendulum of doubt. A merry-go-round of misgivings. Because maybe this isn’t a monumental miscalculation of trust. Up until an hour ago he’d have trusted Steve with just about anything.
When Pepper’s coffee break is over she thanks Steve for his time.  She only looks mildly embarrassed when Tony appears across the lobby, proving her earlier story a lie.
“I’ve got a guess,” Steve says. “If it’s where I think they’re going to take us, you couldn’t be more safe.”
“That’s good of you, sweetheart,” Steve soothes.  “Really good.  See?  No reason to think I’m going to jump to the worst possible conclusion.  I know you wouldn’t cheat on me.  That’s not who you are anymore.”
Steve chuckles.  “Can’t do anything half ass, huh?”
All the distrust that’s been drilled into Tony since birth flares up anyway. How many times had Howard told him that no one but family could be trusted? That friends were for people who weren’t born Starks? How many people had Tony pushed away in his lifetime, because he had little capacity for trust?
Of course their not so subtle entrance to the HammerTech Business Campus has Hammer’s security scrambling but since the armored car is superior in every way to any weapon Hammer could ever make, Natasha has zero difficulty driving them right up to the giant, glass front door. Thankfully she does not smash through it.  She just angles the car so they are only a step or two away from the entrance, and already most of the crowd has turned to look. It would cause too much of a publicity nightmare to shoot them all on camera so they ought to be safe.
Mending fences.
“...fuck it,” Pepper repeats quietly, like the concept is foreign and she’s trying it on for size.  She flicks her finger across the screen twice then lets out a long slow breath.  “Right.  Yes.  Fuck it.  Let’s spa.  But first, can we hit up a shoe store?”
“You’re beautiful,” Steve says, running his fingers lightly over one of the lowest scars.  “And anyone who ever said different is full of shit.”  Just like Steve knew they’d be.
Bruce’s eyes widen and then he laughs. Laughs!
“What?  You want to hold my sippy-cup for me?”
“You’ve got quite the group of Superfriends,” Tony says.  “Not what I expected out of the delinquents on the 7th floor.”
He glances back down at the paper.
Bruce falls asleep in his bed about an hour later, still wondering.
“You’d really do that?” Steve asks.
“Shit,” Bruce apologizes quickly. “I’m sorry James. I know you aren’t Bucky and I didn’t mean to imply that you are.”
Tony shakes his head. “I’d never do that to you.”
“You dressed up for that?” she asks.
“That’s--” Steve starts.  Then he stops.  His eyes are a little shiny at the edges.  When he speaks, his voice is a lot more conciliatory.  “That’s really good of you.”
Which causes Clint and the young, brunette woman to his left to cackle.  Steve rolls his eyes.
Bruce doesn’t respond because his eyes are on Clint’s results. The break is bad, but it’s clean and even if Bruce was up for starting work on it now, they need to let the swelling go down before there’s any real progress to be made.
“It was a prototype,” Nanna says.  “My husband always said Howard was ahead of the pack.  And the things Howard said about you--”
He has no reason to believe Tony’s into him. Yes, they’d flirted. Yes, Tony brought up being bisexual. It didn’t
“We’ll talk again soon,” Bruce promises, and then he shuts off the call before things get any worse.
“The second suggestion,” Bruce says, “is to call Steve. Ask him what his pain feels like. Then maybe you’ll have a more knowledgeable perspective on what you can expect. It’s up to you though. I won’t call or text him without your permission.”
When they finally pull up to the rehab’s security gate, Steve’s prayer stops.  He gives Tony’s name to the guard as well as his own.  The man doesn’t bat an eye.  They’re allowed through and Steve pulls ahead to a small gravel parking lot next to a large, elaborate mansion.  It looks like something built in the gilded age, all nooks and angles and gables.  There are porch swings, too, and a garden.  If it were a bed and breakfast, it’d be somewhere Steve would like to stay for quite a while.
Steve stops mid-stride and turns to look at Tony.  “Tell me you’re kidding.”
The look James gives him is almost comical in his confusion. “I just got a life of my own. You think I’m done with it already?”
Bruce has never heard that story before and he smiles to himself. Mostly at the image of Clint trying to wrestle down a bald eagle.
“Thanks,” Bruce says. “I’m glad I got that out of my system. I think I’m going to need a minute before I start, though.”
“It’s 7:42 in the morning, sir.  The weather today will be sunny, with a chance of rain in the late afternoon.  The high is expected--”
“Of course,” JARVIS agrees from the ceiling speakers.
“Upskirt surveillance,” Clint says.
“Sure,” Steve says.  “How’ve you been?”
“You don’t hand the Science Bros a house full of chemicals and gunpowder unless you’re looking for a show,” Tony explains.
Tony’s phone dings.
“I’m not arguing,” Steve points out.  “I’ve done worse.”
“I thought the whole reason we have a secure chat is so we don’t spend all day texting in code,” Steve says as he reads it through a second time.
Tony nods.  “I know I’m not a super soldier or a Russian spy, but I have managed to keep myself mostly in one piece all these years. Give me
They’re quiet while Tony scrutinizes Steve’s expression.
James shrugs. “If I wasn’t slowing down for you two I could have been there already.”
“I’ve got numbing spray I can use on your skin if you think that might make this easier,” Bruce suggests.
He runs a hand up Tony’s back, so Tony will know he isn’t upset.
“Tony’s probably over-reacting but thank you,” Pepper says from behind her desk.  She doesn’t look like she intends to budge.
“Sure,” Tony says easily.  “I still have some sway.  You want one that bad?”
Fuck.
Steve takes in a slow breath. “You think he’s ready? What if it’s too soon and his old mission protocols kick in?”
“It’ll be a day or more before I think you should attempt eating,” Bruce says. “I was talking about IV nutrition. You need calories to heal and your body has already burned through anything you ate back in Europe. Sam and Natasha carried everything we’d need into the house, so I can get you all set up in there if you’re okay with that.”
“He’s out in the shed,” Bucky adds to Tony as he steps past, giving Tony a nudge toward the back door with a smirk.
“Jarvis, bring up the lights?” Steve asks.
good time,” Bruce agrees.
I might be over-warning for all this but better to be safe than sorry!
A roar rises from the bleachers.
“Clint said it, too!” Bucky protests.  “Why don’t you yell at him?”
He takes a drink and tries to surreptitiously get a better look at James. He doesn’t notice any immediate signs of distress or illness. His coloring is fine; his pulse seems unaffected by the climb. His ribs aren’t retracting when he breathes, which Bruce can see since he’s wearing an over-sized Stark Industries hooded jacket, that’s been left unzipped.
Clint scrambles out of the car, as Natasha fixes Tony with a look that dares him to try and then climbs out with steady grace.
Bruce opens the freezer and pulls down a bag of peas. “I’d like to put this on your knee to see if it helps. Doctors sometimes use ice to decrease blood flow to an area and reduce swelling.”
Tony takes better note of the pictures of Bucky.  He looks about the same from year to year all the way through.  Like he was born handsome, and charming and put together right.  Lucky bastard.
Natasha climbs onto the bed with the grace of a cat and steps over Steve before wedging herself into the corner where the wall meets the mattress.
James’s skepticism shows on his face. “That matters?” he asks. “My comfort?”
Tony looks surprised because he knows Bruce doesn't swing that way.  Or any way.  Bruce laughs.  “Platonic friendship,” Bruce says.  “You should look into it sometime.”
Steve doesn’t respond.  He just reaches into the box, hooks several mugs with his thumb and then flings them at the nearest wall.  Damn if that doesn’t make him feel just the slightest bit better.
“You and your paperwork,” Tony grumbles, though there’s absolutely no bite in it.  He’s fighting a smile as he stares down at the paper.  “What if this is all weird and one-sided and he was only interested that night because he was drunk?”
“It’d be a lot easier if you’d wear those ‘Stark Industries’ sweatpants I bought you.”
“In a way,” Steve says. “I was going to tell you. About my service. We just...”
Clint has never actually told Bruce to fuck off, which is why Bruce laughs.
“But Tony--”
“We need to celebrate with a hundred shot salute tonight at the bar!” Clint insists. “There’s what... 8 of us? Divided by... 100 drinks. So everyone gets... fucking morning math,” he whines. “Hurts my head.”
“Of course not,” Natasha drawls.
They drink the wine as they eat and chat.  Some of what they talk about is work.  Some is about the Avengers.  When they talk about Tony, Steve is relieved by how obvious it is that they care about their friend.  They will do (and have done) almost anything to protect Tony, often against his wishes.  Steve tells them a little about his own experience with that, leaving out the sex tape since it feels too private, but unloading all the rest.  By the end of their entrees Steve feels like he and Pepper and Rhodey have been friends for years.  They understand each other.
There are a few wires that JARVIS highlights, but to the naked eye-- to Bruce’s eye anyway-- the differences are minimal.
“We aren’t famous enough for anyone to care,” Natasha says.  “Give it a few years.  They’ll be digging all sorts of shitty exes out of the woodworks.”
Okay.  Soon though please?
“Nothing catches me off guard,” Natasha smirks. “I think you’re thinking of Clint Slow Reflexes Barton.”
“With a new twist,” Bruce says. “I’m not upset you didn’t tell me; that’s your business. I wish you had though because I’m worried.  And I feel guilty that I wasn’t there for you. Really, guilty. You know me. I overthink things and then when it’s really important to get something right I get it wrong. And who knows-- maybe I’m destined to always make life worse.  That’s-- that’s what I’m calling about, actually--”
James’s breath evens out in a forced way that Bruce guesses is from 70 years of learning how to shut down panic attacks before anyone notices. His body is rigid and tense and his eyes slide to Clint. There’s fury there along with the fear. Clint seems incredibly fragile sitting close to James the way he is. Breakable. Easy to kill. The Other Guy is not a fan.
"By definition, yes," JARVIS says.  "Agent Romanoff consulted with Sir before her departure, and he left his bed immediately.  He is currently in the kitchen staring at his coffee, in what is a convincing mimic of wakefulness.  I am unconvinced."
“Sorry, Barton. I’m giving it to your boyfriend on that one. Geometry is the
It absolutely gets them the attention they’re looking for.  They can’t see the building through the smoke, but all their phones display a drone-cam feed that JARVIS is controlling from far beyond their manufactured chaos.  A dozen or so HammerTech employees run out of the server building.  Some of them are clearly the IT crowd but the ones who aren’t-- the ones wearing what look like tac jackets-- head for black escalades, four to an SUV.
Tony goes still and quiet, the way he does whenever Steve seems like he might be growing annoyed. Like Tony’s trying to make himself a less irritating target.
“I’m the bear in this story?” he asks. He doesn’t sound angry... maybe a little offended?
“Yeah.  I watched them,” Steve confirms.  “They were on the news channels for days.  And in the papers.  You were on the radio, too.  And the internet.  It was hard to miss.  You were very thorough.”
“I’m good,” Tony agrees.  “Let’s go eat until we puke.”
“Who said anything about the Hulk?” Clint asks. “Cooking with Bruce. You already do a running commentary the whole time you’re in the kitchen. Live out your Rachael Ray dreams. You know you want to.”
The door is still open.  There’d been no reason to close it, though now Tony thinks that maybe they should.  He makes a move to do so, but Steve gets to him first and drags him into a rough kiss.  They keep it up until Tony’s a little dizzy from lack of air and pulls away.  He’s not done though, and only takes a few deep breaths before he grabs at Steve and yanks him back in for more.
Dr. Wilkes is in his late thirties or early forties and every word he says for a full two hours goes straight over Steve’s head. He might as well be speaking Martian. Bruce’s face is full of wonder. Tony’s sitting on the edge of his seat, tapping rapid notes into his StarkPad without ever looking down at it, because he can’t take his eyes off the man at the podium. Steve’s not sure Tony’s ever looked at him like that.
“Are you kidding?” Tony asks, in absolute wonder.  “This is amazing.  This is...”
Steve’s confusion is written all over his face.
“Do it,” James says. His eyes are closed now and his body more tense. The words seem like an effort.
More beeps, low and mournful.
“Like burning
“James,” Bruce repeats. “Sounds good. Not stupid at all.”
Then Steve meets Justin Hammer.
“Welcome home, Steve.”
“I don’t get how you’re not puking from the pain,” Bruce says.  Clint’s wrist is deep purple and swollen and Bruce can no longer make out the shape of the bone he thought he noticed earlier because everything is way too swollen for that now.  “Sam, could you bring up the holo-baton?  I’m not going to see much of anything without it.”
“I’ve dated assholes,” Tony says.  “That made us equals.”
The men all laugh it off, but the next morning Natasha, Bucky and Clint are the only ones not wearing socks at breakfast.
“Seen it first hand, yeah,” James agrees.
Steve smiles, and bites his bottom lip looking flushed and disastrous. “Missed you too.”
“Fixing’s just another word for cleaning up other people’s messes.  You know that right?”
Natasha had been helping Steve prop Tony up, but now she and Bucky are closer to the street hailing cabs.
“So I was your first?” Tony asks, stepping out of the elevator.  The tease is practically lost in Tony’s exhaustion. “That you’ve helped through a panic attack, I mean.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure after today I know exactly what I want.”
Which involved cutting Nanna Barnes's back story, though it's up on tumblr at
“Are we that late?” Clint asks.
“Keep me in the loop. Keep both eyes on Barnes. Dick pics are optional but always appreciated.”
No Clint, they don't vibrate.
“JARVIS, if Bruce needs me patch me through,” Tony says.  “I’ve got to text Steve.”
“That’s right,” Clint agrees.  “Can you imagine what an awesome weapon a walker will make when I’m Steve’s age?”
“I want you to be safe,” Steve says. “And I trust these guys more than anyone.”
Google is your friend. Use the Google. I am not explaining this story over text.
want. If you want him to leave you can tell him or you can look at me and nod once and I’ll let him know he needs to go. Does that work for you?”
Clint nods, apparently satisfied.
Tony chokes on his drink.  “I can’t believe I ever thought you were innocent.”
It seems to catch Tony off guard.  Steve’s pleased when Tony actually takes some time to think about his response.  Like he’s really giving it some thought.
“I don’t want to fight. You asked me what I’d say to him. That’s what I’d say. I’d tell him I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry.”
“I say a lot of things, Cap.  What’s the point?” Tony demands.
Steve pulls out his phone as soon as Steven walks away. He has no missed texts or calls. He texts Tony.
Now u take up betting?
Compared to what he’s spent the rest of the flight doing, patching up Clint is a piece of cake. Bruce wraps Clint’s arm carefully then use long strips of bandage to secure a splint into place. He helps him lift the arm to his chest and has him cradle it there before strapping on a sling.
“Does he ever shut up?” a woman interrupts.
Tony’s voice sounds tense. Steve isn’t having this conversation while Tony is under a car. He reaches for Tony’s ankle and slowly (carefully) wheels him out from under the vehicle.
“Very reassuring,” Tony huffs as Steve hands over his jacket.
Tony cocks his head. It’s a little weird Steve can rattle off an escape path like that off the top of his head.
“Could be worse,” Natasha says.  “Barnes is safe for now.  That’s more than we could say this morning.”
It takes Tony the better part of a conference call to rig up a fake employee phone extension and a voice converter, but it’s so worth it to use the inter-office intercom to page the 7th floor for a Mr. Jack Hoff.  The thrill is amplified when he gets his first text from Steve (whom he’s still not met) to confirm his first 10 points.
“Occasionally,” Clint says. “But no. I learned way before SHIELD. Hair and makeup is probably the most marketable circus skill on my resume, after The World’s Greatest Marksman.”
Tony’s hand has slipped onto Steve’s knee and Steve places his own hand there to cover Tony’s. He gives it a gentle squeeze.
“Jarvis, mute,” Bruce directs, with a fond smile.
“Fine,” Steve says, with a shrug.  “I’ll eat both our breakfasts.”
“Tony put some kind of off-the-grid internet on here for me, so you don’t need to worry about being tracked. Look up some haircuts and pick something you like. You know how to Google?”
“I remember killing them,” James says, right as Bruce finds a measure of chill.
“I doubt this is what you want to hear, but I guess it depends on who you start killing,” Bruce says honestly. “If it’s Hydra, I might be inclined to help. If it’s Steve--”
“I lied to you.  Obviously.  That first night when I said I got out of the army and didn’t have anywhere to go.  Or-- the part with the not having anywhere to go was true.  I didn’t want to impose on Nanna and I didn’t have the credit history for anything else.  But the army part, that was a lie.”
“You could have meant it,” Tony says. “And I still wouldn’t have been offended. I’m-- I know I have a reputation for being an asshole, but I’m not that kind of asshole. Honestly...”
For almost a full minute Tony thinks that it’s worked.  Steve doesn’t disagree with him and Tony knows when Steve calms down he’ll remember all the reasons defending Tony isn’t worth the effort.  He’ll recall the catalog of mistakes and he’ll rejoin the stone-throwers.
“Jarvis, mute that,” Bruce says. “Monitor James in silent mode. Only give me a heads up if there’s reason for concern.”
So if Tony opens his home to Bucky, or acts with the rest of the Avengers to keep Bucky safe-- that’s not without sacrifice.
The next morning Pepper and Rhodey show up bright and early.
“You are such a baby,” she calls back.  “But fine.  Get over here.  I guess now that you’re mostly clean we can share.”
Tony let out a bitter laugh.  “Oh we have hired plenty of criminals.  You just aren’t one of them.”
“I don’t want to get in the way,” Steve explains.
“Then by all means, come entertain me.  If you get bored watching me work, you can tell me everything there is to know about art pads.”
“Could mean anything,” James says.
Steve shakes his head.  “You’re wrong.  He had his chance to kill me.  He’s had
1 Down - 6 To Go
“Because for all I know, the two of you have decided to kidnap us and bury us in the woods.  I don’t like not knowing where I’m going.”
“I’d like Tony to come down,” Bruce says.  “I know just enough to know there’s something that still needs fixed.”
“That’s stupid.  It would have been suicide,” James says pointedly.
“JARVIS, is Tony still in the building?”
“It’s a tactical necessity,” James replies quietly.  “My handlers were stupid.  I’m not.”
“I’ll start making a list of the combinations I think will explode,” Bruce says, giving Tony a nod.  “When you get back, we’ll see if I’m right.”
“You need to get some sleep,” Bruce says. “And to eat if you can. There are still some StarkBars in my bag, and once you’ve got something in your stomach you can take more pain pills.”
“This one,” Tony says, choosing a red one that Steve thinks is Italian and expensive and fast.  “The keys are already in the ignition.  It’s yours to keep.”
“It would be pointless. My phone is never on anything but silent,” Tony says.  “So. Real follow up question: Any of those showgirls really get you to third base? Or whatever the equivalent was back in the olden days?”
“Fuck,” Bruce mumbles. “It’s-- this is older damage, healing wrong. It must have been on hold since the helicarriers. Waiting for him to get some rest. Waiting on calories and what his body needed to fix... the ribs maybe. Or this vein. It’s growing wrong-- splitting around the wires-- and this...”
“On what?” Tony asks.
“I’d like that,” Steve agrees.
“But the ones who do are totally bad ass,” Clint adds.
“So what’s all that?” Bruce asks.
Tony gets it. Steve doesn’t want to get up. Doesn’t want to leave his computer for even a second in case JARVIS gets a hit, or Nat and Sam check in.
Steve shrugs.  “Well neither is sitting on my ass.”
He’d been skeptical when she’d presented him with a quilt of his own, but she’d gotten down on her knees and looked him in the eyes and explained that when she was five her mother had made her the quilt that now lay on her bed.  That it was the only thing she had left from her family and that she really wanted to keep it safe in her room.
And Tony is a friend.  No matter what’s happened, that isn’t going to change.
“You didn’t get into the bath that time,” James interrupts, saying it loud enough that Clint will hear from the back of the house if he’s listening.
“And the long story?” Steve asks.
“Perfection,” Tony says.  He’s already eaten to the middle of his.
“I won’t,” Steve says.  He sits down on the other side of the bed and pulls out his phone.  “I’ll read.  You rest.”
“I feel like we’re jumping to extremes,” Bruce hedges. “Christ, I miss you.”
James is being clear with his wants so it’d be rude to second-guess. Bruce hangs the IV bag of nutrition on a nearby hook and attaches the pump before using an alcohol swab to wipe the skin along James’s collarbone. He’s done this a few times before, and that was with far less sophisticated equipment. That doesn’t mean Bruce isn’t nervous.  Thankfully the whole rig is set up in under two minutes, and then all that’s left is to wait for the liquid to enter James’s system and do its job. That doesn’t take long either, and by the time the pump beeps to let Bruce know the process is finished, Clint is asleep and James seems well and truly distracted by the Tom and Jerry cartoon playing on the wall.
By the time the new year comes, they’ve made the most watched video of 2015.
Tony loves (more than a little) that Steve so easily asks Jarvis this question, instead of directing it to him.  Steve understands that Jarvis is
The internet is finally good for something other than cat pictures and porn.
Natasha’s smile turns slightly mischievous.  “Yes,” she says.  “Love is for children; diamonds are forever.  He’s not sticking it wherever he wants though.  I’ve got standards.”
They’re all so set on it though. Friends as family. He isn’t going to deny them this.
“Sorry-- give me a minute.”  Bruce takes in several deep breaths and then breathes them back out on an 8 count.  “Shit.  Tony didn’t tell me.”
Tony’s smile changes, into something more thoughtful.  Of course he knows deflection when he sees it.  He’s a master of it, after all.
“Tony?” Steve asks, after a few minutes.  “Are we good to start Phase 2?”
“This isn’t a trap,” Tony dismisses.  The accusation doesn’t surprise him, but it does sting.
Steve knows that’s what Tony’s saying. And he also knows this is how ugly things start. How the next words he chooses are crucial. And how everything they’ve learned in therapy is about to be put to the test.
“Oh,” Tony says, sounding miserably sad.  “Right.  That makes sense.  He hates me...  that’s good.  Can you leave now?”
“Man, fuck him,” Sam rails. “I’ll go punch Howard Stark right in his face.”
“Can’t get drunk,” Steve reminds him.
Bruce and Bucky head for cover and Tony and Steve finally talk on the roof.
“Yeah.  And not because he thought we’d be shiny stars,” Clint says.  “Neither of us are good at written tests, and no one in HR bothered to hide that we’d had some of the worst entrance exams of the decade.”
“Which part’s confusing you exactly?” Steve asks.
“Bullshit. What’s going on?”
“No,” Steve insists.  “What did you think?”
“Okay-- I guess you did.  But that’s not on you, it’s on me.  I don’t know how to do this.  And everything I read makes it ten times worse.  The ways they hurt him...”
Tony nods.  “Let’s go.”
“Intuition,” Clint says. “Years of watching targets for weakness. I can’t pinpoint it, though. I thought maybe Bruce could.”
Steve spends the drive to the hotel wondering how many delivery boxes are going to be waiting for him in his room.  The answer is none.
Tony’s face lights up with mischief.  Steve thinks this smile is much better.
“Answer it,” Tony prompts him.
“I said, Stark’s around so we’re all heading out early to avoid whatever scene he’s gonna make.  You want to join us for a drink?”
“Would you scan the arm if it was yours?”
Steve shakes his head.  “I can’t accept this.”
“Have we tried inviting him?” Tony asks.
“It’s a hard habit to break,” Natasha says.  “I’m sure you get the gist of it.”
For a few seconds Tony stares at Steve like he’s grown a second head.  “Wait.
When they walk into the workshop there can be no doubts left about the validity of the Dum-E drawings.  There are hearts everywhere.  They’d been drawn on every scrap of paper Dum-E could get his claw on.  The floor is littered with them, strewn like flower petals on a honeymoon bed.
“I never thought this was going to happen,” Tony says, unable to keep the wonder out of his voice as he joins Steve on the couch.
“I’ll-- with-- back in a few,” Tony rambles.  “Make yourself... home.”
Bruce reaches for the water bottle and sips at it, trying to wash those memories away. The symbolism of the water doesn’t do much to calm his pulse, but a buzz from his phone helps. He pulls it out of his pocket and sees a selfie of Tony grinning brightly while giving the thumbs up sign.
“You’re the best,” he tells Mae. “Thanks for thinking of us.”
“I get it,” Tony agrees.  “But keep in mind, I’m not known for my spectacular decision making skills when I’m emotionally compromised and I don’t
It’s not even a question but Bruce understands what Steve is getting at.
Except Steve’s smile doesn’t fade as if things have been ruined.  If anything, he looks impressed.
Tony’s chipper.  He’s vaguely insulting.  It’s everything Steve had hoped.
Sam warms up to Tony pretty quickly, now that it’s obvious Tony really is on their side.  And since Tony hasn’t heard much about the events that led up to the Tri-Skelion mess, he gets filled in on the details over Lamb Jalfrezi and beer.  When Sam brings up his broken wings and sounds completely torn up about their loss, Tony stops with his fork in mid-air.
“Sam, Natasha and Kate are Linguists.  Sam in French, Nat in Russian and Kate in Mandarin.  They spend a lot of time watching video from your other labs, making sure nothing shady’s going down.  They pitch in with translation projects, sometimes.  And then Clint and Bucky are Location Threat Specialists.  They look at floorplans and pictures of places you’re going to be going, and assess where assassins would most likely hide if they wanted to kill you.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” Bruce says. There’s another pause.  “You’re really okay?”
Steve leans in and lets his face settle in the crook of Tony’s neck.  He takes a deep breath then kisses Tony a few times before he pulls away.
Tony knows better than to think Hammer values any of their lives.  He just knows when to roll over.  Honestly, it’s all the man knows.
“Doctor Banner sends his regrets but he’s unable to join you.  His project won’t allow him to leave the lab.”
The man is relentless.  Which is probably why Steve and Tony have come as far as they have.
“I’m good to walk, unless James’s knee is bothering him,” Bruce says. “Then we can figure out a way to discreetly borrow a car.”
his brain supplies.
“JARVIS, ask Steve to pick me up coffee and a bagel when he heads back toward the tower.”
“You live with Barnes?” Tony asks.
They’ve all been drinking while Rhodey tells his story, so by the time Steve asks a few follow up questions Pepper is swaying slightly in her seat.  By the time Rhodey answers them, Rhodey is too.
“Exactly. Could have, but didn’t,” Clint agrees. “I left myself wide open, you were out of your head, you had multiple weapons, and I am
Steve is such a giant fail at this. It’s not even the talking about the sex part, because he can talk about sex fine in other circumstances. It’s the part where it’s his thoughts and feelings and they all seem one way in his head and then the minute he’s around Tony it all turns to mush.
James is hesitant to handle the equipment at first, but about the time they move out to the porch to enjoy the cool air of the late morning, he starts to get into it. It’s his idea for Clint to go find some cow shit, and when Clint comes back with a bucket of the stuff ten minutes later, it’s the first real laugh Bruce has heard from James.
“It’s easier to think without the static. Feels like it’s bringing up a lot.”
“No, Tony. A hand job was the 40s version of a hand job.”
“Should I knock?” Bruce asks. “Just to make sure he isn’t...”
“Text that to me!” she begs. “And text it to mom! And to dad! You said you didn’t know him! Why-- how-- what? Wait. Just text it to me. Let me send it to everybody else, Taylor isn’t going to believe this. You are the
“Could be that,” Tony says. “In a hurry to lose?”
“It was amazing meeting you, too,” Steven says. “You are every bit as awesome as she promised.”
“Anyway, we went to McDonalds and we talked through breakfast and once I saw past all the weird layers of cocky bullshit I liked him,” Rhodey explains.  “He agreed to tutor me if I’d buy him breakfast once a week.  Then after all that bargaining, he still tried to pay because he was worried I didn’t have the money. We’ve been stuck with each other ever since.”
“You don’t really have to call me sir,” Steve says conversationally.  “Or Captain.”  He walks behind the bar since that’s where he assumes the bulk of the liquor sits.  “I'm pretty sure we moved to a first name basis when we started breaking into corporate servers together.”
They walk for about two hours when the patchy clouds above them begin to sprinkle down cold rain. It’s not miserable, but it makes Bruce reconsider his stance on the Steal A Car plan, even if it’s too late for that. James seems to be keeping up with Clint fine, despite the wet ground. Both men are a good bit ahead of Bruce when Bruce gets a text from Clint.
He grabs a marker from a drawer and a piece of paper Steve had laid out for sketching. Bucky prints HI JENNY! GO WILDCATS! on it then turns it toward Steve.
and she shrugs.
“How do you like the house?” Tony answers, sounding enthusiastic and entirely unburdened. So Steve hadn’t found him yet thank god.  Tony’s cheer is surreal in the moment.
“I think you missed your calling,” Bruce says, stepping into the kitchen to pour himself some of the coffee Clint had brewed. “When we’re home you should have Tony call Rachael Ray. See if he can get you on.”
It doesn’t matter.  It’s the most relaxed James has looked in days.
I can’t talk right now. Later.
“Do you know what I said about you?” he asks.  “Have you seen the interviews, I mean?”
James is still staring at the food in his hand with a spooky sort of intensity.
“Okayyyyy,” Steve says.
There’s a loud crunch as Steve takes a bite of his crispy taco. For some reason, that’s what makes Tony bark out a laugh in a slightly hysterical pitch. They’re in the back of a goddamn murder-mobile and Steve Rogers is half a foot away, low key munching on his lunch.
“For the people who love you, you’re always going to be enough,” Steve says.
“Everything’s set so he can leave?” Steve asks.
Tony lets his hand slide down to Steve’s rear and squeezes possessively. “Their loss.”
“Head for the states,” Clint says.
“It was JARVIS doing the flying.”
“But you liked him?” Tony asks.
“I thought we established that we aren’t giving one single fuck what people are thinking tonight?” Tony asks with the sort of grin that can only mean trouble. But the good kind of trouble, Steve thinks.
!  I always refollow so come and squee with me about all the Avenger shiny!
He’s not so careful in his private correspondence.  Tony sends Nick Fury a resignation letter so full of SHIELD secrets (and expletives) by the time it gets handed to Steve, it’s mostly one long, black, redaction bar.
Natasha taps on the table before it gets any further.  “It’s not a trap, Sam.  That’s not Stark.  And the suggestion’s moot anyway, because Steve is right.  It won’t work.  Barnes is running on survival instincts. He’s not going to stroll up to the tower and hope for the best.”
“We having a picnic?” Now it’s Steve’s turn to look skeptical.
The waitress beams at Steve and then walks off toward the other end of the bar.
“I can’t imagine what that must be like,” Tony says. “I never felt like I could be anything but the best. Howard drilled it into my head: If you’re not first, you’re last. Didn’t make me popular but it did make me good.”
James glances up to meet his eyes.  “
If you're seeing this on another date I still totally recommend giving her a follow!  She makes awesome art!!!
“I was made for the middle,” Clint says. “I’m a sexy sandwich with extra--”
It’s a week after that that Steve finds himself in Stark Tower, this time via a quinjet and a promise of any favor that strikes Clint’s fancy for being the short-notice pilot.  Tony’s text had been brief and alarming.
“Shit. I’m gonna be on the first flight.”
It’s not like Bruce could move to help anyway. He is frozen. Horrified. Lost.
“It’s still attached,” Clint dismisses. “Focus on James.”
“A weapon,” the soldier replies finally. “An asset.”
It turns out Hangover Soup is a real, working, magical thing, and Tony wants to buy a factory and start mass producing it. When he’s finished with his bowl, he feels a whole lot better.
Steve smiles. “What about tomorrow? There’s a chance I’ll be reinstated Monday and I don’t want you to miss out. I could come back. Drop it off.”
Since it’s lunch time, the place is crammed full of people. They can’t talk about anything important so they chat about the mundane as they eat.  It’s actually kind of nice.  Tony can’t remember the last time he sat and made comfortable small talk.  The sort where you just give your friend shit the whole time, and nothing you say matters.
“This doesn’t hurt,” Tony insists. “I’m happy. Really.”
“To embarrass you?” Steve asks.  “Or do you mean to make you do things in private you don’t want and then announce it to a table full of strangers.”
3 Eggs Down - 4 To Go
“Have you seen the papers?” Tony asks.
Bruce stands and walks out to the living room.  Steve’s already on his feet, which makes sense since Steve likely hears everything said in James’s bedroom. Since Bruce also suspects James can hear everything said out in the rest of the house, that makes things even.
“Not anymore,” Steve says.
“Nanna?” Tony asks.  “Sweet Nanna Barnes founded an underground special ops unit?”
“I think that’s a good idea,” Steve affirms.  “A really good idea.”
Tony puts an arm around Sean and tries to pull him back away from the table.  Sean rips out of Tony’s grasp, but doesn’t have the balls to come at Steve.  Instead he storms off and Tony follows after him.  Clint nods to a side door.
Bruce says it so sharply that Clint chokes on a laugh. “I see how it is, doc. Wait till I can’t shoot my bow and
Steve makes an alarmed gagging sound because that was a visual he didn’t need.  Ever.  And Tony never fails to be delighted when he gets that reaction, so he gives Steve a small smile.
“It is to me,” Steve says.
“S’good,” Clint says, before swallowing.  He washes the pancake down with a few drinks of coffee.
It’s a subdued ride up the elevator. Tony holds Steve’s hand the whole way to the bedroom and once they’re under the covers with the overhead lights out, Tony wraps himself around Steve like a squid. Steve smiles as he presses his face into Tony’s hair and breathes him in. Tony’s presence is warm and alive and the soft blue light from the arc reactor relaxes Steve.
“And if my best’s not good enough?” Bruce asks.
Wants his friend back.  Wants to be of use.  Wants to not feel so alone.
James glances up to look at Bruce. “You afraid I’m going to snap?”
“HR has been notified.  As you put it, sir, you are good.”
He leans his forehead against Tony’s and when he pulls back, Tony cracks up. The serious moment dissolves.
He’s covered in bruises.
“You got it.”
“I guess maybe we should introduce ourselves then,” Bruce says, for lack of better conversation.
Steve takes a deep breath. He will be his own person. He can do this.
“I just couldn’t get past the scars, you know?  They grossed me out.” She wrinkles her nose and the audience laughs with her.  “I get that he can’t help that he got kidnapped but like... plastic surgery is a thing for a reason.  And that blue light.  It’s
“I take it this is an FYI, not an invitation?”
From that moment on, it’s chaos.  They’re 30 seconds into the forest when a loud explosion rocks the ground under them.   It was the van.  There are shouts in the distance.  At first it sounds like someone might be chasing them but that sound quickly turns into shouts of surprise and screams of pain.  There’s another, echoing boom in the far distance. That one sounds a lot like it was the helicopter.
“For a billion dollars?  Hells yes,” Clint declares.  “He can stick it anywhere he wants.”
The stretcher magnetically snaps into place over the med-bed, and Natasha’s got them in the air a few seconds later.
“I’ve only been following you off and on,” Clint says. “I’d wait for you to get settled, make sure it was safe and no one was trailing you, then I’d go explore for a bit. Tasha brought me up to speed on what had gone down. It seemed like a good idea for you and me to stick together.”
“Would not have guessed of anyone on the team, we’d be pinning our hopes on them,” Steve says.  “Not that-- I mean-- Bruce and Clint are great.”
you don’t want to do.  That’s not how we work.”
Tony looks between his work and the treats.
Steve shrugs.  “A classic’s a classic.”
“A week later, he asked me to take him back," she says.  "He bought me closets full of clothes and shoes and when they were full he tried to buy me new closets.  It didn't matter that I didn't want them.  That I didn't ask for them.  He's not good at apologies, but he tried.  He was so sorry.  I've never seen him so sorry.”
The next minute and a half are a blur. Steve’s played in some intense games. They don’t even compare to this. And then Tony breaks away.
Tony is ready to grasp at anything that will make Bruce stop sounding so fucking sad and this one word gives him his ammo.
Nanna’s voice is soft and accented.  French, Tony thinks.  French mixed with Brooklyn. What a combination.  She gives Clint the first hug, once the door shuts behind them, and then she hugs Steve and Bucky.  Tony doesn’t miss how she holds them.  He struggles to meet her eyes when she finally turns to him.
“I don’t expect you to think kindly of him,” Steve calls from behind him.  “I don’t expect you’ll ever forgive him.  I don’t even expect that you’ll ever forgive
.  Deep.  And it never turns off.  I had to sleep with it right in my face.”
Somewhere upstate, buried six feet under, Howard Stark is rolling in his grave at his embarrassment of a son.
Bruce feels helpless now that it's time to talk this out on his own. Tony is always so helpful during brainstorming and explaining technical things to the team.  He intuitively knows when Bruce needs him to toss in a word or two to help fill in the verbal blanks. Still, James is looking at him with mild interest, so Bruce shoves down his own inadequacies and insecurities and continues.
“I figured you’d want to press charges,” Steve says plainly.  “And that’d be my next mess.”
“Wait--”
James looks at Bruce. “See?” James demands. “
, but James chokes out a laugh. Just one, but well-- apparently he got the joke.
"You might be wondering why we're making this video," Steve says, looking back toward the camera. "This isn't publicity, this is personal and I don't want to draw it out so here it is: I'm bisexual. Always have been. It wasn't something we talked about back when I joined, it was something that could risk my career and put my friends careers in jeopardy. I'm grateful this is no longer the case."
“Fine,” Steve huffs. “Recently, you have not been the most easy to like guy in the world. Happy?”
“I’ll do everything I can to make sure you don’t regret that,” Bruce promises him. “Mostly I’m relieved you aren’t pissed I didn’t let you die.”
Steve makes a disgruntled face. “You could sound a little less happy about it.”
“I hope,” Tony says, sounding a little agitated. “There’s a lot to sort out first. It will probably be a few weeks. And I know... I mean, I don’t know actually. What you want. About... the tower. Living. Arrangements.”
“You don’t strike me as a troublemaker,” Tony says.
And Bruce doesn’t fucking know. He just doesn’t.
Tony laughs in agreement.  “You read my mind egg-actly.”
“Or we could get back in the bed now,” Tony points out.  “I’m sure Bucky and Clint can handle my security on their own.  That door’s got a lock doesn’t it?”
It’s good though.  It gives them a chance to start couples therapy (Bruce’s suggestion) with a therapist from the city, who drives up on Saturdays to meet with Steve and Tony together.  For their relationship to be sustainable outside of rehab, it can’t hurt to have some extra support, and once Tony returns to the tower they’ll continue their couples therapy with the same therapist for as long as they need the help.
“How’d he react?  When he found out you weren’t perfect?”
“They understand that you have a messiah complex the size of Brooklyn and won’t give me up no matter what they say,” Tony says.  “It’d be a waste of air and logic.  And hey-- I’m not complaining.  It means you’re here.”
“Just thought you could use some normalcy.  TV.  Beer.  It’s what me and Rhodey do.  Guess that wasn’t a thing back when you hung out with friends.”
“I can’t,” Steve sighs.  “I need to get you out of here.”
“I work fast,” Tony says.
James gives his head a slight shake then sits down on the wooden porch to wait. Bruce isn’t sure if it’s because he doesn’t trust him, or if he just doesn’t want to go in the house alone. Regardless, Bruce pulls out his phone and pulls up Clint’s number. It only rings once and then Clint is on the line.
wrong, I mean?”
Bruce lets out a slight laugh, because Clint’s right: James is going to fit in great if he ever joins the club.
Steve smiles.  “Pepper is very nice.  I didn’t fly to California for her.”
guy and--
“Is this our ride?” Steve asks.
Bruce nods.  “I appreciate that you’re not asking,” Bruce says.  “But I don’t think James would mine me telling you he’s doing as well as can be expected, and I expect he’ll make as full of a recovery as is possible.”
"Bruce, I’m still here.  We were out on the street, but I’m inside now," Steve rambles, both relief and panic edging into his voice. "Is everything okay?"
“Despite the fact that some of you will never be able to see him as anything other than his mistakes, Tony Stark is a good man, invaluable as an Avenger and a national hero.  Thank you.  You’re dismissed.”
“Tell me about Steve Rogers,” he says.
Pretty sure I won with that last shot. And I thought you said we weren’t keeping score.
Steve trails off.  He feels sick when he thinks about the exact description the man had given. Apparently Tony’s claustrophobic when anything is put over his head and this man had done just that.  Used a bag once he had Tony tied up.  Ignored his pleas to stop, and felt perfectly justified in doing so since right at the start Tony’d given him permission to do what he wanted.  Whatever he wanted. No limits.
“Your mom sounds like a smart lady.  What is it you need?”
“We had Hangover Stew,” Steve says. It sounds like a taunt.
He gathers up their beer bottles, figuring he’ll recycle them downstairs.  That’s really all that needs done to clean up, but Steve finds himself still standing in the penthouse a few minutes later, watching the rise and fall of Tony’s chest.
“Want to get some air?” Steve asks.
Innocent people get hurt.  There’s nothing they can do to stop it.
“Hopefully these are an end to world hunger,” Bruce says. “But if that doesn’t work out, they’re something James can eat without feeling sick. You can try one, if you want.”
Mae nods.  “As long as you know what you’re doing.  He seems like a handful.”
“Making whoopie?  Knocking boots?  How am I supposed to know what you geriatrics called it back in the day?  He was obsessed with finding you for the rest of his life.  If you were playing hide the pickle that would make sense.”
James nods then looks Steve over like he’s checking him for weapons and security threats. Steve doesn’t acknowledge the stare. The tension is enough that Bruce feels the Other Guy begin to stir. Thankfully James speaks a moment later and it breaks the uncomfortable silence.
“I went lookin’ for you because I wanted to know if the error was with him or with me.  Was I broken, or was he so goddamned reckless with his own safety he didn’t know when to quit.  That’s the answer I was looking for, and it’s why I’ve been trying so hard to keep him away. He’ll just keep trying to die for me. He won’t quit.”
