Challenge:  AI Takeover: "at one of your demands, Captain"
“Come on, Michelangelo, put the brushes down. I want to show you something.”
“Oh. Oh shit, I’m so sorry.”
Steve went through the soothing motions of heating the kettle and dropping tea bags in mugs - a cleaned out MIT one for Tony and the American-flag-bikini one Tony had gotten him a few months ago - then pouring steaming water over top.
"I really need to talk to him."
"It's very romantic, darling. I'm just not sure my back agrees."
For my bday prompts for anon who wanted extra extra fluff.
“Nu-!” Tony tried, sticky crumbs spilling out. “I hef ta- tu- oo-” Tony tried, but Steve just shook his head affectionately and walked out.
Tony’s mouth fell open. “Natasha who? Good riddance. And good grief gorgeous. That Greek god is
“Oh, right. J, throw the HUD on my screen instead. Let Cap enjoy the view.” The overlay disappeared instantly, and Steve watched as Tony made his way back over to his computer. “Okay, I’m going to make sure everything goes alright from here. All you’ll have to do is point and bank, Steve. The autopilot will handle all the subtle things. Your comm is being fed into this room so I’ll be able to hear you. This suit is only rated to about twenty thousand feet so if you see planes, or like, planets, you’ve gone too high. Ready?”
“Hey, Cap.”
“I think it’ll be fine,” comes Bruce’s long-suffering voice from somewhere over Steve’s shoulder. “Nothing’s gone plooey yet. I’m going to go tell the others you’re okay,” he adds, pointedly. And then they’re alone.
“What do you want to play?” Tony asked, when they made their way to the huge suite that served as his room. He dumped his bag by the door and flopped into a bean bag chair in front of the TV.
Rated: T
Rated: T
“That’s a scar, alright.”
Tags: Angst with a Hopeful Ending, Divorce, Break-up and Make-up, Reconnection, Angst!
"Yes, of course. Come here." Tony held out a hand and Steve scooted across the floor to take it. It felt silly, sitting there on the tile, naked and covered in… everything, really, but Tony wasn't feeling quite ready to stand yet, and Steve didn't seem inclined too either. His hand felt right in Tony's. "Thank you. Honestly… that was obviously terrifying, but might have also been some of the most mind-blowing sex I've ever had."
He didn’t see much of Tony during the school week. Tony was a two years younger and one grade above Steve, but Peggy knew Tony through their parents, so when he transferred to their school at the beginning of the year, she’d introduced them. And now… well now it was the knowledge that he’d have Tony to himself for four hours every Friday that got Steve through the rest of the week.
"Ouch," said a voice from directly behind him. "Hard no on that one, huh?"
“There’s no gear icing tip?” Bucky asked.
“I’m sure.”
“Yup.” He nodded firmly. “I know I can.”
Fluff, established relationship.
I first posted this on tumblr in response to
And after three and a half weeks of watching Steve want someone else, thinking he was alone in this, that was the most wonderful thing Tony could ever have imagined hearing. “Well, sweetheart? I am
Established relationship, fluff, soft.
Two weeks before his experiment was due to end, Steve hiked up the stairs to his usual spot to find that Tony was already there. It was a wet day, drizzly and chilly, and Tony was sitting on the top step, arms wrapped around his knees, bags in a halo around him, face tucked down and hidden behind his usual sunglasses. As Steve approached, he realized Tony was wet and shivering, hair plastered to his face in damp curls.
“We won’t be together tomorrow.”
Subject: Re: Care to comment?
Steve scanned the crowd again, taking his time now, trying to relax and look like he belonged. Most of the ladies were on the upper level playing cards. Most of the men below were turned towards the stage, and when the dance was over, quite a few of them had knocked back whatever was left in their glasses and packed up to go.
God, you’re beautiful.” Steve was breathless now. “You need to come? You begging for me? You know I love that. What a good boy.” He thrust harder, punching a moan out of Tony. “Okay, baby, you can come. Come on my cock. Come on, Tony.”
Work Type: Edit
The bomb explodes.
“Thanks.”
"I don't - I -
The bad man lifted the box and turned it this way and that. It was heavy, and pretty, and brought a smile to his face. There was a small card tied to the underside of the bow. He turned it over.
Steve sighed. He didn't want to go home. He wanted to fight. "Alright."
“Steeeve,” he tried instead, soft and sweet. He moaned. “I need you. Please.”
“Yup.” Tony settled the container on Steve’s lap then peeled open another, almost identical, container of fried rice. Rowdy whined softly.
"Awesome. Give me…" Tony did some quick math "- four hours? I'll come up and get you."
“This
“Ah!” the butt yelped.
Tony smiles coquettishly and cocks a hip, because he’s never been one to pass up an opportunity to get himself into trouble, as evidenced by the fact that he’s here in the first place. “Why?” he drawls. “Too distracting? Like what you see?”
“Stop bickering and come back to bed,” Steve said, rolling onto his back. “Does she need to be fed or changed?”
Tony backed Steve up against the elevator wall and kissed him until the swooping in his stomach was from more than just rocketing up eighteen floors. Steve pulled away from Tony’s mouth and nibbled his way behind his ear and down his neck.
“It’ll never be how it used to be,” Tony spat out.
"It's not. I like you. And hey, if we don't get along, then so be it. But if you don't give people a chance, you'll definitely not make any friends." It wasn't a lie, not even a fudging of the truth. Steve liked Tony. He was kind, and funny, and hard-working, and gave good hugs. Steve was pretty sure he'd only like him more, the more they spent time together.
“Goodnight.”
But of course Steve was giving him a choice.
Steve hummed, and the vibration rippled up Tony’s spine. The finger pressed deeper then pulled back, only to be joined by another one. They both rocked in and out of Tony’s hole stretching and pressing to open him up. The wet heat around Tony’s cock was starting to build, and he gasped and rolled his hips. Steve’s mouth backed off a little, slowing down, and Tony whined even though he knew it was because Steve wanted to save Tony’s orgasm, wanted to make him come on his cock.
Wrote this for a friend who was having a rough day. Fair warning, I was utterly sloshed when I wrote it, and google's spellcheck was responsible for beta so - who knows! I wrote this a while ago and posted it on tumblr, and I'm just now getting caught up on posting it here <3
“If only you know them, then they’re not house rules, they're… Steve rules.”
“Ah.” He seemed to brighten somewhat which was the best news Tony’d had all day.
"Bucky can't come to dinner tonight."
Natasha stretched out on the couch, rolling her ankles. She was getting to the good part in her book, only a few chapters from the end.
“What? No.” And Steve was such a horrific liar that Tony had to believe him. “I was just wondering, because you seem like the sort of person to have one, and uh -” now he was blushing a little “- I kind of wanted to get you coffee and I didn’t know if you needed to -”
But the next time Steve glanced over, Tony was looking at him and he smiled. “Hey, sorry. I don’t handle the cold well. Malibu kid. Didn’t mean to be a dick.”
“This ‘team’ thing is really important to you, isn’t it?” Tony abandoned the coffee with despair and pushed to his feet.
“What’s - what’s happened?”
“It’s just like - all this energy and bounce and I don’t know where to put it.”
"Always, sir."
"Really?" Tony looked down at his completely unviolated wallet, something clenching in his chest. The untouched cash, the safe credit cards, the care in not blurting out in front of the whole coffee shop that he had Tony Stark's wallet - it was all a sign of something Tony couldn't quite put a name to but that felt good and real and special. Maybe something like… respect. "Thanks, Bucky." He opened the wallet and slid the card up to read the number. There was a little heart at the end of it. "Dinner at Amelia's? Friday night? With both of you?"
“I left the ball.”
(Originally
8:55 PM: Recording resumes, the workshop is now empty and Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark are in the penthouse, unmonitored.
“I know you’re trying to reassure me that I’m not an old, decrepit mess who no one could love, but all you’re actually doing is convincing me that I need to dress the armour up as Mary Poppins for Halloween.”
Set during early arc two and also shortly post-epi. Celebrating Tony and Anthony's birthdays.
Tags: Mutual Pining, Self-Sacrifice, Reckless Behaviour
Steve took both of his shoulders in his hands. “You didn’t try to kill me, the purple man tried to kill me. You saved me.”
Steve picked him up, then tossed all his toys back in the bucket and hooked that over his finger. He started back to the apartment. “You liked the dog, huh?”
"I know, baby. I'm sorry." Steve pressed a kiss into his hair. "I mean, if it's me that's the problem, maybe you could ask him out just you?"
They both stared at their joined hands for a moment.
“I’m sorry,” Steve squeaked. “I just - I notice things. You - you - have your black briefcase today, so you order black coffee two sugars. If you’re wearing your glasses, you get a mocha. If you’re in jeans instead of a suit you get one cream one sugar. If you’re on the phone and frowning, you get an espresso, usually two, actually. On the first of the month you get a box of muffins - one has to be carrot - and on the fifteenth you get two cream cheese danishes. That’s - I’m sorry. I just… I have a good memory and I can’t, you know… turn it off.”
Square: BDSM
The plane hummed all around him, in that fundamental plane way. It rattled his teeth and set into his bones, and he knew when he stepped off, he’d feel a bit wobbly, like he’d walked too fast on a moving sidewalk and then suddenly hit solid ground again. The world would feel a bit different, a bit off-kilter - too loud and too quiet at the same time, with the thrum of the jet engines gone. The weather would be wrong, the sun too high in the sky, and he’d be both starving and a little nauseous all at once.
Falling in love.
“Hurricane?” The gorgeous posterior hadn’t wandered off yet.
"Ha ha," Tony said, trying to laugh instead of just shoving the sound of his throat. "Great. Good. So that's out on the table."
There were groans and grumbles from the pair. “You two were all sprawled out when I came upstairs and I didn’t want to wake you,” Bucky muttered, not extracting himself from Tony’s hold.
Tony glared at Schmidt. He was in a completely different universe and he still had to attend meetings. What the fuck was this? What deity or alternate universe dickhead creator did he piss off to have to end up at a god damn meeting?
“ Eww. I did not need to know that.”
Harry’s other hand swirled around his opening, painting the area with his slick.
“ Remember when he called you a support human?” Clint asked.
They quickly filed out the door and prepared for the impending battle.
Thor just shrugged.
The two soldiers grunted in disapproval.
“ And what would ever make you think that.”
Steve offered for Tony to take the baby. Tony know better than the argue. He took a spare Afghan on the bed (quite a few appeared on his bed after Steve and Bucky decided to sleep there) and wrapped him snuggly in one.
He turned back to Tony, “ What is your name.”
Steve stared around him wide eyed. Yep. They were going to  definitely have to set some ground rules.
“ You are lucky boy that I believe that a grown man should not get spanked or I would beat your ass black and blue for the stunt you pulled today. You could have gotten hurt. And on top of that you but a kid through a wall!”
“ I thought so.”
Bucky groaned and face palmed himself. “ Jesus fuck don’t tell me you were going to start pranking people.”
Steve beamed at the praise.
Steve flinched and reared back.
“ You got that right. How they managed to overthrow the human race is beyond me.” Pietro agreed.
“ Ung.... huh...huh...huh..” Tony panted as Grant thrusted his hips.
“ No, friend Bruce, I think Hawkeye May have a point. The Captain has always been fond of Tony.” Thor pitched in.
Steve got to his knees. “ Want me to call room service?”
“ Seriously?! Two years and no sex? How is he even alive.”
“ It’s more than that.”
“ He died.” He said softly.
When Tony calmed down he noticed Steve was sitting up and he placed a kiss on Tony’s temple.
Voice.
Winghead cooed and began to caress his cheek.
6) The other two mermaids were Pietro and Wanda and had been born into Hydra captivity.
“ Aye, Winghead was quite the opponent. “ Thor stated
“ What has he been doing?”
“ Well whatever, there was romance and kissing.”
“ Can I take you shirt off?”
“ That’s correct. We were co-leaders.”
Peter nodded and hopped in the car.
“ Yeah right. If you loved me you wouldn’t have chained me to a wall and threaten to harm my friends.”
“ Come on, I wanna see.” Tony whined.
“ You are an idiot.”
Hi sorry for the delay. I hope everyone likes the new chapter. Please leave your comments and happy holidays:).
Tony felt Steve stiffen under him as he watched as Rhodey held back a raging Howard.Tony felt himself being softly pulled off of Steve’s dick and watch as the man quickly put on his shorts and kiss Tony.
When he stepped in he saw five other people there already.
“ Well maybe I’m thinking about retiring.”
Tony smiled. “ I’m good. Just looking around, hope you don’t mind.”
Peter resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “ I just
Peter just nodded and followed him off the dance floor. Peter get the room move. He wondered how much alcohol he drank. He maybe should have kept count. They went into the dining area where an array of alcohol was laid out on the table. The guy poured some scotch into two red cups and handed one to Peter.
“ Not your choice Pete. You’re drunk as hell.”
“ I’m good your grace, but thank you.”
After about three minutes Friday gave the confirmation that she was done.
“ This is nice,” Tony said slowly as he looked around the Italian restaurant.
Harry grabbed his penis and began to lick dirty strip from the base to the head. Peter reaches down and tangled his fingers in Harry’s thick locks.
“ Well see you in a bit!”
“ I’m pretty sure Tony won’t want us talking about that,” Grant said.
“ So do we all know why we are here?” Sam asked the three battered and bruised people who were adjusting the ice packs over their bodies.
Tony felt a soft hand on his cheek. He opens his eyes and grimaced at the bright light. He visions slowly adjusted and a figure became clear in his field of vision.
Tony looked at him with mock offense, “ I’ll have you know motor oil smoothies are Dum-E’s specialty and coffee is the drink of the gods!”
Tony helped Bucky line himself up and allowed him to push himself in.  Steve lined himself behind Bucky and Tony saw his eyes roll back as he thrusted himself swiftly into Bucky. Huh, Tony thought, Bucky must not need any prep.
So I went on my mission. It was a heavily guarded prison and I was supposed to extract some POW of ours. I was told that this guy would help me get out once I got him free. I didn’t know who the hell he was. I didn’t give a shit and it wasn’t like they were going to tell me anyway.
Tony greedily are his doughnut as he walked around the indoor track with Rhodey. Steve had forbade him from going outside due to possible safety concerns and the last time he had tried to leave Steve had barricaded the elevator door. He would have probably carried Tony to his room and nailed the door shut if Bucky hadn’t intervened.
“ Im fine with that. But are you? I was able to finger you open enough to do so. But I don’t want to push it. I’m fine with waiting.”
“ I was talking to him yesterday on the phone and he was curious.”
Tony groaned and gave up not too long after.
Steve picked him up and began to walk to the wall. Tony moaned and Panted as he kissed Steve. Steve pushed Tony up against the wall and leaned into him. Tony purred and moved his hands to his hair gripping it right.
Tony smiled and accepted them. “ What do I owe the honor for your visit tonight?”
“And you do?”
Tony narrowed his eyes at him. What he wouldn’t give to punch him. He turned to blonde to say his thanks. “ Thank you, your grace.” He grounded out.
He smiled as he saw the message of ‘ I love you’ surrounded by hearts.
“ And you’re just saying that because he kisses up to you’re ass.” Sam retorted.
Tony rolled his eyes. “ Almost done,” He Called back.
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
Tony sighed this conversation was getting old. “ You said you wanted a nickname. You don’t usually get to choose your own nickname, your majesty.”
“ Rhodey?” He said in disbelief. The figure turned toward him and Tony saw the familiar features: the chiseled jaw line, the dark eyes, the broad shoulders.
“ Trust me, I was disappointed too.” Clint muttered.
“ Fuck that’s... yeah it would make me uncomfortable too. Consent is kinda a big thing for me and I’m pretty sure with you two guys” Clint said.
“ Sweetheart, if you keep glaring like that you are going to get wrinkles.”
Coulson said.
Tony groaned as he came too. He felt something cold on his forehead as someone fanned him.
“ You two are missing the show,” Clint said a little too happily.
“ No I loved you.”
“ Here you go gorgeous.”
Tony gasped and covered his mouth. Shit that idiot was going to get killed.
Tony could see Winghead already leaning against over the railing to get a look at him. When he saw him walk through the door his tail began to happily splash the surface of the water. Tony smiled.
Steve smiled. “ Oh yeah? And does your religion involve a bed and a bit of bedroom gymnastics?”
“ You’re being too rough,”  the man whined.
Tony gulped. He did not want to ride home with him.
“Sooo....” Bucky began.
With that the blonde strides out of the room.
“ And let me guess all this macho bullshit is because you are probably jealous because you don’t want anyone looking at Tony’s ass?”
Tony shook his head.
“ It’s nice to see you.”
Tony sighed. He opened the suit and stepped out of it. He glared at Steve as he cowered away.
“ Yeah, the pepperoni one.” Steve called back.
“ Mr. Stark, it is imperative that my partner and I come inside to question you.”
Winghead hissed and growled.
“ Sorry Director but I’m going to have to cut our exclusive interview short,” Christine turned forward facing a camera. “ We have just received some breaking new from Commander Hydra himself-“
Bucky turned to Natasha, this  mouth thing sounded interesting,” So...”
“ What were you thinking?!” Tony yelled as he glared at Steve and Bucky who were both looking down.
“ Can I put it back in sweetheart? And you do want Bucky to suck on you?” Tony whined and nodded quickly. Bucky kisses his way down To Tony’s pelvis and have no preamble as he swallows him whole. Tony gave a wordless cry as he grabbed onto the back of Bucky’s head. Steve slid easily into Tony and tony whimpered as he tried to turn his head as far back as possible so he could kiss steve. Steve chuckled and began to kiss Tony’s check and nose, purposely avoiding his mouth. Tony whined again. Steve relented and finally kissed his mouth, earning a low moan.
Short chapter this week, I was busier than anticipated last week and this week. Please leave your comments. I look forward to hearing from you!:)
“ No!” Peter pouted.
“ And now that you have, you can leave.”
The demon rolled his eyes and turned his back to him.  Steve lunges at him, now that he had left his guard down and pulled him from his perch. Tony let go of the can as he startled and began to cry.
“ I... I don’t really know how to explain it. I like hanging out with you, I missed you terribly when you didn’t talk to me. I get sad when I think you are sad or hurt. I always want you around me.”
“ No he will not,” Steve said, a blush creeping on his face.
“ I’ve done this before Clint,” Bruce said with an exasperated sigh.
Steve just shrugged. “ Well now you do. So don’t be surprised if you are on a mission with them one day and they decide to do the horizontal tango.”
Steve dropped the phone on his bed and hurried to his closet. He pulled out a blue plaid shirt and khakis and quickly dressed. He then went to the bathroom and combed his hair and brushed his teeth even though he had already done so earlier.
Maybe he should go to Wades apartment tonight. Maybe he just forgot to call Peter and tell him he returned. Yes, that is what he will do.
However, a message came stating that they were willing to call a truce if they will be willing to break off Tony marriage to Rhodey and marry the Rogers heir instead. It was also promised that the Rogers heir will control the kingdom until he inherits the Rogers throne and then he will control both. It was a bit confusing as Tony hadn’t promised to marry anyone. So Howard and Tony agreed to save the captives even if it meant losing their kingdom.
“ You could have gone.”
“ And that makes you some expert?” Tony huffed.
“ Don’t you fucking talk to me right now.”
“I was wondering-“
“ You want to get a divorce?” Steve asked.
Clint gave an indignant squawk.
Steve adjusted Tony a little bit so Grant could move his hand under him and tweak his nipples.
“ Don’t worry it an easy fix. I can text him.” Rhodey interjected quickly.
“ Not true. I don’t like Rogue One?”
Loki rolled his eyes.  “ He has, but i have a personal moral code against gold diggers. Especially those you try to take advantage of those who are downtrodden.”
“ Still it was over the top.”
Both soldiers were panting loudly now. Tony smiled. “ Now. For the fun part.” Tony tugged at Grants shirt and he pulled it over his head to discard it to the side. Steve copied. “ You can both penetrate-“
They just laid there panting for a bit when steve looked up. “ What the hell?”
Steve’s fingers slightly hovered over the keyboard. He had been like this for the past ten minutes. He really needed to do this. Well he wouldn’t say he needed to do it, but it would help if he did do it.
“ Sorry, I’m late. The store was crazy! You better appreciate these freaking cheese puffs I bought for you Barton,” Rhodey yelled from the entrance.
“Oh that’s right.”
“ I know, but I thought you would look really sexy in it. Like if you don’t want to wear it I understand but I really thought you would look sexy.”
Steve smiled, “ Here’s our stop.”
“ I’m pretty sure no one sounds like that during a religious service.”
“ I know, but I... I feel it’s harder without him... them. It’s hard to explain.”
Steve just rolled his eyes and took his place next to Schmidt as the PowerPoint on the board lit up.
Steve was about to retort when Fury slammed down his hands.
Steve whined as he backed off of Tony.
“ Damn, babe, already so wet for me.”
He loved getting his ego stroked but this was just too freaky.  Especially when the ego stroking came in the form of a statue. It was large and bronze in color, gleaming beautifully in the sunlight. It was looking to the horizon as it’s arms were placed on its hips, pushing the sides of the suit jacket up a bit. He looked at if he were apart of a funny conversation, from the smile on his lips.  It looked exactly like him down to the Armani suit he usually like to wear. He looked down and saw a placard under the statue.
“ Tony, He’s Ultron. He’s been wanting to meet you. I’ve been delaying it because I didn’t know how you’ll react.”
Steve winced at how he desperate he sounded.
“ Well you two seem pretty chummy.”
As if some god heard his prayer, Steve grunted and released. Tony get his dick spasm and swell. He fell to the side, with Tony tucked into his chest.
Rhodey smiled at him. “ That will be fine as well.”
“ yeah.”
Sorry about the delay, I’ve been busy with school and work but none the less I appreciate everyone’s support.
“ I better go down to the lab. Things to do and a company to run.” Tony said in that cheerful voice that held no mirth. It might have fooled him before when he really didn’t pay attention to him, but not now.  He got up and left the table with most of his plate left untouched.
Harry looked up to see Peter somersault off the bed.   Harry felt his heart stop.
“ How about your Tony?”
He gave Tony a small smack on his ass and positioned himself to enter him.
Before Strange could answer Winghead pulled away from the other merman and showed to be jutting an impressive erection.
What the fuck? He had uncles?
“ Because I like them.”
“ Go put you stuff up kid. Dinner is almost ready.”
“ Hydra is probably after him. He is not safe out there. And who knows what they will do with him if they find him. If you’re here, he will be more compliant and more comfortable with being here.”
“ Tony,” he repeated.
Steve sat in the other side of Tony. They had argued until Nat threatened them both and told them to sit on either side on Tony. Steve then followed Grant into the kitchen and helped cook as he didn’t trust him to prepare the Avengers’ food when he offered./p>
Tony added quickly. He wasn’t sure if Bucky’s title but it was always safe to err on the side of
“ It’s not his.”
“ Thank you for that James. Now when were  you going to tell us about you and Tony here? I think you two would make a lovely couple.”
“ How can I forget,” Friday quipped.
“ What! ‘Since you’ve first met him’! When did you meet him?” Tony said flabbergasted.
Steve looked up.
“ Are you shitting me,” he heard Bucky growl.
Tony grabbed something from the night stand . “ Just some lube, babe.”
“ I think it would be very beneficial if you could introduce SHIELD faculty to him and possibly help them bond so that an agent can be on hand at all times.”
‘ That’s the right word,’ Tony thought.
He saw Brock on the ground, his arm twisted behind him and Tony’s foot on his back. He looked up and smiled, “ Hi Steve.”
James just smiled at him as he picked up the sand which and began munching happily.
“ So how’s the arm?”
Peter paled. “ You wouldn’t.”
“ Yeah you’re right. It’s my middle name and I had no idea what my parents were thinking in naming me that. It’s so old fashioned. Almost obsolete. “
“ Well if he stops acting like that maybe we would get along better.”
Tony sat down at the foot of the bed.
“ Loki is like that,” Thor said.
Steve went to his neck and began to nip at the skin, earning a whimper from the brunette. Steve bit roughly at the juncture of his jaw as he thrusted up harshly. Tony squealed.
The blonde didn’t even look her way. “ I’ll pass.”
“I might have worked for them, but I never hurt Tony you prick.” He snarled as he struggled against his bindings. Shit Tony really didn’t want to explain This to Fury right now.
Steve chuckled. “Yes it’s me and I’m not pretending.”
Peter nodded and began to take of his shirt. Wade took his off as well.
Steve started a punishing pace, pushing Tony’s legs up and folding him in half. Steve growled at each thrust and bit into Tony’s neck and shoulders, leaving marks behind.
Tony smiled. “ Well, I want your help with some counseling.”
“ Well I think it’s genetic my dad is also...”
“ But seriously Tony, we should meet him. I heard from the company, they have been saying you have been showing up to work regularly and working with SHEILD, without complaint. Happy had said you haven’t been drinking and you haven’t been to a party or the cover of one of those trashy magazines. If this man can whip you in shape in a month, the I think he is very good for you. Talk to him and we can set a date. I forgot he is shy, we can do it on his terms. I do not mind. “
Sam shrugged. “ I don’t know. Just keep your head down and try not to make him angry. They always say the Solider has a violent temper but they have never seen the Commander’s. We will come up with something. “
“ We are sorry. We didn’t want you thinking like that.”
Morgan reached down and grabbed on the hair of his lover tightly. Lover... He never thought the word would mean so much to him.
“ No I did not. I purposely dove under. Now hang up.”
“ Sorry babe. I just forgot to tell you that Claire wanted to have lunch tomorrow with the both of us. I told her I would speak with you first before I told her. So would you like to go? I mean this is up to you.”
They were currently looking at a live feed and Winghead had his arms wrapped tightly around what would have been the other merman’s butt and had his face pressed snuggly into the front where a slit could be seen. The other merman had his head thrown back  and mouth pen widely and his hands in Wingheads hair. Tony had to admit he was handsome. He wasn’t as mascular as Winghead but he wash his laundry on those abs. Also those arms were to die for. Well..arm. The other was what appreared to be metal and from what information Nat was able to get, it was a gift from Hydra’s not so friendly or ethical experimentation program.
“ Bruce will follow Nat anywhere. That jackass however, is a little more stubborn,” Clint loudly whispered.
“ Kiss up.” Steve grumbled as he took a sip of his water.
“ It’s a team effort Bruce, ya gotta help.” Bucky said cheekily.
Steve rolled his eyes and slipped himself in.
Steve chuckled and got off the bed.
“ Hey I’m not going to hurt you.”
Again thanks for reading my work and I hope you all liked it.
“ Has that ever worked out for you.”
Steve gently placed Tony On his feet and strides over to a cabinet where he grabbed a wine bottle and sat in a fluffy arm chair. He took a swig from the bottle before sighing.
“ Oh god, “ Tony moaned. Steve glared at Grant.
The rest of the Avengers groaned in agreement.
“ Just lie back and relax, ok Commander?”
“ But he gets homemade chocolate chip waffles,” Clint whined and pointed at Tony.
“ Buts it’s so far in the morning,” Tony whined.
Peter squeaked in indignation and turned red as Tony sided with Rogers and asked about the same thing.
Steve placed a plate of pouched eggs and toast in front of Tony and Sam. Steve grabbed another plate and placed food on it for Bucky. He paused in front of the man and glared at him.
“ Thank you for coming here today Director Schmidt,” the  anchor stared, “ these past few months have been a trying time for our country after the death of Anthony Stark and I know those at HYDRA have taken it hard. None more than Commander Hydra.”
Tony rolled his eyes.
“ Well he should have thought about how sad he would be before he attacked me.”
“ Steve!” Tony called out worriedly. Steve looked at Tony for a moment and Bucky chose that moment to attacked. He lunged forward and tackled His opponent. Steve snarled and attacked back pushing Bucky off of him and biting down on whatever body part he could. The two clamp red and wrestled and threw each other against anything in sight.
“ Yes, so unfortunate for you. Don’t worry, when I die I’ll make sure to send you an invitation for a front row seat.”
“ Commander, you do you know Tony?” Rhodes asked next.
Harry just smiled and shook his head.
Steve nodded dumbly.
“ Yes, Clinton?”
Harry: its very nice that he does that.
Steve frowned. “‘That would make no sense Tony. I’m pretty sure your friends need clothes too. It would just be easier this way. We can stop and get you some frozen yogurt before hand if you want. It’s on the approved list Bucky made for us. He said you need a lot of calcium to prevent osteoporosis.”
“ Do you mind getting me out of here?”
“ She must have been some lady Barnes,” Clint laughed.
“ Steve!” Tony cries out as he felt himself come again. Steve pumped into him a few more times before he felt his inside warm up with some thick fluid.
The blonde just rolled his eyes, arms crossed on his chest.
Present
“ I’m not some whore.” Tony growled.
He could tell that Harry really didn’t want another run in with his dad if he could avoid it. He couldn’t blame him, his dad was intense at times.
He walked down the corridor and went passed his room to Steve’s. It was closed when he got there. “ JARVIS is Steve in his room?”
Tony flipped himself over.
“ yeah.”
“ Yes!” Steve moaned as he felt something run over his prostate.  His cock felt so real and life like. It felt like a human man was fucking him.
“ He’s trying to get a rise out of you.” Clint observed.
Why didn’t you tell me that you had feelings for me?”
“ Bucky I gave you a direct order to get cha-“
Tony frowned.” But I didn’t even say anything yet.”
“ He called us ‘ disgusting fagots.’ And I had to turn away because you said I can’t kill anyone!”
Maybe he could have been this wealthy. Maybe if the war didn’t happen and if he wasn’t captured. And if some type of horror movie character had been real and wrecked havoc world wide.  Who knew that werewolves existed? Apparently everyone who was sane. And apparently one day they decided to rule the world. And that they did. Tony had remained free for as long as he could until he got captured. Now he was a Slave and who knows what he would be after this trip. Most likely dog chow.
“ Shit!” Steve said a he pulled back suddenly.
“ Well that’s good because I like what I see,” Harry said in a sultry voice as he leaned forward and captured Peters lips. Harry slid one hand behind his head to cradle it as he balanced the rest of his weight on his knees and his free hand. Peter felt his hand run through his curls and gave them a gentle tug, eliciting a small gasp from him.
Steve grinned. “ A gentleman wouldn’t but I’m no gentleman.”
Steve whimpered and braced himself. “ I’m close... so close...” he panted. He could feel the bed begin to move with iron man’s movements. He grasped Iron man’s head and brought him down for a kiss. He couldn’t kiss back, but at least Steve could show him how much he was enjoying it. Steve felt iron gauntlets under his knees push him upward and spread his legs wide as iron man took him in a new position. Steve screamed in pleasure.
Peter: tacos with a lot of guacamole
Steve nodded again.
“ I have a feeling this is going to be stressful,” Bruce commented. “ Why am I here?”
Tony felt a hand on his ass.  He chuckled and looked at the blonde behind him.
“ I believe in consent.”
Tony laughed as Steve walked in front of him to face him. Tony had to admit he looked exactly like a Prince Charming from a fairy tale. Tony reached out and grabbed his belt pulling him closer.
Clint just flicked him off.
“ What the hell. Fine. I’ll help. But when he’s cured of what ever companion-deprived attention he needs, then I’m out too.”
Clint Howled at Nat’s comment. Tony smirked and winked at her. “ I can always give you a demonstration” he said he a flirty voice.
“ Shit!” Tony yelled as Bucky was thrown into the bed’s side table and he jumped off of the bed and ran into the living room
“ Well I don’t like it. Last time he called us like this, we ended up dragging back Ariel. And that was a bitch to deal with.” Sam complained.
Steve bit his lip and blushed. He kept fiddling his hands and looked down at his feet as he lightly bounced on the balls of his feet.
Her eyes widened.
The blonde vampire responded by nipping his neck a little harder. Tony yelped.
Tony stood there with an open silk robe that came halfway down his thighs.  He was wearing a black lace bra with matching panties. His arc reactor sat snugly over his bra, shining bright. He was also wearing a pair of black heels that he had no idea how Tony was balancing so expertly on.
Steve looked down at him. “ How can you say that? Of course I want you. It’s just that I don’t want to pressure you. Neither does Grant. We want to do this right.”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “ Asshole. You got me like across the hallway and don’t you think Tony needs someone too?”
Tony looked up and glared at him. “ I’m pissed I deserve whatever I want,” he said petulantly.
“ Steve the man basically had a fucking fantasy of you fucking him. I’m pretty sure he likes you.”
“ We found out because we found Tony bent over the couch with Strange behind him. The rest of us where coming back from dinner. Tony wasn’t with us as he had been called into work right before we left and he couldn’t go with us.
Tony launches himself off the ground and began to head to where Friday directed him.
“ Mama, I’m sorry. I missed my family and wanted to go see them. You did nothing wrong.”
Tony smiled back. Yes, it will all be fine.
“ He could tell me himself. I don’t need you to rely the message.”
Tony paled at that. Pepper didn’t deserve to get hurt.
Tony hurriedly followed suit. He might have done this when he was younger but he didn’t want to get caught by his teammates.
“ Yeah... I did both actually.” Sam drawled our slowly, looking a bit uncomfortable with Bruce’s behavior.
Wade: you’re missing out.
I’m looking for a fic that Tony x Bucky. X Steve. Where Bucky suddenly walks into Tony’s lab and he screams, alerting Steve who comes rushing in with his shield. Tony then has the coax the Winter soldier who is hiding behind an upturned Dum-E.  Bucky says he needs his arm repaired and they help him. I can’t remember the name of this fic and I can’t find it in my bookmarks or history. I would really appreciate if someone can tell me the name.
Tony saw the red head roll her eyes and sip from a fancy procession cup.
“ Howard!”
“ Then why was he making a pass at you?” Grant asked.
Howard huffed and turned to look back at the water to see Steve. Steve looked at him for a moment and stuck his tongue out at him. Howard laughed and splashed water towards him. “ Punk” he said.
Harry laughed. “ You Really don’t know?”
“ What do you mean more? He can’t really be royalty,” Tony laughed. This guy was no way a prince.  Granted he never met a prince, but he always thought they were refined and suave; two things this knucklehead was not.
“ Iron Man!” He yelled and scrambled over to the body of his lover. This couldn’t be happening.
They smiled finally happy that they can be together.
Tony nodded. “ It will be for the best if we do. Bruce I’m taking off.”
“ But what do we do with him? That’s the real question here.” Bruce said.
Tony huffed in agreement. He was a solid 10. He could get whoever he wanted. He didn’t need a pity fuck from Rhodey who was more like a brother than anything else.
“ Wait. Tony-“
Tony whimpered when he heard that.
“ You  could if you want.”
Tony felt a hand trail up and down his back sensually.
Nat, and Tony walked to the gate that opened to the beach area. Winghead was already there with a tennis ball  that Tony had gotten him.  Tony smiled at him and sat down on the beach. Nat tried to sit down next to Tony but Winghead growled and crawled over quickly to the spot where she had been trying to sit. He would have knocked her over if she hadn’t jumped back in time. He growled again and adjusted himself so that his head was on Tony’s lap and his tail was straightened out leisurely put on the sand. His ball and anger were both long forgotten.
“ Manic? I’m not feeling manic. Nope definitely  not. When I’m manic I am defiantly manic. I’m not manic yet.”
Harry looked up when he heard something softly drop to the floor.
“ Peter what are You doing? Get down,” Harry said panicked.
“ So that was definitely weird.” Tony said as he and Rhodey sat down. Maria and Howard had left only a couple of minutes ago and the whole ordeal was fresh in his mind.
Tony glared. “ And why is-“
Tony’s phone started to go off. He answered when he saw Pepper’s name.
The red head woman smiled at him. “ We might as well introduce ourselves as I feel you will be here for the foreseeable future. I’m Natasha. The idiot is Clint” Clint made and undignified noise, “ Thats Wanda and Pietro, they are twins. And that’s Scott.”
Steve looked up and motioned at a man,  “ You May continue Sam.”
Morgan rolled his eyes.  “ I got the groceries Maria requested so I get to stay by default. I love your wife’s lasagna.”
“ Hey!” Tony shouted in surprise. Winghead  took away the bar of soap that was in his hand and splashed water at him. He looked up at him innocently.
Tony woke up the next morning to someone screaming. He woke up startled, and screamed as well when he saw a pair of bright blue eyes looking at him.
The doors slowly opened and Tony peeled from behind Barnes to see what was so special about this floor. They moved forward into the central area with Bucky keeping Tony behind him.
They both faced forward and let the silence overcome them. The elevator gave a soft ping when it stopped and the doors open.
Iron Man maneuvered his body until his back was toward Steve and was completing shielding him from Bucky.
“ No he didn’t.” He really hadn’, he basically just took him back to his room and dressed him in a nice outfit and groomed him until he deems him acceptable.
Grant huffed. “ The serum will help him with that. “
“ Why the hell is he here? What the fuck are you planning Rogers?” Tony growled.
“ Who do you think you are talking to?” He hissed.
Harry began to kiss his neck and nipped at his neck as a hand went under his shirt.
Peter smiled .” I know. I just wish he would be a little...”
Tony smiles. It was nice to have his baby girl back.
Bruce walked up to the speaker and pressed the button to speak. He hadn’t wanted to get involved earlier as he was afraid that it might turn him green.
“спроси рыжую. она знает.”
“ So you could add another notch to your bed post?”
Tony felt a body over him and something in him. He slowly peered around and saw a terrified Steve Rogers in what appeared to be his black Hydra uniform, cowering under Howard’s glare as best as possible without slipping out of him.
Tony felt his mouth dried as he saw the familiar face of the butler he adored place ornate plates on the table.
“ Grapes.” Tony said with a confident nod of his head.
“ Stevie I’m hungry!” Bucky whined. Tony looked at him nervously,not expecting the man to sound like a two year old.
Tony gave a nervous smile and nodded. “ Yeah, I’m fine.”
Wade: but you’re worth it.
Steve laughed and kissed Tony again as he dragged him closer.
“ I don’t know. Maybe you can convince me to  give you something a little more.” Tony said salaciously.
“ I told you to leave me alone.”
Greg giggled. “ So your dad, Bucky, Morgan and I were charming enough to acquire the company of a few French girls-“
“ What about your Tony.”
“ You’re telling me? I’ve know the guy since elementary school. He hasn’t gotten any better.”
“ He’s always had a crush on you. Said so himself one time. He admitted that he had posters of you all over his room. He kinda hero worshipped you.” Bruce  said to him one day. It was been a week since the incident and everyone has been glaring daggers at him. Even Thor gave his a nasty look.
“ Can you help me?”
“ Of course not this behavior is unacceptable. And again he have addressed his behaviors internally.”
It was two weeks later when Peter got a text from Wade. He told him to meet up with him. He told his parents that he was going to be spending the night at Ned’s and informed Ned’s so that he wouldn’t accidentally blow his cover.
“. He thinks he killed you.”
Tony groaned and relaxed when he get steve speeding up. Tony panted and clawed at the table at he felt his body being shaking form each hard thrust.
Tony nodded. “ How long have you been here?”
Steve groaned as he saw War Machine and Iron Patriot stride in with Rescue taking up their flank.
Steve gave him a dazed look, like a deer caught in the headlights. “ What?” He asked softly.
The kitchen was completely charred black with some of the equipment melted into the counter top.
“ I’m going to brush my teeth real quick. Give me a sec.”  Tony thinks he nodded.
“ Where....we going?” Peter slurred.
“ About a month.”
And that had pissed Bucky off since even though he was raping me whenever he wanted he still asked my permission for that and I told him no. That I never done it before and had no interest.
Schmidt had set him up as usual and was supposed to meet the escort when he stopped in his tracks. As cliche as it sounds, he saw the most handsome man he had ever seen in his life. The world had seen to stop when he saw Tony smile at the bartender and asked for a glass of water, his eyes twinkling at some joke the man told.
Hi everyone! Thanks for your support.  I had my first test at school today and I wanted to post a chapter in celebration. Again thanks for your support so far and I hope you keep reading my story.
Tony nodded. “ Yeah, just feeling a little tired. I think I should go.” Tony stood up.
“ Sam he’s having a rough time, that was uncalled for.” Nat snapped.  His Nat would never defend him like that. She would probably ridicule him for being weak and crying.
Steve drank his beer and looked away. “ Well...”
Steve looked down as if he got caught doing something wrong.
“ Ah! Found me again.” He gave her a friendly kiss on the cheek.  He should have waited until they were away from the tank.
“ It was already tested. He is Tony... but not our Tony.”
“ Bucky I told you I was busy tonight.” Steve growled as he stopped and draped his body over Tony, shielding him from the stranger in the room. Steve didn’t like others looking upon Tony’s naked form.
“ He does too! Ask Stevie for something. There must be something you want.” Bucky was looking at Tony now.
Steve was about to retort when the door bursted open violently. Steve rolled on top of Tony to protect him and looked at the intruder. That mother fucker.
Steve sighed. “ It’s just that what happens if he doesn’t love me? I mean it feels like he used me to run away.”
Tony hopped off of the bed and went back to his robe to retrieve the bottle of lube. When he turned around they were both undressed and waiting for him. Tony smirked, this was going to be fun.
“ Have you met my dad? Not exactly normal.”
Peter rolled his eyes and looked up at him. “ Occasional villain. You mostly hep me now. You only steal when you need to pay your moms medical bills.”
“ Why the hell did you think I dressed like this then?!” Tony was shouting at point and looked about ready to throttle Steve.
Tony huffed and threw himself on the couch, pouting. Steve went back to reading his emails. He should have expected the next question.
Steve smiled. “ I could make some chicken fried steak. I think you would like it.”
“ You are one of the most famous groups in the world and you can’t find someone else to have on hand other than that guy?”
Peter shrugged. “ Never seen him before. “
“ From what?”
“ Don’t you think this is a little weird?”
“ This is utter bullshit. I am not being paid to be a nanny for these guys. Why do they have to be here? Steve doesn’t even have an interest in me. He went and fucked his buddy so I really doubt that he needs me around anymore.” Tony growled.
Steve groaned.
Tony was about to comment when Bucky pawed at him with... well his hand and a very human Steve gave a very canine like whine and nuzzled Tony’s cheek in order to get his attention.
“Hey, Petey, can I you know...”
“ I can get you some spare toiletries and stuff so we can wash later....” Tony watched as Steve fiddled with his hands.
Soon everyone finished breakfast and Steve picked up the dishes.
“ Can we meet her?”
Steve smiled. “ And the coffee is a black roast, no sugar, no creme.”
Tony traced his rim and eventually inserted one finger into himself. Tony moaned at the sensation and began to thrust it languidly.
“ You fucking piece of shit! How dare you keep him from us.” The man roared. The man looked like...
“ No way. You spend one night with this guy and  He already has you wrapped around his finger.” Bucky laughed.
“ And who is this handsome young man? He is yours Buck?”
Steve kissed his shoulder again and wrapped his arms around him.
“ I love you Tony, you know that it pains me to leave you here.”
“ Why don’t you just apologize to him,” Bruce asked as he came strolling in.
“ One more stop.” He said to himself. He was going to get those stones.
“Hmmm... That is very concerning Brucie Bear. I think I need some help. Scratch that. I know I need some help. But I don’t know who to ask. I can’t go to Steve and I can’t just go to a regular doctor. I’m not from here. They will think it’s some voodoo magic or something. They will no doubt freak out. I don’t want them to freak out because I will freak out.” Tony rambled.
Peter groaned as he pinched the bridge of his nose. He had a fucking wet dream and it wasn’t of his boyfriend. What the fuck had that been about? Speaking of boyfriends, Wade had not contacted him. He was beginning to worry. Why didn’t he contact him? Was he hurt or being held captive?
He just hoped Tony wouldn’t castrate him.
“ find me a place where we can hide for a bit.”
“ Well she was legal.”
“ Yeah recon on that ass.”
Peter was about to undo his pants, but Wade pushed him back down. Wade lowered his head and latched into a nipple, sucking it greedily. Peter cried out. He gripped the sheets on the bed, not sure what else to do with his hands. He heard the buckle of his pants coming undo and the zipper being pulled down. Wade kissed his way to his other nipple, lapping around the areola before patching into it.
They little group quickly went into the elevator and began to descend.
“ I know,” tony felt the tears well up in his eyes again, “ But Steve really missed Bucky and I know how much he means to him. And I was only trying to..” Tony started sobbing. Tony felt steve grip his hand gently as Nat come over and gave him a hug.
“ Fuck!” Both Stark men yelled as Maria gave them both a stern glare and reminded them regarding using such profanity.
“ Steve?” She asked.
Tony groaned. He was surrounded by idiots.
“ Hey communication is key. It looks like from my view he just wants to care for you and get you to like Him. It may work.”
Morgan Just shrugged.
Steve shook his head. “ No. I don’t want to rush anything. I know the others probably said some things... about you know... me sleeping around, but I don’t want this to be like that. I don’t want you to feel pressured into anything or feel like you have to do anything. I want us to take our time and really get to know each other.”
“ So it’s a He for sure?” Tony asked
“ Please tell me for the love of god why you two weren’t using condoms.”
He pulled back to smile. “ I have a whole night planned ahead of us. “
“ Are you-?”
“ Who cares. Tony was in trouble, we can do damage control later.”
“ Shhhh. It’s alright, babe. I’ll be gentle.” Wade coaxed.
“ He’s very picky. No one can meet his standards. So to have someone here that is Steve’s is very unusual. Did he pick you?” Nat said.
“ Wanda, you are going to school not to work at a strip club.”
“I’ll go,” Nat said. “ Just Stop fighting like toddlers.”
Clint made a gagging noise and turned off the feed.
‘ I-miss-Tony-So-much’ phase.” The Red Skull said.
“ I’m fine,” Tony called out as the creature continued to alternate between nuzzling and licking. The creature started to purr above him, obviously happy about something.
“ What it’s true! You were being a stubborn ass earlier.”
Steve thrusted up slowly. Tony pulled away to gasp. Steve repeated the motion.
Bruce sighed.  If he didn’t address this soon, Tony continue to hound him for help,”What is it.”
“ Don’t worry, I good Harry.”
Harry chuckled. “ Yes You do. But don’t worry it’s cute.”
“ And why do i need to learn this nonsense. I am going to be the leader of the magic community of Asgard. I am aiming to be head sorcerer.” Loki said.
I am also looking for a steve x Bucky fic. Bucky is the son of some politician, who happens to be his mom, that was a POW for several years and was recently brought back but has several injuries and Steve was assigned as his body guard. They then fall in love, but the his mom becomes upset. Please let me know if it sounds familiar.
Tony heard some hissing and turned to see Steve’s little fuck body glowering at Clint who was trying to corral them into the aquarium that Tony built. Their were six of them and a baby, who Steve was currently carrying.
“ Orphan. Hydra took him in.”
“ No. I thought you were projecting.”
“ I want to see,” Tony whined.
Tony gave Steve a small wink before swallowing the cock whole. Steve gasped and gripped onto the arm rest of his chair, tearing at the fabric.
Tony sucked on his pacifier happily from his little nest as Steve cleaned his room. Maria and Howard were somewhere in the apartment t but always some how were able to hide from Steve when it came time to clean him or his room. They both loved their son and doted on him, but god damn it they were never around when it came to cleaning his messes. Steve angrily scrubbed the wall closest to the door that was smeared with A1 sauce. How he got A1 sauce when Steve hadn’t purchased it in a while? He had not freaking clue and did not want to know.
Tony was invited that Friday to visit Maria and Howard at their Manhattan estate. It was a beautiful house that looked like it came out of a glamour magazine.
“ Brucie Bear Why is he here?” Tony asked as he pawed at Bruce.
“ For fucks sake, how much stamina does this guy have?! He’s been going down on him for the past thirty minutes.” Clint exclaimed.
“ And you think I could have afforded your bail? Jesus Christ Tony I don’t have that kind of cash.”
Bucky sighed. “ That freaking kid.” He muttered.
“ Thanks for saying please,” Tony muttered.
Sam looked at him confused. “ Yeah I am. That’s what I went to school for. “
“ Ya know he might like a certain type of role
Quentin looked around and scrunched his eyebrows. “ Where’s the lube.”
Tony heard a soft thumping sound.
“ How do I look?” Tony gave a sexy pose form the bathroom.
“ Thank fucking god,” Bucky interrupted.
He wasn’t feeling too adventurous so he declined again. Winghead was still not looking at him.
“ Man you look like shit. You really look like you got mauled by a literal wolf,” Clint said.
Tony decided to remain silent and contemplate his situation as they ascended.
“ My name is Stephen Strange. Tony asked me to help. I’m a sorcerer.”
Schmidt was like the parental figure of the group. He was the overburden mother who couldn’t keep up with a cluster fuck of children. That’s the only way Tony could classify him as. He even had bedtimes set for them, a curfew of 10:00 pm, which he strictly enforced to ensure they all got their rest. Even he persuaded Tony to go to bed early, which surprised him. He gave him some teas and limited his caffeine intake to help him sleep. It was quite interesting how persuasive he could be.
“ Now come on, we have to hurry. I have to be home by eight to start packing.”
Tony looked up and saw Bruce looking at him worriedly from the beach.
Peter felt the words die on his lips when he saw who was on the couch.  That was defiantly Wade, naked, laying on the couch. But that was not Peter riding him. Peter remembered seeing her, the beautiful raven haired woman. He couldn’t forget Vanessa: Wade’s long time girlfriend. They both looked up in surprised.
Tony was completely out of his suit, only in his black compression uniform remained on. Any other time Steve would ogle at how it hugged his curves, but now was not a good time.
“ Yes, sir?”
Steve shrugged.
Tony sighed as he turned to look at Winghead-Steve. He raised his head and smiled at Tony. He did not have time to be babysitting someone. He can barely take care of himself as it is. It was enjoyable to be around him every once and a while. But following him home and raiding his fridge is a different story. Which also begs the question how did he do it and what happened to all the mermaid characteristics. He knows for a fact that when he left SHEILD that Winghead had fins not legs.
“ How much longer am I going to be dropped off at school?” Peter whined.
I am also looking for a steve x Bucky fic. Bucky is the son of some politician, who happens to be his mom, that was a POW for several years and was recently brought back but has several injuries and Steve was assigned as his body guard. They then fall in love, but the his mom becomes upset. Please let me know if it sounds familiar. Thanks :)
"Ant loves Burt. He's his favourite of the plastic turtle toys. Also the loudest."
“Thanks.” Steve glued his eyes to the road. It hadn’t even crossed his mind before, but Tony’s flirting set a heat throbbing low in his gut. He’d been so focused on school and taking care of his ma, making time for a date hadn’t been a priority a long time. But Tony was hot, and kept shooting Steve flirty little smiles as they trundled along the road.
"At my sleazy gig?"
From: theboss@hammertime.net
“Shit. You’re Captain America. You’re really Captain America?”
Thank you to cathalinaheart, tina, seal burrito, lena, and ashy for helping me with translations <3
"Honey?" He stuck his head in the bedroom to find Steve's glorious backside sticking out of the closet. Tony grinned and leaned against the doorframe.
“Okay deal.”
Tony didn’t want to watch, he didn’t want that image seared in his brain, but he couldn’t look away as Steve drew the man into a hug and pressed their lips together. A monster even larger and greener than the Hulk reared up in Tony’s chest. It wanted to charge out that door and rip the guy off Steve, punch him right back into the elevator to be dragged down and dispensed into the lobby, never to return.
Tony pressed his hands against the glass, barely resisting the urge to follow with his forehead. The new bond inside him burned with need, a need to be acknowledged, to be completed. But it couldn’t be.
What had been a polite but firm smile, edged closer to exasperation. "Do you have an appointment?"
> Server physical performance … 100%
“You barely know me,” Tony mumbled. And this was
“Nice one, babe,” Tony winked at him while Clint played a
Universe: MCU
Steve gasped as Tony’s throat muscles contracted around his cock again. He was hard once more, cutting off Tony’s air supply and hating how his gagging and choking only made him harder. He’d lost track of time, lost track of how many orgasms either of them had had. His body didn’t feel like his anyone, so wound up in tentacles that he’d lost the right to use any of his muscles. Endless darkness pressed in.
see, until now, when two figures came bursting out of the big bay doors and started stomping through the pristine snow. Steve set his book aside and leaned back in his chair to watch.
“I was coming to find you,” Tony explained sheepishly. “Bed’s awfully big and empty without you. Even if I do have my blankets back.”
Finally, finally, Steve started radiating the sweet, calming pheromones he should have been the moment he smelled his omega going into heat but had been too stressed to before. “Ugh, that’s good,” Tony whimpered, scenting him aggressively. Steve tipped his chin up and let Tony rub his cheek along his neck then down over the scar from their bonding.
For my bday prompt party - for bardingbeedle who asked for: "please write stevetony having cute quirky sleeping habits if you wanna and have the time"
Steve squeezed Tony's hand hard, and Tony clutched him back, held on for dear life.
(Originally
"I'm sorry, sir. That won't be possible."
Rating: T
He would have watched paint dry as long as he was doing it with Tony. They worked their way through most of Tony’s vast library of fighting games.
Anthony nodded.
“Yeah?”
Steve nodded. “Alright.” He leaned into the touch. “Thank you.”
“You just
Steve sat down and plucked a piece of bacon from one of the containers, chewing it mechanically.
Square: No Powers
“Yeah. Third year college. But my ma is sick so I come home every weekend to look out for her. I do about fifteen hours of driving each week.”
“Um. I’ve never - I’ve never kissed anyone. And we have to kiss in front of something like two hundred people. And I think I’m going to fuc- er - screw it up.”
Steve turned back to his broken walkie-talkie. Not yet. Maybe someday, though.
Square: I1 - AU: Soulmates
In the end, Bucky, Sam, Clint, and Peggy all opted to ride in with them. Clint and Bucky had been on-again-off-again for so long, Steve wasn’t surprised to see them holding hands as the gang trailed off across the field towards Tony’s place.
brother?”
"Strong too."
"Not again," Steve groaned, as the effects of the serum melted away. It felt like the ground shot up towards him, when in fact, he was shooting down to meet it. Half his height and half his weight gone, he sighed down at his shoes.
The truth was, they probably didn’t want him there, anyway. They were all sick of having to fetch and carry for Tony, help him hobble everywhere, bring him drinks, and distract him from the damn itching.
Subject SR-616:
“No, of course not. I set up a series of security camera drones attracted to the chemicals in spray paint.”
“They have a deck of cards.”
Steve sat up and stretched, wincing when something in his back popped and slipped. Even supersoldiers could apparently throw their back out by reading in the same awkward position for three hours. He smoothed his hand over the back cover with a soft smile. Resurfacing from a good book was always a bit of a process, tugging up out of another world and back into his own.
Steve reached for him, pulling him closer, scanning his face. Was it really him? “Tony is that you?”
(Originally
“What is it?” Steve’s bright blue eyes didn’t drift from Tony’s.
Universe: Ultimates
“Wait - I - what?”
“Pretty sure all the gulls around here are used to seeing Iron Man.”
Set ~two years after the end of In Trouble Deep.
Rating: E
“That’s what I said.” Rhodey’s voice coming out of the phone on the coffee table made them both startle.
Steve set Anthony down in the middle of it and he immediately broke into furious giggles then tipped backwards into the pillow pile, little feet kicking.
Tags: Chess, Pre-AOU, Flirting, Pre-Slash
Tony stayed silent for the rest of the meeting. He was offering all he could. And Steve’s hand stayed locked in his the entire time, held onto him almost desperately, a lifeline. It wasn’t much, but Tony watched with deep relief as the rust on Steve’s gears softened and slipped away - not entirely, but a little bit. It was better than nothing; it was all Tony had to give.
Steve wiggled out of the fort and flicked all the lights off so if the power came back on it wouldn't wake Anthony. He crawled back in, winding his fingers with Tony's. "We'll just let him sleep long enough that he's fully down then we can move him."
"I know. I -" Steve swore and flinched as the needle bit his skin. Anger burned to life again in Tony's stomach and he struggled for a bit before the overwhelming arousal doused it out. "It's okay, Tony. We'll get through this together. I'm here with you, okay?"
Tony grinned. "Like a house on fire?"
But he had to trust in Steve. Even small, he was filled with fight. They'd make it out okay.
didn’t we Tony?” He pushed closer, every inch of him metal-hard and unyielding.
had slipped a hand around Steve’s waist and hooked his thumb in his belt loop. They were
Tony watched Steve's throat bob as he swallowed heavily. Tony could feel heat radiating off of Steve's skin, even through his uniform, and Tony wished he could see what it hid. As if reading his mind, the tentacles started to pluck at the buckles and flaps of Steve's uniform, unsnapping the shield harness and slipping it off, then starting on the front closures.
“You asshole!” Bucky got his hand around Steve’s wrist and shoved the icing bag towards his face, making Steve screech and squirm under him. They wrestled, the icing bag slowly emptying over the two of them, then fell into licking it off each other before tumbling into the bathroom to wipe clean. Bucky’s nose remained blue, even after a lot of scrubbing with a washcloth, but Steve distracted him with increasingly heated kisses, followed by a promise to let him try out the flower tips next.
“You’re going to break his arm,” Clint said to Steve.
Tony found a pulse, guiding the man into the hall where he could lay the child down on a stretcher. “What happened?” He tipped the boys chin back and opened his mouth. A nurse joined him and started wheeling them towards an exam room, handing Tony an oxygen mask to fit over the kid’s face.
Tags: Implied-CACW, Ambiguous Ending, Conflict, Text Messages
Nose is pushing himself up to his feet with a growl, and Tony’s considering stomping on his balls too, when Steve grabs his sleeve and pulls him deeper into the alley. “Come on!”
“Okay.” Tony’s eyes were brimming with emotion. He stepped forward and pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Thank you.” Then he turned and rushed off towards the carriage.
Steve felt himself start to go blissfully limp in Tony’s mouth. Tony moaned with relief and his jaw cracked and popped as he rolled it out. He was still held face down in Steve’s crotch, but without the pressure of Steve’s hard length in his throat, he was able to breathe fully again, sucking in wet sounding breaths sharply around Steve’s dick. The cold air was uncomfortable but no where near as uncomfortable as Tony’s unwilling cockwarming had been.
“Yeah.” Steve started to close the door. “You did.” It clicked shut.
“I’m sorry you don’t like Mark,” Steve said. “I’m sorry I was putting you through that.”
“Stop cheating, Rogers,” Tony said, the words accompanied by the thump of pieces being moved more violently than they should be.
“Are you okay, sir?”
Steve’s eyes squeezed shut for a moment then fluttered open again. “I didn’t hate him… I resented him. Because he got to forget every day and I had to remember. Each day was the weight of another brick on my shoulders. But he got to restart, fresh, uncaring. I know it wasn’t your fault but I started to wonder… was I even worth remembering? Maybe if I mattered more, maybe if… maybe you’d remember. Of all the people who forgot… it was the longest before I stopped hoping
Challenge: Fandom's Favourites
“I’m fine,” Steve snapped back.
Steve sighed, feeling a pout take over his face. Neither Bucky nor Tony was particularly known for immaculate sleep hygiene, but it was still unusual to wake up completely alone. Usually, at least one of them was still in bed at… He craned his head to check the clock and noticed something odd. Both Bucky and Tony’s pillows were missing from the bed.
The security guard looked doubtful, but he backed off when Tony raised an eyebrow at him, and Tony took Steve's elbow and steered him towards the elevator. When the doors slid shut, Steve's anxiety spiked again. He'd made it to Tony, but now he was faced with actually confessing. Would Tony be mad? Accuse him of lying to get money? Try to make him get rid of it? What if he blamed Steve for the accident? Accused him of baby-baiting him? Steve's stomach flopped with the rising of the elevator.
Either case, it was the fault of my father that I was always so hyperactive. I wanted his attention and being loud and repetitive seemed to be the only way to do this.
Naturally, Dara had tried to tell me after suffering the consequence of such a gremlin child visit that all I had to do was blame the other child of some atrocity and therefore have them removed from my life.
My father needed an heir to keep the family fortunes, the prestige that comes with being a Stark. A strong Alpha who would no doubt keep the family name and traditions and power alive. An Omega is a disgrace to the family name – worth only what extra power a marriage can bring. And that is what I became, the moment the doctor inspected by newly born nakedness and declared that I was an Omega.
Totleigh Manor was a safe-haven. Not many people knew about the place. And those who did, yet had no business knowing, believed the manor was a place of re-education for Omegas who still had hopes of being saved.
In a world that is designed to keep you in your place, how do you succeed in being different?
“I don’t have much choice. We both know she’ll ruin this kingdom. Do you really want to let Asgard fall? And we both know that Thor will be traded off for something as stupid as a shipment of crossbows, you’ll be made Head of Foreign Exchange and sent away, probably to Midgard or some other wreck of a place. And there’s no doubt she’ll expect us, me, to fight in battles that don’t need to be fought.” She cracked her knuckles, looking down. “So, if you have a plan, Prince Loki… I’ll follow your lead.”
I wished that she did not hold such fears. I admired her to no bounds.
“Hmm. Very well, young Miss Potts. Explain what new methods you have invented to take place of such a tradition. I am certain they will be delightful.”
“Loki…”
Rhodey would still be there. I would still run away with him.
I enjoyed the paper dolls and the paper clothes that allowed me to play dress-up. I enjoyed the wooden prince and the wooden princess that lived in a wooden castle and rode on wooden horses, all delicately painted by the finest artists my father could hire. I enjoyed the felt babies that I mothered and placed in little material cots I made by the one present I loved more than anything.
She sensed my confusion. “You are aware of the spice pepper, are you not?” A nod of the head. “Well, my hair is red like a chilli pepper and my temper often times matches it… Though that is only to the ones who deserve it, Tony.” She assured me with another one of her gentle smiles. I tried to mirror it, though I felt as if though it was for show.
“Tony, did you ever allow that young Alpha boy to defile you?” She asks me, bracing herself is if my words will strike her down.
“With all due respect, Madam, all cloth used prove to be nothing more than strips of cut-away clothing from far finer, more beautiful clothing. There is a reason I have been entrusted with such a position so early in my life and I would appreciate if you would perhaps install a little bit of trust in me. For your son’s sake more than my own, may I add.” She ran the monologue with precision and a short-cutting tongue that only served to further drag the point across to my mother’s narrowed vision of life. I could tell she had spoken those words more or less the same before. No wonder she had become a Match Maker at 16. She proved to be persistent enough to become one.
“Wow, this is perfect.” He said in a hushed tone. “Good thinking, Tony- ugh, Master Stark…”
I remain still. He kicks me.
It isn’t my story to tell, not in the way he told me that day under the veranda, whilst the rain played in tandem to his tale.
She had put the ring in her pocket and gone downstairs to Dara, making out that she had only just arrived. I heard Dara call for me, wait and then call for me again.
“My mother wouldn’t…”
The eldest Alpha let out a terse laugh. “Oh Thor… can’t you see? Family means nothing. Poor father, slipping into that coma. If the fool hadn’t gotten too comfortable then he would have known to check for poison.”
I felt the silence that followed bury me. Rhodey had said the same things in a different sense. Tony Stark, an Omega builder? I’d get murdered or have my womb removed. Tony Rhodes, an Omega that built in secret? It was better but I longed for freedom.
I could still imagine our cottage in the woods, where I would design and build and paint our furniture. Pepper could visit sometimes and we’d chat about the weather and the news (I would be allowed to read and write freely, of course).
“B-build… design… um… create?” I hoped I did not sound to ridiculous. “I like to create stuff.”
But Rhodey.
I closed my eyes, squeezing the tight, tight, tighter. I didn’t want to cry, because I had cried enough over Obadiah. I was not going to be another one of his toys.
“If it does not, Madam Stark, then we shall wrap Tony up in the rags and keep to tradition.” As my mother spoke Virginia grabbed my arm and pulled me up. She had been prepared to do this, I know she had.
It’s been a month and, at this point, I think I might be in love with Thor. Platonically of course, but regardless of that he is a person that is easy to love.
I never spoke out until it was safe too.
“Yes! Yes… please!”
We took a left up the corridor, went up another flight of stairs and travelled once more to the furthest room down; a mahogany door was firmly closed.
“He touched you in a way nobody should ever be touched. An Alpha should be caring and loving; something Stane has never been.”
Was my mother frightened when first given to my father? An Alpha of such high prestige; it must have been a lot to take on. She knew she failed him when I was born, afterall.
The Courts of Justice were to the left and Father often frequented there as a Decider. Deciders were all rich Alphas that the government felt best understood what to do with criminals. My father did not ever really speak about what happened at the Courts unless Lord Obidiah Stane was there, since he was OverLord of the institution.
“She’s going to destroy herself before she even gets close to being Queen. I won’t let her, anyway. It’s my throne.”
I nod slightly, before letting out a quick breath.
“You shall be sent away, Tony, to a re-education centre.”
Thor let out a scream as Hela threw Loki off the edge, letting her youngest sibling fall into the rocks and waves below. “Why?! You’ll die for this!” He roared, struggling against his restraints.
“Pepper Potts…” I tried out the name on my tongue. It seemed right, and the longer I glued my gaze upon her face, the even more perfect the pet name seemed.
Dara cleaned me up. She wiped the sweat, the blood, the ungodly stains that had formed on my blankets and had curled, like sour milk, on my legs. I remained almost unresponsive, allowing my maid to clean me almost silently.
“Hela, please! He’s your brother! Please!”
I simply stuck my tongue out at her and left.
(See the end of the chapter for
“… Virginia has told me that the only Alpha is the master of the land, whom she says is a recluse. You must learn Tony, otherwise Lord Stane may actually get his way-“ She cut herself off which a fearsome snap of the jaw. Guilt ran down her face; my mother had, for the first time, acknowledged the pain and anguish forced onto her, myself and all other Omegas by Lord Stane.
That is my downfall. Overreacting.
I felt offended by that.
It would make her job obsolete if she did not match me.
“A tidy workspace.” I finished the saying for him, my bottom lip sticking out in defiance. “So you’re here to tell me not to play with it? That’s unfair.”
‘Darling Alpha,’ she might begin ‘I wonder what it is exactly they will teach Tony at Totleigh Manor? I hope it is useful and helps him to become an asset of course!’ She would then look down, at the boiled vegetables, still slightly hard in the middle for the texture she claimed to enjoy.
It wasn’t much of a surprise that Civil War broke out. Hela was ruthless; ordering public executions, burning down the homes of those she disliked. The Valkyrie swore to fight for the Princes of Asgard after fifty warriors were murdered by Hela’s own hands for ‘conspiracy’.
What is an Omega who falls in love with another Omega? Or an Alpha that falls in love with another Alpha?
She yanked him off me and I let out a whimper, despite trying my hardest not to. Aunt Peggy’s stare hardened.
A figure slowly came into view. “A friend. Come on now, let’s get you to safety, Prince.”
Outside.
There was light chatter from the hallway. Pepper’s voice, clear and bright and chipper. A softer voice, a male’s voice. And another male’s voice, much like Pepper’s in its clarity.
“Next Monday. Will you join me?”
I never really thought about using that power as a child. Whilst not understanding the basics of telling somebody ‘no’, the immense power of being able to have somebody removed from my life was blaringly evil.
“Please what? Save your poor blackie?”
“I doubt Tony has ever had wine, Thor.” Pepper laughed. I felt a blush creep up my neck. It was true; I had not. I felt uncultured despite the fact I knew there would be no true judgement from these individuals.
The younger brother looked over, shaking his head. “Quiet, Thor.”
I heave.
“I know a way to stop the ache.” She whispered gently into my ear. I shook. “Tony? What did he do?”
Thor was sleeping when the sound of metal on metal and clattering on the floor awoke him. He jumped up, ready to fend off the attacker. The sound of footsteps crept close, as did the smell of smoke and the sound of heavy breathing.
My fingers lightly brush a tulip, feeling the silk of the petals and firm rigidity of the stem. It feels real. The rain still splatters, and it ends up being Thor that actually takes me under the shelter.
In the short time it had been on my body, it had not caused me as much suffering at the rags had done. Not nearly as much. And Natasha was
The smirk fading into a thick frown that allowed the curves of the moustache to frame the downward snarl of his dry lips. Eyes widening in shock, as to process the piece of information that he had previously thought to be impossible, then closing in despair. The family name would end at him, the Omega child would require so much more maintenance and protection… the ability to feel pride died inside my father that day. Howard Stark, genius Alpha, father of an only-child Omega. How he must have wished the world pitied him that day!
“Rhodey, I- “
“Tony, we better watch out! Your father might catch glimpse of this article and rip the corset of you himself!” Pepper laughed as she also ate. I felt like it was my turn to speak, but I had not the wits to reply with anything decent.
With an excited smile, she opened the door.
“You can call me Tony, it’s oka-“
And I always manage to fuck things up. Somehow.
Natasha was my first glimpse into humour.
“Thank you.” I said to her softly, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
Silence. I feel a little sick. I do not understand what is being said, what they mean by ‘the one’, or what my potential might be.
Loki was going to be king.
I froze and the once fluffy bread in my mouth turned to led. I could feel it poisoning me as my entire body turned cold. I was about to be found in a manor full of books with no Alpha in sight, no way to explain why I was so UnOmega, why God should not punish me for my actions.
“Yes, Ma’am!” Rhodey squeaked, running out of the house. I knew that he would have been down the garden path and around the left corner as fast as lightening. I still missed watching him leave. It gave me a sense of security. There was no way Rhodey could have been caught if I watched him leave the grounds. I suppose I fancied myself a good-luck charm, almost. Not that things such as good-luck charms actually work. It’s all just superstition.
“It is wonderful.” I whispered, dragging my feet along the thick cream rug that was laid over the wooden flooring. My throat felt weak despite the questions burning to get out.
After all, that is what I was first and foremost.
I would not accept it.
But when I was caught telling Miss Drayton about my Omega Knight character by my mother, it was certain that I had to at least attempt to be a good Omega. For my mother’s sake. The nanny was thrown out of the house for encouraging such ‘ghastly mindsets’.
I looked at his hand confused. What was he trying to do, this young Alpha? He worked for my father, it’s as if he could get away with stealing or hurting me. I let out a hum.
Loki smirked. “Oh, Brunnhilde, I always have a plan.” He winked, walking off.
Natasha smirked. “Of course it is, Pepper… And this is Tony?” Natasha stared at me like she was deciding which part to bite into first. It was odd to see an Omega with such a stare. She took my hand and helped me out of the carriage. “Tony, welcome to Totleigh.”
It looked pathetic; I knew that. Dejected, I quickly allowed the fat to snap back into place and pulled the corset up for decency.
Brunnhilde was chosen to teach Thor basic swordsmanship.
And that was it. I pushed myself off the bed and kissed James Rhodes, the dark-skinned servant cadet who worked for my father and was breaking almost every law possible just by being in my room and telling me his scheme.
My mind kept racing, switching positions and roads of reasoning. I wanted a forest cottage with Rhodey.
. I know that there is a chance that I must grasp now, an opportunity has arisen.
“It is wonderful.” I repeated.
She sighed gently. “Bless you.”
Pepper looked surprised. “No. Why do people always ask me that?” She took my hands and squeezed them. “There’s a movement taking place right under their noses. New Omega Rights Movement, but it covers everyone. You, me, Alphas who do not want well-trained objects as Omegas but instead want companions, life partners. And Tony, I have six to do right by you.”
“The design… Dr. Banner…”
Virginia was staring at me expectantly, a young smile on her face. I felt like she might have understood the inner battle I was facing by being offered a present. She turned to my mother.
I felt a sudden pang in my heart, something that I had grown accustomed to over the past week and a half. Aunt Peggy did not, as I suspected she would not, tell my mother or my father.
No, night is not spelled like that. I cross it out and try again.
I enjoyed my evening at Totleigh Manor. Pepper had bought with her several newspapers, a range of dates. Natasha read them with great interest. I had not given it much thought at the time, but quickly learned that Natasha did not leave Totleigh.
Obadiah removed his hand.
The Match Maker would speak, hand on the Omega’s shoulder. Speak about becoming a grown Omega, ready to take the responsibilities that come along with it. That in whatever amount of time, they would be married to their Alpha and soon after that, pregnant. Of course, the actual speech was a long and a continuous drone that numbed the skull and caused eyelids to become heavy.
Rhodey sits in his two roomed house with his parents and siblings, holding the ring he bought me and dreaming about our house in the forest. How we will just add a room if we need extra space. How I will be a wife and a mother and a friend and lover. He thought he knew who I was and who I would become, too.
My body had begun to develop, curves setting in as my hips swelled out. I often discovered slick on my drawers, from the budding birth canal that lay hidden underneath my penis. I had not touched it. Mother had scared me into staying away from it. But sometimes it felt hot and bothered me until I rubbed my thighs together for friction. It felt good.
Being an Omega left a certain… feeling of dismay between my father and me. Especially since it became apparent my mother would not be able to carry any more children. I was prayed, begged, wished for by my mother and father. The maids have told me that my father would spend hours on his knees praying to the Goddess of Fertility to bless my Omega mother who until my miracle conception had been failing her one apparent purpose in life. Oh, the irony that comes with making a wish. The Gods will always punish you for committing such a sin as asking.
Natasha shook her head. “Not at present. Tonight, we will be joined by others, however. “
“Just trust me, Thor.”
“The, ugh, newspaper?” I shrugged; it was not impressive, not when my father bought thick, thousand-pages long books back home to read up on. Still, Natasha gave a nod.
I wanted to make him proud. The first piece of wood I cut by myself was rigid and wonky. Rhodey smoothed it with sandpaper for me. I looked like a mutilated love heart.
I felt a box in my hands, and smiled. “You can open your eyes now, Tony.” I did so. The present was wrapped in newspaper and string. It looked scruffy, but who was I to complain about that at the time? My hand did quick work with opening the gift as I rested in on my legs. The newspaper fell out easily and the string followed. The box inside was a soft pink, and I looked up at Rhodey in slight confusion.
This isn’t his story, anyway. It’s mine. And I’m not prepared to give him the limelight constantly.
“That is not how it works. I- Tony, he wants to make sure that your Alpha is suitable to look after the business… when you’re older, he’ll… he’ll choose your Alpha and then your Alpha will decide to… I better go.” He looked sorry for me. I’ve learnt to hate that look. An Alpha’s look of pity, reserved for poor Omegas who are too dumb to understand the situations they’re in.
Rain pours like Thor pouring milk on his supper – mere seconds and I’m soaked. My dress absorbs the water like a quenched plant and I begin to shiver. I wonder how Thor is coping; he’s barely wearing any sort of clothing.
Microscopic proportions became an issue for me.
It goes quiet. I hear soft sounds…
And so I did, with growing excitement the further we went from my little village. Just as we were turning, however, I noticed a dark blur walking towards my house. It was Rhodey!
Perhaps I should have been born Alpha?
Odin tried, of course he tried. Princes, Kings, Lords, Dukes; all had been invited to the castle. All had left soon after meeting the then 6 foot Omega.
“So you made a mirror?”
“Friends?” I titled my head. She chuckled and repeated her previous phrase. I nodded. “Being friends sounds nice, Miss Potts.”
If I eloped with James Rhodes, then I would be given the opportunity to be my own person. I craved for the freedom.
“Yes… master…” He heave again.
“My goodness, that is just darling!” She cried resolutely, voice curdled with a sharp sweet twinge that made Pepper squeeze my hand in pure reflex. She met eyes with my mother, who then checked herself dutifully. “Is this certain to train his body into perfection, Miss Potts?” She asked sternly.
“Pardon?” I say, looking up at her with wide eyes.
“Oh!” She looked happy at my excitement. “That is good, Tony. I am so glad you like it!” She hugged me, and I hugged her back. She was warm and smelled like Auntie Peg.
The cell was cold and damp. Thor lived off the crust of bread. He knew his muscle mass was wearing down, despite his attempts to stay fit. He smelled like faeces and sweat. The hay stuck to his body and jabbed his flesh.
I wanted to make my mother proud.
“What do you mean?”
“He took Rhodey away from me, Pepper. He will pay for it.”
Rhodey gave me the chance to do something fun and different. I helped me learn how to read bigger words, he… he was kind and I knew that deep down I should run away with him because it’s the most free I would ever possibly get.
I assume the actual reply was far more courteous.
Thor did not take to Asgardian tradition well; he was often found watching guards on the training grounds, where Loki and Hela would train. Despite his gangly body Loki proved to excel in close-range combat, dodging and deftly confusing opponents.
“Excellent! You’re already several steps ahead! Then, shortly you can have a look around. The books are not in any particular category, I am afraid; there are simply too many books to be able to do so!”
Brunnhilde led the Valkyrie into battles of woe and loss; Loki planned attacks, sneaky and cunning in their layout.
“Y-yes…”
“Nobody is getting killed, Tony. Calm down, please. Rhodes. Leave now. I will speak to you this evening at practise. Is that understood?”
He seemed stunned, and took a second before wrapping his arms around my waist. My waist, the cause of it all. My eyes closed and so did his, an eclecticism of textures and feelings and thoughts passing both of us.
My mind keeps reeling back, deep into my past and I cannot seem to keep straight. Yet, this is my story and for once I won’t apologise for not making sense. I hope that, if somebody is reading this, they understand that my journey was one of sacrifice, of suffering. And that those to sacrificed themselves for me understand that I love them dearly.
“Stuff? What stuff?” Dr. Banner persisted.
“He said your father gave him permission… Tony, was it a finger?”
He looks ready to ejaculate again. “I will go and release your little friend if agree to my conditions. If not… well, I’ll declare you as damaged goods, torture your Rhodes and stuff him full of shit and let the bugs eat him alive in a field.”
I know that somewhere deep down my mother was proud, at least for a while.
She must have been.
“Very interesting. Good. Very good.” He said. Finally, he looked up.
So, it was decided.
“I am not a slacker, Dr. Banner.” I told him clearly, forgetting myself. He then winced, waiting for a hit or telling-off.
The kiss deepened, and some alien noise filled the air, escaping from my lungs. It was a moan. My first sexual moan. The first of many. Stolen from my body by Rhodey.
He smiled, a genuine smile. “Design me something for…. Something for office use. Anything that pops into your head. Show me tomorrow morning and I’ll let you know what I can offer you, Tony.” He offered. I knew it was an offer, despite not phrasing it as one, due to his eyes. It sounds silly, ridiculously so, but I could see the gentleness in his eyes.
Trembling hands, my own, remove the lid from the box. Inside, red tissue was visible. I removed it slowly. Inside I could feel silk. I pulled it out, and see the pearl-laced cream of the main bodice, folded and sewn over sprung steel boning that felt so stiff under the feathered cushioning between the boning and the silk. I pull it out completely, looking at the checkerboard pattern of cream and white, cream and white. It was virginal in appearance, though I felt as if though the garment would look equally nice in any other colour, like red or orange or blue. Once I was married then the wider range of clothing would be acceptable.
mirror, I knew.”
Obadiah sniffs again and moans as he rubs against the entrance. I sob, a scratchy, thick sob. “They should bottle this scent up, sell it to the whores.” He declares. He rubs me more, creating friction and I feel bile rise up to my throat. I am sweating, and it stinks and he’s touching parts of me that are not his to touch. I urge myself not to throw up.
Now, if he had been born into farm work, or poverty, then it is likely that he would have been left in a field to die. Since his father was ruler of his land…
She did smile, however, when I showed her my hand mirror. I had made it myself, with help from Rhodey, around a year ago. It was wonky and the paint had been low-quality; Rhodey had stolen from the cadet’s station for me after we agreed that asking for paints would cause an uproar between Dara, my father, my mother and any other shareholders in what was classed as a proper activity for a young Omega to take on.
Thor growled as he tried to escape the chains around his body. “Loki!?”
“No, mother, he never hurt me and he never forced me.” I whispered to her. “He was nice to me… He was my friend!”
She could not have made herself any clearer. Sadly, my four year old brain did not gage that my mother had wanted to put an end to the conversation.
“I’d claw him if he did.” I replied. Natasha snorted. Pepper continued to laugh. I opened my mouth to speak once more when there was a knock at the door.
Rhodey did all the work himself, moving my old toys and clothing out of the room and pushing and shoving the heavy workbench into the room. He even set up a small sitting area for me, where I sat and watched him, petting the wraps around my waist absently.
At the age of five, when the world is still big and bold and scary, you are taken to the Match Maker. Usually a Beta. Match Makers are important in the process of finding suitable mates. They’re all connected, or so I was told when I was younger, by magical forces that allows them to find perfect matches for Alphas and Omegas, although I’ve always thought that the matching process is swayed more by money and bribery compared to anything else.  You see, there is often an age difference between the Alpha, who must have time to earn money, establish their career and build/buy a house, and the Omega, who must be sold as early as possible, since this is the only known way to make the most profit out of one.
“No… No, please…”
An Omega of six tender years, she was lively yet gave a sort of bite with her attitude. She entertained me more than anything; I admired how she freely spoke. ‘That’s an awful coloured dress, I would be ashamed to be seen in it’.
“I was going to let you say ‘goodbye’ to our brother but now I think not…”
“Tony, I will be back in the village again in two weeks. I will pick you up and take you out for the day. How does that sound?”
“Trait-“
“I love you too… Please don’t forget about the work-“
He then looked confused and stared at me some more. “Miss Potts?” He said softly, like he was coaxing a baby out of a nightmare.
But she did her job and soon became fond of the unusual Omega. Thor was a quick learner. He tried hard and cared and seemed to be born to battle. She naturally had gotten into many debates with her fellow warriors about her new job; but after witnessing the young royal leave a four inch gap in a shield the arguments died down.
“I want my place to be in the Valkyrie.” He sighed. Heimdell rubbed Thor’s arm.
Pepper Potts was confidence.
It was a difficult task, and one that made me feel quite angry on the inside. It should be simple! An office! What resided in an office?
It did not feel fair, to be cast out so suddenly, so quickly. I was here because I was special, right? That was the point of Totleigh? And suddenly, when an Alpha arrives, I am once again kicked out and ignored.
One of my Father’s friends, Lord Obidiah Stane, liked to share stories of young Omegas he punished for their ‘sinful, disgusting behaviour’.
“Dara… if you can, please hide my woodwork, my drawings and just anything that Obadiah might use to take me away from Pepper. Please, he’ll hunt the house down when he gets the opportunity. He’s a snake, Dara, a snake that’ll twist any smidgen of evidence into a prop to make me his.” I know that I was pleading, but I knew that Obadiah would go to extremes.
I was slightly perplexed when my mother had reacted so strongly to my drawings when I was around seven. My father had left a pencil and paper on the kitchen side, forgotten during his spitting argument with the Gardener, a young Alpha who I remember stealing roses from the garden for any Omega that took his fancy. I had fun, clumsily holding a pencil and drawing little marching stick figures.
If only she had been quicker, been quieter, thought it through.
Hela walked over, running her fingers through her hair. She looked down at the Omega and scoffed. “Our father indulged you far too much, brother. Your beloved Valkyrie bodyguard fled, your brother is dead and Heimdell is in hiding.”
“But you want to know how to make things?”
“You know I cannot, Thor. Please, stop being so chi-“
I smiled nervously at her. Pepper shook her head kindly. “Do not be frightened, Tony! Natasha is a good friend of mine and somebody who you can learn much from.”
My heart felt like it was being squeezed and crush. This was a dangerous conversation to be having.
“My father, I know… what’s that got to do with you being in my room?”
“Close your eyes, Tony.” Rhodey ordered gently. I obeyed immediately, hands held out.
I wondered why, since most of my father’s work took place in the city, we did not live there. My mother claimed it was because she couldn’t stand the ‘city air’. My father mentioned something gruffly about the ‘corrupt rebels running amok’. Dara told me in her soft voice that it was really about keeping my ‘unware of the bad things that happen to Omegas’. She had told me that with a knowing smile, before darting back off to the kitchen.
I had a friend.
Pepper takes Tony to Totleigh Manor.
It was not until she reached the bottom step that she noticed the utter silence. Dread knotted in the pit of her stomach, like a poisonous snake wrapping itself around prey. She crept silently to the door, creaking it open with miniscule pushes.
Unwed, unmated, free-willed, sexually active?
Suddenly the workbench meant so much more. ‘
That perhaps, just perhaps, my journey would become less than heroic.
My mother would have screamed ‘harlot’ and fainted if she knew Natasha. She made me uncomfortable, with her confidence and loud presence; she was reading out an article about the Omegas running riot in the city.
My Auntie Peg, she taught me how to read and write, how to hold and sustain pressure upon a pencil that swooped up and down, left and right until I had written a sentence.
“Tony, I will say this as a mother and a mother alone; I am not letting you near any Alpha, regardless of their place in our society or their society. You will be with Virginia and other Omegas to learn…”
It was dangerous business, making friends with Alphas.
“Has Tony not taken to the binding, Miss Potts?” My mother called out in concern from where she lounged on her parlour chair. White, soft, consistently re-upholstered. She loved that chair.
Aunt Peggy came to visit me the evening before I was supposed to set off to live at Totleigh. Her face was pale and she looked remorseful. Her hair, usually kept in a tidy tight bun, revealing the sparsely planted beginnings of grey hair was down and wavy; brushed yet not well-kempt.
Dara always did that to me; made me feel stupid with vague sentences. She was a nice woman in a lot of ways… but if she could get power, then she would take it.
“Have you ever climbed a tree, Tony?”
Thor:
“That you are clever and need an escape from pretending not to be. How did you make it?” Pepper looked so interested in what I had to say. Bless Pepper.
The carriage begins to move away and I watch as the waving image of Dara becomes hidden behind the ever thickening shrubbery that secluded my home from the village.
The noise took us all by surprise. The kiss broke, and we looked into each other’s eyes. His pupils were dilated and carried a predatory look about them.
“Of course he will. But, first, you must learn how to.” She looked out the carriage window, pushing the thick purple curtain out of the way. A hum quivered out of her throat – she was thinking, formulating, doing what she does and will always do best…
It had only been two days since Pepper had come into my life, but I wanted to impress her. I did not have much to offer, besides my natural talent for woodwork and the possibility of making her quite a lot of money if she found a good enough Alpha for me.
“Who?”
“What are you doing to this Omega?!”
I realise Mother is speaking to me, using the same dull tone that came to the forefront of her vocal chords mere seconds ago. “… And they shall keep you until… until Virginia has found a suitable partner.”
“Leave the love life antics to Pepper, you goose.” She swatted my arm playfully. I let out a soft laugh. Like I have said; Dara is a close friend, a great friend, even if society says she cannot be anything other than a maid. “Mother is certainly keeping you on, then?”
There was this bizarre belief that too much food made an Omega rebellious, as if the extra dollop of butter or the too-thick cut of bread suddenly burst open a flood-gate’s worth of unsuitable thoughts and feelings. Why would an Omega be thinking about the skies? Too well-fed. Of course. Natural curiosity is unbecoming of creatures like Omegas.
The stairway was wide and in the middle of the hall. Half way through, however, the stairway split into two, one case of stairs going left and the other one going right.
“Master.”
“I’m not anyway near less privileged than others who live in the village, Tony Stark.” He commented lightly, shaking his head at me. “I’m a good cadet, I have a good job and one day I’ll join the army.”
So I stayed still and allowed Rhodey to walk down the garden path as we made our way up North, away from my village and my troubles.
“That is not the sort of thing I or you ought to know. What is up stays up… and you keep your head out of them clouds, otherwise they’ll start rationing your food. You already eat like a sparrow.”
“You’re two of those things, though, I could get my mothe-“
Six months away.
I kept my eyes cast down, my body and mind screaming
‘Your toys are boring, I like to play pretend!’
Oh Rhodey. It really was the beginning of the end.
Secluded away in the thick foliage, it was a place that people barely ventured to unless they had a particular reason to; supplies were collected from a village a fifteen mile carriage ride away; annual inspections were made short by the never-ending façade that the residents put on; people who lived there rarely left.
I bit his arm hard, tasting his foul blood. He growled, and I felt my head make contact with the stone wall. Blood filled my left eye.
“Under the stairs!” I exclaimed in suggestion; under the stairs that led upwards to the attic space, which was also my father’s personal work space, was filled with my old toys and clothing from when I was a toddler. It was a wide space with a slanted roof and room for one candle holder. It would be the perfect place for a secret workshop. And far better than having my father find it angrily confront me and Dara about it. She would lose her position and I would lose yet more respect from my father for not even being able to fulfil the requirements set out for Omegas. Un-Omega activity was punishable by imprisonment or in some cases death, since it was unlawful.
I dunked my bread into some strawberry jam, grinning. “That sounds terrific!” I exclaimed, looking into his eyes. He looked into mine.
If there is a will, as the Match Makers say, there is a way.
At that, Loki began to struggle again, hosting himself up enough to kick the Queen in the chest. Her footing wobbled, edging her closer to the ocean and rock below.
Dr. Banner did not attempt to remove me. Rather, he just simply stayed still, afraid to jostle me. Pepper was the one who had hoisted me off his lap.
It made sense, of course, that she would not be able to leave. But all I could think about was the terrible claustrophobia. Had she not any family? Had she not something other than a place of illegal education that existed in what seemed to be its own frame of reality? And when Pepper was busy, who else resided here in the manor, keeping her company?
“I-Is this a joke?” I simpered. Rhodey looked worried.
There has been numerous press conferences to discuss whether he was safe and if he would put on the Iron Man mantle permanently and not just to send kids through walls because they were picking on others.
“Now, lets go back up stairs, shall we?” Rhodey asked as he led them toward the elevator. Tony just nodded and let himself be led to what appeared to be a study.
“ Don’t daré finish that sentence,” Grant seethed.
What the hell happened. There was Steve and Thor and Clint...Nat has died... He was one Thanos and he... Tony froze to look at his hand and his heart dropped. The stone were missing. He no longer had the stones. What the fuck happened to them? His arm also looked fine, but burn marks or scaring. Not that he as complaining, but it was weird.
Steve smiled and walked out, closing the door behind.
Tony huffed. “ Like You Can ever handle me Wilson.”
Steve nodded his head enthusiastically.
“ After Dr. Doom dropped him from the sky,” Steve interjected.
Bruce clap him on the shoulder. “ Great because you are their new therapist.”
“Let me grab some lube. I’ll be right back. In the meantime you two can get rid of the rest of your clothes.”
“ Buck this is a serious matter!”
Tony just shrugged.
“ Who you calling a beast you- ow Nat!”a voice whined again.
And before he knew it, he was walking over there and taking up the seat next to him. Steve flagged down the bartender and asked for some whiskey. Tony had gave him a sideways looked with a perfect eyebrow raised.
“ And we think that we have the responsibility as uncles to see our lovely nephew no matter what universe he is from. We will love the little genius just the same. Great show by the way, you looked marvelous in the Superior Iron Man suit.” The other man said.
Peter clapped his hands happily before leaning back down and hugging Harry.
Pepper gave him a small smile. “ Whatever you decide, I just want you to know that I support you.” Tony smiled. He didn’t know what he would do without Pepper or Rhodey.
Peter crosses his arms and shook his head again.
Steve scrunched his eyebrows. “ What do you mean by ‘confirmation to euthanize’” He asked perplexed.
“ Yeah, But sucks at relationships. Remember Peggy? That about sums it up.” Clint added.
Steve wrung his hands together nervously.
“ I can do that too if I tried.”
Tony left out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding, “ Thank fuck. That feels a lot better. Ommpf!”
“ I’m not that smart,” Peter muttered bashfully.
Clint turned of the speaker and turned to the rest “So he got a freaking hard on basically.”
The walk wasn’t long to the bedroom but it felt like a death march. Waiting for them there were Rhodey, the current king and queen, their heir and some of the heir closest advisers.
“ Buck are you alright,” the blonde called.
“ Well isn’t he a bit delusional.” Sam muttered.
Met him dad and he kinda chased me down at the end of school.”
“ Ow!,” he shirked in surprise as he turned to Maria who was withdrawing the hand that slapped his forearm.
Tony reaches for Grants hands and had them placed on his hips as he reached forward and kissed his lips. He Flicked his tongue against his lips, wanting a soft gasp. He slipped his tongue in and began to trace the inside of his mouth. He tried to play with the velvety appendage opposite  from his own but it was clumsy and uncoordinated. Despite this, it was adorable.
Steve seemed to preen at that. Tony needed to make sure he stayed charming to keep in this guys good graces. Maybe he could acquire so things to get back home if he did so.
“Wolves are a bit different too. We base our attraction on smells and behaviors. Saving him was probably what started this and then he probably saw Tony’s humanitarian efforts and fell in love. Also, he might be attracted to Tony’s smell. He smells familiar and like home probably because he had visited Howard that day. He happened to me.
“ I found him in Berlin. I went over to there and he basically
Tony hissed at the voice but  Steve’s growl drowned him out. “ All of you out!” He bellowed.
Harry sighed. “ I’m dropping you off in my room and closing it behind me. You are going to sleep this off and I’ll check up on you in half an hour.”
“ Why was that?” Clint asked.
Quentin sighed. “ So romantic. Being told to hurry up and finish. You truly know the way to a man’s heart Peter.”
“ We are ready for you.”
“ Well maybe you need better security.”
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
Steve glared at him one more time before dragging him to the car. “ One of you call the slave master and tell him I want to return my purchase. Buck get us there before I kill this prick.”
“ We love you here you know that right?”
Tony and Winghead jolted up to look at the stairs. Tony paled at what he saw: his father, red with anger, with his mother following close behind.
Peter waved as Wade disappeared.
“ Are you fucking shitting me right now? Now you start to spout this homophobic shit? After you already fucked me?”
“ Yes. They were stories but they were true. Why don’t you ask the Winter Soldier himself? He seems to enjoy lounging on your lap.”
“ Jesus Christ!” Tony exclaimed as he pulled back.
“ Do you mind meeting me in my room?”
“ The red dick head is going to make us clean all the fucking bathrooms at HQ if he knows that you are stalking him again.”
“ Faster. Want to feel you.” Tony moaned.
“ And I fail to see the importance of this conversation,”  Steve drawled.
“ But can you like call a doctor buddy who can get me these meds.”
Peter rolled his eyes. “ Of course I love the way we do things. But I want to try something new.”
“ Mommy still dropping you off at school? I thought you were a senior, don’t they know what? What a loser. Catch you later.” Before he left he slapped Peters books and binder out of his hands, causing it to hit the floor.
“ He didn’t have to. He’s not exactly sneaky.” Iron Patriot clarified.
Winghead narrowed his eyes and nodded before dropping back into the tank.
“ Relax man. He’s with Pepper. I think don’t He would mind if you hung out with us. “
Rhodey rolled his eyes and stroked his hair. “ Tones,” He said in a gentle voice,” You could have gotten really hurt.”
“ So This is where you are,” a female voice said. The lights flicked on and Tony saw a beautiful red head standing at the doorway.
His phone went off again. He looked at the message.
“ Happy now?” The metal man grumbled.
“ But why me? Are they you know. Like racist and homophobic and all of the above.”
“And what will they do with him?” Nat asked.
“ W-would you like to do it again? I mean with me? Would you like me to mount you?”
“ I fell in love with him the first time I saw him. I had ripped off his faceplate on the Iron man suit and I saw the most beautiful man underneath.” He then chuckled, “ I had paused long enough that he hit me with one of his repulsors. I had a bit of trouble fighting after that.” He was blushing heavily now.
“Told you he was going to cheat,” Nat said.
“A hundred bucks.”
There was nothing lodged in his throat. “Is he allergic to anything?”
"Right. Hugs Georg, who lives in a cave and needs ten thousand hugs a day shouldn't have been counted," Tony grumbled, dropping his face down onto his folded arms.
Oh god. Tony’s mouth.
Steve is playing Azorius and Tony is playing Izzit. You cannot convince Tony didn't play MTG in his early twenties at MIT! And super strategic Steve would be killer at it.
“Remember when you kissed me and I pushed you away?”
The man tucked his platter under his arm and shook his head. “My apologies, sir, but I’ve been asked not to say. It’s a gift,” he explained, “from a secret admirer!” His eyes danced with amusement and Tony found himself intrigued.
“Oh!” This
"We are
Tags: Fluff, AU, Meet Cute
Steve twisted around and flung his shield sideways into a robot. It shattered into a million pieces. The fight was going fine - the team was holding together pretty well - but it wasn’t the same without Iron Man.
"Where's the duct tape?"
“Sweetheart, I’m wearing your dirty workout sweater. I clearly don’t mind.”
> slfdiag.exe complete -- 1 error
Steve slid his hands up the back of Tony’s shirt, tugging it out of his pants when he found his access limited. “You know… if we call a tow truck and hire a car to take us the rest of the way… we can ditch the conference and spend the next sixteen hours together in the extremely fancy hotel room you have booked for us.”
The door to the lab was closed, and when Steve knocked, no one answered, but it swung open. Steve stepped into the room, Tony’s name catching in his throat when his eyes found who he’d come looking for.
This is a Jonathan Creek AU, but I realized that RDJ also has a windmill house after I’d already planned it out! Funny coincidence :D
Tony pulled out Rowdy’s leash, eventually caught the bouncing mutt and slid open the back door, disappearing into the dark. Steve added “Call fence guy” and “replace back lightbulb” to his lengthy mental list. He tidied up the containers, dropping some beef and broccoli into Rowdy’s bowl to surprise him when he got back. It took some digging to find pajamas, but there were soft pants and a t-shirt of Tony’s in one of the clothes boxes. He washed his face and brushed his teeth, using a washcloth and the tiny toothpaste from Tony’s workbag. It kind of felt like camping.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm fine," he muttered. He hunched his back and turned away from Tony, limping towards where the rest of the Avengers were gathered.
“A werewolf,” the SHIELD medic corrected. “Who doesn’t seem able to turn back…”
“Yeah, I -” Tony ran his fingers through his hair, getting tangled in the wet knots. “Me too. I mean - it is. But this is about public perception.”
"I'm sure. I'm sure. It's fine." Steve leaned over both of them to kiss Ant on the cheek. "You're okay, honey. Do you need a band-aid?"
"I'm seventeen," Tony blurted out. "I have like zero friends here cause everyone thinks I'm just a kid and no one wants me to go to their parties or anything. I started here last year, did half the credits I needed for undergrad and tested out of the rest. Now I'm doing three master's at once, and it's
Tony set Anthony on the floor and gave him the important duty of holding the phone steady while Tony pulled what appeared to be every blanket they owned out of the linen closet. Anthony laughed like a lunatic, the flashlight dashing all over the walls and ceiling like a strobe light, as a pile of fabric grew beside him.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
But Steve stopped short in the middle of the sidewalk, forcing the rush of people to part awkwardly around them. Then all he said was, “Oh.”
Clint held his hands up. “I know! I know. But Natasha left
“Find… me?” Tony offered.
Steve leaned a little closer. "It's personal."
Pre-serum Steve, insecure Steve, suggestive content.
Steve slammed Tony into the mats and leapt up with a whoop. “Point! How do you like me now?”
But Bucky was newly recovered after a course of care in Shuri’s hands in Wakanda, and Tony didn’t want to push anything. The thought of Bucky in danger, however, urged Tony into motion. He rattled off commands to JARVIS to shut down the air venting systems, rerouting filtration, and lock down three floors of the tower. JARVIS opened a port in the side window of the workshop, and Tony blasted through, shooting straight up towards Bucky’s window.
Steve didn’t move for a long time then he pushed up to his elbows and slid out of bed. “Sorry,” he muttered without looking Tony’s way. He pulled on a pair of sweatpants straight from the floor and ran his hand back through his hair.
Steve snorted. "I'm tiny, not sick, Tony. I'll be fine." But a moment later, a glass of coconut water was deposited in his hand.
But when the door opened, Tony saw the roof was completely transformed. There were two long troughs filled with flowering plants along either side of a row of small, white dog-house shaped, wooden boxes. There was a bench in the corner, and a new cabinet that Tony didn’t recognize. He’d been gone for six weeks, but it was starting to feel like six years.
“You didn’t ask. I offered.” Steve shifted a tiny bit closer. “I like Mark well enough, but I’d rather have you. In any way I can. He and I can still be friends without you having to see him. He won’t mind. I definitely needed the - uh - contact more than he did. And maybe I can -” Steve’s hand flinched out towards Tony uncertainly, and Tony snatched it before it could disappear again, winding their fingers together.
Tony snorted out a startled laugh. "No… I just - huh. I lost that like six hours ago?"
Are you kidding me?? Ugh… Where does he find this shit? Would you believe I was training JARVIS to make websites and I told him "collect all the data on Captain America you can find on the internet and make me a website?"
Square: Charity Gala
He let his eyes slip shut. He was going to wait for Steve to come back to bed, so they could fall asleep together. No matter what, they’d wake up that way, wrapped around each other like a pair of love-struck octopuses, blinking awake to soft morning light and the gurgling of the automatic coffeemaker turning on. But Tony would wait for him…
“Fuck, Tony -” Steve gasped, clenching his hands on the wheel to keep from grabbing Tony’s hair. Arousal rushed through him like a drug. It felt so good to be touched, to have another warm body pressed close to his, and he could already feel the wet heat of Tony’s mouth hovering over his cock.
Here is the first one:
Steve sighed.
“ Bucky I told you I was busy tonight.” Steve growled as he stopped and draped his body over Tony, shielding him from the stranger in the room. Steve didn’t like others looking upon Tony’s naked form.
“Steven Grant Rogers where did you go,” a woman’s voice growled. The man looked terrified.
Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. Tony wanted to scream if he was given a chance to recover, Steve wouldn’t let him go anytime soon. Steve covered Tony and pulled on some pants before sitting at the edge of the bed to look at Bucky.
“Really? Let me see- ow Nat that hurt.” An unfamiliar voice said.
Yeah Steve probably was no help to them as he mourned the other Tony.
Strange nodded.
Tony giggles despite the situation.  “ Does that line ever work?”
“ The boring one.”
“ Blood tests and Dr. Strange spoke with them. He’s an orphan that Hydra picked up and they decide to adopt. And Strange places a spell on them to temporarily not be able to sing.”
“ But I like this one.”
Tony turned to watch steve pant softly as he held out a monster of a chair in front of him. It looked specially reinforced. As if it were made to hold up a large robot.  He lowered the chair slowly next to Maria and went back to his own seat, not once looking at Howard.
“ Now you can leave. I don’t need you corrupting my son.”
“What should I do?”
“ Or I’m just that good,” Tony said smugly and he snuggled between the two soldiers.
“ hey, “ he breathed out.
“ How does that work.”
Tony opened a bleary eye and saw Steve, no... Grant, he is pretty sure it’s Grant, sleeping in front of him. It takes him a bit to remember that Steve was also in his bed and why the three of them were in the same bed.
“ We got some chicken wings!” Bucky shouted as he tossed the boxes onto the table. Clint and Thor were following close behind with cookies and Asgardian Meade respectively.
“ What feeling a bit lonely? Is my company not enough.” Strange tried to joke with a small smile. It faded when Tony didn’t  respond back.
“ What?! You must have the wrong guy. Have you not seen him? Not exactly smart enough to conquer countries in Risk let alone the world.”
Peter made an attempt to struggle as Quentin peeled his mask away.
Hi everyone ! Sorry for the late update. School and work has been crazy. I am hoping to do another chapter soon.
“ Well that’s good.”
Tony places Steve’s hands on his thighs. “ Catch me.”
“ Nope.”
A petite brunette man walked into the room with a clip board. “ Your majesty, I am sorry about the wait, but we can fill out some paperwork while the Slave Master is making his way over.”
“ Hey big guy, how are you?” He kneeled beside him and scratched the two fins that gave him his name. He purred loudly in response and leaned into the touch.
“ Yeah sure.”
Tony sighed this conversation was getting old. “ You said you wanted a nickname. You don’t usually get to choose your own nickname, your majesty.”
“ You can’t control everything.”
Nat nodded. “ Yes, But he needs to be reminded that he doesn’t always know what best and that you will probably be happier if you had some familiar faces around.”
“ I’ll send a check.”
“ Trust me, they were tame today. I’m surprised they didn’t want to drag you back home. Those two would dress you up in a onesie and bonnet if you gave them a chance.”
Tony nodded.  They made their way down to the courtyard were Bucky was waiting with a small band of guards. Apparently he was like the second in command and often organized the security detail for Steve.
Tony smirked to himself. Maybe he really was the one with the power here.
“ I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Steve kissed right below his ear.
“ Sorry Nat did that already. OUCH! Nat,” Bucky whined as he rubbed the back of his head.
“ oh yeah.... uhhh. Yeah....” the person on the screen moaned. His eyes were hooded as the man above thrusted his fingers into him.
A red headed woman in the royal garb of the Rogers Family appeared at the end of the bed, “ With the consumption of this union, we hereby consummate our alliance.” She pulled a string attached to one of the four posters of the bed and a curtain came down. The blonde turned to him and rolled himself on top of him. He opened Tony’s robes d opened the lapels. Tony could have sworn he gulped and then pushed up
Tony looked up to see Sam and Rhodey stroll in and pull up a seat to the table.
“ Oh. Um.... that’s interesting.” Harry said, a little panicked. He was so dead. Stark is going to kill him. Not even his dad will be able to save him.
Steve eventually withdrew his hand and sat back in his heels. Tony heard the foil packet of the condom tearing as Steve rolled the condom on himself. Tony felt Steve grab his legs and spread them a bit. Tony just looked up at the ceiling and waited. He tried to think about other things as Steve breached him. Maybe he can get a cheeseburger after this.
“ Steve-“
Ok, so maybe it wasn’t all that bad.
“ I still don’t understand.”
“ Exactly sixteen. You’re still a child. And you go to a private school, which I pay good money for. I am not going to deal with you getting detention again for not wear your uniform so get your ass back in your room and dress appropriately!” He snapped.
Tony looked around the penthouse. If he didn’t know better, he would say that it was his. It had the same lightning, same carpet, same paint on the walls... but is wasn’t his. It was the other Tony’s. He walked into the kitchen and ran his hand across the quartz countertop. It felt just like the one In his own tower. Everything looked immaculate, someone must have cleaned it when the real owner had passed away.
“ Harder! Harder!” Tony pleaded.
Tony just smiled at her exuberant display.
“ But was the EMP really necessary?”
He made himself comfortable and accepted the coffee Natasha handed to him.
Play.”
“ How dare you touch our king...”
“ Again Stark, you don’t have to even do anything. You can be like a dead lay. Just lay back or bend over  and let them- ow! Damn it Nat! You don’t have to punch me.”
Tony looked up at Steve and cooed. Steve smiled down at him. He was just so damn precious. Bucky has no idea what he was missing.
“ Bucky, drop him.”
Tony gulped and grabbed Steve by the collar and pulled him forward to kiss him roughly.
The mechanical voice chuckled. “ Are you enjoying this darling?”
“ No. not someone romantic, but just a friend.”
“ You’re an omega” he said an awe.
“ Well, it happened when we got him earlier this week. Tony was able to disable that bomb Hydra strapped to him and then we took Tony out of his pen.” Bruce explained.
Tony panted softly as he felt Steve shift a bit and pulled his hair and began to mouth at his neck. Despite his playboy history, Tony knew he wouldn’t last long. Steve trusted a few more times and both came with a sigh. It wasn’t the epic and pornographic spectacle that was the norm of his playboy days, but it was fulfilling and sweet.
Tony grimaced, “ I really didn’t need to know that.”
“ I know I don’t, but what if I want to? And it won’t be anything invasive.”
Tony just shook his head and jumped in when the elevator doors opened. He quickly pressed the button to his floor and didn’t allow himself to relax until he reached his floor.
Peter sighed at the contact.
“ Well he said he wanted to reward me and I told him he didn’t have to but he was already on top of me then before I knew it he had my you know in his mouth?”
Bucky just grinned and leaned down to kiss her.
Tony looked up to him hopefully. Steve just smiled down at him and embraced him. It really was fine.
“ T-T-Tony.”
Them both Tony is currently keeping me company tonight. “ Do you want me to use that wording or that you are currently fucking him?”
Tony sighed. “ Yeah, just like that.”
“ Will that be a problem?”
Tony groaned exasperated as Clint’s cackle rang through the room.
“ Tony relax. Please. Just listen to me. If you don’t like what I have to say, I’ll let you go.”
“ It doesn’t bother me.”
The man smiled at him, “ My little Anthony .” He cooed as he carded a hand through his hair lovingly.
Peter gasped when he felt something prod at his entrance.
