"Sorry. I woke up early, and I didn't want you to be up for too long in pain, soldier boy," Cas said softly, his voice tender as he handed over the headache medicine to Dean with a glass of water. Soldier boy was Cas's nickname for Dean; Dean wanted to be in the military like his dad, and sometimes he acted like a soldier. Cas called him that when they were younger, and it just stuck.
His unit commander stared at him hard for a while, then said, "Let me hear the voicemail."
"And your weight?" Sam asked, raising an eyebrow.
Castiel and Anna had barely known her, too. She'd died when they were so young... Only six. Castiel had already skipped a grade, and she'd been so
Of course, Rufus would come in some days because some police car got banged up in a chase or had something wrong with it. Bobby would fix it for free- unless it was super expensive- and then Rufus would bring in beers for Bobby as a form of payment.
Dean was supposed to forget.
"Hello, Gabriel." Chuck's raspy, gentle voice came over the phone, and Gabe's heart twisted painfully. It had been a year since he'd heard that familiar voice that had comforted him after his mother's death, had soothed him and chased away the nightmares. He'd always been so understanding, never showing anger or disapproval. Disappointment, yes, if Gabriel was doing something wrong or wasn't living up to his full potential, but never disapproval. He was always there to comfort and love, even when he was drunk. He hadn't called in a year, and Gabriel was so grateful for this simple call.
"Um, I'm sorry too, Dirk," Barry murmured, genuine and honest. He'd been just as mean.
"What? No! Can't a guy go and enjoy a party?" Castiel replied defensively, annoyance clear in his tone as he looked up from his book.
"I guess I'll go," Benny agreed weakly, not really keen on such a crowded area. "Are you going, Dean?" Bela asked curiously, hoping secretly he would attend. Maybe they could have another round or two? He'd been so fun the first few times.
They ran through the rain, ducking their heads to avoid the water a bit. Cas climbed into the back as Dean got  in the front seat. Dean started the car, warming it up. Once all three were buckled in, Dean having to force Sam to buckle up, he drove them to school. Sammy was only a freshman, while Dean and Cas were seniors.
"What? That I am hopelessly infatuated with a guy, and I don't even know where he is, while he just sees me as a little kid?" Sam retorted, shoving past his friends to go to Kevin's room. He didn't need Kevin's family overhearing this horrible conversation.
Kevin made a puking sound. "You know I hate mustard," Kevin pleaded.
Raphael joined in a couple of times in the yelling, and Anna was surely hiding in her room upstairs. They'd probably already checked to see if she had a hangover. Castiel had walked in many-a-times to witness both of his youngest siblings sitting on that couch, getting screamed at. They'd reduced Anna to tears once from the pain, but they hadn't stopped for another two hours.
Castiel opened his eyes after a moment, reaching into his bag by his bed to dig out his phone. His thumb typed the numbers automatically without him even thinking about it. He pressed the call button and put the phone to his ear, praying this time he'd answer.
Dean had no excuse to cry. At least he hadn't been tortured with Cas being in danger like Dean was. He didn't have to imagine all the terrible ways Cas could get blown to bits. Dean didn't have to imagine Cas hating him for having feelings for him. Dean didn't have to suffer through everyone in his family being happy while he was in misery alone. That's the benefit of war zones. Some people may have someone they're fighting to get back to, but they're all equally miserable in that moment.
"Well, call her to see if she's okay. See when she'll be home." Chuck laid back down and covered his eyes with his hand.
Castiel only wished he could reach out to this beautiful soul and somehow teach it to love itself.
Gabriel was a coward, and he wanted Sam to see that, even though it hurt to let his own crush think that. Sam didn't deserve Gabriel or his shit. Gabriel was broken beyond repair, and Sam was so beautiful- inside and out- and deserved the best. Not Gabriel.
Castiel continued whining before Dean finally relented.
"Are we really getting Luci and Gabe back?" Anna asked, her voice soft and childlike with hope. She'd missed her brothers so desperately, despite how angry she had been with them for leaving, that she could hardly speak now, more tears threatening to fall.
When he did arrive home, it had been one of the worst experiences of Gabriel's life to get Amara ready to leave. They'd shoved her into the bathroom, refusing to let her out or have the alcohol until she'd changed. Once she did, they shoved some shoes on her as she'd drank from the bottle like an infant with their bottle of milk. Then, they'd had to drag her out and to the nearest bus station a block away, while she fought and stumbled the whole way.
Kevin trudged downstairs- quietly- and returned a moment later with the mustard. He put some in his hand, at Sam's direction, and Sam watched him eat it with satisfaction. Kevin nearly puked into his own trash can at the taste, but Sam didn't feel that bad. There might have been a smidgen of guilt, though.
"Winchester, you better have some good games to play!" Charlie, Dean's red-haired, fiery best girl friend yelled, walking into the house. She most likely would've slammed the door behind her, but since Ash, Jo, Bela, and Benny were following her, Benny quietly shut the door behind all five of them.
When Balthazar heard and saw nothing, he gave them a thumbs up.
Except Dean was gone, and he never called.
"Dad, dinner is ready if you want to eat," Castiel murmured quietly, softly.
Of course, everyone turned a blind eye to these new activities.
"You think I don't know where we are? I've memorized this place. When I still had a car, I drove by here almost daily. I kept asking myself what I was doing, telling myself I should just go and talk to him. I never did, but I checked up on you. I know the way to that house just as well as you boys do," Amara growled, and the boys' eyes widened as they exchanged glances.
It took months of therapy before they could even begin to heal.
"Good thing I'm selfish," Gabriel said, smirking, before launching himself at the moose. Sam let out a startled moan, Gabriel slanting his mouth against Sam's mouth as he practically devoured Sam. Sam's body hummed, goosebumps erupting all over his skin as his nerves jumped to life, feeling every touch with what felt like a hundred percent amplification. Everything felt so wonderful, Sam thought he might pass out from everything he was feeling.
Once the clock hit ten o'clock, Bobby had Dean go up to bed.
Castiel's family buried their bitterness and protective instincts for the sake of Castiel, knowing Dean would be the one to fix him. Dean and Sam made amends, congratulating each other for finding some shred of happiness. Gabriel left home to live with Sam. Sam finally went back to the home they'd shared with John after the two reconciled through a phone call. John hadn't been able to get away at the time, but he said he'd be checking in frequently.
Dirk barely noticed though, his head buried in his arms, hiding from the others. Sam wondered what his life was like at home. Barry had to deal with newly divorced parents fighting over custody and depression. What was Dirk's story? Everyone had one. Sam's and Dean's mom died when they were young and their dad spent more time away than with them. Castiel's mom died, his oldest brother chased out the second oldest, and the fourth oldest ran away. Jo's dad died halfway across the world, fighting in a war when she was only a baby. Andy and Ansem had no idea who their birth mother was. Kevin's dad died when he was young, leaving him with only a ring. Alex, Sheriff Jody Mills's adopted daughter, had no blood family left. Bobby's wife was gruesomely murdered, and no one knows who did it to this day.
With grumbling from Raphael, Michael started. "I'm sorry, Lucifer, for beating you up when I found out you were gay. I'm sorry, Gabriel, for making you feel afraid in your own home. I'm sorry, Balthazar, for beating you up if you sassed me and yelling in your face when you had headaches. I'm sorry, Anna, for yelling at you when you had headaches and making you be afraid as well. And I'm sorry, Castiel, for hitting you and yelling at you so much." Michael apologized, actually sounding sincere. Perhaps he hadn't known that what he'd done had been wrong.
"You'll be fine. This outfit makes you look even hotter than you already are. He's going to be drooling all over you, and he'll hardly be able to resist you. Just use those big hands for something useful and bat those big brown eyes." Jess winked, erupting into giggles with Kate as Sam's face flushed a cherry red. Lily and Jake rolled their eyes.
"Quit being ridiculous, all of you," Sam ordered coldly, shutting out their words and desperately trying to snuff out the candle of hope that their words lit in his chest.
Cas gripped Dean's shoulder tight, ripping him away from the girl.
Dean glared at Sam as he stood, tears threatening to cloud his eyes as he got up to follow his father.
When the clock hit that blessed time- eight o'clock- Sam's heart skipped a beat.
Cas could've sworn that he felt those painfully familiar arms wrap around his waist before he fell asleep.
"Get off me, you sentimental lug," Lucifer grumbled playfully, pushing Michael off of him. Michael laughed, and Cas frowned. Castiel wanted to be happy for his family, but all he could imagine was what Dean might be doing, what could have happened to him, what he might be doing if he hadn't left.
"I'm so sorry, Amara," Chuck murmured, letting all of his guilt and sadness shine in his voice.
"What? It's not like what I do effects them. It's not my fault our older brothers are control freaks," Balthazar defended himself, rubbing his temples more.
They went into their first class of the day, sitting next to each other as usual. A few jocks shouted out their greetings to Dean, while Cas got the greeting of some drama kids. Bobby had convinced Dean to go out for the football, wrestling, and baseball teams when he was a freshman- a good way to get out his aggression- while Cas had decided to express himself in a different way. Some of Dean's teammates had tried to crack jokes about Cas over the years, but Dean had put a stop to it. As the quarterback, he led the pack. They'd learned to fall in line and not step over the line he'd drawn.
"Dean, I'm sorry! Can't we just forget it happened?" Castiel begged, wishing that Dean would just let it go. Castiel didn't want to forget that night, but if it meant he got to keep Dean in his life, he'd do anything.
"Kinky," Gabriel muttered with a smirk as he did as told, opening the bag and shoving one of the suckers in his mouth. He moaned at the taste, having missed the taste of sugar on his tongue. But when you were living on your own and couldn't hold down a job, your only stream of money being what your dad could spare, you kind of had to cut back on something.
At lunch, Sam invited Dirk to sit with him. Barry had been surprisingly welcoming, Andy had just welcomed him with a smile, and Ansem followed Andy's lead, smiling awkwardly. Jake gave him a fist-bump, Kate smiled sweetly at the boy, and Lily greeted him nicely. Kevin had been awkward due to the fact he was unaware of this morning's developments, the others having at least heard about it through the gossip vines. Jess didn't acknowledge Dirk much, too busy glaring at Kevin for the events at the sleepover. She'd been unable to attend, along with Kate and Lily, due to the fact they were girls, but she had heard about it not too long after from Sam, and she was pissed at Kevin for Sam. The others hadn't heard about it yet, Andy not getting to spread the amazing news yet. He wanted to do it with everyone at the table- he forgot Dean would be there. With that plan sunk, Andy was almost sad.
"Sneak down the stairs and jump on Kevin's trampoline for five minutes," Andy said, and Barry's eyes widened. Kevin looked mortified. It was widely known that Kevin's parents were the lightest sleepers on earth, and if Barry woke them up, there would be hell to pay. Big time.
Castiel went to get up, wanting a drink of water, but Dean sensed the warmth emitted from Castiel recede from the bed and the mattress shift, and he whined subconsciously, reaching out blindly to where Castiel was. Castiel smiled, choosing to ignore his concern at Dean's separation anxiety for now, and climbed back into bed. Dean's arms wrapped around Cas on instinct, and Dean sighed contently.
Instead, he rushed into the house. A Golden Retriever met him at the door, wagging its tail and barking excitedly. Some other dog- Dean was pretty sure it was an Australian Shepard- joined the first in attacking Dean's legs, trying to get him to pet them or something.
Some scrawny kid was laying on it, a pair of underwear on his head, and only wearing a pair of gym shorts. He also had some sort of fabric material, maybe his shirt, wrapped around his wrists, tying them together. Kids laid around the whole backyard, some only inches away from laying in a pile of somebody's vomit. Dean had a feeling that if he looked at the roof, he's see a bunch of kids sleeping there too. A few kids floated in the pool, face up, sleeping away as they floated.
Why did Sam have to be the martyr? The pariah?
He'd said 'right now'. That meant that soon, Sam wouldn't be too young for him.
There was something wholly different about how Castiel looked upon him. It was like Dean was his savior, his hope, and his very life.
Every scenario Cas deemed to be most likely would end in his death tonight, whether anyone knew it or not. Cas could no longer take this life of hell. He simply wasn't strong enough. Not anymore.
"Why Gabe?" Balthazar asked, brow furrowed. He sounded not like he was asking why she hated their brother, but more why that specific one. Like he'd pick a different one to hate.
Once dinner was over, Dean helped Bobby with the dishes while Sam went to finish his homework. After cleaning the dishes, Bobby and Dean sat on the couch, talking. A bottle of beer was in Bobby's hand, Bobby drinking it slowly.
Dean really didn't want to think about what might've happened in that pool last night.
"They idolized your father- for good reason- and lost interest in me. Then I started acting out to get attention. That's when they thought I'd taint him. They hated me and made your father hate me, too. Everyone ignored me. I was tolerated, but I could feel their disdain. So I left," Amara told them honestly, shrugging by the end. Chuck's head was bent in shame at his weak nature as a child, having gone along with everything his parents had said. They'd made her out to be the villain, but really, she was the victim of emotional neglect.
They hadn't understood why their big, strong father was crying, or why Raphael glared at Lucifer so hatefully or why Lucifer was crying over the big box for an hour because
"God, my butt hurts," Cas groaned, and Dean nearly swallowed his tongue. Then, Cas turned over, eyes landing on Dean. Those cool, blue eyes pinned Dean there, nailing him to the wall.
"Dad," Both boys breathed, Amara too choked up to speak. The man hadn't changed much; he had a short beard that covered his chin with a connected mustache still, but now it was peppered with grey hair. Lucifer was a few inches taller than him now, but Gabriel stood about at the same height as their father.
Cas's nightmares persisted, and Castiel could only be soothed by Dean. The army, after hearing of Castiel's condition and codependency on Dean, decided to give Dean an honorable discharge. Dean was grateful, knowing he couldn't leave Castiel like this.
Charlie, Jo, Bela, and the rest of the gang would be meeting them at the party, and they'd all agreed to not watch each other tonight. Balthazar made Anna promise to actually have fun and not bother him, and Jo threatened to pulverize Ash if he tried to ruin her mojo.
Sam definitely didn't agree with his father there since he himself was gay.
He refused to call Sam either. He wouldn't answer his baby brother's calls. How could he? Sam outed him to John. Sam made his choice that night. He'd chose his precious boyfriend over Dean. He'd wanted to hurt their dad, but hurt Dean in the process. How could he forgive him for that?
Sure, when Dad returned home, Dean stayed home more on the weekends, thankfully, but he also became like a robot. All he did was what John told him, barely even hanging out with his friends. Only Dean waited in anticipation for the oldest Winchester's return. All of Dean's friends and even Bobby, Ellen, Jody, and Rufus- Bobby's old friend and a local police detective- hoped that John Winchester's stay at whatever base would be extended once again.
"How old do I have to be?" Sam was serious, desperate to know how much longer his wait would be for the golden-eyed beauty. Sam would wait an eternity if he had to, but he hoped it wouldn't be that long.
"I like you. A lot. As in, more than a friend," Sam confessed in a rush. Silence greeted him on the other end of the phone, and Sam felt tears burn his eyes. Barry still looked sympathetic, Andy definitely looked sympathetic, and Kevin was beginning to look guilty. Good. He just ruined Sam's life, so he should feel very guilty.
"Son, I can't just grant you emergency leave because your brother said your friend needed you," His unit commander said once Dean explained the situation and requested emergency leave.
"No, Dad, I'm not going back until Cas is okay! You might not approve, but I'm in love with him! I'm bisexual, okay, Dad? There's nothing you can do about it, and I don't care if you don't like it. I can't change, and I can't pretend that I don't love him." Dean wasn't backing down. He wasn't going to be his dad's perfect little soldier anymore.
"Get up! Where's your wallet?" Amara, their aunt, shouted, her eye twitching. Her voice was strangely clear, no sign of a slur. Perhaps that's why she sounded so agitated. She was remembering too much.
"I'll try, Samsquatch," he promised lightly, the call ending soon after. They'd already talked for an hour, Sammy locked in the bathroom of Kevin's house. Any longer, and his friends might think he was dead.
Gabriel Novak, the most perfect, sweetest, funniest, most handsome guy to ever exist, in love with little, scrawny, puny, nerdy, imperfect him? Sam? No way in Hell.
"What are you talking about, Samsquatch? By the way, you really fit the name now," Gabe said stiffly, obviously trying to distract Sam. Sam flushed red, but refused to let the conversation change.
And didn't that just break Cas's heart?
"Hey, you don't know. A lot could change in three years. Gabe might be in love with you by now," Kevin said, following his friend. Sam snorted.
"For what?" Sam asked, confused.
Anna. He'd thought we were going to be okay." Balthazar was on his second, drinking it in big gulps, while Anna was working on her third and very tipsy. Dean had decided that he wanted to feel numb, if only a little, and had poured himself a second and was drinking with abandon.
Of course, as soon as he'd agreed and gotten off the phone with Gabe, he'd texted Jess anxiously about it.
After Sam told the kid to stop, the rest stopped too, all sending him confused looks. After class, Dirk was slow to collect his things, and Barry and Sam matched his pace. Well, Sam did. Barry quickly packed his things and waited for Sam.
These are the times that reminded Castiel why he never requested a cat for his birthday.
Despite the base's ample space, he felt as if the walls were closing in on him. It didn't help that he never had a moment's peace. Every moment he didn't have duties to attend to, there was always some woman waiting for him in his private quarters. At first, it had been a bit awkward, knowing that John had sent them. Then, it had been kind of pleasant. Always having some unnamed woman that he could forget his troubles with. Now, it was suffocating once again.
Gabriel had to remind himself again that it wasn't his father's fault. He hadn't even been home at the time. But it still stung. It still hurt how absent their dad had been, even if it was so he could feed them and pay for their colleges.
"What? No, why would I want that?" Cas asked, shocked and confused. Dean wasn't his property. Dean could kiss whoever he wanted. Castiel had no say in such matters. It wasn't like Castiel was in love with him, either! No, Cas was just...worried about losing his friend to this random girl.
When he reached Gabe's neck, he stopped moving up, instead choosing to pull Gabe's shirt completely off and start kissing his neck and throat as he took off his own shirt. When they were both shirtless he leaned back on his knees, looking at all the hickeys he'd left over Gabe's body. He'd had five years to fantasize about what he would do when he got Gabriel into his bed, and he was just getting started.
He was starting to
"Do you know why he ran off?" Sam had a moment of hesitation before answering.
Michael's fist pulled back, ready to let the first punch fly, when Chuck stumbled down the stairs. "Michael! Put your brother down
"Because I outed him to our dad," Sam said, his throat constricting dangerously.
Dean sat the three glasses down, taking the bottle from Balthazar and pouring some in for the three. Dean spent a good portion of his time with these two, as Balthazar was Dean's age. The only reason Dean knew Cas so well was because Cas skipped a grade when he was young. Anna stayed in the same grade, though she could've skipped if she had wanted to, so now she took courses that Dean, Castiel, and Balthazar were in. The three were pretty much his only friends, despite his popularity. Anna also seemed to be the only girl his own age unaffected by his charms half the time, which he was thankful for.
Gabriel also wanted to know about his family, but he wasn't sure what Sam would even know, and he was terrified to know. It could've gotten worse; one of his three youngest siblings could be being subjected to similar treatment to what Lucifer had endured, or one of them might be in bad health. For all Gabe knew, one of them had run off like he had.
Dean drove Cas home, dropping him off at the end of his driveway that currently had three cars in it. Castiel held in a groan. Michael and Raphael were home, and both wouldn't be pleased with Balthazar's hangover. Thankfully, Anna hadn't drank last night.
Dean woke up them, a broken sob choked in his throat, a sound finally emitting from his chest that was barely even attributable to humans.
What he found there was an abandoned house. It wasn't in disrepair exactly, but it looked as if it hadn't been lived in for a while. When he stepped in, he could smell dust and mildew. There were plates in the sink, and after a closer look, he realized they were the plates that he, John, and Sam had eaten off of four years ago. Everything from that night was imprinted on his brain. The chairs were exactly how they'd left them, kicked away from the table. Dean could almost see them standing there, arguing. He shook his head and left, realizing Sam must've left as soon as he could, and there was only one place he would've gone.
"No! We'll barely have enough to pay rent at the end of the month!" Gabriel said, his voice raising in anger and frustration. She might've taken Lucifer and Gabriel in when they need a place to stay, but she was throwing their money away. It wasn't her money to spend, but she never seemed to care.
Or, at least, their small corner of the world.
"I have a boyfriend. I'm gay," Sam said slower, more deliberately. Sam wasn't backing down- no more hiding.
Castiel crawled into his bed, one hand sliding under the pillow to touch the picture. Cas laid his head on his pillow, letting his comforter envelope him as he shut his eyes tightly, gently brushing his thumb over the picture.
One of the mattresses was in the pool.
"Call your pack off," Gabriel said jokingly, petting the dogs loving as he got down to their level so they could equally cover his face in their slobber.
Castiel made dinner around eight and got his brothers first before going to wake up their father with headache medicine and a glass of water.
Were his parents unhappily married? Abusive parent? Dead parent? Absent parent? Horrible sibling or siblings? No parents? Was he a foster kid? The possibilities were endless, and Sam wished he could comfort the other boy.
"I don't blame you, baby brother. You were a naive child. I blame those
Sugar, unfortunately, couldn't sustain Gabriel's body, so it had to get cut.
A month had come and passed, their routine the same as always. Wake up, go to school, go to the auto shop, Castiel helps Sam finish his homework, and they go home. Dean would always finish his once they got home, staying up late to do it.
"Okay," Castiel agreed, leaving his dad's room quietly.
Sam lumbered out of the door, and Deam followed suit, thanking Mrs. Tran on the way out. Sam threw his bag in the backseat, curling up in the front seat and closing his eyes. Dean quietly got into the driver's seat. He started the car, Baby purring to life under his skilled hands.
"Son, I want you and Lucifer to come home." When Gabriel made a sound of protest, Chuck immediately cut him off. "I know they've done horrible things to both of you, but I promise that it all stops now. They won't hurt you. I just want you both
"He's a hopeless drunk! He's about as useful as a cat! Oh, I'm sorry, the cat would actually be there for us more than he is!" Raphael screamed in reply, and then Castiel heard a lot of crashes and bangs.
"What are you doing? I can't take these, they're your favorite!" Gabe exclaimed, trying to give them back. Sam just shoved them harder into Gabe's chest.
"Can't you just hold off? You have a shift tonight, and they said if you showed up one more day drunk, they'd fire you," Gabriel grumbled. Lucifer's bed was empty, probably already out at his job at the grocery store nearby. It was luckily within walking distance, and while the showers may be cold at the motel, they still got the job done.
Benny and Dean stayed together, trying to drink each other under the table, but Benny saw some cute girl he liked and ran after her, eager to flirt with her. Dean decided to go search out some fun and found himself at the pool, jumping in. A few others followed suit, and Dean smiled towards Cas when his head broke the water. Castiel was staring at him and smiling, and Dean felt his insides go gooey.
, Castiel wasn't sure. It could be just the surgeries, the ones he lost on the table, or what- who- he missed most. Their mother.
"No! I need a drink, please," Amara almost begged, but it still sounded like a demand.
"I really don't want to do this, Sam," Barry whined after learning the plan, already knowing he'd get beat up or thrown in a trash can for telling someone off about 'Dirk the jerk'.
Gabriel laid in his crappy motel room for hours that night, not getting any more sleep after Sam's call. His mind kept running over what happened, of what could happen, and all the possibilities of the future. He could remember the night before he left like it was yesterday. He'd been planning it for weeks, had missed several wonderful opportunities for his escape, but something- someone- held me back. That snot-nosed brat, Dean's little brother.
Rufus, Jody, and Ellen helped the boys out when Bobby couldn't, and used to give the boys rides over to Bobby's auto-shop when Dean couldn't drive the Impala yet. Now Dean would drive Sam, Cas, and him over to the auto-shop. Cas typically would help Sam with his homework so Sam could join in helping with the cars sooner. Castiel was usually just content to watch them fix the cars, since Cas knew basically nothing about cars.
"Sam Winchester, you are one of the best people I've ever known. You deserve so much better than the likes of me," Gabriel said solemnly, gazing into the eyes of said boy.
"Well, let's go inside then," Dean said excitedly, rubbing his hands together with glee. He couldn't wait to get drunk and pick up some girl. It was the perfect stress-reliever to Dean. He probably wouldn't remember her name in the morning, and she wouldn't remember his. They'd part ways as strangers, maybe exchange numbers for future romps if the night went well- or at least what they could remember. They didn't expect anything of him, and he didn't expect anything of them.
Bobby might be a grumpy old cuss, but he respected other people's privacy.
"What? She was getting too clingy and needed a reminder that I am a free man," Dean shot back, eyebrows furrowing in annoyance. Cas rolled his eyes, moving past his friend. Dean hurried after him, not wanting to linger around the hostile female and her friends.
"Kevin, truth or dare?" Sammy's voice sounded almost angry at his friend. Kevin finally calmed his laughter enough to answer.
Then, he realized. She wasn't one of his father's girls.
Dean was up before the crack of dawn the next morning, his legs tangled up in the sheets and his arms wound around a plush waist. Lisa- he'd discovered that was the journalist's name before their second round- and she groaned as soon as he began shifting to get up.
"What? That's crazy, I'm not gay!" Dean replied, laughing it off.
"Okay, Sammich. What do ya wanna talk about?" Gabe chuckled, and Sam heard how amused he was. Wow, Gabe wasn't making this any easier on Sam. But why would he? It wasn't like he knew what was going to happen.
Castiel cuddled deeper into Dean's chest, breathing in his scent, before joining Dean in slumber.
"What? These clothes are comfy and broken in! And yes, Sam, I found a place," Gabriel retorted, putting up walls as quickly as possible.
"So can we all be friends?" Sam asked, sending a friendly smile to Dirk. Dirk nodded, smiling back slightly. Then his smile fell, looking to Barry with hope. Barry nodded tentatively, and Dirk smiled again.
"Everything was just so
But he couldn't be with Dean. Not even for a moment. Dean was straight and Castiel's family... had issues. No, they couldn't be together, and Castiel was content with being friends. He didn't want to ruin their bond. They'd been best friends since Dean moved in, almost instantly forming a profound bond, and hadn't spent a day apart ever since. Castiel wouldn't lose his best friend.
Castiel was against the wall, obediently staying at Anna side as she'd asked, his eyes tracking Dean's movements instead of Balthazar's, who Anna was tracking like a hawk. A few guys tried to talk to Anna, but she shooed even the most persistent ones away. Some continued coming back, though, and Castiel thought he might rip them limb from limb if they got too handsy, which they were dangerous close to doing as one of her suitors trailed his hand up her arm, which she jerked away from quickly.
"Who is it, Lucifer?" Dean heard an even deeper voice and then Michael appeared in the front hallway as Lucifer slammed the door closed with his free hand.
Castiel helped Anna up to her room and fell asleep as soon as his head it the pillow.
It took him about three hours to drive to Sioux Falls, and he headed straight to his childhood home.
Cas fucking
Dean peeled out of the salvage yard, driving the familiar path to the Novak-Shurley household as fast as possible. He slowed down at the familiar police spots, but otherwise drove well above the speed limit. When he drove down that familiar street, memories were playing through his head. Dean and Cas running down the street, laughing and playing as Anna and Sam ran after them, screaming about something their brothers had done. Dean and Cas trying to outrun the cars that passed them. The boys camping in the front yard of Cas's house.
"Dare," Barry murmured after a moment of thought, feeling more daring than he'd ever felt in his life.
"You know, darling, you catch more bees with honey than vinegar," Crowley growled mock-politely, and Ellen narrowed her eyes. Crowley scurried deeper into the kitchen to cook.
"Gabe, I'm not ashamed of you! I'm just... Not ready to lose my dad like that, you know?" Sam asked, trying to get Gabriel to see his point. He didn't think it was very fair of Gabriel to expect him to ruin his family life when Gabriel had run away from this very same issue years ago. Hell, Dean had run away from it too just last year! So why did everyone expect Sam to rebel? To stand up for himself instead of cowering and hiding like they did?
"Uh, come in." Sam said, moving out of the way so Gabriel could come through the door. Gabriel did, and Sam's eyes were attracted to the sight of Gabriel's firm ass that was encased in a ratty pair of jeans. Sam's brow furrowed, now analyzing the clothes Gabriel wore. They were old and worn, the jeans fading as the material thinned on his knees. The shirt was small, too small for Gabriel, and rode up a bit every time he walked. While Sam loved the sneak peak of the older boy's stomach, he didn't like the state of his clothing.
Dean was wrong, though, because Dean was
Within the next forty-eight hours, Dean was back in the states- in South Dakota, in fact- and headed home. He had some car rental that really made him miss his baby, his Impala. The flight had seemed endless, with about four stops at different airports along the way. He'd almost missed his flight a couple of times, but he'd made it. It was the most anxiously flight he'd ever been on- not that flying was one of Dean's favorite things, anyway. He hated heights, but he'd endure it for Sam and Castiel.
Ellen was also commonly found teaching Bobby recipes to cook, the man having no culinary skills. Before he'd gained two boys to raise, he'd commonly had takeout or lived off whatever the stubborn mother brought him. Ellen had always thought Bobby should take better care of himself. Sometimes Jody, the local Sheriff, would bring him something too, but she had a family to worry about.
"Now, I need to straighten some things out with all of you. There will be no more beating each other up. If you go out with friends or to someone else's house, I will be notified. No more sneaking out. Also, no one in this house will be discriminated against by anyone else for who they are attracted to. No one administers any punishments but me. Do I make myself clear?" Chuck said, his voice stern and commanding.
Dean swore that Ansem was a possessive girlfriend rather than Andy's twin brother.
"I kinda already knew that, Samsquatch." Gabe chuckled again, and Sam could feel himself deflate. If he already knew Sam liked him, and he felt the same way, he would have said something. Hinted that he felt the same.
Sam's hair, which had slowly been growing out, now fell in his eyes, almost creating a curtain if he lowered his head a bit. It was great for the gangly teenage boy who hated making eye contact.
"Seen anyone we know?" Dean asked.
This wasn't one of those nights.
"What's obvious? What happened?" Jo asked, confused, looking between Bela and Dean now.
"If you hadn't of done that, we could still contact him and tell him how bad Cas is!" Gabriel shouted, getting in his boyfriend's face. Sam recoiled, grief and fear in his eyes. He'd never seen Gabriel so angry.
"Nothing can never not be fixed, Sam. You just gotta work for it." Bobby left it at that, going instead to make the two dinner. If this was something Sam truly cared about- and Bobby
to him. Nothing like the mustard.
Dean watched Cas walk up his sidewalk until he reached the door, going inside his home before Dean peeled away from the side of the road. Dean began driving to Kevin's house, remembering the way easily. He parked in the driveway, walking to the door of the home. It was fifteen minutes until eight, and the boys probably were just finished up a good breakfast.
"Well, that was entertaining," Bela said, and the rest of the table glared.
"I should have explained... I should have stood up to my brothers and I shouldn't have left you. I shouldn't have left any of you. I was just so scared. They're my family, and I love them... But they're messed up. They're twisted and broken and splintered." Guilt flooding Gabriel's eyes as he averted them, too afraid to look and see the disappointment in Sam's eyes.
"No, I can't just forget, Castiel! It happened, and it can't happen again. The best way I can ensure that is to stay clear the hell away from you." Dean said gruffly, his gaze accusingly on Castiel, as if the smaller boy had caused the events at the party.
Lucifer had walked the few blocks home, Gabriel waiting anxiously and paving the room. Amara was laying quietly in her bed under the covers, wrapped in a robe, drinking a bottle of booze that had been hidden somewhere by one of the boys ages ago.
But he heard how sad Sam was, and he never wanted a frown to be on the boy's sweet face. He wanted him always smiling, always happy. He couldn't let Sam be sad for even a moment, especially if he was the cause. So, he told him what would make him happy- what was completely true but so wrong to tell him.
He'd also paid them to never tell John that when he was with them, he would moan Castiel's name.
"Ex," Sam said miserably, dragging himself up as if he had a massive hangover.
, or if it was when Cas was mounting an army to storm Heaven and defeat Metatron- but it was staring him in the face now, just as Hester stared at Dean with hate in her eyes.
He refused to leave Cas's house without him. Castiel was elated at the change in Dean's behavior, and they fell into step as if the friends had never been parted. If Castiel clung to Dean a bit too tightly, Dean never uttered a word. If Dean seemed a bit more overprotective, no one else pointed it out. They needed this.
After a quick call to Anna, which she didn't answer, he shot her a text asking when she'd be home. She never answered, but snuck back into her room through her window around midnight, much to Michael's and Raphael's chagrin.
Castiel's eyes quickly wandered to the dance floor, finding Dean with ease, who was intensely making out with some blonde, his hands running through her hair, her body flushed to his, his mouth consuming hers in a ravenous kiss that had Castiel's blood boiling as he wanted to storm over their and rip them away from each other.
"What?" Gabe shouted, shocked Sam would do that to his brother.
Jess had quickly jumped into action, forming a plan. Dean wouldn't be home on a Friday night- hadn't been in years, unless John was home-  so Gabe would come to his house. Kevin got dragged into this plan by Jess reminding Kevin that he'd gotten Sam to reveal his feelings before he was ready, guilting their tan friend into helping. Barry wanted to help anyway, Sam having helped him through more rough patches than either could count. Jake wouldn't miss the opportunity to see the Winchester looking nervous, Lily was convinced by her sweet girlfriend, and Andy wanted Sam to be happy. Ansem was dragged in by Andy.
"Kill me." Dean groaned when he woke up with a killer migraine and felt like death.
His angry haze was broken by Anna grabbing his wrist and dragging him closer to Dean, making him shocked and confused and worried. Until he saw Balthazar shoving his tongue down some guy's throat.
"My parents ignored me, and I couldn't take it anymore," Amara admitted, her voice tight even after years of time to come to terms with it. The children winced; sure, Chuck never explicitly ignored them, but sometimes it felt a bit like that. Especially the month after their mother died, the month after Lucifer ran off, and the month after Gabriel ran off. The bitter, sad feeling still housed itself in their hearts, years later. It was a horrible, but bearable feeling. Like a dull ache that never went away and became a sharp, unbearable feeling when they thought about it too long.
"I have a boyfriend," Sam said hurriedly, needing to get it out before he chickened out. John stared for a moment, mind processing this new information. Dean choked on his food, having to spit it back onto his plate. Sure, he'd suspected it from the weekly phone calls to Sam, but he'd never expected Sam to tell John.
Gabe would be by his side the entire time.
. He was chased out by his oldest brother, ridiculed and taunted. Castiel never gave him the full story, never explained the whole situation to him. Dean was allowed to comfort him, to hold him and tell him it would all be okay, but he couldn't ask questions. Questions had just made him cry harder, to fight Dean's hold. Cas never answered, and Dean didn't want him to if he would just be
The phone was ringing.
They took Cas's car, but Dean drove, Cas sat shotgun while his siblings got the back. Balthazar had heard about this party weeks ago- some guys who just got out of college rented out a house nearby and to celebrate were throwing a massive party that included a huge in-ground pool, alcohol, probably some drugs, and really hot people. All the makings of one hell of a party. Plus the fact that it's a two-story house made it ten times better.
The two soon moved to the bed, Dean's mind only focusing on her dark hair and soft skin, wishing someone else was in his bed; however, he did force himself not to moan Castiel's name so that he didn't offend her.
Benny and Ash sat with Balthazar on the floor, nodding their heads in greetings. Castiel was on the other side of Dean, the only other seat in the room, leaving the three to the floor. They didn't mind, though, the carpeted floor being quite comfortable.
Gabriel swallowed passed the lump in his throat. "He wants to see you."
because there wasn't any possible way that Cas could love him just as
This was the school Dean's been at the longest by far- a whole seven years. When he was growing up, he lived in Kansas, but after his mom died, they began moving around a lot. He was about eight, in third grade, and until sixth grade, they moved around at least four times a year.
Cas's mouth hung open slightly, his own memories assailing him. Then, Dean ran out of the room. He flew down the stairs, his feet barely touching the ground. He couldn't breathe in this house. He wasn't gay, and this was too much for him.
The group headed in, almost immediately getting squished together as they tried to jam themselves into the house. The place was packed, the air thrumming with music as the crowd swayed and danced to the music.
The only problem is that he can't.
"I'm gonna go grab myself some food," Cas said, abandoning Dean at the lunch table with the nine freshmen. Some football players came over, talking to Dean and Jake- the kid was a damn good athlete- about the big game or something, but Sammy ignored it. His attention had been caught by something across the lunch room.
But she didn't know the most important piece.
. He wanted Castiel to
"Hey!" Lisa exclaimed, offended.
"Dean here just added someone new to his list of conquests. Castiel," Bela revealed, smirking. Everyone looked at Dean, shocked.
"Okay, this can't go on," Lucifer mumbled, all of the siblings spying on their brother from the kitchen.
"Now, Michael, Raphael, I want you both to apologize to all of your siblings individually," Chuck ordered once he'd been satisfied that all his children had agreed.
!" Chuck growled. Michael froze as Raphael sneered. The whimpering stopped in the kitchen. Castiel stopped breathing for a moment.
Sam grinned, agreeing to meet Barry at a specified location on Monday before school began to go over the plan to make friends with Dirk. Barry still thought Sam was insane, but that didn't perturb Sam's plan much.
For their part, Dean took up managing Bobby's shop full time, and when Bobby chose to join Rufus in retirement, he took over completely. Castiel became a doctor, and he got to save people every day. The two tied the knot after Castiel's graduation, and soon they met a woman, Amelia, who was willing to act as their surrogate. Soon, they had a little girl named Claire, and the beautiful little girl grew up healthy and happy with a mommy and two daddies. Alex and Claire were close in age, becoming close friends when they met.
Dean got up and got some glasses, knowing Cas wouldn't partake and would disapprove of Anna drinking, but Anna still would. Anna was the older twin by twelve minutes, and she'd constantly remind him of that if he tried to influence how she acted.
He realized, with startling clarity, that if he asked, Castiel would answer him. He'd tell him anything Dean wanted to know because it was Dean. All the times Sam would call with no answer- but all Dean needed to do was say the word and Cas was there- shone in new light. Their profound bond wasn't some abnormal thing- it was love.
Balthazar took two, thankful for the reprieve from the pounding in his head, even if it just became manageable.
Lunch was soon over, and the day continued much the same. Dean drove Sam home, where they found their father's car sitting in the driveway. Dean almost wept with joy at seeing it, while Sam was filled with dread.
"Again- not a guy looking for fun." Dean chuckled.
The friends grinned, coming out from under their hiding places. "You love us," Andy replied, his eyes twinkling with mirth. Barry glared at him before chuckling just a bit. Kevin still looked like Satan himself might come and get him in the form of his ferocious mother.
Gabriel didn't think he'd ever move on from Sam.
He imagined the boy he'd left behind now, three years later, and how different he must look.
Maybe it had.
"Call Gabriel and confess your feelings for him," Kevin said, and Sam's heart stopped.
The smell was due to his aunt and the motel room that he, Lucifer, and their aunt shared. They lived in a bug-infested, wall-stained motel room that only had two beds and a couch. They lived in one of the worse neighborhoods of a city only thirty miles away from his hometown. The ache in his back was due to the horrible couch he slept on.
Had he gotten taller? Last he knew, Sammy was about at Dean's chest. Had he grown? He'd been short compared to Gabriel- a rare thing in Gabriel's life, considering how short he was- when Gabe had left, but perhaps Sam had hit a major growth spurt? He'd only called Sam Samsquatch because he'd wanted Sam to feel better about how short he was, but maybe that had changed.
"Sometimes I wonder about you, Balthazar," Cas muttered, sitting on the couch next to his blonde brother. The clock read that it was noon. He should make his siblings some lunch.
"When do you think they'll get together?" Sam asked curiously, looking over to his brother and his brother's best friend.
to be away.
He opened his arms, staying in place, and the desperation for one of his hugs overwhelmed her almost instantly, and she lunged at him. He wrapped her up in a hug, Amara burying her head in his chest as she just breathed in his scent.
Castiel had gotten Sam a puppy as a Christmas present after Dean left, feeling responsible for Dean leaving. Sam had been excited to have the puppy- a Golden Retriever he named Bones. Of course, since John was gone again, it was fine to keep the puppy at his house, but when John came back, Bobby agreed to take the pup. John was gone, off helping Dean train at bootcamp.
"What?" Charlie asked, confused also.
"I need to know you're safe- that you're alive," Castiel voiced his worries with a heavy heart, wishing he'd never gone to that party, never gotten drunk, never ruined everything he and Dean had for one wonderful night. This was torture. Not seeing Dean was torture. Not being able to hug Dean was torture- to have a conversation with him without having to imagine it.
Dean. Hear Dean talk to him, comment on something. At first it had only happened once or twice, few and far between. But it had slowly grown in intensity and frequency.
The two took up residence once more against the wall, watching their respective charges with Ash, who soon joined them. They caught a glimpse of Bela stumbling up the stairs, tugging along some handsome guy who was eagerly following. She caught Castiel's gaze and sent him a wink before disappearing from view.
"Uh, Sam, have you ever... masturbated to Gabe?" Barry asked, stumbling through the sentence awkwardly. Kevin was smirking triumphantly, and Sam couldn't help but glare at his darker-skinned friend.
"Nope. Not a soul," Bela said, analyzing her nails.
"Come here and see for yourself," Dean said, holding out his arms. Cas hesitantly stood, treading over to Dean like a child sneaking out of their room after bedtime. Dean smiled encouragingly, waiting patiently. Once Cas was at arm's length, he reached out his own hand as if to touch his old best friend. The hand hesitated, floating midair, somewhere between the realm of comfort and solitude that he'd been living in and the unknown.
Sam chuckled and whistled, both dogs' ears perking. They ran over to their owner, Sam beckoning them inside. Gabe followed, sobering up as he remembered why he was here.
"Well, this time it was Cas," Dean replied coldly, turning away from his baby brother. Everyone stared, aghast. Dean was acting like a dick- to Sam. Sure, he was a dick all the time, but this was
Castiel ended the voicemail message, tears gently and silently falling down his cheeks.
Dean didn't remember this, though. It had been too painful for any human soul to be able to withstand the memories. Dean and Castiel had been as intimate as an Angel could possibly be with a human- on soul level- and Dean had no memory of it. At times there were hints of a memory, as if Dean's soul knew subconsciously why Castiel was imprinted upon it, but it was never all there. Castiel almost wished his beautiful disaster remembered this, if only to ease Dean's pain, but the risk was too great.
"I'm sorry, you know?" Gabriel said quietly, looking at his fingers as he picked at his nails.
Raphael was frustrated. He'd done everything his oldest brother had said to do to win his father over, and it had all been for nought. Chuck's disapproval stung. Watching his family be happy
Sam kissed back, his arms wrapping around Gabriel's waist and pulling him infinitely closer. Gabriel's fingers went into Sam's long locks, pulling slightly and making a moan erupt from somewhere deep in Sam's chest.
Once Barry began bouncing, Sam watched the clock, giving time signals to his friend while Andy desperately tried not to laugh. Once the five minutes was up, Barry went back inside, the boys rushing to close the window and resume cowering, pretending to sleep. When Barry was back in the room, he commenced muttering about how much he hated them all.
"So, it must be somethin' with that boyfriend of yours."
"Yep, across town. College party. The works," Balthazar said simply, and Bela full-on grinned.
Chuck couldn't blame them. He'd been a horrible father. Drunk all the time, working too much, and never knew what to say to them. What do you say to your children when they'd lost one parent already, and you were barely half a parent?
It had been three weeks. Three long, grueling weeks before he could dare make the call. Sam had been so confused and broken answering the phone, not recognizing the number. Gabriel, at first, had been so damn happy to hear that sweet voice. Before reprimanding Sam for answering a strange number. And Sam had yelled at him, refusing to forgive him for a while. But after profuse begging, Sam did forgive him.
Tonight waiting for him was a cute brunette woman with a button nose and hair that went just passed her shoulders. Her eyes were a warm shade of brown, and she blushed lightly when Dean smiled at her. Dean was shocked his father would pick a brunette, and Dean observed her for a moment. She didn't hold herself like any of the others, and she wasn't dressed like they had. She wore average clothing, as if she wasn't sure what this was about.
The gang carpooled to get to the party, Dean riding with the three siblings in their car in case some rowdy college kid did something to his Baby. Ash and Jo picked up Bela, Charlie, and Benny, following the Shurley car to the party.
Bobby and Dean tinkered with Baby a bit, her engine making a weird rattling noise. Hours came and went, Sam waking up some time after noon. Bobby made them all club sandwiches, complete with lettuce and tomato, and a side of chips. Sam did his homework, talking with Barry, Andy, Jess, Lily, Jake, and Kevin about it for hours so they could all check their answers. Andy would tell Ansem, and Kate wasn't in the same class.
. Cas could feel his heart beating in Dean's chest. It's rhythm was sporadic and fast, but there. Cas could tell it was missing a few beats, as if adrenaline was coursing through Dean's body.
But, as a result of their close friendship, he knew quite a bit of their family drama, and Dean felt like drinking on behalf of Chuck, Castiel's dad. As a brain surgeon, Chuck spends most of his nights away at the hospital for emergency surgeries, but he definitely tries with his children. He isn't like John, wanting to be away most of the time. Chuck is trying to make a living to provide for the five children still under his care, helping to fund two of them going to college and the other three to go in a year or two.
Kids were practically hanging out of the windows on the second floor, some having managed to climb onto the roof. Some drunken kids were climbing the house now, some of their friends standing at the bottom with a mattress as if that would break a twenty-plus foot fall.
"Cas... its bad, Dean. He's hallucinating. He doesn't even talk to his family. Just talks to what he imagines is you. He even tries to feed you. He has no perception of reality. You're the only one who could get through to him," Sam said, tears welling up in his eyes.
"Castiel. Come in," Michael said, his voice calm but deadly. Balthazar gulped. Anna clutched Cas's arm in her hands, cowering just behind her younger twin.
All the children turned to the mysterious woman, curious. "Why did you run away?" Balthazar was trying to be as polite as possible. Even Lucifer and Gabriel didn't know, and they'd spent years with her.
Sam might love his father, but he hated some of the man's ideals and thoughts on the world. Their father didn't approve of gays- some would go as far as to say he hated them. He'd made his opinion about them known to his sons since they were little boys.
Soon, Dean's sobbing quieted, the nightmare finally melting away. Exhaustion ate away at Dean. Within a moment, Dean's breathing evened out, his body becoming limp, Dean falling into a dreamless slumber finally.
"I wish they wouldn't drink," Chuck mumbled, barely audible above his two sons' screaming match upstairs. Chuck tried to ignore the fact they were talking about him, but it was difficult when they screamed it so that the neighbors could hear. In such a nice neighborhood, they were the family that everyone wondered how they got in.
Dean sat at the table, a glass of water and a fork next to the plate in front of him. Dean dug in, savoring the wonderful tastes in his mouth. Cas was a god at cooking when he did cook, and Dean couldn't wait for the next masterpiece he'd create. But, for now, Dean stuffed his face with this masterpiece.
"Hey, Cas! Get me that tool over there," Dean said, pointing to a tool Castiel couldn't recognize, his other hand still meddling with the engine. Cas did as instructed, coming into Dean's personal space to give him the tool and watch him work.
"Go and see him." The line went dead, and Dean was more relieved than ever.
Before too long, Bela was already back downstairs, flirting it up again with new guys. The only thing that gave away where'd she'd been was her slightly messier hair. Even her lipstick had been fixed, not a smudge in sight. Bela also got herself a refill of her strawberry margarita, enjoying the salt off the glass mixing with the sweet taste.
"Okay, son. I'll see what I can do if this is what you really want," John said cautiously, not expecting his son's enthusiasm. Sam just passed the threshold as Dean nodded eagerly. "Yes, sir. That'd be great." Dean smiled with relief.
Dean had been downright hostile towards Dirk until Sam had told him to cut it out. Castiel had smirked behind his sandwich, covering his amusement by eating while Anna, Balthazar, and Jo had started giggling over Sam snapping at his brother in defense of the ex-bully. Charlie had smiled proudly, Ash had given Sam a fist-bump, and Benny remained quiet, staring at the table. Bela had smirked with amusement.
"What? Castiel needs us right now, Gabriel," Anna hissed, grabbing his arm to stop him from leaving. Their other siblings had gathered in the doorway behind Anna, looking at Gabe quizzically and critically.
Every time he held them, he would imagine it was Castiel. Every time they touched him, he imagined their hands bigger and calloused. One time, John had made the oversight of bring in a short-haired woman, and he had clutched her hair and pretended it was Cas's. One girls' green eyes had flecks of blue that almost went unnoticed, but he'd seen them and had fucked her where the lights hit her eyes perfectly to cause them to appear blue. One girl was well-muscled, instead of the normal, soft girls, and he'd felt every part of her that reminded him of Castiel's body. One girl was the same height, and he'd just held her in his arms all night, tucking her into his body to where he could believe the head resting on his chest was his best friend instead of some stranger. He'd paid them all not to tell his father of his stranger behavior, knowing they probably reported these sorts of things to him, and they'd all complied.
"Hey, douchebag, why don't you just go and makeup with your boyfriend already?" Jess hissed in defense of Sam, irritated.
Dean ran home, not looking for cars as he ran across small streets on his way to get home faster, and rushed into his home and up the stairs. Sam was fast asleep, Gabriel having stayed very late last night, the two just talking for hours. He'd sleep for hours more, unaware of the crisis his brother was suffering from.
"Uh, bacon cheeseburger," Cas said, shuffling his feet awkwardly.
Castiel watched his friends and family all become happy with a smile on his face. He knew he and Dean wouldn't be happy forever, but that was fine.
Dean led the group through the house, all of them clutching someone in the group so they all didn't lose each other quite yet. Dean shoved some people out of the way and squeezed through others, his bigger body making enough room for the rest to get through.
Not the best day for this.
These moments of clarity when he could remember Dean leaving were so few though, and Castiel's family was beginning to get very, very worried. At first, they'd just believed him to be going through a phase of denial. But it was becoming painfully clear that this was no phase.
to, they could at least participate in sex safely.
"No, not yet. She went to a friend's," Cas said, biting his lip nervously.
Gabriel was pinned under the giant, Sam's huge body caging Gabriel in. Then, it clicked in Gabriel's head. Sam wasn't really a kid. Sure, he was under eighteen, but he wasn't the eleven-year-old kid that Gabe had left behind. He was nearly a man, and he was
Then, the tension dissipated, and he began to weep quietly. It was hard, watching this man who seemed so strong cry, but Lisa could tell he needed it. Everyone needed to cry at some point. "Go to him," Lisa whispered after a moment, and Dean nodded.
"That Sammy kid, most likely your brother Sam Winchester, said he was in pretty bad shape. Something about him hallucinating you, and you running out of there like a bat outta hell. So this Cas guy was probably the reason you got into the military. Most likely he betrayed you or something. It sounds like Cas wants to make amends, though. What I find interesting is your brother's words. 'I know you hate me.' Now, why would you hate your little brother? He'd said it so earnestly," Lisa said, voice trailing off. She knew some siblings didn't get along, but she'd never heard one say that the other hated them so sincerely. Her own sister had definitely been angry at her before, but hatred?
What Castiel didn't notice was that they all had blue eyes.
Michael's voice was easily heard from the floor above, but Cas hoped Anna couldn't hear him.
"Oh, Gabe. It's okay. We all are weak when it comes to our families. None of it is your fault. None of it," Sam said firmly, desperate to make Gabriel feel better.
Chuck's eyes landed on her, soft and loving. "Yes, dear. We're getting them back." Chuck swallowed, his own emotions almost drowning him. Anna ran to him, wrapping her arms around him as she clung to him, holding on to him tightly as sobs racked her body.
Sam had a moment of being frozen, then pulled away for a moment. His arms were wrapped around Gabriel, holding him close still. "Does this mean we are together again?" Sam eyes were shining with hope and anguish, and Gabriel wished he hadn't had to put it there. He wanted to make everything better, and he think he knew how.
"That's what you all say. But everyone keeps telling me you aren't here." Cas giggled, as if something about this was funny to him. Dean observed him for a moment, evaluating his old best friend and his strategy.
Now, Bobby was practically in love with the barkeep, but he refused to make a move. He spent most nights after work here, making conversation with her at the Roadhouse.
Lucifer soon met and fell in love with a man named Nick, who'd recently lost his wife and child. Nick was a bit broken, but Lucifer didn't mind helping him find all the missing pieces. Michael was wary at first of Lucifer's boyfriend, but soon grew fond of him himself. Raphael met a pretty girl who stole his heart and made him humble, while Michael met a smart girl that was willing to deal with Michael's mood swings.
Charlie was learning to be a computer and software engineer, and she said she wanted to work for the police as well. Something about it being fun to hack people legally. Benny had decided college wasn't for him, opting to be a bartender at some club near the university where all their friends were at. Bela promised him a job at her nightclub once she got an education.
. That's where they were going. Not to Dean, but to stop Balthazar from doing something stupid like always.
"Oh my God," Anna whispered with relief, her mouth going to cover her mouth as tears fell from her eyes. Balthazar looked relieved, as well, but just put an arm around his sister. The woman looked confused, as if she didn't know who he was either. Raphael looked angry, which was pretty fucking scary. Chuck looked happy- and surprisingly sober.
. Chuck's breath hitched. It was the first time any of his children had ever muttered those words. Chuck hadn't even known that any of his children knew about her. He'd hidden all the pictures, never spoken a word about her, and had tried not to even think about her in years. She'd run away when he was quite young, and she'd never tried to make contact since, and he hadn't sought her out, despite how much he missed her sometimes.
He'd talked to his boss, Fergus, who'd agreed easily. Both had a love-hate relationship. Lucifer was his best worker, but sometimes the sarcastic runaway just rubbed him the wrong way. Fergus let him go, understanding that family was the most important thing in life, even if you hated them sometimes. Sometimes the man regretted not having a good relationship with his own son, but he'd lost contact with the boy years ago.
Michael responded with exhaustion, rubbing his eyes.
And Dean loved Cas.
The two suffering from a hangover winced at Charlie's volume, and she had the decency to look apologetic as she flopped onto the couch next to Dean. He quickly started a new game to play with her, eager for a teammate who knew what they were doing. Jo and Bela sat with Anna on the couch, Bela crossing her legs in a very lady-like manner while Jo, in her jeans and plaid shirt, sat with her knees spread out and her elbows on her knees.
Of course, Lucifer had run away three years before Gabe. He hadn't been accepted to any college yet, and maybe that had been one of the reasons he'd run off. Gabriel had been a freshman, and Dean, Cas, and Balthazar had been going into eighth grade. Cas had cried then, too, and hadn't explained then either.
Castiel tried to pull his eyes away, but to no avail.
"Stop tickling me, Dean!" Cas gasped out, rolling around as if to shake off the imaginary arms that he must've thought were wound around his waist. Dean wanted to cry hearing his name uttered on Cas's lips, wanted to grab him and shake his shoulders and tell him that he was
As Dean drank his drink in one gulp, the party officially began for the group of friends.
Sam's heart rate picked up, his breathing accelerated, and his mind sped. He was panicking. He couldn't lose Gabriel. He had to do something, say something, to appease him. Gabriel got off the couch, ready to depart from the Winchester home and never return.
He'd been mad and sad all at once when he'd realized it. He'd been angry at Dean for hurting Castiel and not accepting his own sexuality, but he'd also been sad because he knew why Dean couldn't accept his own sexuality.
"Why do you think he's not answering your calls?" There it is. The dreaded question has been uttered. Sam has been avoiding it for years, and now he can't. He can't lie to Gabe anymore, pretending he doesn't know. He has to tell his boyfriend.
"No, no, you're just confused. He's just your friend. You're straight, Dean. You just haven't found the right-" Dean didn't let him finish the thought.
"Boy, what's got ya acting funny?" Bobby asked, retrieving a can of beer from the fridge. Sam stayed laying face down in his pillows, simply grunting in response. He didn't have the will to stir.
best friend's house! Then again, he understood why. Their father was home- his one day off this week- and was likely getting drunk while Raphael was home. Michael was at work. So, no wrestling match, but more yelling and screaming and whining than was ever imaginable, all from the third oldest.
He actually found that he enjoyed her, which was a thankful reprieve.
Bela refused to visit her parents, who she was currently filing charges against for abusing her all her life. They'd long suspected it, but makeup and some hardcore denial did wonders for hiding it. Her parents, they'd been told, were good at hitting her where the bruises wouldn't show. Sam, of course, egged her parents' house. Jo had threatened to kill them- to their face. Hell, Ash actually punched her father.
"So, Castiel, you slept with Dean Winchester?" Michael asked slowly, deliberately, an eyebrow raised toward Castiel. Cas swallowed hard. He should lie, but if they discovered the truth, the punishment would be worse for lying. They must've heard Anna's words. Castiel's grave had already been dug, the coffin made. Castiel's fate was sealed.
Dean was downstairs, too busy beating Castiel at a game of Mario Cart to really care what his brother was up to. Knowing the nerd, probably studying. Which happened to be what Castiel was trying to make Dean let him do.
No one deserves that kind of treatment, even a bully.
He'd always been able to see how infatuated Sam was with him, and he'd found it cute, so he'd let it go on. But, when he'd gone to leave, he couldn't imagine doing that to Sam. Hurting him like that. He'd written all sorts of notes for his family- Dad would receive one, telling him how sorry he was for running off and worrying him.
Gabriel deserved the finest silks that money could buy. He deserved the best clothes that could be found. He didn't deserve whatever he'd probably found on clearance for a dollar at a cheap store a year ago. Sam wanted to go out right now and buy the boy clothes, but refrained himself. Barely.
"I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to the man that is possibly the closest to one of our country's top generals. His son." Her voice was confident, holding her head up with a determined glint in her eyes.
"So, Sammich, how ya been? You definitely got taller," Gabriel said, throwing himself on the couch in the living room.
"No, Sammich... You're perfect in every way. But I'm a broken toy, and that's why I'm throwing myself out so you can get yourself a brand new, lovable toy that you'll adore and will adore you. I'm not the man you think I am, and you wouldn't like the real me," Gabriel said, smiling sadly at the boy he'd have to say goodbye to. His fingers brushed a piece of hair behind Sam's ear, but when he went to pull away, Sam gripped his hand tightly- not painfully, but he wasn't getting away.
Balthazar was sitting in the room, standing by the door and looking and listening for any sign of their brothers now. Chuck was in his room, asleep, but they weren't sure if their older brothers were home.
Dean remained in contact with Lisa, the reporter, who actually relocated to Sioux Falls eight, almost nine, years later. He met her son, Ben, and wondered if he was his. Lisa reassured him that Ben wasn't his, but Dean still took on the role of father figure for the young boy. Lisa met a doctor named Matt who was very receptive to the role of father, but Dean still remained a large part of Ben's and Lisa's lives.
Castiel could not be the source of his revulsion.
Castiel believed it was to forget. Now, forget
Seeing the indecision and slight nervousness on Sam's face, Gabriel smiled gently and put his hands on Sam's stomach, his fingers slowly trailing down until they reached the button of Sam's jeans. He unbuttoned them and unzipped them, and Sam seemed to get the message. He began helping, wiggling out of them as best he could. Eventually he had to roll off Gabe to fully get them off, and Gabe took the time to do the same. Their underwear was gone now, too, leaving no barriers between them except the thick air and their own feelings.
Sam ran his hands through his hair, turning from the door Gabe just exited. He caught a glimpse of the couch Gabriel had sat on, and, in a fit of rage, began punching the cushion as if it had just left him instead of Gabe.
"Yes, now tell me, dammit!" Dean's breathing was ragged, and Bones growled lowly before Sam's hand rested on his head, calming him. Riot just began hiding behind Bones, frightened of Dean.
Lisa watched him for a moment, watched him bustle around the room to get prepared for his shower, and quickly grabbed his phone to see who had called.
Dean quietly got up and strode from the room, returning with some migraine medicine. Anna quickly took four, drowning it down with a glass of water.
Sam, of course, was refusing to go.
"Denial. He and Cas had shared a night together, and Dean hightailed it out of here," Sam replied, biting the inside of his cheek.
Sam smiled happily, gently pressing his lips to Gabriel's. The kiss was sweet and innocent, only a gentle press of their lips to each other's. Gabriel's lips tingled at the touch, unused to such sweet behavior.
Sam's heart fluttered as his stomach sank. Those were the words people said if they were about to skip out on someone.
Castiel held Dean for a bit longer, then gently set him down on the bed again. Castiel was thankful Dean fell back asleep. He needed rest.
Of course, Ash might do the same, but only after having some of his own fun. Anna wouldn't
In fact, everything Dean had done had been scrutinized by his father. Nothing Dean did was ever done without his father's knowledge. It was beginning to be suffocating.
The first few nights, Castiel would wake up in a cold sweat, crying, believing that Dean had been another dream. On those nights, Dean would wake up and hold him close and promise him that he was never letting go.
All the while, Chuck would get blindingly drunk- but, if they happened to call him in for an emergency surgery (he was the best neurosurgeon in the area, after all) he would somehow, miraculously, get sober quickly and be able to operate. It's amazing how functional of a drunk their father really was.
"It's better to forget and get punished for it later than to remember all the time," Balthazar said solemnly before getting up and getting some liquor out of their dad's stash.
"You'll have to be eighteen," Gabriel said, biting his lip nervously. He couldn't believe he was doing this. Gabriel couldn't hate himself more right now. He was stealing any future Sam may have with someone else by giving him hope. Sam didn't even know what he wanted yet. He was just a little kid with a crush. He probably would start dating Gabe, only to realize that Gabe was the exact opposite of what he wanted.
"What the hell is wrong?" Lucifer growled, scowling.
"Really, that so? Where'd your dad go this time?" Gabriel asked, his throat tight. Sam sent him a strange look, but he didn't say anything about it. Gabriel was trying to focus on anything but Sam's last sentence, so he clung to the first while Sam tried desperately to get away from the topic of his father.
Every time Castiel would call, Dean had to force himself not to answer, to remember that this was for the best. That Castiel deserved someone who was good and whole, not some broken toy soldier that could never be fixed.
"I'm going to see Cas, Dad."
Dean couldn't agree with him more.
"Manageable," Balthazar muttered, rubbing his temples.
He didn't think anyone deserved to be saddled with him.
It was very much debated among the three youngest siblings why their father drank. They couldn't quite remember which came first- Lucifer leaving or the drinking progressing. He'd always drank; Balthazar believed that he does it just to relax. Anna thought he did it so he could ignore them better.
"Sam!" Dean yelled, trying to push through the dogs.
"Okay," Gabriel breathed, unable to deny those sweet, innocent hazel eyes.
Dean would buy him more badges from the store, and Bobby would struggle to sew them on, sticking his finger with the needle multiple times before finishing or calling Ellen, Jo's mother, to finish it. John was never the wiser.
"I'm going tonight, and that's final," Castiel growled, his voice deep and gravely, a shiver racing down Dean's spine like lightning.
Dean lifted his chin up as they walked in, while Cas fell into step behind him, his head somewhat hung low. It was easy to see who was the one in charge, but Cas had never minded. It was Dean's and Cas's personalities. Cas wasn't decisive- Dean was.
"Dean, we're best friends! I promise it won't happen again! Please, just... Don't push me away," Cas begged, taking a few steps closer. Dean instantly took a few steps back.
Gabe went further into the house, sitting on the couch in the living room. Sam followed, sitting as far from Gabriel as he could on the couch. The dogs jumped up next to them, curling up between the two boyfriends.
Dean was drinking a beer he'd received from Benny, who'd gone to the bar with Ash, and dancing with girls horribly. He had no sense of rhythm, almost stepping on some nice girl's toes, and basically just ended up letting girls dance on him. That seemed less dangerous for them.
"I'm so sick of that argument, Dad! You know, Mom would accept me. Mom would love Cas; she'd support me. She wouldn't keep trying to force women on me that I have no interest in. You know every time I was with them, I thought about Cas? I've never just been with them, and I never will be able to get over Cas. If you can't accept that, then I guess I'm not your son." Tears were in Dean's eyes as he finally admitted what he'd always wanted to say, but he didn't let them fall.
Dean started talking about how the guy had obviously not taken care of his car at all, but Castiel didn't understand what he was saying for two reasons. One- he didn't speak car. Two- he couldn't focus on anything but listening to Dean's voice that sent shivers down Cas's spine.
He spent the rest of the day lying around, wishing that Gabriel would come back and say that he regretted everything and that he loved Sam and how everything would be okay. But it wasn't and he wouldn't. Sam had messed up
are you?" Dean was shaking, and his voice cracked. The numbness was disappearing, leaving him vulnerable to the tsunami of emotions that always managed to drown him and shake his very core.
And the most miraculous part is that they'd all agreed. Dean guessed everyone must want to get laid tonight.
When Dean woke up, he wasn't fully sure what all had happened last night. His head was pounding, of course, but everything was kind of blurry from last night. His mind was foggy, but he felt a warm body next to him. He had no clue who it was though because Dean was laying naked on top of the comforter while the other person was lying beneath the sheets, with even her head covered.
After pulling in, he parked haphazardly and swung himself out of his car, slamming his car door shut and rushing up the porch steps. He banged on the old, thick door and waited anxiously. The barking started, and Gabe soon heard footsteps. The door opened, revealing Sam. "Gabe," Sam murmured, and the older boy lunged at him, wrapping his arms around the taller boy's neck, kissing him with abandon.
That thing hurt when it hit him soundly in the face.
Anna seemed to lose all her fight then, slumping into Dean's couch as if all the air had been let out of her.
Anna and Balthazar appeared in the doorway to the living room, both looking exhausted. Both threw themselves on the other living room couch, Anna shutting her eyes as Balthazar rubbed his eyes.
Castiel turned away from the living room, going upstairs to see his twin. Anna was in her bed, curled up under the covers, earbuds in her ears as she blasted whatever the loudest song was on her phone in her ears. This is what she did every time the boys would start yelling. She hated how angry it all sounded, how harsh they were, and so she hid from the noise and the fighting.
As Dean enters the school, he receives fierce glares from a hurt blonde- Amanda Heckerling. "I told you it was a bad idea," Cas grumbled, standing slightly behind Dean. A bouncy brunette- the girl Dean had cheated on Amanda with- smiled at Dean seductively, and he rolled his eyes.
Bobby came by some time later and found him lying on his couch, the lights off and the dogs whimpering. They knew something was wrong, and so did Bobby.
Castiel sighed as his two older brothers wrestled, Lucifer being the only brother that could possibly take on Michael. Michael was actually struggling to keep the upper hand in this fight, but at least this was just playing. It wasn't out of anger like it had been in the past with Raphael.
"Wait, Gabriel, you're dating Dean's little brother. Couldn't you ask him to call? Tell Dean what's going down?" Raphael asked, chiming in on the discussion.
. He didn't have a mother because of Lucifer- because of the first gay person he'd ever met. All they'd ever brought him was death and pain, so why would Chuck want to bring them back into his home? Yet Michael seemed to be anxious at the thought, but also with a spark of happiness that wasn't normal for him. Michael never showed happiness. Maybe this was a good thing. All Raphael could do, however, was replay his mother's funeral in his mind and remember that she was
"We all agree, but what are we supposed to do? I looked at his phone yesterday, and Dean is the only one he calls. For five years, Dean's ignored his calls. I doubt if we just call Dean that he'll answer
Castiel went to his room after that, studying more for that stupid test tomorrow. During the course of the day, Anna snuck out to go to a friend's house before anyone got home.
"Well, I would've left too. You know Gabe was the closest to Luci. He even gave him the nickname!" Balthazar replied, waving his hand around wildly. Dean just sat, listening. Cas looked like he wanted to shut his siblings up.
"We're not dating, dammit! I'm straight!" Dean yelled, catching the whole cafeteria's attention. Anna and Balthazar glared all the way across the huge room filled with hundreds upon hundreds of students while Cas never lifted his head. Bela saw the three siblings from across the room, then looked at Dean.
Fragments of last night's party floated back to him, piece by piece. He'd come to the party with his friends, kids already falling out of windows, and they'd all had a drink. Balthazar had joined the dance floor in the living room, already garnering female attention, as Anna warily watched him leave.
"Listen, Barry, no one'll mess with you. People are scared of me and of my older brother. If someone messes with you, they're messing with me, and, by extension, my brother. No one wants that, trust me. You'll be fine," Sam reassured his friend, knowing it was true. Only girls weren't scared of the Winchester boys, and Sam highly doubted a girl would throw Barry in a trash can- though they could. Barry was pretty scrawny.
When dinner rolled around, Bobby had made a delicious casserole and some garlic bread. The make-shift, hodgepodge family ate dinner quietly, Bobby talking shop with the boys. Bobby would tell them a problem with a car, and they'd guess at what the problem could mean and how to fix it.
But Sam couldn't just get a letter, could he? Of course he'd written one, but would it be enough? Gabriel left the note with Balthazar's, instructing him to give it to the youngest Winchester at the soonest possible convenience, but not to show Dean. Knowing Dean, he'd burn it. Then, Gabriel sneakily got Sam's number from Cas's phone and saved it in his, promising himself to call Sam whenever possible.
Sam didn't eat that night. He simply cried himself to sleep on the couch, the dogs sleeping on the ground nearby, gently whining and pawing at Sam to try to comfort him the whole night.
"I'm fine. My dad is going to be coming home in a few days, maybe a week... My brother is at a party right now with your youngest siblings. Cas usually doesn't go, and Anna only goes to watch over Balthazar. I think Castiel went to watch over Dean- I think they're gay for each other, but neither has made a move," Sam said, hoping Gabriel wouldn't ask anything about Sam's dad.
"Good, I love sleeping with- I mean meeting- new people." Balthazar chuckled at his own little joke, pretending to use the wrong word. Anna narrowed her eyes at him, and Dean would bet money that she'd give up on having fun half-way through the party in favor of looking out for her idiot brother.
Wait, no. That was wrong. He knew exactly why he'd said it.
"I-I thought that was what you wanted. I'm sorry." Michael's head hung in shame, and Raphael just stared, wide-eyed, at their father before nodding grudgingly in agreement to Chuck's demands. Chuck's eyes softened on Michael, knowing his son truly did think that had been what Chuck wanted from him. Anna and Balthazar came out of the kitchen, Anna's eyes red and puffy and Balthazar's eyes held tears as well, but he didn't let them fall as his throat constricted painfully with emotion.
Michael and Raphael got equally hateful letters about how they had driven him to running away, how they'd wrecked this family. Balthazar got a note telling him to take care of Cas and Anna and a detailed list of reasons why he was leaving that he couldn't tell anyone. Anna and Cas got letters apologizing profusely for leaving, but stating how he couldn't stay one minute longer.
Gabriel was about to continue yelling at her to stop, that they needed money to eat, when the motel phone rang. No one outside of Lucifer would call at this hour, so Gabriel automatically assumed the worst- Lucifer had lost his job or gotten in an accident and he was in the hospital.
Sam didn't think this could possibly get any worse.
"Bring her home to me... Please. Can you get here? Do you have a car?" Chuck asked desperately, willing to drive any distance if it meant he'd get his babies and sister back. He'd let six years pass without holding Lucifer in his arms, three years without hearing Gabriel's wonderful laugh or suffer one of his pranks. He'd prayed to whatever God was up there that his children would return to him, but they'd stayed away.
Then, in an act of bravery, Lucifer pushed the doorbell.
Lucifer had always been a shining star in school, living up to and even exceeding the expectations that the teachers had set based on Michael's success. Michael had been the golden boy in school, taking all sorts of advanced classes and maintaining his GPA- a 4.0. Lucifer had dreamed of becoming a doctor, and had been crushed when he had to give that up for one major reason: you had to finish high school to go to college.
"Count me in!" Charlie said excitedly, and Jo seconded her statement less enthusiastically.
"What, you gonna beat me up again, Winchester?" Dirk asked, sounding like he'd let Sam beat the snot out of him instead of putting up a fight.
A honk was heard, and a glance outside said that it was one of the locals with their old car. Bobby said he'd take it and had Sammy tag along, leaving Dean with the truck in front of him. Finally, after a moment, Dean peeled off his shirt, sick of the sticky material. Castiel's eyes nearly bugged out of his head, watching Dean's muscles bunch and work just under his deliciously tanned skin. It was even harder not to make a sound of appreciation as Dean's jeans hung low on his hips, showing off some of his boxers.
The endless cycle of violence would just continue from there.
"Hey Dean, it's me Sam. Listen, I know you hate me, and I know you never want to speak to me again, but dammit Dean, it's about Cas. He's started hallucinating you. He's been doing it for a while now, and he's getting worse. I know you ran out of here, desperate to never see us again, but this is Cas. He was your best friend before everything went down, and I know you still care about him. So hate me all you want, but come back. For Cas. He needs you." Sam cursed himself after he ended the voicemail, knowing he sounded as desperate and as stupid as he felt. But maybe that would get Dean to come back.
"What's there to talk about, Castiel? I don't want to talk!" Dean exclaimed, turning on his heels to face the blue-eyed boy. Cas winced, not liking the harsh sound of his full name on Dean's tongue.
Castiel was currently trying to feed 'Dean' pie.
Castiel decided if this was a vivid hallucination, he would kill himself tonight.
"You're back," Sam said dumbly, shocked. He honestly hadn't expected Dean to come back after he called. He'd stopped expecting anything from Dean.
Gave nodded, smiling at him lovingly, his thumb stroking Sam's cheek and went to run his fingers through the boy's hair. Sam smiled, going to kiss Gabe again. Gabriel kissed him back with relish, opening up to allow Sam into his mouth.
Dean had seen war. He'd seen his friends die in the line of duty, and had imagined it happening to him a couple of times. It hadn't affected him as much then, thinking about his own death, but now he had something to live for, someone depending on him.
His heart hurt so much that it had become numb.
Dean rang the doorbell, Kevin answering the door a moment later. "Sam, your brother is here!" Kevin called, moving away from the door so Dean could enter. Dean went in, standing in the entryway as he waited.
Amara wordlessly followed them now, not even lifting the bottle to her lips once more as they continued their journey. As they stood on the doorstep to Gabriel's and Lucifer's childhood home, Lucifer's finger ghosted over the doorbell, but never touched it.
"Well, I mean, it's obvious what happened," Bela stated, smirking just a bit.
"My phone, my life, not yours," Dean growled, putting the phone back down. Lisa took a leap of faith.
"So what happened?" Balthazar asked quietly, voice hushed. Anna unclamped her mouth, still looking quite guilty. Thunder boomed overhead, and lightning flashed outside.
Ash was telling Jo to be careful as they stood on the huge porch, waiting for Dean's group to arrive. As Dean neared, Jo looked relieved to escape the conversation with Ash as he tried to put condoms in her pocket. Of course Bela took a few, knowing she'd need them.
Then, he flipped them.
When his sons pulled away, Chuck allowed them space, his eyes looking past them and to his sister.
It was the first time Dean had heard it for himself, and he wanted to cry. It had been three years since he'd heard his brother's voice, and he sounded so different. He sounded grown up, and Dean was angry at himself for missing out on so much with the kid.
Now, he slept on the couch, and all three barely scraped by, even with all the money their father sent to both of them. He knew where they lived because one night two years ago, when Gabriel had really missed him, Gabriel had used their hotel phone to call him. Chuck had got it out of him where they were staying, and he'd been sending them money ever since.
"Our parents... They didn't understand her," Chuck tried, but failed, to explain further.
This was met with resistance, but at Cas's pleading looks, he'd relented.
The two brothers went to toss a baseball around, catching up on all the time they'd lost. Michael had quickly accepted Lucifer back into their lives, despite Lucifer's sexual orientation, and the rest of the family seemed to be meshing again. Raphael was still a bit callous with his siblings, but overall was becoming more accepting.
Not for the first time, Sam wondered if this was one of Gabe's pranks. How could such a beautiful person want anything to do with Sam? Sam was boring, studious, hated parties, barely had any friends, and was extremely inexperienced compared to Gabe.
Unfortunately, he was wrong.
He'd fallen asleep in the hopes that it would be a light sleep, only the comforting darkness to soothe him. Instead, his mind had turned into a battlefield all its own.
And of course no one talked about it, but all three of the youngest siblings knew that Chuck was sending money to his other two children. Chuck hid it well from Raphael and Michael though, both having condemned the second and fourth oldest children. Of course, no one talked about the two college funds, full of money and still receiving money from Chuck. Raphael probably would have blown through the cash already if he knew about it.
"I'm sorry your dad is never around and that I left and basically just everything bad that's happened to you, Sam," Gabriel said, looking up at Sam with those piercing, almost golden eyes that made Sam melt. "There's nothing for you to be sorry for, Gabe. You had to leave- for whatever reason- and the other stuff isn't your fault," Sam said, his hazel eyes soft on the boy he'd fallen in love with.
Once the screaming stopped, due to the fact Michael had to go do some stuff and dragged Raphael along, Cas quickly strode downstairs, bring headache medicine and a glass of water.
"Well, Lucifer didn't run away. He was kicked out, more or less. I understand why he ran and didn't look back. But Gabe? Gabe
"He wanted to
"Don't mention it, kid." Bobby threw a piece of meat to each dog, smiling as the dogs caught the morsels midair. Sam almost chuckled, but he couldn't get himself to.
Just then, a groan broke through the covers and stopped Dean from reliving his memories. The voice was oddly deep, but Dean didn't really think much about it. Dean turned towards the bed, curious to see who he'd slept with the night before.
Never let Jo's beauty trick you- she was the rowdiest and loudest and toughest one of them.
Their father's voice was firm. It didn't waver or have any trace of a slur. He meant business, and Michael looked shocked at the order. "But Father, he's
"It doesn't matter who I am. But, I've spoken to some of these women. They said that you were one of the best men they'd ever met, and you hadn't wanted them necessarily. Said you were waiting for someone back home," The reporter said, and Dean wanted to scream that this was his life. No one had a right to know so much about him. He wanted his life back, his privacy back. Why couldn't he just be left alone?
"I SWEAR TO GOD, I NEVER MISSED YOU!" Lucifer screamed as Michael wrestled him to the floor. Some things would never change in the Novak-Shurley household.
He didn't believe he deserved love.
"Sam, this is your virginity. You're going to have to give a more express answer than that."
Whenever a guy began getting a bit too forward with Jo, Ash would move away from the wall, ready to go and help her, before Jo would scare the guy off somehow. Then, he'd settle himself against the wall once more, content for the time being. Jo was like a baby sister to him, and he wanted to protect her, but he knew she could handle herself and wouldn't like someone defending her as if she were helpless. But, if she couldn't handle a situation, Ash wasn't afraid to step in and take a beating for her.
"He just broke up with me." Sam knew he looked like death, could hear the lifelessness in his voice, yet he made no effort to liven himself up. He had no reason to care anymore.
"No. I just wanted to say that I'm sorry for calling you 'Dirk the Jerk'. You don't deserve to be treated like how you treated Barry," Sam said, and at his last statement, Dirk flinched.
Gabe pulled away, not wanting to scare the boy he still loved. Gabe took a breath to calm himself, collecting his thoughts. He gathered his courage; it was time he took a stand.
"Little brother," She murmured.
"It's okay, Dean. You're alright. No one is here but you and me. We're all that matters right now. Come back to me, my Dean," Castiel murmured into Dean's soft hair, his voice a husky, soft, reassuring lull.
All that mattered now was that he and Sam were together, and that's how they would stay.
"Boys, get to your next class," Mr. Wyatt reminded lightly, smiling. All three boys scuttled out of the class, hurrying to their next classes. Sam was proud of himself. No one should get bullied, and Sam had corrected what he'd done. He wouldn't be able to sleep very well if he'd caused Dirk to be bullied like Barry had been. It wasn't fair or right, and Sam didn't want to be the cause of someone else's depression for any reason.
Michael had desperately tried to please his father ever since their mother had died. When he'd found out about Lucifer... He'd assumed that Chuck wouldn't want that- would hate Lucifer. So he'd chased his little brother- the brother he'd helped raise- off. Michael couldn't say he hated his little brother; no, he still loved Lucifer. He'd never stop loving his brother.
"I gotta go then. Someone's gotta look after her," Ash said with a silly grin, pointing his thump over his shoulder to Jo. Jo laughed and punched his shoulder, knowing she could take him and the majority of this room in a fight. Ash whined in pain, rubbing his shoulder and fake-pouting.
It had been weird at first, staying in one place so long, but eventually he got used to it and made friends like Cas. Cas and him had been through thick and thin, always having each other's backs. Some guys had liked to make fun of Cas, and when Dean had found out, he pummeled them. When things with Cas's family went to shit, Dean had comforted him and gotten his mind off of it.
"You're hopeless," Anna sighed, walking away and tugging Castiel along. Away from Dean.
Most nights, he found himself wishing he could forgive Sammy. He missed his little twerp of a brother. He missed their calls, missed Sammy's voice. He missed the brat- almost as much as he missed Castiel.
"I-I don't know..." Dean's words got caught in his throat once they stopped in front of Cas's room, Gabriel throwing the door open and shoving him in. Castiel was laying in his bed, and Dean thought he must've just heard a funny joke because Cas was giggling like he would when Dean would crack a joke that didn't get him full on laughing, but was still amusing. He didn't realize how wrong he was.
This was everything Gabe had ever wanted. All Sam had ever wanted, too.
- and going straight to get his revenge.
One glance over at Castiel washed away any worry over his relationship with Sam, replacing it with ten layers of worry for Cas.
"House salad with chicken and ranch for Sam, double bacon cheeseburger for me, Ash wants the same, and Bobby wants a bacon cheeseburger. Cas?" Dean said, turning to the slightly shorter, younger boy.
Sam rolled his eyes at Gabriel's teasing, but smirked amusedly. "You know you're the kinky one here. For all I know, you'd put chocolate syrup on your lover," Sam replied, chuckling.
Sam was waiting outside when Gabe pulled up, Bones by his side with his tail wagging. Bones ran up to the car when it stopped, immediately jumping on Gabriel and licking him once he got out of the car. Gabriel petted him, feeling the soft fur under his fingers. The Golden Retriever lightened his mood slightly, making a smile break across his face.
Dean continued on his way, winking at some girls as he went. A few glared, hearing the rumors about Dean's cheating. Some winked back, smiling seductively, hearing the same rumors. The rest smiled bashfully, shocked they were getting the boy's attention. Dean managed to get to class- unfortunately he shared it with Amanda.
"Dammit, Sam. You know I have the rule of no pets in here," Dean grumbled, shoving the keys in the ignition and turned the keys, hearing the engine roar to life, then mellow out to a purr.
"Count me in, man," Dean said, knowing Bobby wouldn't be here tonight. Saturday nights he spent at his own home, trusting the two boys not to get themselves killed. He also, for whatever reason, trusted Dean not to do anything
"Go ahead, Sam," John said, putting his own silverware down. Dean was watching Sam silently, still eating. Sam took a deep breath to calm his nerves, stilling his shaking hands. It was now or never.
"I'd adopt a stray animal," Charlie stated, grinning.
confessions were left floating around in their heads, weighing their hearts down and filling their chests with a pain most resembling heart burn, but it was only the weight of love left unsaid upon their chests.
"I-I'm sorry, son. Can you forgive me?" John Winchester's voice had gone soft, his voice scratchy as if he was trying not to cry, too.
He believed himself unworthy, tainted, a monster.
Dean was the only guy Castiel had ever been attracted to, so he wasn't gay. Just... he liked Dean.
They stayed like that for a while, not moving. Just breathing each other in and taking in the fact that they finally had each other back.
Every now and then, one of his old friends would call, but if they brought up Cas, he would just hang up. Jo had gone off to join the police academy- just like her old man. Ellen hadn't been too pleased, but nothing was gonna stop that spitfire. Ash was going to college to become a crime analyst, getting a bachelor's in criminal justice. He was going to school near the police academy Jo was at, most likely to keep her safe. Bela was doing her own thing, working as an escort for some high-end celebrities, getting a business degree. She wanted to own her own nightclub, apparently. She was getting enough money from those scumbag parents of hers, anyway. Dean wishes he could rip those assholes' lungs out.
"If you are playing a joke on me, now is the time to say it," John growled, and Sam just shook his head.
The phone was ringing and Sam was pretty sure he'd die as soon as Gabe answered.
Dean laughed at the idiots who were drunkenly risking their lives, then spotted an open bar on the patio. He went over, his friends following. Everyone took a alcoholic drink, Balthazar shoving some unknown drink into Anna's hand and then into Castiel's. Cas looked completely awkward holding the drink, as if he'd never held a cup before. It was kind of cute.
Dean wasn't sure when he figured it out- if it was when Cas was beating him within an inch of his life in some godforsaken alley to get Dean to
"Gabriel, I want to give my virginity to you." Sam's eyes were deadly serious, no hint of hesitation to be found. Gabe shivered at his full name on his tongue, it sounding like dirty words from Sam's gorgeous mouth, and observed him, trying to see if there was any possibility of Sam regretting this one day. When he found none, he smiled.
"I'm sorry." She moved closer, her hand resting on his shoulder to comfort him. Dean could feel her breath on his flesh, and when he looked at her hair all he could think about was Castiel's dark hair. He took a step closer to her, locking eyes with her. His eyes were asking if this was okay, if their proximity was okay. She nodded, and Dean reached out to touch her skin. She had soft skin like Castiel.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, and you'll do great on it without even trying." Dean wasn't paying much attention, his character picking up a shell. He threw it, hitting the character in front of him and taking first place easily. Dean smiled triumphantly, as if Cas hadn't thrown the game in favor of trying to convince Dean to let him study.
After stuffing Balthazar and Anna back in their car, he clambered into the driver's seat and drove them home as the responsible sibling. He hadn't really gotten much studying done, but after his older siblings' drunken conversation and Anna's outburst, he felt it was best to take the bottle and get them home. Bobby would've been at the house soon to start dinner, and he didn't want the older man seeing his siblings like this.
"How's class?" Dean asked, putting his elbows on the table casually. "Fine. English is the best now that Dirk isn't making fun of us," Sammy informed him, taking a huge bite of the sandwich Dean had made for him this morning. Barry grimaced at seeing Sam talk with his mouth full, but otherwise didn't say anything as he ate his generic lunch that he'd received in the lunch-line. Kevin rolled his eyes, eating the lunch his mom packed him quietly. Jess looked disgusted, but said nothing. Lily and Kate were staring at each other too much to notice, Jake was stuffing his face just as much, Andy was staring at his ex Tracey across the lunchroom, and Ansem was staring angrily at Tracey.
This was probably just the beginning of the yelling.
"Sam, he's the bully, not the bullied. He's just getting a taste of his own medicine," Barry replied, feeling irritated. They'd just gotten Dirk to stop making fun of them, and Sam wants to be nice to him?
"Dad... We met Aunt Amara," Gabriel said, desperately wanting to reveal this secret to his father, her little brother. The only person that could piece her back together should know they found her.
When John and Dean arrived early Saturday morning, Dean embraced him as if he hadn't seen his younger brother in years while John just observed him, smiling proudly to himself. John could see Sam was going to make something great of himself one day, and he was proud to say that he was Sam's father.
"Come on, Sammy. You'll have so much fun that you'll never want to leave," Dean coaxed, grinning.
"I think the real question is how have
!" Michael exclaimed, his arm lowering to put Cas down on the ground as his fist fell back to his side.
ever time he looked at that
Gabriel pulled his lips away, Sam going to follow with a small whimper. "Woah there, big boy. I just wanted to see how far you wanted to take this." Sam frantically nodded, as if that was a clear answer. Gabriel would've laughed if this wasn't such a serious matter.
"I'll come, too," Castiel added, much to everyone's shock. Dean dropped his controller, right in the middle of some gory, bloody war game. Anna choked on the water she'd been sipping, sputtering and spitting it on the table and herself. Balthazar nearly dropped his glass, staring at his youngest sibling with wide, disbelieving eyes.
Yeah, Dean really needed to get laid.
Dean's back was to her, so she quickly got into his phone- no password, thankfully- and saw he'd left a voicemail. She played it and put it to her ear.
Sam, having lost the energy to beat up the pillow, began fishing his phone out of his pocket. He quickly dialed that familiar number and began listening to it ring and ring before going to Dean's voicemail.
They were all sitting down at the table for dinner when Sam finally brought it up.
While public transportation wasn't Gabriel's favorite way of getting around, it proved useful when you were too poor to get a car.
"If you don't back off, I will slit your throat," Anna hissed under her breath, gripping the hand he'd tried to place on her breasts. This was the fourth time she'd had to fend this one off, and Castiel especially wanted to rip his internal organs out of his body; he spent too much time with Dean.
"Actually, I am," Sam replied back calmly, steeling his nerves.
When Raphael didn't start, Michael elbowed him with a well-meaning glare sent his little brother's way.
"Thank you, but I'm not hungry. Is your sister home yet?" Chuck asked, and it amazed Castiel how in the short time their dad had been at home and conscious, he knew that Anna was gone.
Chuck had had to console them for what felt like hours, telling them that they were good children and that Mommy hadn't left because of them. He'd glared at the woman, who looked guilty, and had ushered them away. But still, the twins hadn't understood.
Dean groaned, lifting himself out of the bed. He stood in the room he didn't recognize, as naked as the day he was born. Clothes were scattered around the room, and he quickly gathered his own clothes, not really looking at the other person's clothes. Once he'd covered himself, he went over to the window in the room. Looking down, he almost laughed at the sight below him.
The rest of the group was eternally perplexed by these new developments. First, news of the fight that had spread throughout the school like wildfire in some dry underbrush. Now, the Novak-Shurley siblings were avoiding their table completely. No one knew anything. Everyone just shared glances and didn't mutter a word.
When they finally pulled away, they moved inside, the other kids already sitting around the living room in silence. When the three youngest saw their brothers, they leaped up. Cas launched himself at Gabriel, both hugging each other tightly. Anna buried her face in Lucifer's chest, her arms wrapped tightly around him as she cried a bit. Lucifer cradled her to him, shushing her quiet sobs as he rubbed her back.
"Cas, your sitting at your friend's house on Saturday with a textbook in your lap, studying. That doesn't exactly scream 'guy looking for some fun,'" Anna said gently, choosing her words carefully so she wouldn't offend him much more.
"And you don't like me," Sam stated, his heart feeling as if it had shattered into a million tiny pieces like a mirror. He couldn't breathe properly. His chest ached and his throat constricted all at once. He wondered if this was what dying felt like. Andy looked murderous now, and Sam thought he might rip the phone from his hand to yell at Gabe. In fact, all of Sam's friends did. But he couldn't focus on that- or anything but Gabe and how his heart was breaking, really- right now.
He was back on the battlefield. He and his buddy Diggory were packing up some supplies from a recently-raided enemy base. They'd been ambushed. Diggory went down. A sniper had nailed him right in the forehead. Diggory had his family to go back to. A wife and two kids. Parents who loved him. It was all wiped away by some guy's bullet.
It was pretty obvious why Dean would high-tail it for the military after a party and cut off contact with Castiel Novak-Shurley, his best friend in the whole wide world. Sure, he'd been confused for quite a while. Probably a month. But everything soon fell into place when he'd found out about Cas's depression.
"Cas? Wanna go for a dinner run with me?" Dean asked, straightening. Castiel, not trusting his voice, nodded. "Good. I'll see what everyone wants," Dean said, putting his shirt back on- shame- and jogging off to ask the others.
"How'd you know that name?" Dean's tone was cold, dead even. It had been more of an animalistic growl rather than words, but she'd been able to make it out.
As the day wore on, Sam's nervousness and fear began to dissipate. This was his family, and if they couldn't accept him, then he didn't want to see them ever again. Bobby would take Sam in, and Sam would finish the school year and go to college and pay Bobby back.
Dean chose to stay with Cas for the next few days.
"Yeah, I think I can," Dean said, smiling with relief.
With that last thought, Gabriel retracted his fingers and peeled himself away, wiggling out of Sam's grip, who let him go after only a moment of struggling. Sam looked sad, his face downtrodden as he had to release his long-time crush, but Gabriel resisted the urge to dive for Sam's lips again, craving to suck the boy's bottom lip in between Gabe's own teeth like he'd watched Sam do for years. Sam really was quite the tease.
"Because Cas isn't talking to you, and Cas doesn't do stupid shit like you do," Sam replied easily, giving Dean one of his best bitch-faces.
Balthazar hugged Gabriel once Castiel moved away, also having missed his older brother. They'd been close when he'd run off, and Balthazar was probably the only one who had known why Gabriel had run. He'd known it was coming longer than anyone had realized. Balthazar had known he'd wanted to run ever since Lucifer ran.
"Fine, but if I get beat up, I'm blaming you." Barry sulked, following Sam to their homeroom with Mr. Wyatt- also their English teacher.
"I told my family about you, why can't you tell yours about me?" Gabriel whined, nuzzling his face into the bigger, younger boy's neck.
"Coming right up." Ellen smiled, going back to the kitchen. "Crowley! Order up!" Ellen shouted gruffly to the cook, Crowley, a man with a British accent who had worked for her for years.
"Oh, what a marvelous idea!" Gabriel exclaimed with glee, licking his lips, and Sam wondered if he was more amused or aroused as he laughed at his childhood crush.
Sheriff Mills soon welcomed a troubled young girl named Alex into her home, the whole family loving Alex. Rufus eventually retired, choosing to spend his days messing with Bobby or fishing. Bobby finally got up the courage and asked Ellen on a date, and she happily agreed. Jo was ecstatic that her mom found happiness. Dean's friends all moved on to do exactly what they'd wanted. Jo and Ash began working together, solving cases left and right, Jo quickly climbing the ranks of her precinct. Bela really did start her own club, and Benny began working for her, even becoming her manager and helping her run the place. Charlie began working for the FBI as a computer analyst, and even started a romance with her coworker and FBI field agent, Dorothy.
Kevin, Andy, Ansem, and Barry would clean the house, meanwhile Lily and Kate would get him physically ready- dressing him up and styling his hair- and Jess and Jake would be getting Sam mentally prepared- coaching him on how to flirt and helping him remain calm and not freak out like he was now.
"I have a big test on Monday!" Castiel defended.
Her eyes twinkled, a smile lighting up her face. Dean moved in slowly, giving her plenty of time to escape his advances. She met him with relish, and his hands went into her dark locks to let the silky strands run over his fingers. Her arms went around his neck, and she deepened the kiss with excitement.
to remember everything he could think of about her and put it all somewhere safe in his mind. He knew what everything around him meant, while Cas and Anna had just cried and asked when she would be coming back.
"But think about it, Barry. You've had me to talk to, and he doesn't have any friends. Maybe all he's wanted is a friend," Sammy said, desperate to get his friend to see where he was coming from.
Gabe's life just wasn't fair.
"Hey, Dad... I need to tell you something," Sammy said nervously, setting down his fork that he'd been playing with his peas with.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his siblings, nose buried in a book. Of course his siblings had tagged along to come to
Hopefully Jess was right.
"So? That doesn't mean he isn't your brother! He's still the same boy that grew up beside you! I am sick of Raphael's and your behavior. It's bad enough you chased off Lucifer simply for being gay, and most likely caused Gabriel's departure. I won't stand for it anymore! In fact, I am going to get your brothers back, and you are going to apologize for your despicable behavior," Chuck ordered.
Dean's dad was a highly decorated general, and he was moved wherever they needed help. His mom has always held down the fort at home, raising the boys, but when she died, they had to move around with him. It wasn't until Sammy had finally asked if they could stay in one place that their dad finally did. When you're as high as he is on the ladder, you can ask to stop moving.
"Castiel is getting worse. If your brother doesn't get back here and fix Cas, I'll never forgive you. I'm breaking up with you," Gabriel said, and Sam almost lunged forward to grab him and keep his smaller boyfriend with him. Sam's heart stuttered in his chest.
Until lunch, Dean continued ignoring his teachers and sending notes to girls he found attractive. When he was finally released for lunch, he met Cas at the locker that they shared, dropping their stuff off. They made their way to the cafeteria, the room going silent as they walked in.
All the children nodded in agreement.
"Cas," Dean whispered, stepping closer. The giggles died down, and Cas looked up at Dean; But he wasn't really
"Screw you," Castiel replied hotly, breathing through his nose to calm himself down as his blood simmered.
"I don't want to go to your stupid party!" Sam exclaimed once more, throwing the TV remote at his brother, who stood in the living room doorway. Dean easily dodged, smirking at his twerp of a little brother.
"No, really. Think about it. What guy keeps in contact with someone steadily for three years if they think you're just some kid? He has to care about you!" Barry was backing Kevin and Andy up.
The other four siblings turned to look at Gabriel like Raphael was- expectantly. "I mean, I guess," Gabriel said, biting his bottom lip. He was pretty uncertain about this plan. He was practically ripping his own hair out from worry, but he hadn't dared ask about Dean for four years. He'd pushed too far on that night long ago, and Sam never really forgave him for that. If Dean was brought up, he would shut down.
After carrying Anna in and putting her in bed, he helped Balthazar stumble in and laid him on the couch. Their father was in the seat nearby, clad in his grey, striped bathrobe, drinking some unknown liquor from a bourbon glass.
"I got it!" A deep voice yelled, and the door opened on a face that Dean hadn't seen in a long time and hadn't expected to see again.
Jessica traveled all the way to Stanford with Sam, both studying to be lawyers and sharing an apartment. Gabriel stayed in town, decided to go to culinary school to learn the art of baking. He even started his own bakery in town, hoping to give Sam some place to call home. Gabe visited Sam frequently in college, and just before Sam graduated, he popped the question to Gabriel. Kevin went on to navigate the dangerous mine-field of American politics, going so far as to become the first Asian-American president.
Cas stared at him- a beautiful disaster. Pain shown in his eyes, but it was some sort of exquisite, happy pain that came with wisdom and years that hadn't even come to pass yet. It was the sort of pain inflicted on people from too much love. Dean loved too much. He loved Cas to the point of pain, to the point of breaking his own
Castiel abandoned the dishes he was washing, unable to finish as memories swarmed him. He slowly climbed the stairs, not even making a sound as he reached his room, slipping in and going to his bed. Beneath his pillow was a picture of Dean and himself when they were sophomores. They'd been caught off guard, the two laughing together as they leaned against each other for support as they almost fell off the couch. Anna had taken it secretively, having figured out where Cas's affections lied.
"If it gets to be too much for you, or you decide you don't want to, you can say no at any time, okay? Just stop and tell me," Gabriel said, staring into his eyes. He wanted this to be pleasurable for both of them. He didn't want any time between the two of them to be tainted with bad memories or unhappiness.
"Dean," Michael said with surprise, as if none of them had expected him to come and see Cas. Then again, Dean hadn't exactly given them a reason to think that.
Except Dean was gone, in a freaking war zone, and never answered Castiel's calls.
The padding of feet was heard through the door, and all three thought of running. Just when Gabriel was either about to turn and run or throw up, the door opened wide, revealing the small, disheveled looking man clad in an awful striped robe that had raised Lucifer and Gabriel.
Hope was dangerous. Hope hurt more than knowing Gabriel didn't love him back. Hope was what broke your heart and shredded it to pieces. Sam refused to get his heart broken like that again due to his stupid instance on hoping for his feelings to be reciprocated. It was easier to assume the worst.
"You know I kinda missed you, little brother," Michael said affectionately, Lucifer pinned under him.
Anna had only been awake an hour, Balthazar having driven them home when a very upset Cas had woken them up. Charlie, Bela, Jo, Ash, and Benny had all gotten into Jo's car to head home, while Castiel getting shotgun in his own car since he needed time to calm down, and Anna got the backseat. It had been raining the whole ride, starting just before they had gotten in the car. The rain poured down, harsh and unrelenting, hurting as it met soft skin.
"I love you, too." Gabe swallowed past the lump in his throat, a tight feeling in his chest. Their lips met in a kiss with such tenderness that conveyed love and heartbreak and redemption and lust and everything in between.
"Please, come back soon," Sammy pleaded, his voice soft in the hopes that his friends wouldn't here. He always called at this time. They hadn't broken this tradition since the older boy had left. Sam would never break it, no matter what happened, and neither would the other.
"Well, you're at least bisexual. I must say, I didn't need the competition for your affection. But when you pick them, you pick very well," Bela purred, looking over at Cas. Dean felt an overwhelming surge of jealousy, but buried that burning ball quickly.
"Come on, Dean. We're leaving," John said coldly, staring into Sam's eyes before walking to the door. Sam stood there, shocked he'd betrayed Dean like that.
He wasn't getting into medical school with bad grades.
His unit commander looked up at him, his hard eyes abnormally soft. "Don't let this Cas guy get away, kid." After signing some paperwork, he sent Dean off and told him to get on the first possible flight back to the states and told him not to show his face around here until Cas was his husband or life-partner or whatever Cas was willing to let the dumbass be.
"Michael and Raphael came home, Dad came home drunk, and Raphael commenced telling Dad how much of a screw up he was while Michael yelled at Raphael to be quiet. I grabbed this on the way out," Balthazar said frustratedly, holding up a bottle of some liquor.
"I can't... I can't do this. You're only a kid. You need to do crazy stuff with your friends that you'll regret in the morning. You shouldn't be tied down to a guy like me," Gabriel murmured, holding back his tears.
Why did he want to cry? What about Sam drove him crazy and made his heart race? Sure, Sam was gorgeous- an Adonis, even- but Gabe had seen handsome men before and been able to resist. What about Sam was so alluring? Was it the fact that he was off limits? That he'd do anything for Gabe, if only Gabe asked? Gabriel knew it was messed up, and that's why he was worried about these newly developed feelings.
"This isn't any of your business," He said, more gravelly than ever. It sounded as if he was close to tears, which Lisa upon seeing him hadn't even thought was possible. She wanted to wrap him in her arms and comfort him like she would her son, but she didn't think it was appropriate right now.
"Dean. Here." Dean turned around, and Sam tossed him Baby's keys. Dean smiled slightly before he rushed out the door, heading straight for the Impala. As he climbed in, he could smell dogs.
It all started a week ago during Sam's nightly call with Gabriel. Gabe had said that he would be passing through on Friday night- tonight- and wanted to see Sam. He'd asked if they could, and Sam jumped at the chance to see Gabriel after three years. The beautiful boy who's been going through puberty still would be through it now, and Sam couldn't wait to see the beautiful butterfly that Gabe had become.
Sam was still awkward, currently going through growth spurts that made him about the height of Dean's chin, maybe a bit taller. He'd started the year with his head at Dean's chest, and he'd grown several inches since. With his longer limbs, he was lanky and awkward, unsure of what to do with his long arms. His voice also still cracked a bit, but was getting deeper.
