Castiel inwardly cringes. He’d thought that by becoming a weatherman he could help people; something he’d failed at as a storm chaser.
Cas’ voice is nothing more than a hitch of breath, “I saw the gun at your head and I thought I was going to lose you. Then when I killed him - it was over. I could stop worrying about you and him trying to hurt you. But he’s not dead and I--”
“Faster!” she yells from the back seat of the Maserati Castiel is test-driving — well, test-racing, really — down Magic Mountain Parkway, past Mimi’s Cafe and their Roasted Turkey Club that Jack laments as the red signage gets smaller in Castiel’s rearview mirror. The salesman is pinned to the apparently far superior Poltrona Frau leather of the front passenger seat like they’re on Millenium Force at Cedar Point, and he keeps shouting, “Pull over!” as he grips the overhead handle. Which is unnecessarily dramatic.
Dean doesn’t have the heart to outright tell her that the blue-eyed angelface standing next to him is responsible for the carpet burn on his face and neck, is responsible for ruining a perfectly good pair of well-fitting pants that he received for his birthday, is responsible for them being beyond fashionably late to Dean’s own party.
“How d’you know all this shit, Cas?” Dean asks as Cas undresses him, nudges him into bed under the covers. There’s the heavy thunk of Cas’ boots on their hardwood floor, the slither-clink of his belt buckle, and then the bed behind Dean dips with Cas’ weight. He curves himself around Dean, so close that he might as well be inside him.
But yeah. They’re not dating. And Dean’s not mad about it, because why would he be? Cas is only the man who once made Dean orgasm in such quick succession that he actually Googled ‘male multiple orgasm’ after, who always comes back for Dean no matter where in the world he is, because Dean’s ‘worth coming back for,’ who takes Dean out on these thought-through excursions, because one night, Dean accidentally let slip about his childhood or lack thereof.
He would ask Jo for advice — she’s about as love-fluent as Dean himself is, but as his friend, she’s obligated to listen to him bitch and maybe offer some words of encouragement — except she’s late for their morning coffee date, again, and Dean’s getting cranky. He needs his coffee to function, and no amount of gooey-eyed,
The difference between Castiel and Meg is that Castiel always wanted to put that behind him, to move on and actually have a semblance of a normal life. But Meg, Meg lives for the drama, the chaos, the anarchy.
“Niiiiiick,” He sing-songs, ducking underneath a branch and entering a small copse of trees, “Come out, come out wherever you are. I just wanna talk, man. I’m sure we can sort this mess out, right? A little quid-pro-quo perhaps? You hurt my brother and housekeeper, I take your testicles, that kinda thing.”
Needless to say, he didn’t sleep much for those first few months. And when he did, it was torture all over again, remembering who he was down there, the things he did.
(Castiel lied to Dean earlier tonight when he said that he doesn’t think about Jo. He thinks about her a lot. He’s glad that she died when she did, because she – unlike Benny – might have actually made a move).
Dean crouches behind a tree trunk. Now seems like a good time to put his shirt back on — ‘cause whatever’s about to come next requires both caution and shirts — so he does, yanking it out from his rear pocket and dragging it on over his head.
Eventually, Benny says, “I only ever wanted what was best for you, Dean. I might have had a crush on you, but my concern for your welfare always came first.”
He needs to get out of here. The room is starting to close in on him; he just needs to breathe for a precious few seconds.
Other than the pounding of his own heartbeat, Dean can hear nothing but sounds from outside: birds chirping, the rustle of the wind through the trees.
Just where Dean had last seen him, the yard is partly enclosed by thick hedges. The house is dark, its front lawn shrouded in shadows.
other than sitting here, twiddling their thumbs. One of the nurses behind the desk at this floor’s station keeps glancing over, and Dean’s pretty sure he could persuade her to keep watch and call him if the vic wakes up. She might even be able to direct him to an on-call room so Dean can get some damn shuteye.
Not least because — as Dean finds out when he turns around — Castiel isn’t decent, not by any literal or metaphorical meaning of the word. His shirt is unbuttoned and hanging off his broad shoulders and his pants are gone, revealing dark boxer briefs that are riding low on the sharp jut of his tattooed hip bones.
. He’s right here in the bunker, on the wrought iron stairs, still holding the phone up to his ear, like the endearing, socially awkward weirdo he is. Jack’s standing just above and behind him on the catwalk grate, dressed all in white like Morgan Freeman or Alanis Morisette. He raises his hand in greeting, but remains silent, sensing the moment.
It’s a question that feels infinitely more important than the one Amelia asks him, as she politely dabs at her mouth with the cream napkin from the set she and Jimmy picked out. “Jimmy tells me you’ve been married for a couple of years now. How did you two meet?”
Cas grabs him around the waist, sliding his hands up between Dean’s shoulder blades, and says, in his normal voice, “You’re just upset because you need Jesus. Maybe you should spend less time on your back and more time on your knees.”
by Dick is worth reading as well. I think I only have the one copy of that though with several watchers, so if you want it, you’d better act quickly!
It’s hard not to flinch even though Castiel knows Dean bears him no ill-will. Quite the opposite, apparently. Once Dean is right in front of him, he reaches up to cup Castiel’s jaw with an iron-scented palm, “Casssssss….”
Slinging their duffels over their shoulders, Cas and Dean take the cooler again, and the others barely manage everything else between them.
In the next moment, backlit by a strange phosphorescence that has no visible source, four creepy-ass looking figures appear, as if by twisted magic. Each of them is horribly mutilated by systems of hooks and pins and sharp tools. The garments they wear are elaborately constructed to marry with their flesh, laced through skin in places, hooked into bone. They look like something right out of a BDSM club; all leather and fetish gear.
Apparently, Cas stopped listening after ‘yeah’, ‘cause his fist in Dean’s hair tightens and he shoves his cock at Dean’s face. Dean takes the thick length of his husband’s dick back into his mouth, relaxing his throat as best he can.
Cas goes first with the crowbar and Dean follows straight after, shirt riding up, exposing his stomach, resulting in him getting scratchy twigs snagged on the loose waistband of his jeans (he thought he was flying, he wanted to be comfortable - this is anything
On the first day of classes after summer, Cas escorts Dean to the Mechanical Engineering building, all French Royal Court style (minus the fancy ruffles and guillotines). The two of them are still giddy and glowing from their perfect summer, even whilst Dean’s trying his best to ignore the low-level dread gnawing at his insides. As they walk across campus, bumping shoulders like they physically can’t stay out of each other’s space, Cas seems to sense Dean’s worry, because he leans in and whispers, like it’s a secret, “It’ll be fine, Dean. I promise.”
He’s being unreasonable, he knows he is, but the raw-edge of panic is rising thick and fast, and the thought of something happening to Cas has him flailing around in the dark, freaking the fuck out.
“It has to be him, then,” Garth concludes. “I mean, back in college, he just dropped off the radar, right? One day, he simply stopped. Like the Zodiac. And he was never heard from again. So why can’t it be him now? It
‘Cause behind that painstakingly constructed partition is a wealth of shit he's not allowed himself to think about beyond the abstract, it-happened-to-somebody-else kind of way. He's the king of compartmentalization. And for good reason, 'cause the thing that bound him and Cas close is the very same thing that ended up tearing them apart.
Not a lie either. He was actually semi-interested in performing the service Jimmy was paying for, ‘cause, well, dude is hot, and there’s not many of those visiting whores. Not in Dean’s experience, anyways. From time to time, he’d get a pretty, rich woman who wanted discreet, no-strings-attached fun, but most of Dean’s clients were a couple of chromosomes away from pond slime.
Dean’s panic attack in the quad was truly unfortunate. When Castiel rushed to help that day, he was so worried, he barely even noticed Meg following after him. Before Castiel could get to Dean, Meg grabbed his arm and held him back so she could take a picture of Dean in distress.
After they replace the dirt on Ketch’s cremated remains, Dean’s exhausted; sleepy with the slump in adrenaline, tempted to crash right there, surrounded by trees and death, like a sinister Snow White.
“You have everything under control,” Benny says, already inching toward the door, yellow-bellied like his fucking namesake in
“I got it, Cas,” Dean confirms with a shadowed half-smile, something dark and ugly inside him rearing its head. Like fuck is he gonna let Benny get the better of him. Not when so much is on the line. Just for good measure, and because he can’t resist, Dean reminds Cas, “I love you.”
He’s just as gorgeous now as he was then, even without the body modifications that Dean loved to touch and trace with his fingers and tongue. His muscles — the ones Dean’s seen for himself, up close and personal — flex and bunch and work, water sluicing between his shoulder blades as he helps Dean roll up the bloodied sheets into the dumpster. Dean’s eyes eagerly track every drop of liquid that trails down over Cas’ bare back and ass, before he valiantly drags his eyes back up, trying to shake himself out of the pervy pervy thoughts. But it’s not much better up here, ‘cause the rain is dampening Cas’ hair to the curve of his skull and thickening his eyelashes, the cold sting of it making the already-obscene fullness of his mouth even redder.
Dean presses himself along Cas’ side, lips against the shell of Cas’ ear. “Can we go play games after this?”
Dean’s never worked on a dam himself, but he has colleagues who have designed the pipework, valves, and floodgates for hydroelectric dams, so he’s seen the diagrams and blueprints, and therefore has a good idea of what topographical features are required.
Cas breaks their childish stalemate first and Dean resolves to commit the curve of his smile to memory, the way the strobing lights color him in washes of pinks, greens, and blues. He shakes his head. “What am I going to do with you?”
“Enjoy the rest of your evening,” Dean tells him, raising his beer in thanks. He leaves, fitting himself between the crush of upright bodies, turning himself this way and that as he keeps pushing through until he finds a safe zone near the edge of a loud bachelorette party and waits for Benny to catch up.
Because he’s still keeping his eyes open for the creeper, just in case he pops up in front of him like a shitty jumpscare, Dean isn’t paying much attention to his own door. He stumbles backward into their dorm and only turns his back on the hallway when he hears a hissed, “S
Dean doesn’t quite swoon, but it’s a close thing. “How are we gonna deal with it? Go to the cops again? The fact that it stopped over the summer isn’t gonna be anything more than circumstantial, right?”
“That of which we shall not speak,” Cas intones once they’ve calmed down, and everyone cracks up again.
Dean's feeling pretty good on the way back to his dorm that evening. Finals are rushing up on him at lightning speed, but at least he’s got the best study partner on the entire campus for a roommate.
and it fucking hurts, man. If it was truly just you and me, then why Meg? Why are you keeping things from me?” He’s going off-script, so he reins it back in quickly. “I just need some time to think, that’s all.”
"Well, you two look thoroughly debauched," Charlie tells them, sitting down on the coffee table, looking back and forth between their expressions. “I just hope you were safe.”
“Can you climb that?” Cas asks, gesturing upwards at the stone wall to their backs. It’s at least eight - perhaps nine - feet tall.
Jo’s expression is bemused and ever-so-slightly impressed. Stupid, teenage-boy innuendos are her and Dean’s thing, practically a cornerstone of their relationship. It’s not often that someone outside of their dynamic — especially someone like stoic, serious Cas — is able to one-up her. It’s gotta sting a bit.
“Traumatized by what?” Benny asks, coming straight in as usual. Except this time, there’s no pizza, ‘cause it’s still early, but he
monsters. The ones who slide by on good looks and deceptive charm. The ones who are able to blend seamlessly into society and politely debate politics whilst they've got a dismembered body under the patio.
“Why?” Cas rasps, a hand on Dean’s bicep, leaving the red smudge of a print behind when he lets it drop.
So yeah. Each day is like a mixed grab bag of Halloween candy and Dean just has to hope that his doesn’t contain any Necco Wafers.
He’s just about to bring his fist into contact with the guy’s neck when his face looms into view, all angles and hollows and shadows, cheekbones sharp as knives.
Dean bows his head, letting the spray soak and mat his hair, heating his scalp. It feels good. Soothing. Bizarrely life-affirming. Like things might be okay.
Making his way to the bathroom was always a daunting task. The bathroom being far more immaculate than the bedroom or the kitchen, both of which had their own eccentricities the bathroom and the hallway leading to the bathroom were bright cream colors with barren walls almost as if the decorator had forgotten them. Dean was always afraid he would mess something up and bring about Castiel’s ire, however Castiel simply used his angel mojo to clean the bathroom after Dean was finished calmly reassuring Dean that there was nothing to worry about. Still, Dean struggled when it came time to shower something about the overly clean room which brought back memories he didn’t wish to revisit. Steeling himself for the new battle Dean pushed forward opening the door and bracing himself for the clinical room, but much to his surprise the room was now covered in ducks. Little rubber ducks everywhere accompany a child's nautical themed bathroom causing an abrupt fit of laughter. After his laughter died down Dean was touched had Castiel done all this for him? The room no longer felt clinical and was now filled with warmth much like the rest of the Angel’s home.
“It’s alright Dean. Alistair is not here and will not ever bother you again,” Castiel soothed. After a long moment Dean seemed to process this and slowly calmed down. “Good boy.” Castiel said and continued to pet and reassure Dean as he worked through this panic attack. Never ceasing to whisper, he delivered a flurry of perfectly timed comforts to his Dean.
Leaning into Castiel, Dean inhaled the other scent finding great comfort in the smell of an angel. Angels smell like warmth and comfort with their scent varying from person to person depending on the smells that bring the person the most comfort. After calming down for a second Dean found the courage to meekly ask “Let’s do it first” before hiding against Castiel.
The room was white as snow, pure and delicate, not at all reflecting the angelic warrior who owned it or the hardened hunter who was currently sleeping within its walls. The room was not void of personality or comfort as it was adorned with many large pillows, that at one point had been neatly placed on the bed, but at present they were more of a nest for the two men occupying the plush white bed. Sheer currants donned the walls along with pictures of serene country sides serving as mementos from adventures to Earth. Knicknacks were scattered about the walls disrupting the methodical nature  of a mostly white room. Angels were supposed to be very orderly and structured, but Castiel had visited Earth maybe a time too many and the chaos of man had begun to rub off on him reflected in the small bits of chaos present in his home. The walls of his house were once very organized, albeit barren, but over time he had begun to add mementos from his adventures with his brother Gabriel who had insisted that he get trinkets to remind of his adventures.
The words that should have been soothing only seemed to frighten Dean more. What was this thing? How could it see his soul? More importantly, what did it want with Dean? The man’s brows knit together in frustration and he strode over to Dean. “This is it he is going to kill me.” Dean thought snapping his eyes closed and clenching his fists in preparation for the pain that would inevitably follow. But it never came. Instead gentle hands carded through his hair, soothing away the fear. To his dismay he leaned into what was probably a trap. It was a nice trap. Calm and settling. There was a strength in this man’s hand unlike anything he had ever felt. Power beyond that of even Alistair. While it did frighten him it also made him feel incredibly safe. A blanket of warm seemed to settle around them as he slowly came down from the shakes that seemed to rock his body. When had that started? He remembered shaking slightly but not full body tremors that seem to go bone deep. To his dismay he seemed to have lost all of the strength he had. Quivering at the sight of any man that he met. How had he fallen so far? Become so pathetic. Pathetic. That was one of Alistairs favorite things to call him and it seemed to have come true. He was nothing. A shell of a man only good for entertaining his master. “Dean” the man warned in a deep rumble causing him to squirm under his touch. His tone was so different that Alistairs. It didn’t mock or harbor malice. No it was far more caring than that. For some reason he found himself wanting to please this man, unlike when Alistair gave him warning and he obeyed out fear. No there was a deep seeded want to please that seemed to overtake his body. But why?
The bed was expansive covered with a myriad of pillows and blankets. It was a beautiful white nest of a bed that Castiel had meticulously gathered making sure every pillow was perfect, even collecting his feathers as an alternative to the down that is normally used in duvets. His feathers would one day bring comfort if he was away causing the bed to always hold his sense and have a small amount of his grace to cocoon him in safety. Sitting in the middle of the bed, leaning against the headboard, he arranged Dean so he was laying against his chest and wrapped an arm around his waist pulling him close. He reveled in the way that Dean nuzzled his chest trying to draw impossibly closer gently gripping Castiel’s shirt to make sure he couldn’t leave Dean. All in all it was quite endearing and Dean seemed to be the perfect fit for Castiel. Reaching over he grabbed a large blanket and covered them with it to help keep Dean warm and comfortable. Deciding once and for all to enjoy the calm before the storm. Gently placing a kiss on Dean’s head he began to massage Dean at the base of his scalp enjoying the way he seemed to purr leaning into even the slightest of touches, so innocently responsive. It was almost funny to watch. Knowing that the submissive in his arms was one of the most fierce hunters in existence. He and his father had manage to hunt down some impossibly strong enemies and for the most part they had won, until Alistair had set his sights on Dean that is. Still though he knew that Dean had never allowed Alistair to put him under. Not willingly anyways. The evidence of drugs in his system was very strong. This too could potentially pose a problem in the future depending on how dependent Dean was to them. He shook his head -- now is not the time to think like this. Now is the time to relax with Dean.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Timidly Castiel approached a family of ducks before offering a piece of bread to one of the smaller ones. Much to his surprise the ducks quacked happily before quickly swarming him for more bread. Excitedly Castiel began to feed all of the ducks for hours as it was now his duty to ensure that each and every duck was fed. Feeding the ducks would turn into a monthly tradition one that Castiel never missed, ever. Caring for his father’s creatures was a sacred duty after all that means missing a month would be neglecting his duties as an angel.
“What do you mean Cas? They are doing it because it’s fun you really need to live a little!” Gabriel exclaimed while sucking on a lolly pop. Smirking as an idea hit him Gabriel materialized some bread “ here try it” he said before shoving the bread into Castiel’s hand and pushing him towards the ducks.
Raising an eyebrow, as if to say are you sure you want to play this game “Dean, the pie is too hot to eat and I told you to go clean up. You will feel much better after you shower” Castiel said with slightly more finality.
The man chuckled “This was the family home before the fall. It brings back many fond memories. It was and is my home. My brothers and I come here when we want to escape the harsh reality that is the world. It takes us all back to when things were simple. Peaceful. When I look at the landscape I am reminded that there is still hope for humans despite the depravity of man. Places like this still exist. What my father created still has some beauty in it. That’s what I saw when I looked at your soul, Dean. It was so bright and pure despite the darkness that tried to encroach on it. Even though it was surrounded by fear and pain it managed to fight. You managed to fight. I know it may not feel like it, but you won Dean. He didn’t win, and he won’t ever win.”
However, Dean being Dean struggles to understand this concept insisting on putting up at least a little struggle “but Cassss there’s pieeeeee” Dean whined.
Pleasantly surprised Castiel began to gently run his fingers over Deans body checking to make sure that he was squeaky clean. His damp hair smelled of shampoo and conditioner so he knew that was taken care of and if we are being honest he was not really inspecting Dean to check for cleanness Dean’s skin not being red from the shower being too hot and him not shaking from it being closer to ice told him everything he needed to know. No, this inspection was an excuse for intimacy. A time when Castiel could steal gentle kisses and soft caresses over every part of his lover's body. Maybe one day after Dean had healed he could be more invasive with these searches, but for now he would focus on just making Dean’s skin buzz with warmth from the affection. “Unfortunately, you did an amazing job so I don’t have an excuse to bathe you all week” Castiel said glumly looking downtrodden secretly hoping Dean would offer to let him do it anyways.
Understanding the problems of mankind was often difficult for Castiel, because they seemed so fleeting. Grasping the day to day interactions and cultures was hard enough for the Angel much less attempting to understand their plight. Yet, Castiel desperately wanted to understand if only to understand Dean. How could he truly help Dean if he could not comprehend the struggles he faced. Wanting to help was not enough he had to attempt to understand otherwise they would be able to make little ground. In an effort to understand Dean Castiel had been continually reading his emotions, but remained distant enough to not invade the sanctity of his innermost thoughts.
Hello everyone! Sorry I have been away for so long college and work got rather busy but in anycase here is the update. I would like to thank QuestioningKate for being the most awesome beta ever! As always I love hearing back from everyone so please feel free to comment. :3 Thanks
Castiel was momentarily taken aback at the sudden outburst. Surely Dean didn’t think he would give him back… No he definitely thought that. Why else would he be in such a state? Pulling him onto his lap and tucking his Dean’s head under his chin Castiel embraced Dean as closely and as tightly as he possibly could. “Shh… Dean it’s alright. I would never give you away. You are mine and you will always be mine, and once you are feeling better and more like your self I will be yours. You probably don’t understand that concept yet but you will.” Castiel said as he placed a kiss on Dean’s forehead.
“Good boy, Dean.” Castiel’s deep voice rumbled as he gently carded through his pet’s hair reveling in the way he leaned into it. Sighing he wished he could continue petting and cuddling him but they had issues to address. Gently gripping his chin he forced him to look into his eyes. “But from now on you do not kneel unless I have told you too and you have a pillow supporting you. Do you understand little one?”
Castiel blinked a few times. He hadn’t expected that so soon. Nevertheless he responded “Of course Dean,” and placed a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips. He reveled in the way such a small action caused Dean to melt in his arms, cuddling close.
Dean gaped. There was no way a man with a voice made of thunder could talk like that. It just wasn’t right. Nothing could be that strong and soft at the same time. It was an absolute paradox. His world seemed to flip upside down. Where he had been expecting rage and hardness came a soft almost poetic grace. Somehow it fit. The man bearing the most god awful trench coat he had ever seen just seemed right. The contradiction fit perfectly with his completely disheveled hair and perfectly tailored suit.
Dean was fuming. Who did this asshole think he was? Putting him in the corner like he was an errant five year old. He for the life of himself could not figure out why he remained in the corner. Something inside him just held him in place like his body knew what he was meant to do. This only served to further frustrate Dean. At least with Alistair he had fought back. He had resisted. He had had tried his hardest not to give an inch, to never  show even a hint of caring, and yet here he was shaking almost to tears at being placed in the corner by this man. No, there was no way he was a man. He wouldn’t have been able to beat Alistair if he had been a mere mortal. No Castiel was more than a man. He just didn’t know if that were a good thing or not. Everything his father had taught him said no but as he slowly began to remember his time spent with Castiel he just couldn’t see him as bad. No, infact he had been quite the opposite. Most dom’s treated subs as lower than dirt. He had spent his whole life in hiding because he saw the way everyone, even his father, looked at male submissives. Yet when Castiel looked at him it wasn’t with distance or loathing not even with lust. Just reverence and caring. It was as though Dean was his sun and moon all wrapped in one. So after that thought maybe his attack on Cas had been a little unwarranted… Okay maybe a lot unwarranted… Oh god, he’d been a real dick to Cas when all he had wanted to do to Dean was comfort him. Dean slowly began to spiral, caught up in his thoughts about how he had failed Castiel and now he wouldn’t want him and would give him back to Alistair.
Dean was awoken once again to a delicious aroma, but this time it was much sweeter. “Pie?” Dean sleepily mumbled. Had the angel made pie? The smell of Apple pie quickly roused Dean out of his slumber. Rushing towards the smell Dean exclaimed “is there Pie?” eyes lit up with more excitement than he cared to acknowledge.
“Dean, I’m sure you could under normal circumstance handle far more than I would ever dish out in terms of pain, but under this circumstance I can assure you that you can not handle much of anything, little boy. Infact I think it is time for a demonstration.” Castiel said as he hauled Dean up to his feet and marched him over to the corner. Inspite of the way it shredded his heart to cause Dean to fall apart at the seams, he knew it was of the utmost importance to establish dominance in this setting. He had hoped to avoid having to punish Dean, but better now that later he supposed. “Dean you will stand in the corner and think about what is and is not the appropriate way to speak to your mate and Dom. I know we haven’t had a chance to go over the rules, but common courtesy is definitely a given. While you are in the corner you will keep your hands either at your sides or clasped behind your back. At the end of your punishment we will be discussing how you will act in the future, so I would use this time wisely.” Castiel said before heading over to a single recliner, where he sat down in order to watch Dean. He would probably always have to watch Dean in a punishment like this if only to reaffirm that he would not leave.
Shaking his head fondly at the image of an angel of the lord gleefully feeding ducks Dean turned on the shower letting it warm up a bit before stepping it. Today’s shower was different, today Dean decided to leave the water at the temperature Castiel normally used on the occasions that he bathed Dean. Blushing at the memories of Castiel bathing him while insisting that he played with bath toys so that he was not bored even though Dean was a grown ass man and should not be playing with toys. Castiel had not allowed that argument for even a second insisting that Dean had to relax in order to heal. Letting the warm water run over him was a nice change to the scalding hot or ice cold showers he had gotten used to, and if he was being honest long baths were even better. Being able to bask in the warmth of a bath while someone baths you was a very relaxing experience. However, this shower was not to be a leisurely one even if he was sorely tempted to indulge. No this shower was for pie meaning that he needed to be quick, but thorough enough to not have Castiel insist on bathing him again. Dean had quickly learned that Castiel was very serious about showering and if was not clean enough after a shower then the angel would insist on fixing it and would not let Dean clean himself for a few days after.
Dean glared at the table as he reviewed the last 24 to 48 hours in his head. Nothing sticks out, but there’s gotta be a reason for the silent treatment from Cas today. Granted, the angel’s not the most talkative to begin with, but there’s definitely something off about his behavior. Dean chanced a glance across the booth.
“Look, I said I was sorry, okay?” Dean tried again, mustering the sexiest grin he’d ever delivered. “Come ‘ere and let me make it up to you.”
But the other alternative? Leaving? Not seeing Dean every day. Never seeing him smile again. That...that hurts worse.
“I’m just saying, this could be the start of something good,” Sam says as he backs out of the kitchen. “The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.”
And with that, Cas pushed his cock deep inside Dean until balls smacked against asscheeks. Both groaned at the sensation, dizzy with endorphins. Cas stayed perfectly still, with the exception of some heavy breathing to keep himself under control, allowing Dean a moment to adjust to the stretch. Dean had never felt so wanton before, loving the feel of Cas inside him, stretching and filling him up. He pointedly ignored Cas' use of the L-word.
Maybe it was the way the soft light from the window played on Cas' face or the residual fire in his eyes from the bathroom outburst. Maybe it was just because Dean couldn’t keep his hands to himself. He stepped up to Cas with a somewhat apologetic look and gave him a chaste kiss before nuzzling and kissing along his strong jaw. He heard a sharp intake of breath when his teeth nibbled on Cas' earlobe. He smiled, knowing Cas enjoyed it when Dean focused on his neck and ears. Dean’s tongue flicked out, wetting Cas' earlobe before his warm breath sent shivers down the angel’s spine as he whispered, “You’re so gorgeous, Cas.”
Another five minutes of futile struggling and Dean finally taps out. Cas is still wearing his trench coat and didn’t even break a sweat.
“I’ve studied several types of dance, Dean,” Cas said, sounding vaguely annoyed. “Salsa On2 happens to be a favorite of mine. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Charlie, for all of her energy and spirit, doesn’t push like Dean does. She doesn’t ask too much of Castiel and isn’t disappointed when he doesn’t do whatever is expected of him.
. Like that time in the alley. Make-up sex should do the trick. So yeah, Dean’s contemplated what a shitstorm their next 'fight' might be like, but he’s also positive they’ll get past it because...well, they always do. And man is he ready for that after party.
Dean had for Cas beyond brotherly love – the ones he’d pushed down, ignored and denied for years – stirred in his chest. It took one look into Castiel’s striking blue eyes for his world to come crashing down. Two things happened: his overwhelming, unyielding,
Cas didn’t need time to adjust, as soon as he was fully seated on Dean’s dick, he started to move. Bouncing up and down, rocking his hips, gyrating in small circles. Every movement sent sparks flying through Dean’s body as he held on for dear life.
Castiel thinks this might be one of those experiences humans love to talk about, write about, but never want to experience themselves.
Dean’s brain helpfully supplied an image of Cas from earlier at the diner. The way he shifted in his seat, the flush on his cheeks, averting Dean’s gaze. He wasn’t
“If you — if you really want to leave, Cas, I’m not going to stop you. But I really — ” Dean cuts off, squaring his shoulders in resolution. “Whatever it is, we can work it out. Please, just...”
“Whiskey double, neat,” he says, casually ignoring the busty blonde bombshell. He slides onto his seat and takes a sip of the whiskey, relishing the way it burns down his throat.
Castiel is ridiculously enthusiastic in the sack, but he’s still steady and controlled. More focused on Dean than himself. Just once Dean would love to see him lose it. To let go of his inhibitions, get caught up in the passion and just
That feeling magnified when Dean’s terrified expression came into view, only to blur again just before the world went black.
Castiel withdraws from Dean’s ass, his cum leaking out of Dean’s hole, leaving him feeling sloppy, used and open.
Dean made the mistake of opening his eyes to watch Cas’ ministrations. His angel’s eyes had never left Dean’s face, boring into him with every ounce of intensity he expected from Cas. What he wasn’t expecting, though, was the pure
Cas’s long, thin fingers toyed with the clasp on the necklace as he pressed his lips to her ear and whispered. She practically melted in his arms, which gave Cas the leverage he needed to silently unclasp the necklace, move it over her shoulder and drop it on the ground. In one swift movement, he grabbed her leg just above her knee, pulled it up to his hip then turned them around, kicking the necklace toward the edge of the dance floor as he went. Somehow, he managed all that without taking his eyes off Dean. Castiel didn’t need his angel abilities to read Dean’s mind because right now, Dean's pretty sure the look on his face said it all.
“Uh huh,” Dean cleared his throat and tried again, voice suddenly husky. “Sounds like a plan, bye Sammy.”
She tells him that they are ‘B-F-F’ now, whatever that means. He just nods because it’s easier that way.
“I tried talking to him, um, apologizing for not inviting him to come with us, but he just uh…” Dean waved a hand.
“Cas, please, I wasn’t - ” Dean begins, ending on an exasperated note, “I was just talking to her Cas, I swear.”
If Cas was going to smile like that every time he did something right, he’s going to start paying attention.
Google wasn’t wrong. This place is crawling with ridiculously attractive college students and young professionals, perfect for tonight. Dean smirks at his good fortune...and the pretty blonde eyeing him from the bar. It’s showtime.
He knows now that he could never walk away from this gorgeous green-eyed man who has simultaneously become his damnation and salvation.
As the conversation dwindled, Dean pushed his empty plate forward on the table and reclined in his chair, both hands behind his head. To Sammy, he was the picture of relaxation. To Cas, absolute hell. His left foot moved up to join the right, both circling Cas' impressive erection and stroking him forward and back. The angel’s sentence was suddenly lodged in his throat, compelling Dean to take over the conversation.
and adoration in his expression. Plus, those plump lips wrapped around his cock, slick with spit, sliding up and down...well, that was a picture straight out of Dean’s naughtiest fantasies. When Dean felt his cock head hit the back of Cas’ throat, he nearly lost it right then and there. Cas swallowed, his throat muscles working around Dean’s girth.
“You see, Dean,” Cas said, voice rich with want. “I wanted to surprise you tonight, but I didn’t anticipate feeling so wanton all evening. Every time I looked at you, it got harder to keep my hands to myself.”
Dean pulls up at the popular college bar Google deemed the “best place for a good time” and parks his baby far away from any potential door-dingers. He thought about writing Cas a note with the name of the bar, but Castiel will be able to find him without it...eventually. Might as well have some fun with it.
comes back, albeit moving slowly this time. Just close enough to lay two credit cards on the bar next to Castiel’s hand.
Dean cries out as he comes, back arching and fists clenching in the sheets as white-hot sparks light him up from the inside. Cas stills when Dean’s tight hole starts clenching around him, emptying his last and final release inside of Dean.
That night, he was patient and gentle. Well, as patient and gentle as he could be considering how, after that first kiss, him and Cas started going at it like the touch-starved men that they were.
Cas’s head circled around, trying to pinpoint Dean’s location in the room. The blindfold stayed put, despite his movements. Cas sounded nervous, but Dean knows it’s more anticipation than fear. Sensory deprivation will do that to a guy.
“How would you feel if I died...again?” Cas whispered into his back. Dean was thankful that Cas was behind him so he couldn’t see the emotion playing over his face.
As Sam left the kitchen, Cas' long, thin fingers circled Dean’s ankles and held him under the table.
When Dean’s eyes finally regain focus, an amused smirk lingers on Castiel’s plump pink lips. Cas’ hair is artfully rumpled, his tie askew in his apparent haste to rid himself of the trenchcoat Dean’s become so fond of. He watches as Cas’ hands slowly loosen the tie and toss it on the bed, his fingers skimming down to open the top two buttons on his dress shirt and continuing down to his dress slacks.
Nevermind the countless battles he’d survived in Chuck knows how many eons, but Dean won’t hear of him coming on the road until Dean himself is satisfied with Castiel’s fighting skills.
“Did you find anything out from the librarian?” Cas asked. Dean heard Sam’s muddled voice on the other end of the line.
Dean tensed. His body wanted to respond to instinct and kiss Cas back, but his mind was running away with him. Cas is going to leave; he shouldn’t be kissing Dean like this. Like he’s dessert.
Dean’s head jerked up. This isn’t the first time Cas has said it, but it’s the first time he’s heard the L-word not mid-coitus. Truth be told, he’s scared shitless.
And that will never go away, will it? Things can’t go back to the way they were now that Castiel knows, not really.
“Did you think I wouldn’t see you?” Castiel’s leg presses between Dean’s thighs, pinning him to the wall.
Under the table and out of sight, Dean lifted his right foot and brought it to rest on Cas' chair in front of him, directly between the angel’s legs. Cas looked at him, usual stoic expression perfectly in place, nothing more. Dean shifted slightly so that the ball of his foot made contact with Cas' most sensitive area. His pajama pants were so thin, Dean could feel every inch of him, every fold of skin, under his foot – including a twitch in the angel’s cock when Dean added a bit of pressure. Cas didn’t move, his expression never wavered, but the nearly imperceptible widening of his eyes gave him away. Dean couldn’t help the way his own mouth quirked at the idea of playing adult footsie with an angel.
Sammy returned and launched right back into their discussion. Dean only half-listened as he began moving his foot in a circle then rotating the ball of his foot from side-to-side, alternating the pressure on the angel’s semi-hard erection. Dean was treated to the sight of Cas' lips parting as his breath hitched. He tried stealthily moving out of Dean’s reach by scooting farther back in his chair.
Dean stood up, hands shaking as they reached for his billfold. He threw a few bills on the table before turning on his heel and walking out without a backward glance.
Dean’s confirmation spurred Cas into action. He spread Dean’s legs before settling on his knees between them. He covered his erection with lube before leaning over Dean, three fingers pushing into Dean’s ass once more. Cas teased at Dean’s prostate causing Dean to writhe beneath him.
“Cas, please listen to me,” Dean starts, holding out his hands in a half-hearted attempt to stop Castiel from leaving the motel room. “I don’t know what you think you heard yesterday, but I can promise you it isn’t that. Please just come back to the bunker with me so we can talk.”
He wears the jeans and button-down Dean bought him last month, runs a hand through his messy hair, wears boots instead of loafers, and pretends not to hear the soft ‘
Dean moans when Castiel spills into his mouth, swallowing down what he can, the rest leaking out the corners of his mouth until he can swipe it up with his tongue when Castiel pulls back.
Cas is standing directly behind him, every square inch of his front pressed up to Dean’s back. It would have been sexy…if Castiel’s arms weren’t around Dean’s neck, crushing his windpipe.
He groans, blinks a few times and looks around, snapping to attention when he sees Castiel standing in the doorway. He jumps to his feet, moving faster than expected for a 30-year-old who spent the night on the ground.
opening him up to take him. Cas continued thrusting his fingers into Dean while his mouth continued sucking, getting sloppier by the second. Every few passes, Cas would throw in a turn of the wrist or a swirl of the tongue just to keep Dean on edge.
Strong hands grip his waist tight enough to bruise then he’s flipped over onto his stomach, his hips pulled up until his ass is in the air, waiting to be filled. Castiel is most definitely using his grace to maintain his impressive erection because between one breath and the next, Dean’s ass is filled with it again.
“Let’s go have lunch then,” Dean said, reaching for Castiel’s hand just as the angel huffed and disappeared.
Belatedly, Dean realizes that Cas’ hands are occupied, so that cock ring still clamped around his dick is angel grace — they certainly didn’t have a real one lying around in reaching distance. It’s - God, it’s so fucking hot, and Dean moans like a wanton whore at the thought of it.
Cas pressed one soft kiss to the underside of Dean’s shaft as he continued to stare. Seconds passed and neither moved. It was one helluva standoff and Dean was going to lose badly.
Dean chuckled, then his expression turned serious as he gazed into Cas' eyes and whispered, “What do you want, Cas?”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, struggling for words. He thought Cas would be a little jealous, but not like this.
“Dean, I think Sam was concerned that you’d panic if he asked you and you weren’t ready to talk about it,” Cas paused. “About us.”
it, because it’s pushing in painfully against the bulge in his jeans. Dean understands the anger, but how in the hell could Cas believe he’d ever be anything less than perfect for Dean? This is not what he wanted, not at all.
“Please leave me alone, Dean,” he whispers, his heart aching in his chest when Dean turns around and walks out, looking as hurt as Castiel feels.
Castiel's mind supplies an image of the two of them, Sam with his hands out pleading for Dean to be reasonable about...
“What’s bugging you? You’ve been acting strange all day. Did I…” Dean paused. “Did I do something to upset you?”
“No, we can’t – the witch could be watching.” Sam said. “We need to let Cas do his thing so he can get the necklace without drawing any attention.” Sam shrugged before he continued, “Besides, I’m sure he can improvise.”
” Cas moaned, his voice impossibly deep. Dean pinched and rolled and sucked on the tight buds until Cas was rutting in his lap.
He can only make out bits and pieces, but it’s enough. Enough to wish that he still had his grace for the sole purpose of flying away faster than he can run.
Cas slipped off of Dean’s cock and collapsed on his chest, his back to Dean’s front, still panting. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and planted a kiss on his shoulder, now that Cas was conveniently reclined on top of him. Cas’ hands reached for his and gave them a squeeze. They couldn’t manage words just yet, but those small touches spoke volumes.
Tries not to ache when Dean is unusually quiet for the drive and then flits off to the bar the moment they walk in.
Dean’s attention returned to the dance floor where Castiel was most definitely not crashing, nor burning. The two dancers moved with ease, getting used to each other and the tempo. Before long, they were weaving a sensual web of fancy footwork, dazzling twirls and caressing hands. If Dean didn’t know for a fact that dancer was
Sam’s voice echoes in the hallway, his knuckles rapping softly on the door just a few steps down from his own. It opens slowly, shuts quietly, and two pairs of feet take off in the other direction.
It’s not a lie. He’s alone now, yeah, but he won’t be in another 45 minutes or so. He’s just passing the time, keeping an eye on the clock until his blue-eyed angel storms through the door.
“Sam found me in the library the next day and asked about us,” Cas continued, seemingly unperturbed. “He wanted to know if we were together. A couple. We’d never talked about it, so I just told him I didn’t know.”
Cas’s hands, now free to roam, grabbed Dean’s biceps and pulled him down for a desperate kiss. Dean’s tongue worked into Castiel’s mouth, teeth nipping at the angel’s full lower lip until Cas was moaning into his mouth. Dean pumped in and out of Castiel slowly, taking his time building up their release.
“You know how much I love bacon cheeseburgers,” Cas breathed between kisses. Not a question, a statement. A weird one at that.
After parking and checking the rear-view mirror one last time, Dean strolls through the door wearing that classic shit-eating grin he hasn’t used for some time.
Dean frowned, not trusting his voice enough to answer out loud. He knows it would reduce him to a shell - Cas is his best friend and he’d be lost without him. The force of understanding hit him in the chest. He’d been so selfish, carelessly risking his life not once considering what it would do to Cas if he died. Not to mention the fact that he’d left Cas to find him bloodied and beaten in a warehouse with no preamble.
Sam just raised an eyebrow and said he’d get his own room for the night, bless him. Cas, none the wiser, agreed to meet Dean back at the hotel when they finished the job.
They called Cas for his input and hashed out a plan. It was fool proof, and it was going down at midnight.
In an instant, it’s suspiciously quiet. When Castiel releases his mouth and Dean opens his eyes, the first thing he notices is that they are back in their hotel room. The second is the scowl and sex-hair Castiel is sporting. Dean’s eyes rake over Castiel’s face, taking in every line, every twitch, every blink. He’s a work of art.
By the time Castiel fell into a fitful sleep, he’d half-decided to steal a car the next morning and take off for one of the coasts.
“I think that’s a great plan, Sammy,” Dean said, smiling. “Why don’t you go grab your bag and I’ll help you load up the car?”
Dean didn’t really have a reply for that, so he turned on a Led Zeppelin tape and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.
Dean struggles in Castiel’s grip, attempting to remove himself from the wall and the leg from his manhood.
The telltale flapping of wings caused Dean to whip his head around to confirm that yeah, Cas just dipped out in the middle of
Cas balanced his weight on one hand as the other reached down to fondle Dean’s balls before two fingers slipped back into Dean’s hole. His ass clenched around Cas’ fingers, and the whine that left his mouth was not human. Dean was suddenly overwhelmed by the myriad of sensations. The feel of Cas’ tight hole sliding up and down on his cock, head catching on his rim, plus his fingers pumping in and out of Dean in time with his thrusts, sent Dean careening toward release.
It’s actually been 10 days since their last hunt, but who’s counting. Dean savors the last bite of his cherry pie while Sam pokes away at the laptop, looking for a case. Sam tells him to enjoy the peace and quiet while they have it, but Dean is feeling restless. He can’t stay cooped up in one place without going berserk…and eating all the pie.
Cas’ mouth hovered over Dean’s cock, his breath warm on the sensitive skin. Cas slowly inched his eyes up Dean’s body until they locked on his face. That one look alone could send Dean over the edge. The hooded, lust-blown eyes, flushed cheeks, and swollen lips - Cas was the picture of debauched perfection.
“Oh god yeah...Cas...don’t stop…” Dean felt his climax building, drawing his body up tight like a bow string. “Cas, I’m gonna come…”
Sam is asleep in the passenger seat. The hunt they just wrapped up took a lot out of them. A witch kidnapped and murdered two teenage girls for an immortality spell before Dean and Sam rolled into town. They tracked down her third victim to a massive, abandoned warehouse outside of town (seriously though, why is it always a creepy warehouse?) and set up to gank the old broad.
“YOU. ARE. MINE!” Castiel roars, his face inches from Dean’s, lips close enough to touch if Dean so wanted.
“No, we’ll still have to deal with the witch tomorrow, but at least nobody will turn into a murderous robot tonight.”
Sam enters the kitchen and drops a dirty plate into the sink, eyeing Dean as he nervously gulps down a glass of water.
Castiel spent the entire car ride debating whether or not it was enough to have Dean as a friend, trapped in a state of perpetual longing, than nothing at all. It hurts and he still doesn’t
. Once, just once, Dean wants to be manhandled with all of the strength his angel possesses. He’s dreamed about it Chuck knows how many times and it’s sexy as fuck.
“Are you mad at me?” Dean launched into an apology, hoping to placate Cas before they made it back to the motel. “Look, I’m sorry I didn’t invite you. We figured you were bus—”
Cas broke away from Dean’s lips and kissed up his jawline until his warm breath ghosted over Dean’s ear.
“Wha - what?” Dean opened his eyes in confusion, his hands no longer on Cas' head, his cock no longer inside that gloriously hot mouth. Cas had disappeared.
Cas nodded, licking his lips before taking a deep breath. Dean put the earplugs in, then made some loud noises to make sure he couldn’t hear anything. Dean put a cassette in his stereo and turned up the volume — just because Cas was deprived of sound didn’t mean he had to work in silence.
Dean outright sobbed at Castiel’s proclamation, head hung between his forearms as his hands grasped fistfuls of sheets, knuckles turning white. His cock pulsed, producing a steady stream of precome on his swollen and sensitive head.
Dean watched in silence as the pair finished up the dance. The sound of clapping snapped Dean out of his trance. He wondered how long he’d been staring.
When Dean finally looks up, surprise is added to the swirl of other emotions lining his beautiful face. Like he wasn’t expecting Castiel to actually be sitting there, almost like —
Dean looked up and found Cas biting his lip as if holding in all of the delicious sounds he might make. Dean’s thumb tugged on the angel’s lip releasing it. When Dean sucked Cas’s bottom lip into his mouth and nipped at it with his teeth, Cas moaned.
So many feelings can fit into a name, into four letters. The one taking flight right now is also four letters.
“Cas, I’m yours, I’ve always been yours,” Dean stated, a weight suddenly lifted. It was so matter-of-fact, so simple. Like all of the pieces finally clicked into place for Dean and it wasn’t hard to speak the truth anymore. He belongs to Cas.
When Dean’s hands fisted in the sheets and his panting grew louder, Cas switched up his technique altogether. His hand and mouth alternated directions on Dean’s cock, moving together then apart, dragging yet another guttural moan from Dean. Cas stopped finger fucking him long enough to find Dean’s prostate and
Sam can’t help it and a laugh escapes. Dean freezes and shoots a worried look toward the door, blood draining from his face when he sees Sam standing there.
“I didn’t want to get barbecue sauce on it,” Dean answered, proving his point by turning around, barbecue sauce-covered spoon in hand. They both watched as a dollop of sauce dripped from the spoon and landed on Dean’s taut stomach. This wasn’t part of the plan, but Dean wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. His eyes flicked to Cas before he scooped up the sauce on his finger and raised it to his lips. Dean swears he could hear Cas whimper when he began sucking.
He wasn’t going to last. No man on Earth could have two fingers in his ass, watching his cock sliding in one, and not want to blow his load immediately. He resorted to begging.
Charlie takes him back to the doctor, holds his hand when he can’t find the right words. Now there are little blue pills to go with the white ones.
Sam frowns slightly at that, but before he can reply Dean blurts out, “Are you sure there aren’t any cases we can look into?”
“Cas, please!” Dean arched off the bed, causing Cas to hit his prostate with even more force on the next thrust.
. Whatever, let him pout for a bit and by the time Dean makes it back to the motel, they can kiss and makeup. Like,
Dean’s orgasm ripped through him with a force he’d never experienced before, loads of cum spurting on the bedspread, the headboard, the wall. Pulse after pulse after pulse, white lights firing behind Dean's eyes. As soon as Dean’s ass began clenching in time with his orgasm, Castiel followed him, bucking his hips and filling Dean with hot cum, Dean’s name a moan on his lips.
Cas pulls back as far as he can, then snaps his hips to slam his cock back into Dean’s tight little hole. He sets a relentless pace, his cock stretching Dean’s hole and dragging against his prostate. One hand steadies Dean’s hips as the other grabs onto the back of his neck and shoves his face down against the bedspread.
“Dean, please…” Cas whined now at the loss of contact, but that whine quickly turned into a loud moan when Dean pressed a vibrator to his perineum. Dean grasped Cas’s erection in one hand and stroked him lazily as his other hand ran the vibrator over his tight hole, his ballsack and occasionally his nipples.
As soon as Castiel begins unbuttoning his shirt, Dean turns away to give him some privacy and to hide his own reaction. From behind him, he hears a soft huff of laughter. Desperate to fill the silence only punctuated by the sound of Castiel undressing, Dean stares blankly at the hallway clock and says, “You here to give me ‘the speech’ then?”
, but the box in his hand shudders. He glances up the stairs; Cas is no longer visible, having disappeared into the bright white light, all Patrick Swayze at the end of Ghost, and Dean swears under his choked breath.
As they approach the truck, Benny nods at the driver who hops down from the cab and comes around the side to meet them at the back. He yanks up the rolling shutter, presses a button on a relay switch to activate the hydraulic liftgate.
Dean confirms what she thought, with no inkling of remorse. Yes, he and Cas are having their own after-party tonight. After an entire day of having to pretend that they’re just roommates, Dean wants nothing more than to be skin-on-skin with the love of his life.
Dean licks his dry lips. “I’m, uhhh… clean. I’ve never done that with anybody else before. Dude or chick.”
“Michael’s been with me since the beginning,” Cas says quiet but firm, not meeting Dean’s eyes, “He’s never been anything other than loyal. He did not deserve to die like that.”
Which may explain why Castiel is at a complete loss when Dean stops by Castiel’s own SUV with an expectant look on his face.
“You’re not,” Cas says, and there’s anger and desperation seeping in around the hard edges of his tone. “You’re everything. You’ve never held me back. It’s
Cas’ voice is dipping-into-the-eighth-circle-of hell low, nothing but smoke and thinly-veiled violence when he says, “Are you done?”
Later that night, when he’s stretched open around three of Cas’ fingers, Dean moans out, “Yeah, okay, Cas. Let’s do it. Let’s kill him.”
This time, Cas’ smile is fond, the edges of his tone soft. “Only if you’ll let me win you a disgusting stuffed toy.”
“Not insinuating anything, Benny. Just raising the fact that you were kinda pissed at Cas before the two of you decided to disappear off into the woods together.”
Nick’s brow creases as he backs away, folding the paperwork and tucking it into his inner jacket pocket, “What?”
That monotonous voice definitely takes some getting used to, but it would probably be worse if the tiny chihuahua talked to him directly instead of through his handsome translator.
Scoffing Dean said “Please I can take anything you can dish out.” Dean gritted out trying desperately to hide the tremors that were slowly starting to overtake his body.
That thought was still hard to adjust to. Just a few days ago the thought of Dean had only been an idea and now here he was in his arms. Shaking in his arms, but never the less in his arms. After a few minutes Dean’s shakes had calmed down and he was now trying to escape. “Dean what are you doing?” Castiel rumbled in his usual timber. He ruffled Dean’s hair and watched as his pet puffed up like a cat. Emerald eyes filled with defiance stared him down for a few seconds before reverting back to fear.
“Dean I will never leave you even when you misbehave, but I do want you to know that while you may act up and do bad things you are not bad. Infact, you are quite good. My good boy. The point of punishment isn’t to make you feel like you are bad it is to correct behavior and punish misdeeds.”
He watched over Dean for a good while before the hunter began to twitch in his sleep. Stress and fear marred the formerly softened features of his face as a nightmare clenched its stranglehold. Castiel sat frozen for a few seconds as Dean began to writhe in agony attempting to escape his invisible captor. Upon further examination, Castiel realized that the pain of the nightmare was searing, deep seated, and controlling. Consuming every facet of Dean’s body, it was as if this terror was once again real. Gently shaking his beloved he tried to gently wake the poor man.
Silence, Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had woken to silence instead of waking to his own screams covered in sweat from the never ending night terrors. He honestly had expected to never wake up peacefully again. Similarly, he had assumed that feeling reseted was a thing from his childhood. The life of a hunter having done little favors for feeling safe or rested, so the sound of silence and feelings of warmth were almost alien for Dean. Everyday for as far back as Dean could remember had been spent constantly fighting monsters and scrounging for just enough to get buy with so many years of constant moving and fighting it was hard to remember the last time he had a good night's sleep. Wracking his brain Dean tried to recall the last time he had felt so rested, while also searching for the source of this warmth.
“Shh little one you already are good. It’s okay to make mistakes as long as you learn from them. I know this is all new to you but I’m going to help you learn. We'll be doing this together.” Continuing to pet him he waited until the shaking stopped to give him his next order. “No little one I want you to go kneel on the pillow by the table. And please address me as, Cas, Castiel or sir. No more of this master talk.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Seeing the angel so sad made Dean’s heart ache “Fine fine you can do it, but you have to use more manly scent” Dean grumbled.
The fact that Dean had allowed himself to drop so far was amazing. Castiel hadn’t honestly expected to be able to put Dean under so quickly in their relationship, but it made sense if you take into consideration the sheer amount of stress his poor pet had been through recently. He probably needed some grounding. No, not probably -- Castiel sharply corrected himself. He needed this. That was the main reason that he had forced John to agree to this. The years of neglect that Dean had suffered were simply inexcusable. To a certain extent he understood that John had been crushed by Mary's death, driven mad by the need to get revenge, but that did not excuse the fact that Dean’s needs as a submissive had never been met. In Fact it seemed like they had never been addressed. Judging off the fact that Dean was registered as a dominant leaning switch it was entirely possible that John was in denial about the orientation, or simply would not allow his son to be what he was. It caused Castiel’s blood to boil just thinking about the fact that his mate had never been allowed to drop like this to simply relax in the care and protection of a dominant. Their life had simply never allowed for it. Being on the run all the time, fighting the demons, and fleeing the angels. But that was all about to change Castiel thought as he continued to idly pet Dean helping him go all the way under before gently picking him up and relocating them to his bed. Hopefully soon it could be their bed.
“Hmmm since you’ve been so cooperative this morning I will give you a choice I can inspect you now or after pie. If you pick after pie and I find that you are not clean enough I’ll be bathing you for the next week, but if you pick before I’ll just assume it was an accident because you were so excited for pie” Castiel mused. So maybe choices without a consequence was a bit of a stretch, but was Castiel bathing Dean for a week really a consequence when they both enjoyed it?
“Dean, wake up, it is only a dream. Nothing and no one can get you here," Castiel rumbled in his usual timbre.
Blinking in shock at the politeness, Castiel was momentarily stumped; it was so unlike Dean to be polite without sounding like a soldier. “Hmmm are you sure you cleaned thoroughly? Maybe I should inspect” Castiel teased.
Dean’s eyes slowly fluttered open as his muddled brain tried to push through the fog. His brain was light as a feather and yet his body was an unmovable brick. Speaking of unmovable bricks, since when did Alistair cuddle? At first Dean snuggled into the warm body. To his utter surprise his captor hugged back, pulling him even tighter to his chest. This was a very nice mood… or maybe it was dream, possibly heaven. No this couldn’t be heaven. Surely Dean would remember dying. If Alistair was involved, it would have been terribly horrific. Dean’s thoughts were broken as he felt a gentle hand card through his hair. Something was not right. Even the best mood Dean had ever seen Alistair in was no where near this good. No, if this was real and Alistair was doing this then something terrible was about to happen. Trembling with fear Dean thought
“Dean, he isn’t here. He can’t get you. Nothing will ever get you again.” The strange man rumbled, and for some reason Dean believed him. He believed everything this new man said. There was just something about him something you could trust. That thought terrified him. Shaken to the core, he bolted. Dean ran and ran down the long corridors of the hallway, through the twists and turns, until he finally made it outside. Dean ran. He stepped out on the the porch, and dropped to his knees because he just couldn’t run anymore. The adrenaline had faded and his body had caught up to him. Everything stopped in an instance. Still, the warmth of the sunlight washing over him for the first time in months was worth it. Even just a split second of peace was worth what ever punishment this new tormentor brought. Despite the fact that this was probably the last free moment he would have, he felt at peace. Looking at the blue sky seeing the green grass and feeling the cool wind wisp around him was enough. It reminded him of home. The home he had before his mother died. The home he dreamed of after every fight. The home that gave him hope through every beating Alistair gave him. Despite everything, he felt at home in this moment.
What did I agree to? How could I agree to being someone else's pet? Is that all it takes now are some piercing blue eyes? Shaking his head. Well in for a penny in for a pound at the very least perhaps the blue eyed man would feed him. So with that in mind he used his resolve to open the door and follow the smell. It turned out to be quite a journey to find the kitchen. Perhaps his sense of smell was deteriorating or maybe this house was just far to big. Either way after struggling through the long twisting hallways he finally managed to find the kitchen. It was larger than he had been expecting with and island gorgeous granite counters, a stove far larger than any one person could need. It was like something you would see in a catalog everything in immaculate condition. Well everything except the blue eyed man his sex hair seeming to point in every direction. It seemed that he always had that disheveled look to him but somehow he still managed to appear in complete control. Every movement he made was deliberate and calculated like watching someone paint only with food instead of paint.Remembering himself Dean gracefully went to his knees placing his arms behind his back and bowing his head in submissions. He remembered what Alistair had taught him. Pets were to be seen and not heard.
All he could do was stare at the water. No matter how shaken he was, all he could do was stare. “Dean? Dean, are you alright?” asked voice a that seemed to have the roar of thunder and the calm of the sea all at once. Steady hands were on his shoulders bringing him slowly back into reality and the first thing of this new reality was blue. An electric blue that seemed to captivate everything. Even Venus would be awestricken by the electricity of these eyes. They held so much life in them in comparison to the black pits that were Alistair’s. “Alistair, If I never see him again it will be soon.”  Dean thought, shivering, terror ripping through him at just the thought of his name. Surely he would barge in at any minute and begin beating Dean one minute then pretending to soothe him the next. That was the worst of it. You never knew when it was coming. It just came and took everything all at once, leaving nothing but a broken mess in its wake.
Arms wrapping around his neck shook Castiel out of his stupor. Shocking Cas more than he thought possible, Dean was hugging him. In spite of all the pain and damage that this man had suffered, he continued to be capable of trust. Castiel was astonished. He had not expected affection from Dean for a long, long time. This was truly amazing progress. Placing a gentle kiss on his beloved's forehead, he pulled Dean even closer.
“What do you care? It’s true. I’m pathetic. Not good for anything but pleasing Master. It’s what I was made for.”
Visiting earth with Gabriel was always an adventure, a rule breaking adventure, one that much to Castiel’s chagrin he couldn’t resist making. Sometimes they would see great wars, or monuments, other times they would just watch the mundane. Today was a case of the latter. The two angels had gone to visit a small meadow with a pond. The meadow was full of beautiful flowers and gentle rolling hills much like those depicted in a fairy tail. It was mostly empty except for a woman and her daughter who were happily feeding ducks, an activity that greatly confused Castiel.
“Roses have thorns, what could be more manly?” Castiel deadpanned feigning obliviousness before planting a kiss on the hunters pouting lips. “But just for you once or twice this week can we use your old soap. Sound good?” Castiel asked, failing to hide his excitement at the fact that Dean wanted the intimacy.
Waking with a jolt, Dean shot up battle-ready, only to immediately panic in confusion. The new surroundings were quite jarring. Blinking a few times, his memory came back to him slowly. The result was him immediately flying onto the floor. The change of positions happened so quickly that it left Castiel frozen in shock for the slightest of moments. Reaching down, Castiel scooped Dean up into his arms as if he were a babe, cradled him to his chest, and began gently rocking him, all the while whispering sweet nothings to him. After a few minutes of this, Dean broke away from the memories that were trying to overtake him. Castiel’s Grace allowed, or rather forced, himself, to witness what exactly Dean had experienced in his initial meeting with Alistair.
“Wh-What....” Dean struggled for a second before deciding that he was not going to quake in fear. No. Not again. He wouldn’t be weak again. “What the hell do you want with me?” Dean ground out, jaw firm and fists clenched.
The trinkets had seemed frivolous at the time, yet Castiel could never bring himself to get rid of them. They helped him remember the people who had long since passed giving a link to Earth, a place he had secretly loved to visit, as well as reminding him of his carefree brother Gabriel. Gabriel seemed to be less bound by his duties as an Archangel than Castiel. Perhaps this was a result of his decision to be slightly more rebellious than the dutiful Castiel. Or maybe Castiel simply needed the extra shove of another to bend the rules. Admittedly, bringing Dean to his nest was bending quite a large rule and he was sure that when Micheal found out he would be in a great deal of trouble, but that was a problem for later. For now his focus was solely on helping Dean recover and starting their new life together.
Being an angel Castiel had felt Dean walk into the room but had refrained from acknowledging him it was important to take this slow. The damage Alistair had done was extensive and too much change would give him culture shock possibly doing more damage than good. With that in mind Castiel decided that he would continue the pet play inspite of the fact that he wanted Dean’s consent and desire. This is what his new mate was used to it would help him feel secure and at the least Castiel could give him that. Placing the plate on the counter he went to the living room and got a pillow. Even if he was going to allow Dean to be his pet he wouldn’t allow him to suffer anymore undue damage. He had really hoped that they could wait to do anything like this until Dean was fully healed but either way they would be doing it the right way. He would show Dean that he was safe. Setting the pillow down in front of his chair, he liked to be able to look down and see his pets eyes and for his pets to be able to easily touch him, not that he had been with many like this but in his limited experience he had realised he didn’t want a statue he wanted a companion. With that in mind he made his way over to Dean.
Breaking out of his trance Castiel exclaimed “Of course! I’m sorry Dean I got too excited and forgot about the pie.” Humming Castiel pulled away from Dean to grab a slice of pie. “ Now Dean I would like to feed this to you is that alright?” Castiel asked, returning to his sultry gravelly voice forcing Dean into a brief period of thought before he nodded much to Castiel’s amusement. Normally Castiel would insist upon a verbal acknowledgement of a direct question, but he imagined that even answering the question was difficult for Dean so he let it go opting instead to move the pair to a big chair in the living room settling Dean upon his lap so he could begin feeding the hunter small bites of pie insisting that Dean savoir each bite. Castiel longed for the day when he could hand feed Dean so the hunters plump lips would wrap around his fingers instead of a fork, but this was a close second to that. At first Dean sat rigidly unsure of what to do with himself, but with each morsel he began to melt into Castiel’s arms becoming like jelly as he learned to enjoy the pampering.
Chuckling Castiel responded “Yes, but it needs to finish cooling off so why don’t you go ahead and clean up first.” To the untrained ear Castiel’s request might sound like a question, however there is an undertone of dominance that makes it clear that it is not a request, but rather it is an order one which is expected to be obeyed.
Oftentimes one's mind serves as the strongest prison offering no respite from the seemingly endless tournament that comes as a result of long-suffered trauma. However, even if someone is locked away in their mind time does not stop it continues to move forward pressing on towards a new day with new hope. The caged man may not see this movement, yet, it is ever present, constant and unyielding serving as the ultimate master over all. Even when time feels frozen it is in fact continuing to march onward towards tomorrow never pausing or stopping. Understanding the concept of time provides clarity in times of trepidation, because even if the present is insurmountable time provides the opportunity for things to change.
“No,” The man’s hand stopped and he seemed enraged for a split second. Ready to kill. Until he saw the way Dean clenched up in fear trying to evade the blow he knew would come. Immediately beginning his ministrations again, he continued “I’m sorry if I frightened you little one, but when I think about what that monster did to you... What he has caused you to think. It fills me with rage. There is no punishment great enough for the atrocity of what he has done. Dean you are not pathetic. You are strong and amazing. The fact that you could endure what he put you through is utterly amazing. There aren't many that would have survived it. Yet you did. You came out of it strong and brave. I know you don’t feel either of those things right now but you will given time and healing you will be yourself again. But that can’t happen if you think thoughts like that. I will allow it this once since you were not aware of the rules but should it happen again there will be consequences.” His eyes softened once again as Dean began shaking. “Now, now little one they won’t be anything like what Alistair subjected you. I am strict but not unfair. They will fit any crimes should you choose to disobey them. I don’t suspect you will after you get accustomed to your new home, but I am sure at first you will struggle. It is in your nature after all.” Dean paled. Was he to be yet another freaks pet? No, he couldn’t. He couldn’t bare the thought of being someone else's pet. The agony of the first time was more than enough. The man chuckled “Do not worry little one you will not be my pet.” The relief was immediate only to be cut short by the mans next statement. “ You are to be my mate.”
“I believe humans call it marriage. When I rescued you from Alistair I was forced to mate with you by infusing my grace with your soul. It was quite damaged and there was no other way to heal your injuries. I know it’s a lot to take in and I took something from you that you will not ever be able to get back. It may not seem fair and you may have even wanted to die but in the few minutes I knew you, I knew I had to save you. Your soul was just so bright and pure inspite of everything. I couldn’t let it die. Even if I would never be able to mate and the chance that you might not ever love me I had to save you. I know it’s probably too much to ask but if you are willing I would like to get to know you. To give you the opportunity to decide if you want to be my mate or not.”
Once he was satisfied with how he looked and sure that he was clean enough to pass Castiel’s rigorous inspection, shuddering at the embarrassing nature of some of Castiel’s inspections which often involved every orifice of his body, Dean prepared to go see about the delicious smelling apple pie. The aroma was overpowering even the rosy soap that Castiel insisted he use. Dean would prefer a more manly scent, but the delicate scents seemed to make Castiel very happy so he would put up with them. Making his way over to the kitchen like an eager puppy Dean stopped in front of Castiel with a slight bounce “I’m clean, can I pleaaseee have pie now?”
The last time he could remember a warmth even remotely similar to the one offered by the angel his Mother had been alive. Given how young he had been since Mary was alive he was quite touch starved for affection. One-night stands and quick flings never offered this sort of feeling and were typically just quick nights of passion with little regard for the emotions of the other only providing meaningless sexual release. Prior to having this sort of intimacy Dean would have fiercely argued that it was for pansies, that he did not need it, and would only ever do it for a beautiful woman. However, after experiencing he was not sure if he could live without it, but you’d never hear him admit that. With sleep overtaking him Dean was comforted by the presence of the angel once again providing sanctuary for him to sleep.
Sorry for the delay in update, but here it is. For this chapter no warnings are really needed just be aware that this is very d/s theme heavy. Feed back is super welcomed and appreciated!
However, for Dean, time marches on, the ebb and flow of each day passing in rhythm melds together blurring the lines between each passing day. How long would it be until this new reality felt tangible? What would it take to move beyond a fevered dream into the corporeal? Everyday Dean expected to wake up back in hell to hear the sickening sound of Alister's voice. When would this nightmare finally end? What would it take to shatter the shackles weighing him down? Currently time is serving as the both the chain and the liberator for Dean. Each day seeming to never end with no sign of escape from the torment of his mind, but there is also hope in tomorrow. Perhaps a new day will offer a new perspective.
“Good boy.” Castiel said and he meant it too feeling his heart swell with pride as Dean accepted the food from him. After watching the confusion on his face Castiel had been unsure if he would accept it but he was simply overjoyed. This was astronomical progress. Everything inside him wanted to scoop him up in his arms and feed him on his lap. Unfortunately that was currently not an option so he settled for picking up a grape and bringing it again to his lips. The caution seemed to lessen this time with Dean only hesitating for a second before take the grape slowly. He wrapped his lips around the grape, creating a vacuum and sucking it. The vibrations sending tiny shocks threw Castiel. Any lesser man would have acted on the way those plush cupid lips wrapped around his fingers, but alas Castiel knew it was not yet the time for that. If progress went well it just might be soon. Until then however he would stick to nurturing Dean in order to help heal the wounds that had been created. The small popping sound and lack of suction abruptly pulled him out of his thoughts. With a quick glass down he could see the hopefulness on Dean’s face that there would be more food coming. Chuckling gently he once again carded his hands through his pets hair and offered him a token of praise before continuing to feed him off the platter. He continued through this process for quite some time until he saw Dean’s eyes droop becoming half lidded and glossy. The calm seeming to consume him forming a blanket around him touching every fiber of his being. Through the course of the meal Dean had begun to lean against Castiel's leg resting almost fully against his thigh.
As Dean began to rustle strong arms gently tightened around him as if they were also afraid the spell of peace would end. “Settle down Dean we can rest for a bit longer” Castiel said in his usual gravely voice with a measured finality that brooked no room for argument. Despite the strong urge to rebel Dean felt an even more powerful urge that longed to remain in Castiel’s arms where it was safe and warm. Secretly Dean longed to stay in this peaceful moment of time forever. Maybe life Castiel could always be like this if Dean simply allowed the Angel to guide him. Settling down seemed like the best option for now at least. Dean could enjoy more of this blessed rest that was so foriegn to him. Later he could correct the issue of his pride.
Castiel shook with anger. How could anyone put a creature so beautiful through such hell? How could he himself have done that to his precious Dean? Had he not just done that to his beloved? Had he not forced his hand and brought Dean pain? Was he any better than Alistair? At the same time, this was the life Dean currently needed. He had been accustomed to the lack of freedom and simply could not cope with it anymore. He needed Castiel to create boundaries and limits. He also needed things Alistair never gave him. He needed compassion and love, he needed someone that truly cared about him and his well being. That was who Castiel would be; that is what he had to be. If he had any hope of pulling Dean out of the dark place he was in, then he had to be everything Alistair was not.
This was the calm coming before the inevitable storm. Knowing Dean’s past, Castiel knew getting him to accept this new life would be almost impossible. He hoped to show Dean that he could be both a hunter and belong to Castiel. That there was no reason to fight his nature. That sometimes good things do happen. He chuckled quietly to himself. It was probably too soon for that lesson. No, if he was being honest with himself he would be lucky if he could get Dean to accept the new routine compared to Alistair's or John’s. John. He had to figure out how John managed to keep Dean stable without putting him under. There had to be some outlet otherwise Dean would have already snapped. It simply was not possible for a submissive to function without dropping on occasion. The years of neglect definitely explained why he had dropped so impossibly fast. Damn it Castiel thought he needed to stop doing this to himself. There was nothing he could do about that now except address Dean’s future needs. Hopefully that would be enough. Looking down he realized that at some point Dean had fallen asleep. He looked so peaceful all the stress seemed to have melted away. Castiel decided that he too would sleep. Well not sleep -- angels don’t sleep in the same way humans do, but he could lay with Dean and enjoy his presence until he woke.
Castiel chuckled. He doubted the hunter would appreciate that particular term of agreement. Once the sound of laughter hit Dean’s ears he froze. Castiel planted a soft kiss on his forehead and began to rub circles into his back to try and ease the tension.
Providing an array of choices was something Castiel put a great deal of stock into which is why Castiel had 2 of nearly everything in the house be it soap or food so that there were many opportunities for Dean to begin making decisions and each time the hunter made one Castiel made sure to offer small reassuring touches. The times when Dean could not decide Castiel would simply pick for him offering calm reassurances that it was okay and that making decisions was hard for everyone. There were times when people needed help making decisions and it was perfectly fine if Dean needed Castiel to help with those decisions. Of course Castiel secretly, or not so secretly, enjoyed making decisions for others. Making those decisions made Castiel feel more in control of the situation providing immense relief, while for Dean not having to make those decisions provided a different form of relief in the freedom from choice. With how difficult making decisions had become for Dean, Castiel was deeply proud every-time Dean managed to make his own decision even if it was a small one, because it showed more signs of healing.
“You invited me,” Castiel responds reasonably, closing the book —  Eric, by Pratchett — and sliding it back into place. Dean catches the glint of a thin silver ring through Castiel’s left nipple when he moves over to another shelf, intent on another book. “It would have been rude not to come when you asked me to.”
“Oh.” Disappointment colors her tone. “Yes, yes of course. Marriage is sacred and, like you said about your parents, no matter what happens, those who are bound before God will always be so.” And then because she can’t help her petty self, she adds, “Even if one party isn’t deserving of such a commitment.”
It gives him a wicked-hot little thrill, reminding both himself and Cas that what they’re doing here is wrong and selfish and stupid. It’s not gonna stop him; Dean wants to be adored, wants to be chased, wants to be wanted, dammit, and Cas is so forward in his desire for Dean that it’s hard (heh) to give a damn about the consequences of what they’re doing here. Dean’s spent the majority of his life making sure everyone else around him is safe, fed, and cared for. Why can’t he put himself first for once?
. Like Dean and Cas could block out the world and everything would cease to exist if they could just keep doing this forever.
There’s a horrifyingly loud crackle, like a bonfire in Dolby Digital surround sound, and that’s all the warning Dean gets.
“Were you not there when you ate an entire carton of raw beef? Did I hallucinate that shit? Or when our daughter — who admittedly is not a doctor — diagnosed you with a serious case of the deads?”
They’ve seen each other in various states of undress before, of course they have. A quick sneak peek here, a quick I-forgot-my-clean-shirt-when-I-went-for-a-shower there.
- to me?” Cas’ expression is carefully blank, but something passes behind his eyes that gives him away, “I love the romantic chivalry and all, Cas, but it’s fine. Don’t make this a revenge mission, it just needs to be an execution for the safety of everyone we care about, and the continuation of our business.” He reaches up to touch his fiancé on the shoulder, squeezes, “Nothing personal, remember?”
They sit in a pleasant, companionable silence. Despite Cas’ insistence that Dean ruins everything by talking (something Dean proved him wrong about last night), he’s actually content to just exist like this for a while.
? A gun, possibly? Though the microwaves might be able to house a little peashooter, no chance of a Glock or anything of actual use. On top of that, there has to be at least sixty microwaves now along that back wall,
The crowd cheers as the interloper makes his way to the ring. He slides in, under the ropes, stomach and chest flat to the canvas, athletic and fluid, muscles bunching and flexing as he gracefully shoves up to his feet. Standing there opposite Dean, he fills out his blue and black tights oh so fucking well; the stark colors a perfect match with his eyes and hair, and all Dean can do is gape like a barely-functioning moron, dry-mouthed and catching flies.
After a few minutes of this Dean decided to muster up the courage to stand up at the very least. Why would this new owner go to the trouble of healing Dean and give him a bed. Things Alistair only did if completely necessary if he intended on completely breaking Dean. If anything maybe he would give Dean just a little bit of the food. Dean really only wanted a taste he hadn’t had food in so long. Yeah that’s it he would find the new master and beg him for just a taste. Quickly drawing up what little resolve he had Dean made his way to the door gripping the cool surface it brought memories rushing back like water. Seeming to come out of nowhere. He remembered where he was. He remembered the blue eyed man. It was becoming clear again.
For a long while Dean didn’t know what to say. On the one hand he didn’t understand why someone like this man would want to save him. He also didn’t understand why he hadn’t just let him die. It’s what he had begged for in the end after he had given up hope of being rescued. Yet for some reason he didn’t want that anymore. This man made him feel safe. Loved. Cared for. But he hardly knew this man. He shouldn’t feel those things, yet when he looked into those eyes filled with hope all he could do was say. “Yes.”
