Once in the privacy of the barn, he steps out of his pants, folding them before he struggles his way into his only other pair.
The memory of Jody telling them that Dean is the one that she’s here to inquire about likes to spring forth in Castiel’s mind unbidden at all times of the day. Each time it does, it sends another spike down his spine.
“Hello, Dean,” he says as he approaches. “Sorry about yesterday, I hope you didn’t find the work too hard; I know you said you didn’t need the help but…” He trails off not sure exactly where he was planning to go with that sentence.
“I assume, I would just have to hire someone else to cover for that discrepancy,” his father says slowly, as though he’s catching on. Castiel’s got to hand it to him, that was faster than we would have thought.
He walks up beside Dean and ignores the way his skin seems to excite with their closeness. He reads the first page, trying and failing not to let Dean’s writing hit him so squarely in the chest. He begins to worry about his ability to breathe for the rest of his life.
“Castiel, I’m going to be taking the boy his supper tonight. I want to talk to him about the changes that will come with the arrival of your older siblings. You’re free to do as you wish tonight seeing as you no longer have to waste your time out there.”
All his work takes him the better part of the days between their return and the arrival of the interested party. So much so that he’s hardly had time for his proper chores. Much to his father's likely upset, Cas has again put off his work with Charles to aid Dean in completing what he’s not able to do on his own.
Dawn creeps in around them, bathing everything around them in soft yellow light. It filters into their little camp, though one would be hard-pressed to call it such in good faith considering it consists of the two of them huddled together under the gig where it sits parked, Ringer a few yards away tied up to a tree.
Dean’s answering smile, though fleeting, warmed him from the inside, replacing some of the chill that still lingered from his conversation with his pa.
“I understand that this isn’t as big an announcement as some of you may have been expecting, but nonetheless I didn’t think it right to not share the updates of your home,” his pa finishes. Some of his siblings raise questions but none raise issue with it.
The sun paints shadows that grow long on the ground around them, casting haunting shapes that as a child had scared him more than his parents could stand. Gabriel had always been the one to calm him, only a couple of years older and yet, so protective of him. He often wonders if Gabriel had known all those years back that Castiel wasn’t like his siblings, had known that the world would be cruel to him, beat him down in more ways than one and leave him to deal with the fallout, and he, in whatever way he could, had shouldered some of the burden for him to make it easier. Had shown him love and selflessness long before the world could begin to rob him of the pretenses a child has.
Cas seems none the wiser, calmly going about some task or another. He checks left and right as imperceptibly as he can and his stomach drops while his heart makes a new home in his throat.
Dean’s blacked out eyes slam shut as he nods. Tremors rock down his body and he cants his hips forward ever so slightly as the need that courses through him reaches a high.
He’s checking the barrel, the cylinder clicked out, his few bullets in a small pile next to him, when Cas walks in.
He turns back around and holds out the pouch, “This is just about all we have left fellas; it should do you just fine for the rest of your travels.”
. And not for the first time, Dean finds himself desperately trying not to read into that at all. After all, it’s easy to misspeak, it doesn't mean that Cas is opposed to women.
Though he hadn’t gotten the chance to go out with dinner that night he was able to spend the next few days with Winchester even if his mind was clouded with the wellbeing of his sister. He’d quickly learned that of all the things Winchester was, stubborn might take first place.
“Jesus dude why the hell are you up?” Dean asked hand to his chest, a tad bit more dramatic than what was necessary. He sidestepped his double and headed to the fridge.
He wakes, as Charles said, to the crowing of the roosters and sighs, stretching the stiffness from his body. Remy makes a huffing noise a few stalls over, it seems she’s an early riser as well. He realizes belatedly that she is the only animal sharing this space and figures this must be a storage barn of sorts. He hadn't gotten a good look at the property the day before, content to only take notice of the house, barn, and stables, not registering the possible uses of the other buildings.
, he made his father think with just a few words that Dean was nothing more than a poor lonely man that Castiel had allowed to form a friendship with him to benefit Dean and Dean alone.
Cas gives him a look that no one could misinterpret as anything but him being wholly unamused with his logic on the subject.
“Okay you need more proof, I did some digging while you all were off doing whatever it was that you were doing, plus I called a couple of your contacts in one of the many phones you guys have here - side note I may have said that a witch cursed you with an amnesia spell so you should probably call them back - and I asked around, now, while I didn't get a ton of info I got enough. We both know about the panty kink we've had for most of our lives, we both wanted our father's approval more than anything, we both feel like we are somehow responsible for our mother's death because if our 4 year old self had only gone to bed without fuss then our father wouldn't have crashed on the couch accidentally, and maybe he would have been the one to get up to check on Sam instead of our mother. Those I just know, there are a few things that are inherent to the makings of Dean Winchester and those are them.
He tells them again and again, he’s proud of them, that he loves them, that he wants the best for them, wants them to find what makes them happy.
He would have gladly sat with his youngest siblings and his nieces and nephews, having already done so in the rotation of adults taking their turn to take care of the staggering number of young children, but his father apparently needed his sons at the table for this supper.
“You certainly are not,” Cas replies, the heat in his gaze resounding in its intensity, and Dean wishes that just once he could read the man better.
Cas mentions something about a baby all the while perking up out of the melancholy he was in before and when an opening can be found Dean cuts in to ask, “Did you get a look at Impala before you joined us?”
The town fades into haze behind him but he refuses to watch as it does so; all that matters to him is moving forward. Leaving his past, those people, his mistakes behind him. Forging a life for himself wherever he can and maybe being fortunate enough to move on from what he’s done. A luxury he’s never been afforded, but as always, he hopes maybe this time will be different.
A growl sounds from low in Cas’ throat before he eases his fingers out of Dean. He whines at the loss regardless of the slow movements and guides Cas’ well lubed cock so the blunt crown presses against his hole.
“I’ve been patching kids up for twenty-four years and I don't think I’ve ever once been thanked so kindly before.”
He pokes his head into Hannah's room on his way back through the house and smiles at her when she looks up. He walks in and drops a kiss on her forehead, feeling the burning heat of her skin and promises that he’ll spend some time reading with her tomorrow if not later tonight.
He watches with detached focus as a bat swoops into the waning light, free of the dangers the day holds, so much like himself and how he treads around Winchester. Their contact changes so much with the moon's appearance in the sky, he awaits it more each passing day as he thinks the bat must wait for the cooling earth to signal its moment to fly again.
He grabs the starter and lights a few of the sconces around the room. He wants to crack a window simply for the pleasure of watching the curtains blow about in the breeze but he holds off. He doesn't want the entire ranch’s worth of bugs to fly towards the lights.
Sitting up, he listens again, adrenaline pumping through his veins. He hears steady footfalls suddenly and his grip on his gun tightens. He raises it in warning to whoever is on the outside of the barn. Panic flashes through him, it makes no sense, the timing doesn’t fit at all, neither does the evidence but still he immediately thinks that he’s been found. That his time on the farm has surely endangered everyone and everything on it. He cocks the gun and waits.
He loops his arms around Cas’ middle from behind and relishes in the comfort of Cas leaning his head back to rest against Dean’s shoulder. They sway slightly as they take in the place, the painted wood walls, the fireplace that takes up the centre of the parlours wall, the windows above the kitchen’s sink.
It's amazing as much as it’s terrifying but he’s stopped fighting it. He knows what he wants, and he knows he can have it.
He loses his rhythm soon, the myriad of sensations becoming too much for him to handle. Dean gasps and claws along Cas’ back scoring the skin, leaving lines of red in his wake. He can’t help the odd pride that overwhelms him to know his claim is left on Castiel, knowing how red and marked Cas’ back must be by now.
He’s been in this odd liminal space more times than he can count but Castiel hasn’t and Dean’s not sure how he’s going to take the feeling that comes with being this far from anything that resembles civilization. There's something about it that makes you feel uniquely small, and alone even with another person beside you. Yet oddly grandiose, being the only person to be able to break the silence of the space, the only one to leave marks in the earth. It’s sobering and wonderful and terrifying all at once and Dean relishes in the oddness of the moments spent in places like this.
He hates being the only one sat on the ground when around other people, strangers especially, it makes him vulnerable, exposed, an easy target, but it’s not like he could stand to eat. Even with the man looking less superior he still bristles at the unbalance. He’s just set about eating again when the man speaks.
He thinks of Sam, how Winchester had recalled how often the boy tried to push his brother into schooling, about how next time the brothers meet the gap between them won’t be so insurmountable. He thinks about the parents who lost the chance to see their son grow, be it their fault or not.
Dean doesn't fully understand Cas’ situation. A part of him thinks that had he had an overbearing mother growing up, he would have listened to every word she said and would have taken it as gospel; but he knows that he can’t understand what it’s like to have that. Pain flares in his chest just as it always does when he thinks of a life he could have had if circumstances had been different but burying that sort of thing is second nature to him and his mind barely stays on it for a moment.
Castiel,” he says, drawing the last syllable out on a moan as Cas latches onto the skin below his collarbone.
He barely sleeps that night, and when he does it’s propped up outside Cas’ room, waking at every whisper and every creaking floorboard.
“I went on a walk, needed to get out of the house for a bit,” he lies with a raised eyebrow, hoping to tell Dean that he heard the slip-up.
Light shines through the cracks in the door and his nerves heighten more. It’s likely he won't be able to see who it is once they open the door, blinded by the light for a second, which has always been a second too long. He’s easy prey, every move this person makes works in their favour.
Nerves curl in Dean’s stomach as he goes about the rest of his day. Even with all of their planning, there are so many ways this could all go to shit.
Dean watches as Cas retreats to the shade with his family and something grips his heart and lungs, his whole chest feels a bit tight and without his permission, a smile spreads across his face. Just as he’s dealing with what all that can possibly mean, Cas makes it back to the group and three children hurl themselves at him. He grabs one and spins them around as a dazzling smile covers his whole face, the kind that even from a distance Dean knows shows his gums and scrunches up his nose.
She looks oddly conflicted, but Castiel doesn’t have it in him to decode her expression. Not when Dean is flipping the first page to ensure that his choice stays unknown.
Dean shakes his head fondly before catching himself and stifling off the action and the thoughts that accompany it. He shouldn't be getting fond over Cas, he shouldn't be imagining feelings and innuendos where there aren't any, simply because he wishes for something he can't have.
He hates that his father is the same type of person that’s caused Dean to be as cautious as he is, as closed off and untrusting as he was when they first met. The same type of man that would have kicked Dean from their store over the slightest of things. The fact that Dean had to deal with any of that, that people couldn't see past one label
“You know Dean, I don't think I’ve ever met someone who laughs while in pain,” Cas says as he gently lays a hand on the back of Dean’s non-injured shoulder. It stretches from his fingers splayed on the flat bone of his shoulder to the heel of his hand on his ribs. He valiantly fights the shudder that tries to make its way through his body.
It doesn't help that each time Cas uses his name a jolt runs through his body, and he says his name a lot. Almost like he wants to make sure Dean knows it. As though he could even for a moment forget the fact that he finally has a name.
He doesn’t allow himself to second guess, craning his head down and pressing a gentle kiss to Castiel's forehead and when Cas looks up, he lets himself get pulled into a chaste kiss.
“Good morning Jody, I take it your ride here was pleasant?” he asks once he’s beside her, taking the liberty to begin unhooking the gig from the back of her own cab.
As the farm disappears into the darkness behind them, Dean finds that the pull to watch it go isn’t as strong when there’s a future waiting for him.
.” Dean cuts him off with another grind. Cas bucks up into him and punches the breath clean from his lungs.
Looking towards the source of the voice, Dean sees a young girl making her way over to the horse pen. Cas sighs minutely before he walks over to the fence line.
He shuffles off Cas’ lap and steps out of his clothes as Cas does the same and moves further onto the bed. His length stretches proud against his stomach and Dean’s mouth waters as he remembers his taste and the weight of him in his mouth. He crawls forwards and smirks when Cas’ breath hitches in his throat. Moving in close, Dean can see that there's hardly any blue to be found in Cas’ eyes, his pupils blown so wide they swallow almost every bit of their beauty.
They grip into each other as they get used to the sensations. After a minute Dean lifts his ass experimentally and lowers himself down again. Arousal sparks along his spine and the curling pressure at its base begins to gather again.
“I’d have thought that with all these scars you would be better able to avoid injury, and yet here you are with three all at once.”
“I rise at dawn, so I expect you to do so, too if not sooner. Don’t worry, the roosters will wake you in time for that. Breakfast will be then, but you best eat it quickly. The horses set about all day and’ll need taking care of. Most all the other animals we’ve got here are left to themselves. I’ll be giving you Remy, here, for when you go to fix up the property, so make sure you get comfortable with her before that.” He pats the black horse that he had ridden out on as he goes on, “The wash closet is off the back entrance, use it as you need to. My boy will be out after supper to give you some food. Just sit tight till then."
He never thought himself stupid enough to land himself in such a scenario. And he was far from foolish enough to think that Dean would stay, especially when he had a chance at seeing his brother, at making a place for himself, and a way to build up a better reputation for himself. It’s all Dean had said (or implied) he wanted. Who was Castiel to ask him to stay? Who was he to keep Dean from what he’d always wanted because he’s selfish enough to want him for himself?
He finds himself wondering if Dean’s leg still bothers him at night. Some time ago Castiel had given him an extra pillow to set his leg on as he slept after one particularly bad day. It wasn't a day that was any more strenuous than normal but Dean had insisted that he could go back to doing the majority of the work, shifting the work to himself instead of relying on Castiel to pick up the sack as it were. It had been maybe a week since his fall but he refused to take it easy. The two of them had gone out to the fence line to repair them. Castiel had only gone because Dean was still favouring his uninjured leg and if he was going to need assistance Castiel had wanted to be there. Of course, there was also the fact that he was intensely drawn to the man and found that if he could rely on any excuse to be near him, he would take it without hesitation.
To save Dean from having to, Castiel speaks up quickly, “Jody is it okay if I sign in print rather than cursive, I'm afraid that I’ve not been using it very often and as such my skill when using it has decreased shockingly."
The day he lets himself recognize his choice, he’s both excited and apprehensive. Ringer can tell his emotions are off, he is more skittish and less cooperative. It does nothing to calm Dean down considering his entire draw for these people is his ability to work and train horses.
Perhaps Dean regrets his choice of farm, though Castiel can only think of one reason Dean would do such a thing, he assumes Dean must be nervous to see Sam again after so much has changed for him.
By the same time the following day, after again spending it apart due to the presence of Cas’ family still being on the farm, they’d seemed to have come to a mutual understanding, one that didn't require the flask to incite action. Though it was only regarding the continuation of their dalliances and spoke nothing of the feelings Dean continued to spend so much of his time sorting through.
He nods again and his eyes flick to Cas’ lips, he wants so badly to kiss him, to prove to himself that things will be okay. The decision is made for him as Cas draws him in. It’s beautifully painful, heart-wrenching and everything that he needed. When they pull apart Dean runs his hands along the sides of Cas’ face, not moving back at all.
Cas comes back out of the house with the tin of Vaseline just as his ma grabs a bottle of dark liquid. “Boy this is going to sting, I’m cleaning the cut now so just sit still.”
He looks up and by some chance Cas is walking right towards them, he seems to only have eyes for Dean, not registering Sam’s presence until he’s sat down. The back of their hands brush against each other intentionally, and Dean hooks his pinky with Cas’ just for the comfort.
He grabs the entire chest and hauls it over to Cas’ side. He doesn’t even notice the pain in his arm anymore.
Then again, if he had to suffer through a life that he never wanted, a life he could barely think of handling now let alone when faced with it, to get that experience again he would gladly pass it up. It wouldn't be fair to him or his wife or even the children they would have.
“I’ve got a younger brother too,” he starts, digging his nails into his palm to get ahead of the emotions that already threaten to overwhelm him. “He lives far enough away that I don’t see him much but my pay goes to him, he’s studying now too.”
Dean ever wanted. “You can’t hide this from yourself any longer, not when you are literally face to face with the one person who knows your full of shit.”
“No reason to sugar coat it now is there?” she replies easily. “Stop rolling your joint. Castiel could you run inside and grab the Vaseline please, we need to cover the burn to prevent it from getting any worse, it should be upstairs, Duma skinned her knee a few weeks ago, that was the last time anyone had cause to use it. I’m going to inspect his cut to see if it needs stitches before I begin to work on it after I bandage up his shoulder.”
“Oh god, how I’d follow you to damnation,” Cas continues as he shimmies his own pants down just enough to free his cock. Dean spits into his hand but before he can wrap his hand around Cas’ length, Cas stops him. Before he can get too far into panic, Cas reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small tin. He pops it open and Dean sees that it’s filled with the same jelly that was put on his shoulder burn. Cas gathers some in his hand and transfers it onto Dean’s. Understanding, he rubs it around out of curiosity before he reaches down and strokes Cas’ cock in the tunnel of his fist.
There's a buzzing in his ears that does wonders to tune out the rest of the conversation, but Jody isn’t looking at him at all so he assumes that he’s safe in being absent from the proceedings. Distantly, he is thankful that no one deemed it necessary for Dean and him to shake hands as well.
The focus on a violent love turns him off from the song but there’s a pull in his mind with each iteration of “
With Hannah’s return home, the Novak’s had cause to celebrate. Cas had told him that his older brothers and sister were due to come home in a few days. The arrival had spirits running even higher than they had when Hannah recovered.
even ‘Cas I’ve taken notice of your interest in me and while I’m flattered, please know that if the advances continue they will likely make me uncomfortable’. Dean could take two minutes to set things straight but instead, he refuses to give Castiel any clue as to why he’s distancing himself, and he doesn't know how much more of it he can take.
Tears threatened to ruin his work by blocking his field of view but each time he tilted his head to the sky and tried to breathe through it.
He had wanted to scream then and he still wants to scream now. He truly doesn't understand how things so quickly went to rot. He and Dean were getting somewhere, or at least it seemed that way to Castiel. Dean was opening up, it wasn't just desire, it was genuine a connection between them. But now Dean is leaving.
The gentleness of this gets to him, it gets under his skin as his mind fights itself. He wants this so badly, to be tangled up with Cas as the world moves slowly around them. But he’s antsy, he doesn’t get to have this kind of thing in life. He doesn't get to let his guard down without repercussions, he doesn't get to have this tender attention shown to him.
He thought back to that first moment he knew he was in trouble with his feelings for Cas - he knew he was in trouble based on physical reaction the moment he laid eyes on him but that moment, when Cas looked at Chuck and said they were making it up as they went, solidifying himself in Dean’s life despite what the fucking books said and somewhere deep in his mind a little light bulb went off as it clicked.
So he doesn’t let himself sink, he treads as best he can, hearing Bobby’s gruff voice in his head just like when he was a kid, ‘keep your ears above water son, that’s the only way to make sure you stay alive out there’, it’s like Bobby knew exactly why he needed that information. Like he knew it wasn't about swimming.
Dean sets back to work, not wanting to be caught staring at the group. As he makes his way back from the barn the sounds of laughter waft through the air and he's reminded of Sam, playing with his friends in the streets carefree and happy.
This chapter wasn't supposed to be a test to see how many Supernatural characters I could fit into several thousand words without it being a damn rollcall, but it ended up being exactly that, so uh oops??
There’s a voice in his head that screams at him to stop this, to find a way to guarantee that Dean will stay by his side, before the chill slices through him again. He’s nowhere near selfish enough to enact that wish, but beyond that, he hates himself for continuing to indulge in the broken up fantasy imaginings that come with the selfish and cruel thought that Dean should stay with him. That he shouldn't go to his brother, that Dean shouldn’t get a job that will ensure him money enough to support them both and a chance at a life that Dean deems worthy. A ridiculous concept to Castiel because he can’t think for a moment of anything Dean has done that would lead one to believe he’s living a worthless life.
Oddly out of breath but decently clothed again, he figures he can do nothing about the fact that he’s shirtless still and waits for Cas to finish helping his ma. The barn is quiet without Remy there, something he noticed in the days since she last spent time here is that without her huffing the barn seems a lot less welcoming.
Cas props his head up on his elbow, gazing down at Dean who knows he looks red with slight embarrassment, a reaction caused solely by his earlier thought. He reaches his hand out as though he’s going to lay it upon Dean’s face, perhaps thumb softly at the curve of his jaw or cheek, a gentle touch Dean never thought he’d be on the receiving end of, but he seems to change his mind at the last moment, instead resting it upon his arm before sliding it down to his waist and letting it fall from his body.
A part of him wants to stay. Actually, a large part of him wants that. Every time he thinks about the move, his stomach squirms at the thought of leaving Cas, so badly sometimes it makes him nauseous. But a small voice pipes up in the back of his mind telling him that it’s best for Cas if he leaves, it’ll allow him the chance at a real life, a good life, because who knows if Cas is going to want this in two weeks? Two years? Dean doesn't know if Cas will want to act as though nothing ever happened when he wakes up tomorrow.
“Inias no, he’s not going to talk about that,” Cas steps in before Dean can think of the best lie about how it happened.
Dean isn’t sure his love is enough to keep Cas when the promise of a good life bears down on them, and still, he isn’t sure his love is enough when the truth weighs on them heavier than a deadweight body and six feet of dirt. His fears replay themselves in a new century while he watches them back for the first time through memories he never knew he had.
“Close to a year ago I think, it’s mostly for show, there's a higher chance people won’t try to mess with you when you have one of these with you,” Dean says honestly. He’d almost had cause to use it in the week leading up to his abrupt departure from where he used to be, but lucky for him it never came to that.
He looks into the blue, a stark contrast from the hair that lays unkempt on top of his head, a remarkable compliment to the slight flush of his face, no doubt caused by his continued staring. He drops his eyes, accepting the bowl as a flush of his own spreads across the back of his neck.
He meets Dean’s eyes in fleeting glances and there is no way to misinterpret his meaning when his gaze, though mostly directed to the ground, carries a heat he’s seen only a handful of times before.
It never fails to put a smile on his face when they attempt a rescue effort, Bobby is admirable and probably is encroaching on ‘better father than his father ever was’ territory—if he wasn’t already securely there—but the man can share stories until his
When he does make it outside, Dean is setting Remy up with the equipment he’ll need to fix the remainder of the fence line as well as tackle the far gate which had long been in need of some repairs.
“That’s all I ask,” he replies. Cas leans in and presses a chaste kiss to his lips, and then another before he pulls back reluctantly.
He ignores the niggling in the back of his brain and the uneasiness settling in his stomach about the situation, deciding that he would have to be content with the explanation that Dean was simply getting into the habit before the arrival of his family. Castiel finds himself worrying throughout the day, regardless.
God, what has he gotten himself into, his one reprieve from his family and he managed to get his father to keep him from it, likely at every turn.
And though it's selfish, the more spouses (and children) who arrive with his siblings, the more people his mother has to fuss over, the less likely it is that his unmarried, unbetrothed status will be brought up, especially if any of them are adding to their families as Gabriel is.
His apprehension must show on his face as Cas corrects himself, “To sleep Dean, let me hold you as we
After a moment he looks up at Cas and sees that his eyes have been directed to the fallen open collar of his shirt, looking down he spots a faint red mark about a fingers width down from his collarbone, his breath catches when Castiel reaches out to press his thumb against it.
Through an open window, he can see Cas crouched, back to him, next to a child asleep in their bed. It’s a bit hard for him to hear what Cas says to them but he thinks he hears murmured words of love and promises that this isn’t the last they’ll hear from him. Standing, Cas drags a hand down his face he leans in and presses a drawn-out kiss to their forehead. His hand rests on the top of their head and his fingers are threaded into their hair.
He breaks himself out of his reverence with the notice of a swaying of a branch a bird had just flown off, its call growing fainter as it puts distance between it and the sullen thoughts bouncing inside Castiel’s head. And looks up just as Winchester—quite quickly—turns his head back to the slate. He doesn't miss the tingeing of his neck, but still he doesn't know what to make of it.
Castiel smiles at her from the doorway before shouldering himself off of it to walk into her room, he stops at her head and leans in to press a soft kiss against the cool skin of her forehead, and the simple fact that her skin is no longer feverish sends warmth to his chest.
Dean's eyes are wide when he turns back, searching Castiel’s for any sign that he is reading this whole situation wrong. He doesn’t make Dean let go. He thinks that he should maybe try to salvage what is left of this situation, but he finds himself drawn towards the other man, just like always. Their eyes never waver, and he feels a profound sense of trust flowing between them.
He's so taken aback by the sudden backbone Cas seems to have grown that he can do nothing but agree, stuttering out a, “Yeah okay thanks.” before following Cas into the shed.
“Castiel, please,” Cas interrupts. Dean furrows his brow in a clear question but when Cas elects not to answer he moves on.
Then again, Dean seems to be understanding that just fine himself considering the job he’s just accepted, and the fact that he embraced the name Castiel had offered.
The difference between how Cas had acted when he and Dean were alone versus around his father was almost night and day. Dean wasn’t going to lie to himself, he liked the Cas he knows privately a lot more than the one he is forced to know publicly.
“I suppose it does, it must depend on if you want to break it too, harder to accidentally or purposefully unlearn a habit you enjoy.” He knows that at times he had tried to unlearn those particular habits, but always failed immeasurably. Could the subverted hints about Cas’ forays into immoral acts mean he’s tried to do the same?
Showing up with cuts, bruises and two bullet wounds between them isn't going to go unnoticed and there are few ways to play off such injuries. All he can hope is that Jody isn't the type to get a sheriff involved.
“I think we should move to machine tack for Ibby soon, that will, for the most part, be his role here, on occasion he’ll be used for riding but only if Pa is in need of it,” Cas says as they move again from the shed, his knowledge of the equipment much improved. “It will also allow you to become more familiar with the machines and buggies.”
Warning the next chapter is very long (not that any of these chapters are really short at all) so if it's time for some sleep you should probably get it now.
“You know,” Cas says a little while later. “You showing up on our farm was the start of my new life too. I was drifting, I knew that I didn’t want what my parents wanted of me but I never truly saw a way to avoid it. I’d dreamed of course, of how it might happen but I had almost completely resigned myself to giving in. That is until you came into my life, I remember those first days, weeks even, I knew that if you looked hard enough, you’d see right through me. Something about you, the stories you told me, the way you let me in, it had me hooked so quickly that there was no way I could have stopped it if I'd wanted to. I looked at you and saw all that my life could be, if I was brave enough, bold enough, to go after it.” Cas gives him a self-satisfied look. “And so I did.”
Cas’ cheeks light up in pink before he stutters out, “No, no of course not, I,” he blows out a frustrated breath. “Most of the words we use come from other words, from languages we don’t speak, it's quite frustrating truthfully, but the word valley brought on a given name, a first name that is,” Cas says before he takes a breath, apparently quite hesitant with this exchange.
“Castiel, thank God, your father will be back in a minute and Anael is getting Alfie ready for dinner, could you please finish setting up the table.” Although it was technically a request there was no misunderstanding in the fact that it was actually an order, and one that was expected to be followed without hesitation.
They fight like mad when the pain is too much, both physical and emotional, just as those on their bodies, the scars from past transgressions never leave, though they become unnoticeable for stretches so long they are forgotten about. They work through it, Dean takes care not to shut down, Cas takes care not to push his own issues aside as he so often had.
“You uh—you're holding the chalk wrong again, remember it needs to sit on a finger, you can’t ball your fist around it or you’re more likely to break your tools.” He watches as Winchester struggles for a second trying to maneuver the chalk around in his hand without trying to use his other hand to help. It’s not that he has the fine motor skills of a child but rather that the motion is so foreign to him, he finds it difficult to work the instrument correctly.
He never set out to be Dean’s friend because it seemed as though the man was in need of one. He was drawn to Dean from the very first day and he has been unable to do anything but allow himself to be drawn in. Truthfully, he hadn't even put up much of a fight against it. Had it been anyone else, he would have been ashamed of his actions, his inability to be rational and keep his distance, but he couldn't feel anything but warmth when he was around Dean.
As though he hasn't spent the last several minutes getting hotter and hotter, his cheeks flare and the burn stretches far down his chest.
“You are the most sinful thing I have ever laid my eyes on, and yet you are the closest to heaven I’ve ever felt,” Cas whispers against the heated skin, the air cooling the path his tongue took.
“I'm just about done here, head on over and I’ll meet up with you there, oh and Cas—” he waits for Cas to look up at him, “—try not to undo my hard work eh? I saw you with him yesterday and it wasn’t pretty.” Cas looks affronted for about two seconds before he smiles and heads off towards the stables shaking his head in good-natured disbelief.
The last one makes Cas choke up a bit, Dean knows how hard it’s been to be away for all of these milestones his siblings are still having even with the letters and the visits, it’s not the same as being there as Anna begins to read novels on her own or when Hannah begins embroidery to better her skills in anticipation of becoming a seamstress.
The first thing he registers is the heavy weight of Cas’ arm draped across his waist, the next is the soft, even breaths that land on his shoulder. He’s exhausted, tired down to his bones, so he makes a choice he’s never made before and he allows himself the chance to go back to sleep. The softness of the bed beneath him throws him with every movement and he reckons the only reason he’d been able to sleep so well last night was because of the fatigue that plagued his body.
When he hears the telltale clatter of the door, he sits up a little straighter, either it’s Charles coming out to talk to him or it’s Cas coming to see him. One means he sits up out of respect, the other he does so out of interest.
Dean and Cas had planned for Cas to stop in at the roadhouse just in time for the end of his and Sam’s lunch so that if the dice would fall in such a way that Sam became angry, they all had the ability to leave.
Charles is the one to deliver the meal that night and he again doesn't know how to feel about that. Nerves pinch at the sides of his mind that he had read the night before wrongly and that Cas was not acting as he thought he was, and that now he was being avoided at all costs to not engage further with a man who may have been too forward in his actions. Is he going to be discovered in such a way now? But that look Cas had given him, the way his smile formed when he had been caught staring, does that not prove at least that Cas found the attention flattering if misplaced?
The words make his heart sing and his chest fill with so much warmth that when the head of Cas’ cock teases his entrance a choked out sob fills the space between them.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” he asks even though it's not actually a question so much as a continued reassurance.
“It doesn't matter either way, right now I’m not exactly able to leave the farm and head off to school, and even with the whole ‘Castiel you need to get married’—” Cas says in a terrible impression of his ma which includes stern hand motions to indicated her speaking, that has Dean laughing quietly and catching his breath as a frighteningly fond feeling spreads throughout his chest again, “—speech that I keep receiving, my help is needed here for another year or two at least."
“I’m not, I don’t even feel different after it. I kinda always thought I would, y’know years ago when I let myself dream that it might happen.”
Fire spreads down his stomach as Cas traces his way back down to the waist of his pants. On instinct he raises his hips, he tears his mouth away as his head is thrown back when the length of his erection ruts alongside Cas’ matching arousal.
“It’s easier to unlearn a habit isn’t it?” he asks with a playful cocked brow, distracting himself from his hands.
“I’m sure they will, Pa said they’ve been working their farm themselves near to a decade now so they’ll have no issue seeing the work you’ve done here.”
He tries to talk now, he tries to do the same as what he did at his father's grave all those years ago trapped in a djinn dream, trapped in a world that seemed so perfect until he peeled back its layers. Kinda just like the one he actually lived in.
There’s still a bit of an excited thrill in his chest about actually having documentation proving irrefutably that he is Dean Winchester, he likens it to the thrill of getting married even though you knew already that you would spend your life with that person at your side. Which he hopes Sam can understand considering he’s likely feeling this same thrill.
Dean walks the few yards up to the door to The Roadhouse. Ash waves at him from across the way as he sends one last look at the newest horse in his charge—Impala—an odd name no doubt, but a beauty of all black save for the silver on her face; for some reason it fits.
Almost as quickly the nerves shift again and he feels like a teen on prom night because it's been months now and he’s not come up with a single eloquent thing to say for when he gets Cas back.
The work is slow and by the end of it his head is swimming with all the information Cas’ told him, he’s not inept around tools, quite the opposite but his skill set is nowhere near the level of some of the pieces of equipment. Among the farm equipment, which ranged from tools used for the animals to plow hoes and other farm equipment that Cas told him wouldn’t be used by him, there are several everyday use items, the extent of which does not stop at the cab Charles left in that morning, there's a workbench and two bins full of moveable children’s toys, beside a door there’s an outside car that he thinks must be for family travel.
“I’m not blind Dean, I saw the way you were looking at Castiel. I looked at my own share of women that same way, landed myself one too. You’ll meet her if you end up picking us.” Dean’s about to deny it—though he knows it to be useless—when Jody says, “I’m the one you’ll be signing a contract with, you don’t need to worry about that getting in the way of your options here.”
Gabriel catches him in the schoolroom as he’s looking again for Anna’s toy. He doesn't hear him walk up and when he speaks Castiel can’t help but jump.
“Yeah he was home when Jody came by to talk to me about it, he had his concerns, mostly the same ones as you, but he understood quickly.”
They get out of the gig and Dean ties Ringer to a tree. He’s nervous for him, one thing they never went about was training for gunfire, so he decides to move far enough from Ringer that he’s still in sight but further from the sound.
Neither is sure as to when his father is set to return, so they head back to the foal and take him out again running through routines like they know of nothing else. It's not short work per se but the time moves quickly and before long Castiel is working up the nerve to say goodnight to Winchester, trying to work past the part of him that doesn't want to say goodbye yet.
It’s slipped well past midday, the sun bleeding into the west sky, before Dean’s in the stables, he checks each of the horse's shoes and sets to work on cleaning and trimming where needed. He takes Ibby for a thorough run but doesn't continue on to starting him on machine tack, reasoning that Cas or Charles should be part of his breaking in.
The man makes to leave but Dean steps up to him. He’s only barely stopping himself from flying into a blind rage at the despicable actions of these two. It nauseates him to know that even a year ago this was something he might have done.
When Charles and Rebecca—which Dean finally learns is Cas’ mother's name, having not felt it his place to ask before—return, Dean gets the sense that their trip into town was successful. Charles mentions to him that an interested party will be stopping in at the farm to look at Ringer in the upcoming days. He’s worried about his progress now that a buyer is interested but with the short notice there isn’t much Dean can do to get Ringer into better shape.
“That you did, it’s lovely to meet you Donna,” Dean says, turning his attention to Donna. “This is Cas, we met on his family’s farm.” Dean doesn't know what else to add to that and Cas seems content to stay quiet and let Dean handle the small lies that he may or may not be forced into telling.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says after a heavy moment of silence, and like the first time he heard Cas speak, he barely contains the shiver that rocks through his body, his voice moulding itself around his name racketing the chaos of emotions swirling through his brain.
you to stay, I needed you to hear it too. I won’t ever be able to stay mad at you because I never have been, not for any of the shit you pulled in the past. But that? That was a new low.” He sniffles from the cold or from his tears he doesn't know, but he does it all the same.
Cas fidgets where he’s standing before he turns to him, “I know it's a big ask but could I sit? While you eat at least, being in the house right now will surely result in nothing good for any person on the farm.”
It’s quiet again. So quiet for so long that Dean’s skin starts to light up with the weight of the air around him. Words left unspoken; feelings left unshared hang heavy above their heads.
He stalls for a moment, unsure of his answer. In all his years the only person that had asked him that was Sam and he hadn’t done so in such a long time that he forgot the cavern that opens in his chest at the thought of his old idea of ‘perfect future’. It's a hollow cold feeling that sucks the air from his lungs.
“You sayin’ that you get into trouble often, Cas? Engage in affairs that would leave your ma clutching her pearls?” He’d gone for indifference but fell far short. He hates to think but longs to know what those activities could be. He wants for Cas to not be as untouchable as he is now because maybe then Cas won’t be inclined to think that whatever it is they did his first night wasn’t an error on either of their parts. He silently begs Cas to take the bait.
He stays silent waiting for Cas, who’s looking resolutely at a board of wood as he speaks, to continue.
“So beautiful,” Cas says, his gaze trained right into Dean’s eyes. “So incredibly gorgeous.” He says it so quietly Dean can’t be sure he was ever supposed to hear him.
“Now, I’m beyond bored sitting here and I want to read, can you grab a book for me please,” she says drawing out the ‘e’ in the middle of the word. “Maybe steal whatever Inias has been reading. We always like the same books,” She smiles as Castiel gets up to do her bidding, her hand reaching out and tapping against him in an effort to make sure he heard her.
He can’t seem to make himself speak so he nods instead. Castiel looks at him, in the low light from the lantern he thinks he sees pleading in his eyes, but there's no way to tell for sure.
Hell Cas might want to forget about the entire thing, pretend it never happened, or maybe he interpreted it wrong, maybe it wasn't ever a love like that.
Dean has to laugh a little at Gabriel's name for his brother, he can’t imagine Cas enjoys it much if he knows anything about the man. Gabriel looks slightly affronted at Dean’s reaction, no doubt assuming it was in response to his assertion of his own distaste regarding decorum.
“Cas gave the same impression of his opinion of the word,” Dean says in an attempt to relate to the man.
Never before has he been so forced to confront the changes his future will bring, it fills him with melancholy and nostalgia, not for moments lived, but for moments he’ll never get to experience. And not for the first time, he wishes things were different so that he didn't have to leave; so that Alfie would always have his leg to hide behind, Uriel would always have him there to make sure that he was being safe as he played, and Hannah would always have him around to confide in.
Could Dean even assume that Sam would ever find out about the fact that he had gotten himself a name. Without solid records, his death would be filed as an unknown and his family would never be notified. As it is Sam has no way of contacting him and while he knows where Sam is now, he’s never had a hope of ever writing him a letter. Even the few coins he’s able to send Sam are never delivered with any writing, there’s never even been a return address on them.
His story won’t ever be told, his life will never be written in books, and when he dies, it dies with him and he knows that that might be sooner rather than later. To be known, to be seen and found in more than just his own mind is tempting.
He’s still unsure as to how to read Cas’ advances, if they could even be called that, but regardless the knowledge that someone aside from his brother at least cares for him even in the smallest way means more to him than he would have thought.
” sits heavy in his skull, it scratches at something deep within his brain for weeks. Ever since he first took the words into his head something about them made him think of them. It didn’t make sense though, Cas’ death hadn’t given Dean his life. Hell Cas’ death almost surely led to Dean’s own. So why would this lyric stick with him?
“Hey, hey! I’m a legal man now, you’re looking at Dean Winchester, slightly fibbed birth record, documents in a courthouse and all that good stuff, I think this calls for pie, no?”
He closes the barn door and says a weak goodnight to Remy before settling for the night. His hand touches cold metal as it slips into his pack as he reaches for his spare clothes, but he decides against changing his shirt or pants so he tosses the bag within arms reach. The blanket is large enough to act as a barrier from the floor and as a cover and once he’s between the layers he created he reaches out and extinguishes the lantern.
He fights for each piece of information the man is willing to give him, offering up more about himself than he gets in return and the fear in his chest grows larger with each passing minute. If it could be considered as such with how early into their correspondence he finds himself, the moment his name passes the man's lips is the final nail in a coffin he willingly laid himself in. The longer he spends talking to a man who only offers a nickname at best to call him by the more he realizes how far he would be willing to go for him.
“It’s okay,” he says to Cas holding a hand out to stop him. “I got them fighting a dragon,” Dean then says to the girl.
A smile breaks out on his face that is so evenly divided between joy and disbelief he can’t choose between the two when he sees the curtains strung up in the sill. White and sewn together with careful hands, they soak the kitchen in a soft glow. It’s such a small thing it’s so silly, that in the entirety of the house, the farm, the job, it’s the kitchen curtains that seem to punch him through the chest. The simple fact of living in a house with curtains, when for all his life he never could have had something so unnecessary or something that was such a luxury, has tears burning in the back of his eyes.
The crickets chirp accompanied by the drone of cicadas. Confused birds sing at the moon instead of the sun, though they have the right spirit. The air is free of human noise, everyone tucked away in their boarding.
“Yes Ma’am I’ve been working on Ringer for not quite a month and Ibby for about two or so weeks before he was finished.”
It barely takes a second for his mind to focus in on the only place Cas’ life has ended like that. His voice is thick as it leaves his throat but if any place is going to work it's this one. “What about where the rift was? Where Jack was born? I mean you saw what happened, you know the damage that was done.” He keeps his voice even, bordering on emotionless, hoping it’ll stop Sam from questioning his readiness to go back there. Unfortunately, it seems to do the opposite.
“Well I’ll be damned!” Gabriel shouts gleefully when he sees Castiel. “Would have thought you’d be off doing something important, especially considering the hour,” he says, a small jab at his habit of sleeping late as a child.
“Of course, then he would go and find rifles and pistols and all manner of things in the bushes and nearly kill me with the fear of it all, laughing the whole time, mind you.” He’s gripping Cas’ shirt. When did he start doing that? “I’m half convinced he planted some of them just to rile me up, which then begs the question of where he found them in the first place. Now he’s off being someone our mama would have been proud of, he’s probably found a nice woman, a pretty thing with a brain to her. He always joked about it, marriage and all that, not unlike you, but I’ve come to think it was for my benefit. He was such a good kid, but I can’t help but think that he could have been greater if we hadn’t ended up like we did.”
“You told me love drove me, you said that I fought for everything because of love, that I taught you how to and fuck Cas I don’t know how that's possible. But I’ve fought for nearly forty years because of love and there's no way in hell I am stopping that now. I’m going to fight for you, I’ll fight Chuck for you, I’ll fight against the anger that still lives inside me and dammit I’ll fight to get you back because no fucking way am I losing you forever after that speech. If love drives me Cas then you, you…” Dean takes a deep breath. “Happiness is in just saying it, but I can’t tell a piece of wood, so I’ll wait until you are back, because I
“Cas, angel stop.” Dean would laugh at how off base Cas is, but he’s starting to panic and there’s no way he’s going to let that continue. “Jody doesn't mind us being together, hell she called me out of my feelings for you the first day she met me. Caught me staring at you so often there was no explanation but the one she landed on. She assured me that I didn't have to worry, and while I don't know how far this information is spread, Jody seems to have grabbed herself a woman to call her own. We won't have to pretend Cas. We won't have to hide, though we may have to get in the habit of being quieter,” he finishes with a cocky grin. He’s sure that no one wants to hear anyone have sex regardless of who it’s with. And he’s not sure what his boarding accommodation will be like so it’s probably best to plan for the worst. Lord knows he’s been doing that all his life; he should be damn good at it by now.
“Yes Ma’am,” he says with a look to Cas. His eyes are a bit wild, he’s nervous as all hell. “Travelled all this way with him, I already know he snores, so it won't be a problem.”
He knows Cas is strong, he’s seen it firsthand, but looking at his broad chest and arms, at his trunk with its gently defined muscles, built from work, built for use, it makes his mouth run dry in seconds.
He’s in the paddock when Cas comes to see him. Some kids are still playing, others are sitting with a book or a slate instead. The young woman seems to have no issue keeping a handle on the children, still full of energy and chasing them sporadically as they squeal.
“Here, have some of this, I love my ma regardless but she ain’t the best cook,” Cas says snapping back to himself. He steps closer and pulls a flask from his pocket and tosses it the rest of the distance before retreating back to the door and leaning against it. He must be able to see his reproachful expression at the retreat because he says, “Ma and Pa would have my hide if I dirtied my dinner clothes.” He nods as though he knows what that’s like.
“Now that that's done, I’m going to turn over this first page so I know who I’ll be sending this to before we seal it.” Jody is quiet for a moment as she reads before a smile spreads across her cheeks. “Well Dean, I look forward to having you come work on my farm.”
“That's a great idea angel, maybe name drop Jody, people in town seem to like her, or at least Ellen did,” he murmurs. He presses a soft kiss to the skin of Cas’ forearm.
What happens to his siblings who look at him and Anael with such awe? He isn’t sure if it’s because they are old enough to help, or if it’s because they aren't their parents so their siblings trust them more, or if it simply has something to do with shared experiences and shared time together.
Cas grips into the hem of his shirt and begins to slowly lift it, his hands trail against the bumps of the scars on his back, playing against the muscle and leaving a burning trail in their wake.
And so he helps, he spends hours writing out tables for them to follow, rules of grammar and spelling. Charts with the sun and the planets and what it means to be kind to others. He leaves behind words of encouragement and love; he puts some of his favourite books into the room with all of his scribbled notes and an inscription inside each of them. He tries to leave some sort of legacy.
He knocks gently on the door sending it swinging open slightly. His pa is sitting back in his chair, eyes trained on his desk. The tumbler in his hand and the glasses perched on his nose block his expression from Castiel.
Dean is hardly able to stay present throughout the next hour or so, Jody had the forethought to write out most of what she would say so that Dean could read it later and work through whatever words he didn’t immediately understand. He and Cas interchangeably explain the work Dean had been up to in his weeks on the farm and answer whatever questions Jody asked about his knowledge or problem solving, as well as the less common work Dean had done in his life and on the farm.
He gives his brother a small smile, “I have. Name or no name, records or no records, it doesn't matter.” He knows his past doesn't define him, he knows that even before he had his name he was ‘deserving of forgiveness for and to be absolved of the sins he still believes he committed’ in Cas’ words. Cas and the people he’d met here have been instrumental in him really learning that. “I know that they don’t change who I am, besides they're not for that, Jody mentioned that they’d help with more of the legal stuff on the farm so I agreed to get them,” he finishes.
He knows he’s different now, his past isn't just behind him, but he’s taken its lessons and trials and hardships to heart yet no longer falls into the trap of them. He’ll never forget, some things will haunt him for the rest of his life but he’s moved on from it, and it’s like the first breeze you feel in the mornings a birth of a new day, a birth of a new life.
Above him, Dean sucks a ragged breath through clenched teeth as he takes in the sight of Castiel on his knees for him. The knowledge that it causes Dean such intense arousal emboldens him.
“Hey buddy,” Castiel says crouching down. “It's okay I know he’s dreadful to look at but he’s a good guy,” he smiles in return to the small one that Alfie cracks at the joke. A “watch it there” sounds from behind him and he turns to smile and wink at Kali from where she’s stood back, Anael beside her, a similar jovial smile on her face as Castiel’s. “Do you want me to go with you when you say hi?”
“No, you just pissed off a horse that's more than eight times your weight,” Cas responds in mock scathe, as he checks over himself.
As fast as it came it's over, his breath skitters from his lungs as the dog simply puffs away. He’s not seen it before, even with all of the people they've had to say goodbye to since this all started. It makes it all so much more real somehow. How can it be that there's just nothing left of the dog, of any of their loved ones, any of their friends? Of
“I’m safe Dean, you kept me safe,” Cas says as he knocks their foreheads together, their arms still encircling each other, keeping them close.
you feel incredible,” Cas says as he bottoms out, his ass resting high on Cas’ thick thighs, his toes curl as his mouth runs dryer.
Worse still is that his father knows nothing of the life Dean lived, Castiel knows almost nothing of it himself and as such can’t judge Dean on any of his actions—which Dean seemed surprised at anytime he did tell Castiel something about his past—so how can his father judge Dean so harshly when he has no information to judge from.
They keep to lighter subjects after that, the heaviness of their emotional stories not something either can keep up with for long.
Hunger strikes him soon enough. Jo passes behind the bar in a flash, far too quick for him to be able to grab her, so he waits ready for when she’s not so busy. He waves Jo over once he catches her eye, ordering a round and some food and spends the afternoon eating, drinking, and laughing with his two favourite people.
They’ve been forced to triple up while the older kids are home to give the incoming families privacy. It’s a bit of a tight fit squeezing everyone in together, but none of the younger kids really mind. To them it’s special, out of the ordinary.
Some days he can still feel the phantom pain around his body from injuries left just a bit too long without being dealt with. The memories cause something to clench in his chest, the worry he’d felt still fresh even years later.
A little while later, as he sits with his back against the wood of the stall, his body stretched out trying to release some of the tension that's found its way deep into his muscles he hears the clatter of the screen door. Moments later Cas—still in his work clothes—rounds the corner and pauses before he steps fully across the threshold of his space. He looks weighed down, a weariness he has yet to see in the man and he wishes he could comfort him, the way he’s seen so many others give and get comfort, tell him soft truths and softer lies, but he knows little of that.
He remembers how he felt when that prickle of an itch sprouted when he couldn’t do anything about it. He finds himself in that same position now, except along with the vague itch of the drying sweat and the tickle of the drops running down the back of the neck, both of which he is too busy to take care of, he feels eyes on him and he has to fight against the instinct telling him to turn and find whoever is causing the tension in his body. He knows it must be Cas, animals have never caused the feeling to be this strong before but refuses to raise himself up from his hunched position to check.
His hips begin to move on their own, half thrusts and grinds down against Cas’ straining length, drawing small groans from them both. The feeling of Cas’ shaft along the cleft of his ass causes his cock to throb and he can feel as his precome begins to wet the fabric of his pants so much that it’s noticeable with each roll of his hips down into Cas’ lap.
He notices for the first time the letter bundle that Cas has with him, the writing is too fancy for him to be able to read from this distance as he asks about it, “Are those letters from Gabriel?”
Cas sends him an unimpressed look but relents without a fight, “I got the barest glimpse of her, but I was already running late and I know how you worry.”
He runs some of the tepid water through his hair before brushing it with his fingers into a partial style to make himself look more put together. Dean takes a slow deep breath and rests his hands on the sink basin as he steels himself for the next few hours of posturing and propriety.
The day starts as any other does, monotonous and incredibly predictable. He wakes and eats with his family, dresses and heads to his father's study, works with his father until his father declares that it is time to head out and tend to some extra chores on the farm. It’s the same as every day, his studies are the last on his list of chores and responsibilities and again they will be pushed off in favour of helping his parents.
Knowing her patience when it comes to this sort of thing isn't never ending Castiel lifts his weight off the back of his heels and stumbles with his sister into Hannah’s room.
He tries to not let the fact that Cas hadn’t shared his name with his family bother him, the title isn’t even a full day old, but it stings differently to have a name and for it not to be used.
“It’s hard, especially the first few times, for you, you’ll worry about who it is that you are leaving, what ties you have that will break once the distance gets too great for the connection to withstand. You’ll fret over unfinished business and words left unsaid. But it gets easier, either you stay for shorter amounts of time or you never manage to forge the same connections with the people you meet next.”
He’s lived a long enough life that he understands the difference in feelings that come with meeting certain people, people that he can only assume are meant to be something special to him. He understands the feelings as best he’s able, reasonably sure that there is an inherent part of him that is incapable of producing reciprocal feelings, he surely had never met someone for which he shared the intense interest, men or women alike. But with Cas, he may be starting to understand what the fuss is all about.
“Can I assume that the scars here—” Cas says calling his attention from the ground and tapping his own forehead and cheekbone, and damn Cas has really nice cheekbones—soft and full begging to be caressed by a pair of lips—but he shuts that train of thought down quick enough to give him whiplash, “—are also partly from that?” Cas finishes with a tap to his chin as well.
“That we do! My name is Ash by the way, just so you know who to ask for if you can’t find me when you’re ready to head out.” Dean elects not to comment on the strange name, considering he didn’t have one two months ago he’s no one to be able to judge.
“Ya I got it about a week ago, right after I asked her father. I had little doubt that he would deny us allowance to marry but the assurance was still calming. The ring is simple, Jess said she wanted it that way and I got a chain with it for when she’s working so that it doesn’t get dirty,” Sam says excitedly.
It’s not the most lustful or romantic thing he’s ever experienced but he’d take a flagging erection over Cas getting hurt any day, no question.
Cas, why would you do this, no wait you just explained that didnt you, fuck,” he had his hands gripped in his hair as he fought the tears that threated to roll down his face. “Cas what am I supposed to do without you, how am I supposed to watch you get taken and know that it's
Cas looks back up at him, shifting ever so slightly but doesn't move his finger save to rest his palm against Dean’s chest so very close to his widely beating heart.
His attention is snapped back to Dean, on his knees for him, as he pulls down the band of his pants and releases his erection from its confines. He watches in awe as Dean runs his tongue along the ridge of his cockhead and his hips jerk forward when Dean laps at the milky fluid that's collected at his slit.
He realizes quite belatedly that his eyes are still trained on Cas. As he turns, he sees Jody watching him quizzically, alarm beats a frenzied drum in his chest at being caught and his cheeks flame in response.
He understands a moment later, they don’t have time to spend on such things while they still stand on the Novak’s land.
He gets lost watching Dean bob his head down to meet his hand where it grips the base of his cock. His carefully constructed control shatters as Dean begins to inch farther down his shaft, his moans send vibrations up the remaining length and he can barely hold back the canting of his hips, desperate to have more of his cock surrounded by that perfect heat.
“Agree to disagree,” Cas says evasively and silence again falls around them. One he chooses not to fill.
Also, I wanted to address the fact that yes Cas has siblings who aren't white, this will be explained in the next chapter and then further talked about as the story progresses (in Cas' chapters (3, 6, and 9) most notably). Rest assured that nothing fucked up happened to result in non-white children being part of their family I can promise that.
Dean blinked his eyes, the darkness fading as the dim light illuminated the bunker's infirmary. He had no memory of being moved, hell he had no memory of surviving the fight.
He continues walking for some time, pausing only to divert down the rush of a valley he’s never known existed. Resolutely he keeps his mind from straying to what he’s left behind;
He doesn't want to do this, doesn't want to expose himself but it's the only way he can think of to make Dean understand.
He pauses, his attention drawn to a bat weaving its way through the night air and catches sight of the barn. He can see the gentle swaths of light as they bleed through the still open door onto the packed-down dirt that surrounds the barn, like it does for each of the buildings on the property. He stops at the window, his mind briefly registers that this is the same window that he first spotted Dean out of, he smiles and tries to see if he can catch a glimpse of the man now. He knows it's highly likely that Dean’s already turned in for the night, lord knows he should have as well.
He takes a bucket to the ground spout, filling it repeatedly to clean the troughs before filling them. In the machine shed, he inspects each piece they’ve gone over, checking how they work in more depth.
A part of him wishes he could share this with Dean, he deserves to experience the love and annoyance that comes with being surrounded by family. He knows that having his family around him is making him quite sentimental, but Dean does deserve this type of love, this type of life, especially after everything he’s been through. Castiel would put money on Dean not having told him even half of the hell he’s gone through in his life, being happy is what he should be able to have.
He continues canting his hips as Cas shuffles both of their pants down to free their cocks. The first thrust of their cocks against each other has him seeing stars, and if the ragged groan that is pulled from Cas’ chest is any indication it feels just as good for him. He winds a leg over Cas’ back shifting him even closer. The opposite hand reaches down to run red lines along his back.
“Okay Dean, first I assume you’ve picked which farm you feel most certain about. I’m going to need you to write it on this first line here. Castiel, are you able to act as witness on the contract?”
“Hmm, well if that’s the case I got them fighting a bear, no a fish, wait wait, a coyote in the woods. Yeah, that last one for sure.”
Everything is gentle and warm and he finds himself fighting to keep the words from escaping, three little words that he’s had bouncing in his head for far too long. He keeps them inside though; tonight isn’t the night for them.
Castiel remembers little after the envelope had sealed. There’s talking, Dean is animated and joyous and Castiel is happy for him, if devastated for himself. Eventually, Dean asks Jody if she would take his letter into town and send it for him. Remembering, Castiel asks Jody to wait before running to his room (and getting scolded for it) to get his own letter. He remembers Dean sending him a surprised look when Jody accepted the envelope, but he doesn't respond, not wanting to explain what he’s decided. After that, Jody hands Dean a small bag of money, far more than enough for food and such on the several days journey he’ll embark on in the coming days or weeks.
The woman's face splits into an excited smile. “You must be Dean! Well welcome welcome, Jody’s quite proud to have managed to get you.” His chest warms at the woman's words, a fondness for Jody burrowing into the warmth. “And please call me Ellen, anyone who has Jody’s approval has mine too.”
He wants to drink in all he can of Dean before he leaves, he wants Dean to remember him even if it’s just of this. So he leaves bruises in the shape of his fingertips on Dean's waist, leaves a stubble raw chin, neck, stomach so Dean feels it all sting, leaves him breathless to make a lasting memory, he tugs sharply at the strands of hair at the top of Dean’s neck, pinpricks of pain he hopes will stick around. He leaves the taste of himself in the back of Dean’s throat, leaves half-formed begs on his lips.
Cas comes out of the house, catching the screen door before it slams and walks towards him with their breakfast, his chest flutters as he gets closer, the pull he feels gaining strength as their proximity increases, he fights against a smile and the giddiness in his chest—he used to rib Sam for getting worked up over a kid at school when he was a child, coming back beaming because they talked to him or what have you, but he understands it more now, as much as it worries him to—and just as he walks the last steps a wish that has been stirring in the back of his mind comes true. In the early morning light that shines from over his shoulder, he finally gets a glimpse of his eyes.
“Well shit, I guess I am.” He offers a weak smile that he can tell Cas doesn't buy for a second, “Can your ma patch that up too? I’d hate to get a scar,” Dean says more playfully.
As the sun moves past its highest point and begins its slow, hours long descent west, he stumbles upon a broken-down fence line. The wiring is mangled and looks as though it’s been trampled, but he can’t begin to figure out by what. The wooden posts have been felled or broken as far as he can see with the sun making mirages on the brush. But, he reasons, a fence line could mean a house, or perhaps a farm.
Choked off shouts push themselves past his lips as he rides through the waves of pleasure. He vaguely registers Dean cleaning him and making him presentable the same way he had as he comes down from the high.
The nerves turn into something less sinister because maybe they won't fail, maybe tonight is the last night that Cas won’t be in the bunker. The last night he goes to sleep
“None of us can speak on God's plan for anyone with any certainty, but it is the duty of everyone to live a life the church deems acceptable,” his mother says, folding her hands on the table. “Your brothers and sisters all know this and have so far followed the doctrine set out for us. There should be no shame in following it yourself Castiel and if you are so worried about the setbacks that have hindered your ability to learn we can solve that with little issue. You can still do what you wish while married. Living a life of grace in God's eyes should be your main concern throughout your life, but nowhere is it said that you must give over everything to do so, you are simply to devote yourself to God as we all have and that means that a wife and children are to be in your future. I can ask Father Philip to make time for you next Sunday if you wish to speak to him about your fears of missing out on aspects of your life to live a proper life.”
Another finger presses against his hole and Dean nods fervently into the crook of Cas’ shoulder. He whines as it enters him, the stretch never as intense on the third compared to the second but he’s blindsided by the heat that surrounds him. Every nerve feels like it’s crackling, the fire that's consumed him stretches to every inch of his body and they haven’t even gotten to the ‘good part’ which is ridiculous to say when all of this has felt so incredibly good that it’s making him delirious.
“Ah yes but remember we need that to make sure that we can make it to the west coast,” he lies, sending pleading glances to Cas, begging him to play along. “You won’t be able to make it to your sister's wedding if we don’t have that money. What we’ve given these two men is certainly enough to aid them.” His pistol burns against his waist. It’s still too early to draw but if Cas doesn’t go with the story he’s just spun it will become a necessity sooner rather than later.
“Currently you don’t because you have nothin’ to be absolved from but, some people just deserve salvation, and some are born into a life that can’t be saved,” he says easily, though it feels like lead is rushing up his throat with the words. He never wanted a life that was beyond saving, never understood why bad things happened to good people, until he stopped being a good person. Then the bad things made sense when they happened to him, but Sam, Sam never stopped being good and then
He offers a smile in return, a real one and says, “I’ll see ya Cas.” before he slips through the doorway of the barn and disappears from sight. A stifling quiet blankets the farm in the wake of his absence and Castiel can only escape it by retreating into the lion's den that is dinner with his ma’s pestering.
“You lied earlier,” Cas says. “Back on the farm you said you were a decent shot; you severely downplayed your abilities.” He huffs, falsely indignant.
“I don't know Cas, it's different, makes it more interesting. Although being named Lucifer must be something,” Dean comments.
He’s a touch unsure about his actual duties for the day, so he waits outside the barn door, in view of the house, for Charles to come out. He doesn't wait long before he can hear the door open and Charles emerges from the house, he doesn’t know if he should feel upset or not at the fact that he is alone.
In the amount of time that he’s had a name Cas has used it so often it might seem unnatural and yet he’s not said it once since he went to get his ma. Before he can even begin his descent into the rabbit hole Dean’s knocked from his thoughts as Cas’ ma begins to wind layers of gauze around his shin, tight enough that the throbbing that he’d all but forgotten about kicks up several notches and reminds him of his stupidity at getting himself in this situation.
Each line draws him in and pushes him away in equal measure, humor for Cas doesn’t mean laughing at a funeral it means Dean teasing him, tickling him, smiling as he waits for the joke to land on Cas’ ears. But still, they all seem to resonate beyond what he thought was possible, Dean was always met with disapproval, he always wanted to worship him in any way he could, even now he curses the moments they could have had together if only one of them had been braver before the night spent in their clearing.
“Well we were managing just fine before, and now with the fixes the boy did, we should have no issue going back to how it was here,” his father says simply.
“I did everything I could to get him out, I tried everything I knew how to do, but it wouldn't budge. It wanted a soul for its taking, it said it was the only way,” Cas stopped, his breathing short and in truth concerning in its raggedness. “Dean it was the only thing I could do, the only way I could save our son, I made it a deal. My life, my eternity spent in its grips for his life, his ability to go home and back to you and Sam.”
Internally Castiel rolls his eyes, forever amused that his pa won’t use ‘Alfie’ when referencing his youngest child.
Walking in with Pa is a man, which would have been cause for confusion and keen interest as it has been some months now since his father welcomed a stranger onto their farm. But his presence isn’t what causes Castiel’s breath to stop short. Even from the distance he can tell the man is a force to be reckoned with, every part of him screams unfettered power, strength, and resolve that he doesn't think he’s ever seen let alone experienced.
He ends the letter with clear instructions not to respond until he gets a second letter from Castiel with whatever new location he ends up at. He is as clueless as the next person about where this is all going to take him.
It takes him a moment to remember that even if Cas had been around since the Cambrian explosion in reality he’d only experienced humanity for eleven years. And all of it was spent fighting, shouldn't he get a fucking chance to just
It’s not long before Charles comes out of the house again, but this morning he’s followed by Cas. He can’t help the fluttering in his stomach or the way he feels his body heat up at the glint in the man's eyes. Nervous energy runs through him at what Cas’ presence could mean, his mind briefly flashes to Cas having outed him to his father and that this was a quick conversation at best and a ruining one at worst.
Their lips meet again and Dean gets lost in the slide of lips and the heat of Cas’ mouth against his own. His hips rut up of their own accord, just barely brushing against Cas’ and the lack of relief is enough to pull a small groan from his mouth.
Like I said in the notes of this series I am not in the correct state to really get into the nitty-gritty of trauma, grief, guilt, self-hatred, or anything like that so it might seem like I'm really glossing over bits that could (or should) be expanded upon. I am doing the max I can to write those parts without putting myself at risk. I hope you can understand.
Castiel is no stranger to lingering touches from men but as his fingers graze gently against Winchesters his heart deems it grand enough to flip in his chest and the heat within him resurfaces, lighting him up from his core. His eyes catch on Winchesters and he holds the stare, allowing the heat of it to consume him for as long as he can before tipping his head back and slowly taking a long draw from the narrow lip of the flask, barely registering the burning that usually stops him from indulging in more than a quick pull. He’s acutely aware that not a minute ago Winchester’s lips were pressed to the same metal his now are. If he savours the moment for longer than her should, it’s really no fault of his own.
“Uhh not exactly, they had a bit of a thing before she died years ago but when Sam got his hands on a spell from Rowena,” Dean paused a moment lost in the memory of yet another person Chuck forced them to say goodbye to, “Sam was able to resurrect her using the spell after that they fell back into old ways and things were looking really good for the kids, but nothing good ever lasts long for us and she ended up leaving because she couldn't tell what's real anymore,” He finished with a sigh, the conversation he overheard between the two of them as she said goodbye playing in his head, reminding him so much of the conversation he had with Cas that said almost the same thing, carried the same sentiments.
Now laying flat on his back Cas reaches up and lightly grips Dean’s left wrist, looking up again he says, “This is gonna hurt Dean.” before he moves it up to his opposite shoulder.
“Shockingly, we disagree again,” Cas says with a pointed look. “See just two days ago I said I wanted to be your friend, and you, for all that I can think, agreed to that ask. Now I'm not sure if you know this but friends help each other whenever the other needs it.”
get you back. I don’t care what it takes. You need to hear it, you deserve to hear it. You deserve to know.”
“Sorry Ma.” His brother at least has the decency to look a bit chastised as he pulls their ma into a hug.
Cas looks at him and he puts on his prettiest face, bats his eyelashes a bit like he used to do, and waits for Cas to break. It happens with a heavily put upon sigh and some grumbling from Cas as he makes his way back into the house to get the pastry.
Dean heads to the kitchen and runs into Michael just sitting in the dim room because that’s a normal thing to do. He really forgot how stuffy angels are when they haven’t been around humans long enough to pick up some of their traits. He lets Michael know about the ‘plan’ and damn does he eat it up.
“I won't pretend to understand your father, or your life currently, I know circumstances are different between the two of us due to, uh you said god was ‘Chuck’? I don't know all that you've been through because he didn't like us apparently didn't like that story, but the core of our being are the same, and in my world Castiel and I, we - Dean we loved each other.” The other Dean gave him a look so hopeful and sorry that the hole that was punched in his chest at hearing that this fucking version got
Dean looks up and his eyes bore into Castiel’s, he holds the stare while never slowing in his ministrations. Dean's free hand, the one that had been burning where it laid splayed against his bare hip bone lifts up to grab at his own where it’s perched in Dean’s hair. Shock and a surge of heat shakes him to his core as Dean begins pushing Castiel’s hand, effectively fucking his own face until Castiel understands the directive.
His most egregious sin is silence when he should speak. He continues to sin, he damns himself to hell, if only to allow them a few more moments of happiness.
“Dean, look at me, please,” Cas says, panic of his own creeping into the request. When Dean turns and their eyes meet it dispels some of the worry. “I can stop calling you that if you want, I just thought maybe it would be best to try to replace the last time you heard that word with something nicer.”
Cas’ hand brands him where it lays on his shoulder, a passing hold on its trek to the nape of his neck, but enough to center Dean’s focus on that one spot of his burning skin. Cas’ fingers fist into the short strands of hair at the back of his head, craning it as he wishes. He licks and sucks along the length of his throat, by no means hard enough to leave a mark, but Dean still feels like he’s been claimed as the flat expanse of Cas’ tongue runs along his vein and flicks behind his ear. He gasps as Cas takes the lobe of his ear between his teeth, shudders as he gently tugs on it and worries it between his lips.
“My older siblings have gone off, most right into marriage, but I hope I’ll be going to school soon. My younger brothers are all under eleven, they are getting closer to working-age but until then I should stay and help here,” he says almost as though he’s trying to convince himself as well. He still looks unsure of himself. His continued silence is likely not helping to ease the tension that has settled in the barn so he tells the man a bit about himself.
He’s getting mighty close to projecting again and reels himself back before he heads over that edge. Dean knows that his siblings are arriving on the farm in a couple days, Dean knows that calling someone you essentially worked for ‘Sir’ is the proper thing to do. Castiel hasn’t heard Dean use that term to address him since the first night, perhaps Dean is attempting to avoid calling Castiel by his nickname in front of his family by starting now with the correct title. It’s not a bad idea, Castiel certainly doesn’t want to answer the questions that would come from hearing Dean call him by ‘Cas’. Doesn’t feel like dealing with the fallout if his brothers, or even his sister heard it, knowing it wouldn’t be ignored like it has been by his parents.
He flinched when a warm calloused hand reached for him, not from fear of rejection but because of how exposed he was, his body felt as though his nerve endings were open to the will of the earth, and it felt like everything was more intense it felt like he was more vulnerable. He could do nothing but stare as Cas took his hand and lifted it gently to his mouth. His lungs burned as they were knocked empty by the shock, the want, the fear he felt at having this.
With a choked out cry, Dean releases himself into Castiel's sealed mouth. He continues to bob up and down as strip after strip of Dean’s come falls against his tongue and throat. He grunts out a moan at the salty taste and as Dean falls back against the wall, he takes care to lick his softening cock clean of his spend. Careful not to make Dean twitchy and sore from overstimulation, he stands as he raises Dean’s pants to cover him up.
“Yes you have and I thank you for that, lord knows your mother would be up to her ears in work without you and your sister,” Charles says before reaching up and sliding his glasses down his nose. Castiel always thought they made him look far older than he was, but he suspected that may also have to do with the fact that he only ever wore them while working on the farm's records, and he always managed to look decrepit while he did that.
“The other me, he said something and it made me realize that as much as I can't wait to kill the son of a bitch, or whatever Billie’s plan is, Chuck saved you, he brought you back time and time again and that meant that I didn't have to live in a world without you for very long, and I can't help but be thankful for that,” he cleared his throat steadfastly looking at the floor of the kitchen instead of the man who was no doubt staring at him if the prickles along his skin were anything to go by. “Not having you, you being dead, it nearly killed me Cas, every time. Each damn time I thought that I’d lost my chance, that that was it and you’d never know the truth, but I chickened out when you’d come back because the thought that I could lose you again by saying it was too fucking much for me to handle.”
Charles leaves with the girl in a cab Remy pulls. As the dust settles to the ground, he feels a tension settle around the two of them but Cas doesn’t seem to feel it.
It bonded them together and Castiel can't help but be grateful for his older brother for the millionth time.
The man walks him to the barn, and as they pass the main house he catches the faces of several young children in one of the windows. He notes with some surprise that not all of the man’s children match his light skin tone, but he makes no comment on it, sure that if he was meant to know why he would be told.
A truly embarrassing noise makes its way from his lungs when he lays his hand and sweeps it across Cas’ uninjured shoulder and down his arm, the hard muscle beneath his skin has fantasies playing out in rapid fire succession in his mind.
Dean doesn't even have to ask, Jack minorly shudders after Sam lands a particularly rough punch to his side. And that answers that question. Now the only thing left is to figure out how to make use of it.
? Ya, that sounds about right. The word vomit speech dies on the tip of his tongue as fast as it had been made in his head as Lucifer starts to be all buddy-buddy with them and the unsaid words scorch his lungs till they are ash.
“Boy, if you’re working here you’ll be earning a keep,” he tosses out gruffly. “I can’t say that it’ll be much, but I ain’t having people here with nothing more than room and board as payment. That said, I’ve got a barn out back by the house. It’s got a cleared stable in it, so for now you’ll sleep there.”
“So tell me, why’s it that you had to leave where you lived? Most folks I know are born, live, and die within the same county limits. And if they do leave, they’ve got a plan already in place but I get the feeling that isn't the case for you, is it?”
The entire conversation leaves something odd in his chest, same as it had the night Cas tripped over his blanket. But he refuses to examine it.
As they all finish, Castiel stands to help clean up both the table and the mess Alfie had made, counting down the minutes until he gets to go to the barn. Perhaps he’ll sneak the flask with him, tell his parents he wants to make sure Dean hasn't aggravated any injury while working alone.
He bends forwards, a breathless noise makes its way from both their throats at the press of skin on skin. His fingers skim the line of Cas’ jaw, the swirls catching along his stubble, he draws his thumb along his bottom lip, the softness of it such a contrast to the roughness against the rest of his hands.
As they pass the house Cas looks at it and Dean can only imagine what plays through his head as he does. The laughter of his siblings, the odd fights he had with Gabriel, the voice of his parents, the smell of the kitchen, the way the dust would swirl as it was caught in the yellow beams of sunlight that would stream through his bedroom windows. He doesn't ask and Cas doesn’t share.
He can't help but think in these moments how different his life is now than it was a year and a half ago. Can’t help but think what would have become of him if he hadn’t allowed Cas to become his friend that first week on his parent’s farm.
“No, I swear! He told me never to tell you that but I just had to let you know.” Castiel leans in conspiratorially, “Don’t let him know that I told you though, the last time I spilled one of his secrets he stole all my favourite books.”
Cas is jittery, Dean can see that, or perhaps jittery isn’t the correct word but he’s on edge. He hasn’t known Cas for long but he’s never seen the man
“Is she pushing for you to get married before you can go to school? I would think that setting yourself up and being supported should come before a wedding, no?”
After some time, in which they simply sat with each other, Beam—named for exactly where she’d been perched when they found her in the barn—purring at Dean’s side where she's now curled up enjoying the quiet and company, Dean’s stomach starts to growl. Cas looks at him sideways, an amused smile playing at his lips and Dean shoves him a bit with his shoulder.
Dean takes this in stride and when he slips to his knees in front of Castiel he lifts the hem of his shirt before leaning in and sucking small bruises into the skin of his stomach and hips. Dean bites at the skin gently and Castiel has to throw a hand out to support himself on the wall as the other lands itself into Dean’s short, sun blonde hair.
“Well, I'm real sorry to hear that,” the man offers, looking around the area. “Now, what can I do for you? Folks ‘round here don’t always take too kindly to strangers walking on their land but you’ve got nothing more than that sack there so I ain’t goin’ to chase you out. But you best answer honestly.” The look in the man’s eyes that speaks of hardened, ruthless resolve returns as he listens and grows nervous. To tell this man the truth is a death sentence, but to keep it may be one as well.
“Sorry about this,” Cas says as he takes the wash and pours it over the lashing, Dean hisses against the pain but his mind is elsewhere.
There's always been something about how blood flows whenever pressure is added that turns his stomach. Each step towards the house sends a small wave of blood streaming down his leg and he can’t tell if it's the blood loss or the general disgust towards the feeling that has him a bit woozy.
It was different when they were only working on random words and common sentences, but with the texts in front of him he feels quite dim. It's not a feeling he is unaccustomed to, Sam tried his best but he knew he wasn’t the one that could be deemed anywhere near smart. Still, it grates at him, his incompetence in something that should be so easy, he
Dean gapes at that, “Are you serious?” When Cas simply nods, he continues, “Uh ya I guess I could show you how, but I don’t see how you’ll be able to learn to fire it on the farm, makes a lot of noise you understand.”
“We’ll figure it out soon enough,” Dean says before leaning to look into Ringers' eyes. “Won’t we boy?”
“C’mon Cas,” he stutters out, glad that he's made no comment on the memory. “Your turn, what's your happiest memory?”
“You’re so needy for it Dean, you're just desperate for me to give you anything,” he says and Dean can’t help but groan, his name passing through those sinful lips as he inches him closer to his release is almost too much for him.
If he didn't know better, he would assume Cas was flirting in his own way, gaging his interest and storing it for the future. He's not sure what to make of it, every time he thinks he's understanding a bit more of Cas and whatever it is that is going on between them—if it’s anything at all—he does something to throw him off. For Christ's sake, the man is talking explicitly about being his friend but the look in his eyes tells a very different and very compelling story.
Castiel begins tracing out the letters, making them as clear as he can, it’s more difficult than he expected as he only writes cursive, not print. As they work through the alphabet, he sings the song his mother taught him when he was a child. Castiel can tell that he is struggling with the rote nature that is expected with learning the alphabet, as an adult who has knowledge of the language much greater than a four year old, he doesn't doubt that this is especially dull work.
He had agreed to lessons, had agreed to spending more time with Castiel than was needed which he tried not to think too far into. But he had fought against the idea, even though Castiel could see how much he had wanted it.
“The boy says he’s got no name, so I don't see how we’d be able to get him any help if we couldn’t do it here. What's more, he says he can’t read or write, now it seems he can speak just fine though which I suppose is a saving grace. I’m sending you out with his supper after we are all finished here, and I was hoping you would be able to get him to talk, find a name or anything that we can use for our records, and in case anything goes wrong. He seems about your age Castiel so I’m hoping that if he has a problem with answering to authority like I'm guessing he does, he’ll talk to you,” his father finishes with a sigh.
I don't know if I was the only one to think that the location of the final fight looked way wayyyy too much like where Cas was killed at the end of s12 but I decided to use that and add it into the lore I made up for the spell.
When day breaks on the fourth morning, Castiel knew he would be working with him again, what with his father requesting Remy be ready at dawn.
Dean circles his hole, warming the jelly and relaxing the muscle, he teases himself and Cas with the slowness of his movements and he feels so empowered to have Cas staring at him dumbstruck.
The taller one spins his gun already drawn, not a second later the ground beneath them uproots as a bullet strikes into it. If it was meant as a warning shot Dean doesn’t listen to the threat. He draws his pistol as pain slices through his arm, he bites out a shout and looks down quickly. A decent sized chunk of his skin and muscle has been shot clean off his bicep, the edges are torn, muscle trying to hold on but failing, and blood pours down his arm. Licking hot trails down towards his fingers eager to drip off into the dirt.
Dean and Sam share a look, understanding coming quickly to them both. Whatever is happening to Jack, it seems like he’s absorbing the power from things around him. To an extent that it nearly drains everything from them. Yet he and Sam are fine… then again if Dean’s learned anything from the last decade of his life it's to not think too deeply into what goes on with angels because it's the fastest way to give himself a headache.
Like always, Ellen shouts a greeting to him the second he gets a foot in the door. He saddles up to the bar and leans against it as he waits. Ellen's husband Bobby—a gruff man who hides a heart of gold under several layers of intimidating exterior (though the instant you see him with Ellen it’s clear as day that he’s far kinder than anyone would think)—pops out at the sound of his voice with a warm smile on his face and a story on his tongue.
“Not until you tell me what the fuck has been going on this past week.” If Dean is shocked by Castiel’s use of language he doesn't show it. “You say nothing to me, you avoid me as best you can and yet my brother tells me in confidence that he’s seen you looking at the house in what he assumes to be an attempt to watch me, and then I catch you doing the same not thirty minutes ago.”
Dean turns and looks from his position at Cas' name, the angle is atrocious so he can barely see the etchings.
He’s so full, stretched wide around Cas’ impressive length. His nerves alight again stronger than ever and he can hardly take a breath around the fire coursing, singing through his veins. He balances himself with two hands splayed on Cas’ bare chest, the muscles shift and roll beneath his fingers and he wants to trace it all with his tongue just to know how it feels.
“I should have no problem meeting you before supper but it’ll have to be in the afternoon, my pa has been on my case about me shirking my work,” Cas says with a peeved look.
He’s dressed in clothes he’s only seen on well-off folks before, his shirt and trousers, much above the label of work clothes that he exclusively wears. What’s more, the fabric is free of dirt, blood, or liquor. He stands with an air of authority but the uncertainty of his gait tells him that’s a show.
It’s one thing to desire a man in your bed and to act on it, but to desire a man in your heart is another matter altogether. And it's not a want Dean thinks he’s ready to share.
He doesn't let himself think about what his life will be like when he’s able to finally live it as he wishes. It hurts equally too much to imagine Dean’s face in his fantasy as it does to imagine a faceless man as a stand in.
Blunt nails scrape against his skull and the vulnerable skin of his neck and Dean slams his eyes closed with the pleasure of it all. He drives his hips harder, the hot glide of their cocks together—just barely managing not to be too dry thanks to their steadily leaking crowns—has the heat curling in his groin, pulses of arousal skirt down his spine and with each his brain goes fuzzier.
Rolling his eyes he throws a quick, “Of course.” before Cas is taking off towards the house at a much faster clip.
“Mmm? Ya sunshine. Why, you don't like it?” Cas looks a bit embarrassed so Dean quickly assures him.
His ears ring, his blood rushes through his body, there’s no outside world to him anymore. Everything fades out. The ground around them, the noises Ringer keeps making, wholly displeased with what’s gone on here, the exhaustion that seeps into his bones, it all disappears.
“Hey it's okay to be nervous,” he reassures when Alfie sticks his head into the crook of his shoulder, “I know he’s very loud and,” he looks around conspiratorially before leaning in close and whispering, “quite annoying, but he’s really just a softie,” he finishes returning to a normal speaking volume.
With the last town fading into the distance, plenty of food and supplies and Ringer ready for it, they head into three days of wilderness.
One of the things that helped him most through his life was the adrenaline that would course like fire through his veins, he supposes it helped keep him from this weak feeling.
“Sam and I used to do something like this, the lying here that is. When the weather was nice enough I’d take whatever we had to sleep on at the time and set it outside, we’d watch the sun fade away and he’d tell me the names of the colours that played across the sky as the hour got later and later. Then when it was dark enough and the stars came out, we would imagine them, what they were like, if we could touch them how would they feel, just like with clouds. Sam always said they were God’s angels looking down on us to make sure we were doing okay. I just saw the space, each one so small, so insignificant in the sky but together they made this picture that we could play within for hours. Sometimes we would just lay there in the quiet, Sammy always fell asleep long before I did, the kid could sleep just about anywhere,” he huffs a small laugh at the same time he realizes there's moisture in his eyes. He doesn’t move to get rid of it.
Cas leans in close, resting their foreheads together and conspiratorially whispers, “Good, because I really didn’t want to change it.” into the scant space between them.
“Yes, well he never was very fond of that particular nickname but, I think that as an older brother it is within my rights, nay it is my duty to ignore that entirely,” he says as he draws his foot up to pick at the debris on it.
Cas pushes his mouth away from Dean’s and begins to mark his upper chest, teeth and tongue and sealed lips make their journey over his chest. He burns as Castiel maps him out again and again. He burns and Castiel treasures it.
Dean’s on edge the entire day, he’s constantly checking around them, constantly making sure they don't find themselves alone on the road for long. He paces from Ringer’s head to the side of the gig while they water him to make sure that he can see around the back. He has his pistol in his hand the entire time they’re stopped. An easily understood threat that has other travellers glancing at them sideways as they pass.
“Yeah, I’m fine, just got a bit ahead of myself is all,” he responds, realizing that he hadn’t taken in a word of Jody’s trip onto the farm.
Resigned, he retires to his room, stopping at the window in his room as he had the previous night to peek at the barn, the door is shut which he finds odd considering. Dean almost always has the door open.
It's the feeling he gets each time his mother's cold gaze hits him directly or whenever his father avoids his eyes when they speak. He gets it whenever his older brothers and sisters, minus Gabriel, look at him as though it was his fault that Gadreel passed on. It is the same feeling he got as a child when Gabriel caught him staring at that boy. In that moment the feeling had sprouted fiercely in his chest and stomach that he thought he might actually get sick.
“Is this okay?” he asks Cas, trying to ignore the way his length rides the crease of his ass yet again.
Striding up beside him, Dean’s a bit taken aback by the impressive stance of the horse. Ringer stands just taller than him, larger than most horses so Dean stands up on the siding of his stall to get a good look at him.
“What better way to let your brother know that you’ve been learning than to show him directly,” he asks sincerely.
“Shall we see how fast I can bring you to the edge with just my hand, think about it Dean, picture how my hand looks around you. Do you like it? Why don’t you look; see how gorgeous your cock looks wrapped in my fist.” The bastard is cocky as all getup and even worse, he has every reason to be.
“Cas, I-,” Dean lets out a rough hum as he collects himself. This speech is going to be different. He can feel it, the emotions within him seem to grow choppy, spilling over the dam wall more and more and he just knows that whatever happens, he won’t be returning to the bunker whole.
And yet he has no plans to find out the truth, at least he doesn't have any now, maybe he’ll be made to work with Dean and he’ll then have the chance to ask him about it when Dean can’t just leave to avoid the conversation.
He feels foolish having to ask but he knows without the help he won’t have a chance to say it and he doesn’t want to upset this man.
Five days later Castiel sits in the kitchen of the only home he’s ever known. A home that has brought so much joy to his life, so much love from his siblings, so many memories it's like he can hear the laughter bounce down the hallways, or the wail of an infant in the dark of night. A home that he had all of his milestone moments in, same as his brothers and sisters, where every door or window is part of a million moments in his life that together made him.
Jody whispers something to Donna that sounds vaguely like “same situation” before she turns back to them with—if it’s even possible—an even larger and warmer smile. Donna walks right up to Dean, he’s expecting a handshake so he’s quite surprised when her arms wrap around him, there's something about the hug that makes him think of his mother. Donna squeezes a bit and he wraps his arms around her, completing the hug and making something warm grow in his chest. He sinks into it a bit and sighs. It’s comforting to have something so reminiscent of motherly affection in his life, even for the short few seconds Donna hugs him. Donna pulls back and pulls Cas into a short hug too; he relaxes into it immediately and Dean can’t help the private smile that makes its way to his face at the sight. She drops her arms and takes a step back before walking back to Jody’s side. They talk privately before Donna turns back to them.
The farm was calm, though energetic, and Dean had found himself settling. Each time he felt such a way, it would jolt him and he’d remind himself that settling wasn’t safe. He warred with himself daily about the ordeal. On one hand, he thought that if anyone was after him, they would have shown up by now, but at the same time, the worry remained in his mind that he was unnecessarily endangering Cas and his family merely with his presence.
“Is this better?” Cas questions after Dean has stopped manipulating his body for several seconds while he tried to get himself in control. It escapes his notice just how rough Cas’ voice is, and how shaky his breathing is.
Castiel says nothing for a long time. His jaw works itself over, his face mars and clears in odd cycles. Now and again he’ll look up at Dean, study the man, search his eyes for god knows what, before dropping or averting his gaze.
He drives his hips forward as he draws Dean into him with the hand he has on Dean’s side and feels his own hardness press against the well of Dean’s hip. Pleasure erupts in his gut from the movement and sparks of it shoot around and come to rest at the base of his spine as Dean gives a small shout.
Their last night out in the middle of nowhere sees them half laying half sitting up beside each other against the tree behind them. Their fingers are interlocked as they lay in Cas’ lap.
“Dean used to nickname the guns he’d find and grab up, always based on the maker but still it was ridiculous,” Sam offers traitorously.
It doesn't take long for the kitchen to fill with children. Anael is first with Alfie in tow and she nearly cries when she goes about saying hello to Gabriel and Kali. The younger children who have some more solid memories of Gabriel swarm him and Kali, the look on his brothers face when the children circle him is priceless and completely worth whatever nonsense Gabriel is bound to get up to while he’s home.
