It was James’ specialty to go straight into personal topics with strangers, like it was an afterthought. They usually gave in to his provocation and chatted freely, even feeling a bit guilty and dirty after.
‘It’s fake’ Dean said. ‘This white is too bright to be real in this lighting’.
‘In heaven, everybody look like they see themselves. You’ll be the man you would have one become’.
‘You’re a monster’, Charlie said. ‘You definitely should sleep more’.
James chuckled.
‘Those who were before you’ Dean didn’t even think before saying that. ‘They did it many times. I had been sore the morning after more times that I can remember’.
‘I feel like that, too. You’re not the Dean I used to know. You’re not my brother who raised me. You’re not the one who was my role model when I was a child. All I see is just a shadow of that brilliant person I used to love. But I still care of you. I still… hope. And, secretly, I would love to find out that you’re right and you’re just another Dean from another world. But now…’
'Even if they feel like taking someone's life?'
‘None of your business’ Dean snapped. ‘What do you want?’
The thing Dean regretted most was church restrictions. He wished he was able to enter and find out what the 'sin of the year' was. He had to rely on street prophets and mass media which peppered sex altogether. They called it awful, disgusting, and soul-burning. It was hilarious how people emphasized lust among other deadly sins while it wasn't even the most popular one. Sex was fun, though.
‘Tell me’.
‘Remember?’ James chuckled. ‘Like you remember me?’
His puny hope which he had been chocking up for all those unholy years arose. After everything what happened, Dean finally saw the light.
‘I know what you were thinking when you left your home. You spent a night in a Flora motel, and you couldn’t sleep. You were in the lobby, you watched their TV, and it was a rerun of Coyote Ugly. You saw the scene where the heroine was singing One Way Or Another song among the crowd of angry drunk sports fans, and you recalled you listening to Blondie, and you decided to become Debbie Harry not to be Dean Winchester anymore.’
‘It’s actually better to make a deal with the Devil’. Sam chuckled. ‘At least you can expect him to abide the terms of his part’.
He shuddered.
He didn’t precise, but Cas understood which morning he was talking about. After
James felt refreshed. He took another look at his papers and noticed that the most important document lacked one signature of the dear Morningstar lawyer Sam Winchester.
‘Do you like me that way?’ He asked sheepishly when he saw Cas behind him in the mirror.
James suddenly felt… betrayed. He wasn’t use to be a fool of circumstances, was he?
‘I think it’s a catch in this question, isn’t it?’
‘I get it if you need to shower and dress up’ Cas said, sitting tentatively on the edge of the couch. ‘Take your time, Dean. I’ll wait here’.
‘Why?’ Dean whispered, and he couldn’t tell at that moment what he was asking about precisely. Why hadn’t Cas come earlier? Why did he come now? Why did he tell that? Why had he fallen in love with Dean in the first place?
So instead being the laughingstock for churls and pitied by the clerisy Dean chose to turn into a cool chick who could kick asses – metaphorically, of course. He liked being ogled, he liked those small benefits a good-looking lady could count on. He liked it when men were polite to him, oblivious to the fact that they would have despised him if they only knew.
‘As you wish, dear’ Castiel slapped his ass playfully, quickly slicked his dick, and pushed it into the tight heat of Dean’s ass. He moved slowly, constantly alarmed by Dean’s reaction, ready to stop at any glimpse of Dean’s discomfort but Dean didn’t show any. His body was naturally accepting the intrusion.
‘Only if you want it’ Cas said.
was surely a joke,
Dean startled. Well, the fire was something that a proper stalker could learn from a meticulous investigation, and his memories, they could be spilled out during his hypnosis sessions. But for unknown reason he wanted to believe Cas. He just couldn’t.
‘That one who wrote that
‘Hello, Dean. You’re headlight is still broken’. That disarming coy smile, again. ‘I thought I could drive you to the auto shop so you could buy a new one without any... accidents’. Dean chuckled thoughtlessly when Cas called it ‘accident’. Really, nothing special, he just had been almost shot by his rapist.
‘Pity, because he wants’.
Dean thought he was hallucinating at first. It was hard to recognize the man: last time Dean had seen him the man was wearing military clothes and a helmet and was covered in dirt, soot and blood.
Dean didn’t realize his rim was so sensitive before Castiel did that with his tongue, and he didn’t want it to stop. Perhaps Dean wasn’t against being eaten out all night long. It could be a decent substitution to anal sex. But Dean figured that it was a way to prep him; that probably Castiel would fuck him on his saliva only, that...
‘Well, Dean, let’s stop before you drag me into your own madness, ok? I really have to go now, and I beg you, please, don’t say anything like that to your doctor anymore. I’ll arrange everything for you to be the same as it was, but please don’t let me down again’.
This part Dean missed completely.
So tenderness was something Dean never knew and something Dean never knew he wanted. Cas was making him believe that Dean was worth it, and Dean struggled not to sink into that belief because he was anything but worth.
Rain seemed to be endless.
Dean stood up and walked to reach the bottle.
At that point, he considered killing himself.
‘What does it means? Dorothy, with all respect, I can’t be a nurse, I’m not qualified…’
‘Your guessing is quite correct, Dean’, the doctor said, ignoring his crudeness. ‘Your brother is a lawyer; he lives in Palo-Alto with his wife Jessica and their son John. But he put you here not because he wanted, as you worded, to palm you off. He put you in Lawrence Saving Path because he wants you to get professional services and because he wants you to get better’.
In his eyes, Dean saw something that he had never seen before. The man lied, and it was obvious, everyone lied to Dean in that world. But the man was aware of his lying. He looked like a person who had something to hide and who was about to be debunked.
‘Bye, Dean’.
Long minutes passed before Cas let them separate just to get rid of the condom and come back again, grasping Dean like an octopus. He nuzzled Dean’s nape, and Dean quivered at the tickle.
‘Yeah, I hope you’ll like it’ Dorothy pulled her phone out and tapped something in it, and then showed it to Dean. He took her phone and looked through the Facebook post.
Dean was ready to plonk that guy right to the floor and ride his beautiful big cock because his level of dominance was fucking unbelievable.
‘Glad to hear. So, where should I sign?’
Castiel stood behing him, grinded his dick against Dean's ass and opened his fly with a swift, skilled motion. But he didn't touch Dean's cock as Dean expected and went straight to his hole.
memory and he tried to pick up everything he could from it. Dean was sure that his memory was about
Dean darted to the fence and grabbed the bars.
‘That’s what you see - it’s healed already. It’s not that awful. Better than it was, I mean. When they took the bandage off, it was all read and blue. And stitches... I didn’t know who did it, but it wasn’t the best plastic surgeon in the universe, believe me’ Dean chuckled sorely. He looked furtively at Cas’ face, trying to see a glimpse of pity or disgust. But there wasn’t any of it – but the real, unbearable pain was, as if Cas had just walked through time and stepped in Dean’s shoes.
‘Please, sir’ Dean insisted. ‘I just can’t handle a delay, I have my –‘ Dean picked over various types of relatives in his head, what would stir up more sympathy – ‘little son waiting for me, and –‘
‘My little brother danced to that song with his first girlfriend of their prom. I saw them. It was sweet. I almost didn’t want to throw up’.
‘Oh’ Dean smiled and gave her a knowing nod. ‘The child is not mine’.
‘There... on my ass’ Dean could finally form his words... a pathetically small part of them. ‘What’s there?’
‘You were so nice last night, what’s happened? Where did the passion go?’ Sam mocked the guy, but it was just because he was extremely tired. He hadn’t slept a wink last night.
Sam smiled helplessly.
behind their backs.
‘He pays for that wish wash crap that you’re barfing out from this shitty cakehole of yours, so I guess he has a decent job with full medical insurance’ Dean said, trying to sound as maliciously as possible. He hated that woman. ‘And probably he is not alone, because he had to palm me off on your godforsaken hole of a kindergarten. Otherwise he’d take care of me himself. Am I right?’
James looked behind and observed the building Sam Winchester had just left closely.
‘Little son, huh?’ The cop asked peery. ‘How old is he so you left him all alone, girl?’
‘By whom?’ Dean asked, rolling his eyes. ‘By a captured plane crashing into a building?’
They passed through familiar little yard where Dean had met James in the morning. Meg opened a barely visible wicket door and made a gesture that looked like something between ‘welcome, sir’ and ‘get the fuck out’.
‘He has been waiting for more than a century and he doesn’t even expect to meet his ancestors. He’d wait for ten more minutes’ Cas said mischievously and pulled Dean into his arms.
‘To come here and fuck me?’
'Stand up' he ordered, and once Dean complied, Castiel pinned Dean against the wall and pressed his own body tight against Dean's back. 'I find it wonderful that you do everything I say. Be a good boy for me, stay still now'.
Dean looked at Dorothy with surprise.
'That's not what I meant' Dean said protectively and surprised himself. He was a demon, he was supposed to support those who kill for pleasure or to get something they couldn't get other way, but he realized that taking someone's life wasn't that fun for him anymore.
’ he heard his own voice. ‘
Sam Winchester’s phone told that his owner was unavailable.
There was a regular traffic jam, but James didn’t feel rush, he had enough time to catch Sam Winchester. He entered the required terminal still having time and called him.
Maybe Sam Winchester had a skeleton in the closet, and that skeleton longed to be useful.
His own room was magnificent. It had a king size bad with a pillow-top mattress (in opposite to a sleeper-sofa he had before), a very old wardrobe (something where a gateway to Narnia could be hidden), heavy, black-out curtains, and a big fuzzy carpet.
Dean decided that probably Castiel was not the worst employer that he had ever had. That mention of
And still, he was clinging to that tenderness, trying to get as much as he could. Dean threw back his head to give Cas better access to his throat, and Cas used it immediately to peck tiny kisses onto Dean's Adam's apple.
, but no one asks me’ Gabriel chuckled. ‘So, Dean, it’s the last call for you to refuse, or you’re responsible for this nerd from now on’.
Everyone knew that Dean Winchester was a good man and that he could do everything for his brother Sammy. He was a kind of momma bear because he was able to rip a guy apart if he threatened his little brother. Literally. On hearsay.
'What do you mean?' Dean asked, concerned. 'You weren't there even'.
Castiel was naked.
‘His name was Alastair’ Dean said abruptly. ‘I found out after’.
‘What again?’ He grunted. ‘Leave me alone’.
‘Got it’ Cas giggled but his eyes were terrifyingly sad.
‘Please, Dean. It’s not what you’re thinking about. I won’t hurt you, please, just let me show you’.
‘Two thousand eight’ James answered. ‘And sorry, man, you don’t look like twenty-nine. Nah.’
Loved, because jeez, someone finally cared. Hated, because he wanted Cas to take all pleasure he could get from his crippled body.
He chose a safe option.
When Jo came bitching about endless lines to all-gender stalls and rabbits who can't wait to fuck at home, Castiel looked enchanted. Jo winked at Dean and faked a yawn. Dean called taxi for her and gave her money to pay it, and Castiel suggested walking her to the cab to make sure she was safe. After she left, Castiel kissed Dean at the very place they stood.
Castiel fisted his hair, and Dean moaned around him. He couldn't take the whole lenght but when the head poked into the back of his throat Dean tried to relax and managed to let the whole head in.
Cas suddenly became stiffer and put his cheesy mumbling into more grownup words.
‘I –‘ Cas seemed to be lost for a second. ‘Let me show you’.
‘It’s totally explainable why you think so, Mr. Novak. But believe me: I’m really going to Kansas’.
After what seemed to last like ages, Dean broke their kiss and stepped back, panting.
‘Officer Walker, what do you think you’re doing?’
‘So what? I’ll be constantly happy and in peace with my deformity? Fuck it’
‘Mine’s Dean. I like you’.
‘How can I help you?’
‘Guardian angels are not allowed to intervene in human lives outright. It took long time for me to beg for the permission’.
‘Such an old guy for a teen’s prom, you perv’.
'What kind of lawyer are you? Do you protect felons or something like that?'
reference was just a joke, it still was a lethal game involved with that gorgeous, handsome, mind-bending man around.
Cas beamed at him. Dean could swear it was just his imagination, but he could feel that the man was literally radiating waves of happiness.
But Cas surprised him again when he started to tease Dean's hole with one lubed finger as he bent down to Dean's back and kissed it tenderly close to the neck. Dean shuddered.
‘I didn’t expect you to come so soon’, Sam said discontentedly. He hated to be caught off guard, especially by that kind of people.
Jo entered the room, putting her running sneakers off, stepping on her heels. Her hair was sticky with sweat, as well as her tank top and shorts. As opposed to Pam and Dean, Jo was a sports fan, while Pam said the best wellness was steak, glass of red wine, and a full bowl of ice cream. When Jo had tried to involve Dean in her godawful activities, he had switched on his black humor and rebuffed, saying that she couldn’t ask an amputee to be her fitness companion. They had laughed their asses off after that.
He heard a click, and he didn’t have to look up to understand that the bastard decided to use the gun.
‘What year is now?’ He asked helplessly. He understood how pathetic and insane it sounded.
James Novak wasn’t the compassionate type, but at that moment he felt like the whole world was on Dean’s shoulders.
Dean’s face grew pale.
’ Dean hissed. ‘I know this is a lie. I know who you are’.
Dean stood up. He was confused. He could reproduce that dream in his mind without a hindrance, but that time when he tried to imagine it again he was sure that he saw James’ face instead of that man. Dean couldn’t understand whether it was James’ face from the beginning or it became that after he saw him.  It was the first time he couldn’t believe his memory. And it hurt so much to understand that his firmness broke over his most precious, most infusive memory.
The image vanished, and Dean inhaled deeply, as if he had just resurfaced from under the water.
‘Say to you lawyer, Mr. Winchester, that if he wants to talk, I gonna be waiting for him behind the building next to the staff’s smoking area in half an hour’.
Dean stopped to think for a second whether it was good or bad for him. On the one hand, he wasn't sent to Earth with a mission to debauch human beings, quite the opposite, he had to become one. It was appropriate for him to lose some part of his demonic nature and to acquire some humanly treats. On the other hand, it was too fast, and right now he could barely tell if he had those treats from the beginning.
There were Charlie, his friend since high school, and her charming girlfriend Dorothy. Dean was a bit afraid of her; Dorothy was tough and quick-witted.
‘I like yours not any less’ Dean smiled and got back to bed.
They went outside, and it was… outside indeed. Ok, it still was the territory of the clinic, but it was a tiny field separated only by fence. Patients were allowed to walk in the inner yard only, and Dean had never seen this part of the surrounding. The girl nodded in the direction of a person who was standing at the other side of the fence.
The doctor sighed again. If Dean cared more about her professional skills he would be surely pissed off by her obvious irritancy of his stubbornness. But at that point he was already too pissed off by her entire agenda of “healing” him to pay attention on her competence.
Dean had never seen gargoyles in real life, but he was sure that they were that.
From all sins that Dean had experienced since he was reborn, that one was the most delightful.
‘Did they use you... for the purpose I’m thinking about?’ He went pale.
‘Yes’.
‘You saw the documents’.
‘Let’s your words meet you actions’ Dean snarled back and slowly got out of bed. He turned back and looked at his lover.
'So, you hate companies?' Dean jumped the idea instantly. He had heard a lot about Americans thinking that businesses were something god-given, and that it was a sin to go against the free market. So, aside being gay, Cas could be a greater sinner, and that thought made Dean's guts warm.
‘Didn’t you hear me, slut? Strip.’
‘Ok’, Sam shrugged. ‘Neither can I. But yeah, I’m ready to imagine. What then?’
Castiel got rid of the full condom with a graceful move and came back to bed. He sat on the edge of the bed and Dean couldn’t help but stare Castiel's broad frame. Those people who came to the brilliant idea to call sin ugly were probably distinguished hypocrites. Dean's personal sin was build like a god.
‘Go, Sam’ Dean said. ‘You have your business, and I… I have to think it over, I guess’.
But the most impressive part of Castiel was his eyes. They were blue and radiant, and Dean couldn’t remember if he had ever seen another person with this eye color for real.
'I will. Just not like that' and Dean felt Cas' hands to push him down and turn around. Cas put Dean on his side, and laid down behind his back, making Dean a little spoon. Cas' strong hand was spread across Dean's body, and Cas' lips were pressed to Dean's nape. It was a mawkishly sweet action, and Dean wanted so hard to mock it, but at the same time he felt like he could cry because he had never felt so protected in his whole stupid life.
‘Why?’ Dean almost cried. Why the hell his guardian angel dared to look away and let that fucking shit happen to him?!
‘Come on, I’m not after your dignity, I’m not even sure that you have it.’ She made a pause, and then took the yard and put it back into her pocket.
He sounded so concerned Dean wanted to spit him in the face.
‘Leave the lady alone, Walker, get into your car, and go away as fast as your old bucket can. And I won’t tell a soul.’
‘It’s fake’.
‘That I am what?’
It was kind of a want ad. Some owner was looking for a person who was ready to take care of his mansion. There were a photo of the mansion (it was old, huge and spooky), requirements (to clean, to maintain facilities, to take care of cars, and to entertain the owner), and contacts (a phone number and e-mail address). The ad was posted by an unknown man who wasn’t the owner, from all appearances, and reposted by one of Dorothy’s Facebook friends named Kali.
So that, there was no surprise that one day he found himself sweating guts out with his three jobs to be able to find money for Sammy, who was currently away for Stanford. Dean was a full-day car mechanic from Tuesday to Friday, all around handyman on Monday and weekend, and he was a bartender on standby in Roadhouse whenever he was needed. He was talented at everything he did; and he was extremely tired.
‘See you, Sammy’.
They were totally impressed by Dean’s handiness and his allure. Gabriel appreciated his bartending past. ‘Wow, my brother would love to hire a master in mixology, lucky bastard’, he said.
Dean heard intimidation in his voice and hastened to say the first thing that came up to his head.
‘James… eh… Winchester’.
'Tell it to the guy I dated'.
‘That friend of yours, James Novak.’ She smirked.
And the madman fell for it.
‘What makes you think she’s dead?’
For a brief moment, Winchester looked so sad that James wanted to cheer him up somehow.
James wasn’t a big fan of BDSM and other activities that involved hanging, but that crazy brother of Sam Winchester literally hung him on his tie. He should have thought about risks of being attacked by a mad man before bothering him.
‘I didn’t say anything like that’, Dean said with a faraway look. ‘She made it up herself. Listen to yourself, Sam, I’m not that kook to decide to kill the President of the United States’.
'It is it. I wasn't'.
She looked at him as she was expecting him to jump with joy. Dean hesitated.
He took his duffle bag out of the trunk. There was no surprise that all his possessions fitted in one bag.
‘I think you’re exaggerating, Mr. Winchester’ He smiled ‘The flight to California is in an hour and a half’.
James realized that Winchester was obsessed, and he accidently became an object of his obsession. When he was planning to get to Sam Winchester through his loony relative, he didn’t expect that he would get endued with such responsibility.
That Dean fucking Winchester, whoever he was, was a natural born slut.
“Who wants to go do some cave diving?” he asks, clapping his hands together and looking around at the group. Several excited smiles answer his question and a concerned look from Sam, which Dean ignores because he knows his brother will enjoy it. “Awesome! Benny, is it cool if we take your boat? It's not that far, but we will have to hike a bit.”
“The shower is already huge!” Jo protests, causing Dean to laugh.
“The ship didn't come in. Of fucking course it didnt come in.”
Unfortunately a much different accident took Lydia from them only a year after Emma was born. A drunk driver had hit her at an intersection and killed her on site. The two were never really a couple beyond the fact that they shared a daughter. They were very good friends and vowed to do everything in their power to give Emma a good life.
“Yes!” Emma cheers from her seat and even Claire seems to perk up a little bit.
“You could say it’s kinda like polar opposites, huh Cas?” Dean says nudging him genty.
She smirks up at him from where she is leaning against the door frame with her arms crossed. “We were just having a little fun, Deanie weanie! No need to get so uptight about everything.”
“But you are always flirting with the women in the office!”
“Can’t really blame her, you clean up well Dean and you wear that suit better than I ever did.”
“Hey Claire, how's it goin?” he asks when he gets close enough. When she looks up and he sees the pain, hurt and anger in her eyes, his hackles go up immediately. Who hurt her so badly that she can’t hide her emotions away like she normally does? And how dare they hurt her! She may not be his daughter, but he loves her as if she was. His first instinct is to pull her into a tight hug and probably never let go, but after years of knowing her he knows that will only make things worse. Dean just has to go with it and offer his support until she's ready to open up. Claire still hasn’t said or done anything other than stare at him, so he makes his decision and turns to search for Benny.
He clears his throat and tries again. “Yes, I was just wondering if you want to go to the festival tonight?”
“Why aren’t you with your family celebrating Christmas?” He asks. Dean could lie, but he feels like he owes him the truth for some reason.
“Alrighty then, folks! We got a very special treat for y’all tonight!” Ash says into his microphone while looking down at the list. “One of our very favorite regulars has graced us with his presence once again tonight. Ladies and gents, let's give a very nice welcome to our very own singing angel, Castiel!”
They find a couple chairs to sit and set their stuff on. Castiel immediately goes on his phone and starts looking up places they can stay. The first few places he calls tell him they are completely booked for that night. With a frustrated huff, Castiel falls into the chair next to Dean.
“It’s quite alright Castiel, we have accepted our fate long ago,” she says quietly. “You go and have a merry Christmas now.”
“So you haven't told him.”
“I called your office and your boss told me you were here so I had to come surprise you,” Ketch explains with a smirk on his face. His eyes travel up and down Cas’ body with a predatory look which sets Dean on edge instantly. “And who is this?”
“Dean, I need this wall gone.”
Dean didn't even think about what he would wear tonight. Panic starts to set in. How is he going to find something to wear on such short notice?
“Just tired.” Dean glances around the room and spies Benny, Jo, Emma, and Claire all still present. “Cas is on the verge of a breakdown and I know I am too, so I can imagine how all of you are feeling. I figured we could use a break since we haven't had one since we came back from Christmas.”
Knowing Cas will be there in about fifteen minutes, Dean sets to work getting the ingredients for dinner ready. He decides on a simple pasta and chicken dish since he knows both the girls enjoy that and nobody can actually hate pasta. A pot full of water goes onto the stove waiting to be boiled while he preps the kitchen for the oven. Emma eats just about anything but Dean has found Claire to be a little more on the picky side when it comes to eating. He found out that neither of her parents are very good cooks or don't have the time to cook so they end up with a lot of frozen meals or take out. Dean gets the chicken in the oven and the stove turned on to boil the water when the doorbell rings.
He checks in and gets through security without a hitch, soon finding himself staring at the gate for his flight. People have already started to board, but he still has some time. Looking around he spots one of those cheesy gift stores all airports have and he heads over immediately. Dean rifles through some magazines, coming across a Busty Asian Beauties his attention is piqued, but then he remembers he's about to get on a plane with no privacy whatsoever... Instead, he grabs a magazine featuring classic cars, figuring that is the safer option. Something else catches his attention and he makes sure to handle that before checking out.
“It’s the party of the year! I’m so sad that this will be the last one,” she trails off looking out the window at the snow covered trees.
“I read the article,” Cas explains and Dean instantly flushes.
“My name is Jesse, and this is my husband Cesar. Arrangements were made for you four to stay at our guest house and we can act as your personal tour guides for whatever you would like to do while you're here,” Jesse explains, offering a hand out in greeting. Dean takes it on pure instinct alone while trying to process the information.
“Thanks, man,” Dean explains his joke and hands the shorter man a handful of small packages. They do their best to hide them from the kids and since none of them ask a question it seems like a success. Gabe heads out with his group to see the big cat exhibits leaving Dean with Castiel and his group of kids.
Dean looks up to find miles and miles of tan skin. His mouth goes dry with Cas standing behind him in just his sleep pants, seeming to forget to put a shirt on, with his dark hair in a wet messy pile on top of his head. Dean is just barely able to hold back an embarrassing whimper at the beautiful sight. Cas runs every day and it shows with his lean muscled body and thick runner thighs that Dean has had many fantasies about.
Surprising himself, Castiel manages to get up and stay on his skates for a while. Dean is right there to grip on to if Castiel ever feels unsteady and the man never complains. Sometimes Dean will skate backwards or go in circles around Castiel but he never leaves him to go faster. Castiel is very thankful for that. He doesn’t know if he would feel the little sliver of confidence he has on the ice if Dean wasn’t right there to catch him before he fell.
“Enough!”
Cas’ silence is deafening. But Dean refuses to back down.
“Part of it, yes,” Dean says. “To tell you the truth, this wasn’t even his idea. It was your grandparents that brought it up to him in the first place.”
“Oh Claire, I’m so sorry sweetheart. You shouldn’t have had to hear any of that,” Dean replies, pulling her back into a hug. To his great relief she goes willingly and relaxes into his hold. “Do you want me to continue?”
“Yes, we are,” Cas replies with a small smile that warms Dean’s heart. “Is it a fancy event? I don’t have anything fancy other than my normal suit which I dont think will work.”
Cas makes his way up into the attic to see if he can find the certificate that can save the inn. There are dozens of boxes filled with old decorations and pictures and papers. It's so overwhelming that Castiel has no idea where to start. The first box he sees is as good as it's going to get and he resigns himself to a long night of research.
“What do you got for us?” Dean asks, rubbing his hands together and taking in the trailer.
“Why does the wall need to move?” he asks after he has calmed down.
**There is no cheating in this fic, I promise.**
“No no no no no,” Cas starts mumbling. He grips his hair in two fists and starts hyperventilating.
Walking down the stairs he takes in the countless Christmas decorations. Last night he was completely overwhelmed and felt like he had just walked into a Christmas store that had exploded. There were trees everywhere. Lights hanging off of every available surface. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he started hearing “All I Want For Christmas” any minute now. Instead Dean hears people moving around in one of the great rooms and he follows the noise.
he thinks to himself.
“When did that happen?” Sam asks.
“Ketch?” Cas asks, moving away from Dean. The warmth leaves him fast making Dean feel suddenly lost. “What are you doing here?”
“Your basic material, wood, roofing, plywood, you name it. Some tools and larger equipment. And some tiles, tables, chairs, beds, cabinets. Whatever came in on that first ship!” Jesse explains, pointing out boxes as he goes. “There’s some more back at the house that didn’t fit this time around so we figured we could unload this now and then head back and get the other stuff.”
The giant boat docks and Dean watches as his giangator brother steps off then helps a gorgeous blonde down and finally a little girl with bouncy blonde curls.
“Turn it over,” there’s a hesitancy in his voice that sets Dean's suspicions climbing. He turns it over as told and sees faded writing at the bottom.
The rest of the day passes in a blur of pool and beach fun. Benny and Jo come back with a delicious looking dinner which causes Dean to moan at the first taste. Man if he had known Benny was this good of a chef earlier he would have forced the man to chase his dream years ago. The group of friends enjoy their meal around the poolside fireplace sharing stories and just talking to each other. Laughter fills the night air and Dean couldn’t be happier. Also Meg is nowhere to be found so Dean has absolutely nothing to complain about. Except maybe the fact that Cas just looks so damn beautiful in the moonlight and Dean can’t seem to pull his eyes away even for a second.
The corners of Cas’ mouth twitch up and he nods at the little boy before calling for the attention of the rest of the class. “The polar bear you can see in the water right now is Max and then his friend up on the rocks right now is Salem. Max is still pretty young, but Salem is almost 20 years old now. Polar bears are actually the largest carnivore that lives on land, more specifically the Arctic.”
“And what happens to the person that doesn’t get the most traffic?” Dean asks hesitantly. For once Castiel is grateful for the other man's presence, asking the question that he doesn't want to ask.
“I don’t want to leave you,” she mumbles, her voice barely audible.
“Oh shit,” Dean’s mind is going a mile a minute trying to think of what he should do. He could call Cas and tell him, but realizes he doesn’t even have Cas’ phone number. “Dumb idiot! Alright, I got this.”
Slightly offended, Castiel scoffs at the remark. “I’ll have you know I don’t spend all my time doing research and reading!”
Castiel glares at him and damn Dean should really not find that look hot. “No it’s a potato.”
The girls get bored pretty quickly and head back to the beach to either lay in the sand or swim in the ocean. Dean and Cas trust them both to be on the look out for sharks and sneaker waves so Dean isn’t too concerned. Instead he follows Cas as he slowly walks the entire property, taking in every inch of the place. He has no idea what Cas is looking for but he is content to just follow the man around for the time being. There are also plenty of trees offering some much welcomed shade.
“Pina colada please!” Emma shouts pushing her way up to the counter to watch Missouri work. She gets the ice all shaved and packed into a bowl before pouring the delicious smelling flavors all over. She hands it to Emma with a bright green spoon and it doesn’t take long for Emma to dig right in. Dean smiles and holds Mary up a little higher so she can see what's going on.
“Absolutely!” Before he knows it, he has a refreshing cold beer sitting in front of him. He takes a sip and finds he enjoys it quite a bit. There's a hint of pineapple and grapefruit that give a very refreshing taste.  Instantly he takes another sip, already thinking of ordering a second one since he likes it so much. As he drinks he lets his eyes wander around the rest of the bar. He can see Ash setting up the karaoke stage and the sign up sheet with five people already standing around it wanting to sing. Cas decides he will finish his beer then head over to put his name down on the list.
No one seems to be in too big of a rush that morning, the girls relax on the beach and the men enjoy their coffee. Eventually Dean and Benny head back to the villa to assess the damage and the work that needs to be done before it's livable. The deck needs to be fully replaced but that can wait a while, and there is some water damage from the roof so one of them will have to get up there to find the real source of the issue. Some of the floor is cracked but they know that won’t be too much of an issue since it is most likely just from settlement. Dean knows Cas wants to put some kind of flooring down anyways so the cracks will just need to be filled in before they cover them.
“Hey! Wait up!” Dean calls before rushing over and placing a hand on his shoulder. “I wanna show you something real quick.”
Castiel lays awake unable to get comfortable enough to fall asleep. His whole body is strung right with tension and he misses the easy comfort he had when sharing a bed with Dean. Even if it was only for two days, Castiel’s not sure if he will ever get a good night's sleep again. At least not for a whole. He turns over into his side looking through the cheap blinds at the bright street light outside the window. Ketch snores quietly behind him and he finds it annoying instead of endearing as he did with Dean.
The more the girls hung out, the more the dads hung out. Which is awesome for Dean since he really doesn’t hang out with many people his age. On Cas’ rare days off (seriously the guy works too hard) the two pairs would get together and just hang out. Most of the time they would go to Dean’s house and let the girls play while Dean and Cas talk. It has always been hard for Dean to make friends. Sure he's an outgoing guy and has no problem talking to people, but normally they are just random strangers and they tend to stay strangers. He has very few people he would actually consider to be his friends. Cas quickly went from Emma’s best friend’s dad to Dean’s best friend.
Dean considers this for a moment and thinks about all of the ways that this could go wrong. The only thing that comes to mind is that he gets to share the bed with Cas and he could never complain about that. Really it’s a no brainer for Dean. The bed looks incredibly comfortable, he doesn’t have to sleep on the boat anymore,
excuse?”
. He needs to get out of here. Too many people. Too much noise. There’s... there’s not enough air. He might be sick. Darkness edges into his peripheral vision. A wave of vertigo hits him and he’s stumbling back, foot locking at the sudden uncoordinated movement. He crashes into Castiel’s chest, and supportive arms go around him immediately.
However, Sam comes back minus the brownies and plus a huge beaming grin. "He's really nice," he both signs and says to his family. "His name is Castiel and he works from home."
“I should be taking care of you, not the other way around,” Castiel says fiercely. “It’s my responsibility being your Dom.” He shoves up in the bed, eyes brilliantly fiery. “I shouldn’t
Dean blinks at him owlishly. He understands how much bigger the question is than just the surface words. He’s always been brilliant at reading people. “I trust you,” he says resolutely.
"It is that," Sam agrees, yawning again.
“So g-good,” Dean gasps.
~ o ~ x ~ xoXox ~ x ~ o ~
“Your Honor, this ain’t a revenge plot. I’ve b-b-b-been a cop my entire ad-d-dult life. I knew the risks going into protecting my br-br-brother.” He gestures to himself. “This? It’s a calculated risk of my profession. It could-d-d’a been anyone. Lucifer just got luckiest. He’s d-d-dangerous, b-b-but he’s not insane. In my opinion, he d-d-deserves a full sentence without parole. It’s the only way he won’t hurt anyone else.”
The whine sticks in the back of his throat with all the overwhelming emotions crashing through him. The anxiety that had been chasing towards fear for hours. The deep-seated need for
to come with us Saturday!"
spend some more time talking. Figure out a compromise while I’m not in your hair for a few days.”
"Yes," Castiel answers shortly, finally giving in and reaching over his shoulder to scratch, though the incessant itch can't be cured by scratching.
"That hardly makes sense," Castiel mutters. "I feel like you're trying to get me off track."
Dean slips fluidly in front of Castiel, tugging down the shirt collar to lay flat and then takes a step back. “Didn’t you used t-t-to tell me that appearance i-i-is critical?” His smile widens as he surveys his work. “Lookin’ good now.”
He's also very thorough. He starts with a shampoo that smells faintly of apples, massaging it into Sam's hair with all the care in the world, but then his own haphazardly, rinsing them both off with the detachable shower head.
Sam is already in makeup once Dean and Castiel make it to the backstage area. “Hey!” Sam greets. “You guys okay?”
Dean slouches lower in his seat. “Who cares?” he mutters. “I haven’t changed my mind about retiring in the last hour.”
Dean glances to his brother, finds nothing but open sincerity, then back to Castiel, his gaze flicking over his face. Same stuff there. Then he shrugs. “Cool. Charlie, can you really set something small up in three weeks?”
Dean feels like jelly. Castiel has to haul almost his full weight up by himself. He keeps his eyes closed because it feels like it’ll take way too much energy to open them. All he can feel are several swift tugs, and then he can breathe much easier. Then there’s cool softness.
"You should just tell us what's going on," Jody agrees.
"No," Dean answers immediately. "Not even a little. It's all me. Seriously, don't worry about it. I'm just back to shoving my foot in my mouth."
Castiel touches the back of Dean’s neck. “I want you to hold perfectly still. I’m only going to bind your arms and chest.”
Dean laughs with everyone else. “Dude,” he whispers.
“No way!” Sam interrupts at the same time Dean says, “Dude, no!”
Dean sits up properly, affronted. "Why the hell not?"
Out of sheer spite, Dean walks over to the couch on Sam's side and knocks his legs down off of the coffee table where he crosses, causing the laptop to slide onto the seat and Sam to curse a blue streak.
Dean does his best to fight the shaking in his hands as he swipes his debit card. Castiel hands over the receipt with a wider grin. Dean rocks back on his heels. He signs the receipt with a $5.00 tip. The coffee is only $4.00.
? A project, or an equal share of the relationship?"
He listens to Castiel shuffle back under the covers with a piteous moan as he exits his room and trudges down the stairs. It's amazing how Castiel, just by being his natural self, can make Dean launch from panic to happiness in seconds. He's a goddamn human SSRI. Or, really, just one of those people who can diffuse a bomb in less than a minute. Of course, to be fair to the both of them, it's not why Dean's keeping him around, but it's one of the myriad of reasons that he's falling in love without it terrifying him. Castiel isn't scared off by his moods and his compulsions. He's not an enabler, and he's learning when he needs to stand his ground and challenge Dean's issues, and when he needs to keep to a softer touch.
Naomi asks several follow up and clarification questions, though none appear to be testing the veracity of Castiel’s statement.
“You guys are a good story, is all,” Charlie clarifies. “People look for romance everywhere, you know? Two attractive gents such as yourselves being cute and fun gives people ideas. It’s good press. And totally harmless. Sam approves, too, just in case you were wondering.” She glances at the both of them. “Of course, if you’ve
Sam laughs. "Yeah, that sounds about right-ish."
. Not like he’s opposed to the idea. Castiel twisting and thrusting his finger in and out with no mercy is one of the best things he’s ever felt in his life. Pleasure gathers somewhere in the base of his spine, begging to be released, though he’s not sure how. It feels different than a normal orgasm. Good, of course, but also... kind of itchy. Like it won’t be enough. But he’s going to fucking learn something new because the next thrust of Castiel’s finger makes him clench hard, dry orgasm punching out of him.
With pinched lips, Meg answers, "research-y. Publish or perish, right? Nick hits critical, and this is what it looks like when reactor melts down. At least
"Fuck you."
“No,” Dean says with a frown.
Dean shifts in his chair. “Yeah, no, you’re right. I mean... I like it when you... uh, when you compliment me and stuff, but it would be weird if you did it in some other way than you do already.”
“We should do that to carry on the tradition,” Sam says warmly. “Would you like to do that with us?”
“Schedule?” Dean asks Castiel.
"If you are, it's my loss, not yours," Castiel says kindly. "You can't save everyone, my friend, though you try."
Dean jumps out of the saddle beside Castiel and holds the reins up in his own palm. “You wanna?”
Gabriel holds up both his hands placatingly. “It’s more for her, less for you. To repair
Back in the bedroom he finds Dean compliant and calm. He’s kicked back on the bed completely naked except for the leg cover. He’s dimmed the lights, too.
you get the grade once it's in the books. But you could definitely use some better organizational habits. Transcribing everything the profs say ain't gonna do you any good in the end, unless you're a masochist and
“I’ll sleep on the couch,” Dean says without preamble.
When he looks up, he’s alarmed to see that Castiel is suspiciously dewy-eyed. If he cries, Dean will take back everything he just said and run like hell.
“I am,” Sam confesses. Castiel has always appreciated the straightforward honesty between them. That’s one of the things that has kept their friendship more solid than any he’s ever had. Also, Sam worries about the people he cares for as much as Castiel does, and that common bond has carried them through a lot together. “Do you ever feel like you wasted that Stanford education?”
Shaking his head wryly, Dean relents. "Yeah, I know what you mean."
Dean swallows hard, though he's pretty sure his face doesn't change expressions. Except for the tickling flush up the back of his neck. Jesus, tonight might just kill him for all unexpected reasons.
"I honestly don't know," Sam admits, brushing aside Dean's horrible jokes. "He seemed pretty laid back both at the club and in class. I'd like to think there aren't any TA's who would abuse their authority, but my faith in humanity is a bit low these days."
Castiel smiles, moving onto his own hair after a thorough scalp massage. “That does actually surprise me.” Dean flips the switch on the shower head, soaking his head and “accidentally” spraying Castiel in the face. He splutters, grappling for the shower head to clean himself. “You’re also very childish,” he coughs.
“I’m sorry,” Dean gasps, cheek still smarting.
"Sure," Dean croaks.
The usual noises of doors opening and closing follow, the heavy feet on old stairs. He can hear his little brother dither for a minute outside of his room thanks to a squeaky floorboard, and then he walks away.
Dean’s grip tightens of Castiel’s hands. “The crowds. Mayb-b-be I’m not read-d-dy to d-d-do this yet.”
is behind all the plaid and calluses.
Castiel removes the lube from his pocket and slicks his fingers. Then he drips a generous amount along Dean’s hole. He circles the tight pucker, pressing in with the tip of his finger. Dean’s body swallows it easily.
glean from my psych specialization, is that if Dean isn't comatose in bed, he's at the very least, stable. And you gotta let loose the reins a little at this point. If he needs real help, he'll ask for it. He has a great support network which he actually uses, from what you've told me."
"This is either going to make me radioactive, or give me cancer," Sam mutters. But he takes one for the team, also downing a huge portion in a single go, silently admitting that it's not so bad. Way too sugary for his taste, but he's had worse mixed drinks. "Where are Charlie and Dorothy?" he asks after a chaser of ice water.
Gabriel chuckles. “Sounds about right.”
had a home cooked meal before."
Dean shakes his head vigorously, already panting against the gag.
They barely talk through breakfast, but it's nice. They fill each other's plates with the things they can't reach, and eat companionably. It's one of the most peaceful mornings in Sam's memory, and he loves every second of it.
~ o ~ x ~ xoXox ~ x ~ o ~
Though grateful for the distraction, Dean
"One, Sam'll be fine on his own. He's an adult and can get himself to classes and cook himself food without my help. Two, Bobby has plenty of people to help out at the garage when I can't be there. Three, this is a legit sick day. Your fucking stupid, intrusive, piece of shit brain, is sick again." Donna would take away a lollipop for the self-deprecation, but it induces a fierce sense of control in Dean sometimes, so he rolls with it when he's by himself.
Heart breaking, Dean kisses back, holds Castiel close like a vise, seals their lips together. His whole being sings with his poisonous song to have Castiel. He doesn't want to do what he has to do because he knows, in his very bones, that he truly does love this man. He takes a step backwards. Castiel goes with him willingly. Another step. Castiel clings around his shoulders. Dean tenderly strokes up the back of Castiel's neck. His other hand secured around the human's waist. One last step, and they're both tipping backwards into the freezing black water.
“Why would Michael take the fall for his brother in the first place?”
~ o ~ x ~ xoXox ~ x ~ o ~
When Dean comes with a sobbing cry inside him, the impression materializes into fact. Castiel comes with him, his wings tightening, claiming Dean within as his partner.
God, he loves Castiel’s neck. It’s strong, warm, and has those soft spots that give way to rough stubble, which Dean takes his time to slowly run his lips over until they start to tingle. Castiel’s facial muscles twitch in his sleep, but the way he continues to snore lightly, means it’s still just a nice dream. Hopefully. Otherwise he could end up with the bad kind of pain. Calculated risk. Totally worth it either way because Dean gets just a little bit hard every time he noses against Castiel’s ear, taking it between his stimulated lips. But he doesn’t go further quite yet. His naked skin in the cold air conditioning is puckering with the need to press against Castiel’s warmth, but not yet. Not... quite... yet.
Cain drops his feet to the floor and leans forward with interest. “Why did you say no?” His eyes flick to Dean, who is finally staring at his husband, though it’s fairly hostile.
it’s a beautiful feeling, indeed. He’s lying on his side, facing away from the window, back pressed to Dean’s broad chest. The man is a space heater. He radiates body heat from back to legs. His arm is heavy flung over Castiel’s waist, but a comforting weight, rather than a vise. He glances at the clock and sees that it’s only 3:00 am.
It makes Gabriel smile. He wipes his hands off on his discarded shirt, then sneezes into it, then recovers and cups Sam's cheeks, thumbing at the tear tracks.
But, today? The sky’s the limit. Dean had made sure of that. He’s never once asked for a day off. Sam can’t just stop being famous, so it always feels unfair to ask him to lay low in the house all day for the benefit of someone else’s laziness. But today is special. He had to ask the favor of his little brother.
Gabriel hovers by the table but doesn't sit until Sam does. And even then it's directly across from him with a whole table and a lot of sugary things between them. There's a small basket with non-dairy creamer and what looks like a hundred sugar packets. Gabriel swipes a huge handful for his coffee, while Sam settles for two of each. While they're fixing their drinks Gabriel says, "just because I didn't know what would upset you doesn't mean I can't be sorry for doing it. And I am, for the record."
Rufus watches from the corner, and when he’s signed the paper as a witness, he gathers up the folder and gives the mirror a thumbs up.
Castiel stays directly in his field of vision. “Deep breath. We need to go to work. The scene is over. Check your foot and make sure it has enough battery. Then we’ll dress. It’s serious, but the emergency code wasn’t Tier One. We have a moment to redirect.”
He's not one for clubs, but it sure would be nice to go socialize at a bar or something again. Make friends. Not sit alone in his room all the time stewing in his own juices.
Then he turns his brilliant blue eyes down to Dean and undoes the button on his tuxedo pants. “Get me ready. Use your mouth.”
Sam leans towards him. "I wanna kiss and make up now."
Castiel grabs Dean’s left arm in a bruising grip, then swings his left hand up and slaps Dean across the cheek hard. “Focus, boy!” he yells.
"By being a surgeon," Castiel answers simply, though with humor. "It's less of a career, and more of a way of life after a while."
Castiel startles. “Oh, Sam, no, that’s-”
But after they've washed their faces and changed into pajamas, Sam is yawning and bleary-eyed. Dorothy announces bed time, and pulls a protesting Charlie along up the stairs to their bedroom. The rest of them tally up their Scrabble points for who wind the honor of the guest room, Ash clearly having swept the floor with all of them. Garth folds himself into the recliner by the window with a knitted blanket, lightly snoring almost immediately, leaving Gabriel and Sam to spread out a sleeping bag under the fairy lights in the blanket fort.
"Well, if it isn't my Samshine burning bright after midnight!" Gabriel chirps after the third ring. "Can't sleep?"
crazy!" Castiel shouts suddenly. Dean jumps at the sudden outburst. Castiel's eyes immediately soften, lips thinning in guilt. His fists ball in his lap, though. He sounds far too calm when he says, "I apologize. I don't mean to yell. But I can't allow you to say those things about yourself. Nor can I allow you to lash out and assume things about me to protect yourself. It's unfair."
The wedding reception carries on. Dean and Castiel exchange gifts.
Clearly reading his completely obvious discomfort, Castiel does his best to put him at ease by turning the focus to himself. He’s always been really good at that. “I would like to explore both a romantic and sexual relationship with you, Dean,” he says plainly. “To be honest, if it were only sexual attraction, I’d be inclined to not pursue it at all. The risk to our working relationship wouldn’t be worth it. However, feeling how I do...” he knuckles over his heart absently with a distant look.
“W-we need s-s-some exposure therapy or something.” He’s only half joking, but Cain looks pleased.
Hands sliding down his neck to press against his chest, stall him abruptly. "Dean."
Castiel blinks. “Yes, I... well... Dean asked me to kiss him first. And then... I escalated it.”
Jody cracks a small smile.
“I’ll briefly answer questions if you would all be kind enough to step away from the doors and stop blocking hospital traffic. There are sick people and grieving families here.” Sam uses his fame along with a boatload of guilt to push the crowd back towards the parking lot. He continues on his way towards the car, his makeshift bodyguards flanking him like Dean and Castiel do to keep anyone from rushing the sides. The cops that can be spared also follow with their hands up, not shy at all about physically moving people out of the way. Sam thinks to himself that before all of this is over, he’s going to buy the entire Atlanta Police Department a shitload of gift baskets.
Castiel arches an eyebrow. "You don't want to know what she said?"
“That’s the th-thing. It never was w-w-with you.” Dean crawls forward into Castiel’s lap kissing him soundly. He teases Castiel’s bottom lip with his teeth, stoking back up Castiel’s flagged ardor, and he’s helpless but to follow along as Dean’s tongue sweeps into his mouth. It probably lasts for a long time, though it still feels like it’s too soon when Dean pulls back. “Even if it was, I’d’a done it.”
It's only when he got older, and possibly even more so after losing his father, that he can appreciate what they'd all been through. Sure, Sam admits that he would have felt better with a softer touch, but John Winchester had done his best with his marine training and a deep seated desire to honor his wife.
He can see Sam nod out of the corner of his eye. "Sounds good. I'm hungry. Wanna eat?"
“God, I love you,” Dean breathes.
Sam kisses him briefly once more in confirmation and begins to make his way over. He needs to pee, anyway.
Castiel’s blunt finger circles his rim, warming the lube. He slips past the resistance easily, and Dean’s hips buck up to drive him deeper. Castiel’s finger hits his prostate so unerringly that he spasms and his foot locks up completely. “Sh-sh-shit!” he gasps.
Dean’s eyes widen. “What? No! How the hell? Dude, Cain is retiring? How’s that possible? Everyone thought he’d die in the saddle. He said he would!”
Castiel frowns. "There must be
“Yes,” Gabriel answers, refusing to be baited. “Your bro had some good advice for once, and he advised sleep. We should do that. Let’s do that.”
“Getting old ain’t fun,” Dean laments. “Stupid crappy mattress isn’t helping, either.”
The man smiles smally, the crow's feet around his eyes deepening. He holds out his hand. "Dr. Castiel Novak. I'm a trauma surgeon at St. Joseph's."
“Okay,” Dean says loudly. “Let’s gear up!” He bangs his cane on the floor twice and starts to shuffle towards the garage entry. Gradually, the chairs scrape and the rest of them follow Dean out to pile into the car. The studio is only twenty minutes away, and they’re quiet for most of the drive until they’re into downtown.
Castiel swings Dean into a lovely turn, guiding him effortlessly, then yanks him close until they’re flush. Directly into his ear, Castiel growls, “I’ll think about showing you after your punishment.” He expects shock and awe, but what he actually gets is a shit-eating grin.
Dean turns his head, glaring. “What the hell are you talking about?”
With a lusty sigh, Dean explains, "this is my most treasured possession now." It's easy to play keep away with Castiel trying to swipe the phone out of hand since he's had decades of practice with Sam. "You should go to an ENT and have that snoring checked out."
it’s perfect.
Sam looks pained. “It’s Ruby, isn’t it? He’s pissed I got to know her after I told him I didn’t want to play his publicity game, and now he won’t get credit.”
Gabriel goes up on his toes and gathers Sam in a firm hug, patting his back several times and then rubbing vigorously. He’s woefully ill-equipped for this sort of thing, not having been suited to real comfort ever. Comforting people he cares about it is a pretty damn alien concept to him, because he’s rarely cared about anyone. However, to be with Sam Winchester is to be unselfish, and that’s to be out of character for Gabriel. But hot damn, does the huge actor make him want to try.
With a wry smile, Castiel says, “he is. But that doesn’t stop feelings of hostility and inadequacy. I’m sorry, Jack. I can speak with him.”
After a moment of affection petting Baby, Castiel continues. “She was from the best stock we’d ever had at the ranch. Her parents were award-winning competitors. So, on some level I knew what that meant. I knew she’d be sold for a premium. It was the only way. But I fell in love with her, anyway. I raised her and trained her until she was ready to be sold. Bonded with her. When it was time...” he clears his throat, and sounds even more wobbly. “When it was time for her to go to Bobby, I begged my father to let me keep her. But it was impossible. I understood it. I hated it. I didn’t want to feel that way ever again. Constant love and loss... it...”
Gabriel. Gabriel had found her for sure. And she’s likely one of the most noted experts in her field to boot.
“It’s not about that, either. Okay, yeah, maybe a little like that, but not
"You wanna order something or make something?" Dean asks, pausing the movie they're watching. "Maybe we should make something. We've literally been in bed all day."
“That so?” His lovely Texas twang has gone from sexy to dangerous in the blink of an eye. “You looking to sell me a new horse, Cas?”
"It changes
“Do you smell toast?” Castiel cuts in dryly.
"You're not wrong," Sam admits. "Took a few years off, but it was unavoidable."
Castiel opens his mouth to protest, but Dean stops him. “He’s right. M-M-M-Michael is escalating. He’s not as harmless as b-b-before.”
This year.
Castiel rolls his eyes. Normally he’d be severely put off by such abrasive behavior, but for some reason, Meg Masters, RN, soothes him. She’s blunt, honest, inappropriate, yes, but entirely competent, and extremely gentle when taking care of Dean. In fact, Castiel believes that she and Dean would probably get on like a house on fire, given different circumstances. “Avail yourself of my husband as you see fit until my return,” he answers dryly.
It's completely irresistible. He can't think of a single reason why he
Gabriel sways forward, kissing him long, slow, and sensual until Sam's head is swimming with more than a wine cooler cocktail. "Bet your sweet ass." Gabriel punctuates the promise with a smack to Sam's butt before sauntering off to the stage.
good, but this is
“Even so, there’s no real benefit.”
"You're
Castiel shrugs. “I have faith.”
Sam shrugs, for a moment looking a lot bigger, then slumping to look a lot smaller. “For a solid week I thought it was. I mean, it is. If my fame didn’t pan out, we’d both be at square one. But none of it seemed right. Three lawyers didn’t see any vague language or loopholes in that contract. So eventually I thought...” he trails off, hands flailing anemically.
Castiel nods, easily sensing Dean’s mood and allowing him some space. With an extra mild tint to his voice, he says, “I’ll wait for Benny. Help him with the luggage.”
And then he gets a good look at his boyfriend’s face.
Bobby laughs. “Sounds about right.”
~ o ~ x ~ xoXox ~ x ~ o ~
“Yes,” Sam says firmly. “Carry your sidearm if you have to, but you’ll hold the ring and be there to wipe my nose when I cry.”
Brady stands, buttons his suit jacket, and places himself just far enough to the side of the table’s front so as not to block the judge’s view of Castiel.
Dean's smile turns a little bit sad. "Yeah. I know."
“I would think not,” Castiel answers and Dean snickers.
Feeling spoiled yet? I'll bet you are with this many chapters so quickly! I don't know if I can keep up this pace, but for the time being, I'm in a writing frenzy. :D
Startled, Dean laughs outright. "Yeah, okay, fair enough. Then, I guess I owe you a swarthy sea tale."
Unable to blink for following Castiel with his eyes, Dean says, "new drink. Definitely a new drink."
Jody perks up. "How so?"
“You too, Dean,” she grins. Then she hugs Castiel, who always looks confused when receiving open affection. Never ceases to amuse the rest of them. “Okay, let’s get you guys settled. You look tired. The house is great, though! Really quiet, and there’s plenty of space so we won’t step on each other’s toes too much.”
Gabriel shrugs, squeezing Sam's hand. "I won't push about your brother anymore. You've told me it's over the line, and I'll respect that totally. I wasn't asking about him in good faith, anyway. It was for Cassie."
"I can do that."
"Got both in spades," Gabriel answers. "But I don't make a habit of touching and running."
“Got m-m-e by th-th-the short ‘n cu-cu-cu-curlies.”
he needs to take a dig at Gabriel before the end of the day. Sam's only surprised that it hadn't happened sooner. "Got it. Thanks." Finally, with that, he's released and escaping down the long, echoing hallway and into the fresh air.
Man, he'd put those there without using his power. Natural charm and everything. He's still got it, for what it's worth.
Inch by inch, Dean pushes inexorably in. They both hold their breath even though they're trying not to. Castiel sucks in air first, then Dean. It takes a long time, but Dean is an expert. He pulls out a little, adds more lube, moves in again. Short and shallow, a little deeper every time.
If it's true, it
Dean’s pleasure is a sharp point in Castiel’s senses. Absolutely everything he has to give is solely dedicated to chasing it. Dean is
always ask for help when he needs it. Even now, he sometimes only asks because it's too obvious to ignore and he doesn't want me to get mad."
me this way?"
"Dean," Sam says in that voice that always means trouble.
Dean rolls his shoulders. "We're not DEFCON anything, getting that out of the way," he says after a pause. "Sam and I've been making some changes, so I wanted to run them by you."
When they're done scrubbing the pans and loading the dishwasher, Dean takes Castiel's hand, gently tugging him away and towards the stairs. His boyfriend definitely follows willingly enough, but he can physically feel the tension building, as well as Castiel's quickening pulse under his fingers.
“I’m grateful to you for always accepting this expression of my love for you.”
Dean laughs right into Castiel's ear. "Says the dude who wakes up at like, five to work in a coffee shop."
He finishes his food right as he pulls up to campus, taking his coffee with him into the library. Saturday is a slow day for students, so there are plenty of quiet spots to set up. And over the weekend, the small study rooms are first come, first served without a time limit, so Sam takes one on the third floor, shutting the door behind him, leaving the window blinds open. From behind the desk he gets a great view of the rest of the library, and behind him, the campus sprawls out in impressive panorama. The rooms also have separate thermostats, so he can make it as warm as he wants, which is a relief with the winter months bearing down quickly. Bless the small perks of higher education at a private university.
“What’s up brotha?”
be singing, so don’t worry you won’t miss out on his beautiful voice. However, he will not be singing alone!” Ash pauses for dramatic effect, “That’s right, folks! We got a duet for you tonight!”
Until a voice from the back seat interrupts it.
“Yeah, unlikely, old man,” she responds with her usual snark. Normally Dean would scowl and protest the fact that he is really not that old, but the return of Claire’s attitude just brings a smile to his face. Snarky sarcastic teenage girl he can work with.
The giant mess they don’t know about yet will be worth it, if only for the moment when those beautiful blue eyes finally flick up and Dean sees them light up with hope and happiness.
It takes everything in his will power to not cave right there and then. Dean steels himself by closing his eyes and taking a deep breath before glancing back at Cas. “Yeah, I’d rather not. I’m going to go sleep with Benny tonight, don't wait up. And don’t bring Meg back to the villa with the girls there.”
Dean is dying and there is absolutely nowhere to hide. Benny’s boat is big, but it’s not that big. Plus Dean loves watching the ocean move, so he accepts his fate of having his attractive best friend shirtless a few feet away from him and enjoys the view (the ocean, not Cas). The gentle waves are soothing and the color of the water is beautiful. A light blue green mix that sparkles when the sun hits it just right.
Dean waits for him to continue but all Cas does is stare at his now empty cup. With a frustrated huff Dean gets up and grabs the cup from Cas’ hand before heading back to the coffee station. When he returns with a fresh cup made the exact same way he sets it in front of Castiel.
The more Dean thinks about it the more he actually kind of loves the idea. He won’t need to entertain Emma or stick her in front of the TV like he does most days as he finishes up paperwork at the house. Dean can probably get the work done earlier that way and then spend the evening focused fully on his daughter and
“Yes I’m done.”
“Not just coffee Cas. The best damn coffee ever, this stuff is magical.”
“It’s the same coffee. Carol gets it from a local shop that roast their own beans right in house,” Dean explains with so much passion that it takes Castiel by surprise.
“Claire. I can’t find her anywhere!” Cas’ voice raises in his panic and Dean remembers the last time Claire went missing. Except that time she went to Dean and this time Dean hasn’t seen her all day. “Is she with you?”
“The week after, I believe. I won’t need her help until we have everything cleared and a better idea of the damage done. She has an eye for layouts that I was never able to master, so she should be a huge help,” Cas explains and something about the way he says it has Dean on edge. Cas and Meg became fast friends when he started working at the engineering firm. Meg is a local architect that took a liking to Castiel and calls him Clarence or whatever, Dean doesn’t really care. What he does care about is how Meg is literally a she-demon and he’s worried about his friend. So far everything has been fine, but Dean doesn’t trust her one bit.
That train of thought is gut wrenching and Dean quickly shoos it away to be dealt with at a later date. A much much later date. For now he will enjoy the time he has. His sweet blonde haired princess with the biggest green eyes that light up when she smiles. The little girl is his whole world and he can’t even imagine what his life would be like if he didn't have her with him, despite the story behind it.
“Yeah you’re probably right,” Cas nods before freezing. He looks up at Dean through narrowed eyes. “How do you know what I am writing my article about?”
“It ain't a problem, we’re just excited to see this place restored to its former beauty,” Cesar adds. Dean smiles, hoping they can do it justice and not disappoint the local island folks.
“What!?” Dean and Castiel both exclaim looking between each other and Charlie.
Everyone in their lives encouraged him to take this chance though. Bobby said he would cover anything required with the office side of the business and Benny already planned on taking over that week since Cas had talked to him ahead of time. Even Dean’s own brother, Sam, told him to go on this trip or he wouldn’t bring his daughter the next time he visited. Sam knows how much Dean loves his niece and would do nothing to jeopardize the limited time he gets with her. Dean also knows Sam would never actually follow through on that threat, but no need to risk it.
Dean wants to say. Instead he just nods his head once and says, “Okay.”
“Your family?” Cas asks confused. “What kind of family?”
“I didn’t know you guys were here until an hour ago, so this is all his fault!” Cas exclaims pointing at Dean.
To Dean’s surprise, Castiel actually kneels down to be eye level with the student, “Yes?”
Dean hangs up the phone and slips it back into his pocket before bringing both arms around Claire. He squeezes tight, not ready to let her go quite yet. There’s no way for him to understand the panic Castiel just went through. Dean would have gone absolutely crazy if Emma was the one that went missing and no one had seen or heard from her. He's not sure how long he and Claire stand there but eventually she starts to pull away.
“Thank God,” Dean breathes out while standing. His knees pop and he groans as he stretches out. The tutu comes off immediately and the tiara soon follows. Getting the glitter off is a lost cause at the moment so Dean chooses to pretend it's not there. When he reaches the kitchen the girls give him twin pouts which he promptly ignores knowing he will cave if he takes one look at them.
“But what if Chris is really…” Cas trails off and Dean can tell this is hard for him to say. “Santa Claus?”
“Of course he does, maybe he will keep his for a couple decades like you did!” Castiel teases before turning around and walking out the store. He hears Dean huff a laugh behind him and feels the man fall into step next to him. Castiel tries to hide his smile, but gives up after a few seconds. He’s happy, like truly happy, for the first time in a long time and he’s going to relish that for as long as he can.
Dean makes sure he has his keys and everything else with him before walking to his truck. Claire follows behind and gets into the passenger seat without a word. The silence fills the car, not awkward by any means but it is strained. Suddenly an idea pops into Dean’s head and he starts the truck with a small smile on his face. Fifteen minutes later he pulls into the parking lot and finds a spot before turning to look at Claire with a giant smile on his face.
Dean finds himself sitting out in the sand in front of the villa, watching the waves once again. He’s hoping that the continuous movement of the water will help settle him a bit before the day really starts. The sun is just starting to rise behind him, hitting the water with a splash of bright color. He sits quietly for a while, just observing the world around him and wishing he had some coffee to help wake him up. As if summoned, by some miracle, a fresh mug of coffee appears in front of his face. Shocked, Dean looks up to find a bleary eyed Cas holding two mugs and looking at him expectantly. With slightly shaky hands Dean reaches up for his mug and brings it to his face, breathing in the delicious aroma with a content hum. Cas sits down beside him, so that their shoulders brush when one takes a sip of their coffee.
“I’ve never seen it, not really a fan,” Claire says, shrugging as if it's not a big deal. It's a huge freaking deal! How on Earth has this girl gone her whole life without seeing Caddyshack? Actually when he thinks about it and realizes that Cas is her father it makes complete sense. Dean swears that man has never seen a movie in his life. Of course that all changed when the two of them met and became friends. Now whenever the two of them hang out at the house Dean makes sure to educate him in all things movies.
“Merry Christmas, Dean,” Cas replies with a soft smile.
“Well, I’m also gay, so that would be very hypocritical of me to judge you for who you’re attracted to,” Dean states simply.
The two of them fall into an easy rhythm. It's clear that Cas spends at least some time in the kitchen like Dean. The way he easily cracks the eggs with one hand is pretty impressive and Dean will have to have Cas teach him that trick sometime. While Cas is mixing in the flour Dean takes the opportunity to flick some flour from the bowl into his face. The resulting murderous glare is completely ruined by the splattering of flour in his hair and on his face. Dean bursts into quiet laughter, mindful of the other sleeping guests still, and clutches at his stomach when it starts to hurt. Cas’ lips start to twitch and it only takes a couple more seconds until he too is laughing.
“Really?” Dean exclaims a bit too enthusiastically. “I mean, great that sounds great.”
Ketch’s words cut Cas deep. He loves it here and he was really enjoying dancing with Dean. But Ketch is offering him everything he has ever wanted. A big family Christmas holiday celebration. He knows Dean will be going to spend the day with his family and Cas will stay at the inn where he would be alone so really going with Ketch would be the best option. They’ve made their relationship work before and if what Ketch is saying is really true that he does want to give them another chance then who is Castiel to deny that?
“Yeah, no that’s not happening. You asked me to go to this bar with you, so we are going to go. I’m only in town for this weekend and the next time I’ll see you is Christmas, so let's make the most of this.”
“Upset, right… That's rich Castiel.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Fuckkkk,” Dean curses through gritted teeth as he tries to navigate the blanket of white in front of him. He should just be thankful he thought ahead and took his truck instead of the Impala this morning. As much as he loves his Baby, that car is not meant for the snowy winters they tend to have. The roads haven’t been plowed yet so Dean does his best to follow the tracks in front of him from previous cars. He’s already running late but there is no way he is risking his, or other people’s, lives by speeding on the icy roads. The school will hold Emma for the few extra minutes it takes him to get there.
Dean still can’t believe he is actually on this trip. When Cas had invited him and Emma to join him and Claire, Dean was incredibly confused why he wasn’t going with his wife, Amelia. Cas explained that Amelia’s parents are actually the one who paid for the lodging and plane tickets for Cas. There were four tickets available. Two for Cas and Claire and then the other two for Dean and Emma. Cas’ in-laws told Cas that he needs a break, which Dean fully agrees with, and to go enjoy a vacation with his daughter and their best friends.
“Ears!” Dean exclaims with a full body laugh. Cas stands there frozen watching the man in front of him. The laugh is one of the sweetest sounds he has ever heard. It’s so genuine and carefree. Plus the way that Dean’s eyes squint and the smile is so big. Damn, how can he be so freaking adorable and annoying at the same time? “Aw come on man! I thought you’d like that one. You know cause you love bees so much!”
“When you were born your parents were young and not completely prepared to welcome a child into their lives. They both were in college and you weren’t even supposed to be an idea until five years down the road. Cas took charge though. He proposed to your mother and they got married six months later. Two more after that you were born. Cas told me it was the happiest day of his life when you popped into this world.”
“You have me!”
“The fighting. Dean said you guys were fighting last night and I panicked so I ran. I can’t go through this again and this time would be much worse,” Claire explains, flicking her eyes back and forth between them.
“What?”
“Surprise!” Dean exclaims before pulling his brother in for a hug. Sam’s arms automatically wrap around him in response and Castiel can see the tension leaving both brothers shoulders. It's clear the amount of love between them and it brings a smile to Cas’ face. When the brothers pull apart Sam turns his attention to Castiel, surprise clear in his eyes.
“Castiel,” he states before turning right back around and walking away.
“We didn’t know what you two would want to do, which is why we brought it up now,” Cas replies, still watching them with his head tilted. Dean can’t help a soft smile forming on his lips when he glances at his friend. It’s not his fault Cas is so damn adorable when he tilts his head like that.
“Is it possible to get two separate rooms?” Castiel asks, refusing to look at Dean. Mr. and Mrs. Winters share a look causing Castiel’s stomach to drop.
“We call the twins!” Emma calls before gripping Claire’s wrist and dragging her through to the other bedroom. They have twin smiles on their faces that Dean doesn’t trust one bit. It doesn’t quite compute what she means until Dean turns back to Cas to find him shuffling his feet nervously.
“Cas, look at me,” Dean gently says moving his hand to Cas’ chin tilting it up slightly so their eyes meet. “I don’t give a crap about my job right now okay? You’re still a freaking amazing writer Castiel and I promise you Charlie would not let Roman fire you because of one stupid article. You’re too valuable for that to happen. Trust me, you are the best writer Roman Magazines has.”
“That bath seems a little irr-elephant now doesn’t it?” The teacher says to the zoo keeper nudging him with his elbow.
“You want to go first?” Cas asks.
Gabe leads them over to a booth in the corner. Sam slides in and Dean sits down next to him with Cas directly across from him.
Cas turns so his back is pressed to Dean’s chest, mirroring the position they were in when Cas first found Dean. They watch the people moving about, going in and out of the hotel and their villas. Everyone has a smile on their face, kids and adults alike. Guests are relaxing by the pool, enjoying the warm sandy beach, or splashing in the ocean waves. Dean smiles at everyone that walks by them and welcomes them to the island.
Castiel gives him a grateful smile and Dean can see some of the tension drain from the man’s body. They quickly exchange numbers and thank Jody for her time before ushering the girls outside. Dean had almost forgotten about the weather during their time inside, but the blast of icy air is a harsh reminder of why he was late himself. The roads are a blanket of white with tire tracks and footprints zig-zagging around with more snow gently falling from the sky.
“Are you the Winchester-Novaks?” the one with hair asks. Winchester-Novaks? Dean can admit to himself he really likes the way that sounds to his ears.
“I’m good! I was on a boat!” she exclaims, smiling widely.
“I would love to,” Cas says with a bright smile. Dean returns the smile and relaxes immediately. This is just Cas. He can do this. Dean offers his arm and Cas happily accepts with a light laugh that makes Dean feel like he's floating on air. Together they walk into what has transformed into a beautiful ballroom with a live band playing in the corner. They join the other couples dancing around the room and Dean leads them into a simple waltz. He pulls Cas close wanting to feel the other man and Cas goes willingly bringing his hand to Dean's shoulder. Dean wraps an arm around Cas’ waist resting his hand on the small of his back while their other hands are clasped together.
“Yeah, I’m fine as long as there is no turbulence.”
“Awesome,” Dean leans in and gives Cas a soft kiss before pulling back. “Oh, you forgot your coffee on the counter this morning, so I thought I would bring it to you at the start of the tour, but then I got too excited to annoy you all day and forgot it on the bus. It’s probably not good anymore huh?”
“Complementary pajamas Cas! And let me tell you, they are the most comfy things I have ever had. It’s like I’m wearing nothing when really I am!” Dean replies with one of his winning smiles.
Cas chuckles at his friend. Ruby and Meg have had a friends with benefits type of situation going on for the last few months or so, but lately they’ve both been really busy. With it being towards the end of the school year Meg has been busier than normal and Ruby has been busy doing whatever it is she does. Cas never got a clear answer on what she actually does for a living and it has gotten to the point where he really really doesn’t want to know.
The singer has the most beautiful pink tint on his cheeks which amazes Cas. The fact that this beautiful man in front of him could even be slightly embarrassed about being in front of a small bar crowd to sing karaoke. Suddenly the music starts and shakes both men out of their staring contest. Cas recognizes the song instantly, even though it’s not the one he selected originally. He takes a deep breath and just hopes Dean will take the lead.
It's the first day of school. His little girl is growing up so fast he can't even believe it. This isn’t the first time he has had to drop his daughter off on her first day of school. He has done this four times already so you would think the fifth time would be easier. Well Dean can honestly say it is definitely not any easier.
With a heavy sigh Dean starts to inch his way out from underneath Cas, trying his best to not wake the other man. After what seems like an hour, but was only probably a few minutes, Dean succeeds and makes his way to the bathroom to get ready for the day. When he comes back out Cas is still asleep with his face smushed into the pillow Dean was using. The sight is adorable and Dean can’t help but take a picture. He knows it's a little weird and really creepy but damn he wants to remember this for a really long time. If all goes according to his plan then maybe he could have this more often too.
“Your family?” Cas asks now in disbelief. “We have been here for almost a week now and you didn't even think about mentioning that your family lives close by?”
for the amazing prompt that I fell in love with and inspired this story! Hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it :)
Dean recovers first and answers, “Um, no. Cas and I work together in New York and got sent on this trip together.”
It’s happening, they're really going to do it. All their hard work is finally going to pay off.
“What do you think this is?” Dean asks holding up his to go cup.
“Oh don’t worry about that! Carol found a couple of my old suits for the two of you. They should be up in your room and tailored to fit you as well,” Chris explains happily. Relief floods Dean until he starts to wonder what Carol managed to find for them. Knowing Chris and his normal wardrobe choices, the suits are probably a bright red. Red is really not Dean's color unless it’s a darker shade like his favorite over shirt. He’s been told he looks very sexy whenever he wears it and starts to wonder what Cas would think. Dean really should’ve packed that shirt for this trip! Then again he had no idea he would go and fall in love with Cas and want to impress him every second of the day.
He hopes she doesn’t realize that what he feels for Cas is so far past just a crush.
“Looked pretty intense too,” Dean mumbles. He doesn't want to picture the way his best friend had Meg pinned against the wall with her arms wrapped tightly around his neck.
“Charlie, how did this happen?” he asks in disbelief.
Some much needed bonding time with the amazing SPN women.
Or at least they didn’t like each other.
Without wasting another moment Dean pulls out his laptop and sits down at the small desk in the room. He checks his email and is shocked to see one from Cas with his unfinished article. Dean quickly scans through the doc and finds all of the research and facts he needs to complete his goal. There's a lot of work in front of him and not much time so Dean puts his head down and starts writing.
“Do we really need her here?” Dean asks petulantly.
“What is wrong with you?” He asks.
“It’s just Jody please,” Mrs. Mills smiles kindly at them both. “It’s not a big problem Castiel, as long as you don't make a habit of being late then we don’t mind staying a little longer with the kids.”
“You two ready for your first playdate?” he asks with a big smile. Twin cheers come from the girls and he turns his attention back to the road. There is precious cargo in his back seat, more than normal, and he has to make sure they get to the house safely.
“Morning,” Cas grumbles. Dean chuckles but quickly tries to cover it with a cough when Castiel sends him a look like he would smiteh him right then and there if he could.
“Fine, let's just go.”
Cas comes back into the main room, turning the lights off and quickly sliding under the covers. He then plasters himself to Dean's side with his arm thrown over Dean's waist and his head resting on Dean's chest. Shocked, Dean stops breathing, not sure what he’s supposed to do. Cas snuggles closer though so Dean wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders, bringing him close and pressing a soft kiss to the top of his head. He has no idea what brought on the sudden cuddle session but he’s definitely not complaining. If Cas needs a little comfort then who is Dean to deny him that?
Alright quick summary!
“A gummy bear!” He exclaims as he takes out a handful of mini gummy bear packs from his pocket. The kids make sounds of excitement and crowd around him wanting the sugary treats. Once all of the kids have their packet they watch the bears hanging around the exhibit. Dean finds himself drawn to the blue-eyed zookeeper and realizes they haven’t really talked much yet. He wanders over to stand shoulder to shoulder with the man, but finds himself unable to speak. Nothing comes to mind of what to say to the man and Dean is never one to not have words. In the past, he has always been able to turn on the charm whether he was talking to a man or woman. Cas here seems to render him speechless though.
Dean nods and turns back to where Meg is standing in the hall a few doors down. It surprises Dean to see actual worry and concern on the small woman’s face. Her dark eyes flash up to meet his own and he knows she heard everything. “Meg, can you tell the others to keep an eye out for Claire? Tell them to keep working but just to stay on the lookout for her.”
Cas tells him how hard it was to study all of the different subjects without a formal education, but after a year he was able to take the test and passed! With his connections at the firm his friend worked at he was able to get a starting job and get to work. Cas found it more fulfilling doing that side of the project than he ever did while being an architect. He tells Dean that in a year he can take the next exam to officially become a professional engineer.
“No I need to do this, thank you though,” Dean shoots him a grateful look. Castiel nods and they sit in silence with soft Christmas music surrounding them for the rest of the drive. When they stop in front of a modest two-story home Castiel turns back to Dean.
Both girls nod and then turn their attention to the outside world in search of something that starts with the letter A. Dean shoots Cas a grateful look which he responds to with a small smile. The rest of the ride passes easily with one of the girls (or Cas) shouting out their findings every now and then. They get stuck on W for a while, but when Dean pulls up to the campground and spies the lake a smile makes its way to his face.
Castiel shrugs in response, “Sounds good to me.”
Just then movement in the aisle draws their attention and a young girl around the age of six and missing one of her front teeth is looking at him with a big smile, “Thanks for sharing your chocolate with me mister.”
“Yeah, alright,” there is a heavy sigh from the other end of the line causing guilt to settle heavy in Dean’s stomach. “I guess we will see you for New Year’s then.”
“What can I get for ya today, Cas?” She asks.
Dean and Cas spend the time playing with Mary in the small pond off to the side. Watching Cas play with his four year old niece just does something to Dean. He has always known Cas is good with kids. Cas has always been great with both Claire and Emma. Dean wishes he could’ve seen Cas with Claire when she was a toddler. He bets Claire had him wrapped around her little finger and Cas could never deny the little girl anything with those big blue eyes of hers. It's easy to imagine with Mary’s little blonde curls and Cas’ big gummy smile.
He shifts his gaze a little to the left and can see Claire staring out the window watching the trees fly by. She hasn’t said a single word this whole trip. Emma has talked non stop about anything and everything, but Claire has just sat there quietly. Observing the world around her. She is a lot like her father in that way. They both like to watch the world around them and are perfectly content to sit in silence for hours on end. Whereas Dean and Emma can’t stand the quiet for too long and always need to fill the empty air with something. Dean prefers music and Emma prefers her own voice.
-- -- --
Castiel isn’t sure how to respond mostly because he has no idea what an idjit is. Luckily Dean laughs and pats the older man on the shoulder. “It's good to see you too Bobby.”
“Why do you think that?” Dean asks cautiously. He knows he has to be very careful with his words moving forward, knowing one thing said the wrong way will cause Claire to completely shut down.
With his thoughts running wild about a future with a guy he’s not even with, Castiel is incredibly grateful when a beautiful young woman walks around the corner to see what's going on.
“I see. As I was saying, we are in the middle of our most popular season. Unfortunately, our numbers are down this year. I am expecting the best work on this next issue. Which shouldn't be an issue, as jobs are on the line if our expectations are not met.”
It takes the rest of the year to plan everything for the big move. Dean had no idea the amount of work that has to go in when dealing with the whole process. The amount of permits and tests and licenses that are needed to renovate the hotel on the island is insane. Castiel is determined though and Dean is willing to do anything in his power to help, so they get it done. Cas passes all of his necessary tests and gets all of the licences he needs to be the designer and engineer on the project. Dean makes sure he will have all of the needed tools and crew members to get all of the work done.
Dean does one last headcount then gives Cas the ok signal, “All here, lead the way Captain.”
“So much for that,” Claire mutters under her breath. It shocks Dean enough that a chuckle escapes.
“You mentioned food?” he asks their appointed tour guides.
A shorter chapter for y'all this time, next one will be posted in a few days (Wednesday hopefully)!! I am so close to having the final chapter finished, I keep adding on so it kinda keeps growing... But it will be finished I promise!!
It’s not until the tenth hole when he finally gets his first hole in one.
“Does anyone know any fun facts about lions that they would like to share with the rest of the group?” Castiel knows the lions tend to be the most popular due to how recognizable they are in movies and such that kids tend to know something about them.
“You said you were going to make something?”
She takes in where they are before shooting Dean a disbelieving glare. “Mini golf? Really?”
“Hey Becky, it's Dean Winchester.”
Cas is the type of person that personally blames himself for problems that don't even involve him. A couple years back Cas first found out about what happened to Lydia when, on the anniversary of the accident, he asked if Dean could do him a favor. When Dean explained that he was going to the cemetery with Emma to see her mom, Castiel apologized immediately. The man blamed himself for weeks after, without Dean’s knowledge, for not knowing sooner and being more considerate. It took Dean practically yelling at him that he did nothing wrong for the man to relent.
“Aw Cas man don’t be like that! It happens to everyone,” Dean tries to be comforting and reassuring but he’s still laughing so the effect is ruined. He does reach a hand out to help Castiel up though. Castiel, still being butthurt (literally), decides to have some fun and pulls Dean down to the ice with him. Luckily Dean just continues laughing which causes Castiel to laugh and he can’t even remember the last time he genuinely laughed at something.
Dean thinks back to the day he agreed to go along with Cas’ spontaneous idea. Looking back he wishes he would’ve asked more questions, including if his friend was thinking clearly. There isn’t a single part of Dean that regrets saying okay though. Even if Cas is going through a midlife crisis Dean will always be there to support him. It's months later when Dean finally stops asking Cas if he's sure he wants to go through with this. Cas gives the same answer every time, he has never been more sure about anything in his life.
When he reaches the room all the lights are off and Dean is passed out in the bed. Castiel looks at a clock for the first time since dinner and sees it's almost midnight. Resigned to talk to Dean about the picture tomorrow Cas gets ready for bed and crawls in next to Dean. If he leaves less space between them then he did the night before its just because it's colder and Dean is really warm.
“Dean, come on, that's not fair,” Cas protests.
“I’m sorry, but who are you?” Dean demands, getting tired of not knowing what's going on and how these two strangers know them.
“Oh, come on now Cas, I’ve told you before you can call me Dean!” He says with a wink, “That is unless the kids are listening, then it’s Mr. Dean!”
Cas is working on his second Cosmic Cowboy beer when there’s a slight commotion towards the entrance. There’s too many people to see what’s going on, but knowing Ellen, it’ll be taken care of pretty quickly. No one messes around in her bar and gets away with it. Sure enough he can just barely make out Ellen storming to the door with an angry expression on her face. Cas chuckles a little and feels slightly bad for the person having to face that look directed full force on them.
Those words, though, stop Dean in his tracks. The sounds of morning traffic in New York City should be blaring outside his apartment window, but his own heartbeat drowns it out. He should have known this is what the random call would be about. Somehow, by some miracle, he has managed to avoid all mentions of Christmas with his family the last month or so and he was hoping to keep it that way. Dean has thrown himself into his work more than ever to give plausible excuses to his brother when the topic comes up. With a heavy sigh, he puts the phone on speaker as he reaches for his leather jacket hanging on the back of his chair.
“Where are you going? The party is just starting,” Cas asks curiously.
“It really was just a kiss. Like I said, it didn’t mean anything,” Cas says, his voice also steeled and void of any emotion.
“Hey kiddos, I have a joke for you all, it's pretty bad though so bear with me,” Dean says enthusiastically with a lot of emphasis on the word bear. A few of the kids giggle at the pun, so Dean continues. “What do you call a bear with no teeth?”
“No, it's ok. I like it,” Castiel says with a small upward twitch of his lips. “No one has really given me a nickname before, or more accurately one that I actually like.”
Since he’s already gone this far, he might as well play the part. Dean curls up on his side, facing away from Cas, leaving as much room between them as possible. Cas doesn’t say a word and continues to read his book. Dean tries his best to relax his body and let sleep overcome him but knowing Cas is only a few feet away has him on edge. It's not until Cas turns off the light, succumbing the room to darkness, and slides down under the covers that Dean is able to breathe a little easier.
Words fail Dean again. He is too shocked to even breathe, processing everything Cas just told him. Cas loves him. Has loved him for years. Just like how Dean has loved Cas for years. They can be together. They can be happy together and in love. Dean just has to say something. Anything.
No. Dean shakes his head again.
Dean reaches the room and slams the door behind him. With a silent apology to the door he leans against it and slides down until he's sitting on the floor. Pulling one knee towards his chest and the other leg splayed out he rests his head in his hands. He has no idea what causes him to open up to Cas about his mom. Dean doesn’t talk to anyone about his mom, that's just something he never brings up. Something about Cas though made him want to. Which is crazy! They don't even know each other! And he's pretty sure Cas hates him. Or did…
“Sam, this is Castiel. Cas, this is Sammy,” Dean introduces the two.
“Just for you sugar,” he winks, causing her to laugh and Sam to roll his eyes. A worker catches Dean's eye and motions him over to sign for the shipment of stuff that came on the boat along with his family. With everything squared away and loaded up, Dean walks back over to his family. “Alright, you guys ready to go? The crew will be waiting for us by the time we get there.”
“We’re the only town in the whole world with the name of Santa Claus. The post office gets thousands of letters each year and no one knew what to do with them so I offered to take them,” Chris explains. He holds out a letter to Dean. “Here, read one.”
Dean shakes his head, dread settling heavy in his stomach.
“IT'S IN THE HOLE! It’s in the hole!” he exclaims, laughing. When he notices Claire just staring at him, confused, he pauses his celebration. “Bill Murray?”
“Cas, seriously, I don't mind at all.” Dean hesitates a moment before asking his next question. “Are you okay?”
“I’d have to agree,” Cas replies. “I really think this will all be worth it.”
This time of the year you should be surrounded by the people you love. Trading stories and sharing laughs around the fire while drinking hot chocolate. A big giant feast with all kinds of homemade delicious treats. It should be a time to celebrate, not just an excuse to get the family together.
Cas mumbles something unintelligible, refusing to look up from the ground. Dean releases a heavy sigh and turns around, frustrated. He gets Cas is scared, hell Dean is scared too! He has seen Claire as a second daughter for years now. He loves that sassy blonde as if she was his own. What he doesn’t understand is why Cas looks like he has given up. Dean knows Cas would never give up on Claire so that just means Cas has given up on something else. Dean doesn't believe in any higher power but he prays like hell Cas isn’t giving up on him.
Dean interrupts with a snort. “Of course this is Meg’s doing. I should have fucking known this would all come back to Meg.”
“Help me fix it up?” Cas replies with his voice going up at the end, seeming unsure if Dean will support him. As if Dean could deny him anything he ever asks for. Dean stares at his best friend, taking in the dark messy hair that Cas has probably been running his fingers through all day while working up the nerve to ask. He can see Cas wringing his hands together, still shifting his weight from foot to foot. The biggest tell, though, is Cas refusing to make eye contact with Dean.
Dean feels his whole face flush and has to look away. He tries to play it cool while mocking her under his breath, which just causes Claire to burst out laughing. The sound brings a smile to Dean’s face and his embarrassment is all worth it.
More protests fill the air as Charlie trails off. Everyone is talking over each other trying to prove that they deserve their jobs more than their neighbor.
“One coffee with two sugars!” Dean presents sitting back down in his seat. He watches Cas eagerly waiting to see his reaction. When Cas just starts chugging the drink down without appreciating any of the flavor Dean stares at him in disgust.
“Dean?”
“Now these bears are known as sun bears. They’re new to the zoo this year and are incredibly rare. They also happen to be the smallest species of bears in the world. Despite their small size they have extremely long tongues, which allows them to get the honey they enjoy so much from the bee nests.”
“I’m going to write an article about saving the inn!” Castiel smiles and gets a small smile in return. “Is there any information you have about why they are tearing this place down and what would be needed to stop that process?”
They reach the island around noon which gives them some time to take in everything with fresh eyes. The last time they were here the hotel was just a cool landmark they had stumbled upon and nothing more. Now it is a project, and a big one at that. Dean doesn’t remember the place being this big, but the closer they get the more nervous he becomes. What have they gotten themselves into?
“Are you afraid of flying?” Castiel’s gravely voice sounds from next to him.
“Hey sleeping beauty, we're back,” he says quietly. Castiel looks around and sure enough they are back at the inn. The sky is considerably darker now than it was when they left Sam’s and Cas wonders what time it is. “We can still make it in time for dinner if you hurry.”
“Yeah, yeah okay. I’ll make sure she gets home safely,” Dean sighs.
“Sure,” he replies, climbing out of the sleigh. Dean offers a hand to help him down and to his great joy Cas accepts. Their hands clasped together as Cas steps down and they're about to exit when Chris pulls their attention back.
“I met you and all these feelings that I hadn’t felt in years came rushing back. Except this time they were stronger. So much stronger. And the worst part was I could do nothing about them! I was trapped in a loveless relationship with nowhere to go for years. And finally when I was freed from that I thought maybe now something could happen! But it never did. It’s been over a year now and nothing has changed. Meg was interested and I said why the hell not. The minute she kissed me though I knew it wasn’t right. I tried so hard to make it right because I wanted to be wanted so badly. But she’s not the person I want to be wanted by.” Cas’ voice gets quieter with each word until he is almost whispering.
Dean struggled hard through his mind to remember the date in his vessel's document. 'Twenty-seven' he said but he wasn't completely sure, though.
eyes of yours and bring me what I asked for’.
‘Ogling your dick, again?’ Cas chuckled at Dean’s morning rite. ‘After all those years?’
Chicago was a city of various sounds: din, brattle, riddle, grumble, clutter, rumble, and importunate street music, so untalented it almost made you pay to stop that hideous thing. James decided that he heard some of street sounds first because he was not used to hear thunder in the middle of November. Then, he realized that it was highly unlikely to hear any car accident or thudding of a lorry on his 42nd floor, and finally understood what it was.
‘Shut up, I like it’.
‘For the fuck sake!’ He grunted through his teeth, and James did almost the same.
Being a crafty social bitch, James had conversations about children really often: it was a common soft spot of young parents who hadn’t have a chance to spoil relationships with their offspring yet. But sometimes, especially when it was coming to a little-sons-related small talk, he felt some vague uneasiness. His intricate psycho literature tended to think that he probably had had a very bed episode in his childhood and that was the reason why he sometimes felt uncomfortable speaking about kids of the same gender and age; but James had never had a wish to discuss that with a professional. It wasn’t that important, in the end.
‘May I buy you a drink?’ A deep voice asked next to his ear. Its owner was handsome and radiated sinful vibes. Dean needn't to be a demon to feel it.
‘To come here and protect you’.
'Home' Dean snorted. 'It's not a fucking wedding trip. I have to fix Baby'.
‘Jo, my wingwoman. I'm kinda new in town’ he admitted with an embarrassed look. It hit Castiel instantly and he grinned.
Under average size, sweaty smell, slightly sour taste. It was nothing to remember, nothing Dean hadn’t seen or tasted before.
The latest thing Dean said was addressed to Cas and his hesitating hand, and Cas happily obliged.
He did as she told. He behaved well at the session with the therapist: answered her questions and was bitchy enough for her not to suspect anything. He went back to his ward then, collected his belongings and put them into the pillowcase. Dean was not allowed to have his duffle bag with him, and Meg, that girl, said that she couldn’t risk and ‘drag his purse through the entire clinic to him to feel pretty’.
Dean stepped forward, not knowing if he could extend his hand for a handshake. He had never greeted rich people except Gabriel, but Gabriel did it first and there was no awkwardness in the air.
Dean was tired as hell after his long shift at Roadhouse and only three and a half hours of sleep. At one moment he was fixing an old Mustang, and the next moment he was lying on the couch in his boss’ office surrounded by alarmed colleagues. He was told that he fainted after he bent to have a look at what was under the hood of the car. It was pure luck that he didn’t fall on the hot engine with his face.
He went upstairs, lock the door of his room, put on the most feminine piece of clothes he had – a teddy – and fished out a bottle of Jack from the bottom drawer. He opened the bottle and sucked onto the neck, feeling the whiskey burning smooth flames all along his throat.
James gave him a grumpy look. Dean kept going with a small talk.
Dean felt like desperation was filling him to the top. The man from his dream was his last chance to run from this travelling circus they called his life, and that man didn’t want to see him. Well, but he wouldn’t real Dean Winchester if he hadn’t try all he could.
‘I don’t want to talk ‘bout it’. Dean answered wryly.
‘I’m not a worm-catcher’.
‘You don’t remember? Wait, I’ll show you…’ Winchester tugged the collar of his own tee aside and showed his bare shoulder. He had a stain on it that looked like a burn. James looked closer and realized that the burn had a perfect shape of a palm.
'From the pool of sorrow I'm drowning into right now' Cas' smirked, and Dean figured that it was a joke. Fuck it, he thought, Cas was cool.
‘I bet you’re a good cocksucker, Debbie’ the cop smirked. ‘Are you?’
After viscous seconds of dry silence Cas forced out:
‘We have five more minutes and one person to wait for. So, how do you find it here in Chicago?’
‘I… I… I’m sorry’ Dean stammered. ‘I didn’t know that you are…’
‘Gabe, your reminiscence is misfit. A reference to
Officer Novak came right on time to save his damsel in distress.
‘I swear, Dean’ Cas tried with the last he had. ‘I don’t lie. I know everything about you. You mother used to sing ‘Hey, Jude’ to you instead of a common lullaby. Your house was on fire when you were four, and you ran for your life with little Sammy in your hands. And that silly figurine of a chubby angel that you mom put on the shelf above your crib? You hated it, remember? But you mom said that angels watched you, and here I am. The angel who should have been watching you without taking my eyes out of your path’.
‘Whataya waitin’ for’ Dean growled, squeezing his eyes tight and gripping Castiel’s hair. ‘Fuck me, fuck my hole’.
He gave her his business card with one hundred dollars bank note that was obviously peeking up.
The room was dimly lit, and mix of old black fake leather with the morning sunlight made everything around him look maroon. Dean stretched his legs across the glass tabletop and dragged on a cig.
It sent him a spark. Gay sex was a first class sin.
‘Put it on’ she demanded. ‘Or you’re not going anywhere’.
Dean frowned at her, and then made a tell-me-about-it face. He was about to burst in laughing.
‘Three’ the poor guy smiled.
Dean really wanted to lose all his senses in vigorous cleaning, but he had to take shelter in his shitty bathroom to jerk off, thinking about Cas ordering him to get on all forth and using his ass like it was his property.
‘I’d love to show you but we’ll be late’ Dean said, and after Cas’ questioning look, continued ‘Family thing, you know. Greeting Sam’s great-grandson. He died at 130. Jeez!’
‘It’s some godforsaken place in Illinois, Dorothy. I can’t just go there and leave everything, my life, my friends…’
Cas shook his head.
Sam hurried away. He couldn’t remember himself such an acrimonious piece of shit, but he didn’t care.
But Dean had to stop himself. First, Castiel was his employer. And second, he was a rich bitch with presumably unbearable personality. And yes, Dean wasn’t supposed to give his unbearable employer nicknames, even just in his thoughts.
talking about
‘A porn-inspired plot twist again?’
Cas was silent. Dean could see in his eyes that the truth was too terrible to tell. At least, Cas though so.
‘I can hear you suffering, man’ James finally said. ‘Sit down. Stay here till the rain ends’.
‘Mr. Winchester?’
It was strong and hard. James became wet to the bone immediately. He felt cold rivulets running down his face and leaking under the collar of his shirt. He ran for his life to the closest diner, and took his wind only on at the table next to the window.
‘My name is James Novak, and I have no fucking idea why I’m here. I hope you tell me’.
Dean wouldn't mind being a girl if he was allowed to keep his demonic powers. He observed the upper world and noticed that people developed an odd habit to decry women. It expressed in whimsical ways. For instance, some people thought that a drank woman on the dark alley was fishing for unwanted sex while a drank man wasn't. Dean preferred to avoid battles he could lose and becoming a man was a provident move.
'Are you religious?' He asked all of a sudden. Cas gave him a scrutinizing look.
‘I scare you’ Winchester said, looking at James apparently aghast face. ‘They made you forget, didn’t they?’
‘When was the last time you slept?’
But it was him, no doubt. The guy who saved him that day in 9/11.
Dean didn’t trust the girl from the clinic but he becalmed himself thinking that it would be such a farfetched trick for the doctor to make it up to challenge his sanity. He was not going to rely on the girl still. She was ok as an evacuation plan, not as a fire-fighting suit.
Sun was shining relentlessly right in his eyes. Dean woke up reluctantly and yawned with a loud moan. His voice was low and hoarse from the sleep.
‘Sorry for the guy, he’s new here’ the man said softly as Dean pulled out cash to pay. ‘I know how it’s hard to buy a right thing if you know nothing about it, lady. My daughter used to help me, too, and she said it’s a real challenge’.
Jo had a poky little apartment which looked really poor. Dean decided he could throw a little gluttony party in there and ordered Chinese. Jo was kind of scared though she did her best to hide it, and when Dean asked what was wrong, she faltered out:
Dean almost smiled at the thought but stopped when he saw Cas' face.
That chuckle again but that time Dean understood that Castiel wasn’t mocking him.
‘I said strip down’ the man hissed, and Dean just sighed. It looked like his life was going to end. There was still a futile chance that the bastard liked castrates, but apart for the iffy miracle, all chances were Dean to be shot.
different things? And who’s insane after that?’
The doctor sighed again, opened a dark red folder she held on her lap and pulled out a motley piece of glazed paper, which appeared to be a photo when she handed it to Dean. There were three people posing on the picture: him, in huge hippy-dippy plastic sunglasses, with an opened bottle of champagne, his brother Sam with a fuzzy garland over his neck and a glass in his hand, and a young blonde in a silvery mini dress, with her arm around his brother’s waist. There was a sharply white sign
Cas' bedroom wasn't something special or even tidy, the bed was unmade and not so fresh, but Dean didn't give a fuck. He pulled with t-shirt off and got on all his forth in the bed, impatiently waiting for Cas to come and fuck him. He lowered his head and exposed his ass, hoping that it wouldn't take long till Cas would take him mercilessly and make him forget about everything else.
‘I expect you to be polite with Dean and to shake his hand at least, come on’ Gabriel rolled his eyes, and his brother obliged. He extended his hand and Dean hurried to shake it.
‘What do I owe the pleasure?’ He panted happily.
‘I’m glad’ Castiel beamed and left.
'Shh' Cas crooned as he was playing with Dean's hole. 'I like to feel you. I like your smell'.
Soon Dean realized that not all unmarried sex was a sin. Jo, for instance. Dean enjoyed her company and visited her often, what misled her into believing that he was up to certain things. Jo kept hinting that she wasn't against having sex with Dean, but she did it out of need to be loved. It was the only way to win love she new, and it was sad but not sinful. Dean declared himself a no-strings-attached type of guy who didn't want to get in the way of her true happiness, and Jo muttered something about all good guys being gay.
‘They have a rule in your nuthouse, to hire loonies only?’ James snapped.
Dean decided to start with cleaning. He found everything in a cuddy in the end of the floor. Dean spent almost three hours on his own rooms and decided to make a break. He emptied the bucket, shoved his sponge and cloth into it and took it to put back where they belonged.
The sins he thought about were booze, sex, blasphemy, abortion and lots of other stuff that made you life easier but, if considerate, didn't hurt anyone. But demons mostly approved homicide, massacres and death penalty; older entities of Dean's kind made people kill each other for living, so why he suddenly became so squeamish about it? He wondered if Cas' latex under garments contained holy water but decided that he would have fumes instead.
Because generally, with very little exceptions, all men’s communities were centered around having a dick and enjoying the dissimilarity to those who hadn’t. And you can’t enter the club of cyclists if you don’t ride a bicycle, right?
‘Fix me’ he said.
The guy nodded. ‘What do you drink?’
The though that Castiel needed to put a fucking rubber pad between his tongue and Dean’s ass made Dean mad. He jerked and turned back. He sat and moved away from Castiel.
‘Careful what you’re wish for’ Castiel said and fisted Dean’s hair. Presicely the human's remark in a conversation with a demon, not otherwise.
‘Dean, listen...’
His wings were taken from him when he decided to live in heaven with Dean like a regular good soul.
‘I like you. There aren't many people I like’.
'Thirty-one. You?'
Dean, however, was stubborn and refused to let Cas' lead.
The last thing he did on earth was replacing his Baby’s broken headlight.
‘Mine?’
Kids are stupid, especially that one. The little brat smashed the headlight of Impala on his shitty bicycle. God bless him – Dean wasn't in the mood to make a scene or demand any refund from the rugrat’s mother. Money wasn’t the worst part of it.
‘Now you see...’ Dean groaned ‘I’m ready. Take me’.
They became silent. James was idly flipping through the channels till he found a music program.
The world would be better without him. Why had he even been rescued, in the first place? He should have died there, and that dirty armpit he was placed just to be changed forever. He wasn’t meant to live. All those years of fruitless efforts to be someone, years of wearing Debbie Harry all over his pitiful self, years of hectic sex life, years of hiding like a fucking witch during inquisition era – all was in vain. It was his life borrowed, and he would never be able to pay his debt.
Dean froze. He didn't like it like that. He wanted to talk to Cas more, to find out what's hiding in that beautiful mind, he was sure that Cas could tell him a lot about what human sin was. And he wanted to be fucked by the guy again, that's for sure. But Dean didn't want to call it a date, because it would obviously lead to no relationship because come on, it was impossible for him to have one.
'What?' He gawked again.
‘I’ve told you everything about me, you twat, I fucking trusted you, I...’ Dean didn’t let the word ‘love’ slip off his tongue, but he was close. ‘I thought you’re normal. I mean –‘ He laughed through his gritted teeth at the word ‘normal’, cause it was obviously not the right word for him to use ever – ‘I mean you were good. For me. And you’re a fucking moony with whichever minced meat you have there in your head’.
‘I was fourteen’ he continued. ‘I went to pick up my little brother. Children started to disappear... so mom asked me to. This stupid Sammy’s drama class... anyway, they took me, and the only thing I could think about was that they took me instead of Sam, you know? If not me, it could have been him, and I... I wouldn’t be able to live with that.’
‘Aren’t you afraid to give shelter to a random psycho?’
‘I don’t want you to go through it alone’.
‘Fuck off, you freak’ Dean yelled. ‘Jeez, I was thinking that I found something real, something nice for the first time in my fucking life, and yet I see how fucked up it’s been all the time’ He flung up his hands and grabbed his hair, rolling his eyes. He was on the borderline of hysterical laugh.
‘And where do you live?’ She asked offhandedly. ‘You’d better live here in Lawrence. Otherwise you’re doomed’.
He had never had a chance to feel the mouth of another person on his cock. And, oh God, he would love it. If only he could. If only.
‘We’re done here, Mr. Novak’ Sam rapped out, crumpled up the document and shoved it into his bag. ‘It was nice to greet you in Kansas. Enjoy the stay, probably your only opportunity to appreciate amenities of Midwest’.
The whole mansion made an impression of long-faded grandeur. Dean could imagine days when it was good and modern, but now it was abomination of desolation. Through being furnished with expensive antique furniture, that place was unfit to live in. Dean was scared to imagine how Cas sustained that place and how he managed to live and even cook in it without fear of occasional fires or a short circuit.
‘I’m bi’ Dean muttered. He was offended by obvious truth. And the truth was that he hadn’t been having sex for a year and a half.
Winchester turned away and headed to the door, pocking his head.
If asked, James couldn’t remember anyone he could have been saying it to. He didn’t have a person who trusted him that much, and he didn’t have a person he appreciated that much to feel guilty for. Didn’t have and hadn’t ever had. No strings attached. No bonds. But the memory seemed so real it hurt.
‘Listen, you,
‘So prove it’.
'Sounds interesting' Cas said, and Dean realized that Cas' manner of speech wasn't strange because of medical terms he used - it was odd in general. It seemed like he used the longest appropriate word possible for every expression.
Perfect. The only thing that made him feel like human more than just rain was thunderstorm.
Hanging out with Jo was real fun. She made him forget the reason why he came. Luckily, her bladder was on duty and urged her on to the restroom.
‘You like it?’ Castiel said as he moved his fingers slowly in and out. Dean nodded and exhaled deeply with a hiss. ‘Yes, I see. It might be awhile, but your hole knows what skilled fingers can do’.
‘Honestly, yes’ Sam Winchester was no different to others. ‘I miss my wife and son. Have never been leaving him for that long. Fortunately, I’m leaving tonight’.
'Let me guess' Cas said. 'Thinking that homosexuality is a sin?'
While they were on the road, Dean couldn’t stop thinking about what a risky venture he jumped into. Probably, that guy wasn’t a psycho killer or a mad scientist creating monsters in his basement, but he still could be a grumpy crazy man who would yell at him and break things on purpose.
James decided that he maybe needed a shrink.
Dean stood up and moved back.
He didn’t blame them for mistaking him for a girl: actually, he did a good job to look like one. His hair was short for a girl, but way longer than a regular boy cut, dyed blond; he usually wore heavy makeup and dark nail polish, and through his favorite clothes were t-shirts with music bands and worn jeans, his entire appearance still was quite feminine. Dean adopted the iconic look of Debbie Harry in her best years as inspiration. It was smoking hot and badass enough for him to accept his… circumstances.
Cas' fingers fidgeted for a second, as if he was contemplating thoroughly, and said finally:
Dean moaned. Castiel’s dick was huge and thick, pounding into Dean’s ass perfectly. It took one or two strokes of Castiel’s strong hand on Dean’s dick for Dean to come, and his rim clenched tightly around Castiel’s girth, milking it furiously.
‘I guess twenty-two, I’m four years older’.
Dean fidgeted for a while. Cas' tenderness was overwhelming, and he didn't want to feel it for too long for not to think about if he was worthy.
‘What kind of friend?’ Castiel looked alerted. Dean could read his concerns in his eyes. Adultery was a sin. Lying was a sin. And Dean suddenly hated both.
‘Your brother witnessed that you were in Palo-Alto with him and his wife Jessica. Do you think that he is a liar?’
Castiel fished out a bottle of lube from the folds of the sheets, poured some onto his hand and rubbed it between his fingers. He reached out his hand and touched the small of Dean’s back. Castiel’s hand slid down to the crack of Dean’s ass and Dean leaned forward to give him better access. He plunged his middle finger into Dean’s heat and Dean moaned.
'Just shut up and fuck me' Dean snarled. 'I bet you feel I'm loose inside, I'm ready. I'm not made of glass'.
They made Dean promise to visit them every summer, and Dean said it lightheartedly, knowing they would never see each other again.
He would look pretty in makeup if he were normal, too. He would... he almost quitted thinking it over every time he was in shower. But when Castiel got into his life, Dean felt unstable again, like an earthquake cut the ground from under his feet.
Castiel was hovering over him, his wonderful biceps perfectly tensed. He smiled, and his glance was fascinatingly wild.
‘Soon I learnt they paid to use me’ Dean said. ‘On the court, they showed a web ad which he placed. So they were complete strangers. Not the word I want to use, but I was lucky not to catch anything incurable’.
‘You miss Cali, don’t you?’ James said with dexterously faked compassion. ‘I know that our climate is not that Eden-like, but it’s not like it doesn’t have its benefits’.
‘You’re an assvoegel’. Pam snorted. ‘Don’t you want to say that that gorgeous piece of a cop’s ass didn’t do you last night? Such a shame’.
With all that background, Dean could say Cas was the most vanilla person he'd ever seen. And vanilla was what he needed.
He was in denial, when he had heard it for the first time. He thought that he was dreaming, maybe concussed, or probably it was a psychological experiment carried out by the Army. Dean recollected his previous life really dimly; however he had a feeling that his past had a strong connection to military life. Sam told the last time he saw him Dean was a car mechanic, but everything was possible after Dean vanished. That part Dean believed in: he was definitely good at fixing car engines and kind of loved doing it. But the rest was ridiculous, and it took weeks to Dean to understand that people around him actually believed that bollocks they talked.
Dean looked back and laughed.
‘It’s James Novak, Seraph Enterprise, we had a meeting this morning’ James hurried to say. ‘I have just noticed a trifle that may cause a delay in our collaboration. You forgot to sign the last paper. Are you available tonight? We can fix it.’
Dean didn't know where he took it from but Castiel was obviously a perfect object to sin with, so probably it was because Dean was dying to have another round.
‘Wait, lady, I think I know what you’re looking for’ He wobbled to the back door and came again in a minute, holding the exact lamp Dean ordered.
‘It was how I saw your life. The moment it happened... I turned my eyes away.’ Cas said with bitterness in his voice.
‘Well’, Sam coughed. ‘If I am right, and you are right, and we both are simultaneously right… it might just mean that we are talking about different things’.
His mind was crystal clear through. He was thinking furiously.
‘You’re adorable’ He said and flipped Dean over like he weighted nothing. Okay, probably he put some effort, but Dean was more than willing to obey. ‘You want everything and you want it yesterday, like a needy bottom from porn. Are you a pornstar, Dean?’
It was dinner time when Dean knocked the door of his parents’ house. It took couple of minutes and a repeated knock for someone to come to open the door.
‘What’s your name?’
When he heard the knock, Dean first thought that he was daydreaming. But the knock came again, and Dean snapped:
'So what? Are you trying to hint on the universal power of your love to me which would prevent any bad things to happen to me, or you're meaning that you wish you were there? You can skip answering cause both options are nuts, man. I told you already, don't play with those
‘Finally it’s you, Dean’ Dean shivered at the grievous desperation that filled it. ‘I though I’ve lost you forever’.
‘It sounds insane, Dean. Insane, but… logical’.
was, but they were next to each other in that album, so Dean couldn’t avoid knowing it anyway. They probably had an hour of old music on that channel, because next song was of
'Well, Cas. You can take me to breakfast. But that's all, ok?'
played first. Dean wasn’t a big fan of them, but he remembered that song was popular when he was in high school. Not as popular as
‘I’m sorry, sir. I can’t let you in’.
She silently pointed to the screen of the muted TV that was hanging above the bar counter. James narrowed his eyes to be able to read the travelling line beneath the face of the anchorwoman.
‘He would hate you anyway’ Gabriel said. ‘He needs to get used’.
Cliffhanging inner struggle reflected on the man’s face, and then he gave up.
‘Wha-a, I wouldn’t blame you if you did. How old were you?’
‘Read’ Dean demanded.
song.
‘Why do you think I should marry her?’
‘You?!’ James hissed and tried to shut the door, but Dean put his foot between the door and the side-post.
Dean purses up his mouth trying to hold up his tears.
‘I’m sorry. It’s not what I asked for’ He said politely. Kids probably weren't that bad: people were just stupid in general.
'Well... you can say it like that' Cas shrugged. 'They mostly consist of jerks who don't give a fuck about people suffering for their prosperity, or of people who are too scared to lose that hat they have to say anything against those jerks. So being me... please stop me before both of us are wet'.
‘This lady came for a lamp, and she thinks I gave her the wrong one’ The guy answered swiftly. ‘Here it is’.
‘Sammy is a brother of mine. He’s married to a woman who I know died ten years ago, they have a three-years-old child together who is pretty much alive, didn’t take it after his mother. Sam lives in Cali and pays for my every-three-months trips to that Neverland you’ve found me in. I’m nuts because I become violent when people try to convince me that I have never been in 9/11 and that my injury is some kind of God’s gift. The palm on my shoulder, I mean. You saw it’.
‘Are you drunk?’
'For sex?'
'Jeez, Cas, it's gross'. Dean shortened the name without a second thought.
‘What?’ Dean snorted.
And then the thunder came.
'You thought I'm a buttfuck newbie? Why?'
‘How could I forget a guy who you’ve violated all my rules for?’ She teased. Jo had all rights to be curious, and even mad, since Dean had broken the primal rule of the Roadhouse – ‘No sex with clients’. She had forgiven him, of course, but knowing how actually loyal Dean was in all other terms, Jo and Pam died to know what was so special about that legendary cop.
James froze.
Dean and James both looked up: it was cloudy, but no rain and no lightning.
Cas just stared and sniffed the air.
Dean figured what Castiel meant once he got on his knees and mouthed Castiel's cock through his slacks. It felt hot and huge, and it twitched as Dean's face contacted it. Dean had never been that close to another man's cock but by the outline under the fabric he could tell it was bigger that his. And girl Dean sinned with told he was well-endowed. Dean gasped.
‘Do you remember? New York. 9/11. I was under the rubble, and you came and saved me’.
Dean couldn't understand why he became so troubled about saying what people wanted him to say, but he suddenly felt weird about using the d-word.
‘In love?’
But that time was different. He didn’t have time to wait till his Delilah vouchsafed to untie him. He had to get to this mysterious James Novak before he blasted off as everything that kept Dean sane did.
‘Do you think I care?’ Dean imitated Sam’s almost hysterical intonations, mocking him. ‘Admit that killing God at least is not judicable, opposed to killing the President, or last time I checked it wasn’t, but you know better, lawyer Sammy’.
‘I forgot again. Don’t worry, I have a new lamp on the back seat’.
‘Gin tonic, please’ he said, and the guy doubled it. As the bartender sat their rocks on the bar, the guy moved one towards Dean and said:
‘I’m not sure you have enough time – ‘
'I'm... I'm so sorry, Dean' he said. Dean smiled weakly. 'You don't have to. It's not your fault'.
‘It’s me, Dean’ It was Cas. The last person Dean wanted to enter the room while he was in that condition.
‘Good morning’ the guy said. ‘My name is Sam Winchester; I am the representative of Morningstar Enterprise’.
‘What does it mean?’
Everything was extremely dusty like no one had ever put a hand on it for cleaning. It was the only reason why Dean couldn’t enjoy his new residence entirely: all cleaning of those Augean stables was now on him.
‘Everything I felt was pain and fear. I was bleeding, cause I plucked out what they put into what’s left of my...’ Dean shook his head. ‘They patched me up’. He smiled weakly. ‘And cuffed me to the bed. They let me go once a day, it was like two weeks or so’.
One night, when he was at the counter, his friends came to visit. If was late Tuesday, and Roadhouse was empty enough to Dean to have time to chat.
Dean moaned.
‘Go. Away!’ He snapped.
Dean cursed silently. The last thing he wanted was his Baby to be taken to police impound and him being forced home in a police car.
‘It’s... is it...’ Dean gasped, and the tongue disappeared.
‘I’m not kidding at all. I never knew that could happen. You were my favorite one. Your soul...’ Cas pronounced the last word with a dreamy expression on his face. ‘It was the most beautiful thing that I’ve ever seen. And I couldn’t help but... fell in love with it. With you. And I wasn’t allowed to, so I decided to look away for a second, just to distract myself, to collect my thoughts, to be able to look at you without... passion. And when I turned back, I saw what happened, and... if I could die, I would then’.
‘You have fifteen minutes, sweethearts. And if you bring anything banned from your date, I’ll shove it into your throat. Got it?’
He was already naked with Castiel on top of him. Castiel kissed his neck, and his thumb was on Dean’s nipple. The rough touched was more intense that a tender caress of a girl’s tongue – the only thing Dean’s human nipple experienced before – and it was way better.
ean quivers at the memory. The last thing he wanted to admit was that Novak had ruined him for other men, but it was true. He was the gentlest, the most affectionate lover Dean had ever had.
That day was no different to others: James woke up, evacuated his bowl and bladder (without any urge to; it still seemed like a postmodern joke that he had to do it every day), showered, carefully trimmed his beard to make it look like always-three-day stubble, rammed his high-protein breakfast down his throat, and get dressed for the day. When he came to his workplace, the assistant told him that he has an appointment in a conference room, and James followed her instructions amenably. At the time he entered the premise, there was already a person there.
It was a young, tall, good-looking guy with longer hair brushed back in a shipshape manner. He was tanned, fit, wearing a good suit. Everything in him was saying that his life was more or less perfect, that he was a professional at his business, and that he was ok with who he was. Exactly how James looked.
‘Tell. Me. Now!’ He demanded in a low voice because he didn’t want others to hear them.
All Cas' dominant demeanor disappeared in his nervousness while he was saying that to Dean. That was a usual thing Dean was familiar with, but it was usual mostly for liars, and Cas wasn't one. Dean's demonic nature managed to catch a glimpse of fear and something more futile and warm waving right from the middle of Cas' chest.
‘The man who did it?’ Cas asked. Dean nodded and squeezed the hem of Cas’ shirt with his hand.
The man was beautiful. He had sinewy arms, strong legs, retracted belly with some visible abs, and a tattoo on its left side, right under the chest. But there was one thing that astounded Dean more: Castiel was hung. His big, thick cock was flaccid between his legs, but it still was the biggest cock Dean had ever seen in his life. He felt his mouth watering when he stared at that gorgeous dick. Dean was halfway to beg Castiel to let him praise that divine cock of his, when Castiel finally noticed him.
‘You’re just the same, you think everything is turning around you, bitch? No way! It is my problem, it always was, and always will be!’
‘Earth to Dean, how do you hear me?’ He heard Pam’s voice. ‘He might have been daydreaming. Kiss the sleeping beauty and he’s yours’. The last part of the speech was obviously addressed to someone else, and Dean shook up, looking around.
'I'm not gonna finish it right now, no way' Castiel grinned, and if Dean wasn't one hundred percent adamant that it was him who was fresh from hell, he'd decide that he faced the devil himself. He ducked his head to reach Castiel's cock, but the man stopped him.
Sam froze at the doorway, staring at Dean. His face was… desperate. He looked like a man who was losing something precious and who, at the same time, had already made up his mind with inevitability of it.
The woman at the counter gave him a stern look while Jo was filling the papers. Dean realized she was thinking he was the father. He beamed at the woman and grounded in the waiting room after he carefully handed Jo over to the nurse. But the woman was persistent and kept asking Dean loaded questions. He warded off with syllable answers till she finally asked him why didn't he marry Jo instead of sitting there, quote, 'like a jerk'.
Dean knew what that meant.
‘I’m… I’m good with that, no problem’ Dean mumbled. He was a good guy, but he had never been that polite. His manners were playing on the side of his dick, not his self-esteem.
He was fed up to the back teeth with that shit.
‘What a fucking hell, Dean, do you realize that it can clap you into the nuthouse forever?! Do you understand that?!’
Sam Winchester was a real asshole, he thought. He deserved to be gobbled up by Seraph Enterprise.
Sam Winchester didn’t show up. James waited till the last call, and there was no one who looked like the lawyer boy. Sam Winchester wasn’t the guy you could easily lose in a crowd.
Dean bit his lip heatedly. The police didn’t confirm that they were after Sammy, and Dean had never told it to anyone, it was just his speculation. Cas was the first to hear it out loud, and, said out, it sounded like a silly surmise.
‘What’s the problem?’ A low, gruffy voice asked from behind. Dean looked back and saw a grumpily looking older guy with a unkempt beard.
It wasn’t any better; both sides of Castiel made Dean want to sign up to extend his duties to obligation to warm the master’s bed up.
He approached to the man who was waiting outside and got a closer look.
Suddenly Dean remembered.
He held out a hand, a Dean stepped closer to let Cas reach him. Cas put his hand on Dean’s forehead, and suddenly Dean saw.
When everyone in the clinic went to sleep, Meg skulked into Dean’s ward. He was pretending that he was asleep, but after she called his name Dean got up. He arranged his pillow and blanket so it looked like there was someone on the bed. Dean took a white coat Meg gave him and put it on. He could bet that he looked weird, dressed like a doctor with an improvised pillow in his hand. But no one was going to see them, anyway. Floors were empty as Meg was leading him towards his escape.
