“I believe it is the latter,” said Castiel.  “Fortunately Jack seems to temper Michael and Anna’s enthusiasm.”
Castiel laid his over the top of Dean’s and looked up.  “I guess we shouldn’t be embarrassed to talk about our expectations for later.”
“Dork.”
It was later that day, that Benny first began to hear the rumours circulating.   At first it was just disgusted glances thrown in Castiel’s direction, and then it became barbed comments.
It was now Dean’s turn to blush.   “Well, yeah.”
Dean hadn’t been in Castiel’s room before.   It was painted in shades of warm blue, with solid white wood furniture.   A single bed with a bright childish cartoon bee duvet was against the far wall, creating a large open space in the middle of the room, where a yoga mat lay.  On the other side of the room was a desk with chair and a huge bookcase.  There were a couple of posters on the wall above the bed; one a picture of the cast of ‘The Big Bang Theory’, the other a picture of the Earth from space.   It took Dean a moment to realise there was no TV in the room.    Castiel had opened one of the other two doors in the room, to show a walk-in closet.  Dean assumed the other door was the ensuite bathroom.  Standing warily at the door to the room, he waited until Castiel gestured him in.
“Oh Dean-o, you’re such a clever boy,” said Gabriel smiling playfully.   Then his face dropped instantly into a hardened expression. “Today, I remembered something you said, when you came to see Cassie the day after you brought him home.  You said you’d be gone when school finished.  Is that still the case?”
“I don’t mind you looking, Dean,” said Castiel. “It’s very flattering.”
Dean blushed, and hid his face in Cas’s shoulder.   “I saw the magazine, and I thought it was you, and I was so confused.”
Back in their room, Dean quickly removed his boots, leaving them by the door, and excused himself to use the bathroom, taking his washbag in with him.  He wanted to brush his teeth after that burger.  Spotting the whirlpool tub for two he smiled, that had possibilities for later.
"Here, same time tomorrow Cas?" Sam asked hopefully.
Dean inhaled sharply at Sam’s statement, just as he took a mouthful of soup, and ending up spluttering and coughing.  He grabbed a napkin to wipe his mouth and took a sip of water.   Sam obviously hadn't thought that when Dean said don’t talk about it, that didn't included the individual himself.
They lay panting heavily on their bed, in the afterglow of their orgasms. Dean pushed his hips back, forcing another load of cum and a groan from Castiel. “You’ll be the death of me, Omega mine.” Castiel carefully let his fingers trail over Dean’s extended stomach, soothingly. “Are you OK?”
Dean continued to pour and flip the pancakes.  “Sorry.  I guess I am just ….”  He broke off.  He couldn’t think of how to articulate how he felt.  “You’ve been really great this week Gabe.  I can’t thank you enough for letting us stay here.  I am sure it wasn’t easy for you.”
“Ah,” said Dean looking down.  “That’s the bit I deliberately left out.   I am not going to tell him.  I don’t want him involved.”
He kissed down Castiel’s chest before reaching over to his bedside drawer.  Castiel looked puzzled until he spotted the small bottle of lube that Dean extracted.
“The grassy area should be OK,” said Dean.    “Do you have something like an old rug, or mat that we can use?”
Castiel was wearing his new leather boots, black jeans, a dark blue/purple T-shirt, blue and black plaid shirt, with his new leather jacket.   He was also carrying a black rucksack, slung carelessly over one shoulder.   Castiel was walking confidently, his shoulders pulled back, his back straight as he approached.   To Dean’s amazement, Castiel had also styled his hair differently.  Gone was the tamed combed down style he usually wore.  He was now wearing a messy unkempt look that looked like someone had been playing with it for hours, but in line with Dean’s suggestion, the tips were dyed blue. Castiel looked like the love child between a Rocker and a Punk.
“Jerk,” said Sam still smiling.
“No, seriously.  That was hot. I’m sure you could give lesson’s to Gabe’s actor friends,” said Dean with a grin, dropping his napkin over his lap to hide his aroused state.
“Dean,” said Missouri. “You are not fully dilated, but your pup is getting distressed, and I’m concerned. His heartbeat is getting weaker. We need to get him out now. I’m going to do an emergency cesarean. You’ve got the epidural in place. You won’t feel any pain, but you will feel some pulling, and pushing. Do you understand?”
“You know the sofa isn’t big enough.  Fine – Playroom.   But explain first,” said Castiel unhappily.  “Leave Sam here.”
"I would love that," said Sam happily.
“Is this going to be one of those conversations where neither of us are willing to put their cards on the table?” said Dean.
“Dean?” Castiel’s deep gravelly voice sounded confused and weak.
“I think they were kids from school,” said Dean.   “I scared them off.”
“OK, yes and no I understood.  What were the other two words?”
“Is your partner on their way?” asked Jon.
Benny laughed and jogged over.   “You OK Cher?”
From Trickster, Monday 9.03am         ?  Isn’t Cas with you?
“Maybe I learned my lesson,” said Dean.  He took a cautious sip of the amber fluid anyway and hummed appreciatively as it warmed the back of his throat, rather than burnt it.  “Wow, this is way better than the stuff at Bobby’s.”
When they arrived at Gabriel’s, both Sam and Gabe were sitting on the front step waiting for them.   Although Castiel’s phone call home had reassured Gabriel that all was well, until he saw Castiel with his own eyes, he wouldn’t believe it.  Sam was also anxious and looked worried when he saw the police car with them.
“You’re right there,” said Gabriel unhappily.   “I left our family years ago as soon as I could.  Changed my surname name to Milton.  If I had tried to be Cassie’s guardian, our parents would have dragged me through the courts on principle.   This is better.   Bought this place, so they can’t buy me out and throw me out.  I helped Cassie with his court case against them, and he rents a room upstairs.  He’s pretty independent, I just kinda watch out for him.”
"I wish I could help Sammy, I really do," offered Dean in the same quiet tone.  "But Calculus is beyond me.  I think you are just gonna to have to wait 'til school tomorrow and ask the teacher."
"The homework is due in tomorrow," said Sam a slight quaver to his voice, trying to hold back tears.  "I have to finish it tonight."
“Dean, I’m close. Cum Dean,” said Castiel fervently.   “Let go and enjoy it.”
Sam had agreed to join in as well.  It never hurt to refresh or practise the skills and working with Dean they should be able to demonstrate the moves a variety of ways for Castiel.
“Now kneel,” Alistair was clearly enjoying ordering Dean around.
“They’ll be here any minute,” said Dean in a panic, wondering if there was time to hoover again.  They’d taken all their Christmas decorations down the week before, and Dean was still finding pine needles in the carpet.   John and Sam’s Christmas presents were stacked neatly next to the TV.   John had agreed to visit in January after the Christmas and New Year holidays.  He wanted the boys to have their first Christmas together alone, without the added pressure of entertaining family.
“I’ll be right back,” said Castiel pushing Dean back onto the bed when he tried to rise.  Unconcerned for his own nudity or state of discomfort, Castiel went to the bathroom to get a warm washcloth and towel and used it to wipe the cum from Dean’s cock, stomach, and chest.   Only when he had cleaned Dean, and covered him with the bedding, did he return to the bathroom, and give himself a quick wipe down.  Turning out the small lamp, plunging the room into darkness, he returned to Dean, sliding into the bed next to him, and drawing him into his arms, allowing Dean to rest his head on Castiel’s chest.
“Dean?”
Dean was blushing.
Dean could see the effort Castiel was putting in, with rivulets of sweat trickling from his hairline, and his top was showing clear signs of sweat patches on his chest, but there was also a casual ease in his gait.  It was clear that this was a regular event, not a random spur of the moment idea, unlike Dean.
… ~~~ ...
“You can relax now,” said Gabriel amused.    Dean and Gabriel helped lower Castiel back to the sofa.
Hello everyone. Thanks so much for staying with this story. I love your thoughts and speculations.  Thank you for your kind comments and kudos.  We now have the big moment of baby Jack's arrival.
It was on Wednesday that things took a dramatic turn.  Upon arrival at school, Dean and Sam found the car park nearest the running track cordoned off, and an ambulance just pulling away.   Quickly parking up, Dean and Sam jogged over to the crowd of students that were gathered.
Dean shrugged uncomfortably, “I guess we’ll have to trust each other then. I could be a psycho Alpha killer for all you know.”
Castiel nodded slowly, as he felt Azzer’s knife in his side again.  It was obviously sharp because little red dots of blood were staining his already dirty running shirt.   Dean could tell he was in pain, probably his ribs again, but at least he was standing on his own two feet.  Castiel still had his running shoes on, which Dean was grateful for on the gravel.
The boys worked on that particular move for a while, until it became a smooth motion for Castiel.  Then, changing it up so Castiel practiced being grabbed on both his left and right wrist.  Once that felt comfortable for Castiel, Dean continued with the next part, showing how to follow through with a palm strike, explaining about using the heel of the hand, rather than the flatter area of the palm, and using a slightly upwards motion if hitting the chin.   Dean had Sam wrap his hand in his sweatshirt, to protect it, and provide a cushion for Castiel to hit.  Soon they were combining the moves easily.  Castiel’s body moved with a languid grace that Dean assumed was from his yoga training.
Alistair nodded to Azzer, who used his knife to lift the blindfold off, pushing it up from the rear of Castiel’s head.  From the sharp intake of breath Castiel took around his gag, Dean figured the knife had probably cut Castiel in the process.  It probably hurt like hell but wouldn’t kill him.
“Thank you for believing Lee, and coming when called,” said Dean with sincerity.  “It couldn’t have been easy for you to wait it out for my signal.”
“It looks like it’s pretty serious between you two,” said John.  “Are you sleeping together?”
“I’m just checking I heard you correctly,” said Patience. “I can see on your file that Doctor Moseley made some notes about possible early delivery, and given what you’ve told me, I think you should make your way to the Hospital. Do you have someone to drive you?”
Dean wanted to kick himself, because before he knew it, he was nodding like a frigging bobble head doll.
Staring into Castiel’s eyes, and allowing his gentle movements to relax him, Dean gave a dramatic sigh and nodded.  “I know you’re right, but I just want everything to be perfect.”
Dean blinked in surprise.  Everything in Castiel’s life was difficult, yet he still had the compassion to check that someone else was OK.  “Yeah, Dude.   Everything is fine.   I just couldn’t sleep.”  Dean didn’t want to tell Castiel that it was concerns about Castiel that was causing the restlessness.
Laid out on one the benches in the room, were 2 handguns.   Both 9mm Ruger handguns.  There was also a box of ammunition, and one spare magazine clip.  “I called in a favour from my neighbour, and borrowed his gun,” said Gabriel handing Dean back his phone.  Gabriel was pale.  “I don’t know how good it is.”
“I wanted to say thank you for the English notes you left,” said Dean.  “They were very comprehensive, and very useful.”  Dean nudged him with his elbow.  “Are you seriously going to cold shoulder me the whole time.”
There was a long silent pause.   Dean could hear and see Cas breathing heavily trying to think of something to say.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
Dean’s obstetrician, Dr Moseley, or Missouri, as she insisted on being called, was a lovely motherly figure that Dean felt comfortable with as soon as they had met. She was aware of the court case, and had even waived her charge for providing the fortnightly report for the court.
His face turning to ashen grey, Castiel turned away from John and Sam.  He felt a cold shiver run over his body, and the pizza that he’d eaten earlier was threating to violently reappear.
“Hell yeah,” said Dean firmly.   He sat back up on Castiel’s bed.   “You’ve been trying to hide for too long.   Be brave.  Stand out.”
“But I also know, that I am going to be away for a week, where I won’t be around to keep a check on you,” continued John.
“Why the razor blade?” questioned Gabriel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shit, sorry Sammy.  I forgot you hadn’t seen this before.”  Dean pushed him out the room.  “I’ll be out in 2 minutes.”
Dean sighed with relief, "I figured you would be, and I guess the number of times you healed me, anything I might have had you fixed."
Ma appeared at the door and called Castiel over, “Here dear. You didn’t eat much. Take these with you.” She handed him the to-go breakfast bags that she had originally made for Dean and himself.
“To the very best of my ability, for the rest of my life,” said Castiel sincerely.
To Castiel’s dismay his doctor insisted on a two night stay at the hospital.   Dean visited every evening after school, bringing Sam with him.    At first Sam had suggested he could go to the library alone, but Dean was now more concerned than ever of retaliatory attacks on Castiel or anyone that he had been seen talking to.  Their father was working away again, so Dean decided it was best they stick together.   Sam sat doing his homework at the table in Castiel’s room, whilst Dean and Castiel chatted quietly.
Seeing Castiel lying on the ground, unmoving, Dean was concerned about exactly how badly he was hurt. "Just remember, I gave you a choice," Dean said calmly.   With a move so quick, the two boys barely saw it, Dean flicked his arm, and the thin knife dropped from the arm of his jacket and fell with practiced ease into his hand.   Dean made sure the blade was highly visible, making it glint in the light.  He advanced towards them grimly.
“Trust you,” said Castiel simply.
“You throw in a cooler of beer, and you have yourself a deal.”
As he made his way back to the gates, he spotted a lone figure running around the four lane 440 yard sports track.  He was surprised to see it was Castiel.  Dressed in shorts, and a tank top, his hair covered by a truckers cap worn reversed, he was sprinting at full speed, his arms pumping and powerful legs pushing him around the track.   His body was toned and fit, and Dean couldn’t help but compare him to classical statues he’d seen, like Michelangelo’s sculpture of David.
“It was ….” Castiel hesitated, trying to calm himself. “It was requested and welcomed. You know I would never … Not another person’s mate.”
Feeling confident, Alistair started to walk forwards Dean, freeing up space to the left of Castiel, and Dean drew a breath, it was now or never.  “Cas.  Na-lay-va.  Now!”
As they got to the next floor, a gaggle of five boys ‘accidentally’ bumped into Castiel, shoving him hard with their shoulders and elbows.   “Watch out fag,” one sneered as Castiel pinwheeled his arms trying to prevent himself from falling backwards.   With surprising speed, Dean caught and pushed Castiel back up to the safety of the hallway.     If Dean hadn’t been as quick, Castiel would have taken a serious tumble down the stairs.  Looking around, the boys had already disappeared into the throng of other students.
Dean quickly sent a text message, and Castiel heard his own phone ding, advising receipt of a new message.  “Cool.”
Shrugging, Dean stretched out his foot and let it touch Castiel’s right ankle, keeping well away from the injuries to his left leg.  “Just thinking, about how much has happened since I met you.”
Cas's other hand, the one not holding Dean up, gently reached out to touch Dean's cheek, cupping it slightly before moving into his still wet hair, and caressing the back of his head, giving Dean the opportunity to change his mind. Slowly Cas closed the gap between them, his whole body pressing against Dean, before closing the last few millimeters of space between their lips.
Taking them from Gabriel, Castiel grimaced and then swallowed them down with a large swig of tea.
“Да, я говорю свободно. Я продолжал учиться онлайн,” said Castiel.   (**Yes, I speak it fluently.  I continued to study online.)
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
"I think we both agree it is a little late for that," said Dean gently.
Castiel asked the occasional question as the film progressed, but about half-way through, Dean felt a weight on his side.   Castiel had fallen asleep and was leaning on him.   Unwilling to disturb him whilst he was getting some much-needed rest, Dean carefully grabbed a pillow and moved it to his lap. Sure enough, about ten minutes later Castiel slumped a little further, and ended up half lying on Dean with his head on the pillow.
Sam took a step backwards. “I’m Sam. Jack’s uncle, Dean’s brother.”
FYI: I am based in the UK, and so actually know very little about the American School system.  If this seems horribly wrong, I apologize, please suspend your disbelief.  I spent a lot of time Googling places, and local laws.   Not everything is real, but a lot is.
Cas laughed harder, deep and growly. "You – Research." He was laughing so hard he could barely speak. "Books or porn?"
I have updated the tags.
“No idea.   The shop assistant threw in some freebie stuff.  I haven’t checked,” said Castiel.  “Let’s see.”
Blushing furiously Dean complained, “Daaad.”
Castiel wasn’t surprised when later that night, as Gabriel helped him upstairs back into his own bedroom, Gabriel started talking about Dean.
In the lounge Castiel was lying propped up on one of the sofas with his feet resting on a foot stool.   He was still wearing his PJ’s, and appeared to have half the bedding from the Playroom around him.  The white duvet was covering most of him, and he had several pillows supporting his back.    The white of the butterfly plasters holding a cut together near his left eyebrow looked stark against the extensive bruising around Castiel’s left eye.   Castiel looked up, and gave a small smile to Sam, as he approached, “Hey Sam, Hello Dean.”
The weather was warm and dry, so Dean thought that using the back garden might be better.  It gave them a lot more space than the floor area in Castiel’s room.    At one side of the garden was a relatively flat grassed area, at the other what looked like a wooden decked circle, a bit like a dance floor.
As soon as Dean was stationary, Missouri reappeared and started connecting various leads and sensors. He still had several of the little sticky pads in place, from earlier, so Missouri was able to use those for the monitor’s leads, adding and replacing a couple as she went.
“Finally!” yelled Sam, Lee and Benny together from where they were still standing with John and Sheriff Mills.
“You get some rest Angel,” said Gabriel softly, and patted his foot.   The only bit of Castiel he could reach without bruises, scrapes or bandages.
“But they tried!”
The little noises and muffled words Castiel voiced as Dean pleasured him made Dean very happy.  Dean liked giving head.  He liked hearing his partner enjoying the experience.   But he also knew that Castiel wanted more from tonight.   Almost reluctantly, Dean pulled away.  Castiel sat up slightly and pulled Dean towards him kissing him sloppily.
“You too Dean.”
Castiel smiled and began to dance again with Dean in his arms.   The rhythm was slightly faster on this song, and suited the waltz movement he had been practising earlier.
“God no,” said Dean quickly kissing his chest and holding him tighter.   “You’re reading too much into what I said.   You were wonderful, and thoughtful, and considerate.” Dean sighed.  “But if you need to hear it - You did not hurt me.  OK?”
“Let’s put it this way, no one else is dumb enough to publicise it, and no one else has been outed.”
“Not worth the penny,” Dean said.   He shrugged. “I was wondering about what my mother would think about you,” said Dean.   “I am sure she would love you though.  Probably think you’re way too good for me.  Hell, I think you’re too good for me.”
“Gabriel,” said Dean leaning in conspiratorially, lowering his voice as though he was about to share a secret, but still loud enough for Castiel to hear, “there is a lot you don’t know about your brother or want to know.   Especially about how good he is in bed.”
Returning to the bedroom, Dean found Castiel dutifully waiting as instructed.  Dean reached out his hand and pulled Castiel willingly to his feet.  “Join me?” he asked.  Castiel rose and Dean led him to the bathroom, where the bathtub was ready.    He quickly tested the water temperature and turned on the whirlpool jets.  “Let me,” Dean said as he touched the waist band of Castiel’s boxers.  Castiel leant forward to kiss Dean softly on the lips and gave a single nod.
Lee and Benny invited Dean several times during the first week to join them for beers and TV nights but Dean gently declined, citing the need to drive Sam home, and then watch him whilst John was out.
“I … thought…. You never gave any indication before of being interested in anything other than the female form.”
Dean kissed him again, and moved his hips slowly, drawing back before Castiel pulled on his arm again, enticing him back.    Soon Castiel was encouraging Dean’s moves, meeting him thrust for thrust, pushing back, harder.   Castiel crying out as Dean hit his prostate every third or fourth thrust.
Even to Castiel’s untrained eye, he could see that both boys were very skilled.  Sam managed to evade being pinned by Dean several times, throwing him off by an accomplished twist of the hips or solid push with the leg. Eventually though, Dean managed to restrain Sam, immobilising him and claiming victory.
Dean tried to complain about that. He wanted to see Jack. But the Doctor was adamant. Dean’s surgery had gone well, but he didn’t want Dean moving too much and opening up the internal stitching. Doctor Taylor had reassured him that despite the complications during Jack’s birth, Dean would be able to have more pups if he wanted. Dean had looked at him with utter contempt and declared that “this was never happening again”. Doctor Taylor had just smiled and said a lot of people said that but went on to have further pregnancies. Sam had just smirked, and then looked horrified as the Doctor proceeded to tell Sam that Dean should refrain from sex for at least 4 weeks.
Turning to look at Dean as he drove, Castiel gave a shy smile.  “I’ll direct you.   Head North for now.  It’s not that far.”
“More like ran down,” laughed Gordon.  The other boys joined in.  “You should have seen the look on his face.”
“Anything I should know?”
Reaching out very slowly and touching Dean on the shoulder to get his attention, Castiel said, “Dean, you are exhausted. You need to get some rest.”
“I know,” Gabriel said quietly.  “But you’re injured, and too weak to stand on your own.  I can’t do this by myself.”
Dean turned to face Cas, stunned. His erection still painfully obvious as he held the towel around him. "Err No!" he said emphatically.
Taking a pen from his jacket pocket, Dean nodded in thanks, and settled down to take notes.
Sheriff Mills wanted to drive the boys back to Gabriel’s herself, but Dean wasn’t prepared to leave his car behind.  Eventually she agreed Dean could drive the Impala, and she would follow them back.
“Well we don’t get the results for a bit. So, save some of that, I might need to this celebrate or commiserate.”  Dean took another sip and sighed.  “Come on Dad, I can tell you’ve got something on your mind Dad.  Let’s hear it.”
“Can be used to escape if tied up,” said Dean nonchalantly. “Dad taught us that trick.”
“Doctor Moseley, is everything OK. Dean’s feeling a bit worried,” Sam asked.
“Excellent,” said Dean.   “Of course, there are other techniques, and depending on the situation, you may want to twist in the other direction, finish the move with a step back, or follow up with punch or strike.”   He indicated for Castiel to try and grab him again, but this time when Dean twisted from his grip, Dean’s other hand flew forward towards Castiel’s nose in a position of a palm strike.   Dean held back from actually hitting him, but Castiel’s eyes flew open in surprise at the quickness and effect of Dean’s hand flying towards him, he didn’t even have time to flinch.
“So, I went to Gabriel.  He’d already left home at the earliest opportunity and they had disowned him.   He took me in, but for a variety of reasons, he couldn’t become my legal guardian.”  Castiel paused and took another sip of his drink.  “Do you know what an emancipated minor is?”  At the shaking of Dean’s head, he continued, “I had to take my parents to court to prove they were unfit to be my parents, and to be freed from their control and from them having any and all responsibility towards me as their child.   I am responsible for being self-sustaining.  I have to control my own money, housing, medical, and education.  Gabe helps me, but legally I’m on my own.”
Dean frowned, not quite sure what his father was building up to.
“I could spend a lifetime trying to describe you and your body, and still never do you justice.   You take my breath away,” said Castiel, his voice barely above a whisper.
Dean snorted, “Some English major you are.”
Thank you all so much for your incredible support for this story.   I have genuinely been completely overwhelmed.  Some of you commented on every chapter, some just left kudos.  Regardless of which, I appreciated every single one.
Gabriel had put on some music from his iphone, which was playing through built in speakers, in the background, and they all sat comfortably around the fire, the conversation ebbing and flowing.   Sam had been talking to Kali about California, and Castiel had been talking to Zar about the latest events at school.
Dean looked at Cas with incredulity. "The 'talk'?" He rounded on Sam. "Really? What am I 15?"
Castiel deliberately let his saliva pool around his fingers, and under Dean’s balls.   Very carefully Castiel slipped his index finger lower towards Dean’s virgin hole.  Gently massaging the perineum for a while, before circling Dean’s rim, he continued to nuzzle at Dean’s balls.
Many thanks to everyone still reading this story.   I promise it is complete.  I can't believe I have 80 subscribers following this.   I am overwhelmed.
“Dork,” said Dean smiling.
Dean texted Castiel as soon as he was able.
… ~~~ …
Castiel looked at Dean in shock.  “Gagged?”
Dean watched the monitors for a while, jumping a few times when the alarms went off.   The nurse was quick to check, and reassure them, that nothing was wrong.  Apparently because of Castiel’s levels of fitness overall, he had a low resting heartbeat, below 60 beats per minute.   After the third time, the nurse adjusted the settings down slightly, which stopped the false alarms.
"I cannot answer that with a yes or a no," said Cas quietly. "He has expressed a need for me, but I am unaware of his feelings beyond that."
Moving his hands to cup Castiel’s face, Dean used the extra few inches of height he had over Castiel to dominate the space, before gently lifting Castiel’s chin, and lowering his own, closing his eyes and allowing their lips to gently meet.
Dean couldn't figure out how Cas could both be so gentle and so demanding at the same time. He felt every tiny movement as Cas took him into his mouth. His tongue lapped at him, as well as Cas gently tugging and creating the most wonderful moist sensations. The warm water cascading around him added to the whole feeling of being completely enveloped by Cas. Dean had received many blow jobs over the years, but nothing compared to the feeling he now experienced. Cas was a revelation. It was like he knew instinctively where to touch, where to suck, where to kiss and where to graze his teeth.
OK.  So I got a bit excited and wanted to share the next chapter early.   Thanks to MalicMalic for prompting a particular scene, that I hope you enjoy.
“It’s a surprise, for sure,” said Dean, “but hey, it’s all fine.”
“Stop talking!” said Dean mortified.  “No, never.  Please don’t mention it ever again. Trust me, you and I are never going to discuss my love life ever again.”
“I mean, we’re leaving soon.   I guess I am just worried that one or both of you are gonna be heart sore,” said John.
Castiel handed Dean’s phone back to him.   Dean unlocked the screen, opened the message app and handed it to the Sheriff.  “You can see the time stamps on the messages.   I was at school when that photo was sent through, along with the text.   I went to Gabe’s house and got his gun,” he gestured the gun on the Impala.   “Dad had taken all our weapons.  I arrived here first, then Alistair.  He threatened Cas.  We fought, I managed to get to the gun and shoot him.   I didn’t expect to kill him, but I was on my back on the ground, I aimed for his shoulder, but he must have moved at the last moment.”
Surprised but grateful, Castiel smiled, “Thank you.  I appreciate your discretion.   Maybe you can fill Sam in on my past later after I’m gone.   I don’t think I want to go through it again.”
Dean turned and Benny took an involuntary step backwards at the look on Dean’s face.  Dean looked positively murderous.  “Take a breath,” said Benny.   “What’s your plan?”
“That’s perfectly normal.” She checked her notes. “I’d like to admit you, and keep an eye on how things go. We know your pup is small and likely to need assistance. Doctor Moseley has already confirmed arrangements for an incubator, and NICU attendant.” At Dean’s puzzled look, she said, “Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. They look after the very premature babies. They have the best equipment in the right sizes that your pup will very likely need.” Doctor Brown looked over at Sam. “Labour is likely to continue for several hours yet. If you want, you can go home, and we can call you back if the situation changes.”
Dean sent Sam a text letting him know Castiel was doing OK.  Whilst he had his phone out, he suggested that maybe he and Gabriel’s could exchange phone numbers.   If he’d had it earlier he would have been able to call Gabe rather than drive to the house, and if anything happened to Castiel, Gabriel would be able to let Dean know.
“Had worse,” said Dean trying to make light of it.   “I once got thrown into a holly bush, Dad had to tweezer the thorns out of me.”
"You do not have to get me drunk Dean?" said Cas thickly taking the glass.
“Whoa!” yelped Cas trying to pull away.
Cas paused, "ever?"
Finally Castiel turned and looked at Dean.  The wariness in his blue eyes made Dean uncomfortable.  “Look, I don’t know if you are messing me with, or not.  But either way, I’d prefer it if you left me alone.”
“Morning, Angel,” said Dean as he climbed back into bed, lying down next to Castiel.  “Sorry did I wake you?”
He winced as he felt Jack moving around. “Settle down kiddo,” he said. “Long way to go yet.”
Dean burst out laughing, and relaxed, kissing Cas again.
Dean staggered under the penetrating look. Cas knew. He’d known he was there the whole time. Dean felt like an idiot.
Dean laid his head against Castiel’s chest and closed his eyes. He could feel Castiel gently carding his hand through Dean’s hair, soothing him. He felt cared for and content. It was a good feeling, one that he hadn’t experienced for a long time. He felt like he should be purring like a contented cat. He wanted to stay here forever, warm and safe.
“You were supposed to get Cas out of here,” said Dean to Benny.
Shaking his head, Dean wiped his eyes. “No. I mean, I am probably overreacting, right?”
"Cas….." said Dean embarrassed.
The last lesson on a Wednesday afternoon was always PE.  Although Dean generally hated Physical Education as a lesson, he realised that it never hurt to keep his body fit.   Life on the road had meant that he never really bothered to join any of the school teams – he wasn’t usually there long enough to make a difference.   But Dean didn’t mind participating in training drills or acting as spotter where needed.    Fortunately, Coach Teague, the PE teacher at this school had realised that for most teens that were not already part of a team by final year, there was little hope to engage them now.  Because PE was a mandatory part of the curriculum, they had to participate, but there was no specific rule about what they had to do during the lesson, so often Coach Teague allowed the students to select their own activity each lesson.   Most of the boys played competitive football, so there were always training drills.  But he also allowed a separate group to run track or cross country without supervision.
"Dude, you never eat granola. And are you actually sober?"
“Gabe’s a joker and completely inappropriate most of the time, but he is very professional when he is working.   Very strict on ID’s, age and consent.   He doesn’t allow alcohol or drugs on set.  Even for what he calls ‘vanilla sex’, he makes everyone sign very strict agreements, and he won’t work with people that don’t take it seriously. The whole BDSM thing is apparently quite popular, and I know he goes a long way to making sure everyone is safe.  Everything agreed before hand, Limits, safe words and the like.  He says when the actors feel safe, the ‘performance’ is better.”
Benny looked up in surprise, confusion all over his face.
Sam was very chatty as he told Dean about every class, and all the teachers he had met.   Dean nodded and “ah hah”-ed, at all the appropriate places, as he drove them back to the holiday park at the edge of town.
“Shush you, Angel,” said Gabriel smirking.  “So, what about you guys?  You seem a contradiction.  Stanford and Wolverine.  I get the feeling you can probably both handle yourselves.   Bit too much street smarts for the usual teens around here.   Which reminds me, are you still carrying?”
Dean had only popped into the local convenience store to grab some milk, and some beef jerky.    Between his schedule for college, homework and work shifts at his Uncle Bobby’s garage, he barely had time some days to grab lunch.   He’d found that a few strips of jerky mid morning and mid afternoon between lectures helped tide him over, and definitely made him less hangry.
Dean wisely decided to say nothing.
“You’re gonna need balls the size of Brazil to pull it off,” stated Lee.  “That is if Castiel even lets you.”
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
“It isn’t good.”
Castiel didn’t need to look at Dean to see him roll his eyes, and feel his exasperation. “Get your mind outta the gutter,” Dean said. “We talked. That’s all. I was tired, and Cas made me take a nap. Alone.”
Castiel looked up at Dean with fearful eyes.  Dean could see he was worried. Castiel was biting his lip as though he was scared Dean was about to bolt out the door.
“You too, Assbutt.”
“Yeah.  And you can’t tell anyone.   Cas has enough crap in his life, people finding out about this would just about destroy him.”
“But, you’re going to Berkeley, and you’re going to be incredible there,” said Dean kissing Castiel’s knuckles.  “I thought, I hoped we might have longer, but my Dad….  He said we’re leaving next week.”
Dean pulled back and put a hand to Castiel’s face, staring into his eyes, so Castiel understood his sincerity.   “I swear to you, this is the single nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.”
Gabriel indicated the lounge, “Go ahead and see for yourself.”
Alistair and Gordon grinned at their companions and started to laugh.   Gordon kept an eye on the door.  He expected to see it rattle as Dean unsuccessfully tried to open it.  But the cabin remained eerily quiet.
Slowly approaching them, as though he was afraid they might lash out, Castiel took the seat next to Sam, and placed his satchel on the table.
Checking it was just them in them in the room, Dean let the tears fall. “I’m getting worried now,” he confessed. “I think something is wrong and they aren’t telling me.”
Sam nodded again.   “Oh yes, I am sure she will.”  Sam looked at his phone again, this time to check the time.  It was about 10.30pm.   “Well I think I might head to bed.   It’s been a long day, and my brain is fried from all that Latin.”
“Just you. You look comfortable. You’ve done this before,” said Dean.
When had Cas done this?  How?  Why?
From Dean, Sunday 10.09am.             I’m good.  But I wasn’t the one beaten up
Dean comes up with a plan to deal with Alistair.   John comes home early.  Castiel isn't happy, then he is.
The rest of the evening passed quickly, with Kali, Gabriel and Zar continuing to regale the younger members with various stories of their misspent youth at University.
“What?  No!” said Dean frantically.   “Lisa, stop.  Just stop.”
“Hang on, I think we have something ahead,” said Dean, causing Castiel to look up from the radio.
“I heard from Sheriff Mills today.”
Cas frowned a little, "please don't." Dean hesitated. "You don't need it for courage, not now, not ever. You don't need it to forget, or for the pain, or for the loneliness, or any of the other reasons you use. You are stronger and better than you know."
“Assbutt.”
Castiel gains a couple more friends, but the bullies don't let up.
“Well, I am sure she will phone soon,” said Castiel sympathetically.
“Fuck, you're strong,” said Dean taken by surprise at the sudden change in position. He locked his legs around Castiel waist.
Castiel dropped his eyes, he muttered something under his breath.
“I don’t know.   He told me he’s bi,” said Castiel, “Sam and his Dad know, but no one else.”
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
“Damn Cas,” swore Dean as he pulled back panting, “you are something else.”   Biting his lip he looked at Cas, and said embarrassed, “Shall we take this back to my room?”
Walking to the front of the Impala, Dean placed his gun clearly visible on the hood, just as a police car rounded the corner and pulled into the carpark.    Dean stood off to one side, his hands raised, clearly indicating he was not hostile and not a threat.    He’d just shot and killed someone.  Even though it was in self-defence, he was probably going to be arrested; better to be as inoffensive as possible.
The journey to the Roadhouse only took 15 minutes.   Dean had considered walking there, partly to annoy Sam, and partly so he could get out of his gourd drunk and not worry about driving home.
We learn a bit about Dean's situation.
Fully expected to get chewed out, Dean waited in silence as his father drove them home.   To his surprise John pulled into the carpark of a bar and parked up.   Easing himself out the Impala, John led Dean inside, grabbing a couple stools at the bar, and gesturing for two beers to the bartender.
"This isn't just some kind of get sex out of your system thing?"
He nodded in surprise.
“Assbutt.”
Dean felt a tad guilty as he looked at his disappointed face.  He could see this mattered to Castiel. “Seriously.  Dude, you’re like million years old and you’ve never danced?”
Both Dean and Castiel huffed a small laugh and broke apart, smiling at each other, then Castiel hid his face in Dean’s neck embarrassed.  Dean just hugged him.   “I love you too,” murmured Castiel.  “So very much.”
I know I say this a lot, but thanks so much for your lovely comments.  I can't believe the reaction this story seems to give people.   There are 179 subscribers!   If I could buy you all a drink I would!
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
Dean had been a little worried about checkout, but no mention was made about the name on the credit card saying Novak, and not Winchester.   Mildred was on duty.
“OK,” said Castiel.  “I’ll just watch some more of the movie then.  I’ll keep the sound down.”
There was a quick trip back to the trailer, during which the boys packed their stuff into a couple of duffle bags, emptied the fridge, gave the place a quick tidy and Dean and Sam moved to Gabriel’s.
Gabriel stood back and tried to wipe his eyes surreptitiously.  “Well, I guess you’d both best be getting home.”
Alistair started to cry and then Dean could smell the mistakable odour of urine.   In an abject state of fear that he was going to be shot, Alistair had pissed himself.
Generally, their fellow students and indeed most of the Teachers, seemed to find Dean and Castiel’s relationship something to be pleased about.   It also seemed that even those students that might have been less than supportive, decided to keep their mouths shut.
Dean’s labour continued for another hour, before Missouri performed another check on Dean.  He was surprised when she said she wanted to move him to a surgical room, rather than have him deliver the baby in the delivery room. “We have better equipment in there,” she reassured him. “I’m going to take Sam to get him gowned up,” she said. “You’ll see him in there soon.”
Gabriel grinned evilly, “And I love you too.   But Dean’s right, there’s no way even with both of us, we’re gonna get your sorry ass upstairs tonight, and I think I will probably need his help regardless.”
Rachel, one of Lisa’s friends had even approached Castiel, in front of Dean, and asked for Castiel’s assistance with her Physics homework.   Castiel cautiously agreed to help, and during one memorable lunch Castiel and Rachel sat at one table going through the work while Benny, Lee and Dean hovered protectively at the next table.
"I think you are demonstrating it quite admirably," said Cas trying to keep his voice even.
“Dean. Listen to me. I’ll do what I can,” said Charlie reassuringly calm at the other end of the phone. “Even if I have to burgle the guy’s house and steal his laundry. Tell me what you know or remember about him.”
Recognising that Gabriel’s use of his nickname was his way of accepting him, Dean smiled.   “I guess so.”
Castiel considered that. “I don’t know. I won’t deny he smelt amazing. But there was something there, not quite right. Masked, or hidden, or maybe just slightly off kilter.” Castiel rubbed his face. “I think he might be ill, that could have affected his pheromones, and his olfactory senses and scent processing. If he realised I was his True Mate, he never mentioned it.”
It was at their next Physics class on Friday that Dean finally managed to speak to Castiel.    Dean snagged the seat next to Castiel despite the look of apprehension on his face.
Clearing his throat, Dean said, “When you said bring a bag, I thought we might be staying at Gabe’s.   So gonna tell me where we’re going then?”
Castiel looked at the tags. They were plain metal, with a punched engraving, “Sub and Dom” he read out confused.   Suddenly a look of horror and understanding passed over his face.   “Oh no.   No. No. No.”   Now Castiel was blushing and couldn’t look at Dean.
“What?”
In the Playroom, Dean grabbed his duffle bag, and started folding his few clothes into the bag.  Used to travelling light, it didn’t take long to pack everything away.  Grabbing his washbag, he threw it on top of his clothes and sighed.  He looked up to see Castiel standing at the doorway, almost as though he was afraid to intrude.
They recommenced their walk.   “Does he want help?” asked John.   “There’s only so much you can do if he won’t accept it.”
Silence.
Looking down at Dean, who was still panting and shaking from a combination of pleasure and release of adrenaline, Dean had a glassy expression.  “Are you OK?” Castiel asked concerned, wiping an errant strand of hair from Dean’s forehead.
“Very good,” Cas moaned.
“Do you want me to go ask them?” said Sam.
“They’re just cleaning him up Dean, you’ll get to see him in a minute,” said Missouri. “We need to sort you out too.”
“I wish we could stay here forever,” Castiel said wistfully.  “But right now.  Nature calls.”   He stood up, then leaned over to kiss Dean again.   “Don’t move.  I’ll be right back.”
A huge thank you to Inlovewithsaturn for proof reading.
Opening and closing his mouth, Dean couldn’t quite decide how to answer that.  “Can I put it a different way?” Dean asked.  “I’d like to see you like that, just for me.”
Yes, there is more smut in this chapter too.   :-)
Their first night together at Gabriel’s, had been the day of the kidnapping, and apart from a few small kisses and cuddles, they both fell asleep quickly, each exhausted and sore from their injuries.  The subsequent nights however were spent by them finding new ways to take each other apart as silently as possible, before they would fall asleep, sweaty, satiated and tangled in each other’s limbs.
Castiel continued to stand upright but even his newfound confidence wavered slightly under Dean’s scrutiny, he dropped his eyes.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Dean said concerned sitting up.  “I mean, this whole thing must have set you back enough.  You don’t have buy me things too.”
“OK.” Dean opened the car door for Castiel, and hidden from view of Gabe, took his hand and gave a quick but reassuring squeeze.  “Take care, Dork.”
Moving his hand to Dean’s face, Castiel ran his thumb across Dean’s jaw.   “Look at me, Dean,” said Castiel, there was a slightly harder than usual edge to the request.  Dean focused immediately on Castiel’s face.  “Any time you want, for any reason, you say stop, we stop,” said Castiel firmly.  “If you feel any discomfort at all, you tell me.”
“Really really good,” said Castiel sincerely.   “I think we may have to take turns topping in future.”
“You didn’t at the time.   But I’m embarrassed now I didn’t realise.  You’ve seen Gabe.  You’d think after living with him for three years, I’d be slightly more aware of, well, of that side of things.”
“Thank you,” Dean responded weakly.
Castiel twisted out of Dean’s grasp, using the technique that Dean had taught him.   Perversely Dean was pleased to see Castiel had remembered it.
Benny had joined them by this point, he spoke to Sheriff Mills, “But I saw what happened.  Dean was unarmed initially when Alistair tried to stab him.
“What are doing?” muttered Castiel under his breath, confused.
“Seriously dude,” said Dean in amazement.  “How can you not know that movie?”
Castiel tilted his head slightly, and Dean nodded. A look of utter devotion formed on Castiel’s face, causing Dean to take a sharp intake of breath.  They kissed again, and then Dean gently entwined his hand with Castiel, mutual understanding between them, as Dean led them from the library, to his bedroom.
Cas nodded, "always for someone else."
Dean’s face lit up, “Cas man, I think you may have just found my two most favourite words in the English language. Apple Pie.”
She smiled.  “Well the Doctor will around shortly to check you, and then assuming everything is satisfactory, we’ll arrange your transfer up to a ward for observation.”
Castiel placed a hand into the incubator, and let Jack grasp his index finger. “Charlie called me his Papa. I liked that.”
“Tea,” agreed Gabriel.   “Sammy, can I ask you to make the tea?  Everything’s in the cupboard over the kettle.  Make it milky and add four sugars.”
Castiel turned and saw his helmet in her outstretched hands. Saying nothing, he took it from her and stared back out to where he’d last seen Dean’s car. He could feel his inner Alpha howling in distress at the separation from its mate.
“What did Benny mean when he said I was there in spirit?”
“Cas, it’s fine.  We’ll get you up, I’ll support you, whilst Gabriel helps you on with the PJ’s.” Dean carefully said nothing about the removal of the old clothes.   “I swear I’ll keep my eyes closed the whole time.”
“Dean!” yelled Gabriel’s voice from the speaker.   He must have heard Dean cursing.
“You almost died for me.  Hell, you almost shot Alistair for me.   I don’t think I deserve you.”
Suddenly there was a huge explosion, and sparks flew up from the roof.   Everyone took several steps back in surprise, as the little cabin became a cacophony of   sound and light, as what appeared to be flares and flashbangs exploded.   A couple of the boys fell over backwards and scrabbled in the dirt trying to get away from the now inferno.
Climbing off the chair, Dean put the T-shirt back on, and turned to face Gabriel.   “I get the feeling we need to clear the air on a few things.”
Castiel spent the rest of the day with Jack and Dean, reluctantly only leaving, when he received a phone call from Gabriel asking where he was. They had lost track of time, and he was late for their weekly dinner. Gabriel invited Dean as well, but Dean declined, feeling he’d been away from Jack too much today already.
Dean receives a letter, and panics.
“Please take your time, Sir,” Noah said with a patented Customer Service smile. “I can see how new this is for your friend.  But you seem to have an eye for what suits him.”
“N’thing.”
“I’m sorry you went through that,” said John gravely.  “I’m glad Dean was able to help.”   Looking around, he saw the bags the boys had packed.    “If you boys are all squared away, we should get going.  Sam, can you put your bag in the truck?”
Lots of swearing, and homophobic language in this chapter.
Dean's body stiffened momentarily and he nodded silently.
Sam passed Dean a sandwich, which Dean wrinkled his nose at. “I’ll pop out later and grab you a burger. But just eat that slowly.” He handed Dean a bottle of water too.
“You exhausting yourself working isn’t going to help your pup,” said Missouri. “Do you have your hospital bag already packed?”
“I feel like I’m getting whiplash from you.  I can’t tell, and I need to know, do you have a problem with me dating Cas?”
Cas turned to walk out the door, when Dean suddenly moved quickly to block his exit. "No, Cas wait," said Dean holding up his hand against Cas's chest to prevent him leaving.
“Please sit?” corrected Dean.
After another coming together of their mouths, and Dean moaning as Castiel ran his fingers along his bare arms, there was a common fumbling of belts, buttons and zips, as they both undid and removed their trousers, leaving their underwear in place.
“I will get an update for you, as soon as we are done here,” Doctor Taylor said. “You are my priority right now.”
“Yeah,” said Sam, capping the cream.
Once Sheriff Mills had finished with Dean, she took Benny’s statement.  Benny was able to corroborate everything Dean had said.   Benny confirmed that he’d gone with Dean, because he’d had some hunting previously and had some experience with guns, whereas Lee hadn’t.   Benny had stayed hidden, only revealing himself when Dean had caught the boys trying to leave.  He was there to stop Alistair killing Dean, in the possible event that Alistair or a member of his little gang had a weapon or took the beating too far.
He was still fully dressed, and groaned slightly as he peeled himself off his super comfy bed.
Better not to sugar coat it, Dean thought.  Trying to soften or moderate the situation would only lead to confusion. “Gabriel films porn at the house,” said Dean bluntly.
“I think I’d like to top you,” said Castiel, “but if you don’t want me to, I don’t mind.”
John led the way outside and went to the truck.  Sam hugged Gabriel goodbye, and then claimed shotgun in the truck.
Relief hit Dean, and his concerned disappeared.   Castiel cupped Dean face with his hand and drew him in for a kiss.    The movement caused Dean to move deeper, causing Castiel to moan in pleasure.  “Slowly,” Castiel said releasing him.
“No.  It’s all fine.  I’ll explain later,” said Castiel.
“I know. There’s nothing we can do about the court date Dean. Even if you were in a coma, I think the Lafitte’s would proceed. Technically you don’t have to be there, if you want to stay with Jack. It’s Alpha fighting Alpha really. Me, as the Winchester family Alpha against the Lafitte family Alpha. I want to call you to stand as a witness about them disowning Benny, but I don’t have to.”
“It’s certainly been a dramatic few month’s,” agreed Castiel.
Gabriel smirked, “Oh yes Dean-o.   Welcome to my film set.   I call it the Playroom to annoy Cassie.”
The rest of the week passed pretty quietly.   There were no physical attacks on Castiel, although the comments and jibes continued.  Dean, Benny, and Lee continued to try to keep an eye on Castiel but it seemed like even the teachers had realised that enough was enough and very quickly shut down any non-lesson related chatter in the class.
Dean stared at him. "You really believe all of that, don't you?"
“Hey Dean. How are you doing?” responded Charlie cheerfully.
Both momentarily exhausted neither moved as they panted heavily, their chest heaving hungrily for air. Cas unsurprisingly recovered first, and gently rolled off Dean, and pushing himself into a seated position next to him. "Thank you Dean."
You've all been enthusiastic about the boys reuniting - because of this, you'll get a second chapter tomorrow, instead of the usual 2 day wait.   Hugs to you all.
Lee appeared at Castiel’s elbow, “Woah. Cool duds.”
They continued their meal, before Dean finally blurted out, “What if we went shopping, and chose some new outfits?  You and me.  I was thinking we could make a day of it, grab some lunch and give your wardrobe a makeover.”
Shaking his head, Castiel started his massage again.  “Spill.”
To Bitch: 8.39pm     Fine. On my way.
The nurses surrounding the bed were all in motion again. It was like a well choreographed dance, with everyone moving at the same time, but not crashing into each other. The woman in the yellow scrubs had moved off to the side, and another nurse was assisting.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
Biting his lip, he considered the situation for a few seconds. This was both monumentally stupid and completely foolhardy. Flicking on his hazard lights, he searched in the glove box and finding a flashlight that seemed to be working, he blessed his good fortune. However, as he looked out the car window, he began to revise his opinion of what constituted good luck. “Fuck it!” he thought and, opening the car door, Dean staggered under the force of the rain and wind.
“Dean, you feel so good,” said Castiel.  He could feel Dean clenching around him, and gave Dean the time he needed to adjust.
“I had a thought about Cas,” said Lee.   “What if we, as a group, kind of adopt him?”
The writing was messy, and if Dean had more time, he was sure he would have expressed it better. But it was something.
Can’t Help Falling In Love – Elvis Presley
Castiel gave him another minute to adjust before sliding them in and out, and making a scissor motion with them, the lube making lewd squelching sounds.    “Are you still good?”
Wow.  A huge thank you to everyone who left a comment on the last chapter.  I was overwhelmed by your kind comments and reactions to Benny's death.   I was genuinely touched that so many of you felt moved enough to leave a comment.   My humble thanks to you all.
“Wow.  That was tame,” said Lee with a laugh, climbing over to the front seat
Dean nodded and rubbed his neck, “Yes, seriously.  My brother and father know, I’ve just never been open about it at school before.  Not sure I really want to be out here.   But I’m only going to be here for three months, ‘til the term ends, then we’re moving on.   Given how much shit you’ve been getting, I thought … well I thought you might like a friend for as long as I am around.”
After a quick discussion, Dean and Castiel agreed, with the exception of their very public kiss that morning, to keep PDA to a minimum in school.   Handholding and an arm around the shoulder or waist was fine, full on make out sessions and rutting was not.
"Sam, you have a really good grasp of this," said Castiel when Sam had finished explaining.   "The error is not with your calculations."
“Er, hey Cas,” Dean stammered out.   “That’s a good look on you.   I was right about the blue, for your hair.”
“Do you think it was your True Mate?” said Gabriel quietly. “Did he say anything?”
“Well, you are very welcome here. I’m Mrs Frampton, but everyone calls me Ma,” Ma said with authority. “Now, Castiel tells me you haven’t eaten this evening. So, you two go up and get yourselves sorted, and I will bring you up some hot chocolate and sandwiches.”
Dean would like to say it was Cas’s smile that first caught Dean’s attention, but it would be a lie.   Everything about him had taken Dean’s breath away.   The bluest eyes that Dean had ever seen; the soft five o’clock shadow that softened the angular jaw; the soft plump lips that looked chapped but weren’t; the messy dark hair that looked like someone had been running their hands through it, giving that ‘just fucked’ appearance; the strong arms that were wrapped around Dean’s chest, preventing Cas from falling off Dean’s lap; the powerful thighs that were braced against Dean’s, rubbing against Dean’s half chubbed dick; or the simply horrible jumper that Cas was wearing.   It was bright yellow and black stripes with a bee motif saying ‘Bee Yourself’.    It was simply the ugliest jumper Dean had ever seen, wrapped around the most gorgeous man.
“My apologies. This,” Castiel said, squeezing Dean’s hand, “is rather new to me.”
"Good morning Dean," rumbled the body next to him.
“Sam’s been a bit on edge all evening, but he didn’t say anything to give me cause for concern,” said Castiel.
Castiel goes on his dates.  Dean helps another stranded motorist.
“Shit, you are,” said Dean shocked.
“Hello Dean.”
From Dean, Monday 12.20pm.            nope. Not going nr that one.
Castiel lowered his eyes, staring at his feet.    "Sorry, but I couldn't help but overhear your conversation.   I can take a look if you like.  At your homework.  I did advanced calculus, I might be able to assist."
Gabriel said nothing.  Uriel had made a statement, not asked a question.
When he returned to their room, Castiel was sitting on the edge of the bed, his own washbag in his hand.   “Um, teeth,” said Castiel, going into the bathroom and locking the door.
Lying together shoulder to shoulder, their hands intertwined, facing the open sky, Cas started to point out the various constellations and planets to Dean, who listened enraptured by the gentle deep bass of Cas's voice rumbling through his chest.
“Is he OK?  What’s the message?” said Gabriel frantically.
Cas was well aware of Dean's strength, and his own, and knew well enough that if Dean wanted to, he could quickly release himself. But it appeared that Dean was happy to let have his way at the moment, submitting to Cas's actions. He thrust hard against Dean, their cocks sliding together between them. As he expected Dean started to curse, a long line of, "fuck", "hell", "yes", "please" and a few "need"'s soon had Cas hard again.
“He got lucky you arrived.  But you shouldn’t have had a knife,” said Gordon evilly.  “Now we gotta take that into account.”
The man lifted his visor fully now, and for the first time Dean got a glimpse of incredible crystal clear blue eyes. “You’d do that for a stranger?”
"69," said Castiel.  On seeing the raised eyebrow of Dean in the rear view mirror he added, "Gabe thought it was funny."
thinking?”
Castiel was annoyed to be proved wrong when a Police Office turned up the school with a request to search Castiel’s locker.   The Officer claimed they had received a tip off that he was selling drugs at school.   This time Principal Talbot was more careful, especially when Castiel asked to call his lawyer.  Technically they didn’t need a warrant, as it was school grounds and school property.  Of course, Castiel took them to his ‘new’ locker, which contained all his property, and the search turned up nothing.    The Officer looked disappointed and left.
“Yeah,” confirmed Dean looking directly at Gabriel.  “Dad’s made it clear we’re leaving town.”
“You were with him last night, weren’t you?” said John finally.   He’d seen the smile, and the difference in Dean whenever Castiel was mentioned.
Glad he hadn’t kept the gun now, Dean removed his jacket and laid it on the trunk of the Impala.    He then untucked his shirt and T-shirt, lifted them to show his torso and completed a slow turn to reveal his back to show Alistair he didn’t have anything concealed.  “Like what you see?” Dean quipped before returning to face forward.
Carefully Dean pulled the elasticated waist band at the front, pulling the cum soaked cloth away from Castiel’s now soft cock.  Ensuring the material didn’t drag over the sensitive head or make any further mess on Castiel, Dean eased the boxers down his legs and Castiel stepped out one foot at a time.   Dean was at eye level with Castiel’s groin at this point and got his first up close and personal look at Castiel in all his naked glory.  Dean was correct in his previous assessment, Castiel was generously proportioned.    Dean’s own cock responded appreciatively at the sight in front of him, despite its recent release.
As if soothing a frighten animal, Castiel slowly ran his hand up Dean’s arm.  He took hold of the Dean’s wrist and carefully pulled it away, placing it on the pillow above Dean’s head, revealing his face.  “Never hide yourself Dean. You shine with a radiance that should never be concealed.”
“Well, I can bloody well feel them,” said Dean irritably.
Sheriff Mills agreed she would return in the next couple of days to take statements, and offered to drop Benny home, and he accepted gratefully.  Benny managed to slip the unused gun back to Gabriel, without the Sheriff seeing.
Sam grinned and slapped him on the back, as he left the kitchen. "I would definitely say sex with Cas qualifies as that. May I suggest you go to your room, and read that privately. I think you may need a while to absorb it."
“Dean, I’d like to put a cannula in. Just in case we need to give you something. Better to do it now rather than in a rush later,” said Missouri.
When Castiel returned he was back in his sweatshirt and joggers.   He was also carrying a couple of foam yoga mats.   Sam helped Dean lay out the mats on the grass, and they both began to stretch their arms and legs to warm up the muscles.   Castiel did a few cautious yoga stretches, mindful of not pulling too much on his ribs.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s head whipped up to look at his father’s side profile.  That wasn’t what Dean had expected to hear.   John was staring straight ahead, looking at the bottles behind the bar, not at Dean.   The emotion behind John’s statement caught Dean off guard.    “Dad, I….” Dean choked a little.
Gabriel sighed, accepting everything Dean said.  “I guess we’ll have to see how things pan out then Dean-o.”
“Nah.  I’ve done a bit of football, but I was more into wrestling when I was younger. I do some boxing and High Intensity stuff when I have to with my Dad,” said Dean watching Castiel pull on his hoodie.  “I just felt the need to get out this morning and stretch my legs.”
Castiel looked confused.   “You didn’t make me do anything.”  He ran his hand through his hair tousling it further.  “You don’t understand.   I have money.  It’s not a problem.
“Hey, calm down there Alpha,” said Gabriel placatingly. “I’m just checking here.”
Thanks everyone for all your lovely comments.   I am truly humbled by the reactions to this story.
A shop assistant had spotted them early on when the entered the store.  Sensing a big sale like a shark smells blood, he approached the boys with a friendly but amused expression.   “Hi, I’m Noah.   Can I be of assistance?” he asked politely, immediately assessing that Dean was in charge of this situation.
While he waited for Castiel to reappear from the bathroom, he drew the curtains to block the anticipated morning sunlight and looked around the room.  He still couldn’t believe that Castiel had gone to so much trouble.  The room didn’t smell damp or have an odd stain on the ceiling, the furniture was good quality and comfortable, and the carpet didn’t have worn patches or suspicious marks, the art works were originals and there wasn’t a speck of dust anywhere.   It is so unlike anywhere Dean has ever stayed before, he felt like he was sullying the room by his mere presence.  The room must cost at least five times the normal rate of the motels he’d stayed at with his Dad and Sam.   As Dean pulled back the bed covers, he discovered the bed linen to be soft and immaculately clean.
Castiel blushed, “She did. But it’s rather embarrassing.”
Dean drew a breath to say something, but was beaten by Castiel saying, “Yes, isn’t it,” in his deepest voice stepping in behind Dean, his chest flush against Dean’s back.  “I’m so lucky to have such an amazing boyfriend,” he said as he slipped one arm around Dean’s waist, his other arm across over Dean’s shoulder and across his chest possessively, placing a gentle kiss at the back of Dean’s neck before raising his head to look at her.
“I’ve been trying to speak to you all week,” said Dean, choosing to ignore the part where Castiel was asking to him leave.
"Always."
Dean smiled back.  “You still look like shit, but better than last night.”
Slowly, as though he was afraid he might spook a frightened animal, Cas turned slightly and then lowered himself to kiss Dean lightly and then slightly more passionately. Dean reached up and gently tugged on the back of Cas's head to draw him closer, before suddenly pushing Cas down onto his back and taking the initiative by physically rolling onto him, continuing and deepening the kiss. Dean kissed down Cas's neck and begun to bite and suck on the sensitive areas of Cas's exposed throat. He paid particular attention to the soft area over the carotid artery in Cas's neck, loving the inarticulate sounds that Cas made as at first he gently and then more insistently marked his lover.
Gabriel sniggered.  “Oh my God Cassie, you are so naïve.”   He threw both necklaces to Dean, who caught them and looked at the tags.
Gabriel was about to re-enter the lounge, and had paused at the door, catching the end of the discussion.   He caught Dean’s eye, put a finger to his lips and gave an evil smile.   Crossing his hands at his wrists, he made a small flapping motion with his hands.
Dean pulled back.   “Tell me you understand this Cas?   Tell me I wasn’t wrong.  That you feel the same way?”
After all the formalities were complete, John thanked the Sheriff, and they all headed home, dropping Benny and Lee at their homes.
Benny was already on his phone, calling for an ambulance, when he heard sirens in the distance.
“He told me to tell you he was sorry,” she said in a whisper next to him. “He left this.”
They sat through the rest of the meal in relative silence, only Sam asking Gabriel questions about his time in California keeping the conversation going.
Dropping the note back on the bed, Castiel threw himself out the room and sprinted down the stairs. He could see Ma standing at the open front door and he almost knocked her over in his haste to see if Dean’s car was still there. He stumbled off the porch, ignoring the sharp stabs of gravel in his bare feet.
“Go ahead.”
Dean laughed, “Assbutt?   That’s your best insult?”
Castiel’s eyes flew open, and he panted out a single exclamation of “Dean!” as his hips thrust up to meet Deans, and he came in long white streaks over Dean’s hand and his own chest.
Taking advantage of a moment of alone time, Dean quickly removed a bottle of lube and some condoms from his washbag and keeping an eye on the bathroom door, dropped them into the top drawer of the bedside cabinet.  He wanted them within easy reach, but not on display.
Cas could see the confusion on Dean's face, Dean still wasn't getting it. "Dean, may I kiss you?" he asked, his voice if anything deeper than usual.
“Shut up,” said Dean embarrassed, and started the car.  “Perhaps he didn’t want an audience.”
Pulling back slightly, Cas turned and indicated his doppelgänger.  “Dean.   This is my brother Jimmy.  Jimmy Novak.  My twin.”
“Shit.”  Another pause. “Yeah.  I have a gun, 9mm I think.”
“I bet,” said Dean relieved. “So, you’ll be in school tomorrow.”
Realising that he wasn’t prepared to fight with Dean over this, Castiel nodded in acquiescence. He wasn’t quite sure how they had reached this point so soon, but he realised he would already do anything Dean asked of him. With a soft smile at Dean, he turned back to Sam, “I stand corrected. With your agreement Alpha, could we three meet to discuss my courtship of your brother?”
“You OK?” said Lee, taking in Dean’s appearance.
When Dean had gone back into the cabin, after speaking to Alistair, he’d slipped into his boots and grabbed his jacket and shotgun.  He’d then hit speed dial to Lee to let him know Alistair had arrived.   Dean hadn’t known exactly where Lee had been waiting with the Sheriff, but he had wanted to get as much as he could from Alistair before he called for back up, in case they arrived sooner than he expected.   When Dean realised that they had tied the door closed, he used the trap door to drop beneath the cabin and roll out unseen into the surrounding vegetation before Alistair had started the fire.    He’d circled around the cabin towards the pathway, to block Alistair’s means of escape.
Dean meets Gabriel.  But not under the best circumstances.
I know I keep saying this, but thank you so much to everyone for their lovely comments, predictions and kudos on this story.    Some of you are way to clever - or I am really obvious!
“Hello there. I’m Alexis, one of the nurses on duty tonight. Is this your Alpha? Do you want him to stay with you?” Alexis asked, slightly intimidated by Sam’s tall stature.
From Castiel, Sunday 6.56pm.             For the next two weeks yes.  But the Friday these exams are over – all bets are off.   I’m planning a surprise.
Dean glanced down at the book still in his hands.  He thumbed through the pages with a sense of ease, quickly spotting the name he was looking for.   Feeling his face flush, Dean stood up and turned to the class.   “Rebecca was the first wife of Maximillian De Winter.   She’s dead, but the hold she has over her husband, and the whole household is powerful.  She’s not a ghost in the story, but it’s like her influence over everyone continues regardless, to threaten them all.”
It was an enticing thought, but Dean had responsibilities for Sam as well.   Dean would love to have invited Castiel to spend time at the trailer, but there was no way that a good idea with its bunk beds and paper-thin walls.  Gabriel may have a point, as neither Dean nor Cas were particularly quiet in bed.
“Does it look like I don’t want to?” Castiel rasped.
"Yes."
Dean shook his head. “Listen. Don’t let the Lafitte’s get him. You take him and run. Find Charlie, she’ll help you.”
“And you and Cas….”
But Dean didn’t pull away, he stood stunned that this amazing, beautiful creature wanted him. Dean took a deep breath and stepped forward, bringing his arms up to pull Cas closer to him. This time Dean kissed Cas, allowing Cas entry to his mouth. Dean moved his hands down Cas’s back and across the curve of his arse. Cas moaned and pressed harder against Dean.
Dean understood immediately.  “That’s OK, you don’t have to share if you don’t want.  Angel.”
“I asked him whether he wanted to go Night Fishing with me over at Clinton Lake, but he said he had other plans.  Apparently he’s borrowing a friend’s cabin for the night up on Archer Road, and I quote, ‘planning a private party for two’,” said Lee.  “I didn’t ask for further details.”
Once they had loaded everything in the boot of the Impala, Dean leant against the car, and stared appraisingly at Castiel, enjoying seeing Castiel behave differently than before.
“I’ve never seen you without your clothes on, so I don’t know if you also have freckle next to your nipple,” said Dean cautiously.  He saw Cas blush.  “Oh, you do?”
“Guys, I think we should take this back to the bar,” said Sam breaking the tension.   “There’re people that actually want to use the rest room.”
“Like I got hit by a truck.”
“Well I have you all checked in. We’ve got you in the Polo room, up on the 3
Dean hoped it would go straight to voice mail, but he wasn’t that lucky, John answered on the 2
A small follow up to the main story.
Laughing Jon indicates to his partner. “That’s what I said to my hubby Brad here on my first and second, but this is our third.” Jon broke off as a contraction hit. Brad started rubbing Jon’s back to comfort him.
Not able to confirm or deny anything, Castiel just nodded and turned back to Gabriel who was back in the truck.
“I can make it,” said Dean firmly.
“Neat trick,” said Gabriel.   He cocked an eyebrow at Dean, “that everything?”
Dean played with a loose thread on the blanket trying to think of how to put into words something he hadn’t fully analysed himself.  “I offered to be his friend because it looked like he needed one.   And he didn’t even want that.”  Dean hesitated, “You know Sam and I will be leaving soon.   Dad said we’d be here til school finishes, and then we’re gonna hit the road again.  I didn’t want to start something… I mean… I thought I could just be his friend you know, and it wouldn’t hurt so much when I left.”
Soon they were both hard, and Dean could feel Castiel against him.  “May I take you again, Angel?” Dean asked as he stroked his hand across Castiel’s chest, deliberately brushing against Castiel’s nipples.
“Playroom,” said Gabriel.   “Dean, you have got to tell me what’s happening?”
"Please…. I need…" Dean whimpered. "I can't …. I can't ….. CASTIEL!" Dean exploded, his vision hazing over into a white fog, his balls tightening and released uncontrollably, his essence flooding into Cas's mouth over and over. His knees gave way, and he would have ended up on the ground if Cas had not the presence of mind to brace and support him. Dean knew he hadn't passed out, but for a moment he was so stunned he couldn't speak.
Focusing back on the road in front of him, Dean drove slowly for several miles. Castiel remained silent, allowing Dean to concentrate. The weather was still pounding the car, and Dean was getting concerned they hadn’t seen any other vehicles. Dean indicated to the radio.	“Do you think you can see if you can get a news channel, or traffic report?”
"Did you want something Dean?", said Cas pausing, and looking at him directly.
“Have you seen you?” said Castiel quietly.   “I want to kiss you so much.”
“Is that bad?”
Dean instinctively put his hands over his bump. “You want to inject Jack?”
“Nah.   I’m not going to be difficult about it.  Besides, I want to be as sober as a judge for later,” said Dean with a wink.
Rolling off Sam, Dean sprang to his feet, and offered his hand to pull Sam up from the ground.
Dean grinned.  “That’s so hot.”   He continued thrusting, deliberately going slowly.  He could feel Castiel beginning to push back against him.    “Tell me Angel.  Tell me what you need.”
Cas grinned, "has anyone ever told you, you have a dirty mouth?" He blushed slightly, "I like it."
“No Dean,” said Castiel modestly.  “I think this looks great.”
Dean tugged Castiel by the hand, pulling him off balance, and into the centre of the bed, before quickly straddling his waist.  “We still have a few hours here before we have to head out,” said Dean running his hands over Castiel’s chest.   “I don’t know about you, but I’d really like to make use of the that time, and maybe see exactly how flexible all that yoga has made you.”
“Yes, Sir.”  Sam grabbed his bag and went outside.
Trying to keep track of everything happening in the room was too much effort for Dean. He thought he should at least know who some of these people were, but he was overwhelmed.
Feeling both physically and emotionally drained, Dean looked down at Castiel, whose whole face seemed to be wearing an expression of dopey love.   His blue eyes hazy with satisfaction.
Castiel’s house was the closest, and regretfully Dean knew he’d have to drop him off first.
"Stop being so defeatist," ordered Sam bluntly. "OK. I can't believe I am going to do this – but it sounds like you need it." Sam picked up his iPad, and spent a minute looking up some details. Finally he handed the iPad over to Dean, who took it warily. "These are some 'factual' websites. I'm gonna stress this point - You should not look at porn for this."
Zar held his hand out to shake Dean’s again.   “Balthazar Roche, known as Zar to only my closest friends.”
Dean nodded slowly returning his gaze.
Castiel found the whole thing rather embarrassing but allowed Dean to fuss.   At one-point Benny almost died laughing as Dean knelt at Castiel’s feet to retie the lace on Castiel’s sneaker, because it was loose.  Castiel raised a single eyebrow and cheekily coughed “sub” at Dean with smile.  Dean smacked Castiel’s good leg in response.
Sam returned with a cup of sweet milky tea, which Gabriel handed to Castiel with a couple of white tablets.  “They are just pain meds, Cassie.  The ones the Doctor gave you when you strained your shoulder.”
“I like your Alpha-ness. It’s just right for me.” said Dean honestly. “Perhaps it will offset my own non Omega-ness.”
“I’m here Dean.”
Dean passed various items to Gabriel as he worked.  Sam sat quietly on a chair by the window, watching as Castiel was treated.
The female Omega was now pacing up and down the ward, her Alpha supporting her. She kept throwing dirty glances at Dean, as though she was afraid he was going to take her mate. Dean tried to turn on his side, to look at the window rather than watch her pace and scowl at him.
With the utmost caution he approached the area of movement, checking around him frequently in case of ambush. The trees created a natural screen, but he could see a humanoid shape moving slowly in the open space on the shoreline, behind the trees.
“You saved me then too,” said Castiel.   “I think you are making this a habit.”
Dean’s eyes went wide.  “I have no idea what you said, but that was sexy.”
Dean threw Sam his phone, "Find it on maps, and tell me which way Sam."    But Dean started the car and started headed northwards anyway.
“Thank you,” Dean said quietly.
Castiel tried to gather his thoughts. “I got the feeling that he was neglected. Maybe by others, maybe he was neglecting himself. Not abused though, at least not recently. But more like he was abandoned or alone. Like he was carrying a great burden.” Castiel paused. “I’m not sure how to explain it,” said Castiel eventually. “It was like we had a connection at a deep level. You know me, Gabe, my Alpha is not something that comes out often. But last night, I felt something I never had before. For the first time, I wanted an Omega. I thought he could be my Omega.”
It hadn’t taken Alistair and his goons long to find the cabin.   It was situated a little ways off the main road, in a small break in the trees.   Dean’s car was parked in a layby about 100 yards from the property, which was only accessible on foot.  From the outside it looked like it was mainly a single room dwelling, with a small addition at the side, that was a bathroom.  As was common of properties in the area, it had a couple of steps that led up to a porch that stretched across the front of the cabin.  The bulk of the building being raised off the ground, to prevent damp from affecting all the timbers.   The cabin’s windows were illuminated from inside, but were obscured by curtains, preventing anyone looking in.   The metal chimney stack emitted a steady stream of smoke indicating a wood burning stove was in use.   Unfortunately, the cabin itself had seen better days.   It looked worn out and tired, despite the glow from the window.
Glancing around the room to check for anything he might have left behind, Dean spotted a notepad and pen on the bedside cabinet. He bit his lip thoughtfully. He couldn’t just walk away without saying something. Grabbing the pen, he quickly scribbled a note.
“Thanks Sammy.”
Dean suddenly realised what Cas meant and blushed. “OK. We can still…..”
It took Dean less than seven minutes to get to Gabe’s house.  On arrival, he hammered on the door, yelling for Gabriel.
For what felt like the first time in a long while, Castiel smiled.   “I’m glad you like it.”
He was surprised to find Gabriel already standing at the door, his smile wide and welcoming.   Gabriel indicated that Dean should follow him into the kitchen.    “Cassie’s upstairs.   I thought it might be good if you and I had a chat first,” said Gabriel, taking a seat on one the bar stools and indicated for Dean to sit on one the kitchen chairs.  The obvious height difference made Dean uneasy.
"Yes Dean. I 'need' you too."
“I don’t mind, but you work here. You don’t need a reputation for Alpha aggression,” said Dean.
“Sam and I will be fine.  You’ve watched out for Sam long enough.  You’re a good man Dean, and you deserve a good man.  You need to be here to see if Castiel is that for you.  I’ve spoken to Gabe.  Made arrangements.  I’m only ever a phone call away,” John said with a melancholy smile.
The teacher walked into the room at that point, and everyone settled, except Jesse who kept shooting Benny dirty looks.  Benny tried to look at Castiel, but Castiel kept his eyes down, and shoulders hunched, withdrawing into himself, trying to hide in a room of people.
Very slightly breathless, Castiel just nodded.
Dean didn’t know what would happen tomorrow.  But this was good.  It felt right and he wouldn’t change it for the world.
There had been a lot more discussions between them, as they sat together. They knew they had a lot to talk through. Dean confessed that he had refused to sign the maintenance allowance documents, which vexed Castiel. But he quickly calmed down when Dean suggested that when Dean moved in, Castiel should put it into a joint account instead, for them to use as housekeeping. Castiel had countered that by saying he would just add Dean to his existing account, giving his access to whatever he would need without having to ask for it. Dean had never doubted Castiel’s kindness or generosity, but that had stunned him. The immediate trust Castiel had in Dean. Dean had huffed against Castiel’s neck, and muttered something about being a ‘kept Omega’. Castiel kissed him gently on the top of his head, and said that it was entirely up to Dean whether he continued to work at the coffee shop, or gave it up to stay at home with Jack.
“Filming?” said Sam excitedly, “Are you an actor?  Will I have seen you in anything?”
Sure enough, about five minutes into the chase, he heard a small cry and a moan directly in front of him.  Alistair had realised his mistake of trying to run through the dense forest and had decided to try to make it to the road.   But he hadn’t allowed for the drainage ditch alongside and had fallen awkwardly as he had tried to escape.    He was howling on the floor gripping his ankle as Dean approached.
“That’s because you don’t,” said Cas in a voice at least an octave higher than normal.
The injustice of the situation burned in Dean and fueled his desire to put an end to the campaign against Castiel.
The warm water continued to cascade over him, running in rivulets down his chest and on to Cas. Dean looked down, to see Cas kneeling at his feet, Cas's face intently focused on Dean's own face, as Cas remove the towel, the only covering separating them. Dean couldn't help himself, he swore loudly and fluently, as Cas gently sponged away the soap covering him, before kissing his way down from his taught and muscular stomach to the base of his cock. "Holy fucking Hell Cas." He swore again. "Please don't say you learned that from the Pizza man!"
“Gabriel!” barked Castiel angrily. A strong smell of burning filled the air, indicating Castiel’s displeasure.
It was too early to sleep, so Dean sat up and encouraged Castiel to lie down with his head resting on his thigh, whilst Dean gently carded his hand through Castiel’s hair, and drew aimless patterns on Castiel’s arm with his fingertips.   Dean found it very relaxing and let his mind drift.
“You don’t have to do that,” said Dean.
They kept up a steady stream of inconsequential chatter, with Castiel giving the occasional directional prompt.  Soon Lawrence was in the rear view mirror, and Dean relaxed, Castiel’s hand resting against his leg comfortably.  After about 40 minutes, and sooner than Dean expected, Castiel indicated the next turning on the right.   Dean pulled in and saw a sign for the ‘Circle S Ranch and Country House’.
“Are you sure,” asked Dean.
“Does Cas….”
Dean tried to sound bored. “You done now?” He rounded the back of the car casually as though this was an everyday occurrence for him.  He rested his butt on the rear quarter panel and shrugged.  “OK.  You have me.  I’m here.   Show me Cas.”
Dean turned to Noah.   “We may be a while.”
“It’s a good looking body,” said Dean, then realised exactly how that sounded. “I mean, it seems to be in good shape. Good proportions. OK, I’ll stop talking now.” He blushed.
