Without thinking, regardless of the worried looks of the two friends next to him, John brought the scarf to his face and almost immediately closed his eyes when a smell he believed lost forever invaded his nostrils.
-Why is that? I had to quickly adapt to the "news" and come to terms with the knowledge that my life will never be the same again.
At that question, John rolled his eyes upwards and closed the bag with a sharp movement, thus showing all his frustration.
-Baby Girl, we've already made this conversation: if you want your baby to be healthy and strong, you must take vitamins.
At those words the mouthful of chicken Tikka Masala went down the wrong pipe, making John cough several times, even after getting rid of the foreign body, in the grip of an unusual embarrassment.
Mycroft downplayed his thanks with a quick gesture of his hand, aware that everything he had done to help John Watson had been done in the best interests of his brother.
For a few moments the only noise heard in the living room was Hamish's noisy suck, until Sherlock returned to lay his eyes on Molly.
Instinctively, as soon as Sherlock’s long arms tightened around John's waist, bringing the doctor feet back to the ground, the detective began to respond to the kiss, following John's slightly dry lips, licking John’s lower lip with the tip of his tongue and nibbling the soft skin with his teeth and, creeping into John’s mouth as soon as John opened his lips.
Since interrupting the phone call with Greg that morning, he had turned off his cell phone, well aware that Sherlock would storm his number with texts to get his attention and force him to talk.
-Yes, you are right. After John left, Sherlock became practically useless, so I had to spend the day and much of the evening looking for clues...As I said, a hellish day- said again Greg.
Sherlock took the few steps that separated them and stood before John, his hands on both arms, his gaze fixed in his.
Since his return the detective had not missed an opportunity to torment him with his demands, which had brought back a sense of normalcy in his life, but until now Greg had proved adamant: Sherlock Holmes would no longer cooperate with Scotland Yard.
They had arrived in front of the apartment door and this allowed Jack to look his friend in the face, pretending to be surprised.
Sherlock, clearly too lost in his own thoughts and jealousy to notice any difference, slightly tilted his head to the right, as if he were considering John's words.
Sherlock slowly walked the short distance that separated him from the house and looked around, storing in his Mind Palace all the changes that had occurred and all that remained the same in those three years.
He had spent most of those days at home, leaving the flat only when Molly informed him of a perfect corpse for one of his "crazy" experiments, allowing him to escape from the weird atmosphere that seemed to have taken hold of Baker Street.
A definitive break-up, just as he would have suggested if the matter had not concerned him personally.
He approached the sink and, after passing a hand on the steam-covered mirror, allowed himself a long look at his own reflected image.
For once, Greg had agreed with his superiors, sharing the decision to exclude the consultancy from the crime scenes or homicide section, to prevent the entire MET from finding itself again implicated in the detective's problems as it happened three years earlier.
The first thing that caught Emma's attention when they entered the museum, after a short wait in the front garden, was the skeleton of the dinosaur placed in the center hall.
The doctor cleared his throat and turned around, deliberately ignoring Sally's amused smile or the incredulous expression in Anderson's eyes, turning back to Sherlock.
Also, it's a date so you have to choose a restaurant where no one owes you a favor and then you'll have to pay the bill- Greg added.
He had done so when he had looked him in the eye and pretended to believe his lie, and he had done so again when he turned to her during his absence.
"You promise me that you will take care of her?" she asked, with a mature voice that contradicted her young age.
I like Emma, she's smart and clever as she showed me from the deal she proposed to me; I also know you and I knew that despite your initial grievances you would end up helping Jack and this would leave me alone at lunch with my mother, Mycroft and Lestrade out of town probably for the whole day.
There were still some issues that required his attention or his signature, but they were not urgent problems, so he had placed in his briefcase the laptop and the most urgent reports, had turned off the little light on the desk and had approached the hanger to retrieve his coat and umbrella, when he heard a slight blow on the door.
John had done everything he could to get on with his life, the new life he had reinvented for himself to avoid succumbing to pain, and only Sherlock's constant presence on the living room couch reminded him that something had really changed.
Sherlock followed him, clearly annoyed by his last sentence and stopped him, grasping John’s left arm.
The living room floor and coffee table not far from the sofa, usually hidden by newspapers and piles of Scotland Yard  files, had become Hamish's playing territory, with much of the walking ground covered with soft and noisy toys that amused the child whenever his attention was focused on them.
"If it was up to you, I would be forced into a boring homelife" he replied, before procuring a second dish and filling it with a much lower serving of food.
You can't stand the idea that someone else is replacing you, that I might be interested in someone else" said John, unable to hide his disbelief.
-Okay, but that doesn't explain why you showed up here late at night... Shouldn't you be with Prince Harry? he asked his friend, deliberately mocking him.
On the other hand, he could try to swallow his pride and accept that child... After all, little Hamish had no fault, he did not ask to have for mother one of the most petty and elusive persons in the world.
John make to ask more information, but two strong blows were struck on the door of their apartment, followed by a firm and secure voice.
Sherlock look at his brother closely, looking for information that might help him, and after a few moments, he shook his head.
Without saying anything else, Sherlock placed the violin in its case again and walked to his room, blocked by John's voice.
Then maybe it's time to tell you that when I got back to London my therapist diagnosed me with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder-confessed John.
"I promise I'll explain everything to you, or at least everything I know, but now I need to be alone with Sherlock for five minutes" she said.
Tightening his robe around his body, John walked to the entrance and smiled at the elderly woman, who in return put a slight kiss on his cheek.
-I don't understand why you have to be daddy- Sherlock said, reopening a discussion they had had several times in the last few days.
John passed his hand through his short blond hair and remained a few seconds in silence, before raising an equally furious look at the detective.
Anyway, I agree with you: people have always made innuendos about us, the guys at the Yard have started betting again since your return, so if they have to keep talking let’s give them a reason – John added with a amused smile on his face.
"Is that all you've managed to scrape together in these years?" he asked, trying not to give importance to the hot, sour feeling that had awakened in his stomach because of the last photograph.
-My brother is called Mycroft- Sherlock started explaining without giving John time to ask something else- So my parents when I was born gave me a simple and boring name hoping to make things easy for me-
When you two were together there was a harmony, an intimacy that only two ideal lovers have; I noticed it too despite my unhealthy crush for you! -she added.
Sherlock nodded, observing how the man's face instantly calmed himself at the mere certainty of walking away from that room and the talk they would have.
The chances of him showing up at Harry's house were minimal: a forced cohabitation would do nothing but bring their differences to the surface again.
He went back to look at the little girl still next to him and realized that she was going to ask him another question.
At those words Greg frowned slightly before seeing them as yet another proof of his partner's insecurity.
Soon the cab stopped in front of the black door and, as John walked out to open the door, the detective stood back a few moments to pay for the ride, quickly wondering what would happen once they arrived at their apartment.
Almost shunning those words, John sat on the edge of the bed, realizing for the first time the sticky evidence still vaguely evident on his stomach and, recovering his own dressing gown, walked to the door with the frosted glass that connected Sherlock's bedroom to the bathroom.
The two brothers stared for a few moments, gazing into each other's faces to read as much information as possible: in that very short period of time, Sherlock was able to find out that Lestrade had not returned home the previous evening, preferring to stay at the police station, that the problem visible on the inspector's face was absent on his brother's face, giving him reason to believe that, although he was aware that there was something strange, he had not yet managed to understand what it was; that the news of Hamish had caught him by surprise too, but at the same time, Mycroft was curious to make the acquaintance of the new member of the Holmes family.
It’s John’s turn- Mycroft said entering the hall and settling down, blending in perfectly with the environment.
Sherlock Holmes was an analytical man, always convinced that his intelligence was his greatest asset, resigned to a life of solitude with his Work.
Sherlock was a volcano of passion hidden under a facade of calmness and indifference, capable of leaving you breathless with a single glance or with a touch.
The detective gave him a hard look, trying to hide his embarrassment inside his usual mask of indifference.
Inevitably, the thought returned to the conversation he had with Irene and the woman's complaints, further broadening his smile, turning it almost into a creepy grin.
-My brother has no feelings... - commented Sherlock, standing up and settling Hamish, fast asleep, in his wicker basket, giving the other man time to come to terms with that new information and to make the next link.
We both know that 75% of families who choose adoption prefer a child under the age of two, so the child will not stay in the system for long, but as soon as she has found a foster family you and Baby Girl will be unbearable and devastated by regret and sorrow.
The woman looked behind the red armchair on which John sat, clearly lost in her thoughts, and the doctor decided to remain silent and leave her time to recover.
-I'm hurt John. I was convinced that in spite of everything we could become friends, considering that now we play in the same team-
Despite not wanting to interrupt that intimacy that had been created, Sherlock sat down, needing to observe John's face and his reactions.
What was the point, in the light of those novelties, of coming back into his life and upsetting him again?
Greg sighed, at the same time frustrated and confused: why did he suddenly feel the call of fatherhood?
Sherlock's unexpected question led the other three to turn around and look to the corner where the man had retired after carefully observing the ultrasound.
Coming home had always seemed to him a return to his childhood, to his mother's affection and excessive attentions and to the good-natured smile and the ready and  never malicious  humor of his father, the hours passed in front of the driveway of the house on his second-hand bike to learn how to ride it without the small safety wheels.
Trying to clear his mind of those troublesome thoughts, John shoved his earbuds into his ears and turned up the volume of the iPod to the maximum, choosing the loudest song, certain that it would leave him with a headache and unable to concentrate.
-Oh really?- Sherlock asked, his voice dripping with sarcasm. -I might be a man who has no knowledge of the rules of dating, but even I can see the flaws in your reasoning!- Sherlock retorted.
- If you want to enjoy the unconditional attention of the journalists, you're free to do it, but I'm out!
Although he had tried to get angry with the detective for the constant presence in his life and mind, he knew perfectly well that he could not blame anyone other than himself.
-The first time I was a kid, I was 15 years old and like everyone I believed that I had found the love of my life and that we would be together forever.
Slowly John opened his eyes, instantly meeting Sherlock's and ended the kiss, dissolving the tangle that he and the detective had created in less than a minute.
After a short cab ride, that left them in Northumberland Street, the trio found themselves in front of the restaurant.
John dropped the card to the ground, and  for an instant looked around, as if he were a hunted animal looking for an escape route.
He was aware that those words were strong, that they would probably hurt the black-haired man, but that didn't make them any less true: he had fought hard to find a balance and stability in his life after Sherlock’s death and he had no intention of seeing everything collapse just because of Sherlock.
But you're here and, as you said so eloquently, we're Sherlock and John" he said as if those few words were enough to explain his presence there.
-Oh God... Sherlock- John murmured in a hoarse voice, moving his head to meet Sherlock’s full lips again.
It wasn't hard to see why those words bothered him so much: he had three years to come to terms with his feelings.
In a single elegant move, Sherlock rose from the couch and made his way to the bathroom, opening the door more and then stealing a look inside and immediately encountering the little girl's gaze.
" I don’t think it's necessary to remind you that my return to the world of the living must remain among the three of us," he said.
Sherlock smiled back and looked up at the woman: she had changed too in the eighteen months he had been away.
Personally, Sherlock wouldn't waste a minute of his precious time with that little girl, but it was clear that Emma represented something important to John, so he would try to be civil.
-You suffered a shock during your last workout at the gym, no later than last night, probably kick boxing, and now you have problems in your left leg, although you are trying in every way not to let it show, favoring the right leg.
"I don't think I'll ever be able to put into words the love I have for my little girl" she began, feeling John's watchful eye on herself.
Almost without realizing it, he stood up and, without his cane, took a few tentative steps around the room, feeling on himself the worried gaze of his friends.
The Minister of the Internal Affairs had a series of meetings with his Danish counterpart and I was assigned as his bodyguard- Jack confessed.
And almost aware of the inferno that was stirring inside him, Sherlock found John's eyes waiting for him, as affectionate and warm as ever, despite the slight concern they let out.
He was just making two cups of tea and at the same time checking the food content of their refrigerator, when two arms wrapped around his waist causing him to jolt.
Slightly clearing his voice, John leaned back toward his own half of the table, raising his own glass and bringing it to his lips for a quick sip, managing to catch Sherlock's triumphant smile with the tail of his eye.
We both know that you were thinking of adopting the baby even before the last ultrasound, and I have already expressed then the reasons that led you to consider that option and frankly I would like to avoid repeating them again-Sherlock said to him without malice.
At that moment Angelo approached their table with their orders, ending that awkward speech and the unexpected thoughts that had occupied Sherlock's mind and bringing the conversation back to a more light-hearted level.
Mycroft had to think the same way given the way he had thinned his lips in a clear sign of disapproval and took a deep breath.
For the first time since returning home, Sherlock thought back on that day when he stood on the roof ledge of Barts Hospital looking down at John for the last time before launching himself into the void and leaving behind everything important in his life.
If his relationship with John had evolved further Sherlock would not have been able to let him go: no more uncertainty, no more languid glances from unmarried women desperate for a man, and no more areas of shadow.
-I studied them during my childhood... I was close to finding out the motives of their disappearance-answered the man moving slowly towards the living room.
"Good morning" he said, hinting at a bigger smile "Are you hungry?" he asked Sherlock at a very small distance from Sherlock's face.
-I didn't know it was your fault. So what did you want to know? -he asked before taking a piece from the first cookie and bringing it to his mouth.
If I were to rate his performance I'd say he deserves a 6, and I'm been generous- Irene said before a mischievous smile was painted on her painted lips- But I'm sure he'd give his best with you-
-Would you rather wheeze on the side of the road because of a punctured lung?- John asked him in his firm voice that he used whenever Sherlock behaved in a childish manner.
The expression on Gregory's face was awkward, hesitant, as if he were afraid to say the wrong thing, but in the next photo Gregory and the boy walked away together, exiting six minutes later from an alley.
-Which one? Sarah, who had the worst date of her life with me and who was the first to understand the true nature of my feelings towards you? Or Jeanette who told me that you and I would be happy together? -he asked him, clearly amused.
"At least she would learn to make her own bed" she joked "I'll call you tonight! Have fun today!" she added.
Once again, the doctor took control of the situation; moving again in the embrace, he moved his lips to his left ear.
Sherlock reciprocated his gaze for a few seconds and gave only a quick glance at the outstretched hand the man had offered him.
"Listen, I promise to come back as soon as possible" John said, sinking a hand into Sherlock’s disheveled hair. - So maybe we can resume our conversation...-he added, bending down to put a kiss on the man's forehead.
Quickly counting the plates, John gave a quick glance at Sherlock who seemed immersed in his world, staring at the wallpaper in front of him and the fingers of both hands joined under his chin and, mechanically approached the cabinet to take another plate.
“I'm busy... I don’t know whether to write my initials on your neck with bites or hickeys” he said, meeting Sherlock’s gaze again, now completely different as if his eyes were liquid mercury and smiled.
The doctor stood on the sidelines, waiting for the right moment to approach the corpse, and only when he saw Anderson and the forensic team leave decided to come forward.
Sherlock entered the hall and stood motionless by the door, his gaze fixed toward the stage, where John was approaching the stand.
Two suits were neatly hung on crutches and various shirts were folded into one of the shelves below, clearly fresh from tailoring, next to underwear; but what caught his eye was his coat.
Sherlock took another deep breath and put his eyes back on his mother's face, which, despite the affable smile plastered to her lips, was still disheartened by his behavior.
-Second, I demand that you and Dr. Watson come to the Mansion today, where your brother and his partner will join us for lunch.
The text of the following day made him think for a long time, leading him to listen again to the song Sherlock had sent him, isolating himself on the entire journey back to Aldershot, listening in sequence all of the three songs that the detective had sent him.
You with your absurd experiments fundamental to the progress of science, me with my post-traumatic stress and my bad temper.
"Obviously” the detective simple answered, trying to bring his attention back to the roommate, despite the thousand questions that crowded into his mind looking for answers about John's clothes and person.
Two men with our responsibilities, with the risks that our work entails, can't really get carried off with this absurdity of having a family.
It's always been hard for me to talk about my feelings, even when my love for you is obvious, at least according to our friends- John said cautiously.
"Probably" he said, dropping himself on the couch, placing his legs on John's thighs. - Why are you listening to it?- he asked.
"Thank you" said John for the second time that day, sincerely happy for the presence of the man next to him and in his life.
If you want to excuse me, now I really have to go: in your "justified" and absurd jealousy, you threw out back on the street a boy with two broken ribs and high risk of lung puncture and since I do not want to have his death on my conscience, I absolutely must find him- Greg said to him turning around again and taking the house keys from the little bowl where he had abandoned them just before.
-I think you're right- Sherlock said before ending their hug and standing up. - I'll send a text to Mycroft to send someone to rearrange your room- he added.
-No excuses! Your mother hasn't seen you in three years, with a brief interlude in which she thought you were dead before Mycroft reassured her, so now you're going to open the door and be quiet while she scolds you, because that's what a good son does... Even those with an out-of-the-ordinary intelligence like you- concluded John by walking away from the kitchen table and closing his dressing gown that had opened slightly.
The trio watched in silence as Rory was catapulted into 1930s New York and contacted the 'fantastic' River Song, making Emma jump on the couch in excitement.
Leaving Hamish with John had been a gamble: reckless, clearly improvised, but at that moment his instincts had prompted him to take the risk, as few other times in his life.
My mother died seven years ago, while my father is a retired cook who still lives in the old family home.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" asked the doctor again, trying to play all his cards to the best of his ability to impress Sherlock's mother.
Hide in the back of the room as your brother always does- said the older man, turning his back to him again.
His name had been uttered countless times by Sherlock, but never in such a low tone and with such an obvious longing in his voice; a few times John had felt so desired, and for a moment he was afraid he would not live up to expectations.
Did he want Sherlock to behave as usual, ignoring the changes that had taken place in recent weeks, or did he unconsciously want the detective to reopen the argument so that they could finally find a solution?
"I've been told several times that I'm not an easy person to live with" he said, taking a fork of his own dessert in turn.
If the situation had been different, Sherlock would have had no difficulty in pointing to sex as the most suitable choice: he could be completely naked on John's bed waiting for John return, maybe make some sassy comments and the rest would have been easy... But probably if he did so now, given their situation, John would have closed the door of the room to "give him some privacy" despite his excitement would have been obvious.
That small insignificant gesture made by Sherlock, a man who refused to take his cell phone even when it was in his jacket pocket, made John understand how frightened the man was at the idea of seeing their relationship end, by the prospect of seeing John leave, or being separated from him, the only person able to tolerate  understand and love him, even for just one night.
It was clear that he did not expect such a proposal from Emma, nor that the detective was so comfortable with the little girl, so Sherlock preferred to remain silent.
The next moment he opened the door and stood out in the hallway, a hand in his disheveled hair as his legs carried him downstairs.
The detective shook his head, distancing himself from those unpleasant thoughts that despite the years he had never been able to completely erase.
Sherlock remained silent for a few moments, pushing almost unconsciously against John's hand still placed in his hair, for it to resume the caresses.
After the phone call with Mrs. Hudson, John threw himself into his work, showing his affable and loving side to every patient who set foot in his  office, even managing to exchange some joke with a 13-year-old boy embarrassed by an overly apprehensive mother.
Sherlock remained silent, weaving his long fingers at the height of his stomach, in an unusual but hopeful pose that he hoped would convey confidence.
Tuesday morning, an unknown bed, a stranger body next to him, the imperative to leave the apartment without making noise to avoid unnecessary dramas and spare himself promises that, inevitably, he would not keep.
Mycroft gave him a small and awkward smile and took off his coat and shoes, placing them neatly at the entrance alongside the briefcase.
The man had always had light sleep and, as a consequence of the last three years, was able to wake up even because of the slightest change around him.
He, Sherlock Holmes, who had learned since childhood not to need anyone, not even his own family, felt lost without an ordinary middle-aged man.
John saved him from the indecision and moved into his embrace to be face-to-face with the detective, a knowing smile on his lips, before approaching his ear again.
From the beginning Sherlock was fascinated by the calm and peaceful appearance of the doctor under whom lurked a violent stream, ready to explode at the first sign of danger.
He understood why Mycroft had disappeared so early that morning and could not be reach in any way, leaving it to Anthea to filter out his phone calls.
"I don't want to talk about it" he said, walking away from his mother "To be honest, I'd come to see you this week" he added, standing up and walking away from the table.
Recent developments have shown that the more time John has to think about what happened, the more time he will analyzed the situation, making comparisons, and the greater his doubts and recriminations will be-answered the detective.
Despite not being the first sexual experience of his life, Irene was different from his previous “partners” ... After all, she had always been different.
It was his father who confronted him when his problem with narcotics had become impossible to ignore and John was sure that it was also his father that had texted Sherlock the night of his meeting at Anonymous Addicted.
Emma nodded content with the response, replying to his smile, before disappearing again under the water.
John looked up to Emma and smiled, amused by the dinosaur-shaped hat that the little girl had on her head and which she proudly sported.
-That’s true, but this isn't a potentially interesting murder. It's something that will completely change our lives and I want you to tell me- Sherlock said it serious.
John glanced at the detective who, in a gesture of frustration, had lay down on the couch, his back turned to the living room.
"You don't believe me, do you?" he asked, his gaze fixed on the man on the other side of the desk staring at him silently for a few moments.
I was really horrible to you and for a while I seriously considered call Mycroft and tell him of my meeting with Irene so he could track her down.
He needed an enemy, someone to blame, otherwise that sudden reappearance wouldn't make sense and he would really start to fear for his mental health.
"Ah, let's see" said John, looking at the watch he had on his right wrist - It's lunchtime, I think it's best to look for a restaurant- he said.
Determined and detached as only his "colleagues" of work had seen him so far, the British official crossed the threshold of the apartment he shared with his partner in Marylbone.
Still intoxicated with the pleasure he had just experienced, Sherlock recovered marginally from the tide of emotion that had run over him and with his arms wrapped around John's shoulders, their bodies pressed tight in every possible way, his forehead against John’s left shoulder and his face slightly hidden from John’s sight.
Did Sherlock really believed that John would have shunned him for the rest of their life if the child hadn't been there?
You can sift through every corner or sheet of this house and you won't find a trace of that boy's sperm.
-A few days ago, she almost fainted... If I hadn't been there, she would have fallen to the ground passed out- meddled Boss.
Baby Girl, I know it's not pleasant to hear it and even less to think about it, but you have to start considering your options, having in mind what is best for her and not what you would like.
Several times the doctor had wondered in those days how Sherlock was dealing with the many changes that occurred during last week, how he was adapting to life with Hamish, if he had already succumbed to one of his absurd whims when the child had reacted in an unexpected way, if he was eating and sleeping enough, but those worries were not enough to convince him to return to Baker Street.
John would have had all the time in the world... He had stolen three years of his life, the only thing he could offer him was time.
-Yeah right, I forget. We poor mere mortals cannot hope to attract the attention of a crime genius or a Dominatrix-
Despite being aware of your plan, I missed you terribly every day during your absence-she said approaching the man.
Frustrated, John sighed as he leaned forward on the table until he rested both forearms on top of it.
Greg nodded and for a few seconds stood motionless, not far from the window, not knowing what to do or say, until Sherlock freed him again from the weight of that choice.
When the waiter walked away again, Sherlock looked up at the blonde man, clearly reading his emotions on his face and hinting a smile, feeling slightly more confident.
-Oh Sherlock...- John rubbed a cheek against the black curls, his nostrils flooded with the scent of the expensive shampoo that the detective used every day.
At the sound of the unknown voice, John moved his head around the room, staring at the young boy sitting on the couch.
An incredulous expression instantly appeared on Molly's face as the woman sat in a stiffer position on the sofa, as if it had been her posture that made him discover her secret.
When the doctor finally opened his eyes, a satisfied smile appeared on his lips as soon as he met Sherlock's gaze.
He looked around for an instant, until he found a blanket neatly folded on the back of an armchair and, balancing Hamish between one arm and the other, stretched it out on the carpet of the living room, then placed the child on his tummy.
No one had adapted to him and his hectic life as easily and without complaints as Gregory had done, becoming in a short time indispensable.
John looked up from the volume on his legs and glanced at his roommate, obviously immersed in his own work, forcing him to stand up and quickly descend the stairs to the front door.
A full and sincere laugh rumbled through the empty rooms, leading John to lower his head, as if he were ashamed of his own laughter.
-Why do you call him "Uncle" John? He's not really your uncle- the detective asked, genuinely curious about that "anomaly."
The Gothic church in front of him was in the dark, the gate closed by a heavy chain and a padlock that the detective could have opened without any problems.
"Do you have time for a cup of tea?" John asked, unable to forget good manners even in that situation.
The limousine stopped and giving a quick glance at the view outside the window, Mycroft saw the silhouette of their house: the lights in the living room were on, confirming Gregory's presence inside.
"Believe me there's nothing that interests me less, but since we are going to work together again, I need your attention to be focused solely on work and not on silly sentimental problems- answered the detective.
Sherlock remained silent for a few moments, wondering whether to use simpler words or tell her the truth in his direct and raw way.
It wasn’t the first time that he was labeled the bad guy, and after all, it was the label that hurt him the least, but is it possible that people always needed a scapegoat?
John laughed pleased for a few moments, unable to see himself as one of those aristocratic snobs who crowded the "Diogenes" club.
John responded to the kiss with the same tenderness, but let the passion quickly take over, stroking his boyfriend’s lip with the tip of his tongue, nibbling on Sherlock’s lower lip, until Sherlock opened his lips under his, leaving him full control over the kiss, allowing John to dip his tongue into his mouth and leading both of them in a dance of which they were still learning the steps and which kept them busy for a long time, until the need for air forced them to separate.
-It certainly wasn't my main goal to make him scream someone else's name, furthermore a man, every time he orgasmed thanks to me.
-As far as I'm concerned, you can move here if it will make your life easier-said Jack getting up from the couch and taking his laptop from the desk not far away.
-I told him everything that happened during these three years, why doesn't he want to do me the same courtesy? I thought he understood the reasons that kept me away-asked Sherlock, again trying to find a logical meaning to that speech.
-I think so. But why was Alison half out of bed? -he asked, giving voice to his last doubt, determined to ignore what had just happened between the two men.
He understood from the muscle contraction in the man's jaw that even this time the question would not be answered.
-I think your ideas are terribly interesting, but maybe it's better to wait for Hamish to be asleep- John commented.
Was it my absence that made your work so poor? -he asked him, knowing that it would infuriate his roommate more.
-Do you see all those people who are walking down the street? They are all going home after a day's work; fifty per cent of them will find a spouse waiting for them, twenty per cent a partner, ten per cent a roommate and another ten per cent a pet and the rest just an empty apartment.
Everything could be said about John Watson, except that he was not a correct person and, despite their history and all the problems they had at the time, Sherlock was his roommate and had to be made aware of any changes who might cause an alteration in his lifestyle.
This time it was Greg who raised his eyes to the sky, but let the sarcastic comment slide, letting the room fall silent.
John still perfectly remembered the endless violin sessions, the sad, tear-jerking notes the detective had pulled out of the instrument.
-I started with a few joints to calm my frantic thoughts, but soon some "friends" pointed out to me that there were other drugs that would give me the same effect but with a longer length.
-Look, John will make his decision, but in the meantime, you have to give him his space: try not to text him, don’t go back to his father’s house, nor to the clinic... Take care of Hamish and try to build a relationship with him.
-Well, then we have a problem: don't you think it's better if you call the owner? - suggested the detective.
"How come a fine analyst of the human soul is reduced to hustling?" he asked, trying not to sound too sarcastic.
-Okay… As you know I only went back to Baker Street a few days ago- he started, getting in response a nod- What you don't know is that before I came back, we had one of our typical fights where we yell at each other.
-All right. You have no idea how happy I am to see you... You are a vision for my tired eyes- Greg said once their kiss was over, taking his companion's hand and guiding him to the living room.
The next moment he was in the man's personal space and his lips rested light on Mycroft's to show his love and to reassure himself that it was not a hallucination.
And now that wonderful man before him, this man who he had been on the verge of losing so many times that Sherlock had stopped counting them, had just exercised a right of ownership over him that Sherlock was very happy to grant him.
As expected, eight minutes later they were on the street and, for once, it was Sherlock who had to follow John's quick and safe footsteps, among the inevitable weekend tourists and couples with children who, despite the cold day, had decided for a family outing.
Sherlock had never had the slightest doubt that John would be an exceptional father, but he had estimated that a longer period of adjustment would be necessary, but he had to think again.
-If you're scared, I can be your personal guard and drive away all the bad guys-said Emma looking at Sherlock.
-How about Dad? I can see you as Dad- he then commented, moving his head slightly to meet the man's ice-blue eyes.
Upon his return to England, Sherlock had appeared in his life and death and destruction had been supplanted by police sirens, chemical explosions and gunshots fired to save their lives or to escape boredom.
Sherlock remained silent, observing the man in front of him who once again, just under his gaze, had turned into something completely different, totally alien to the John he had known and loved for years.
-To prevent the family from implementing the plan to have an abortion, she left home and started living on the street.
I want your hands stroking my hair while you're watching television, I want your mouth in so many ways that I don't even know where to start, I want people to see your smile but be the only one who knows what caused it.
It was only when they arrived at the front door that John turned and pointed his ocean-blue eyes at his friend, wanting to know how long Greg had known the boy, how deep their knowledge was
It had been a few years since he had last danced, but they had always told him it was like riding a bike: impossible to forget.
The man’s clothes were well kept, clearly ironed the day before, a slight hint of beard began to be seen on his cheeks and at first glance there was no evident sign of injections, but John was aware that those could hide in the most unexpected places.
Accepting Hamish, however, would have meant accepting Sherlock's betrayal and not the betrayal of their newborn couple, but of his trust and the bond of friendship that had united them from the beginning.
John sincerely hoped that that press conference would have a positive outcome, bringing back to the man the private cases that would distract him from the constant buzz of his mind.
Tea?- John said as he approached the electric teapot and automatically started preparing breakfast for both of them.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow, slightly confused, but determined to take advantage of John's unexpected tolerance to gain some further advantage in their relationship.
Without giving a glance to the older man, Greg looked at the young man and smiled; as if he had just received a coded message, the red-haired boy walked away from the younger one, walking to the corner of the street, an eye on them and another looking for possible customers.
- Hey darling! -greeted her with an affectionate smile, then bending down to receive a kiss on the cheek.
"I understand your reticence John, probably if I found out that Gregory has a son from a previous relationship, I'd break up our association in an instant" the British official said.
"I know I should have talked to you about it earlier, while you were still abroad, but in my defense I can only say that I thought I had more time to gather my courage and talk to you about what had happened- Greg continued.
John returned to look at the package: it was simple, wrapped in brown paper with transparent scotch,  but what it struck him was the handwriting with which his name had been written.
When I started my career, I realized that Sherlock would attract my clients much more than my real name- Sherlock confessed.
The clinic had begun to come alive at the end of their phone call and, after saying goodbye to his sister, John had set out to work, visiting the various patients assigned to him.
His room was always the first door at the top of the stairs, right next to Harry's and to the right of the bathroom; a few feet away, just down the hall was his parents' room.
He lit a cigarette, trying to make order in his thoughts, and it was then that he saw it: abandoned on the ground a few steps from himself, lay John's cane.
And honestly it's something I'd like to avoid if there's anything I can do to prevent it-concluded Sherlock with the same confident voice as ever.
John approached the man and with the typical attention of inexperience, he closed his arms around Hamish's body and pulled him against himself approaching the empty chair in front of Mycroft.
-Father? -proposed John, casting a glance at Hamish to make sure the child had not run away to the kitchen taking advantage of his distraction.
He had done his part several times, he had tried to put the pieces back together so many times that at the end of that fantastic relationship that had brought him back to life after his return from Afghanistan there were only crumbs left.
John stopped in the middle of the dancefloor, well in sight, but at the same time hidden by the stares of others and for a few moments, it was clear in the tension of the shoulders and in the stiff back his embarrassment to be right there with Sherlock.
The sound of heavy footsteps on the stairs had driven him away from his thoughts, leading him to raise his eyes just as John's figure appeared in the living room.
He closed the door behind him and dropped the military bag next to his desk before throwing himself face down on the bed.
-Today Emma and I were supposed to spend the day together: Mary is busy with a Japanese delegation and had given me an extra day to be with Emma; we had planned all day, but I was called back to work...-explained the man.
- A child needs her mother, it doesn’t matter if she has a few hours or six months or six years, and we both know how much you love this little girl and how many sacrifices you made for her.
John scolded himself for the image that his brain instantly sent back to him, reminding him of the feeling he had tried caressing those cheekbones, yielding to a repressed desire for too long, the sense of protection and security he had felt when  those strong arms had hugged him... giving him the feeling that there was no other place in the world where he should be.
-Check under the bed and you will surely find the poison vial: after the kiss, she must have realized that something was wrong, she made to take the bottle, but probably the poison had already had an effect on her coordination causing her to spill the bottle on the floor- meddled Sherlock.
The wristwatch he had received as a gift from his father for his 21st birthday and which he wore only on a few special occasions.
"As far as I'm concerned, the baby is healthy, but you know perfectly well that I would feel more confident if I could do an ultrasound" John told Boss.
He remained silent, letting his gaze wander through the kitchen, posing on the photo of the famous Jack; Mrs. Hudson followed him gaze and laughed merrily.
Sherlock pressed his lips on each other, trying to curb the question that threatened to leave, but failed to do so.
The doctor raised his head and thus met the ice-blue gaze of the other man, staring at him for a few moments in silence, before licking his lower lip unconsciously.
With quick steps Greg stepped out of the bedroom again, overtaking Mycroft again in the doorway, before suddenly turning to the man.
"You don't know" said Irene, "But if I know Mycroft at least a little, I know that he has already done everything in his power to prevent Hamish from being taking away from the Holmes family”.
But fortunately, when Sherlock's perfect, naked body had presented itself to his eyes, John had regained self-awareness, making him realize that that intimacy, Sherlock’s eyes that were staring back at him completely honest and even slightly frightened by the intensity of his feelings, was a gift too big and important to be wasted in a gesture of retaliation towards The Woman.
John fell against the nearest wall, sitting on the gray pavement, slightly covered with leaves, his legs folded at his chest.
It had been his idea that date and throughout the day he had planned everything for the evening to be sure everything will be perfect, but there was always a slight chance that something could go wrong compromising further their relationship.
The door opened instantly, while still the sound rang in the foyer, leading John to raise his head slightly to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Before the visits began, he had made a quick phone call to Mrs. Hudson to make sure that she was okay and that nothing had happened during his absence.
A battle was about to begin and Mycroft Holmes needed all the information he could get about his rival.
"I gave him twenty-four hours, how much longer does he need?" asked Sherlock, too forcefully waving the bottle so as not to let go of one of his angry outbursts.
For fifteen minutes Sherlock settled down by the stained-glass windows, explaining to Hamish the main characteristics of the gorillas, everything he knew about their habits, careless of the crowd around him who tried to observe the animals while throwing at him curious glances hearing Sherlock speak so eloquently to such a small child.
Actually, finding him there was a surprise since usually something as boring as an ultrasound would not entertain Sherlock for more than five seconds.
True to his promise, Sherlock took only ten minutes to get dressed, and when he stepped out of his bedroom, he was impeccable as usual with a white shirt, buttons invariably stretched on his chest, and a pair of black trousers that put an emphasis on his narrow hips and long legs.
"I'd rather avoid it, given the time and the fact that I haven't finished breakfast yet" John said, but moved his plate away to the center of the table.
Clinging to the scarf like it was his only lifeline, John rested his head against his friend's right shoulder as a broken sigh escaped from his slightly open lips.
I wanted to be in a punk rock band, like the Sex Pistols- he confessed, remembering that naive childhood dream.
As far as I'm concerned, I consider myself lucky- John said, an insistent look fixed on the detective's face.
The scene that until a few moments before had led him to smile now caused a fire that corroded the walls of his stomach.
"We are all aware of your deductive superiority, but I also have my skills, otherwise why do you think I ran here to lecture you?" Greg asked.
“Have you ever been to the National History Museum? "she asked him as they followed the crowd moving through the underground tunnel that connected the subway with the various museums.
-Of course, not... They come from the Bart’s Hospital morgue: corpses donated to science and a pathologist friend of mine occasionally lets me kindly take away with me some parts that might serve me for an experiment- he explained to him.
A wonderwall is somebody you can always lean on, no matter what you need, they are always there for you"
Two eyes followed him closely, studying his every move, probably cataloguing all the information he could read in his posture or from what he could see of his face.
An annoying question kept running in his mind when analyzing the new friendship between John and Donovan: how was it possible that the doctor had managed to forgive Donovan and seemed incapable of forgiving him, which he had repeatedly claimed to be his "best friend"?
-Are you still talking about Baby Girl or is it finally time to talk about us? – asked Sherlock, regardless of the venomous tone of the blonde.
-Well now that we are done with the boring pleasantries... It’s obvious that you need something, and that this favor is about Emma, otherwise she wouldn't be here...- meddled Sherlock, clearly bored.
Everyone told me that I had to take back my life, that I could not go on like that, and the amphetamines seemed to work: they kept me alert and focused, leaving me  awake even for days, but each time the need for "normality" became too strong and I returned to using sedatives- narrated John.
-Please don't start talking about feelings! If I wanted the feeling talk, I'd have stayed home and watched soap operas with Mrs. Hudson! - interrupted Sherlock, his own work completely abandoned on the table in front of him.
After the horrific scene witnessed by half of Scotland Yard's investigation team, Greg Lestrade could only send Sherlock away from the crime scene as the man would not be of any help to them in his agitated state.
And just as the detective had predicted a few moments earlier, those few words took on new meaning and completely changed the lives of the three men in the apartment.
Clutching the scarf in one hand, he cautiously took it between his fingers, as if he were afraid that it might vanish under his eyes if he moved too quickly.
Her mother called the ambulance just in time: she heard some strange noises from her daughter's room and went up to check on them- Greg said.
-If I remember correctly, you've already done it... With all your ex-girlfriends- he pointed out by raising an eyebrow in a cheeky manner.
It has been a long and painful journey, but if it was the only way to get here with you then I would do it again- Sherlock said, slightly embarrassed by the husky tone of his voice and the clear sentiment in it.
When the two women had separated, contrary to the common convention, John sided with Clara, using his intercontinental phone call a week during the first few months to prove to her that despite being in the middle of the desert he was on her side during the messy divorce and  that he still loved her.
He had even brought some empty boxes for his things... Then a couple of days later he told me that he had changed his mind and that he had decided to stay.
Clearly annoyed, Sherlock freed the sweater from his grasp and took a few steps back, letting a frustrated groan slip through his slightly open lips.
Moving slowly, Sherlock approached the window and settled on the inner ledge as he had so often done before, observing the city that moved outside the four walls of his apartment.
In that simple word was contained all the fear that Sherlock always hide behind his mask: fear of not being adequate, of loneliness, but above all of being rejected after opening his heart for the first time in twenty years.
-Single. Apparently the members of the Spec. Ops. are more likely to have a career if they do not have emotional baggage.
Without realizing it, he found himself with his back against the kitchen counter, his arms crossed at chest height and his gaze fixed on Sherlock's, still clearly incredulous with what was going on.
Standing up, Sherlock settled in his own chair, his legs in a graceful pose and for an instant wondered whether to take the violin in his hands and torture Mycroft with awkward and annoying sounds, but then remembered that Hamish was asleep and changed his mind.
-I don't understand what's so hard. It's pretty obvious what the back is and what the front is - commented the detective, causing the young woman to giggle.
That feeling had haunted him all morning, despite trying to get rid of it with some bad coffee and a couple of cigarettes.
John moved into the man’s arms, his shoulder slipping slightly against Sherlock's armpit and his chest pressed against the side of the detective, a hand slowly stroking the nape of Sherlock’s neck, some curls weaving between his fingers.
For two hours John followed Sherlock and Hamish around the Zoo, listening to the detective's detailed explanations and laughing several times as a child for the animal imitations Sherlock did with the purpose of making Hamish laugh.
He had managed to fall asleep around two o'clock at night, slipping into confused and almost imperceptible dreams that had left no trace of themselves when he woke up.
-I know that at first glance Sherlock does not give the impression of the extroverted and sociable person, but it has not always been like this.
"I wish I could tell you that it was a nightmare, but I want to be honest: while you were away I slept with many different men and, considering our work, I am convinced that it was bound to happen to come across one of them sooner or later” he commented, trying to find a logical explanation for the fight of the day before.
-Are you telling me that I’m wrong? That this child's appearance and John's disappearance are not connected? -the inspector asked him.
"Tell me something about yourself" he said, remembering what he had read in the many articles on the internet.
So, I'll leave you some time to think about the best solution to my problem- he commented with a small smile.
-Then we're going to sit at this desk again, have a long conversation, and together we're going to decide.
He turned away from those thoughts and dropped the bag next to the couch, meeting his father's gaze again.
Those few words, or perhaps the tone of his voice, were enough to push Sherlock off the cliff: Sherlock stiffened, his face wonderful in its ecstasy, his internal muscles tightened around John a moment before Sherlock screamed his name in a broken voice and came over John’s hand and stomach.
Once again, Emma's voice made its way through his thoughts, bringing his attention back to the little girl.
Actually, if I'm honest I couldn't think of anything else, but I decided it was better to let it go- Greg said sincere.
"How can we break up if I don't even know if we're still together?" John asked, looking up at his friend.
A chill of pleasure run down the detective's back, an automatic reaction that only John's compliments could provoke; trying to maintain control over his own body, Sherlock merely hinted a smile and brought a hand closer to the center of the table in the hope that John would mimic his action soon.
That morning, he had also made a phone call to Harry to remind her of the date they had that week, getting reassurance from her sister of her presence.
-His name is Robert, he works with Special Operations, and we met by chance during a seminar a few months ago- she confessed.
But John had never wanted anyone but Sherlock; all the others were just a pale imitation unable to entice his attention for more than a couple of hours.
John stayed back in the apartment a few moments more,  unsure whether to try one last time to change his partner's mind or follow the children and Greg downstairs.
He passed a hand on his jaw, feeling under his fingers the bristles of a day, considering for a moment whether to shave or not, then deciding in favor.
As always, when it came to Sherlock Holmes, he had to think again... And now once again he was lost.
"Let us hurry or we will miss the beginning" he said as he walked down the street that lined the right side of the church.
John's lips left kisses down Sherlock’s cheeks, on his high and sharp cheekbones, only partially aware of Sherlock's hands under his sweater and his shirt stroking the slightly stretched skin of his abdomen, his face hidden in the hollow between the shoulder and neck, where a curious tongue and sharp teeth were leaving their mark.
-If seeing John with someone else other than me or Greg, a real rival, doesn't bother you, I promise I won't say another word on the subject anymore and let you live your friendship as you wish- said Jack, sticking both hands in the pockets of your jacket.
John's fingers moved lightly around Sherlock’s entrance, gently pressing and testing its resistance, while capturing Sherlock's lower lip and gently sucking it, trying to distract the detective from that painful passage.
John smiled again and then moved around the room, picking up his wallet (as if Sherlock would let him pay!) and his phone, before turning to him.
And despite years gone by, it was still hard for John not to vent his anger on that idiotic, smug face.
I always imagined this moment while you were away and, believe me, there is nothing I would like more than to make love with you, but with every attention you have I wonder if she taught you, I continue to make comparisons...-
The two children hugged him one last time and then ran away, following Uncle Greg out the door, walking down the steps with Hamish running ahead and Hope with extreme caution holding Greg’s hand.
Instantly recomposing his armor, Sherlock erased any trace of disturbance from his face, and with a fluid and elegant move he stood up, leaving his plate half full on the table, moving toward the living room.
Greg paused and stood still for a few moments, fighting the impulse to punch him in front of his subordinates.
The next moment the door leading to Molly's office opened and the woman appeared; both Sherlock and Dimmock turned towards her and Sherlock barely had time to notice Molly's new haircut that she threw her arms around his neck, surprising herself and the two men.
"And the other homeless people will help me" she added, clearly trying to convince herself more than the detective.
For a moment he wondered why he was wasting his time in that cup of tea, aware that it would never be like what John prepared for him, and therefore undrinkable.
-Why the music? -he asked again after a few moments, trying to control a pleased groan at the effect that John's nimble fingers in his hair provoked.
Moving quickly, Greg grabbed his overcoat from the chair in front of his desk, put it on and walked out of his office, heading for the elevators heedless of Donovan's voice calling his name behind him, his cell phone back against his ear looking for someone who could give him some explanation.
Snuggling up in the fetal position, John tried to clear his mind of those unanswered questions and stared at the wall for a few moments before closing his eyes again, one last thought running through his mind.
He hasn't changed anything about your apartment... Sure he added some new appliances, but all your personal belongings are still there, even that stupid skull on the fireplace- she added with a smile which the man also joined.
The last time he had picked up such a small baby was when he was a child as well, when at the age of seven his mother had brought Sherlock home from the hospital and they had meet for the first time; he still remembered the fear of holding such a small bundle in his plump arms, fearing that he might hurt him in any way, even involuntarily.
John took a long sip from his cup, sure Hamish wouldn't let go of the bottle, letting the man get lost in his thoughts for a few moments before asking him the question that was tormenting him since the previous morning.
-You knew I was alive when you slept with her. Use your huge brain and draw your conclusions-commented John.
From his protected position, Greg looked around and checked that everything was still like it was in the morning, making sure no one had climbed over the cordon to snoop around, ruining the work of forensics.
-Of course, you are! Otherwise how would you explain all this pain and sorrow? -asked the other man.
Waking up quickly from dreamland, John moved into bed, moving the numb shoulder muscles that fiercely protested for the excessive exertions of the night before and that made him moan softly.
Sherlock moved quickly into the living room, approaching the door, grabbing his own coat and John's.
-I've always wondered what is hidden under all those layers of wool and cotton. After all, there must be a reason why they call him "Three Continents John Watson”-she replied.
John looked at her surprised and in response the woman shrugged, bringing her attention back to Jack.
After all, I too live here- Mycroft answered him while a long and elegant hand closed the file on his knees.
-Has there been anything unsual in the last few weeks? - asked John professionally, pointing the light into the girl's right and then left eye.
Baby Girl made to speak, a distressed expression on her face, but John shook her head gently, giving her a reassuring smile.
-Yes, you are! You're sulking  and you have no reason for it- John commented, checking in the mirror above the fireplace that his shirt was in order.
The super-technological and certainly traceable even offshore mobile phone, the clearly expensive shirts, almost as expensive as Mycroft's, and as if that weren't enough there was your reticence anytime someone approach you every time we went out together.
Once again, the silence descended on the road, broken only by the chatter that came from the shed not far away.
Robert Dimmock merely nodded before taking the last steps that separated him from the door and out of the morgue.
At the time those words, despite being the result of the experience, had not been of much help, but now John found himself reflecting again on that speech: Sherlock was alive.
He knew that the man was surrounded by capable and competent people (Anthea in the first place) who would give their lives to prevent something from happening to the British official, but Greg was never completely serene until Mycroft was home again.
Greg sighed and shook his head, well aware that Anderson's insinuations were not so far from reality.
-I don't believe in fate. I don't like the idea of leaving my life in the hands of an unknown entity-
Before she became homeless, she was one of those high society girls who have no other aspirations than to marry a pompous and boring idiot of their own social class-started John.
For a few moments he stared at the black stone in front of him, before taking a long deep breath: he had come here because he needed to talk to his mother, to tell her what was going on in his life, he could not hold back now that came the most difficult part of the story.
He felt the blood throbbing in his ears and was only slightly aware that his chest was moving jerkily.
John's laughter echoed through the room, leading Sherlock to look away from the bow of his violin that moved gently between his fingers just in time to observe the doctor leaning towards Hamish and kissing gently the baby's nose, leading Hamish to laugh happy, eyes lit up by delight.
"Shut up!" scolded Molly, before resuming the speech- You were aware, thanks to your huge brain, that it wouldn't be easy, but you were convinced that things would settle down once John got rid of his own anger...-
"So, we have to pretend that you just needed to spend time at home, see dad and all that bullshit?" retorted Harry clearly unconvinced.
"Was it the need to do your part for Queen and the country that made you join the Army?" asked the detective, never turning his gaze away from the blonde man’s face.
-But you have been busy too. When I left you and Sherlock just got together, ready for a sex marathon and instead I come back to find you on the verge of a nervous breakdown and with a baby.
John did not let him finish his speech, bringing a hand to Sherlock’s neck and pulling him closer for a kiss that encapsulated all his passion and those feelings that he still could not express.
Judging by the coat John was wearing, it was supposed to be a coffee break while working, but Sherlock ruled out that the two were colleagues, noting the lack of the white coat on the other man replaced by a leather jacket.
"Mycroft wants me to take care of him" he said without taking his eyes off the baby, now voraciously sucking.
He had found someone with whom he had more in common and had shifted his loyalty to someone more deserving.
Your instructor tried to intervene by spraying dry ice on your leg, then bandaged it, as evidenced by the slight swelling at the height of your left thigh.
-So, you can undress each other with your eyes every other day, but you're going to keep pretending to be friends? – Jack asked with sarcasm in his voice.
Emma dropped it into the donation box next to the skeleton and smiled, clearly satisfied with herself.
The two men continued to walk in silence until they reached Albert Bridge, one of the few English bridges whose passage was reserved exclusively for pedestrians and public transport.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you, chasing criminals, raising our children, and letting you take care of my bruises and wounds while you complain every time for my recklessness- Sherlock continued  getting a smile from John.
And the fact that he left the hospital issued iron crutch with a walking stick meant that he had now given up on that physical deficit, that he was no longer trying to fight that psychosomatic disease.
John couldn't help but wonder what Sherlock would do to win over a man or a woman: the detective was certainly not the type to bring chocolates and flowers but John was convinced that with a physique like Sherlock, with a sharp and lightning-fast intelligence like his, the man had never had any problems with his admirers.
Greg stood by the entrance cabinet and partially turned to him, an equally suffering expression on his face.
Christ Sherlock, did you call the press conference without warning him? - he said in a tone of reproach.
Emma's gaze was still fixed on his face when, clutching her fingers around his right sleeve, she pulled him down towards her to place a kiss on his right cheek, leaving Sherlock in disbelief.
It had been easy to piece together the pieces of the puzzle: he was aware of Greg's bisexuality by the end of his marriage, thanks  to one of their alcoholic evenings, then there had been The Fall and months of total darkness in which he had failed to even remember his name,  much  less the world around him.
-So, I was thinking that if it's not a problem for you, we can spend Saturday together and maybe she can stay with you-
John left his sandwich half eaten on the desk and was silent for few moments, gathering his thoughts, going back to everything that had happened between him and Sherlock in the last weeks, searching for the right words and meeting his friend gaze only when he felt really ready to face that conversation.
Maybe we could take his things to the room upstairs and I could move my things down here- John said slightly worried.
Before he could move down to his abdomen, Sherlock gripped his blond hair and forced John to look at his face, making him gasp for a moment at the sight of a lustful Sherlock.
John swallowed, a hand frantically searching for the lubricant, and met the ice blue gaze of the other man.
-Of course... If you need anything I'll be in the kitchen- the older man announced before leaving the room with Hamish.
A slight pout arched downwards Sherlock’s lips, before following John's example and re-attached his slim belt to his waist, closing his dressing gown, moving toward the door of the apartment.
I know it's a petty and selfish thing to say, but I can't...- he commented by interrupting again and taking a long sip from his own bottle, trying to control his own confused emotions.
The need for air forced the two men to separate, leading John to caress the skin from the jaw to the ear with his teeth, lips and tongue, turning Sherlock into a shaking mess.
First of all, the next time you feel the need to stage your death, if you really believe that I can be of no help, the least you can do is inform me, so that I will not spend my days crying for my son’s death-she said allowing Sherlock a few seconds  to make objections and receiving a nod of assent in return.
I'm really happy that our children inherited his wisdom and ingenuity...-she said as if it were a thought more for herself than for John-He was a data analyst at the Park during World War II...-
If he pulled back now, after the first attempt, Sherlock would have closed up like a hedgehog and ceased all attempts and brought their relationship back on a purely working level and John would have regretted that missed opportunity for the rest of his life.
That situation had to be resolved as soon as possible and the way Sherlock saw it sooner that child was gone from Baker Street, greater the chances of being forgiven by John were.
"It’s up to you, honey: do you want to bother your landlady with my reproaches and your attempts to justify your behavior?" she asked in a calm voice.
-I thought it was best to come earlier to do a little revision... It’s been a few years since I last had to do an ultrasound- confessed John, hands behind his back in a military pose that always put him at ease in difficult situations.
The little girl was also blonde, with a high ponytail that collected her hair, blue eyes that at that moment seemed to want to read inside him to find the answer to her own question, and comfortable clothes to accommodate a day out, presumably around for museums if what he had heard just before was the truth.
There were so many questions that still couldn't be answered: what did take John away from home every Tuesday night?
The detective did not open his eyes even when John turned and laid his eyes on him, clearly undecided whether to say anything or leave in silence.
The moment the man's lips closed around the cake, a satisfied and erotic to the point of being almost sinful moan broke the silence between them, increasing Sherlock’s heartbeats.
What should I do after dinner? Do I have to invite him somewhere else or do I have to call a cab and go straight home? -he explained.
- And when we’ll be too old, we'll retire in  our cottage in Surrey where we can continue to be two grumpy old men that people will look at suspiciously for our past and my ugly character.
John then finished preparing quickly, picking up his wallet, his mobile phone and his keys around the living room and finally putting on his coat, kissing Sherlock one last time before heading for the door.
-Do you want me to take him? “he then asked, noting that the detective was trying to balance Hamish in his arms and, at the same time, prepare the bottle.
-Hey Misha! Look how smart you are... You're going to make your dad look bad- John said with a smile in his voice, stroking Hamish’s hands.
It wasn't the first time that, after one of their discussions, John and Sherlock were on two completely different paths, but never as this time John had the impression that going back was impossible.
-Technically it was his shoulder that was hurt, the pain in his leg is an imaginary pain- Sherlock instinctively corrected it.
Watson knew that the return from the land of the dead of the Reichenbach's hero had not yet reached the press, and since returning to London Sherlock had spent much of his time in Baker Street, going out only a couple of times to meet with Molly at Barts.
"John, we absolutely have to create a colony of penguins in our apartment" Sherlock told him after spending ten minutes staring at them in their tub.
"Thank you, but no thank you," Mycroft replied. "How about we talk business?" he asked, crossing his arms at chest height.
On the bed that occupied the center of the room was lying a boy, sixteen years old at most, wearing a pair of perfectly ironed black pants, a white shirt and a black tie.
Like all teenagers, there had been a time in his life when John could not stop thinking about sex, and the pleasure that could come from it; many nights were spent in the silence and comfort of his bed dreaming and with the sole help of his hand to soothe the pressure that seemed to have taken hold of him.
And this “label” will stick on our kids' lives and that's why I want to be there today marching in the front rows with the other families Sherlock...”
“Certain gestures become a habit when you have a relationship with a man who's busy 24/7 like mine... Sometimes it's the only way to say "good morning" or "good night" Greg said.
There were a lot of people, from Mr. Smith, the workshop owner to Mrs. Hallywell, the hospital nurse, and I remember that every stand had pamphlets with all the information you could need to "choose your future" -John recalled with an amused smile.
He recalled the peculiar smell he had smelled in Sherlock's inexplicably fluffy hair, and how he understood his responsibility to that child for the first time, the need to protect him and keep him safe at all costs.
If everything had gone according to plan that night he would have been at home, with the only person he had missed in those years.
Every time that thought ran through his mind, John couldn’t hold back a  sad smile: how could he be grieving?
Mycroft Holmes opened and closed his right hand around the handle of his umbrella and gave him a tired smile.
If I tried to contact you, and believe me, I thought of hundreds of ways I could do it during my absence, they would have known, and you would have died...
It wasn't the first time Greg had been in front of young people in need of help, in fact in his work he encountered too many, but there was something about that boy that for some reason brought back to his mind the first encounters with Sherlock, provoking in him an instinct to unexpected protection.
-Thank you- John said before turning to Greg. -Now that we've convinced Sherlock, we can close the case, don't you think? - he asked him, once again in control of his emotions.
A stunned expression appeared on the face of the man who in shock,  dropped his mobile phone to the ground.
The waiter brought them the menus and took care to list the specials of the day, then took the order for the wine and moved quickly away without proposing to arrange a candle to make the atmosphere more romantic.
Sherlock remained silent, slipping the next moment into John's chair, settling into the small free space between John's armrest and body, and stretching his long legs on the doctor's thighs, an arm on the back of the armchair.
There had been occasions in the past, before The Fall, when he and Sherlock had shared the bed, but it was always emergency situations or booking mistakes.
He needed to know that nothing had changed for John, that having definitive confirmation of what had been only a suspicion so far, did not make him different in his eyes; that for John his deductions would always remain brilliant, that the feeling between them would not be tainted because of his past...
-You're my boyfriend! You should be jealous and not give me certain advice!" John retorted frustratedly.
Ocean-blue eyes searched for ice-blue ones and caught them half closed, long dark eyelashes caressing his cheeks, while Sherlock’s teeth were busy tormenting his lower lip.
Sherlock looked at Hamish's face, already so alike to his own, and smiled as he met the child's eyes, before caressing his black curly hair.
For eighteen months he had tried to decipher the mystery that was John Hamish Watson, looking in every gesture or word a clue that would help him decipher the man, deeply convinced that once the mystery was solved, all the charm surrounding his roommate would vanish, making him turn out to be predictable and boring like the rest of the population.
For a few moments they were silent, surfing between tv channels, but without focusing their attention on any show; in the silence Sherlock's fingers began to explore the solid and so familiar body against his, eager to discover the secrets that John had managed to hide from his attention until that moment: he caressed with his fingertips John’s right shoulder, feeling the muscles move with the smallest stimulation, then slide down on his right arm considering the increased concentration of muscle tissue in the forearm thanks to years of military training, before continuing on the right arm to finish with John’s right hand, that hand that so often with his twin had cared for him, which had  saved his life countless times, had clearly shown his anger or frustration during a discussion even more than words, that hand that caressed Hamish with extreme love and attention.
"Didn't you hear a word of what I said to you last night?" Sherlock asked, unable to decide how to behave.
Whereas in the past he had been able to capture every smallest and most insignificant clue only from a quick glance, he now seemed to have lost that ability.
"We decided together that you would start slowly... - recalled Lestrade, not at all impressed by the detective's attitude.
Once again, John smiled as he decided to cancel the distance between them and stop in front of the detective.
He could never stand that woman and now he had no fear in saying that antipathy had turned into hatred.
If I see you wandering around my crime scenes, I swear I'll get you arrested and even Mycroft can go to hell!" he said, raising his voice slightly.
If Sherlock was a force of nature when he was awake, as soon as he fell asleep he was the embodiment of serenity: Sherlock indulged in sleep so rarely that his rest was incredibly deep, impossible to disturb or interrupt with external noises.
All that seemed fundamental, useful to keep his brain alive had become irrelevant: despite the annoying and at the same time reassuring nature of the good doctor, Sherlock had found a living puzzle, always at his disposal, that in the eighteen months he had shared with the doctor had always proved unsolvable.
That morning, Mycroft was in the office in his apartment despite the sun still raising   up, trying to catch up with work and make up for the delay that a day with his mother had provoked.
Lady Violet nodded, remaining silent again for a few moments, trying to drive away from her mind the terrible memories she was carrying.
The next moment the man entered the shelter and Sherlock stood at the threshold to observe what he could of the hall: it was a parish theatre, with a stage in the background on which was placed a stand with a microphone; ten rows of ten chairs  were arranged neatly in the hall and fifty chairs were occupied.
John approached the tomb until he could place his left hand over the tombstone, a sudden sadness closing his throat.
With a long sip he finished the wine still in his glass and met for a moment Sherlock’s gaze, aware that despite his curiosity, the man would interrupt that conversation at the first hint of uneasiness on John's part.
He was tired of swallowing shoddy coffee, of the mountains of reports that seemed to perpetually clutter his desk, of the lack of professionalism of the guys on his team, Donovan and Anderson first.
When he stood in front of the black door for a few moments he was unsure whether to open it with his own key, which had finally found his place in the right pocket of the jacket or if to knock the gold-plated doorbell.
He thought back to the words Sherlock had told him the night before and the long talk they had that same morning, just before the arrival of Lady Holmes, and for the first time in a long time he found himself confident in the future.
He jumped off a roof and I tried to survive for three years since his disappearance; and now all I can think about is that I wasted three years of my life destroying myself for a person who was around the world solving the biggest puzzle of his life, without even giving a thought to what he had left behind...
You wouldn't spend an hour practicing for something you thought was pointless or boring...- Molly pointed out.
-Sort of- John granted him- That was the beginning, and slowly and especially thanks to Greg's constant help, we were able to get to know each other better and build our friendship-concluded.
All of his observations were written in a notebook, updated daily, and were shown to John to make him part of his "discoveries".
-Okay... Greg, can I talk to you alone for a second? -he asked him and then walked down the hall, forcing the inspector to follow him.
Sherlock Holmes, the man able to hide his feelings behind a mask, to erased them from his Mind Palace like they were "defective data", had a son.
-I have a special permit. A friend of mine works here, and then I suspect the receptionist has a crush on me-said to justify his presence in the reserved area.
A few minutes later, with a frustrated sigh, the detective sat down and returned to lie down again, this time with his head resting on John's legs, where moments before were his feet.
The man stood by the open door and leaned inwards, peering for an instant at the person sitting inside.
As soon as Sherlock’s lips wrapped around the tip of John's cock Sherlock’s tongue lapped at the sensitive tip tasting the salty taste that was uniquely John before swallowing him down while his hand stroked what his mouth couldn’t reach; little by little Sherlock began to take more and more of John’s cock into his mouth until his nose was buried in the hair at the base.
Sometimes I think it's so obvious that you can read it on my face... I want to record every part of your body in my Mind Palace, even those that you consider insignificant, I want to taste you... I want to touch you and leave my marks on you so that everyone can see that you are mine...
Following the directions Donovan had left for him to Stephanie, John and Jack had arrived near Vauxhall station and had stopped the bike in the area surrounded by police tape blocking passers-by from a large zone between Kennington Lane and South Lambeth Road.
The other man burst out laughing, clearly amused by the whole situation and for a couple of minutes the two men remained silent, focused on their own lunch.
The blonde's thunderous laughter rang out in the living room, making both Sherlock and Hamish smile.
"My feelings for you haven't changed, but I can't trust you right now-John began, the voice hoarse because of the repressed emotions he felt pressing against the walls of his throat.
Taking a short break from work to change the clothes he had been wearing for 36 hours and to quickly check that Daniel was fine and that he needed nothing, Greg Lestrade put the key into the lock of his apartment.
So why couldn't he be happy, put aside the past to rebuild that relationship that for years had been almost as important as the air he breathed?
After leaving his coat to the wardrobe, Sherlock headed to the bar in slow strides, feeling the gaze of most of the men present on his body, instantly cataloguing them in his memory as "irrelevant."
Emma focused on the menu for a few moments but, when the waiter was again gone with their orders, she stared at John and watched him for a few minutes.
Leaning closer to Sherlock, John approached the man’s right ear and, continuing to stroke the black curls at the base of his neck, disclosed his lips and tickled Sherlock’s earlobe with his breath, making chills run down Sherlock’s back.
-Okay if there's nothing else... - he just said, turning around and walking towards Jack who had waited patiently in the corner.
The gaze of all the officers seated at his desks followed him until he arrived at the closed office door, as so many times before, but this time it was evident that the object of their attention was Hamish, prompting in him an unexpected irritation that led him to put a hand on Hamish’s back in a protective gesture.
After all, he had done nothing wrong: he had helped a boy in trouble and was certain that Mycroft would understand and appreciate the motivations that had motivated him to make the choices he had made.
He was about to give up and leave with his tail between his legs when suddenly a shadow moved from the edge of the restricted area and came forward.
But she made a mistake, if we want to call it a mistake... She kissed him- John explained and turned around to include Scotland Yard officers in his explanation.
-Thank you. Can you tell Dr. Sawyer that I have to leave for a couple of hours? -he asked her with a friendly tone.
My request is all too clear, so now it's up to you to tell me your price - Mycroft said to him, determined to close that matter as soon as possible.
Only a few times, perhaps they could counted them on their fingertips, their  crime scene was such a "normal" bedroom: with rock band posters on the walls, pastel-colored walls, white closet, bookshelves full of books and a desk with a laptop placed neatly in the middle between a table lamp and a photo frame.
"To be honest, it doesn't surprise me at all" mumbled John, closing the door behind him, sure that the other man had heard his comment anyway.
"Why don't you process your question?" said Sherlock, quietly silencing Lestrade, staring at the journalist.
So, dear brother, I'm not going anywhere; this is the first and last time I want to hear about such an idiocy!
He knew that sooner or later that moment would come: it was Sherlock who convinced him to come home, but it was evident that even the detective could not bear the silence and embarrassment between them.
For the third time in the space of a few minutes Baby Girl nodded, a sense of purpose in her gesture.
"Don't let the anger win..." John repeated to himself as he arrived at the door of the apartment, only to take a deep breath.
Despite what John or Mycroft thought of him, Sherlock was anything but a novice in matters of the heart: he had had his experiences during college, Victor was an obvious example, and even during his years as a drug addict, there had been men and women, willing to exchange a dose for some particular favors.
I always knew Baby Girl would never be able to keep the baby, I certainly didn't need your huge intelligence to get there!
Also led by Emma, they made their way to the queue of people waiting to visit the area dedicated to dinosaurs.
The following photos showed them sitting at a restaurant table engrossed in a conversation that led Greg to frown in confusion or smile clearly amused, and Mycroft wondered what the topic of discussion was cursing the right to privacy that prevented him from installing microphones in every London restaurant or shop.
After a quick sandwich dinner, Emma had settled in the middle of the sofa, right in front of the television, demanding that the two men sit one to her right and the other to her left.
"In this way, reading both I will know everything about you?" John commented with a playful smile that also infected Sherlock.
Okay, tell me about this date-said Jack settling more comfortable in the chair and taking his own cup in his hands.
Despite his gaze still on the teacup, the only evidence that John was still there with him, Sherlock felt his mother's attentive eyes on himself, looking for all the necessary information.
John lips were warm and slightly chapped, and Sherlock couldn’t resist to gently tease them with the tip of his tongue, while a hand cupped John’s cheek to prevent him from moving.
John then opened his book and hid in his own mind, eschewing any further contact with the detective.
"No one ever found out... " he answered, regardless of the husky tone of his voice, his fingers finally clasped around the bottle.
"It’s getting late" he heard himself saying, before interrupting the game of glances that bound him to the detective.
-I'm not, but it's one of those experiences to try at least once in a lifetime, like running the London Marathon...-he answered between mouthfuls.
And if that means disappearing from your life, I'm willing to do it, despite my selfish nature that would like to spend every single moment with you.
"What will happen when our relationship is no longer enough?" he asked in the usual pragmatic tone with which he dealt with the country's problems.
For the next two hours, John Sherlock and the little girl were lost in the corridors of the museum, among the various dinosaur fossils, skeletons and the great robot of the T-rex, then moving to the areas dedicated to human biology, with the memory games and the huge reproduction of a seven-month-old fetus in the womb that had particularly affected Emma, and then concluded the visit to the mammal section, with the stuffed reproduction of every possible animal on Earth, extinct or not.
The moment the detective took the mug to his mouth, brought a smile on the doctor's lips, which John tried to hide behind his own cup, falling into the chair in front of the black-haired man.
Sincerely overwhelmed for the avalanche of information that had invested him, Sherlock allowed himself a few moments of silence to process and catalogue them.
-Thank you Sally, I knew I could always count on your support... - John commented before taking the few steps that separated him from Sherlock and stopping in front of him.
When John had called him from Waterloo station that morning to inform him that he would be home for a few days, the man had not asked questions and with a little bit of luck he would not do so for a few days before forcing him to talk.
John tilted his head, in his mind the memory of the first time the detective had informed him of his "weirdness".
After thanking him, John ended the communication and shoved his cell phone into his trouser pocket, then looked back at the kitchen door: his father seemed perfectly at ease with Hamish, like if he spent every day surrounded by children and not by men of his own age.
They had worked for forty minutes, combining the little knowledge Sherlock had about the French Revolution, the notions of the book, and Emma's memories, managing to put together two pages of research.
He wandered through the kitchen, rejoicing for a moment that it had not been turned back into a laboratory and approached the kettle, controlling the water level and then putting it on the stove.
The idea of an addicted( or fomer addicted) John was born after reading "One day at the time: no way back" by KeelieThompson1.
-And when he does bring him to our home, I'm going to have to sneak out of the house at dawn because the aforementioned friend can't stay more than five seconds in the room with me without venting his anger, let alone finding out that I'm his best friend's partner-added Mycroft without acrimony.
-You just said you'd never waste your time with ordinary, mundane people that clearly, we're not enough for you... Go back to her.
Until then John had always attributed that reluctancy to a coldness in family relationships, to parents who were absent or who had disowned Sherlock because of his past with drugs or for his work, but hearing Lady Holmes speak had led him to thinking again and wondering why Sherlock had kept that part of himself hidden from him, when there were no secrets between them.
The notebook on which he had written a few important notes was placed on the tea table in front of him, next to a bottle of beer that was warming up quickly, the music in the background covering the noise of the shower filtering through the closed door of the bathroom.
Greg knew that request would come eventually; he was aware that sooner or later the detective would become so unbearable to annoy even the only person in the world capable of standing up to him, but he had believed that he had a few more days given the relaxed attitude of the two men the day before.
-To be honest I would have expected this question from Mycroft-he confessed before returning serious.
John took the earbuds off his ears and passed them on to the girl, allowing her to hear her baby's heartbeat, causing tears to spring up at the corners of her eyes.
Only once had he had a similar experience, with an opponent he considered his equal and who over time had proved fundamental to his fight.
It was a question he had been thinking about since he woke up that morning: John was not the kind of man who wasted his and his hook-ups time...
Sherlock watched him go away and, unconsciously, passed his tongue over his lower lip on which there was still some trace of the doctor's taste, and then fastened the Belstaff to shelter from the cold that had caught him the moment the embrace had ended and to hide the erection that didn’t seems to go down.
For a few moments there was silence in the bathroom, interrupted only by a few coughs from Emma, until the little girl laid again her eyes on Sherlock; the man knew instantly that a new question would come soon, so he decided to precede it.
The smile he received in response was the most beautiful he had ever seen and would have seen for the rest of his life.
-What did you expect me to do? That I forgot the two years we had lived together, everything we had gone through and moved on with my life?
Before The Fall, John was unable to hear the woman's name without an annoyed expression crossed his face, but now they seemed capable of affectionate interactions and unexpected confidences.
Would he have used their relationship to persuade him to accept boring but well-paid private cases in times of economic hardship?
More than once, John had found himself staring at the man with obvious surprise: he had always believed that Sherlock would be embarrassed or uncomfortable with Emma, but he had to quickly think again; watching the two interact would have been believed they had known each other for months if not for years, and not just for a few hours.
But above all, what infuriated him was the certainty that those dreams, those thoughts had not touched the analytical mind of the consultant even once.
Sherlock's scarf had disappeared on the day of The Fall and seeing it reappear now meant it had always been in the possession of the oldest Holmes.
"What the hell have you done this time?” he asked clearly upset as he advanced into the living room with a firm glare.
"I thought that after I informed you of the boy's departure, I would inform you that I was aware of your "mistake", but that I had decided to forgive you...-
Sherlock snorted unconvinced, but when he felt John's fingers through his black curls he made no gesture to avoid that contact.
Usually the medical staff doesn’t go out of the camp, but that day we were understaffed so me and two other doctors jumped aboard the Rover and went to pick up the wounded.
He was mathematically certain that Sherlock had already captured much of the information he needed to understand the nature of their conversation, but John could still do his best to maintain a semblance of privacy.
Daniel sighed dryly before stretching out a hand toward his and taking the paper, folding it up and tucking it into one of his pockets.
-It’s been postponed because Mycroft will spend the day at the Mansion with our mother, and we're invited too- Sherlock explained.
"I think we should talk about it; don't you think?" said Sherlock all of the sudden, almost resuming a speech interrupted earlier.
-I just wanted to inform you that tomorrow we would have a guest and make sure that this was not a problem for you-
It was a lie, but he was aware that the truth in this case would annoy not only Baby Girl, but also John.
After leaving the car at Marble Arch, John Greg and the children joined the Rainbow Families in the front rows and started marching down the streets of London preceded by people dressed in the most extravagant and colorful costumes, followed by machines where semi-dressed men and women danced to techno and disco music, and surrounded by people who had decided to join the cause of the LGBT community.
I certainly don't have to tell you that, despite the evidence to the contrary and all the objections you might raise right now, you are the only person who can help Sherlock in this situation.
"Also, Hamish needs his father more than he needs me" added Irene, aware of the hell that was stirring in the doctor's mind but determined for once not to comment.
-As you prefer, Sir. Good evening Sir- she greeted him before turning her back on him and leaving the office.
-I couldn't sleep last night from the excitement. Do you think it will be possible to see if it is a boy or a girl? - asked Baby Girl lying carefully on the couch.
-I'm exhausted! This morning we found a body in a trash can, a young boy hustling around Soho, and I had the unfortunate idea of bringing in Sherlock and John.
) and the wrinkled and disgruntled expression, told him about what was stirring inside John and the feelings he felt towards him.
Hello everyone! Probably some of you noticed some similarites with another Johnlocked Fan Fanction and you were right.
A slight hope made room in Sherlock to those words: despite the qualms and limitations, John was willing to stay, he would abandon the absurd idea of looking for another apartment.
After a few minutes, he found himself in an underground car park, completely clear of other vehicles; one person was there to greet him and, of course, escort him.
In order not to make her feel lonely or uncomfortable, John reached out and gently squeezed the girl's little bony hand, giving her a reassuring smile.
For an hour he focused on the work, determined to give his best, like his mother could come out on the porch at any moment to check how he was doing, with a plate of biscuits in one hand and a cup of tea in the other.
He glanced at the man lying on the sidewalk who he had once considered another part of himself and heedless of the damage his blows had caused, John felt his jaw muscles contract into a harsh expression,
-A few weeks ago, Sherlock and Uncle John took me to the museum with the dinosaurs and Sherlock showed me the stone and the names of the people who gave money to the museum and there was also your name- explained the little girl.
But it was thanks to Sherlock and The Fall that they returned on friendly terms, during the dark months of John’s emotional and physical breakdown.
In addition, every day, Sherlock and Hamish disappeared for a couple of hours in what the detective called "
Lestrade nodded, taking his coat and retrieving the gun from the drawer, then quickly exited the office.
So many times, imagining his return, Sherlock had to deal with that possibility; he had long considered the options, wondering what he would find on his return, considering also the possibility that during his absence John had found someone else.
-No, they had chosen a distinguished, gray-haired man with an elegant profile... They needed to show the "pleasant" side of the Army: I don't think they would attract many people with a soldier scarred by battle.
“Hey little monsters!!” Greg's voice burst into the living room moments later. “Let me take a look at your t-shirts... Wow, you look so cool!” he said, a smile in the voice that made Hope laugh.
The blonde stared at him, clearly struck by those words, and in that brief moment, the silence that descended into the living room was deafening.
When their eyes met again, John nodded and hinted a small smile imitated immediately by Jack: it was an evening different from the others, they both knew it, but both men would do their best to try to have fun as they did every time.
-At least now you can admit your feelings... It’s a shame it took you three years- Irene said with a shrug, as if the man's problems didn't concern her.
It was only when he found himself in the center of the living room that his peripheral vision recorded Mycroft's presence in the flat; what left him winded was the bundle in Mycroft’s arms.
John shrugged; he often complained about Sherlock's experiments, but a part of himself was calm every time he saw Sherlock folded into his microscope, refuting a thesis expressed in a medical journal, or rejecting a suspect's alibi.
Mycroft looked down at the sleeping child in his arms and returned to sit, settling the baby’s head against his shoulder and the little boy's slightly folded legs on his thighs, allowing himself one last smile before returning to meet Sherlock's gaze.
I have carefully analyzed every moment spent together in the last few days, but I cannot understand what went wrong- Mycroft said in an honest tone.
Unable to breathe normally for a couple of minutes, Sherlock had been lulled by John's caresses and the small kisses that the man had placed on his jaw.
Why couldn't he forgive him so they could resume their lives from where they had abruptly interrupted them two days earlier?
Sherlock obeyed and John could clearly read on his face the moment the brilliant genius came to the final intuition: his eyes widened and they searched for John's ocean-blue ones, as if they wanted to share that moment with his partner.
-What's her story? -he asked him certain that John would immediately understand who he was referring to, so as not to leave time for his brain to process more of that unexpected and weird thought.
"Now my priority is to talk to John!" the detective began walking back and forth in free space between the coffee table and the couch.
"Listen to me carefully because I'm only going to say it once: what I did or how I chose to live my life while you were around the world doesn't concern you.
He sighed, shrugging off those negative thoughts, and walked to the secondary entrance to the morgue, where three years earlier he had been led in a stretcher by a group of fake nurses.
Before he could find a suitable answer, which would not show the turmoil of the feelings that stirred in him and was at the same time sarcastic, two repeated blows announced the presence of Mrs. Hudson outside the door.
-Despite all this, every time I have a nightmare Sherlock starts playing the violin regardless of the fact that it is the middle of the night, only to calm me down and help me regain consciousness of reality.
All your questions have been answered, unless you also want the details, so what else prevents you from returning to your man and live happily with him? -asked Irene in a rational tone.
The detective sighed, clearly unhappy with the situation, but stood up as well, following the woman into the kitchen.
But if he was honest with himself, Sherlock knew that what brought him there was those stupid conversations and teases of which he had been subjected over the last few days.
-He usually travels alone, but sometimes he shares some of his travels with companions and in recent years he has traveled with Amy and then with Rory-explained the little girl.
"It's not all this great distance" said John with a hinted smile before moving his head slightly so he could see the detective's face.
Those days when the young man had been a guest in their apartment had been the strangest of his life: usually when Mycroft was away for a business trip, the big house they shared was even bigger and immersed in silence, leading him to prefer the perpetual noise of his office at Scotland Yard, despite the fact that the sofa was not at all comfortable.
Caught by surprise from that thought, John shook his head, interrupting the kiss and hiding his face in Sherlock's unbuttoned shirt, kissing the Adam's Apple and the hollow of his throat, trying to remove images of a similar situation from his mind, of a place far away in time,  maybe in a back alley, where an equally disheveled Sherlock let himself enjoy Irene’s attentions.
-It was hard, but despite everything Sherlock knew he could count on us, even though I was often away from home for work or Mycroft had left for Cambridge.
"Of course, just a quick stop to say goodbye to Mrs. Hudson and Hamish and then we can go" he said, stepping aside to let John out of the apartment, seizing the surprised expression on John's face.
You know perfectly well what my feelings for you are... -Sherlock said, abandoning for the first time that calm and aloof air that had sustained him throughout their discussion.
After buying the paint can and the appropriate brushes, John returned home, wore clothes that were more comfortable and suitable for the work he was doing, and immediately put himself to work.
"So you're aware that, since the last time you saw her, Molly Hopper has become Mrs. Dimmock?" he asked, continuing without giving him time to respond. - Or that Detective Lestrade worked office hours and petty crimes to for almost two years because of your collaboration and that only now has he managed to return to active service? - asked Mycroft a little peeved.
"You've lost weight since the last time we met, but I think it's normal given your dislike to food" she said, stepping a few steps away from him.
Sherlock, standing in front of him, the silky blue robe over his pajama pants, looked at him with an unexpected guilty expression on his face.
In thirty-eight years, Sherlock had been afraid of losing only two people: his mother who, despite the pressures and his many mistakes, had never abandoned him and John Watson.
After accepting Sherlock's dinner date, John relapsed into his morning routine: breakfast, shower, beard, and then quickly dressing up to get to work.
If you don't mind getting out of the way now, I'm sure you'll find a cake or a nuclear crisis waiting for you - Sherlock dismissed him with a pulled smile.
-Can you try to be serious? If I wanted sarcastic jokes I would have gone to Mycroft- Sherlock observed clearly annoyed.
Sherlock was almost tempted to take up his challenge, clearly seeing how John was offering himself to his deductions, aware of the pleasure they would both derive from it, but merely granted him an enigmatic smile and slightly leaned towards him without ever leaving John’s eyes.
John knew from experience that the detective didn't usually let go of cheesy or romantic gestures, so that simple proposal was proof that Sherlock was willing to do anything to save their relationship and if he had to be completely honest with himself, John was as excited at the idea of that date.
Molly was busy not far from him and perhaps it was the presence of the woman that led Sherlock to start the conversation, eager to find answers to those questions that had been haunting him for days.
Are you sure you want to spend your first night in England in a prison? -he asked him trying to contain the impatience that the man could provoke in him with a few words.
-Why does everyone keep denying the evidence? John and I are just friends! - the detective interrupted her frustratedly.
She can go back to school, go to college, besides, she's not the first teenager to get pregnant at 16, so no one will care.
How was it possible for such a brilliant and exceptional man to fall apart after only a night spent separated?
-Don’t worry about it, Myc. But to be honest, I'm curious: who would you be: Amy or River? -asked Greg.
When the time comes to go to kindergarten, his intelligence will already be on par with a six-year-old and this will cause him many disadvantages in relating to others.
Overwhelmed by Sherlock’s charm, John swallowed closing his eyes as his fingers gripped the detective's black hair to prevent him from pulling his face away, just as silence fell.
Because of those negative thoughts, the feeling of joy and excitement he had felt even an hour earlier had slowly faded, leaving him at the end with the conviction that perhaps it had not been a good idea to accept that invitation, not in their current situation, and that the best thing to do once he arrived at the clinic was to inform Sherlock that he had changed his mind and that it was better to arrange dinner for another day.
-You can keep telling yourself this fairy tale if it helps you sleep at night, but we both know that the only reason you left was to prove once again that you were the best.
Jack stared at him for a few moments, clearly surprised by the interruption and possessive tone that had transpired from the man's voice.
They had survived murderous taxi drivers, ordinary criminals and professional psychopaths who had the sole purpose of separating them or hurting them... Yet,  they had let small, easily solvable problems like those that had plagued them so far intrude on their relationship, seriously risking separating them.
Neither of them had addressed the subject, almost certainly to avoid the embarrassment that would ensue, continuing their lives as usual, but without the heavy atmosphere that had been felt in the apartment since the detective's return.
Unable to control the irregular heartbeat of his heart, John’s gaze fixed on Sherlock's full lips, divided between the desire to respond with a sarcastic comment and the want to throwing his arms round his neck.
I told him that I wanted to be a doctor, but that I would probably spend the rest of my life in my father's restaurant because of the college costs and he showed me this pamphlet... I still remember it like it was yesterday.
"Today I have a consultation in the city in the late afternoon, so don't wait up for me" John said, looking back at the older man.
" he had always made it clear in advance that he was not looking for a love story, that his mind was occupied elsewhere, and that the only thing his lovers could expect from him was a simple one night stand.
A frustrated sigh slip out from the detective's disclosed lips before he began his "obvious" explanation.
"I was thinking about it while you were still asleep,  and I realized that there's only one possible solution to our problem" the detective continued, never looking away from his partner.
The two men turned to the ajar bathroom door, before their eyes met, making John shrug his shoulders.
Entering the kitchen, John fill the kettle and remained silent for a few moments, his shoulders turned to the living room, as if he wanted to forget Sherlock’s presence in the apartment.
And guilt reappeared back to the pit of his stomach, as overbearing and fierce as during the first year.
I'm telling you this because I want you to understand that now, after Hamish's arrival, I've become as protective and fierce as my mother.
John had hoped to have enough time to prepare for that meeting, but Lady Holmes had asked him to accompany her to the upstairs library, as if she was afraid of getting lost in the numerous rooms of the house.
Perhaps John could have believed him; perhaps if their relationship was only in its infancy or if John had not repeated evidence to the contrary, of the great heart that Sherlock hid behind a wall from the majority of the population and that only a select few had the privilege of seeing.
John took a deep breath, once again wondering how his perfect evening with Sherlock had turn into that uncontrolled chaos, only to bring his eyes back on Daniel and smile reassuringly at him.
-They don’t need a lot of space: we can turn the apartment C into a huge tub full of ice and feed them with fresh fish every day- Sherlock proposed again.
-I'm going to sleep in my room and we're going to take one day at the time, like we've always done... Maybe if we're lucky, things will return to normal- he said, more serene now that he's found a plan for his future.
He looked up at the boy and stared at him for a few seconds, deciding to put his cards on the table.
It had been a tiring day, like so many others, but what had made matters worse was the psychological pressure kindly offered, as usual, by Sherlock Holmes.
In the end, the film fully confirmed their expectations: John was fascinated by the wonderful landscapes and slightly confused by the twisted plot and without a true logical thread almost as much as a novel by Joyce or Virginia Woolf and strengthened in the doctor the belief that Sherlock would have hated every moment of that film, ruining the show to the many spectators.
Sherlock's muscular body was plastered against him, his lips busy exploring every hidden corner of the doctor’s mouth and John himself had no intention of detaching himself from the man, but in a distant part of his mind a little annoying voice was telling him to open the door and get inside the apartment, because  if they did not stopped now they would have sex on the landing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes again, fighting between the urge of getting up and leaving the man without another word or the desire to ask him a few more questions.
I think his name is also on some marble slab somewhere with some other pompous donors as he-commented the detective, causing a slight smile in the other.
After stripping off his coat and taking off his shoes, the doctor placed the takeaway bag on the kitchen table and walked to the bathroom, slowly opening the door.
Once the door was locked behind the man, John made his way to the kitchen to check that everything was in order and for a few moments toyed with the idea of a last cup of tea before bed, when the voice behind him made him jump.
From the very first moment, he had always been the first to put his foot out the door, to walk away, in whatever situation they were, certain that John would follow him; let him go on had at the same time surprised and destabilized the doctor.
He needed to know, but at the same time he was disgusted by what he might find out... What could he deduce from that brief analysis?
-See you soon John- greeted the woman, followed by her assistant on the seventeen steps that would lead her into the street.
"That I had feelings for you?"  continued the other. - There must be something if you are willing to kill someone for a perfect stranger you only met thirty-six hours before.
There was a new stereo system, next to the fireplace, clearly modern given the presence of the IPod station visible in the center and a flat-screen television installed on the wall next to the window, a short distance from the stand with its neatly ordered music sheets.
Two days after the detective's return, John had returned home after a shift at the clinic and found the older Holmes sitting in the living room, in his chair, in front of Sherlock who from the expression of his face did not appreciate this visit at all.
John looked away, suddenly shameful, as his mind crowded with painful moments where his father was his only safe haven.
John sighed, trying to get rid of the tension that had accumulated on the muscles of his shoulders and neck.
-So the best solution for you is to go back to her, sparing both of us months of suffering and clearly unnecessary attempts-concluded the blonde without considering the interruption of the other man.
Lady Violet stood a few moments in silence, before resting both hands on the table, her gaze on her son.
And it's true, when Tom took the poison, she didn't have the courage to do the same, but not because she was scared or had second thoughts, but because she wanted to make sure he had someone next to him until he was gone- John paused for a moment and swallowed visibly, then searching again for Sherlock’s look.
It's too painful for John to even say your name, so he stopped saying it out loud, but that doesn't mean he forgot you – said Mrs. Hudson trying to make him understand John’s behavior.
"That’s what everyone keeps telling me, but that doesn't mean I have to like him" the angry man retorted.
Sally approached the blonde man with a candy between her fingers and an amused smile on her lips that led John to raise his eyes to the sky: this was just the kind of situation he hated being in!
Sherlock answered with an embarrassed smile, giving a quick thought to how many times he had already smiled that day thanks to John's presence in the apartment, before shrugging his shoulders.
-Mh… It sounds like a great idea-commented Sherlock, his eyes half closed, ready to succumb to sleep.
"I'd love to, but I still have to go over some files and make a couple of phone calls before I come to bed" Mycroft said serious.
The next moment he was standing by the couch, full of energy, curious to know what Mycroft and Daniel would think of each other, unable to explain the strange agitation he felt at the idea of a possible disagreement between the two men.
-However...-continued Mycroft changing the subject- As you saw from the file, after a long period of leave he resumed working at the clinic and reached a respectable position for someone like him-
An incredulous expression appeared on John's face, leading him to forget his food as well and focus his all attention on Sherlock.
He immediately noticed the lack of his violin and wondered if it had been placed in some cardboard box getting dusty or if John had decided to donate it to charity, but immediately discarded that idea given the presence of the musical sheets.
John let go a frustrated breath through his slightly open lips and rubbed his eyes with the fingers of one hand.
She understood why Sherlock had saved that woman despite the problems his actions had created with John, the feeling of sadness that had accompanied him for weeks after her disappearance, and why for years Sherlock had continued to hide his feelings for John, even though they were obvious to everyone but the doctor.
He had lied to him, telling him that things had settled down between them, that he had nothing to worry about their relationship, then turn to that hustler for his sexual needs.
"Let's see if you're a fan of classical music like your father" John said as he approached Hamish again.
"Are we safe now?" she asked without fear, as if she was ready to fight by his side, despite her age and health problems.
-Pasta-answered her promptly, before silently reflecting a few seconds-If I promise to eat everything, can I have dessert? -she added, this time addressed to John.
Sherlock remained silent, after all it was something Mycroft and Molly had already told him in other contexts.
-Okay. Like you said, I'm from Aldershot, and I have a sister, Harry, who's three years older than me.
"Are these the days when he has a sleepover with Dr. Sawyer?" he asked, even if he knew deep inside that it wasn't the right answer.
-John always hated her. He was really jealous of Irene and I must admit that I was unbearable for some time after her presumed death.
Clearly intrigued, John leaned to the middle of the table still clear of plates at the moment and met Sherlock’s gaze almost daring him to read the small and insignificant elements that were "obvious" on his face and on his clothes and to list his deductions.
Have fun and take all the adoration of the press but keep me out of this hideous circus! - concluded with clenched teeth.
John inhaled deeply a couple of times, determined not to launch an explanation of the emotional process he had faced in the years after The Fall that had led him to admit his feelings for Sherlock, certain that Irene would find them boring, scared of the possibility of seeing Irene laughing in his face after putting his feelings out in the open.
Misha's fingers were completely covered in baby food and the child kept bringing them to his mouth to suck breakfast out of his own hands, looking up each time towards Sherlock as if he wanted to make sure the man wouldn't scold him for the messy and creative way by which he was having breakfast.
Mrs. Hudson drank a few sips from her cup in silence and Sherlock did the same, letting fall a comfortable silence into the kitchen.
And your presence here is a blatant confirmation of that betrayal- he ended; his voice completely emptied of the anger that had animated him up to that point.
-Maybe you should have asked Tommy, maybe if you hadn't treated him so badly, he'd have given you the address- retorted John.
Letting go of a frustrated sigh, Sherlock walked away from John and returned to sit in his seat, the bottle of maple syrup clenched between the fingers of his left hand.
Greg closed the door behind him and the first thing that struck him was the silence he received in response.
Taking a new puff only to contradict the man, Sherlock remained silent, not knowing how to behave in that situation: it was usually John who scolded him for doing something reckless or stupid, they had never found themselves with the roles reversed.
There was a moment of tense silence, in which a myriad of considerations crossed John's face, until the doctor sighed.
That night, Sherlock had fallen asleep against his chest, his head under John's chin, his long legs folded so he could meet the doctor's shorter ones, showing for the first time in years to another person his need for love and protection.
Sherlock looked up at the two adults sitting on the couch and realized that their exchange had also been followed in the living room when he saw the amused smile on John's face.
Smiling mischievously at the image of himself reflecting on the mirror,  John quickly got into the shower, letting a satisfied groan escape when hot water flooded his back and shoulders, softening his contracted muscles.
Their diligent waiter interrupted them again with their orders and only when they were alone again and after taking a bite from their plate (remembering Lestrade's advice), Sherlock spoke again.
John’s fingers pulled softly at Sherlock's sweaty black curls and in response to that gesture, Sherlock's long legs tightened around him, his heels against his buttocks, thus diminishing John's freedom of movement.
-Baby Girl, I know you're doing everything you can to make sure the baby has the best once he’s born.
Sherlock saw him walking up the stairs, a sign that their date would be over soon, and he stepped towards the man.
-In the eighteen months we have lived together, the two of us have eaten together many times with dinners and take-aways, not to mention the time spent together during our stakeouts, but each time you made it clear that it was not a date for all those who were within earshot-
For not being present enough, for giving greater importance to Sherlock and his problems without realizing that his wife, the woman with whom he had chosen to spend the rest of his life, had worries that he had never noticed.
Before Sherlock could retort, Emma followed her father into the apartment, taking the detective by surprise (
It's a risk for me to give you these pills every month too, but I do it without the slightest doubt or second thoughts because I know they will help you and the baby feel good.
It was clear that Baby Girl didn't know for sure what John was talking about, so the man came to her help.
"I was under the impression that you were an intelligent man Detective, so try to keep up!" Sherlock commented slightly bored.
John smiled, glanced briefly at Misha, comfortable between the two men, before meeting the detective's gaze.
"You have no idea how much I'd like to punch you right now" John said, trying to control his instincts.
Sherlock smiled, despite his slightly red face, and propped up his elbows to watch John get rid of his pants and boxers annoyingly twisted around his ankles.
-This room is reserved for doctors...-he scolded him but took another cup from the cabinet for his guest.
Could it be that Mycroft's information and surveillance network had reached such a low level? Or was it another piece of information that his dear brother had decided to keep from him?
Molly looked down, caught red-handed: it was the first time her role in Sherlock's fake suicide came to light.
Before I could vanish, the sergeant stopped me to tell me that my intuitions were correct and that I was an idiot because I was wasting my gift with cocaine- Sherlock concluded.
Sherlock smiled, annulling with a slight movement of his head the distance between them to capture John's lips for a new passionate kiss; their lips slanting together lazily, while Sherlock’s body pressed against John’s trying to forget the sad thoughts that had surprised him a few moments before and focusing his full attention on his lover, cataloguing every little sigh or moan that his lips could snatch from Sherlock.
They remained silent until Mrs. Hudson poured the tea into two cups and placed some cupcakes  on a saucer; in that time he looked around, examining the new wallpaper, seeing some framed photos placed everywhere in the kitchen: Mrs. Hudson with John, with Molly and Dimmock on their wedding day, there was one with Greg and even one with the stranger he now knew was called Jack Micheals.
As soon as they walked through the entrance of the Zoo, John found himself following the detective once again, vaguely wondering where they were going until they found themselves in front of the glass cages that constituted the "Gorilla Kingdom".
From some small twitches on Sherlock face, John had noticed how much the man missed his violin , who was still jealously guarded in his bedroom, in a hidden corner of his closet; by the contraction of the muscles or by the fetal position that the man occasionally assumed on the sofa, it was clear that boredom was beginning to take a hold of him, given the lack of stimulation and cases; and from the constant gaze that seemed to follow him everywhere in the apartment, it was evident Sherlock had to reassure himself and John of his return and their joint presence at 221B Baker Street finally again in the same place after three years.
The doctor met Sherlock's gaze again and for a moment did not know what to answer: did Angelo know that the man was alive?
-The first rule of these meetings is confidentiality, we only know the names of our companions and their stories, but I know that you all have seen my face on the front pages of the newspapers in the last week-he said ironic getting a small laugh from the crowd.
I was convinced it was a complete waste of time and I wouldn't even have been there if it wasn't mandatory... Anyway, I was there wandering around the stands when I stopped next to the Army and this man started making conversation: the Captain told me about life in the Army, how much it strengthened your character and allowed you to make friendships that would last for the rest of his life, he told me that the Army allowed me to travel  the world...-
I've always wanted a brother or sister, but Mum always says I'm unique and very special- she replied with a smile.
Several times their eyes met and, even without a word, the two men knew that the other one was happy and that nothing would ruin that day.
Anthea again turned to him with her small smile and, without saying anything, turned and walked toward the elevators, forcing Greg to hurry up to narrow the distance between them.
Fifteen minutes later, his guest entered the bar, glanced at him, and approached the counter to make his own order.
Sherlock felt the gaze of the entire room fixed on himself but ignored it completely in favor of the green eyes that despite the distance had met his own.
"The next time he's hungry, you'll have to manage on your own young man" she said before leaving the apartment going downstairs.
Sherlock had not even finished saying his sentence that John was already shaking his head forcefully.
Sherlock entered the small hall and followed Mrs. Hudson to her apartment, looking at the seventeen-step staircase leading to the apartment he had shared with John.
The connection had not been immediate, but it had become obvious when Greg moved into the new apartment in Marylbone, clearly above his economic possibilities, and posh enough to fit into Mycroft’s tastes.
His ears recorded Sherlock's baritone voice even before his eyes could see his figure in the kitchen; Sherlock, as usual in his pajamas and dressing gown, was sitting next to the table busy having breakfast with little Hamish.
-Okay, but why make a suicide pact? After all, they were two kids...- he commented, throwing a glance at the boy and immediately thinking about Daniel, wondering for the thousandth time if he was okay and safe.
John nodded slowly, feeling the anger that had been tempered for a while by other conflicting emotions rising again, combined with a feeling that John had never felt so overwhelming.
-The clothes are high fashion, clearly expensive, and you have found his personal items on the corpse.
A "normal" person, at the end of a long day of work, full of commitments, has no other desire but to go home and lie on his bed forgetting the outside world for a couple of hours, lying on his bed in a dreamless sleep.
-How would you say I'm not a catch? I have everything a woman could want! -he retorted slowly following his friend up the stairs.
-Long story short, the bullet damaged some nerves in the right shoulder and the fifteen minutes of stand by brought severe blood loss and as a result, favored septicaemia.
Greg let himself go against the back of the armchair, aware that that conversation would bring nothing good.
It was obvious, however, that he was not comfortable, that he was not completely relaxed and even Anderson would understand that the nervousness was due to the presence of the detective in what John considered his "
-Sherlock…- John chastised him in a whisper before turning to Tommy- Did you know the victim? - he asked to Tommy in an affable tone.
I don't want to talk to you right now... Believe me, you wouldn't like it at all if I stayed here and discussed this again with you - Greg warned him staring at Mycroft for a few moments with angry eyes.
I had long hoped that I could avoid my death, I believed to the last minute that I could find an alternative, a solution to the problem, but with the appearance of Richard Brooks it became clear that I could not have done otherwise.
Undisturbed, he glanced at the hanger by the door and noticed the man's black coat, how had he not noticed it last night?
They were next to each other, immortalized with a cup of coffee in their hands; John was leaning against a wall, his head facing down, in the usual position he assumed when he was laughing at something he thought was inappropriate and his hypothesis was confirmed by the amused smile on the stranger's lips.
Letting go of his umbrella against his right armrest, Mycroft stood up and approached the basket, leaning slightly over it carrying both hands to the child's side, slowly lifting him still wrapped in the white blanket and laying him against his left shoulder, meeting Sherlock's incredulous gaze.
Old trophies won thanks to rugby matches were neatly placed on the shelves of fake wood and the walls were still covered with posters of rock bands and Doctor Who.
He looked at the detective's face in the small screen, recognizing in the background the press room of Scotland Yard... Greg was almost certainly in the corner, his arms folded against his chest as if he wanted to protect himself from any vitriolic phrases the detective would have reserved for the press.
He had found father and son busy playing with colorful building blocks and wished them a good day and advised them not to do too much damage, then left the house walking the short distance between the apartment and the clinic.
Recalling what Jack had told him only the day before, Sherlock decided to stay on the sidelines for the moment, but did not lose sight of the group: he observed the incredulous expression that took hold of Greg's face when he saw him there, and the satisfied smile who instead curved Jack's lips, but above all stored in his memory the redness that spread instantly to John's face only to see him swallowing... Did he have a secret interest in his throat?
