Other-Him shakes his head, snorting as he squeezes the lemons. “Idiots as always. Back when Charlie—” Other-Him coughs, something flitting across his face before he continues. “Back when Charlie was still… around, we used to have a betting pool about when they would finally get back together. Five years later and— I think even
“I was driving to Pontiac because his flight got cancelled and he needed someone to pick him up, y’know? And I was going past some shady motel on the highway, and I… I saw Cas there, with some guy I think he works with? It’s— it wasn’t anything obvious, of course, but they were in the same motel room, and… they were just talking, right? They weren’t…”
Sam can’t believe they made it. He knows the absence of Cas is going to hit them pretty soon — Dean’s already fidgeting, pulling his collar over his mating gland — but for now, it’s enough.
Other-Him puts a hand on Other-Dean’s arm, and Sam feels a strange sort of surprise when he and the Other-Him roll their eyes at the same time at Other-Dean’s lack of tact, even if Other-Him’s missing the anger that Sam has.
They both sigh, and Dean shakes his head. It was meant to just be a quick, one-time thing — a classmate wanting a date to stick it to his homophobic cousins, Dean needing a date to finally get everyone off his back about ‘settling down’. The fact that neither of them actually
There’s a distinct fruity tinge to it that only happens in heat — Sam’s pretty sure it’s watermelon with some kiwi— but even with that, there’s something strange, an aura of lightning crackling that makes no sense. Sam hopes that it’s just Dean’s body’s reaction to Other-Cas because if not, if it wants Other-Cas from their meeting or something, not
They don’t say anything for a bit, and then Dean brings his hands up and cards them through his hair. “This is…” he shakes his head, snorting, “this is so stupid.”
“Okay, I’m lost,” Other-Dean says, and then he narrows his eyes at Dean’s visible sorrow, gesturing with his beer bottle. “And what the hell’s going on the—?”
“And Balthazar, I’m sure, would hate getting involved in this — he actually quite likes our current arrangement, I think.”
He pauses and asks the question he doesn’t care about. “You mean our world— our world still exists?”
“Look, maybe I should just… tell Cas to get out, or something. Don’t think they’ll let us leave, not with ‘Billie’ or whatever.” It’s weird, saying ‘Cas’ but picturing someone entirely different from the lazy-ass demon that saved Dean from hell because he thought he was ‘pure’, and then proceeded to invite him to orgies on five separate occasions. This new Other-Cas seemed to require all three syllables of his name instead of the one that suited Dean’s mate perfectly.
He hesitates and then opens the door, finding Dean naked on the bed, his hand covered in his own slick and clutching his cock while his eyes, half-lidded, are raised towards the ceiling with a constant litany of “Cas, Cas,
invested in you that your souls? They’re special. And I would hate for you to have died and powered up Chuck. Again.”
There’s silence on the other end, and Dean lets himself take whatever guilty pleasure he can in that. They’d figured out pretty early on that for this arrangement to work they couldn’t yell whenever one of them slipped up, and as much as Dean wants to throttle Cas for being so careless, he knows that Cas took as many precautions as he could and it was just bad luck.
Other-Him pushes a beer into his hand with a thin smile that only has Sam cringing because if that’s how he looks when he’s uncomfortable how in the hell did he and Dean pull off their Fed routine for that long. There’s an uncomfortable silence during which both of them are probably trying to unravel the mystery —
or something.” The disgust for the food chain in Other-Dean’s voice is evident, and Sam just snorts, deciding not to ask who ‘Jack’ was. There were more important things at hand.
Her tiny smirk is all the answer he needs when she continues. “Of course, I can’t bring you two back there, because Chuck would notice, but one tiny, insignificant, alternate reality still running? Barely a blip on our radar. But recently it’s come to my attention that one stoner demon is trying to break the wall between worlds, which
Without waiting for a response Dean leaves, and Sam closes his eyes, letting his head rest against the top of his beer bottle. The important thing was that both of them were still alive. They could deal with Dean later.
in this universe was just bad enough. “Look, I— we have some books on human anatomy and genders if you guys want to… go through it, or something. We… we should be back in a day or something, if we aren’t… emergency numbers are programmed into the Bunker.”
“We’re gonna stay here for a bit… Dean’s going to have to have a room to himself, though, to be safe.” Next to him, now leaning on a pillar, Dean snorts, but Sam continues when he doesn’t make an effort to clarify or interrupt. “And your world’s, uh, your world’s Cas — it would be better if he wasn’t really there either.”
The sulfur trademarked of demons is missing, and instead he smells like lightning, the ozone that Hannah — and, later, Anna — had. Worst of all?
Sighing, Dean turns and opens his inbox, already finding a strongly worded email from Ms. Kaia Nieves that gives Dean a headache just looking at it. “Alright. I’ll call Sam tomorrow, hopefully stop him from pissing in your coffee or something.”
or hadn’t even talked to each other before it had just been an added bonus, and now it was nice, not having Jo and Sam and even
Still, Sam’s pretty sure Other-Dean’s saying that more out of suspicion than generosity, so he shakes his head and says no even as Dean winces again, and Sam barely has to catch a whiff of his scent to figure out that they need to get away from Other-Cas,
to Dean, which, if it was anything like in our world, is a— a pretty big deal. I’d think your, uh, Cas would want to— want to save it.”
is way too strange to be normal, and nothing works better than a good case to get his mind off of everything. Even suppressants smell distinctly tangy or minty, and the ones that advertise scent-less-ness just smell like lies.
The resignation in her tone, the way she looks at him — smirking, taunting — makes Sam wonder how many Winchesters she’s seen, how many’ve ‘been Chuck’s favorite’. How many went off-book. How few stayed.
“He’s an Alpha, I’m an Omega.” Dean kicks his feet up on the table, but the nonchalance is just a show, and all of them know it. Other-Dean’s mouth opens and closes, vaguely fish-like, almost, and Other-Him looks practically catatonic.
There’s a very pregnant pause, and then Other-Them carefully, in unison, say, “We’re ‘males’,” finger quotes and all.
In the kitchen, he pauses before rifling through the cabinets, finding the honey and eventually putting a pot of water to boil on the stove. As much as Dean hated the stuff, he’d once confided in Sam that it was pretty good when he was stuck without Cas on heats, and so Sam taught himself to brew tea, just in case.
He’s looking for the lemon when he hears footsteps and he lifts his head up, meeting the eyes of Other-Him. He’s leaning against the doorframe, hands awkwardly shoved in his pockets as his eyes roam over the kitchen, glancing at the stove and keeping his gaze there. Sam pauses, waiting, but when Other-Him doesn’t look like he’s going to be saying anything anytime soon, he continues his search.
Before he can say anything, though, Other-Cas steps forward and presses his hand to Dean’s forehead, his hand spritzing for a heartbeat before glowing, presumably to try to ‘heal’ Dean’s shakes. Dean physically jumps, and Sam’s eyes widen and even as he goes to break it apart Other-Him is already there, quickly pulling Other-Cas away from Dean. Other-Dean watches with narrowed eyes as Sam rushes up and tries to soothe Dean’s scent to no avail.
Other-Him raises an eyebrow and shares another, loaded look with Other-Dean, and then just shakes his head. “No, we… don’t. What’s a ‘mating gland’?”
Billie smiles, for the first time looking like she means it. “Smart boy, Sam. Y’know, in another world, you could’ve become a Harvard Law Professor instead of just teaching kindergarteners their ABC’s.” She smirks. “Oh wait. You did. Then that you died in a car accident the same day Dean died in the line of duty. The next day, that world crumbled to pieces. Funny how these things work out, isn’t it?”
“…Billie. Fucking hell. Sam’s right. You guys are retired, right? I guess we’ll… call on you if we need help?”
Sam nods, almost to himself. “Makes sense.” He waits, for a moment, for the question he knew he would eventually ask, and he isn’t disappointed.
Next to him, Dean flinches, his hands flexing in his lap even as he stares, open-mouthed, at Other-Cas. It’s obvious that Other-Them notice, even if Other-Cas doesn’t, but for a moment it’s just too much, the changes between worlds, and Sam just wants to curl up in a ball and sleep and wake up with a suitcase packed for his and Eileen’s next road trip and Dean and Cas a block away.
“Look, you guys can do this later, okay? Right now, Dean needs to settle down, we can figure this out later.” Sam uses a little bit of his ‘teacher-voice’ and suppresses a snort at the way Other-Them seem so surprised by it. He waits, a beat, and when no one argues, he nudges his head and then Dean walks over, both of them leaving quickly.
“Mated,” Dean says carefully, and Sam takes care to keep his face passive as he notices Other-Him spotting the tell-tale signs of grief all over Dean’s face. “Ya’know, together? Don’t you guys have mating glands or whatever?”
,” he says, and it almost brings him back to the days of Meg and Lucifer and even Gadreel, referring to himself in the third person like that. Other-Dean shoots him a look at his choice of vocabulary but doesn’t comment, thankfully.
Other-Them still frown but say nothing, and so Dean says nothing. Other-Cas frowns, though, and Sam can’t help but sneak another glance because the Cas
. Fun. Dean’s hands are tense, curled up into balls and shaking. From the red in his eyes it was obvious that when he entered the room 12 hours ago with the intention of taking a nap it had never actually happened, but Sam knew from personal experience that now sleep wouldn’t come until two weeks later, so he says nothing. The silence hangs for a moment, tall and looming, before they hear the bunker door open again and footsteps patter down the steps in the distance.
, Sam sighs, and Dean glances at him, shrugging his agreement as Sam begins speaking. “A mating gland is a… it’s like… it’s a way to symbolize a true mating, ya’know? Some people use rings if they’ve already been pierced, but it’s how you know that they’re serious about each other, even if they do have a scent bond.”
But because he’s a good big brother he still picks up the phone, finishing inputting Evans’s grade into the database and getting started on Chamber’s essay.
“Wouldn’t be the first time, Sammy.” Dean rolls his eyes, fists clenching and jaw tightening. “Look, I’ve already gone through C— through Cas dying, okay? I know how this works. And right now I just need to take my mind off things, relax.”
did was because of—” Dean’s voice cuts off while Other-Dean’s eyes narrow, flicking down and back to where Dean’s arm tenses, flexing and unflexing in his lap. “Well. Anyway. Don’t know how you’d trust a demon, but something must’ve changed.”
He wants to comfort Sam but they both know it’s a false notion to hold onto, that Cas probably is cheating on Dean. But this is something Dean needs to talk to Cas about
Finally, Other-Dean carefully leans forward, fingers laced together around his bottle in a way that’s so similar and yet so
,” Sam whispers, and it seems like Other-Cas trying to heal Dean must’ve sped something up in the reaction process because now it was looking like Dean was going through heat two months early, the one time they didn’t have any extra suppressants. He couldn’t even begin to understand how that worked, but now it was practically the worst thing possible.
Sam blinks, and he has to admit, he’s a little surprised that Other-Him’s backed off the mating thing so quickly, especially because he seemed so interested, but he guesses he knows himself and so he just answers the other question. “We used the grace extraction thing — don’t know if you guys have the same thing here, but back in our world, we found a needle in the Men of Letters’ bunker that took the leftover angel grace from an empty vessel, and used it on me to get Lucifer’s archangel grace, and then just got the other stuff.”
Dean nods jerkily, his skin sweating even as he clenches his hand, walking practically a mile out of the way just so he was out of Other-Cas’s way and didn’t smell him as they went to the kitchen. Reaching there, Dean rests his hands on the cold metal, and Sam has to admit, his accidentally bringing Dean to the one comfort place that could calm him down was pretty smart.
They hang up and Dean rolls his eyes, dialing Cas’s number. He knew it was a bad idea to have Cas arrive in Lebanon a week before him for the wedding, and holy shit was he right.
. We still need to tell Castiel, though. If he hangs around or tries to heal you again, I don’t—” Sam cuts himself off when he notices Dean raise an eyebrow at the ‘Castiel’, even as his hands shook, his face turning steadily red as it seemed like Dean was bodily stopping himself from throwing himself out the door and confronting Other-Cas like he was his.
Billie shrugs — slow, languid — and with it the scythe disappears. “Four Winchesters are better than two, it would seem,” she says, and then, almost conspiratorially, adds, “besides, Winchester souls are special. It would be…
Other-Them are staring, and Other-Cas is frowning, rubbing his hands together almost like he was trying to get the grace back in it for round two. “Look, Cas— Castiel, thanks for your help, that that’s… that’s really all we need, thanks.”
Sam and Dean both blink, and even as Dean’s scent begins getting filled with something almost like betrayal, they both slip their game face on. Dean opens his mouth to answer and Sam realizes that he had never
They snort and then Dean shakes his head, almost throwing off the humor. “Won’t argue with you there. But who the fuck is Billie?”
“We could stay here? Help out? I mean, we might not have been hunting for a while, but if this is as big as it looks like… I mean, we’re the
But he still makes sure there’s no one there (again) because though he’d occasionally heard Dean going through heat whenever he couldn’t get to Bobby’s fast enough in their teen years, Dean’s still his brother and he likes to think he respects his privacy, so he can feel the blood rushing to his face (and holy shit he’s glad that scents include familial bonds otherwise this would be awkward for everyone involved) when he reaches the door. The scent, which had only just been growing when he walked Dean to his room was now practically a wall of
Other-Him shakes his head, chuckling, and mutters, “Feels like I’m having someone babysitting the Bunker, what the hell.” Other-Dean snorts, knocking shoulders with him as he picks up the empty case of beer. It was weird, seeing them take social cues from body language alone. Dean’s scent was strong enough that Sam could almost feel the anguish like it was his own, a faint imprint of Jess’s blood falling onto his mating gland in a cruel mockery of what could’ve been, and yet Other-Them didn’t
“That’s not all you’re here for, is it,” Sam hears himself say, and even as he speaks the words the puzzle pieces fit together in his head. “You’re— you’re not here to check up on us, or the regular Winchesters. You could’ve done that from anywhere. You’re here for something else, aren’t you?”
“Long story. She’ll probably want to see you guys anyway, been on our ass about ‘large displays of power’ and how ‘we’ll alert Chuck’.”
The Winchester way is to trust no one, though, so Sam supposes he understands. He doesn’t even trust himself. Quite literally.
Other-Them freeze, wide-eyed. “We didn’t want to offend you!” Other-Him yelps, trying to do damage control, but knowing that Dean’s mate was
Sam winces and drops the food off, Dean seeming to finally register Sam’s presence when he pops back from one of the neighboring storage rooms and grabs a change of bedsheets and a towel that Dean would, hopefully, thank him for later.
There’s even more quiet on the other end, and then the slam of a door closing and wind whistling through the microphone as Cas presumably gets outside. “Aunt Amara just got out of rehab, if we want to end it we’d have to wait a few weeks. I don’t think Mother would be able to process it right now.”
She looks at him again, before continuing. “You take the Winchester out of the hunter but you can’t take the hunter out of the Winchester. Y’know, you and Dean — you guys were Chuck’s favorites until you went off-script and decided to settle down, ‘grow a family’. But he was so
.” The tone of Other-Dean’s voice has Sam thinking he was going to use another word instead, and he almost doesn’t want to know what it was going to be.
“You don’t say,” Sam murmurs, and he can hear Other-Them and Other-Cas talking on the other side of the wall and he just wants to scream. They’ve only ‘lived’ for 24 hours and it’s already been more stressful than a month of their domestic life back in their world.
Sam’s quiet, again, and then he continues, almost to himself, “God, this would be so much easier face to face.”
“Stop being such a fucking knothead, it’ll be fine.” Dean groans, taking in a breath even as he forces himself to stand straight. “Hell, I was in purgatory for a year, right? Barely had suppressants for one day of heat, forget two weeks of it. But I figured it out. I can… I can do it again.”
, Sam decides to answer. “We were, up until a few years ago. After Dean, uh, mated, and with Heaven and Hell on our ass, we figured it was best if we laid low, became ‘civilians’.”
Other-Him says nothing, for a while, and Sam fills up the cup of tea and then grabs some random junk food he thinks Dean would need, before heading over to the door. For a moment, he thinks that’s the end of their conversation, but then Other-Him says, carefully, “I— okay. Dean’s— he’s okay, though, right? Safe?”
“Hey, if the pie is as good as you say it is, you can take me anywhere, Cas.” Dean climbed out of the car and followed Cas into the restaurant. As they stepped inside, Dean was instantly slapped with the smell of fresh-baked pies and pastries. “Holy shit, Cas. This place smells amazing.”
“Well, I am a fitness instructor.” Victor pulled out a card and handed it to Dean as he retrieved his change. “I’d be more than happy to get you back to a healthy weight.”
“What are we doing here?” Claire slammed the passenger side door and glared at Dean over the top of the Impala. “We have work to do.”
“Cas and I weren’t going to let you do that.” Sam grabbed Dean’s wrist and checked his pulse while watching his chest rise and fall with some difficulty. “Your one lung is punctured, but once Cas has regained some of his grace, he’s going to finish healing you up.”
"Did you actually try, Dean?" Cas' face contoured into a pout, and Dean knew what he was trying to do.
“So… You’re closing up, right?” Cas took his phone and gave Dean’s back. “There’s honestly nothing keeping you here.”
“I’m the one who invited you, Dean. Let me be a gentleman and treat you? You’ve been providing me with meals for the past couple of months.” Cas finished laying the money on the table and waved to Gabriel before guiding Dean back out of the restaurant. “Thank you for joining me, Dean.”
“Let it all out, Dean. You can let your emotions free. Lydia was an important person to you.” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, causing Dean to flinch. The last thing he expected was for Cas to so intimately enter his personal space. “Focus, Dean. If we stay here too much longer, it’ll be suspicious.”
"He doesn't want to keep the relationship, Sam. Cas says it right there." Dean pointed at his phone.
“You don’t know that.” Charlie stood up and offered her hand to Dean. “Come on, Handmaiden. I know it’s not a LARP, but I still need you by my side.”
“I know you do, Cas. And I’ve told you before, you’re about to have me.” Dean swallowed as he quickly contemplated his next words. “Cas. I want you to chase me. I want you to catch me, pounce on me, claim me as yours. But I need a headstart.”
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas came back behind the counter and wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulder. “What happened isn’t your fault.”
Dean started to reply when a customer walked up to the counter. “Hey, look, I’m sorry. I usually don’t do this, but I was wondering. What were you talking about?”
“I swear it. He has one of those practice exams this morning, and he’ll be there right after.” John sounded relieved - and strangely thankful - something that Dean could count on maybe one hand. “Thank you, Dean. I promise. Log your times. You’ll get the time and a half for today.”
"Yeah, about that suit... It doesn't fit me, Cas." Dean held up his hands in defense. "I mean, it won't zip up because my shoulders are broader than yours, and your thighs are so big..." Dean trailed off, his mind going to inappropriate places momentarily before he snapped back to attention. "How am I protected if I can't get the suit on?"
Dean sat back, his burger finished, and nursed his beer. "Thanks, guys. That was almost as good as one of mine."
Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. “I’m sorry, Dean.” Sam felt Dean’s body twitch as Cas pulled the knife out of his side. The bright warm glow that indicated healing emitted from Cas’ fingers, and the bleeding from Dean’s side stopped. While the angel was distracted with Dean’s injury, healing what he could while he could, Sam kept an eye on his brother, making sure Dean was still breathing, was still alive. Sam watched as Dean’s lips opened slightly, his tongue barely moistening them, as he softly whispered, “I love you, Cas.” before going limp in his arms.
“I heard him too, Cas.” Sam sighed, running his fingers through his hair. “I know you don’t want to leave his side right now, but for both of your sakes, please.” Sam sat on his bed. “Do it so you can make sure he wakes up, and you can yell at him for not telling you sooner.”
"Yes, Cas." Dean brought the pipe back up to his lips and breathed in deeply through his nose before blowing it out through his mouth. The balloon popped out of the end of the rod and started to inflate. Dean looked over to Cas as he inhaled through his nose again, and for a moment, swore that he saw a flash of darkness cross Cas' bright blue eyes.
“What was that?” Cas tilted his head, and a look of something almost unrecognizable flashed across the former angel’s face: Fear.
Victor cleared his throat. “She cheated on you because she thought you were cheating on her. Poor Cassie was too embarrassed to tell anyone who it was.” He looked Dean up and down. “You tell me who you cheated on her with, and I’ll give you a year free of personal training sessions to help you burn off—” He gestured at Dean’s stomach. “—that.”
“Hey, babe.” She pointed the nozzle of the fire extinguisher in her hands at the asshole-in-question. “Credentials or I squeeze the nozzle again.” The man quickly scrambled and showed her his ID. “Gordon Walker, Chewlie Gum Sales Representative.” Lisa shoved the ID back at him. “You caused this damn commotion for what? To sell a few packs of gum?” She sprayed him with the extinguisher again. “Get out of here!” Lisa turned the nozzle at the rest of the crowd. “As for the rest of you! Don’t you all have jobs? Do you want to be treated the way you just treated him? For fuck’s sake, make your purchases and get out of here and stop being a bunch of damn sheeple!”
Dean nodded in agreement. “Yeah, well, I’m at the point I want the cops to be ignorant. You see how they are on a regular basis. Imagine what they’d do if they knew that the supernatural were real. No creature would be safe.”
“And I’m going home with Gilda.” Charlie gave Cas a hug and whispered in his ear. He smiled and nodded before she looked back at Dean. “Peace out, bitches.”
Sam watched as the demon got the drop on Dean. His brother had been up his own ass again, watching Cas, as though the angel were the only thing worth watching in the world. What he had expected was for Dean to curse, turn around, and slam the demon-killing knife into the demon’s chest. Dean collapsing to the ground in a heap was the last thing he thought he was going to see.
“Not that any of them would have a chance.” Dean shrugged. “Not interested. I mean, we’re graduating in a few months. People are heading off to college. Hell, even though I’m not going far, I don’t want to string anyone along.” Dean watched as Cas frowned. “Dude, I’m not gonna leave my number one guy high and dry.”
Cas' head tilted to the side and, after a moment, he laughed. "I can't believe I forgot that there was another meaning to that phrase." He stood up and pulled Dean along with him. "However, I need to ask. Why did you practically run out the door when class was over."
Dean was miserable. He sat in the chair, holding his jaw, wishing for a swift death instead of the slow and painful one he was experiencing.
Dean pushed the tape into the deck and started the trek to Cas’ house. They didn’t speak much — they didn’t need to — and they relaxed as Dean followed the now well-known drive. As he pulled into the driveway, Steve Perry’s voice started serenading through the speakers. Cas climbed out of the Impala and waited for Dean at the door. As Dean joined him, he noticed that cool, calm, collected Cas was vibrating nervously.
“It’s not too late to just close the store for the day, Dean. John can go fuck himself. You deserve to live your life.” Cas wrapped his arm around Dean in a one-sided hug. “You’re allowed to live your life.”
Cas tilted his head in confusion before his eyes widened in realization. “You two first bonded over not having mothers.”
"Charlie. Go figure." Dean rolled his eyes and opened the envelope. A traditional card wishing him a happy birthday waited for him, but it was what was inside the card that piqued his curiosity.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas stretched, and his shirt rode up, barely exposing the tattoo on his hip. He ran his fingers through his hair before exiting the Impala and heading back to the trunk.
After what seemed like several minutes of nothing but 'mhmms' and other one-word answers, Cas spoke up again. "No, I understand. I'm extremely hard-working, dedicated, and loyal. I stay on task, and I've been told that my ability to handle multiple projects at once is impressive."
“That we’d only come home to teach.” Dean chuckled softly. “Cas got away. Even if there was a chance he forgave me, there’s nothing here to give him a reason to stay.”
"Go ahead and grab the blowpipe, Dean." Cas pointed to the rack at the end of the bench. Dean took a quick look at the other benches and saw that the other two groups had already started. He followed Cas' request, double-checking to make sure he got the blowpipe and not the punty, and joined Cas over at the furnace. "Alright, Dean. Show me that you can work that pipe. How was I holding it when I slid it into the furnace?"
A muffled woman’s voice sounded over the line. John must have covered the phone, as the conversation was cut off. After a moment, he spoke again.
“It’s alright, Dean-O.” Garth walked over and clapped his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m gonna get these guys to the rink. We’ll have someone cover your spot, and we’ll be able to continue our practice. Just sorry you won’t be there.”
A switch flipped back on inside of Dean. The silence he had been fighting to maintain was broken, and within moments he was cursing and crying out, begging for Cas to let him come.
"You act like I'm done with you." Cas got to his feet and pulled on Dean's shirt. His eyes were dark with lust and arousal. "You can't return the favor that way, but I know another way."
“It’s Gabriel’s restaurant.” Cas blushed. “It only opened last week, but he said I could bring you this week.”
“Again, Dean? You have always had a tendency to overthink things.” Cas folded his hands on the table. “Why did you panic?”
"Technically, I still am. However, this is a family business, and my brothers also like to be involved with passing down our knowledge. Also, this is an odd-numbered class, so I'm going to pair off with one of you." Cas looked at Dean, causing Dean to swallow harshly.
"And I love you, Dean." Cas rested his hands on Dean's waist and helped shift him into a position that was comfortable for both of them. "So, I was thinking."
“I’m scared!” Claire yelled. “Okay? I’m scared! I saw what Cas’ deaths did to you. I know what Kaia’s not-exactly-a-death did to me. I can’t lose her. And I don’t want her to hurt if she loses me. But you know what that’s like, don’t you? Can’t even tell Cas you love him, even though he told you first.”
"That may have been the case, yes." Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "He wasn't exactly surprised to see me walk out of your room, and he may have cornered me."
“Nah, I have this test in the bag, and you can hold me to that.” Dean kicked his feet up on the bench Cas was sitting on. “So, you’re learning about me tonight. Wanna tell me more about you?”
“JESUS, CALM DOWN!” Lisa started pacing behind the counter. “SHUT UP A SECOND, AND I’LL TELL YOU!” She started tapping on her fingers, causing Dean to glare. “You know, I didn’t freak out like this when I asked you how many girls you fucked!”
“Not sure how you’re gonna be able to one-up dinner and pie.” Dean looked over at Cas, returning the smile.
Gabriel’s face twisted into a smug smirk. “I get it. Don’t worry, little bro.” He grabbed two menus and led them back to a booth. “Take your time. Just flag me down when you’re ready.”
"But, you'd be happier if we could be us in front of others." Dean nodded and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He turned on the camera and set it for a selfie. "Then let's not hide anymore." He pressed his lips against Cas' cheek and snapped the photo. He looked at it for all of a moment, noting the surprising happiness on Cas' face before sending it in their group text.
"What are the groups, Cassie?" Gabriel nudged Cas in the side. "I'm sure your students would like to be
“Yeah.” Cas nodded and unlocked the door. “I just really hope you like your surprise.” He opened the door, took Dean’s hand, and pulled him inside. “Mom and Dad are out of town.”
“What happened?” Dean looked up from the research and watched the girls across from him. As they hesitated to respond, he continued. “Calling Jody isn’t off the table.”
“Yep. And her father? Well… we bonded over that too. Her parents were only children, and she was an only child.” Dean searched the gathered group. “I wonder what is going to happen to her daughter.” He pointed to the front row. “That’s her old man, and I’m assuming the girl is hers.”
Ash looked at Cas and sighed. “Fine. Charlie and I are gonna head out. You have my number. Call me if you change your mind.”
When Cas didn’t make any move to rest, Sam spoke up again. “Cas, please. You need to rest too. Meditate, sleep, whatever it is you need to do.”
“Dean. You can’t hide from me.” Charlie rejoined him on the bed and snuggled up next to him. “And honestly, you can’t hide from Cas. It’s been over fifteen years. While it sounds like you’ve still got a torch going for him, it may not be the same for him. You can’t be afraid to face Cas.”
“Lis, I don’t know what to do. I wasn’t even supposed to be here today, but the old man called and said ‘jump.’” Dean looked up at Lisa from his spot in her lap. He let out a sigh as she pet his hair and snuggled closer.
Listening to Charlie, her words confirming that his heart sat clearly visible on his sleeve? Everything made sense. Now Dean knew why John got uptight when Cas was around. It was no secret that John Winchester was a homophobe, and he had made it clear what would happen if Sam or Dean had come out as some kind of queer. So Dean put on the false bravado and machismo that was expected of him. And since he never said that he was gay, John left him alone.
"I swear. I know it's the holidays, so I know people are tired and don't want to cook, but it's never been this busy." Benny leaned back in his chair, smiling at Sam. "How about you? What's going on at the firm?"
How the hell was it so fucking busy so fucking early on a Saturday? Weren’t people supposed to sleep in? Dean rolled his eyes as the next person walked up to the counter. “Anything else I can get you?”
The door opened, and in walked Desiree, her smile no less devious than during their time together at the bar. “I was hoping this was an open invite.”
Cas and Gabriel nodded in agreement. Cas slid the rod back into the furnace and scraped it against the crucible, removing the molten glass off of it. "It's not uncommon to mess up in this line of work. and while we can carefully remove smaller errors, say the stem for a wine glass crooked, sometimes scrapping the whole piece is the unfortunate way to go." Cas looked at the end of the rod. "Alright. I'm going to demonstrate one more time before we go back to the benches. Observe."
“She’s great. She was best friends with my mom, so Sammy and I grew up calling her Aunt Ellen. Her daughter, Jo? She’s in Sam’s grade. So it was like having that big extended family to grow up with.”
“Dean. Every single one of those contractors were innocent. They were hired to do a job, and they ended up as pink mist floating in space. They weren’t there to be in the war.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, causing Cas to huff in frustration. “Alright, let’s say you’re a plumber. And the government offers you a contract to work on a project. It’s lucrative, and you’ve got rent, Sam’s room, and board at Standford, sending him some extra money so he can enjoy his time at college. You’ve got your Baby. Image all the original parts you can buy. And, as it’s a government contract, you get all sorts of benefits for your family.” Cas was clearly waiting for it to sink in, so Dean nodded. “So now you’re up in space. You’re working, earning every last cent offered to you. Out of nowhere, the fucking rebels swoop in, find the weakest areas, and destroy the Death Star with their lasers. How big’s the Death Star? Three-mile radius, right?. Everyone on the damn ship is wiped out. You. Your coworkers. The guys brought up to metalwork—the computer nerds. Not a single one of you asked for it. You were merely trying to live. They didn’t know where your politics lay. Hell, your political beliefs died with you.”
“Did you forget that I’m an angel?” Cas appeared in front of Dean. He grabbed and turned Dean before shoving him down onto the bed. “I am rather impressed that you were able to get so far from the Impala, though.”
"You're doing so well. You're such a fast learner, Dean." Cas looked over to the other groups that were struggling slightly. "Get that balloon a little bigger, and we can move on to the glass."
“That’s uh… Yeah, that’s not what I….” Cas let out a sigh of resignation. “Let’s go. If we want to get there before it’s over, we need to leave now.”
Dean took the paper from Cas. “Lydia?” He read over the obituary. “Cancer. Left behind a daughter.” Dean felt himself tear up as he set the paper down. “How long has it been?”
“Jimmy.” Cas didn’t take her hand but stood up and nodded his head towards the bathroom. “Let me use the men’s room, and then I’d enjoy continuing this conversation.”
Dean continued leaning against the counter in stunned silence. Now, whether that silence was because Charlie spoke to him or the fact that other people noticed that he was in love with Cas? He could figure that out later. Dean ran his fingers through his hair, his mind running through the day’s events that led him to this point.
"I'm sorry, Sir. I'm listening, and I want to be good." Dean took a moment to breathe in deeply through his nose as Cas pushed his thumb inside of him. "I'm just so close to coming, and I don't want to disappoint you."
Dean shook his head as he fought to keep himself from thrusting into Cas’ hand. “No, I mean I’ve been missing out on you.” Cas rewarded him with a kiss, which he quickly melted into. “It’s different when it’s with the person you’re
“Cas and Kaia can cover it for a bit.” Dean shoved his hands in his jacket pockets as he started walking into the park. The ride over had been quiet— Claire’s silent seething had spoken enough for the both of them —and Dean was thankful to be out of the car and out in the open. “Why don’t you think Kaia can handle offering the tribute?”
Cassie nodded. “And that’s why I’m here. I want to apologize.” She reached across the counter and rested her hand gently on Dean’s arm. “I threw a relationship with you away over a stupid misunderstanding.”
The bell on the door rang again as it opened, and Dean looked over to see Cas walking back in. “You couldn’t even last five fucking minutes?”
“Good for you, Cassie,” Dean snarked, interrupting a story he couldn’t care less about. “I highly doubt you’re here to reminisce on the good old days, especially because, you know, you cheated on me.” When Cassie started to speak, Dean held up a finger. “Oh, and on top of that, I just found out
“Not any more than it would usually be rocked.” Cas picked up his books and slid them into his backpack. “I’m the baby, and my mother doesn’t let me forget it.”
A grunt sounded from the other end of the call, causing Dean to roll his still closed eyes. “I need you to open the
"Not a problem, Kevin." Cas pointed at his jeans, and Dean blushed brightly as his eyes went right to his instructor's crotch. "Your legs are extremities, so the heat won't affect them as much as your core–" Cas pointed at his chest. "–or your arms, since those will be the items closest to the furnace. You want the denim to protect your legs just in case the glass starts to drip from inappropriate handing." Cas looked at Dean and smiled. "But I promise that as long as you listen, you won't have to worry about not handing your load."
“Technically, you shook—” Ash held his hands up when Dean started to square his body up. “I’m stopping. But I think you really need to close the store. You’re going to let this eat at you.”
“Angel.” The siren spat to the side before looking back up at him. “Say I wasn't working alone. Why would I give away my partner? Wouldn’t it make more sense for me to make sure they stay safe? Unlike the way you gave away green-eyes back at the pool table?”
“So what’s the plan, Dean?” Ash asked as Dean walked back outside with his acquired goods. “You gonna wow us with your art skills?”
Lisa shook her head and pointed at him. “No, you’re being overdramatic! I dated a few guys, and I sucked a few dicks. That’s not a big deal!”
“And I want to get back to the motel in one piece, Cas.” Dean stomped on the gas and Baby peeled out of the bar’s parking lot. He gripped the wheel tightly as Cas wrapped his arms around his shoulders and started sucking on his neck. “Cas. Believe me. I want you, too. I want to help you out. But if we wrap around a pole ‘cause you’re distracting me like this, then you’re gonna have the worst case of blue balls the world has ever seen.”
“I said your grace doesn’t build up that quickly.” Dean started to shrink at Cas’ look before jutting up his chin in defiance. “The last time it took over a week for it to come back.”
“Carolyn Cassady,” Dean replied quickly. “Look, all you have to do is tutor me. It doesn’t have to be here. Let’s grab a burger. My aunt…”
"No." Dean begrudgingly admitted. "But you didn't have to do this. I appreciate it, but it's an all-inclusive class. I see that you blacked out the price, but I know it couldn't have been cheap."
"Wouldn't dream of it, Dean." Sam pointed to Cas. "I'm just glad you listened to me and didn't push him away like I thought you would."
Cas leaned back against the table, occasionally looking over at the other two groups. He didn't tell Dean to stop, instead being satisfied once the balloon popped and caused the other people in the room to jump. He feigned surprise, entirely deadpanning for the rest of the group. "Oops. I guess Dean did so well and got so much air in there that the balloon couldn't handle it." He turned back to Dean and took the balloon remnants off the end of the blowpipe. "Ready to try the glass?"
Dean started to slowly turn the pipe in his hands, building up the momentum as he got used to the feel in his hands. Finally understanding the dexterity needed to turn the blowpipe, his mind started to wander again, wondering what Cas' nimble fingers would be able to do to him.
As he cooked, the front door to his apartment opened. There were only two people who could get in, and the one - Sam - had already said he was going to give Dean his space. The sounds of feet shuffling into the kitchen made him smile, and he turned around. "Hey, Sunshine."
“I need you to show me that you’re mine.” Cas took a step back, and Dean took the opportunity to slip out from between him and the table. “Dean…”
He sat by the sliding door that led to the backyard, waiting for Dean to make his appearance. He had managed to get comfortable, his foot upon a stool as he leaned back in the heavily cushioned chair Dean had brought with him when he moved in. Cas slowly sipped his coffee, reading an article on his phone when a flash of orange caught his attention. He looked up and squinted in the direction of the figure before he realized what he was looking at.
“Oh. Uh…” Cas suddenly became very interested in his milkshake, allowing his words to become mumbled by the straw.
Once inside, the only thing that Dean could think of was how fucking hot it was. There were at least a dozen different furnaces going. Clearly, it would have cost a small fortune to run any kind of AC against those temperatures. Some large barn doors were open, but even the cold January air didn't do much to combat the 2,000+ degree temperatures the furnaces were pumping out.
Dean waggled his eyebrows. "Depends on how far we're into the scene, Sir. If we just started? Leave me hanging. I can go blue for a little while."
“That would be nice.” Cas’ blush darkened as he focused on a spot on the table. Gabriel came back to the table with their drinks, and Cas grabbed his, downing it immediately. Gabriel rolled his eyes and leaned down, whispering something in his brother’s ear before promising he’d be back with another drink before long.
The Impala pulled into a spot right in front of the room they had rented out for the duration of their stay, and Sam shifted her into park. He looked over the seat and into the backseat. Cas had removed his trench coat and tucked it under Dean’s head for additional comfort. Dean’s skin was paler than usual, and his breathing was labored.
“Is that so?” The man took the ball and chucked it towards the water culvert that ran by the strip mall. It landed in the water and was swiftly carried away. “Ooops. I guess if there’s no ball, there’s no whatever the fuck you’re playing up there. Now. Get down here and open your fucking store!”
If the week before had gone by fast, there were no words that Dean could think of to describe how fast the week before his third class had gone. He was a strange combination of nervous and excited. Dean got the distinct feeling that Cas was into him, which excited him, but if he was reading it wrong... Yeah. Dean was a nervous wreck.
"Have I been reading this wrong?" He pointed between himself and Dean. "Because if I have, I apologize profusely. I'll switch, you can work with—"
Cassie, once upon a time, had been good for him. She made him popular, she boosted his self-confidence. Even when she cheated on him, Cassie had helped him. He learned that he could do better.
"Cas uh... Cas, well..." Dean picked up his phone and unlocked it before sliding it across the table to Sam. "I am warning you. From brother to brother. Don't scroll up."
Garth chuckled. “Get in position.” Benny grumbled and headed to his makeshift goal box. “Thank you, Benny.” He pointed to the spot marked as center ice. “Centers, take your positions.” Garth waited until Nick and Lee were in place. “Alright. One. Two. Three!”
Cas rolled his head back, a thunk sounding from where it hit the chair. "I know you're scared of tiny little bees that are more terrified of you. But if you follow my instructions and put on the suit, they will not harm you. I swear. Dean, please. If their frames aren't kept clean and rotated, they can die. That's my livelihood."
"No, Cas. Just grab a seat." Dean waited until Cas was curled up on the couch before opening the door. "Hey, Garth. What's up?"
“What!?” Dean whispered in surprise. His eyes followed to the door where the quiet brunet who sat in the front row entered sheepishly.
Dean muffled a whimper as he tried to focus on spinning the rod. Unlike the week before, where he thought he might come in his pants, he knew it was inevitable this week. Dean was practically trapped against Cas' chest, and he could feel the muscles around him working to keep the molten glass moving. And when Cas shifted? Well, Dean could feel that rod too, and either Cas was packing, or he was having his own issues.
“Please, Cas. Please, please, pleaaaaaaaa—” Dean’s pleas dragged out as Cas started stroking their cocks together, moving them in sync as he thrust up into his hand. “Oh fuck. Fuck fuckfuckfuck.”
"Hey there, sleepyhead!" Garth appeared in Dean's line of sight and held up a small vial. "Here's that little bastard that was bugging you." He passed it to Dean. "You're going to be a little tender until tomorrow or the next day probably. But we need to talk about some aftercare."
After getting the cash drawer for the til, Dean quickly found an old sheet and grabbed a shoe polish bottle off one of the shelves. He made his way back to the front of the store. Dean ducked behind the counter and pulled out a roll of duct tape.
The next morning, Dean woke up to several missed calls and texts. While they were all concerned about him, they all said the same thing. His friends either knew or had a feeling that he was into dudes and that they still loved him all the same. Not ready to face them, Dean got out of bed and headed into the kitchen to make himself breakfast.
Dean nodded as Cas stepped away with the rod, breaking the glass on the end into what must have been the mistake box. He came back and handed it to Dean. "Again."
“You’re sorry?” Cas laughed, the sound ringing with relief. “You’re sorry.” He shook his head and rested his hands on the back of Dean’s neck before pulling him back in for another kiss. “Dammit, Dean. How you ever thought I couldn’t love you back is beyond me.” Cas smirked before gently pushing  Dean backward. He reversed the steps Dean had forced on him before pinning him back against a freezer. “Stay here.”
Sam looked between Cas and Dean before quietly standing up. There was no doubt that they had forgotten that he was in the room. He quietly crossed to the motel door. Sam opened it, stepped outside, and closed it as softly as possible to not pull his brother and best friend out of their private confessional. Luckily, the early morning was calm and peaceful—perfect weather for a walk.
“You’re saying that he does remember?” Dean allowed her to pull him down the path. “So, what are you suggesting?”
“Already have plans today, and I need sleep in order to keep them. So, call someone else.” Dean rolled over on his side, pulling his blanket up and over himself.
Dean's brain pulled a 404, not finding any coherent thought as Cas' lips wrapped around the rod. The image was obscene - at least to Dean - and the only thing he could picture was those lips around his dick. He forced his eyes closed and quickly blinked, trying to get the dirty image out of his mind and focus on the skills that Cas was showing to inflate the molten glass.
“And per the usual, you asked how high, right?” She traced her nails against his scalp and Dean closed his eyes again. “Dean, you have your diploma. You’ve been working on your college degree. Find a job on campus and leave here.”
Dean let out a heavy sigh, his stomach fluttering at the fullness inside of him before he leaned forward and kissed Cas. “You said one time’s not gonna be enough, Sunshine. I’m not going to tell you not to come.” Cas took Dean’s words to heart and started pistoning up into him, his feet firm on the bed as he fucked and claimed and took Dean as his own. “Ah, fuck, Cas!” Dean cried out as each thrust pushed him closer to the edge.
Sam looked at his cellphone. “About two, two and a half hours. You’ve been out for about three. I’m surprised you woke up on your own.”
“Yeah, well, so is she. Supposedly has the best pot on this side of the Mississippi, and you fuckers sold me skunked-out shit.”
"Uh, the usual. Got a new client, though—a much more high-profile one than any of my others. But there's an NDA in place. Can't say who they are unless we actually have to go to court or something. It's unlikely that we'll have to, but you never know." Sam grabbed his own beer and looked over at Charlie. "A little bluebird told me you have some exciting news."
“Even though it’s obvious that he loves you, and you love him? I’d ask why you two aren’t together, but I already know the answer.” Claire stepped forward, causing Dean to pull his hand back. “You’re scared. Just like me.”
“Lisa, I love you, but we’re done.” Dean shook his head and firmed up his stance as Lisa tried to argue. “I should have broken up with you this morning, finding out that you lied by omission. Just… Get out.”
“Really?” She pouted again while pushing up on her tiptoes. She hooked Dean’s chin with her thumb and finger and pulled him in closer. “What if it’s just an outing with an old friend? One you may or may not have had relations with.” Cassie brought him close enough that their lips were a hairsbreadth apart, and had Dean really wanted to, he could have closed the distance between them. “Take me to dinner, Dean. Let me show you how much I’ve missed you.”
Dean looked up, raising an eyebrow in confusion. “Would this have anything to do with why you didn’t go to bed?”
“You’re beautiful, Dean,” Cas whispered against Dean’s skin, shooting sparks down his body. “I’ve never thought in a million years that I would be able to have you like this.”
Dean nodded, afraid to look at Cas. Claire carried through on her promise, which meant that he needed to as well. “I realized that Kaia hadn’t told Claire that she loves her, and I got Claire to confess she hadn’t told Kaia either.”
Yet it was Cas, cuddling Dean, holding him tightly, that surprised Sam the most. He had thought that Dean would have found a way to sabotage himself, to chase Cas away. Sam walked in quietly and set the tray down on Dean's table. As he started towards the door, a voice behind him startled him.
“I spoke with the principal and the Dean at KU. You’re still on track to go, assuming that you take on mandatory tutoring. I know you know your shit, Dean. But considering they don’t know your backstory, you have to do this.”
He stood in a group with four other people, waiting for the instructor to arrive. A couple, Jody and Donna, were there, celebrating their third wedding anniversary together. A teen, Kevin, was there to add the lessons as padding to his college applications, and another teen, Krissy, was there because she wanted to learn the basics before learning how to make lampwork beads.
"There's my beautiful boy who knows how to listen." Dean heard the metal-on-metal sliding of a spreader bar and shivered. "Good things happen when you listen, don't they?"
Using the smoke can, Dean let the smoke slowly drift out of the nozzle and down into the hive. The change in the bees was almost instant, and despite being calm before, they appeared to chill out even more. Almost like they were buzzed out on the good stuff. Dean chuckled at himself. Buzzed out.
“So let me guess. You were high, browsing Facebook, came across your sister’s profile, and saw that she’s going to be in the wedding?”
Sam picked up his blade, as well as Dean’s, and closely followed behind Cas. They were able to get out of the building without being ambushed, and Sam quickly led the way to the Impala. As they approached, Sam pulled his set of keys out of his pocket and rushed ahead to open the passenger side back door for Cas. He stepped back and watched as Dean was gently laid down on the backseat as far as Cas could manage. The angel then headed around to the other side and got into the back seat, pulling Dean in the rest of the way and partially into his lap.
I'm alive because I knew there were risks involved taking on that particular client.” Frank held up the cup of coffee he had made and set a five on the counter. “My colleague wasn't so lucky.” He took a moment and sipped his coffee while Dean got his change. “I’m just going to say this. Unless the contractors were kidnapped and forced to work on it? It means that they were willing to work on the Death Star. It means that they knew the risks. If they were killed, it was their own fault. They chose to listen to their wallet and not their heart.” Frank tapped his chest for emphasis. “There’s always another way.”
“I wasn’t trying to boost your ego, Dean. Just didn’t want to take away from your win. You needed the win.” Cas handed Dean his test back. “So, I was thinking. I know we usually go to the Roadhouse on Thursdays, but maybe we could go somewhere else tonight, my treat?”
“Her viewing is today.” Dean pulled out his cell and looked at the time. “Fuck. There’s only like an hour left.”
"Hello, Dean." Cas walked up and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, pulling him in close for a hug. "I'm sorry I didn't come after you last night. But based on your reaction, I figured you didn't want to give them any hints as to who your mystery boyfriend is."
Cas nodded slowly and slid—almost catlike—back against the passenger door. He looked wound up and ready to spring the moment Dean’s three seconds were up.
Dean sat at the table Charlie had somehow managed to procure for them. If he remembered correctly, this was the highest attended reunion so far. Out of their graduating class of 250-something, 100 were there for the night. He sipped his drink, one of those crappy sherbert punch things he remembered from school dances, and watched as the crowd around him mingled.
Cas joined them, his fingers tenderly pressing at where the knife was protruding from Dean’s side. “I think it’s punctured his lung, Sam.”
Without hesitation, Cas grabbed his blowpipe and stuck it in the furnace. Dean did his damnedest to keep his eyes on Cas' face and not get any ideas from Cas' hands. However, any attempt to keep his mind from wandering was thwarted once Cas pulled the rod out from the furnace and put the blowing end to his lips.
Dean nodded and stood up. He walked over between Sam and Eileen, slapping Sam on the shoulder before pulling Eileen into a hug. "Thank you, guys. I mean it. I'll give Charlie a call on the way home and thank her too."
Dean cut him off, walking Cas backward until he bumped into one of the displays. Dean took the opportunity to capture Cas’ lips with his own, kissing him softly as he brought his hand up to cup Cas’ cheek. Dean pulled back slowly and reluctantly. “Cas? I hate to break it to you, Sunshine, but I have always loved you. I was afraid to admit it, partially because I didn't realize it, somewhat because I was scared you didn’t love me back. And maybe slightly because of where we live.” He rested his forehead against Cas’ and let out a small sigh. “I’m sorry.”
“She did it,” Cas stated quietly. “I knew she could, but I was still worried for her. For Claire.” His eyes went wide, and Dean turned to watch as Claire pulled Kaia into her arms and kissed her. “That’s a new development.”
Cas chuckled along, his eyes locked on Dean as he shared the story over milkshakes at the Roadhouse. “So, how did Victor react?”
that the reason you cheated on me? It was because you thought I cheated on you.” He glared at her, his shoulders tensing in irritation. “How the fuck did you come up with the idea I would cheat on you? You were my first love, Cassie!”
"Come here, Dean." Cas patted his lap, and Dean carefully climbed on top, straddling him. "I said you were clever. I saw the whole thing. The bees weren't upset or offended, and it looked like you might have actually been enjoying taking care of them... if the shaking of your hips were any indication."
“Loitering and causing a disturbance? Fine!” The instigator reached down and grabbed a pack of gum. “I’m going to buy some Chewlies gum! Now I’m a customer, and I’m having a discussion with another customer! Or are you afraid of the truth?”
"Your text." Dean held up his phone again. "You said that you couldn't maintain our relationship. I thought you were ending this between us."
“Wait, really?” Dean smiled. “That sounds like a plan. You want to go now, or do you want me to come and pick you up later?”
Once Cas pulled the rod out, he dismissed the groups back to their benches. He winked at Dean again, promising he'd be right there. Dean crossed over to their bench and positioned himself carefully so no one could see him adjust himself.
The crowd started murmuring in agreement, and Dean cringed. This was not going well. “Look, I’m chewing gum myself!” He pointed at his mouth. “I don’t proactively sell cigarettes. I literally had to ask this guy if he wanted anything else! HE asked for them!”
“What is this?” Sam smiled and gestured at the scene in front of him. “I’m assuming you two finally talked to one another?”
“We’re well aware, Dean.” Cas’ reply caused Dean to snap to attention. “Did you seriously not hear me come in?”
The semi-angel took a long draw from his bottle before looking at the woman again. Both his theory and Dean’s gut had been correct: their creature was a siren. Luckily, Cas had enough grace within him to make himself immune to the Siren’s poison if she tried anything. “I could be. If the reason’s right.”
“John’s the emergency contact for the strip. If something happens, Marv said to call him.” Cas started scrolling through Dean’s phone.
“GODDAMMIT, LISA! I’M BISEXUAL!” Dean cried out, not caring who knew. “I’ve enjoyed the idea of being bent over and fucked, or getting on my knees and sucking off other guys for as long as I can remember. But that doesn’t mean I don’t like fucking women too! Jesus Christ! We live in Kansas! I’m sorry I don’t fucking advertise it for the world to know. I’d much rather not end up dead in a ditch because my father heard me say I find a guy attractive!”
“If you had just answered your phone, you would have known we just needed to know how to gank a Fomorian. We didn’t need you here!” Claire aggressively shoved her research into Dean’s chest. “It would have taken you ten minutes at most, and you could have gone back to bed!”
“I got the siren. But she said she wasn’t working alone,” Cas leaned in and whispered against Dean’s ear. “I thought that your opponent…”
“I’m fine.” he pushed past Dean and reached over the counter, grabbing a paper. Cas leaned back against the counter as he snapped it open.
Cas rolled his eyes and put the dipper back in his pocket. "It's an actual utensil that you use with a honey jar. You dip it in the jar, twirl it, and pull it out, leaving it filled with honey. Our shop is called Honey Dipper because many glassblowers, when referring to pulling the molten glass out of the crucible, call it honey dipping. Observe."
Carefully opening the beekeeper's suit, Dean swallowed hard before stepping into it and started to pull it up. Just like he had guessed, the fabric was ridiculously loose around his thighs. Damn Cas and his running hobby. Sure, the end result was a boyfriend with incredible stamina and endurance, but Dean had to wonder about the efficiency of the suit. He started to slide his arms into the sleeves, and his first prediction proved correct. His shoulders were broader than Cas'. Without having to finish doing it up, he knew there was no way it would close. And if it wouldn't close, bees would be able to get in. Bees that have stingers. And are creepy. And crawl on you. Dean shivered again as he scrambled out of the suit. He frowned, knowing that he was letting Cas down. It wasn't like Cas asked a lot of Dean. He even put up with Dean's obsessive guitar playing, and when he got into writing fits.
Cas set his mug and phone down and rubbed at his eyes, blinking them a few times. Still not believing his eyes, Cas reached into his chest pocket and grabbed out his glasses.
“No one has touched me or kissed me, Dean. Only you.” He rocked his hips against Dean, pulling another quiet moan from him. “I disposed of her then came right out to you. To find you flirting with your opponent.”
“Dude! Stop dragging me into this. Take your pandering outside!” Dean jabbed his thumb towards the door.
The man ignored Dean. “It has been a while, my dear. I don’t see you around the diner anymore. Do you work here now?”
"It's all on you now, Dean." Cas' voice almost sounded like a purr. "You need to do a few by yourself."
As he cleaned up, an important piece of information came back to Dean. While wrapping up the first session, Cas said that the rest of the classes were three hours long. With that thought in mind, Dean groaned. How the hell was he supposed to survive the next lesson, let alone the next several weeks?
"Well done, Dean. Clear off your pipe and put it away." Cas turned and started talking to the rest of the class. "Alright, guys, we're at the end of today's lesson. It looks like everyone has gotten the hang of dipping and gathering. If you're not too busy before our next class, I recommend pulling up a few videos to keep it fresh in your mind. Next week, you all get to learn how to blow."
Cas wrapped his arms tightly around Dean and kissed the top of his head. "I'm just impressed by how well you were able to keep quiet. You're not exactly quiet in bed."
“Stay down, or I will wake Cas up. And you know if he doesn’t knock your ass out, you’ll have to talk about what you said. About what we both heard.” Sam started to move towards the angel.
“Sir? Mr. Winchester?” The cop caught Dean’s attention and dragged his focus away from the door. “So, just to make sure I have this right, the gentleman is, was, a regular here. Two to three times a week, he would come in, buy a new porno, then go into the bathroom to masturbate. Correct so far?”
“Seriously?” Dean picked up the paper and started reading. “WHAT THE FUCK?” He bolted out from behind the counter and out the front door. “DUDE! DUDE!” Dean caught up to the man. “A $500 fine?! What the fuck for?”
She held her hand up, cutting him off. “I’m stoppin’ you there, Dean. You are going to KU.” She looked over at the classroom door. “Castiel, sugar, you there?”
“I think that would work,” Cas replied quickly. Dean mumbled, and Cas’ eyebrow rose in dominance. “What was that?”
"Cas, what are you d—?" Dean withered and got harder at the look Cas shot him. He faced forward again, trying to hold in all the noises he wanted to make as Cas continued to slide into him.
"It hurts." Dean whimpered pathetically. "I don't know what happened. One moment I was chewing on a  nougat bar, and the next, my tooth was practically stabbing my mouth."
“Next to you.” Sam pointed before pressing gently on Dean’s chest. “Try and take one deep breath for me.”
Dean shook his head. “No, Cassie. I highly doubt you’re here to just see me. I actually get the distinct feeling that you’re here to rub it in my face that you’ve got a fantastic job at one of the best papers in the country, you’re still fucking gorgeous, and oh yeah, you’re about to go off and marry the man of your dreams.”
"Absolutely. No, I really appreciate that. Mr. Mullens." Cas pulled his fingers from Dean's mouth and started to stroke his cock again. "Yes, I look forward to talking to you tomorrow, and I'll keep an eye out for that email. Thank you again."
“Ball?” The guy turned to look where Dean was pointing. He looked over and saw it before storming over to it. “This ball?”
“Well then, you’re in some trouble.” The interloper stole a look at Dean and smirked as he swiped on his phone. “This is twenty years.”
"I, uh..." Dean lost his train of thought for a moment as Cas cleaned him off. "Hold on, did I want you to stop? No, not really." Dean waited until Cas climbed on the bed next to him and snuggled up as the little spoon. "Not gonna lie, that was hot."
“Uh, I think so. I don’t remember my exact hours.” Dean rolled his eyes and returned his focus to the original conversation. “Cole? She cheated on me with Cole? For how long?”
Sam held up a finger before pointing at the chair that sat across from him. He stood up as Dean took the seat and crossed over to another table. Sam picked up two glasses and a decanter of whiskey before returning to his own chair. Popping the lid off, he poured a glass for Dean and one for himself. "What's wrong?"
“Looks like you’re having a hell of a day, Dean-o.” Ash took a blunt Charlie handed him and took a hit before offering it to Dean. “Take a five.”
“He needs to be held accountable.” Missouri looked over at Dean and pointed at him. “If you miss even one session with Castiel, I will personally kick your ass.”
John didn’t bother covering up the phone this time when talking to the other person in the room with him.
Cas snorted and shook his head before taking the paper and folding it up neatly. He returned it to the stack and leaned back on the counter. “Anna was asked to be a bridesmaid, though. I just found out today.”
“Like you don’t?” Cas gestured around the shop. “The only difference is you give a shit.” Cas chuckled to himself then shot a salute at Dean. “I’ll be back later. If I’m not back before you eat lunch, three minutes on the lasagna.”
As if reciting a spell, Dean responded, his come painting them both in hot white streaks. The intensity ripped Cas’ orgasm from him not long after, and he collapsed against Dean, pinning him more securely against the freezer door.
A couple of hours later, after walking around the town, waiting for a bakery to open, and acquiring coffee and breakfast for their group, Sam returned to the motel room. He slid the key into the knob and twisted, minding the volume as he pushed the door open.
“Because I only had three guys shove their dicks in my pussy!” She crossed her arms over her chest. “Fucking is not the same as head!”
“A few months now.” Cas had the decency to blush. “She saw that I RSVP’d instead of donating. She wanted to make sure that was right, and we just… picked up like we never stopped talking.”
"I can." Cas crossed to the coffee pot and made himself a mug. "After the shock wore off, Charlie was acting like she won the lottery. Crying out how she knew it and that there was no way you could hide that from her. Benny asked who your boyfriend was, and she admitted she had no idea." He took a sip of his coffee. "Garth was extremely regretful and was adamant that he wouldn't tell anyone how he figured out that you like to
"Yeah, well, that's Gabe for you." Dean ran his fingers through his hair. "So, you gonna keep me in suspense, or are you going to show me the suits?"
“What?” Dean’s eyes shot back open. “No. Cas can’t be wasting that on me. Where is he? Is that why I’m still kicking?”
Cas chuckled, his deep voice causing Dean's cock to twitch in excitement. "Being a brat may have gotten you back here, but you won't earn your reward until you've redeemed yourself, understood?"
“Hello, handsome.” A woman with bright green eyes and dirty blonde hair sat down next to Cas. Like Dean, she had a warm splatter of freckles across her face and a friendly, flirty smile. If Dean Winchester was female, she’d be sitting in the seat next to Cas. “You here all by your lonesome?”
“She did what?! She’s engaged!” Cas stood there with his jaw dropped. “Don’t get me wrong, I know Polyamory is a thing, but for fuck’s sake, I doubt that’s what she was aiming for.” Cas leaned on the back counter and crossed his arms over his chest, continuing his irate rampage in a grumble.
“The door is locked…” Cas readjusted his grip, sliding both of Dean’s wrists under one hand. “If you don’t want to do this?”
"Do you think they care, Dean?" Cas rested his hand on Dean's shoulder. “The fact that you’re here to pay your respects is what’s important to her family.”
The crowd started swarming up to the counter, angrily chanting ‘Cancer Merchant” at Dean. He backed up, stumbing slightly as he hit the rear counter. As his original customer started climbing over, Dean reached for the shotgun his father kept under the counter.
“I think the high had worn off at that point, but otherwise, you’re correct. She shared the newspaper announcement, and I rolled my eyes.” Cas tapped the counter in an off-beat rhythm. “I should probably open up.”
“Really, Cas? The last time you ever said two words to me was right before I freaked out and ran on you. You wouldn’t let me near you or talk to you. I needed to apologize, but you never gave me a chance. I don’t know how you knew before I did, but being away from you? Finding out that you ended up going to Boston by having a random roommate assigned to me at KU? I figured you hated me.” Dean’s voice dropped to a whisper. “I realized what our relationship was too late.”
“Better than okay.” Dean arched his back as Cas started stroking his cock. “I can’t believe I’ve been missing out on this.”
“It’s okay, Dean.” Cas moved his hand up Dean’s back and started rubbing it in a comforting manner. He tilted his head toward Dean, his mouth a hairsbreadth away from his ear. “Reach in. I’ve got you covered from this side.”
Dean stood next to Cas as they watched Kaia make her way to the river’s edge. He wanted to move closer to the former angel, to reach for Cas’ hand and take it in his own. But, instead, he slid his hands into his pockets, willing them to be still. Dean knew it wasn’t the time. Not yet. He kept an eye on Claire, knowing that she was fighting every fiber in her being to rush down and be at Kaia’s side. And honestly? He couldn’t blame her.
Cas shook his head. “You are so full of shit, Dean.” He pushed himself off the counter and invaded Dean’s personal space. “You don’t think you deserve anything good, so you purposely set yourself up to fail.”
“Dean, this is Gabriel. My brother and the proprietor of this establishment.” Cas rolled his eyes. “Gabriel, this is Dean.”
Later that evening, Dean pulled up in front of Cas’ house and honked twice. Cas came bounding out of the house, dressed up nicer than usual, wearing a light-colored button-down shirt and a pair of really nice jeans. Dean caught himself staring as Cas slid into the passenger side. He shook his head, confused. This was Cas. This was his best friend. He’s not supposed to look at his best friend like that.
Cas turned around and leaned forward on his arms. “Which employee is going to come in on a Saturday when they’re not scheduled? Not Andy, not Chuck. Hell, Kevin wouldn’t even come in on his day off. There’s a reason your father works the weekends.”
“I know. I was a young, stupid teenager.” Her smile softened, and Dean felt his attempt at being icy melt. “I threw away the best guy I ever had. You ruined all other men for me.”
Dean stole a glance at Cas. "One, I don't have that many exes. Two, you actually liked any of them?"
“I’m on break. I’m the only one running the store today, and I needed to step away for twenty. The store will be reopened when my break’s over.” Dean turned towards Ash and Charlie and pointed in the direction of the ball. “Hey, can one of you two grab the ball for me?”
“I did. Well, I will be when I’m done in here.” Cas leaned against the counter and looked down at the book. “13 across - nomad.”
Dean shook his head. "I still think you're wrong." He slid his phone into his pocket and finished off the second glass of whiskey. "Any milk runs nearby?"
"Dude, you were interviewing for a job." Dean brought the back of Cas' hand to his mouth and kissed it. "So, I have to know. It sounded good, and it sounds like you've got what, a follow-up tomorrow?"
Cas’ eyes flashed open, glowing the bright blue the brothers had gotten used to over the past decade. His attention snapped to Dean, and he gently placed his hand where Dean had been stabbed. The familiar gold radiated from Cas’ hand, and Dean’s coughing eased.
“Thanks, Al.” Lisa appeared nervous as she responded, and Dean made a point of speeding up the transaction. He handed Alistair his change, and Lisa seemed to breathe out a sigh of relief. “You take care.”
“That’s not nice.” Victor turned to another woman in the shop. “Excuse me, miss.” She turned around and looked at him. “May I get your opinion on something?”
“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t close up right now.” Dean watched as Cas’ grin broadened. “I requested today off well in advance. I have practice.”
"You wouldn't dare." Dean jabbed his finger at Sam before standing up and storming out of the library.
. Without his best friend to keep him entertained and distracted, Dean leaned forward on the counter. He flipped through a magazine, thinking over what had happened at the funeral home.
"So we could match?" Dean's eyebrow popped up in confusion. "Babe, I thought all beekeeper's suits were that ugly beige color?"
"I'm sorry," Sam held up a finger and looked at Dean for a moment. He shook his head and turned to Garth. "Did you just say that Dean has a boyfriend?"
Sam shoved the angel blade he wielded up through his attacker’s chin and pushed the corpse to the ground. He barely registered Cas vaulting by to keep the demon from getting a finishing blow on Dean. Sam was too focused on Dean. He ran over to his brother, falling to his knees, and gently lifted Dean’s head into his lap. “Dean? Dean, are you with me?” He slapped Dean’s cheek and was rewarded with a flinch and grunt.
“Seriously? No fucking way!” Dean reached into Cas’ book bag and pulled out Cas’ test. “Yeah. I knew I didn’t. But I appreciate you trying to inflate my ego even larger.” He slid the packet of papers back into Cas’ backpack.
None of them were his best friend. More specifically, the best friend he’d been in love with since high school. None of them would ever compare to Cas.
"Yeah, I'll take that to heart." Sam picked up the phone and read the screen that Dean had presented him.
Cas closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “That’s not true. You are purposely sabotaging yourself, and I wish you wouldn’t.” He leaned on the counter next to Dean and gently cupped Dean’s cheek. “If you would just trust in yourself and believe in yourself? You’d see that the world is not out to get you.”
In the bed, Dean looked like he was fast asleep. It was - without a doubt - the most peaceful sleep he had ever seen his brother enjoy.
“I am not high. I have full control of my functions. They’re just motivated to copulate and claim.” Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock and stroked it in rhythm with his movements. “And the chick flick moment is because the only person I will
“Look, man, I don’t go around and pick on your vices. Let me have mine.” The original customer looked back at Dean. “My smokes?”
Sam nodded, knowing any response would most likely be ignored. He opened the book that he had brought along, a copy of an ancient arcane text that the Men of Letters had translated, and pulled out a pad of paper and pen. If he was going to watch over his brother and best friend, he could multitask and get some research done as well.
“Right, you went up to Lisa, told her that I was going on a date with Cassie, and she wasn’t pissed. The sky is green, and the water’s red.” Dean stood up and walked out from behind the counter. “What was your real reason for telling her, Cas? You knew I wasn’t going on a date with Cassie when you told her.”
The entire way back to his apartment, Dean tried everything. Rolling down the windows, listening to Taylor Swift... Hell, he even thought of Bobby in a Speedo. But nothing could get him to calm down.
“One and the same.” Frank pointed at Cas. “He offered a fortune. Half a mil down, the whole mil if you got it completed within two weeks. It was hard to pass up, but honestly? That was too big of a risk for me. Knowing who he is, who he’s connected to? I recommended a few names to him.”
"Your suit didn't fit, and I didn't want to let you down. They felt similar, and..." Cas interrupted Dean by taking his hand and pulling him closer. "Cas?"
"Mr. Winchester? Dr. Fitzgerald will see you now." The dental hygienist smiled at him and led him back to a private room. She gestured to the chair. "Take a seat, and he’ll be right in."
Lisa crossed her arms over her chest. “You couldn’t trust me with that fact? You think I’d hate you?”
Cas looked as though he was ready to yell at Dean when he reeled his emotions back in. “Call your team, see if they’ll practice on the roof. You can close down the store for an hour for your lunch.”
Sam was standing at the counter as he entered the kitchen, throwing impossibly green things into the blender. He stopped when Dean started the coffee machine and looked over, a smirk on his face. "Morning, Dean."
"If we're lucky, it was just a package being delivered," Dean commented as they headed out to the living room.
"I'm getting comfortable. I made a point of getting done early so you wouldn't have to sleep alone." Cas repositioned himself on the bed, resting his back against the headboard. He patted the spot next to him. "Come talk to me?"
"The real thing." Cas watched Dean for a reaction smiling as Dean blushed. "Stay after class for once?"
"So, do you need to take back some control?" Dean stood up and walked around to Cas' side of the table and rested his hand on his boyfriend's shoulder. "I can help with that."
Cas picked up the drink and took a long draw, hoping to calm his nerves. He watched the other patrons, hoping to notice anyone who may have been focusing on Dean too long. With no one catching his eye, Cas took another sip of Dean’s beer. The room had grown warmer, and the beer was smooth and cold down his throat.
As they watched the Fomorian rise out of the depths of the river, Dean thought back to his earlier conversation with Claire. She had asked— already knowing the answer —if he would be okay if Cas were the one making the offering. Dean knew that he would have made a million excuses: Cas has only been back from the Empty for a couple of months. Cas was still getting used to being human. But the truth, as Claire had not-so-eloquently pointed out, was that Dean was scared. He had lost Cas too many times, and he wouldn’t survive another. Tearing his eyes away from Kaia, Dean focused on Cas, thinking about what Claire had said.
"Nicely done." Cas helped him spin it a few more times. "Let's slide it back in, nice and slow, and we can try again."
“Since you spoke to Lydia?” Cas counted on his fingers. “Eleven, twelve years?” He walked up next to Dean and bumped his shoulder. “Hey. Talk to me.”
Dean nodded. "He's probably figured out that I'm not good for him. He's an angel, for fuck's sake. They're not even supposed to... whatever it is he and I had."
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. That asshole had you cornered. You’d have done the same for me.” Lisa leaned down and kissed Dean’s nose when the bell on the counter dinged.
The warm breath and moist movement lavishing his hole felt incredible, and Dean suddenly found himself regretting the terms of his punishment. "Sir, if you keep that up, you're going to make me come."
“I wasn’t actually expecting you to answer.” Cas gently punched Dean in the shoulder to grab his attention. He pointed forward, indicating to Dean to move forward. "You know, out of all your exes, Lydia's the only one I liked."
"What I see is you complaining that he let you sleep in so he could go do angel stuff, and then him saying that he wants more." Sam's phone went off, and he checked the text message from Eileen. She replied that she had come to the same conclusion. "Dude, even Eileen, who doesn't have the context I have..." He turned his phone so Dean could read it.
“Lisa, you told me that you’ve only slept with three guys. You never mentioned sucking his dick!” Dean knew he was getting louder, but he frankly didn’t care.
“One, I loved her; I wasn’t in love with her. Two, why the fuck did you tell her I was going to go on a date with Cassie?”
"Sorry, Cas." Dean looked up from his phone. "I just... I didn't realize you didn't like what we have. I thought maybe..."
“You said no, right?” Cas tilted his head and raised his eyebrow, the look causing Dean to wither in his spot. “You didn’t. Dean! She cheated on you. If you go out with her, she’s going to be cheating on her fiance. And if something does happen between you two, who’s to say she won’t cheat on you again!” He rolled his eyes in disbelief. “You’re going to tell her no.”
He shoved the door open and rushed into the room, hoping against hope that it would shut completely and give Cas an extra moment’s pause.
Cassie looked over he shoulder as she walked towards the exit. “I’d hurt anyone for the right reasons.” She pushed open the door and smiled at Dean. “One hour. Think
“Honor system,” Dean called from his spot on the floor. “Unless you need cigarettes, which, oops, I’m out of for the day.” He chuckled as Lisa smacked his shoulder playfully.
“Martin and Audrey Robinson are pleased to announce the marriage of their daughter Cassandra to Dagon Ahn of New York, New York.” Dean rolled his eyes before letting out a sigh. “I guess good for her.” He folded up the paper and replaced it in its bin. “Here’s hoping she doesn’t cheat on him. Her. Whoever.” Dean’s head fell to the counter, a thunk echoing through the currently empty store. “Owww…”
"Alright then, any other questions?" Met with headshakes, Cas continued. "As you remember, this is a blowpipe. Who here knows what a honey dipper is?" Donna, Jody, and Dean raised their hands, causing Cas to laugh. "Kids these days. They don't have the experience of getting honey out of the jar. They just have the bears, and they only need to
“If you can handle the drive back to the bunker, he’ll rest better in his own bed.” Sam watched as Cas gently carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. “You still need to stop by the motel to grab your bags.”
The anti-tobacco asshat turned his attention to Dean, causing the crowd to turn to Dean as well. “So you want these people to die? Admit it! You get more money on a pack of cigarettes than you do on a pack of Chewlies!” He pointed to a pack of gum on a lower rack. “That’s why only you can access the cigarettes, but anyone can swipe a pack of gum!”
Cas started to turn back towards the bar, a smirk on his own face. At least they wouldn’t need to use one of Charlie’s credit cards to pay for their hotel room.
“That she saw your name on the RSVP list as coming.” Dean ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck. “I may have panicked. Again.”
“Aww, shit. It’s been over fifteen years, hasn’t it?” Victor continued to hold his hand out. “We were on the football team together. We were both running backs?”
“Because it’s embarrassing.” Dean looked at his shoes; his shoulders slumped in defeat. “You know how you helped me realize that I’m Bi our freshman year of college?”
Yet, despite knowing that Cas was gay, Dean had never thought that his best friend could possibly have feelings for him. Especially with the fact that Dean had never come out of the closet himself. Only one person ever knew that he was bisexual. And that was the woman he had gone to pay respects to.
“I know you don’t. But this is a formality. And if you don’t do it, I will go to Ellen.” Dean blanched at Missouri’s threat. “That’s what I thought.” She turned to Castiel. “He needs to get at least a B on each of his next three assignments and an A on the midterm.”
“They may not feel like that now, but tomorrow? A week from now? You could collapse! And don’t even think about switching to vaping! That’s worse for you. All the particles in the water are absorbed faster into your cells! It’s certain death!” A crowd started gathering around, the commotion luring them in. “This man peddles death to line his pockets! Look at all those cigarettes! Sure, they’re vices, and I don’t judge people their vices, but I want to see you all live full and healthy lives!”
"Put that away. It's not going to work." Dean mentally cursed as Cas continued to weaponize his eyes and lips. He let out a sigh of frustration. "No, I didn't try it on because you promised I wouldn't have to work with your damn bees!"
“No door on this planet could stop me from getting to you if that’s what you’re attempting, Dean.” Cas sat up hastily and growled. “And if you try to escape me? I’m going to have to remind you who you belong to.”
"You were expecting somebody else?" Cas looked at the door. "I hadn't heard from you since your last text message. I was concerned.”
Dean nodded, not trusting his voice. With Cas' guidance, he cleared the glass off the end and started fresh.
Dean shivered involuntarily and nodded. He gave a quick look around before shifting slightly and removing his hand from his face. Dean slowly reached into the casket while forcing a sob.
"I did. Why are you all surprised?" Garth looked around the table as Dean pulled up his flannel to hide his face. "It's not like it's a secret, right? I'm always the last person to find out these things, so you all had to know. Right?" Everyone around the table shook their heads, and Garth looked at Dean, mortified. "Dean-o... I'm... I am..."
"Then start fucking me, please, Sir." Dean wiggled his ass, gasping out a squeak when Cas slapped it.
“She doesn’t need to use words when she talks to me. We understand each other. She’s my platonic lesbian life partner.” Ash let out an oof as Charlie snuck up behind him and jumped on his back. “See? If I didn’t know she was coming, I would have fallen over.”
"Alright, that should be enough." Cas continued spinning the pole as he pulled it out of the furnace. "I'm not going to blow this. We’ll start that next week because we're going to practice this over and over today to make sure you don't drip the molten lava everywhere." He finished pulling out the blow pole, and on its end was a white-hot glob of glass.
Kaia forced a laugh as she switched beds and sat next to Claire. “You’re lucky that’s all you lost.”
"It moved on from there. Now we occasionally blow off some steam." Dean took a moment to watch several expressions run across his brother’s face. Excitement. Joy. Confusion. And now Classic Bitch Face #127.  "What?"
“Dude, don’t apologize to me, apologize to you. You want to live your life to the fullest, right? You can add a year of life for each pound you lose.”
Dean stirred under the blanket. Something was wrong. He reached out to the other side of the bed, grumbling as he found it lacking a person. He reluctantly opened his eyes and looked at the empty spot. "Cas?" Dean lifted his head and looked around the room, slowly sitting up to get a better look at his bedroom. "Sunshine?"
Before Sam could even open his mouth, Dean looked at him, glaring in a warning. “So help me, if the next thing you say is ‘I told you so…’”
Cas had gotten up earlier than usual. He was an early riser to begin with, even if he needed coffee to function. Still, he wanted to make sure that Dean had the bee suit and that he had a front-row seat to what would most likely be chaos. Cas did feel slightly guilty that Dean would be taking care of his bees for the next few weeks —had he mentioned to Dean that it would be weeks? He may have forgotten that part.— but as he had told Dean previously, those hives were his livelihood.
"Oh, I do. Just remember that glass is viscous and much heavier than that balloon. So you're going to need to put more push into your breaths. Understood?" Cas waited until Dean nodded, then pointed at the furnace. "Go dip into that honey, Dean."
“Don’t threaten me with a good time, Cas.” Dean took Cas’ cock in hand and lined himself up before slowly sliding down onto it. “Fuck, Cas.” Dean held himself in place as he adjusted to the shape and heft stretching him. “You feel so good.”
It was no secret to Dean that Cas was gay. They’d known each other for years, having met in elementary school. In high school, while Dean was with Cassie, Cas had been crushing on some guy named Balthazar. Balt had been a few years ahead of them and out of the closet. His being out and popular had given Cas all the encouragement he needed to come out.
Within minutes, a pair of ambulances and a cop car pulled up in front of the shop. The cops took statements from Cas and Dean while the EMTs loaded Cassie up into one ambulance and the dead porno guy into the other.
Cas rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers, this time his own pants disappearing. Dean let out a strangled noise; the size of Cas’ cock was always intimidating at first glance, even after all this time. “I don’t know how easy I’m going to be able to take this, Dean. I’m still under the effects of the poison.”
"I don't have a shit list, Dean. I have an 'I'm disappointed in you' list, and right now, you're at the top of it." Garth pointed at his own jaw. "Your wisdom tooth is cracked. From not taking care of it and the nougat. I have to pull it."
“Like my old man pays me enough to do that.” Dean ripped off a strip of tape and hung the first corner of the sheet up. “Nope. He can deal with this shit. I just need to get people in the store to turn a profit today.” He taped up the second side before securing the bottom corners. “I mean, nothing’s more obvious than a huge sign, right?” Dean opened the shoe polish and wrote
He waited a few more minutes, slightly perturbed that there was no sound coming from the other side of the door. Sam tried the doorknob and was surprised to find the door unlocked. He turned it and pushed the door open as quietly as possible. As he entered the room, Sam nearly dropped the tray, scrambling to rebalance it.
"Perfect. I won't interrupt further. After you." Balthazar walked over to bench one and joined Jody and Donna, who had been giggling at his antics.
“That’s okay, Dean. Now that I’ve moved back to town, I wondered if you would be against doing this the right way. Actually dating, not having to hide, knowing that I want to be your boyfriend and you want to be mine.”
“What are you saying, Cas?” Dean stiffened up, the proximity between him and Cas making him nervous. “I’m not sure I understand.”
“Fuck,” both Dean and Cas muttered at the same time. Dean dragged his hand down his face. “Cas. Do you know how bad this is going to look?”
“Ten. Besides.” Cas held up a radio. “I put up a sign, said the cameras are rolling and if someone is looking to check out, call me.”
Dean blushed bright red and clung tightly to his angel. “Only you, high as fuck and balls deep inside of me, could pull off that sappy emotional crap.”
“Yeah, of course, I do…” Charlie trailed off as the proverbial light bulb went off over her head. “Cas.”
"Only because you asked so nicely." Cas reached around Dean's waist and wrapped his hand around Dean's cock, stroking it lightly. "And you do feel so close to coming."
Sam shook his head. "Not this time. I have literal proof on my phone, from yours, that Cas cares about you. You're the one that's not reading it correctly."
Cas sat back at the bar and watched as Dean made a fool of himself at the pool table. He knew damn well that Dean could have made that shot. Hell, Dean
The Fomorian looked at the rest of them, standing back at— what Dean hoped was —a respectable distance. After a moment of observing, he looked at Kaia and nodded. “Find me here when you have the solution. Thank you, young Dreamwalker. May your sleep be peaceful.” With little fanfare, the creature returned to the depths of the river, and Claire rushed to Kaia’s side.
“It’s not what you think, Red.” Dean ran his hand through his hair before crossing to and sitting on the bed.
Cas pressed their bodies together again, reaching between them and undoing Dean’s pants. He chuffed out a breathless laugh, finding Dean’s cock swiftly hardening. “You weren’t kidding, were you?” Cas pulled it out and ran his thumb over the slit, smearing around the building precome. “Feeling okay?”
“No. Dean. You are not going to do this. You and Lydia ended on good terms. You ended as friends.” Cas’ shoulder bump turned into a firm and comforting grasp. “She came into your life when you needed her. And it takes two to tango. She slipped away as well.”
“To which part? ‘Cause if you’re asking if he loves you back, I think you already know the answer to that, Dean.”
Cas nodded, and silence fell over the pair. After a few minutes, Cas spoke up. “Did you want to keep studying?”
Dean moved in closer and jabbed his finger at her. “No, I didn’t, and you’re not going to say a damn thing about it either.”
“That’s cheating, Cas. Are you truly catching me if you poof into the room?” Dean let out a cry of both surprise and arousal as Cas climbed on top of him and yanked him out of his shirt.
“Can’t hold back,” Cas gasped out as his movements turned erratic. He groaned, his come spilling into Dean as he dug his fingers into Dean’s hips. “So beautiful, and all mine.” Cas breathed heavily before flipping Dean onto his back. “I would apologize, as I know you’re going to feel this for days…”
“I didn’t know who knew or didn’t know. I couldn’t risk outing him to someone who would then go and tell the rest of the town.”
The unknown person pushed between Victor and Sarah and slapped a piece of paper on the counter. “This is for you then, Mr. Winchester. Thank you for your time.”
Garth looked at Cas carefully before looking back at Dean. "It's Cas. Cas is your boyfriend. How did we never see it?"
Dean pulled up to the front of the building. It was a very nondescript building with a simple sign that read "Honey Dipper Glass Works." Several cars were already there, and he saw several people head towards the entrance.
“You don’t get it?” Dean stopped dead, nearly tumbling over at his sudden lack of movement. “You’re the one who told me that Cas Novak RSVP’d to the Reunion!”
"I'm glad, boy. Just remember that you can't come until I do." Cas started to slowly rock back and forth, bringing out a litany of curses from Dean's mouth.
“Cas, I love hanging out with you. I’ve never been more thankful that Missouri picked you to tutor me.” Dean smiled as Cas slid into the Impala. He closed the door for Cas before going over to the driver’s side. “Alright. You wanna go back to your place?”
Cas dragged his hand down his face, removing his glasses as he went. He rubbed his eyes and shook his head. Clearly, his suit must not have fit Dean, but this was the last thing he expected. He honestly thought that Dean would have come stomping into the living room and shown that the suit didn't fit. Instead, Dean found something else to wear just to make sure he could care for his bees. Cas bit down on the end of his glasses before deciding to grab his phone. Surely a little video of Dean in costume taking care of his bees would be allowed, right?
“First, don’t quote Doctor Horrible at me like I wouldn’t know what that is. Second, Kaia loves you, and you love Kaia. There is no doubt from either side. Why aren’t you two together?”
“But he could have!” Kaia’s voice cracked, and realization hit Dean. His own voice had broken like that when he told Sam about how he lost Cas to the Empty. Kaia hadn’t told Claire that she loves her.
“To work. Early.” Lisa turned and glowered at Dean. “You’ve got a complex because I’ve sucked a bunch of dicks. If your head wasn’t so far up your ass, you’d have heard that you’re number thirty-seven and the last. I’ve been nothing but faithful to you, so what matters if I gave a bunch of guys blow jobs before we were together?”
Dean tilted his head to the side. It had been a few weeks since Cas started ‘tutoring’ him, and this was the first time Cas had mentioned any family members. “Did I rock the boat?”
"Cas. Look at me." Dean closed his laptop and smiled, an idea starting to form. "Do you feel like you're losing control?"
Cas sat next to him and chuckled softly. “I swear, that girl. Dean, what did Charlie tell you about me?”
"I know those fuzzy little assholes mean a lot to you." Dean blushed again, causing Cas's smile to broaden. "So, I guess that makes them a part of you, and I love you. All of you."
Dean contemplated saying something else to ease Cas’ nerves when Ellen came up to the table. “Boy, you think you could just waltz right past the bar and not say hello?”
Garth gave Dean a stern look, which strangely startled Dean. He sat back and allowed Garth to put the mask on him, as Garth explained. "Your tooth is cracked. Between that and the fact that it's not a tooth that just falls out, I need to remove it. Luckily, you're my last patient of the day, so I'll just do it now."
Dean walked over to the bench and leaned against it for a moment, finding himself yet again needing to adjust himself. As he straightened up, Cas pulled a pipe out of the rack and handed it to Dean. On the end that would go into the furnace, Cas placed a deflated balloon. "As I said before. You can't breathe in when the glass is on the pipe. Not only would you collapse your piece, but you’ll also be breathing in fumes.
“Yeah, well, what are the odds you two have that perfect batch on you?” Dean raised an eyebrow in question as he pulled out his set of keys to the shop. “‘Cause I can fucking guarantee I’m gonna need some after I’m done.”
Dean groaned and threw his arm over his eyes as he laughed. “Don’t ever change, Sunshine.” He reached up and pulled Cas in for another kiss. “Don’t ever change.”
“Yeah, it is. I need someone to cover the shop. I told you I had plans, and you lied to me. Get your ass here.”
“Sam needs to be able to leave. I can make do. Uncle Bobby’s got a job for me at the garage once I graduate.”
“Hold up, so you’re telling me you didn’t realize, right there, that he meant you?” Charlie jumped up from the bed, her hands flailing before balling them up and punching Dean in the shoulder. “You’re not that fucking dense!”
“I’m going to work. Maybe when you’re done here, and we meet up later, you’ll have calmed the fuck down.” Lisa shoved the door open and stormed outside.
"That is correct, Kevin." Cas opened the door to the furnace and grabbed a blowpipe. "Glassblowing, while a science, is also an art. Do you learn how to paint or write or play music without being hands-on about it?"
“I can make any reason the right reason, good-lookin’.” She offered her hand. “Name’s Desiree. Yours?”
“You just called yourself a beard! You may not be homophobic, but you’re certainly biphobic if the first thing you thought was that!” Dean pointed to the entrance. “Get out.”
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean sputtered, his cock straining against his jeans. “Stop talking, or I will crash.”
“She loves you too, Claire.” Dean kicked a pebble out of the way. “Which is why it probably frustrates her that you won’t let her help, but you can run headfirst into danger and get hurt.”
“So you can give them cancer and make their lungs look like this?” The guy pulled out his cell phone and showed it to the customer. “Do you see this? These are smoker’s lungs. This is at five years—” he swiped “—ten years—” he swiped again “—fifteen years. How long have you been smoking for?”
“Interesting. You know, if I may put my two cents in, I'm a contractor myself. I started as a plumber before working my way up.” The man reached into his front pocket and pulled out a business card. “Frank Devereaux,  Devereaux Home Improvements” He handed the card to Dean. Dean reviewed it, showed it to Cas, then tried to return it. “You can keep that. Speaking as a contractor? I can say that I rely upon my personal beliefs, and politics come heavily into play when choosing jobs.”
“As do you.” Cas gripped Dean’s hips and thrust up carefully as Dean continued to take in every last inch. “I’m not going to last long.”
“I’m not supposed to be here today. The old man is hungover, and honestly, I almost told him to go fuck himself this morning. But I didn’t want to find out he burned down the shop because he was too far gone to actually remember how to start the coffee.”
Dean scoffed. If there were someone nicer than Garth, he'd eat his shoe. Painful tooth or not. He opened his mouth when Garth tapped on it, and within a matter of moments, Garth shook his head. The dentist pulled back his hands and cut Dean a look.
“It’s all good. I’m sure it gets boring standing behind that counter.” The man watched the price display before taking a look at Dean. “Wait a sec. Dean? Dean Winchester? Class of 2004?” The man held out his hand. “Victor. Victor Hendrickson.”
“Not many men share that opinion, Dean.” Cas copied Dean’s posture, kicking his feet up on Dean’s bench. “I’m sure that makes you popular amongst the ladies.”
“You know what?” Cas rubbed the back of his neck and looked towards the exit. “I feel like I’m intruding on something here. Mind if I go sit in the car?”
Cas stood up and offered his hand down to Dean. “I remember this song well, Dean. Shall we tie it to a better memory?” Dean swallowed as he took Cas’ hand and was led to the dance floor. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and began to sway. Without another thought, Dean rested his hands on Cas’ waist. “This seems like a good start, wouldn’t you agree, Dean?”
“Why?” Cas tilted his head in confusion, infuriating Dean in the process. “I thought you were in love with her?”
“Get to your point, Ash.” Cas stood next to Dean and rubbed his back, comforting him. “It’s been a long day, and Dean—”
"Looking good, Dean. Your hands are a little off, though." Cas stepped behind Dean and pressed his chest to Dean's back as he reached around to put his hands on the rod alongside Dean’s. "You need to hold it a little more level. There. Now start spinning." Cas helped Dean spin the blow tube, keeping his chest firm against Dean's back.
"You said it yourself, Cas. You just put those applications and resumes in. They're not going to call you back in the next..." Dean looked over at the microwave before pushing Cas back and straddling his lap. "hour, or so."
"What did I say about being bratty?" Cas' thumb pressed up against Dean, and it took all of Dean's willpower not to push back on it.
“Wedding announcements?” Dean rolled his eyes but humored Cas all the same. He scanned over the pictures when a face he would have loved to forget appeared. “Cassie’s getting married?” Dean looked up at Cas - fuck, drinking lemonade shouldn’t be that attractive - and shook his head. “So she’s getting married? Why should I care?”
Cas walked over to the bed with Dean in tow and sat down. He pulled Dean down next to him and smiled softly. “I wanted to thank you for the past couple of months. I was nervous when Mrs. Moseley asked me to tutor you, but you showed me that I had no reason to fear.” Cas rested his hand on Dean’s neck and started gently running his thumb along the skin. “You’ve made me feel… alive.”
Cas growled against Dean’s ear, lightly nipping at it before plopping back into his seat. “You won’t let anything like that happen to us. As much as you joke about giving me blue balls, you want a pink ass and to not be able to walk for a week.”
“That’s a douche move.” Ash walked over and wrapped his arm around Charlie’s shoulder. “You’re probably going to need a whole new lock unless you can get some kerosene or something down in there and get all the chunks of gum out.”
Lisa is… was good for him. She checked off so many of the boxes on his ridiculous list. She was fun to spend time with. She knew how to lift Dean’s spirits. She brought him out of his shell. And of course, there was the fact that Lisa was one of the bendiest people Dean had ever met.
Dean swallowed before nodding again. He crossed over to the furnace and gathered up some glass on the end of his rod. He kept spinning it as he pulled it out before looking to Cas.
“I wasn’t even supposed to be here today!” Dean slammed his fist on the counter. “If I hadn’t been here… FUCK!” He practically collapsed on top of the counter, folding his arms under his head while hiding his face. “I’m supposed to be with Lisa. Not know about Snowballing. Not know about being the thirty-seventh dick. Lydia’s supposed to be alive. Cassie should be getting married. Everything’s fucked because I came to fucking work today!” The bell over the door rang, barely audible to Dean. “I’m not supposed to admit I love Cas.”
After a moment, both of their phones started to ping non-stop. A flurry of texts from their friends came in, congratulating them, asking for details, wanting to know everything. They would have to wait for the answers to their questions, though.
The ball dropped, and Lee pounced, going after it before Nick could get to it. Dean joined him on his right while Aaron zoomed in from Lee’s left. Together, Dean and Aaron blocked Zeke and Noah to keep them from the ball, and Lee quickly outmaneuvered Nick. The distance from where Garth had dropped the ball to the other makeshift goal was covered rapidly, and Lee shot the ball.
blame himself for not keeping track of how many demons were in the building. With his attention on Cas, Dean hadn’t been prepared for the other monster who stabbed him in the side. Deeply. Dean crumbled, collapsing hard and fast, the shock and pain knocking the wind out of him. He forced his eyes open long enough to see Cas bound across the room and place his hand on the demon’s forehead, smiting him to oblivion.
“When Lando and his squad blew it up the second time around, it wasn't finished yet. Construction was still occurring.”
“Fine.” Cas pouted, then leaned against the counter. “For what it’s worth, I think this is a horrible idea.”
Cas looked up at Dean and shook his head. "Love, I can't. Any one of those companies can call at any time. I need to be ready to answer the phone."
“I guess.” Cas’ cheeks turned bright red as he hid behind his menu. “I made sure that he would have an apple pie ready, so dessert is covered. Gabriel makes all his bread and rolls in-house too. So I would recommend a sandwich or a soup bowl.”
Dean looked over at Claire. “Sounds like she almost did. The Fomorian grabbed you and pulled you into the river.”
knew that Alistair was into that?” Lisa squared her shoulders. “Third, who are you to judge who I’ve given head to?”
While they waited for Ash to finish setting up, Dean looked around for his team. Benny was putting in their orders with Jo at the bar. Cas and Charlie held their table, talking about some new book that had come out while he and Sam were throwing some darts. The only person left to show up was Garth.
“I’m still an angel.” Cas let out a soft oomph as he climbed into the front seat next to Dean. “It’s no surprise that it affects humans differently than angels or other creatures.” Cas leaned down and started working at Dean’s pants, dodging the half-hearted slaps Dean attempted. “You wanted to defend the siren and kill Sam. I want to claim you and kill anyone who tries to take you away from me.” Cas successfully undid the button of Dean’s jeans as they pulled up to the motel room. “Need you, Dean.”
"No, you're not." Sam set his pen down. "You’re distracted, afraid that you're going to lose Cas when he clearly wants more." Sam pointed at Dean, trying to make his voice as stern as possible. "Call him. Or I will."
Sam shot a dry look at Dean and sighed. “You had just said that you loved him. You think he wasn’t going to fight for that?”
“Come on, Ash.” Cas walked out from behind the counter. “I’ll walk you to the car and buy some weed off of you. You just need to get out of here now.”
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean looked up to the counter to see Cas looking over it and down at him. “What do you want?”
Instead of pulling off, Cas continued, using his mouth and tongue to work Dean up to release. Dean let go of Cas' hair and gripped the countertop, white-knuckling it for support and stability as Cas pushed him over the edge. "Holy shit, Sunshine. That... That was unexpected."
“Shit,” Lisa muttered under her breath. She gently swatted at Dean to move, and she quickly climbed to her feet. “Alistair? It’s been a while.”
Dean shook his head. “That’s not it at all, Cas. I didn’t know that I could love you. And when I realized that I could, and then I did, I couldn’t get to you.” Dean closed his eyes and nuzzled into Cas’ hand. “I still love you. There will never be another person in the world who completes me like you do.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas stood behind Charlie, a soft and shy smile on his face. Dean couldn’t believe his eyes. Cas Novak was in front of him, slightly taller, his wiry frame bulked out. The button-down shirt with rolled-up sleeves accenting the tone in his arms. While Dean would be lying if he said he hadn’t looked Cas up on social media, none of the pictures he found did the Adonis before him justice.
Dean’s pleas appeared to work. Cas slid his mouth off with an audible pop, a trail of precum dangling from his lip to the tip of Dean’s throbbing dick. Cas’ eyes were slightly less glassy as he looked along Dean’s body. “Ol hoath.” Cas stood up and snapped his fingers, causing the rest of Dean’s clothes to disappear. He shucked off his own shirt, tossing it to the side as he kicked off his shoes. “Ol hoath, ol blans uls doalim.” Cas leaned down, capturing Dean’s mouth with his own and worshipping it softly. “Do you want me to keep going, or do you want me to stop? I can go and work this out of my system another way.”
“Not gonna take all your drinking money, dude.” Dean looked over and smiled at Cas before looking back at the guy and winking.
"Then what the hell is this?" Dean pulled out his phone and slammed it down on the table, flinching slightly and picking it back up to check the screen. "I don't understand this."
"'Kay, Cas." Dean proceeded to follow the steps Cas guided him through, each try either being corrected or applauded by his instructor. Dean found himself desperately needing the praise and pushed himself harder to make each attempt better than the previous.
"No. I'm still researching this one, but it might be one that's our kinda thing." Sam looked down at his notes, disappointed but understanding Dean's need to drop the conversation. "So, get this. A few abductions following a pattern, the bodies show up, but the locals aren't releasing any details. Probably thinking it's a serial killer and not wanting to spawn a copycat." He looked back up. "Dean?"
A blush crossed Dean's cheeks, popping his freckles out. "It was fine. Just a little tight in the shoulders. It'll be good until my own suit gets here."
“I’m pretty sure the whole world knows I’m yours, Cas.” Dean tried to turn around and face Cas but found himself pinned against the table. He fought back a whimper. “Cas, Sunshine, are you sure that the siren didn’t get you?”
“Not our first rodeo, but if I’m on top…” Dean waggled his eyebrows before finding himself on top of Cas. “Well, you made that decision easy enough.”
Charlie joined him. “Then help me understand because we have two hours until the Reunion, and I’m not missing it.”
“Sorry, can’t relate. No mom and the oldest.” Dean threw his backpack over his shoulder and nodded to the door. “I’ve been told that I’m a good listener, though.”
Cas didn’t hesitate. He plunged his blade into Desiree’s throat, effectively silencing her. Cas made quick work of her body as she slid to the ground, reducing it to ash before barging out of the restroom. Looking over at the pool table, he saw Dean leaning against the wooden frame, ready to take a shot. Cas quietly walked over and waited for Dean to sink his shot.
Sam jumped off of the bed and leaned over Dean. “No, you’re not.” He grabbed onto Cas’ shoulder and shook it. “Cas. Cas!”
“How else would she know that he likes to have a snowball… be snowballed… whatever the damn phrase is?” Dean tilted his head to the side, observing Lisa.
As she slid to her knees, Cas slid his angel blade down into one hand as he caught Desiree by the chin with the other. “I said smart. Not clever.” He brought the point of his blade against her neck. “Scream, and no one will hear you. Are you working alone, or is there another one of you?” Cas’ eyes started to glow blue as he emphasized his threat.
"Hmmm... You took things into hand?" Cas smirked as he stepped closer to Dean, nearly erasing any empty space between them. "What would you say if I was willing to offer a hand?"
“You’re not my boss.” Cas pushed himself to standing, unknowingly giving Dean a look at his toned arms. “I don’t think my boss actually checks if I do open the store. It’s not like we turn a profit in there. Not with fucking streaming services.”
Sam tried to get Cas to look at him but to no avail. “I know he meant it, Cas.” Sam stacked the pillows on his bed so he could sit up and read while keeping an eye on Dean and Cas. “I also know that it was drilled into our heads to not say anything about our feelings.” He grabbed a book out of his bag and leaned back, stretching his legs out. “It may sound strange, but I’ve seen the ways that he shows it to you.”
“If you need me, it’ll be easy to get my attention. You should be able to just call me. At worst, a shake would be the most I need.” Cas glanced down at Dean, his frown deepening. “Do you think he meant it?”
"I appreciate it." Dean tipped his beer at Eileen and smiled before setting it down. He signed 'Thank You' to her before stretching and yawning. "I do need to get heading out. Might be my birthday today, but I still have to work tomorrow."
"Pardon me?" Cas' voice took on a deeper, darker tone that sent shivers up Dean's spine. "So what exactly happens if they do call?"
“Dean Winchester, your daddy mess with your head that badly? What kind of example are you setting for Sam?” There it was. Mrs. Moseley was no longer Mrs. Moseley. She was Missouri, next-door neighbor and kindest woman Dean had ever met.
“Alright, so this isn’t a typical practice, and I get it was supposed to be a skirmish. We’re gonna be four on four because of space issues, but we can’t do full checks, and we really need to be careful of the edges. Unless you want to end up on the pavement below,” Garth explained to the team. “This can actually be helpful to us. Make us focus on making sharper and more precise movements.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “Maybe he just got the employee wrong.”
"Yeah, would that bluebird happen to be named Joanna Beth? Cause I'll kick her ass." Charlie looked over at the bar and flipped off Jo, who smiled and winked before moving on to the next customer. "Ugh. Can't stay mad at her. We're moving in together."
"Of course I do, Dean. I have no control at the moment. I just sent my resume out to ten different companies, and I'm sitting here praying that one of them will actually take me."
At Cas' comment, Dean's mouth went even drier, and he desperately licked at his lips. He turned the pipe and copied Cas' hand positions and posture.
Cas gestured to one of the benches and sat down on the stool while the rest of the group stood around it. "First thing's first. Let's introduce you to the tools of the trade. I think this one goes without saying." He pulled a long metal pipe out of a box next to the workstation. "This is your run-of-the-mill Blowpipe. It's what you collect the glass with, it's what you blow into, and it's what you spin. It's the base of all your work. If you don't respect the pipe, your work won't respect you."
“You mean the injury Cassie Robinson gave you?” Victor waggled his eyebrows. “Oh, I remember that. You two had that huge blowup after the semi-final game. She kicked your knee in, dislocating it. I can see that you never even tried to get into shape afterward.”
"But, isn't denim a heavy material?" Kevin raised his hand as he spoke. "I don't want to contradict, but I want to make sure I'm prepared for next week's class."
"It better be. Eileen picked them up from the Roadhouse on the way home from work." Sam spoke and signed as he smiled at Eileen.
Dean didn't have to be told twice. He barely kept himself from drooling as Cas moved the blowpipe, sliding it slowly into the furnace. He memorized the way Cas' hands moved the pipe, twisting it, turning it, paying the utmost attention. Dean knew that he would have a repeat of last week's shower when he got home.
A few moments of content silence passed between then when Lisa spoke up again. “Babe, I’m serious, though. You don’t have to do what your father tells you you have to do. You’re a grown man.”
The week and a half until Dean's first-class dragged. While he tried to downplay his excitement, he was practically bouncing off the walls. Charlie hadn't been kidding about how fascinated he had been, watching the beautiful creations come to fruition at the Glassblower's stall. He had sat there through the first demonstration then watched as they continued to work once it was over. Dean had even stuck around for another demo before Charlie could finally drag him away.
“Cas?” Dean strained against the fabric pinning his legs in place. He reached for Cas, keening as his hands were slapped away. “Cas, please. Please, please. You’ve caught me, you’ve marked me, and now I really want to feel you.”
“‘Cause I was, Lisa.” Dean shrugged angrily. “I tried to fool myself into thinking that it was going to be catching up with her and getting fucking closure. But you know what happened instead? She came in and fucked a dead guy in the bathroom!” He gestured at the door in the back corner of the store. “I find out you sucked thirty-seven dicks. Lydia fucking died, leaving behind a daughter and Cassie’s catatonic. I am a fucking curse.”
The rest of the week went by quickly for Dean. There were no significant hiccoughs, work had been smooth, and all he had left to do was unwind at his friend group's bi-weekly trivia night at the Roadhouse.
Dean blushed at the compliment, his body adjusting to Cas. The stretch and burn were perfect. "Sir, that feels good."
“You’re probably the only one who thinks that.” Dean looked up at Lisa and frowned. “Hell, Sammy thinks I’m no better than this life.”
Dean's hearing shut off as his brain processed the words 'glory' and 'hole' rolling off of Cas' tongue. If not for sheer force of will, Dean would have easily blown his load in his pants right there. It certainly didn't help that Cas was oblivious to what he was saying. These were words in his everyday speech because they were part of his job. Dean heard glory hole, and his mind instantly went to the clubs that he would never admit he went to when lonely.
“I could accuse you of the same, stickin’ around with me.” Dean flashed her his 100-watt grin. “I know you could do so much better than me. I mean, you came to my fucking rescue.”
"You're going to be the death of me, Cas." Dean let out a moan as Cas took his cock into his mouth. "But holy shit, don't stop." Dean tangled his fingers into Cas hair, massaging the scalp while Cas worked his ministration, lavishing Dean's cock with attention. As he got close to coming, Dean pulled back on Cas' hair. "Going to come, Cas... I'm gonna...."
“Damn right you are, and don’t you be sassing me.” She slid a packet of paper towards him. “Care to tell me why you failed the last three tests in a row? I know you ain’t stupid.”
Once they were seated and catching their breath in the car, Dean turned and looked at Cas. “We’re so going to hell.”
His only response was a growl from Cas. He made sure that Baby was shut off and slid her key into his pocket before opening the door. He stepped a foot outside and made sure the motel card was in his hand before looking at Cas. “Three seconds, Sunshine.” He leaped out of the car and sprinted towards the door, barely acknowledging the slam of the driver’s-side door.
"I've only been waiting for you, beloved." Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "I'll be honest, I've wanted to hold your hand in public, hug you, surprise you with kisses. But I am yours, and you're mine. Being with you is what makes me happy."
“You remember. You made a deal. And you knew what would bring the Empty to take Billie. And you.” Dean took a deep breath and took Cas’ hand into his. “And I know that you didn’t give me a chance to respond. I mean, my brain was trying to process. My best friend— the guy I love —told me that he loved me. Like that. In a way I never thought I could have.” Cas’ eyes widened, and Dean found himself encouraged. “And then as soon as I heard the words I never thought I’d hear? You were gone. I was a mess, Cas.”
“Oh, how convenient. Blame your customer.” The instigator turned around. “Everyone, listen to me. You spend what? Fifty, maybe sixty dollars a week on this crap? Do you buy the top-end ones and spend closer to seventy? Come on now! Why on Earth would you give someone that much money a week so you can kill yourself? You pay assholes like this for the privilege to enjoy your vice that will kill you!” The guy swiped the packs of cigarettes out of Dean’s hands. “We’re all gonna die someday. But why pay for it? Why spend our well-earned money to rush to the pearly gates? Do you enjoy coming up to the counter and asking, ‘Mr. Merchant-of-Death, sir, please sell me cancer in a stick!’”
Dean couldn't get out to his car fast enough. He knew that he had practically embarrassed himself as it stood, but the fact that his pants had only got tighter? He knew there was no way to hide what was going on down there, and Dean didn't need his instructor to be offended that he was having such a middle school reaction to him.
"First, we had Sam pick you up some clove oil. If the spot starts to get sore, dab a little on it. Works better than Orajel." Garth waited for Dean to nod before continuing. Second, be gentle with a toothbrush back there for a few days. The stitches will dissolve naturally. They don't need you ripping them out by brushing too hard. But still, brush your teeth."
With a slow and deliberate push, Cas started sliding inside of Dean. Cas' hand quickly found Dean's hips as he buried his cock deep inside. "So warm, so tight. You feel exquisite, Dean."
“Do you know what that something is, or are you still trying to figure it out?” Dean looked up from his spot on the floor where he was working on inventory. “I mean, Luke blew up the first one because it was the right thing to do. While Lando is, at best, a morally ambiguous character, he knew what the first Death Star could do. The second Death Star was going to be just as bad, if not worse.”
before quickly following behind Cas. They rushed out of the funeral home, practically stumbling and bumbling down the stairs as they ran to the Impala.
"Sorry about that. I pulled the short straw today." The group turned to see another person enter the workspace. "I'm Balthazar." He looked at Dean, then looked at Cas and smirked. "Who am I with, Cassie?"
"Welcome back, class." Cas addressed the five of them once they were standing in front of him. "I'm glad to see you all back and that you've taken my suggestions to heart." He gestured to three benches next to his side. "These will be your workstations for the next several weeks. We're going to pair you off, and each team will get an instructor to work with them one on one.” Cas hooked his thumb at the guy next to him. "This is my brother Gabriel. He'll be with one group, and our brother Balthazar will be with the other. He'll join us once he finishes getting the rest of our work today in the annealer."
“Andrea gave it to him.” Lisa fiddled with her nails, a telltale sign of nervousness. “It’s a reference to a blow job thing.”
Dean brought the rod to his lips and spun the rod as he blew into it. Unlike when he filled the balloon with air, he was met with resistance. He breathed in deeply through his nose again and blew harder. The glass finally gave a little, and Dean could see it start to ooze off the tip of the rod.
Cas looked down at Gabriel and glared. "Donna and Jody, I figured since this is your wedding gift to one another, you'd like to be partnered up." When they nodded, he pointed to the first bench. "Balthazar will be with you guys in a moment." Cas turned and looked to Kevin and Krissy. "I'm leaving the two of you in Gabe's capable hands. If anything, you two can bribe him with sweets, and you'll have the best instructor on the planet." He pointed at the second bench, and the teens walked over to it with Gabriel. Once they were situated, Cas turned back to Dean. "Hello, Dean."
“Yeah, that’s a lie. For at least one of the people in the room.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest and gave Claire a knowing look. Both ladies turned bright red and refused to look at the other.
“Yes, she texted me that they’re in room 401.” Cas handed over Dean’s duffel before grabbing his own and slinging it over his shoulder. “And she says she has your damn coffee.”
“Oh, we’re going to do that again, and again, and again, until whatever that siren did is out of my system.” Cas continued his travels down Dean’s body, his tongue flicking over sensitive nipples, his teeth dragging along skin. Dean shivered and moaned at each little movement, his whole body blushing from the arousal Cas worked up in his stomach.
“Not even supposed to be here today. Trust me, I’m well aware of that fact, Dean.” Cas pushed the container closer to Dean. “Lasagna. Made it fresh this morning.”
"I'm glad to see that you've all come dressed for the weather, but working here in the shop?" Cas took a moment to point at himself. "It gets hot. Today's session is introductory, so we won't be working with the furnaces today, but next week? You're going to either want to dress for in here or bring a change of clothes. Lighter fabrics are better. Short sleeves are fine. Jeans are preferred to protect your legs."
“And you wonder why I thought you cheated on me.” She turned around and leaned back against the counter, eyeing Cas up and down. “Long time no see, Castiel.”
Dean gasped in surprise, causing Cas to practically jump to check on him. He swatted at Cas’ hands again. “I’m fine… just… you love me too?”
"Dean-o!" Garth exclaimed as he entered the room. "While I hate the circumstances, I'm glad to see you. It's not often I'll break my no friends, no family rule, but I get that it was an emergency."
"Garth..." Dean started to reply as the gas began to work. "You're reminding me why I hate the dentist."
Cas rolled his eyes. "No, we just literally paired them off. I wasn't going to take them to the furnace until you were here."
Dean continued to blow, his jaw starting to hurt from the continued motion. After several more blows, Cas stepped in and took the rod from him. While the glass was still hot, it was starting to cool, and Dean could the odd oblong shape he had created. Without thinking, he commented, "It looks like a bad sex toy."
"I do apologize again, Mr. Mullens. As to your last question. I was laid off because the publishing house was downsizing. the pandemic has hit everyone hard."
Cas reached out to cover Dean’s hand that was fiddling with his silverware and Dean felt some of the tension drain out of him. Dean flipped his hand palm up so that he could slip his fingers through Cas’.
They did tell Sam that afternoon during their weekly video call that was part of their Saturday routine. As soon as they’d finish dinner, Dean would pull out his laptop and they’d huddle together on the couch as they called Sam to catch up.
Once he was inside the library it was warm and quiet. It was early enough in the semester that there weren’t many students studying in the space so it was sure to be a slow evening shift.
“Okay bud,” Dean said as he swooped in and grabbed Jack. “Let’s give Papa a minute to get up. How about you help me make some pancakes?”
“I fucking miss flip phones,” Dean muttered, glaring at the rectangular smartphone in his hand. “Hanging up on Sam was so much more satisfying that way.”
Meeting Jack, holding him for the first time, Castiel had felt a surge of love swell inside of him that he wasn’t prepared for. He’d also felt such relief upon seeing a baby who had clearly been well cared for in his absence. Jack was bigger than Castiel had expected, but that was just proof of how long he’d been gone, how much he had missed.
The first thing he’d done, of course, was call Dean. What else was there to do? Within a matter of hours Castiel had heard the familiar purr of the Impala and suddenly Dean had been walking toward where he was still lingering outside the phone booth, afraid to stray too far in case he somehow missed Dean’s arrival.
From the way Cas clutched the blankets, suddenly wide awake, Dean could tell he hadn’t taken the whole “put on pants” advice.
He could feel Dean’s shrug in the way the blankets shifted, “‘S’okay. We both figured it out in the end.”
“You sure you’re feeling up to that?” Dean’s tone was skeptical. “It’s gonna be real awkward if I have to drag you out of here.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Jack continued. He sniffled. “I promised Cas. He didn’t want to worry you. And—he assured me that would probably never happen, that he was so far from being happy, let alone truly happy, that—” Jack’s voice broke. A moment of silence. Then, a whisper, a realization as instant as light cast into darkness: “Oh. Oh my God.”
“And they don’t get to have nice things? You might want to rethink that policy. Probably why they get up to those … shenanigans.”
And there were, of course, Cas’s own misgivings. He’d spent his entire existence indoctrinated against the idea of having a human lover. Not just because it wasn’t allowed—not just because his job in earlier times had been to track down and dispatch the children of these couplings. But because it was considered wrong, a violation of duty and a betrayal of trust. Humans were vulnerable, considered low-hanging fruit. Angels existed to help them, not take advantage of them.
confirmed active vampire nest in the country. The mating habits of the Chupacabra. A longstanding record of their cases—solved, unsolved, received but not-yet-opened. The question-mark cases—things they’d read in the news but hadn’t had the time to explore.
Jack goes quiet. Then he peers at Cas again. “I’m sorry, Cas. You should never have been there. No one should have been there, not even demons. But you’re the one who stopped it, Cas. Not me.
, Cas thinks. The irony isn’t lost on Cas, but he just says, “Thank you, Gadreel. I know you helped him too. When I couldn’t.”
“I used to wonder what would have happened if I hadn’t come to Hannah’s defense. If I’d let Daniel kill Hannah and then let them both go.” He knows he probably would have died soon after—it was Adina’s grace that restored him until he could locate his own. “I don’t wonder about things like that anymore.” A tear slips down his cheek. He wipes it away quickly.
“All the same, I can’t imagine the willpower it took for you to escape, and then to help everyone else escape. But Cas.” Jack looks right at him, and his eyes are soft. “You have to forgive yourself.”
Dean parks and gets out and starts up the flight of steps. He feels a bit like Rocky, climbing all these steps, but at least he doesn’t get winded. (He assumes it’s not possible to get winded in heaven.)
“Nice to meet you, Dean Winchester,” Daniel says. “We trust you didn’t have any issues getting here?”
“He’s already here,” Jack continues. “He’s visited with Bobby, with his parents, with Jo and Ellen.”
—that was a bell he couldn’t unring, so why even try. He said it, and he said it knowing full well what he meant when he did so.
“Hubristic. In becoming God, forgot how many things can go wrong with people. How their lives are always in danger, if not from vampires then from boating accidents, or from an especially virulent strain of the flu. I forgot what you told me—that we have to appreciate every moment they’re alive, because they’re not alive for long.” Jack pauses in stroking Cas’s hair. “I suppose I can put Dean back on earth, Cas. If you feel it’s right. But—”
Dean’s still sad, and Sam still wants him to see the doctor, and he will … but it’s spring now—soon it’ll be May 18
But at that moment, Sam really does get the last laugh: a group of waiters approach their table singing “Happy Birthday,” bringing a cake with a sparkler on top. Once they’re gone, Dean looks at Sam and just shakes his head.
“People need to know what’s germane to their reality,” Jack says. “They need to live without our interference. We have to give them the right to do that.”
“I don’t need you to babysit,” Dean said. “You don’t have to worry about me being around sharp objects. Or fucking tiptoe around me all day.”
“‘Love means never having to say you’re sorry,’” Daniel says. “That’s what we learned, though Anna tells us that’s just not true.”
“I was already happy, Dean,” Cas continues, “just to be part of your life. We were a family. You, me, Sam. We had a child together.” He pauses. “I was pretty much the happiest angel in the history of creation. All I had to do was accept that. And tell you who you really are, and how you did that for me.”
“I do.” He levels another devastated stare at his brother. “I lied to you. Again. I'm sorry, Sammy. It's like, all I ever do is lie to you." His voice breaks. "I told you I didn’t know how Cas summoned the Empty.”
Thing is, he’s been noticing people. Guys. When he’s walking around town or going to the mall or … whatever. Guys whose shoulders he admires. Guys with nice pecs. Guys whose postures and profiles remind him of Cas. And okay, he’ll just say it: guys with nice asses.
They stood quietly as they watched the party playing out below them. Mary was twirling Jack around, making him shriek with laughter. Claire and Kaia had hit it off with Abby and Leah, who had come around to the realization that ghosts were real after further interrogating Castiel and Dean over another dinner. The four of them were gathered around the food table, Claire’s hands flying wildly as she told a story that had the other three doubled over in laughter. Jody and Donna were on the dance floor with the rest of their girls as well as Garth and Bess.
The kiss was brief, just a quick press of lips to lips but it seemed to steady something in Dean. When he pulled away, he met Castiel’s eyes and said, “Me too, Cas. I- me too.”
It wasn’t a kiss like Castiel had seen in the movies when one character confessed their love for another. There were awkward moments, teeth bumping against each other, noses getting in the way of certain angles. But that made it all better because it was
“I do suppose it would be a waste of my depleted grace to use it to clean up my coat,” Castiel had said, looking down at his coat. He had grown attached to it and it would be a shame to have it stained with any sort of bodily fluids.
This one is from Dean's POV and is just a straight mildly ridiculous little one-shot. I hope you have fun with it!
To the average person their home looked perfectly normal, but they had put plenty of precautions in place to prevent any kind of supernatural interference. In the end, Castiel had found himself glad that they hadn’t yet had any furniture to worry about as they’d warded the house as much as they possibly could.
Dean had turned back to him, eyes downcast,  “I’m going to bed.” He’d left the room without looking at Castiel.
“So,” Abby said once they’d ordered their food, “wanna start from the beginning? You mentioned that both of you were kind of born into knowing about the… paranormal? But like, what does that actually mean?”
“Marriage,” Dean said, “let’s do it. We’re already a family, you, me, and Jack. It’s not like I’m planning on ditching you guys someday to settle down with someone else. I’m settled here and getting to be with the two of you like this is already more than I deserve. It’s something I never thought I’d get to have and there’s no one I’d rather have it with.” Dean’s eyes looked suspiciously wet as he finished speaking and Castiel could feel himself tearing up as well.
Castiel reached up to stroke the side of Dean’s face and Dean leaned into the touch with a sigh. “Most of all, though, I never thought you’d love me the same way I love you.” Dean’s tone was shy and he let his forehead drop to rest against Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel took a few moments to consider everything Dean had said. It was still a rare event for Dean to speak so freely about his feelings and Castiel knew how precious it was that Dean trusted him enough to share his past fears.
Dean smiled and reached over to squeeze his hand, causing Castiel to freeze until he remembered that Abby and Leah thought they were an actual couple. Dean was just playing his role in that.
Dean cringed, but he laughed, Castiel’s Starbucks addiction was a well-worn topic between the two of them. “I still don’t understand how you can drink that stuff. And this is coming from someone who loves a good dessert.”
Laying in the dark, Castiel listened to Dean’s breathing deepen as he fell asleep. As Castiel allowed his own eyes to slip shut, he felt overwhelmingly lucky that his life had led him here.
“And that’s… the only reason?” Sam rubbed his hand across his face as though this conversation was exhausting him.
There hadn’t been anything Castiel could think to say to that and Sam had just huffed and gone back to his reading.
As soon as Dean helped Jack out of his boots and coat, Jack took off toward the master bedroom as fast as his little legs could carry him. And Dean, still trying to remove his own boots, couldn’t catch him before he was scrambling onto the bed.
“He didn’t mention that,” Castiel said, but he wasn’t surprised. Dean didn’t often seem to realize when he went above and beyond in helping people. “And he’s not my husband… yet.”
On the night of their dinner/interrogation about the supernatural with Abby and Leah, Dean and Cas had dropped Jack off for a sleepover at Jody’s house. It was going to be their first night without Jack in the house since they’d officially become a couple and Dean was equal parts nervous and excited. Sure he and Cas had slept together, but it was always with the knowledge that they had to be quiet and keep things quick in case they were interrupted. But having a full childfree night spread luxuriously before him made Dean want to skip dinner all together. He had ideas. He had plans.
“Dean has seemed different since I’ve been back,” Castiel had said carefully. “I’ve noticed he’s not drinking anymore, and he’s been… nicer.” Castiel hadn’t been sure if that was even the right way to describe it, but he also couldn’t think of a better description.
Jody had helped them find the house. It was a simple two-story, three bedroom home. The previous owners had taken good care of it and kept it updated with modern appliances and fixtures while still keeping a cozy feel. The biggest selling point, though, was the large fenced-in backyard and the amount of surrounding land they would own. There was plenty of space for Jack to run and play. Space for Castiel to cultivate a garden and hopefully keep some bees. It was everything that Castiel had imagined when he’d dreamed of finding a home.
This had caused Dean to visibly wince, before again faking a smile, one that had looked nearly grotesque in how it hadn’t come close to reaching his eyes, “That makes sense.”
It had surprised Castiel how Dean and Sam had managed to create a nursery out of an empty room in the utilitarian bunker the first time Dean showed him Jack’s room.
Abby’s excitement drew glares from several nearby students. “Sorry, sorry,” she whispered, smiling appeasingly at them before turning her attention back to Castiel. “Congrats, seriously that’s so exciting. When did this happen?”
Abby and Leah came over for dinner that Saturday evening, conveniently giving Dean an excuse to cancel the weekly Sam call. Castiel had given Dean a knowing glare while Dean texted Sam about the change
“Of course,” Castiel said. Movie night was a staple after their weekly Sam call. Dean always made stovetop popcorn and the three of them would pile on the couch to watch a movie of Jack’s choice until his bedtime. Once Jack was asleep, Dean and Castiel would switch to a more adult movie. Recently, they’d been making their way through the Marvel movies since they were on the same subscription as all of Jack’s favorites and apparently Dean had missed a lot of them when they’d premiered, being busy saving the world and all. Their movie nights were some of Castiel’s favorite nights, despite the fact that superhero movies were not his favorite. He loved getting to be close to both Deana and Jack with nothing pressing to get done. It was a luxury that he didn’t take for granted after so many years of constant near-death situations.
“I didn’t get a chance to tell you last night, but Leah came into the shop yesterday,” Dean explained, “nice girl by the way. But imagine my surprise when she told me how much Abby likes working with my husband. AKA you, apparently.” Fortunately Dean’s tone was teasing rather than angry. His eyes sparkled with mirth as he watched Castiel squirm under his gaze.
“You really should wear more casual clothes around him,” Dean had said. “Trust me, you don’t wanna be trying to clean spit up off your favorite coat.”
“Doesn't count when you’ve got a baby drooling on you,” Dean said, grinning. “How could I not get a picture of that? ‘S’cute.”
All of Castiel’s carefully planted tulip bulbs were now sprouting out of the soil, creating a riot of color in the flower beds surrounding the deck. He hadn’t yet had a chance to begin planting a full garden, choosing to hold off until they weren’t trying to fit a rented dance floor in the yard.
The wedding was simple. Neither Castiel nor Dean had felt an urge to have a lavish celebration. They’d easily agreed that all they wanted was to spend time with their friends and family while eating good food and maybe dancing. The dancing part was something that Castiel had had to talk Dean around to, but Dean had finally agreed that dancing appeared to be an expected part of a wedding party.
“Sorry, I just- I know I don’t have too much more time to spend with him and I,” Dean’s voice had cracked and he’d coughed once before forcing his face into a casual grin, “I’ll miss the little guy, you know. I’ll-” his grin had fallen as quickly as he’d plastered it on, “I’ll be able to visit him, though, right?”
“Can we talk for a minute?” Castiel had asked, immediately grabbing Dean’s attention with his serious tone.
When Castiel hadn’t responded, Sam had just sighed again, deep and long-suffering, and left the kitchen.
“Abla,” Jack exclaimed. Castiel smiled. At a year and a half old, Jack was starting to speak more and more, even if Dean and Castiel were the only ones usually able to decipher his babble. They’d also taught him some basic signs, which helped him communicate his needs, but Castiel wasn’t sure what the sign for bubbles was and he hadn’t had a chance to ask Eileen.
After the short wedding ceremony, the reception quickly reached full swing, becoming raucous despite the small guest list. Castiel wasn’t used to being the center of attention and soon found himself not hiding but taking a break on the raised deck behind the house where he could watch the party without having to participate.
It was true, but Castiel still felt a deep sense of regret when he thought about how much time they’d wasted.
From there, he and Cas kept their explanation at a high level, not feeling the need to get into the wilder details of their lives like all of the deaths and apocalypses.
“We have to tell him, Dean,” Castiel said, feeling mildly annoyed that Dean was even suggesting they keep their marriage a secret. “I’m sure it will be fine. Sam’s very understanding.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean had finally moved to brush by Castiel, his expression stone cold as he’d marched back to his own room. Castiel had felt defeated as he checked in on Jack before heading to bed.
Coming back from the dead yet again had been… jarring. Even more so than usual thanks to the circumstances surrounding his death and Jack’s birth. Despite his track record, Castiel hadn’t been expecting to be brought back to life again.
“No, I want to Cas,” Dean said. The steady way he held Castiel’s gaze made Castiel believe him. “Sam’s just being Sam, you know. He loves getting involved in everyone’s business. Always thinks he knows what’s best.”
It took some time to clean the remnants of breakfast off of a squirming Jack and even more time to coerce him into his winter clothes. The snow hadn’t accumulated enough to bother with snow pants when they wouldn’t be outside for long, but he managed to get Jack into his puffy blue coat with matching mittens and a bright pink hat that Castiel had knitted himself, a hobby he’d picked up because it was both a productive and relaxing way to pass time, with a giant bobble on top that Jack adored.
Abby kept going, not seeming to notice how still Dean and Cas suddenly were, “I stopped reading them when one of the main characters was sent to hell and it had a really long hiatus, but now after talking to you guys I kinda want to dig them up again and see how it ends.”
“You’re such a fucking child,” Castiel could hear Sam say on the other end of the line. He sounded more tired than angry.
“I was thinking somewhere near Jody, Donna, and the girls maybe. It would be nice to have a support system around.”
“Well, I think this is a good place to leave things. I think I’ve had enough perception-altering revelations for one night,” Abby said. Her tone was joking, but she looked tired.
“Good,” Castiel replied. “Now we should probably get to sleep given Jack’s habit of waking up before dawn.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, considering picking up a few colors the next time he had to run errands. “And thanks again for watching him. I hope he behaved himself.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel could feel frustration coiling in his stomach, “why does that upset you?”
(Also, Dean's opinions on Starbucks drinks are entirely his own. I really just wrote an entire intro roasting my personal taste in coffee treats because I myself am tragically addicted to them and my past-self who wanted to be a black coffee only cool girls would be so embarrassed.)
Dean’s face relaxed back into an easy smile, “Well you won’t know unless you ask. But take your time, I’m not trying to push you into it.”
“I know,” Dean had replied, “we’re gonna need to find some real fucking jobs to keep the lights on now."
Sam had looked at him, a deep disappointment clear on his face, “I really thought you knew him better than that, Cas.”
“And his coworker and her girlfriend saw it happen so they’re super freaked out. It was really just a banner lunch.”
“Basement’s good. I can take a look at that electrical crap first,” Dean replied, following her toward the set of stairs that led downward.
Castiel had paused, knowing what the implication would be if he said yes. And he knew that Dean probably wouldn’t like it. But the truth was that he and Dean
Which is how Dean found them when he got home from work. Castiel woke to him taking a photo on his phone.
“Dean,” Castiel said, his stomach sinking at Dean’s words as his free arm wound around Dean, hand settling on Dean’s lower back. “I’m sorry. I hope that you know now that I would never willingly leave you.”
Dean rested his temple against Castiel’s, “Married to an angel and raising a half-angel kid with a bunch of friends who know who I really am and accept me anyhow. I didn’t think it was possible without always hiding a part of myself. Hell, several parts of myself. I never thought I’d be able to be with a man, my dad would die all over again if he was around to see this,” Dean laughed, but it was a dry, pained thing.
“Jesus Christ,” Abby muttered. “Wait, no, I don’t actually want to hear whatever you have to say about him. I was raised Catholic, I need to keep some mental boundaries here.
“You should invite her and her girlfriend around to dinner sometime. All the knives and guns are hidden away now, this house is straight up stepford. Perfectly acceptable for hosting your coworkers.”
“We’re not married, but no he isn’t a scam artist.” It didn’t feel like a lie when he knew that Dean was never the type to take advantage of anyone who needed his help. “I can give you his cell number and let him know to expect a text from Leah.”
“I just don’t get it, why are you marrying me?” Dean asked, sounding as confused as Castiel felt. “You could do a hell of a lot better, maybe even find someone you actually want to, you know,
“I haven’t been perfect either, Dean,” Castiel said. It was still hard sometimes to think about the myriad mistakes he’d made over the years that they’d known each other. “But we’ve made amends and moved forward. We’ve built a life together and that’s all I ever wanted.” He tilted his head down to press a kiss to Dean’s hair.
Castiel had felt a near constant sense of warmth since then knowing that this was his home, his family. That he’d managed to find something for himself in spite of what had felt like the entire universe working against him. Instead of living a life constantly moving, constantly at risk, he’d found a place where he could stay, where he was safe.
“It wasn’t an exorcism so much as helping her move on,” Castiel explained, still leaning heavily against Dean. “I don’t believe she ever meant you any harm, she was just stuck here and now her soul is at peace in heaven.”
Their very late lunch extended well into the evening when they sat around catching up with Claire and Kaia for hours. It led to Castiel having to put a cranky, overstimulated Jack to bed early before collapsing back onto the couch next to Dean.
The idea of telling Dean had been especially painful. Over the previous two months Castiel had noticed a lightness in Dean that he’d never seen before that seemed to come from being around Jack. With Jack he was freer with his affection, gave comfort willingly, and wasn’t afraid to be silly if it made Jack laugh. But Dean had always made it clear that hunting was the life he’d chosen and that a family just didn’t fit into that picture.
“Dean,” Castiel said, gently shaking his shoulder. This close he could see Dean’s freckles highlighted by the flickering television light.
Dean scoffed at that, “Sure he is.” But he let the subject drop, choosing to leave Castiel and the coffee behind on the porch while he chased Jack around the yard instead. Castiel wasn’t happy with Dean’s conflict avoidance, but it was hard to stay upset while he watched Jack happily laughing as Dean caught him and lifted him in the air.
“That’s a relief, should buy us some time to do some research so we can plan a salt and burn,” Dean replied, voice pitched low. Castiel nodded in agreement.
“Your back is going to bother you if you stay here,” Castiel said, repeating a frequent complaint of Dean’s. The couch was an exceptionally comfortable large leather sectional, but it was less supportive than Dean’s beloved memory foam mattress.
Castiel went through the motions of his morning ablutions before stumbling down the stairs to the kitchen, still feeling half asleep.
As soon as the spring weather rolled in, they chose a weekend and decorated the backyard for the occasion.
When they climbed into bed Castiel spooned himself against Dean’s back, taking comfort in the warm weight of Dean in his arms.
“Cas, you know you don’t have to be useful to me, right?” Dean turned to look at him, “I don’t give a rat’s ass about how much grace you have left as long as you’re safe and healthy. I just worry about you trying so hard to prove yourself that you end up getting hurt.”
“We used to be ghost hunters, before Jack,” Dean said, “When you mentioned your problems with the house we thought we’d check it out and that we’d be able to deal with it without you noticing.”
“Of course he did, Cas,” Sam had said with a bit of a scoff. “What, did you think he’d just hand Jack off after you’d died for him? As far as Dean’s concerned Jack is your family which makes him our family. There was never another choice than to raise him as well as we could in your absence.”
"Dean! I needed you to know that you're reading it wrong. And Eileen also sees what I see." Sam stopped and rubbed his temples with his thumbs. "Do you honestly think that Cas would want to stop what you two are doing completely?"
Dean shrugged. "It could happen." He looked through the peephole and cursed under his breath. "It's Garth."
Dean waved his hand, shooing Sam out of the room. "I hear you loud and clear." He paused. "Thanks, Bitch."
Dean schooled his face and looked over to the pair of miscreants leaning on the wall between the Quick Mart and the Rentflix. “Ash, Charlie.”
Charlie walked over and swatted at Dean’s hand. She started to pull a bobby pin out of her hair when she shook her head and gestured for Dean to look at the keyhole.
As the door swung open, Dean reached over and flicked the light switch into the on position. With the lights on, he could see Cassie curled up on the floor in the corner, crying as she rocked back and forth. Her skirt was hiked up around her waist, and her mouth hung agape as she stared over towards the toilet.
After hanging it up, he went up to the roof, gear in hand, and looked around at his team. There weren’t many things Dean could say made him happy. He could probably count those things on one hand.
Dean flipped through Netflix on his laptop. Sam didn't want to get involved in his love life. He wouldn't do anything. Right? Dean slammed the lid of his computer shut and set it on the nightstand. He let out a huff of frustration and rolled over onto his stomach, burying his face in his pillows. Dean groaned, his frustration muffled by the softness surrounding his head.
“Seriously? Look, I know you think I’m stupid, but even I know that Ahn isn’t Japanese, it’s Korean.”
Sam checked for a pulse while looking at Cas. The oldest Winchester was still with them, and Cas had heard the words that fell from Dean’s lips even though he was trying to act like he hadn’t. Sam looked at Cas, his face twisted in concern. “Cas, are we good to move him?”
“I agree.” Dean nodded. After a few moments of holding on to Cas, a thought crossed Dean’s mind. “Cas, how long have you and Charlie been talking?”
“Ain’t that easy. Dad can’t run the shop on his own. He’s either too drunk or too depressed.” Dean shook his head. “I stayed so Sam could leave.”
“Well,” Cas pushed himself up on his hands and knees, a sly smirk across his lips. “Think the rack is tight enough for a good break? I need to make sure I can sink in properly.”
Thankfully, Dean had gotten the parking spot in front of their room. He took the card key and somehow managed to slide it in on the first try.
Lisa scoffed. “Sam wanted you out of this life too.” The bell dinged on the counter again. “Honor system!”
“Interesting.” Cas raised an eyebrow before turning to face Dean. “From what the research says, they had the right things for an offering. But the Fomorian could possibly also sense the intent behind it. Claire can’t be the one to make the offering.”
Like before, Dean pulled up in front of the building. Donna and Jody arrived at the same time as him, and it looked like Kevin was just dropped off by his mom. There were smiles and waves as they all walked in together, joining Krissy, who had chosen to wait inside. None of them appeared to be treating him any differently, and Dean hoped for a moment that his awkwardness from the week before had gone unnoticed.
"This is a punty." Cas pulled out another rod after putting the blowpipe back. "Once you form the shape of your project, you get a little bit of molten glass on the end of this and stick it on the bottom of your piece. It helps stabilize it and allows for a transfer when you're ready to finish the top of your piece."
Charlie smirked as she smacked Ash’s shoulder and pointed at Dean. Ash nodded and laughed before translating for Dean. “Red here says you’re full of shit, Dean-O.”
“It’s all good, buddy. You’re still getting used to needing sleep.” Dean licked his lips and nodded towards the building. “We should get in there. The girls need us.”
“Solve them faster.” Cas stood there quietly for a few minutes. “So, I was browsing the internet this morning….”
“You will not have him,” Cas growled as he pressed the blade harder against her skin, nicking it and drawing blood.
Cas laughed into his mug. "I mean, it is highly amusing that Garth, of all people, was the one who figured it out. And he figured it out because he's a dentist."
“Yeah. Same goes for the second one, though.” Dean pulled out a box of candy and started counting. “It’s an Imperial war machine. Why would it be bad to blow that one up?”
Dean gestured to everyone to move back before he walked over to the edge. While it didn’t appear that the ball had broken anything or hit anyone, the cursing below continued. Dean leaned over to see an irate someone tugging at the door. Was it just a coincidence that the person yelled when the ball went over the edge? Dean quickly spotted the ball and turned to ask Cas to run and grab it.
“I’m fine.” Dean managed to force out between coughs. He struggled to inhale and gripped the blanket under him as he tried to brace himself for a deep breath.
“Yeah, we’ll stop there. I’ll run in, pack up quick, and then we’ll get on the road.” Sam thrummed his thumbs on the steering wheel to a random beat. He looked back in the rearview mirror and watched how deliberately Cas kept vigil over his brother. Sam briefly debated bringing up what Dean admitted before passing out, ultimately deciding against it on the short trip to the motel.
“You don’t know what happened, as you were not in the store, but a short time after your return, You heard an ear-piercing scream. You ran to the back of the store, knocked three times, then when she wouldn’t answer, you knocked on the door. When there was no answer, you opened the food to find Miss Robinson curled up in a ball on the floor and Mr. Michaels dead on the toilet.”
“My grace is limited, Sam.” Sam looked at Cas, who appeared to be on the verge of tears. “I can’t completely heal him, not yet.”
“Not as sorry as my father’s going to be if he doesn’t get his ass here now.” His cell went to voicemail for the second time. “Fucking hell.”
As the group walked over, Kevin spoke up. "You mean, we're getting right to it? You're going to show us, and then we do it?"
“I know it’s hard for us, Dean. And until we get out of town, I’m okay hiding. But I wanted you to make sure you know I’m yours.” Cas leaned in and kissed Dean softly, a fleeting touch that Dean could barely comprehend. “I love you, Dean.”
“Sam says that we should be able to talk to it.” Dean exited the bathroom and stood in front of the group. “If it won’t listen to us and take the offering, we should, in theory, be able to take it out with a salt-iron blade.”
"Dude, you guys got me dinner. I don't need anything else." Dean took the envelope that Sam forced at him and rolled his eyes. "I'm not getting out of this, am I?"
If there was one thing that Dean was not particularly fond of, it was his birthday. It was another reminder that a whole year had passed, and he was still alive, still stuck, still single. He had nothing to show for his years on the planet, and each year that passed was another punch to the gut.
"I highly doubt it, based on the erythematous lesions you have going on your soft palate there." Garth gestured, circling his finger at Dean's mouth. "The repetitive motion of a hard phallus hitting the soft palate causes wear, which turns into lesions. It's a common indicator of oral sex. I doubt you'd be surprised with how many patients I have that have them."
"...alright. So that's the shop, and we're actually at the end time for our session. Next week will be the first of the three-hour classes. Make sure you're dressed appropriately and bring hydration." Cas winked as he dismissed them.
Dean focused on Cas' fingers, sucking on them and licking them, trying to keep his voice from betraying both him and Cas, as Cas began to fuck him into the mattress. The fact that his boyfriend wasn't even close to winded - or at least didn't sound like it - and the brutal pace in which Cas pounded into Dean, succeeded in making Dean painfully hard and so close to coming.
When he realized that Dean had finished, Cas quickly rearranged the room as best he could, hoping it looked like he wasn't able to watch Dean from his seat.
“It doesn’t matter if he doesn’t remember saying those words to you Dean, that doesn’t change the fact that he does. How are you so certain he doesn’t remember saying that, anyway?”
Cas slid out of his chair and made his way to Dean. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist and held him for a moment, breathed him in before taking the pool cue into his own hands. “You smell incredible, Dean.”
“Coming!” He turned quickly, hoping no one caught him staring at Cas. It was bad enough that he was fighting with the woman he was actually dating. If someone saw him staring at Cas? Yeah. That was not a thought Dean wanted to linger on.
“Cas?!” Lisa’s voice caused Dean to jump into a standing position. “You love Cas?!” She shakes her head. “No, that’s not what he said. He very distinctly said that you were going to meet Cassie for a date.”
“Look where she’s getting married, Assbutt.” Cas ran his finger down the page, stopping on the location.
“While I agree, can we please focus on the case at hand?” Claire fell back into the bed as she pressed her palms into her eyes. “The creature is hostile. It’s not going to talk to us, so we need to gank it.”
“Yeah. And while I know my stuff, the fact that you stuck by me? Helped me out? It means the world, man. I’m actually feeling good about this whole going to college thing now, especially knowing that Sammy can run to Bobby and Ellen if Dad tries anything stupid.” Dean stirred his milkshake with his straw. “You decide where you’re going yet?”
, coming from the direction of the bathroom. Dean and Cas took a moment to look at each other before Dean bolted out from behind the counter. Dean practically bounded to the back and banged on the bathroom door. “Cassie? Cassie!” He reached for the doorknob and twisted it, surprised that it was unlocked. “Cassie? I’m opening the door.”
“I am.” Dean stood up straight and closed his magazine. “See you’re back in town to plan your wedding.”
Dean turned his head and saw Cas meditating. “Dumbass.” He attempted to take a deep breath before he started coughing. “What the hell?”
“Ew, God, no. It’s Charlie.” Dean chuckled as he climbed into his Baby. The drive was comfortable, with the boys humming along to Stones tape Dean played. Once they arrived at the Roadhouse, Dean held open the door for Cas and led him back to a set of tables that Ellen had designated as ‘family only.’
As he stood behind the counter and flipped through the magazine, a cough caused him to look up. “Hey. Sorry.” Dean stood up and started scanning the items the man was buying.
“So, let me guess. You’re afraid of losing him if he doesn’t love you back?” Claire returned Dean’s knowing look from earlier. “What a crazy random happenstance.”
“Not sure I have time for that.” Cas grabbed the pool cue from Dean’s hands before cupping his hand on Dean’s cheek. He quickly scanned Dean’s vitals and let out a sigh of relief.
Now that he had finally gotten used to it, waking up without Cas next to him felt almost like the bad dream that brought them together.
Someone in the back of the crowd called out that Dean was afraid of the truth. “I’m not afraid of the truth. I’m trying to do my job, and this guy is loitering and causing a disturbance!”
Claire matched his pace and started walking side by side with him. They walked in silence for several minutes before she responded. “I just got her back.”
"Alright, so let's do a quick tour, and then we'll introduce you to your benches and the furnaces." Cas led them around the workshop, showing them where the bathroom and breakroom were, as well as the administrative offices, before guiding them to a few workstations. "These are our benches. They're set up for a basic workshop condition, but once you get into the groove, you can rearrange to what works for you and your partner."
Dean returned his attention to Cassie. “He is my best friend. Has been since we were kids. He knows how you fucked me up.” Dean shook his head. “Anyway, I’m still not sure what you’re asking for.”
Cas nodded, and Dean could have sworn he felt the briefest of kisses against the crown of his head. “I know, Dean. I know. Because it’s been the same for me.” Dean felt a content sigh roll from Cas’ chest, and for a brief moment, he wondered if Missouri was somewhere in the gymnasium laughing at the pair. “Dean? Would that be okay?”
