"So you did put a whammy on me," Dean said belligerently.
"Good. Head to Oklahoma City. I've got a lead on a buru buru at a old carnival. Call me when you get into town." That was it, John just hung up. Dean tossed the phone down on the seat next to him and glanced at the leather pouch. He touched it with his fingertip watching it swing from its leather cord.
"You have any eggs?" Dean was acting like it was a normal experience to wake up next to him...naked.
"Dean, have you had unprotected sex?"
The angel walked to them and touched their arms. Dean felt like he was on a tilt-a-whirl...everything went black and he felt his stomach revolt. He suddenly found himself, the vampire, and the truck sitting in front of Benny's store. Gabriel stepped away from them, looking pleased with himself. "No need to thank me...well, agreeing to the three..."
Dean dragged his gaze away from their cocks and met Cas' eyes. "Cas..."
"Bridgid won't be happy."
Dean was on the road by six-thirty. He'd given Bobby a hug goodbye, something he'd never done with his own father. Dean pushed the speed limit and with only one stop for gas and food, avoiding dessert of any kind, he rolled into Casper at noon. He retraced his route and after a few wrong turns, he pulled into Lafitte. He parked in front of the store again. He needed to grab some liquid courage. If the store didn't have a bottle, maybe the bar would sell him one. He pushed open the door and didn't stop to think. He reacted. Seeing the bloodsucker latched to Cas' throat had him seeing red. What made Dean even angrier was when Cas defended the son of a bitch, saying he offered himself so the bloodsucker could drink from him. Cas was so fucking trusting. The vamp could have drained him dry. He had to rein in his rage at the thought of Benny's mouth on Cas' throat.
"He is," Dean answered honestly. "But Bobby's more like me than my father."
"Nice ass, Babe," Dean whispered at the corner of Castiel's mouth.
"Is this 'friend' another hunter?" Benny asked, all mirth now gone from his expression.
"Yeah, he'll have to come check on his boyfriend," Dean said caustically.
The man standing over him tilted his head sideways in confusion. “There are no wendigos in my forest, Mister…”
"Hope she was pretty," Bobby chuckled. Dean didn't even smile. He'd come to terms with his bisexuality a long time ago. He hid it from everyone, especially John. And he hadn't acted on it in a long time, but he'd been attracted to Cas. Cas admitted he'd been with Benny. Only once, Cas said. Did he want Dean to be another notch on his bedpost? The more he thought about it, the surer he got Cas put a love spell on him. Well, he was damn well going to take it off.
"Dean, tell me you've been in contact with Sam."
Falling to his knees, he cried out. "Please."
Dean winced and cupped the front of his pants. "Fuck."
"Thank you."
He trailed a finger over Dean's cheek. "My sweet, blushing bride," he teased.
"That is an excellent idea. We should go to the angel's establishment," Mab announced.
Sam held out his hand, and Castiel watched his face. With no heartbeat, Benny's skin was always cold to the touch. The undead didn't produce body heat. Sam's eyes flickered to Dean, and Dean smiled. "Yeah, he's a vamp; but I trust him, Sam, and so does Bobby." Sam seemed to take it at face value, and he nodded to Benny as they released hands.
With the help of Gabriel and a few members of Garth's pack, Benny got Bobby's tires changed out and Dean's battery installed. As the afternoon turned into evening, Castiel decided to walk back to the cabin. He wasn't sure when Dean was coming back.
Dean gave the vampire a brisk nod. "Sammy, look, rent a car and take 220 south for..." He looked at Benny for direction. Instead of giving Dean the information, he held out his hand for the phone. Reluctantly, Dean handed it over.
"Yes...please..." Cas sounded out of breath, and Dean looked up. Cas was wrecked, his eyes wide, mouth agape as if he couldn't pull in enough air. Carefully, he pushed his finger in between the two Cas was using. Wet heat enveloped it. "Yes, Dean, that's it...so good." Dean moved his hand in tandem with Cas'...in and out...matching the rhythm perfectly. He watched Cas' hips rise up to meet each thrust. Did it really feel that good to be fucked? What had Dean been missing?
"Are you safe?" Benny asked as he stepped closer to the bed.
He put the Impala in gear and carefully drove towards the town of Lafitte. He parked in front of the general store.  Before he got out, he hung the amulet over the rearview mirror. Dean stood by the car and looked around.  He'd driven through on his way to the woods; but other than noting it was really small, he hadn't paid much attention. There were a few houses, only three businesses that he could see. Everything was old, almost like a ghost town.
"Dean..."
"Castiel, can that angel of yours get mead for the celebration?"
He took two loads of wood to the porch and went back for more. The pile was getting low, and he needed to split some more. He picked up his axe and began to chop.
When he heard the clump of boots on the porch, he jumped up and swung the door open. "Cas," he shouted happily and then frowned. "Benny."
"Seriously...what if I wanted to say something else to my brother?"
"Yes."
"The night before the ritual," Benny replied without looking up from the crossword puzzle he was doing.
"It's a bit early for dinner, Castiel," Mab said, looking at him like he was an imbecile.
"Sammy, no. You don't need to come here." Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. How had this whole thing gotten so out of hand. If it hadn't been for his father sending him off on a wild goose chase for a wendigo, Dean would be happily driving around the country, hunting monsters...but noooooo.
Bobby grinned. "Looks like you were well on your way before we showed up."
"We can't ride in this," Castiel yelled to be heard over the wind. Dean looked up at the darkening sky and grabbed Castiel's arm, hauling him back inside. He slammed the door.
"Of course," Cas said and with a nod to Dean, he went back inside. Dean frowned. Cas was being pretty damn standoffish...ever since they left the cabin...
Castiel opened the door and gestured for Dean to enter. "It's dark. How can I see where to aim?"
"What's on the menu?" Dean asked, sitting up and putting his back to the headboard. He felt lightheaded just moving that much. His eyes flicked over his clothes, still laying on the chair next to the fire. They'd be dry now. Thinking of his clothes made him think of his phone. He groaned. His phone would be toast. He tried to remember the last time he'd checked in with his father. When would his dad begin to worry about him? Okay, worry wasn't the right word. It was more like, when would his father check in to make sure Dean hadn't fucked anything up. Carefully, he picked up the pouch and untied the string. He dumped out the stones into his palm. He recognized Amethyst but didn't know enough about geology to name the others. They felt warm in his hands. "Can't hurt," he mumbled to himself and tucked the stones back into the bag and placed it under his pillow.
A soft smile touched her lips, and she shook her head. "You know better."
Sam rushed inside. "Car's ready.
"Dean, something's bothering you. If it's the love spell thing, don't worry about it. Just track her down and kill her."
"Love...Dean, no...I don't..." Why would Dean think the amulet was a love... "What makes you think that?"
The damn witch was gathering Dean's clothes and putting them in his duffle. Dean huffed and snatched the bag away, dumping it all out on the bed. "Would you just stop and listen?"
Almost an hour later he stepped out of the shower, having enjoyed using all the hot water just for himself. Dean toweled himself off, scrubbing his hair roughly. He secured the towel around his waist and opened the bathroom door.
By the time Dean had finished the entire six pack, he was back in front of the mirror criticizing everything he could see. Sure he’d taken a few curvy girls to bed, and if he was honest he’d enjoyed the extra softness and how they’d felt as he’d sunk into them. But there was a difference in a soft, curvy woman and a fat, old man.
When they got onto the porch, Cas dropped his load and stacked it neatly. Dean didn't so much release his as it exploded from his trembling arms. Logs flew in every direction and he didn't need to see Cas' face to know the man was laughing at him. "Shut up."
"Interestingly enough, they have colleges in Boston," Sam said sarcastically, and Castiel felt a growing fondness for Dean's brother.
"Don't sell yourself short, Winchester. Four days...not a lot of time. The aunts on their way?"
"You're awake," Cas said from midway down the ladder.
"See, what did I say," Zoraida crowed.
His eyes followed Cas to the small dresser and when he bent over to retrieve a pair of sleep pants, Dean may have drooled. He wiped his mouth, just to be sure. Then the motherfucker dropped the towel, giving Dean a view of that perfect ass. Dean turned away. After a moment, Cas walked by him again and began pumping more water into the tub. Another slight of hand and Cas smiled at Dean. "Your water is ready."
"How?" Dean snapped.
"Fag..." The one word cut into Dean like a knife, and he turned away. He walked to the window and looked out at the parking lot. The street lights glowed, and he tried to find the rental. Where were Bobby and Benny? Probably in the waiting room. Where was Gabriel? Did he just dump John and leave?
"Why would I turn you into a cockroach. Guinea pigs are sweet and fun to cuddle with."
"You said you had blue balls and I assumed..."
When Dean got back to the motel with Bobby, he stripped off his clothes and took a quick shower. He replayed the fight with the Arachne. What had caused her to hesitate and back away from him? While Bobby took his turn in the bathroom, Dean sprawled on his bed, flipping channels, but not really seeing anything. It was then he suddenly remembered taking the amulet out of the car and putting it into his pocket. He ruffled through the filthy ranger uniform until he found the small, black bag. Carefully, he pulled it open and dumped out the contents onto the nightstand: dried twigs, leaves, and a few small stones. He poked them with his finger.
"Lucifer? Was your mom on drugs or something?"
Cas blinked at him like he was a complete idiot. "No." That was it. Just no. Cas better find some more words soon because he had some explaining to do. Dean took off his coat and hung it on the hook by the door. Cas did the same. Then he sat at the table, putting the amulet Dean had thrown on the ground earlier down in front of him. Dean grabbed the chair, turned it around, and sat with his arms across the back of it. They stared at each other. Dean was bound and determined he was going to win this contest. Without taking his eyes from Dean, Cas slid the pouch across the table. "This is what saved you from death. That is all it did, Dean. I do not make love potions or do love spells."
Dean began to laugh. Cas joined him. They were still laughing when they entered the cabin. Cas filled the tub while Dean fed and watered Pierce. They bathed each other and after a mutual handjob, the two dressed and headed to town.
Cas opened a wooden box on the porch and pulled out a length of cord. Snow was still coming down heavily and already drifts were up against the steps and the sides of the cabin. Nightfall didn't help matters. Dean couldn't see anything. Cas quickly tied a knot around the railing and stepped off into the swirling whiteness. "Hang onto the line," Cas called back to him.
Dean was so intent on his criticism of himself, he missed the soft whup whup of wings announcing Castiel’s return to the motel room. Castiel stood silently, frowning in confusion as Dean poked and prodded himself.
When Dean woke, he felt disoriented. Where was he? It took him a few seconds of blinking to fully wake. Carefully, he sat up, the memories of the morning flooding back. He smelled something wonderful, and his stomach gave an angry growl. He narrowed his eyes. Where was the witch?
"I can make pancakes," Dean answered. He finally managed to get his coat off and hung.
"I wouldn't just leave without saying something, Cas." Dean watched the man visibly relax, and Dean grinned. "Hey, if you teach me how to use that monstrosity you call a stove, I'll make breakfast."
Dean jumped and turned to face Castiel. He grabbed his t-shirt from the top of his duffle, pulling it quickly over his head. He didn’t want to see the look of repulsion on Castiel’s face.
Castiel looked up. "There is nothing to tell."
Arif stood up, addressing Benny, but not taking his eyes off Dean. "One of us? How can a hunter be one of us. He's a Winchester. His reputation precedes him, Benny. How can he be trusted?"
"We've met," Dean answered. To Benny, he said, "Can we go somewhere and talk...privately?"
"I heard about a skinwalker down in New Mexico, near one of the reservations," Dean answered, sounding more confident than he felt.
"Has your goddess ever steered you wrong?"
"Yeah...thanks." Benny went back into the store, and Castiel knew he'd go out the back door to get his truck. Dean popped the hood of the car and glared down at the battery. He fiddled with the cables and seemed satisfied they were connected.
"And Sam...this is Cas...Castiel." Sam's eyes lit with interest, and he held out his hand again. Castiel shook firmly while keeping eye contact.
"Dean? Dean Winchester?"
"Does it work?"
"I can't betray my friends, Dean. You're a hunter. I shouldn't have allowed you to come back. It was selfish of me."
Back at the bedside, Castiel stared down at the stranger. He was so pale, but still handsome. His skin had been kissed by angels…freckles dotted his cheeks and the bridge of his nose, dark lashes lay against his cheeks. He was truly a beautiful man.
"Why him?" The words were barely audible, and shame washed over Castiel. Benny had taken him into his protection, his home, and had introduced him to the members of their small town. Castiel had repaid him by sleeping with him once...only once...so long ago.
"Okay...okay...fuck...give me a minute..." Dean couldn't wrap his head around the thought of going bareback. It just wasn't done. His father had drilled it into him throughout his teenage years. 'You can't risk knocking someone up, Dean. You come home with the clap, and you're on your own, Dean.' But this was Cas, and John wouldn't ever chastise him again. He swallowed and nodded. He slowly pulled his fingers out, and Cas removed his a second later.
The part you've all been waiting for is here - showdown time.
"Just one more minute." Dean turned and saw Cas' back. The tattoo was easy to see now. A tree with half of it disappearing in a flight of birds. Beautiful. Cas pulled a sweatshirt over his head and the ink disappeared. He slipped on a pair of boots and grabbed his own coat. Dean shifted from one foot to the other. Cas opened the door and Dean would have ran, but...well...
Circe stared down at her fingernails, trying to look bored. "He's safe. His dick is probably cold anyway."
"Not making this easy, Cas...Jeez. I said I love you and I meant it. I've never said that to anyone before...except for Sam. Maybe mom, but she died so long ago." He was rambling. "I didn't think I was allowed to want...this." He waved his arms around to encompass the cabin. "You...a home...an apple pie kind of life. But I do, Cas. I do want it."
He picked up the amulet and the bag of stones. "I will just have to prove it to you somehow." Dean watched as he got up and put the two pouches on his mantle.
He handed her the bottle. "This, given twice a day. Orange juice. Turmeric mixed with honey. Barley water." He touched her arm. "If she gets worse, bring her to me."
He wanted to leave now...to get somewhere where he could have some Goddamn cell service. He looked down at his hands, still held in Cas' and suddenly felt calm. He agreed to wait until morning. Cas encouraged him to sleep, easier said than done. He cursed his stubborn streak. He should have let Benny give him a ride yesterday. He still didn't know why he'd insisted on staying with Cas. It wasn't just to fuck with Benny – there was something else, but he didn't want to think about it.
Gently Mab turned them towards the aunts, who were all looking at them with pride and happiness. "Castiel and Dean, on behalf of all those present, and by the strength of your own love, I pronounce you married." Mab tied an intricate bow in the ribbon.
Before he could answer, Gordon leaned back into his chair and gave Dean an evil smile. "Your boyfriend is worried about you, Mr. Expert. You sick or something?"
"You fool. You stupid fool." Dean heard the voice and it sounded like it was a million miles away.
It took another five minutes to get Dean bundled into his coat. Together, they walked outside, and Dean's breath caught as the wind buffeted his hair. "Holy fuck. Why would anyone choose to live here?"
Dean tossed the amulet at Castiel's feet. "What is this?"
"Oh, no, my husband, Joe, made it."
"I thought you'd left."
Without showing fear, Dean stepped up toe to toe. "So much for being all peaceful. Is that a ruse to stay around here and feed on other creatures. Bet witch blood tastes real good, huh?" Dean taunted.
“You’re welcome, Dean. I notice everything about you and your brother. I consider it my personal responsibility to pay attention to you, especially. I put your body together once, you remember,” Castiel replied.
Dean lifted the hood of the Impala just to make it look like he wasn' t lying through his teeth, even though he was. His father would know, but what other plan did they have? Would the goddess even let him leave with his dad? This whole situation was convoluted.
"My place?" Dean asked, copping an attitude. Who the fuck did she think she was? Lightning cracked above him. Okay, so she was a powerful being, and Dean knew he needed to check himself at the door. The belligerent chin lift came down a half inch.
And Dean thought he had a dysfunctional family. At least he hadn't been disowned...yet. "Do they know where you are?"
"A hunter?" Kate looked pensive. "Did he know what Castiel was?"
John looked at him like he didn't believe him, but he didn't say anything else. He just grunted and got into his truck, slamming the door without even saying goodbye.
"Tamara. She has been running a fever for three days now. Nothing the elders have tried seems to work."
"No...no, sir." Dean's voice lost it's masculine baritone, and now it sounded like a much younger man's. Castiel needed to draw some energy from the earth to balance himself, but he couldn't leave Dean. Not now.
The vampire took pity on Sam. "Gabriel doesn't sleep, Sam. You can take his bed, and Gabriel will keep watch on your father...isn't that right, Gabriel?"
"Son, I need you to listen to me." Dean was already shaking his head, and Bobby cuffed him on the side of his head. "I said, listen to me."
"Thank you." Dean felt Sam's presence behind him and then the light touch on his shoulder. "Come on, Dean."
Having Dean in his arms was something Castiel didn't think he could ever get enough of. If he only had Dean for another hour or an entire lifetime, it didn't matter. He would take what he could get. Until Dean offered himself like that...like he wasn't worth being made love to. Offering himself like that pissed Castiel off. Not at Dean, but at the circumstances that would make a warm, smart man like that doubt he had anything to give except his body.
She left the circle and began walking down the path. The other aunts fell into step behind her and one by one, the crowd followed. Dean looked quizzically at Castiel. "That's it?"
"Yes, Dean?"
"Son, I'm here to help this whole town. Dean's not in danger, you are." Dean jammed his hands in his pockets. Bobby's words made him angry. Just the thought of Cas being in danger from his dad and Gordon made him see red.
"I can give it a try," he mumbled almost to himself. Bobby pulled him close and held him. When was the last time his father hugged him? It saddened him that he couldn't remember. He was a disappointment to John Winchester, but Bobby never made him feel that way. Maybe it was time to be the son Bobby could be proud of. Wiping the moisture from his eyes, he pulled back. "Come on, old man, I have a pissed off witch to settle things with."
Dean looked perplexed. "Eat? Uhm, breakfast. Why?"
"Let's find Bobby," Sam suggested. "He's the closest thing dad has to a friend."
"It isn't that long of a walk into town. I could probably find my way when I'm ready to go," Dean answered, still keeping his eyes on Benny. Benny lifted his chin.
"Fuck...Cas...your cat escaped."
Looking out towards the trees, Dean nodded. "Yeah, but it doesn't matter."
"Four strangers are coming. Two good...two who mean us harm."
Castiel sensed Dean's need growing, and he kissed his way down Dean's belly. Dean sucked in his stomach, and he received a nip of teeth in retaliation. "Don't," Castiel whispered on the smooth skin. He moved lower, breathing in the scent of Dean's sex. The heady aroma of clean male sweat, arousal, and Dean's own pheromones could easily drive Castiel insane. He looked up. Dean was watching him intently. "I want you inside of me, Dean." He watched Dean's Adam's apple bob nervously.
"Do not interfere, My Child." Her voice echoed around the clearing, and she whipped her hand towards Cas. He stumbled and winced as he went down to his knees. Dean saw red.
"Then I have to prove it."
"Not my story to tell, son. Benny's a good man; he's no monster."
"I..." She looked at Castiel for guidance, and he gave her a stiff nod. "You will have to choose your father or Castiel."
They ate in relative silence. Dean had two bowls of the hearty fare. He pushed Cas aside and washed up the few dishes. It was the least he could do. It was afterwards that Dean's eyes swept over the bed...the one bed. When he was sick, Cas slept on the floor, but he couldn't ask Cas to do that now. He'd have to take the floor. He remembered where Cas kept his extra blankets and opened the large chest. "Dean, I will make my own bed," Cas said, reaching for the pile of quilts in Dean's arms.
Castiel fought back a smile. Dean saw it and shrugged. "Right...the whole witch thing..."
"Which is why we need his blood," Maeva said, slapping both hands on the table. Castiel knew she was right, but to get Dean on board would be an issue.
Pierce came out of the woods and followed him back to the house. She slipped past him as soon as he opened the door. When he walked in with the load of logs in his arms, Dean turned from the fireplace. "It's getting late. I need to get back to my car."
"Damn it, Dean. You've been under your daddy's thumb since you were four years old. Don't you think it's time to live for yourself? Sam got out, now it's your turn."
"Dean, if something was wrong with the Impala, you'd find the nearest mechanic. Bobby is like...what...nine hours away," Sam said with an eye roll.
With another towel, Castiel dried the man. Only in his weakened state would this hunter have allowed such a thing. Almost carrying him, Castiel got him back into bed. He covered Dean and then rummaged in his old dresser to find a pair of flannel pants. He'd slept in the nude his whole life, but the pants had been given to him when he first came to Lafitte. Drawn by unknown forces, Castiel rode his motorcycle across the country until he found the small town. Benny Lafitte, whose family had settled the town, was the first person to greet him. Not having a hotel, Benny took Castiel in for the night, Their friendship was forged. He'd only carried what he could pack on his motorcycle. Since Benny didn't want a naked man walking around his home, he gave him the old pair of pajamas. They were big on Castiel, and he'd had to charm them to stay up. Dean would have to make do.
"Just go," Dean shouted, and Benny hit the gas. They passed the point where Benny's truck tires blew, and Dean instinctively held his breath. He blew it out as the car picked up speed and turned onto 220. A Wyoming Highway Patrol SUV was waiting and passed them, lights flashing. Benny fell in behind it, and Dean watched the needle hit eighty...then eighty-five.
"The facility is a good one, Dean. I'll be able to visit him every day. When either one of you want to come see him, you can stay with me."
"I'm sure you'll do fine."
"I've never discussed bodily functions with anyone before," he said, looking slightly horrified at the thought.
"It may have been the kiss goodbye," Benny said, grinning at his friend. "In front of his brother and Bobby." Benny shrugged. "It was good to see."
"Uh...huh..." Dean murmured and eased another inch into Cas' willing body. He watched his length disappear until his balls were against the perfect round globes of Cas' ass. Panting now, Dean let his eyes drift up to Cas' cock. It was hard and leaking all over Cas' belly. Dean placed his palm in the puddle of precum and smeared it over Cas' abdominal muscles. It was a kinky...dirty feeling...rubbing his hand through another man's jizz, but erotic as hell. His gaze went to Cas' face again. His eyes were closed, head tilted back, exposing his throat. Dean pulled out a few inches and then entered again. The noise Cas made excited Dean and he did it again...slow and easy...his hand still pressed against Cas' stomach. "You good, Cas?"
Beside him, Benny huffed. "I think we should call a town meeting. Everyone needs to stay alert. He could come back before Castiel can do the spell."
Cas folded his hands. "People have come to me over the years to make them a potion or do a spell, but I don't believe in forcing affections. Certain gems and potions can make you more susceptible to falling in love, but if the feeling isn't mutual, it won't work." Then Cas stood up abruptly and went to his bed. He knelt down and looked under the bed before turning back to Dean. "The bag of crystals I gave you to help you heal, did you take it?"
It took them another two hours to drag the body and the head deeper into the woods, dig a hole, and burn the creature. All Dean wanted after that was a hot shower and a clean bed.
“Are you afraid you will no longer be viewed as attractive because you are heavier than you were eight years ago, Dean?”
"Seven sisters born of magick, only six remain to share my bonding. As the waxing moon lightens the earth, his and mine will become one. I call to you...Circe, Lilura, Mab, Maeva, Nimue, Zoraida...come to stand by my side. As I call, so mote it be."
Time passed. Castiel finished putting the salve into jars and got up to stretch. When he looked towards the bed, Dean was asleep, mouth parted slightly, drool drying on one side of his mouth, Castiel's grimoire open on his lap. Since it was close to dinnertime, Castiel set about making a meal. He took the dried beans he'd had soaking all morning and added a few chunks of ham. Once it was simmering on the stove, he gently shook Dean.
"Dad...Cas is..." Castiel caught Dean's attention and shook his head. "We're going to get you some help, Dad."
"I get that..." They came to a small fork in the road. "What's down that way?"
"So, you and Castiel...you're
He felt Cas' hand in his, and he turned to him. "Morning, Cas." A hint of a smile crossed Cas' lips.
Dean felt helpless. His father found him disgusting because he was with Cas...just add it to the long list of Dean's failings. He could handle it, but when his dad went after Sam, that was a different story. "Bobby, Sam, give me a minute with Dad." Bobby and Sam looked at him like he was crazy, but he stood his ground. With a nod, Bobby took Sam's arm and pulled him out of the room.
They all took a defensive pose. Gabriel was at Castiel's left side, while Dean used his body as a shield. "Dean, get out of the way." John's voice was cold as ice.
together now?" Sam asked, looking over at Dean. He glanced in the rearview and saw Bobby's eyes twinkling.
"It kept you safe. I saw it happening..."
"Winchester family?" The two men turned. A middle aged doctor stood beside the doors.
"Mead is a fermented drink made with honey. It's similar to beer or wine," Castiel answered.
"I know you're irritable. And being stuck in a cabin with me is the last place you want to be, but you have to believe Benny and I are just friends..."
"Okay." Cas stepped forward and Dean pulled him into his arms. They held each other tightly.
The doctor looked at him and Dean grinned. "It seemed like a fun idea at the time, man. Who knew the big moose could move that fast."
They cleaned the kitchen, and Castiel began running the water in the quartz tub. The tub had been a gift from Aunt Mab the last time the sisters visited. Dean came to stand by him as it filled. "Taking a bath, huh?"
"I thought you were a goner, and then she jumped back like she'd been burned. She actually looked scared for a second."
"Damn." Dean watched the white clouds for a moment before turning to Cas. "Just how powerful are they?"
Cas turned his head to glance back at him. "Eyes on the road, dude." Dean hated motorcycles. He wasn't afraid to ride on one, it was just a poor form of transportation. He closed his eyes tightly when Cas turned the corner and headed down a bumpy road. He tried to think of something else besides dying in a fiery crash on the side of a road with a hunk of metal between his legs. That thought brought him back to reality. Cas was between his legs...well, his thighs. Damn this love spell.
"I don't know. He's powerful...but toads. That might be a little beneath him." Dean thought about it for a second. No, Cas wouldn't resort to toads...now, a cockroach...
"I didn't say..."
Dean listened to silence. He refused to turn around to see Benny, knowing he heard Dean's announcement. After a few moments, Dean asked, "You still there?"
"He is the hunter," Silvermist said, taking his place in front of his sister. Fawn peered over his shoulder. Castiel was used to their state of dress, Dean wasn't and out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean's shock. Silvermist was nude, except for a long feather and ivy vest. Fawn was bare, but for the braided ivy loincloth covering her sex.
John sat up angrily. "Fuck, boy.  I'm not an ametuer." Dean flinched at his father's outburst.
"My cabin?"
The door banged open and Benny walked in. Dean's jaw tightened. The town's sheriff was a vampire. Were the people even aware of it. This Gabriel guy didn't seem scared or concerned.
"Humpf," Dean mumbled. He didn't take his eyes off the man though. He noticed how strong his back looked, how his dark hair curled at his collar, and how the old jeans he wore hugged his very nice ass. Dean blinked at the direction his thoughts had taken. He'd gone off the rails. It was one thing to think the guy was attractive, but quite another to imagine...things. Things like how Dean's hands would fit over the cheeks of that ass.
"It isn't your time to die, My Child," she said gently. "It is your time to live. To love." And then she was gone. Dean looked around, trying to wrap his head around what just happened. Movement pulled him back to the present. Cas was moving around the circle, murmuring a chant of some sort and snuffing the candles. Without speaking, Cas gathered the candles and his staff. He pulled his cloak around him and Dean saw him shivering.
"No. Dean and Sam will still exist. We are wiping memories and creating a new world for him, not changing the timeline."
"Fine," Dean snapped. He held his finger out to Maeva. She pulled a large pin from the hem of her skirt and took Dean's hand. She ignored the forefinger he held out and jabbed the pin into Dean's ring finger. He yelped, but didn't pull away. She let the drop of blood drip into her palm. All the aunts leaned in. Dean gave Cas a quizzical look and he smiled, hoping to ease Dean's frustration.
"I was performing a full moon ritual," Castiel said, as he crossed the room to the stove.
"Cas," Dean called out. The women all looked at him, eyes drawn by his yell. Cas came around the corner of the cabin.
Since he broke the trail through the snow on his way out there, he made good time going back to the cabin. He actually jogged back. Sam would be proud.
“Cas I uh, I really don’t know what to say here.”
"I am ready when you are," Cas murmured.
"Sure," Dean said sarcastically and without a backwards glance, he pushed out the door and spied the old phone booth across the intersection. He snorted and wondered if it worked. Taking a handful of change from the Impala's ashtray, he walked across the street and picked up the receiver. After dropping a quarter in, he heard a dial tone. He pushed the numbers and heard ringing.
"That's...uhm...cool. I guess I'll just head over there then." Dean turned to go.
Cas backed up a step. "You should go."
When Castiel came to, he was face down on the floor. Why was he in the loft? Dean. He crawled to his scrying mirror, which lay half hidden under his altar cloth. Sunbeams came through the window and reflected off its shiny surface. Scrying worked off the energy of the moon and would be difficult in the light of day, but he had the power. Closing his eyes and gathering his strength, he began to chant. "Goddess, I ask your charity, lend me your focus and your clarity. Help me see what I have lost. So mote it be."
With Cas already in bed reading, Dean had no choice but to lay down in his nest of quilts on the floor. He was used to a later bedtime, but once he started reading Cas' grimoire, his eyes grew heavy. The spell shielding the town and its residents was pretty cool though. From what he wrote, it took a lot out of Cas to do something on such a massive scale. Getting to know Cas through his journal was making it tough on Dean. He planned to leave tomorrow now that he knew there was no love spell. It was just a case of lust. He'd leave, stop somewhere on his way to meet his father and get laid, then all would be right in Dean's world.
Sam and Dean trailed after the nurse. She led them to a curtained off treatment area. While they filled out forms, she set up two trays of instruments and bandages. They handed her back the clipboards, and she went to get another doctor. This one was younger, probably Dean's age.
The lower half of his body was still in the frigid water, but he didn’t have the strength left to pull himself out. He blinked, and the creature was gone. Dean sank into oblivion.
"You shouldn't have followed me. You could have gotten lost again," Castiel chided.
"No. Fate...Destiny...it's all bullshit," Dean said with a shrug. "What was the question?" Dean persisted.
"The tea will help you breathe better."
Cas smiled and Dean's fingers forgot how to unbutton his coat. Cas really did have a beautiful smile.
“I’m old, fat and disgusting! That’s what’s wrong, Cas. I’m old, fat and disgusting!”
Sharing breakfast was intimate. Something he'd never done with previous lovers. Even with Cassie, she'd always left after sex, because she lived with her parents. Being domestic wasn't something Dean had ever gotten to do before. Sharing a home with someone was always a pipedream. The apple pie life he wanted for Sam, but never thought he could have. Oh, no, he still couldn't have it, but for a while, he could pretend this could always be his. Cas wouldn't settle for him being on the road. Cas deserved a man who was always around.
Using the wall and furniture for balance, Dean headed for the front door. He felt uncomfortable without a weapon close. As he was passing the window, movement caught his eye. Holy fuck. The witch was naked in the snow. Dean couldn't take his eyes off the man. Pale skin looked blue in the light from the full moon. Castiel was standing in the middle of four candles, arms raised to the sky. His back was muscular, and a tattoo sat between his shoulder blades. Dean squinted, trying to make it out, but even with a full moon, it wasn't bright enough to see what it was. Dean's eyes drifted down and -- damn -- his ass was perfect. Dean hadn't felt lust for another man in a very long time. It was something he tried to curb. John Winchester would kill him if he'd known about Dean's bisexuality. No, it was better to push those feelings to the back of his mind, never to see the light of day.
"Circumcision." Dean sat up so fast, he almost fell backwards off the bed.
Cas pulled the curtain around the tub and then rummaged in his old dresser. "I'm going to take a bath. You are welcome to read..." Cas pointed to his grimoire still on the bed where Dean left it. "...or whatever."
Word got to John and Dean that several campers and hunters had disappeared in this area. The locals blamed the disappearances on wild animal attacks or accidents. This town…Dean barked out laughter at that…was about eighty miles north of Medicine Bow, Wyoming. "Town" was an understatement. It was more of a crossroads. Dean had passed a shop - one that reminded him of the general stores in the old Westerns his father liked to watch - a bar, a feed store, and a few houses. He’d driven through miles and miles of cattle ranches, but this area was mostly woodland. The small town looked like something on a Christmas card.
"But you did and that's good, because he's in love with you. The better man won his heart."
"He's going to want to know why your vacationing here in Bumfuck, Egypt instead of sunny Florida?" Gabriel offered. "What are you going to tell him?"
Castiel’s eyes went wide in alarm. “Dean I assure you, you’re not old, fat or disgusting.”
Castiel woke with a horrible sense of foreboding. Then his leg grazed up against Dean's, and he pushed those thoughts out of his mind. He looked over at the tousled brown hair. Dean was facing away from him, and he wanted nothing more than to touch his warm skin...to trail his fingers over his ribs and the flare of his hip. He'd wanted Dean so badly last night, but there were things that must be dealt with before they could even think about their future. Dean had so many doubts, not only about the two of them, but he also doubted himself and his self-worth.
"Could have been, but wasn't. Thanks to your boyfriend." Castiel closed his eyes, the scene repeating in his head. Dean putting himself in front of him. Shielding him from John and his deadly weapon. Dean risked his life for Castiel. Something a true mate would do. The thought should have made him feel good, but instead, he felt cold. The thought of losing Dean to death...it was unthinkable. He'd rather Dean walk away from their destiny. He could live with that. He couldn't live with Dean's death.
"You're a witch," Dean exclaimed, throwing caution to the wind.
The wolf, who'd been lying by the fireplace stood up and went to the witch's side. They stared at each other for a few seconds, and then the man nodded. He walked to the door and let the wolf out. When the door opened, cold wind filled the cabin. Dean burrowed back under the quilts, but not before he saw his guns in a small pile on the porch. The guy had been telling the truth.
"Guess so."
"My husband, my mate, my friend...my lover." He kissed Dean softly. Dean moved his hands away from where they'd been clutching the front of his robe. Castiel slowly undid each clasp, eyes never leaving Dean's. When he was done, he pushed the robe off Dean's shoulders, leaving him gloriously nude.
"Could a shock or something have set this off," Sam asked. Dean looked up, preparing to hear that his father's condition was all his fault.
“I don’t have electrical service out here.” The cat stood and whipped its tail back and forth a few times before leaping off the bed. The wolf’s head turned to watch the cat disappear around a corner and then followed.
Dean was suddenly very aware he was standing there in nothing but a towel. And what the fuck did Castiel just say?
The two friends stepped out onto the porch. "You've slept with him."
"Goddess of Earth, Sea and Sky, Mistress of Wisdom and Inspiration. Come and be with me. I offer humble tokens from my hands to yours. Please answer my call."
"I shall get your tea now."
"Like what?"
"She said a man would come out of the cold and would be a true and righteous man..." Cas stopped and Dean saw his body stiffen before he turned around. "No," he whispered.
He watched the machine fill with water and once it began to agitate, he closed the lid and joined Benny in the store. His friend seemed lethargic. "When did you feed last?"
"Nice to meet you," Sam said.
"Hey," Dean snapped, but before he could retort, Nimue laughed delightedly.
Lafitte hadn't been hidden. Dean had found it easily. No, Cas and Benny living in the same town was just a coincidence.
"Watch while I make this sausage disappear..." Crap, not a joke to tell to a really attractive...guy...witch...person. Castiel exhaled, rolled his eyes, and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist.
Reeling from the strange melding with the wolf, Castiel blinked, finding himself back on the street in front of the store. Slowly and with a deep reverence for his Goddess, Castiel closed the circle. He gathered the candles and was stepping onto the sidewalk with Gabriel appeared.
Benny leaned against his truck, so he could talk to Dean inside his car. "The closest auto parts store is in Casper. I can order it and it'll be here in a couple of days, or I can drive you there."
Cas took Dean's hand and wrapped it around his own cock, then Cas took his own cock in his hand. "Hey, Cas, I know how to jack off...shouldn't my hand be on your junk?"
"Don't be a dumbass." Castiel quirked up an eyebrow and waited for it to register. He didn't have long to wait. Dean turned his head to face him, eyes narrowed.
Dean wanted to object, to stop Castiel from telling him all these things. Instead his mouth betrayed him.
They pulled up next to John's truck. Dean eyed the vehicle as he got out of the car. "What are we going to do with Dad's truck, Sam?"
The hair on his arms rose, and he saw small particles of light dance above him, and then she appeared. "What answers to you seek?"
"Sam wants to put him in some old folks home, but that ain't happening," Dean said belligerently, daring anyone to question his authority. He was the oldest son, that gave him certain rights.
"Does that usually work with women?" Cas asked dryly.
"Yes..." Cas crawled into his bed and picked up the paperback book on his nightstand. Dean knelt and grabbed the grimoire.
He wasn't sure how long they stayed like that, but cum was cooling on his thighs and belly. And his legs were beginning to cramp. He opened his eyes and lifted his head from where it was nestled on Cas' shoulder. Pierce was sitting at the headboard, eyes unblinking. "Cas."
"You don't know that." Castiel sighed and pulled on his coat.
Then Cas said, "Aunts, this is Dean Winchester, my betrothed, my true mate as prophesied by the Goddess Brighid and my grandmother, your sister, Yule."
Again, he lifted his arms towards the bright moon. The candle flared, and he felt his skin warm. Slowly, he returned to his altar and picked up the chalice of water.
Castiel waited for everyone to gather close and then drew the circle around them, enclosing them in the protective ring. He put a black candle at each direction.
Dean brought his head up, confused. What the hell was Cas talking about? "What? And isn't Arif the Djinn?"
Ruby stepped forward. "The boundaries of the town have been laid with ashes."
"No. I want to watch you touch yourself. See what makes you feel good. I want to see what you look like when you come." Dean couldn't look away from those brilliant blue eyes. He blinked back the dampness that threatened to spill over.
"Damn it, Cas...it was the cat's fault." Pierce hissed at him from her spot on the bed.
"Can someone tell me..." Dean started, but Benny held up his hand.
When Dean blurted out, "I love you." Castiel was stunned and he froze, forgetting what he was doing until Dean begged him not to stop. Dean was intent on watching their hands as they both chased their release, but Castiel needed to see his eyes. He needed to see the love in that beautiful green gaze.
Benny looked up from the Batman comic book he'd been reading. "He's gone," Castiel said.
"We live in Wyoming, Missouri." Castiel shook his head in amusement.
Over lunch, he studied a map and plotted his route. The young server refilled his coffee cup. "Would you like some dessert?" Dean looked up into a pair of pretty blue eyes. The boy was slim and couldn't have been over twenty.
Dean bit his lip. He really needed to go. "Sure...I can...wait." He sat on the edge of the bed. Maybe if he thought about something else...Cas' wet, naked body...no. Again with the slosh of water. Cas' bare feet appeared under the curtain. Come on... He watched Cas pull on a pair of jeans. The curtain was yanked aside. And there was Cas' bare chest. Dean had to force himself to look away. "I'll just...get my coat...on." Keeping his eyes forward, Dean walked to the door and began pulling on his coat and gloves. He snagged Cas' hat and shoved it down on his head.
"Shhh, I'll explain later," Cas whispered. Mab walked to the northernmost point in the circle and raised her arms again. Dean saw a pile of salt, a green candle, and a round loaf of bread.
"I'll walk you into town. You'll be able to call Sam from Benny's," Castiel said, his eyes on the rapidly cooling breakfast on his plate.
"I'm starving." Dean followed Cas into the kitchen area. "What can I do to help?"
Gabriel stood up straight and popped the candy out of his mouth. "You two know each other?"
"Great...I guess."
"You're a witch...a powerful witch...couldn't you zap a uterus in to your belly?" Gabriel looked genuinely interested. Benny looked like he wanted to be anywhere in the world but here.
Bobby was watching television when Dean banged on his door. The two men ate a delivered pizza, while Bobby showed Dean all the information he'd gathered. They both sharpened their machetes since beheading was the only way to kill a Arachne.
"Yeah. Four days, huh?"
"Where exactly are you, Dean. I can probably be in Wyoming by tomorrow night."
She simmered and began to fade away. "No, don't leave me," he cried, getting to his feet.
Castiel cocked an eyebrow upwards. "I assure you, I'm not boiling up eye of newt in my cauldron."
"Yeah, about that. I'm in Wyoming and cell service sucks out here."
"Okay." He rolled his legs off the bed again, dragging a quilt with him to cover his nudity. The witch held up his hand and Dean froze. He watched the witch go back to the shelves and gather the jars he'd pulled down earlier. The witch began dumping various powders into the water. Once he was done, he put his hand back into the water. Dean watched his lips move but couldn't make out the words. Soon, the water was steaming again. He walked quickly to the bed; and Dean reluctantly let Castiel help him stand. After only a few steps, Dean was winded. And they still had several more feet to go.
Dean, who had one foot out for the next step, stopped and came close to losing his balance. No way could these women...these really hot women...be Cas' aunts...his great aunts.
Castiel shot the fiery liquid down and slammed the glass on the bar. Gabriel refilled it. "He is infuriating."
"I know..." Castiel was interrupted by Benny's phone. Benny looked at the screen.
Long after Cas blew out the candles and went to sleep on the floor, Dean watched the embers. His cough was better. The nasty tasting tea Cas kept forcing down his throat helped. He'd never admit that to Cas though. He was strong enough to walk to the outhouse by himself. He'd cut off his right hand before asking Cas for help again.
“Cas, are you telling me you’re attracted to me?”
Cas bowed his head and dropped his hands. Dean quickly and carefully stepped down. He went to the large crock that Cas kept in the kitchen area and dipped the ladle down into it. He poured it into the heavy mug he'd used last night. The water was cool and refreshing.
John narrowed his eyes at Gordon. Dean really thought his father would defend him, but then John turned that hard gaze on Dean. "Get in the truck, Dean. Gordon, you stay here with Sam and Bobby." Dean noticed he didn't even acknowledge Cas.
"Quit your bitching. Why don't you make yourself useful and tell me what the hell is going on?" Dean stood and paced, then tried to read more, then paced again. He grabbed his cell phone and checked the time. Of course, he didn't know what time Cas had left. He didn't even have a signal to call Benny. He stared out the window and saw tracks in the snow leading towards the forest.
"Dean?" Cas came out of the snow and took Dean's arm. He dragged him under the lean-to. It was easier to see since the cover kept most of the snow out, though the wind still cut through him. "Why are you out here?"
Benny pointed at Castiel. "Castiel, did you find out anything?"
"It is because you are sick. You need to eat something though." Dean nodded even though the man had his back to him.
"Yes."
Benny gave him a brisk nod and pointed towards a table in the back of the room. "There's fine."
The afternoon wore on with more talk of the ceremony, and Castiel tried to stay interested. But Dean was getting antsy. He would pace until one or more of the aunts would block his path. Castiel finally stood up. "Perhaps, we can go have dinner."
The last thing Dean expected was to be snowed in with Cas. If, and it was a big if, Cas hadn't put a love spell on him, then what was it? Sure, he was attracted to the man, but Cas was a witch. He wouldn't admit it to anymore, least of all Cas, but Dean did trust him. He wasn't sure why. It was just a gut feeling.
"When? Why wasn't it reported?"
"You can't really live when you are asking 'what if', Dean. What if the sun doesn't rise tomorrow? What if the world stops revolving? What if..." Cas stood up and came over to him. He reached up and cupped his hand on Dean's jaw. Dean couldn't help it, he leaned into the touch. "...nothing bad ever happened and we grew old together?"
"Cas says we have to do this thing naked with wedding robes...Benny, I don't want to get naked in front of a bunch of old ladies." Benny's smirk filled Dean with dread.
"I shouldn't have...God..." Dean swiped at his wet eyes angrily.
"We can eat any time you wish," Cas said, hanging up his own coat.
"I am the eldest. And I'm the one you will need to impress if you want to marry my nephew," she said haughtily.
Ruby nodded. "I thought so. What can we do?"
"Will he make you go with him?" Dean thought for a moment. Cas made it seem like Dean was a kid asking permission...but then, his dad always made him feel like a dumb kid.
Quietly, the two ate while trading small, shy smiles with each other. They were finishing up when the sound of a motor could be heard coming towards the cabin. Dean sighed. "Guess it's time to face the world."
"Okay, well, let's eat," Dean said, deciding a subject change was in order.
"Let's go sit down," the doctor finally said, and Dean closed his eyes. His dad was dead. When a doctor wants you to sit down, he was going to deliver shitty news. He felt Sam's presence beside him, and it gave him the strength to put one foot in front of the other. The doctor led them through the doors and into a small waiting room. Thankfully it was empty. They all sat. "Your father suffered an ischemic stroke." At Dean's blank look, he explained, "There was a lack of blood flow to the brain causing cell damage. He's stable, but there will probably be lasting damage. His right side has been affected, speech, vision, and muscle movement."
"I fuckin' knew it," Gordon yelled, leaping out of his chair, a deadly looking knife in his hand. John moved just as fast, his Colt cocked and ready. Dean threw his body in front of Castiel.
"Well, yes..." Zoraida answered hesitantly.
"You and Sam have your own lives to lead. Your daddy's hunting days are over. Unless you plan on buying a house and hiring a full time nurse any time soon, you've got to think of what you're going to do."
Castiel didn't respond. He couldn't. Dean was feeling like a prisoner here. Despite what the Goddess said, Dean didn't believe in fate.
"No one is around us, Dean. We are alone." Castiel removed his own robe and spread it on the ground. Mouth agape, Dean all but sputtered.
When he came out, Dean was waiting, holding his clothes. "I'll just be a sec."
"Dean, please..."
Castiel downed the drink before answering. "Denial? I don't know. We haven't spent a lot of time...talking about things... We've been caught up in this situation with his father." He nudged the glass towards the bottle, and Gabriel poured another shot.
The two hunters spent the next day asking questions and looking at the bodies of the two victims. Bobby compared the puncture wounds to a picture of an Arachne bite he had in his notes. It was the same.
He sat them on the side of the bed. "You may borrow these." He watched in veiled amusement as Dean shimmied into the pants while staying covered by the heavy quilts.
"Same thing...were you conjuring up a demon or something?" Dean rolled his feet off the bed and sat up.
"Yeah?"
"I believe in fate," Cas said so matter-of-factly, Dean almost believed in it himself. "Tomorrow Sam and Bobby come. Your father could be anywhere. Now is not the time to speak of what is between us."
"Benny's a big boy and I'll bet he's seen some kinky shit in his lifetime...how old is he anyway?"
Dean knew buru buru were ghosts that struck fear in its victims. "Have you figured out who it is yet?"
"Let's wait for Dean." Dean came out, dressed in jeans and a button down shirt. He had his socks and boots in his hands. He took one of the other chairs and brought it to the table.
Dean rested his forehead on the steering wheel for a moment before looking back at Benny and nodding. "I'd appreciate a ride."
"You need sustenance." Castiel went to his small kitchen area. He tossed a few logs into his wood burning stove and checked his pantry. He had potatoes, beets, and carrots. With some of the beef he bartered from Benny, he could start a pot of stew. While he made the meal, he glanced over at his houseguest. Dean was asleep.
"Laundry day," Benny exclaimed with a smile when Castiel came through the door of the store.
At the crossroads, everyone gathered. He took chalk and drew out a large pentagram in the center of the street. To the family of gypsies that lived at the south of town, Castiel asked, "Has it been done?"
"Just as I protected you..." Cas pointed to the amulet. "...I protect this town."
"This is Lilura." The one that first whispered in Cas' ear nodded regally. "Mab." Another redhead.
"He can't leave," Castiel called out to be heard over the crowd. All eyes turned to him. "Brighid, who has protected us...protected our town...our children...she won't let him go. He's supposed to be here." Castiel left out the part about Dean being his true mate. In the face of danger, his love life, or lack thereof, wouldn't have a good reception.
"Wait," Gabriel said, his voice commanding attention. "Castiel, make sure you get them to the hospital." The archangel knelt on one knee, touched John, and they vanished. Dean fell back on his butt.
"Yes...no." Castiel said, his eyes drifting back to where Dean sat with two of his great aunts. "You said our bond was strong and unbreakable, that is good enough for me."
"A man. A mortal man." She seemed to shrink before him. "That's all I saw, Castiel."
"Yeah, but what if you decide that I'm fucked up? Or I get the itch to be on the road again? Or..fuck...what if your Goddess was wrong? What then?"
Castiel looked up when the door opened. Dean stood at the entrance to the bar, stock still. Everyone stopped talking. Benny stood up, hands on his waist. "Listen up, everyone. This is Dean Winchester. You all know he's a hunter..." The hum of voices rose and so did Benny's. "...he's a hunter, but he's one of us."
"What is the answer you seek, My Child?"
"Castiel, in order to make it, we will have to know where he came from."
The mattress shifted, and Dean opened his eyes. Cas was adjusting the bedding around himself. At Dean's stare, he smiled. "I thought you'd fallen asleep."
Bobby shook him. He actually shook him like he was a disruptive child. "You idjit. You've been given a chance, boy. And damned if you are too stupid to realize it."
He played his music loud and sang along as he drove steadily up I35. He thought about calling Sam, but after checking his watch, he figured his brother would be in class or doing something else exciting and fun. He didn't have time for Dean or his life on the road. It had been months since he'd seen Sam, and he did miss him.
"Nurse, could you make sure these two get their wounds tended to, please."
"A bath...thought you didn't have running water."
Once the water was hot enough, Castiel poured it into the mug and stirred. He handed it to Dean, who looked at it distastefully before taking a sip. Surprised he said, "Hey, this ain't bad. A lot better than that shit you gave me when I was sick."
"We need to get him hospitalized as soon as possible. Benny can use his influence as sheriff to get us an escort. Sam, bring your rental up to the door." Sam nodded and disappeared.
"Figured as much. Where you headed? Meeting up with your old man?"
"Yep."
"Can you turn him into a cockroach, Babe?"
"Hey, everyone?" The three men turned and watched the blonde girl walk towards them.
"Samhain is only a week away. I'd like to wait until then."
"Benny, you got a place for Sam and Bobby to sleep?" Dean asked. Castiel's hope rose. Dean didn't ask Benny for a bed for himself.
"Okay...let me just..." Dean looked at the wooden box where Cas had gotten the lube. "...do you have any condoms?"
"You just wait for instructions. I'll find out where he's buried, and I'll text you."
“Yes, Dean.”
"Dean, please pay attention," Nimue said shortly. "After all, you will be joined to my great-nephew in three days time. It is a serious undertaking."
"I think love is something special, and when you find it, you fight for it. You hold onto it with everything you have. Man or woman, it don't matter."
"He's a hunter. He will not stay."
"Everything?" Dean said, holding his hands out in supplication. "Cas, Babe, I'm just...over my head here."
Castiel looked up at Gabriel. "What is it?"
The whole morning was surreal. Six witches...beautiful, young witches...just show up out of the blue. How did they get to Wyoming from over in Ireland, or wherever the fuck they came from? Listening to all of them making plans for this handfasting thing gave him the heebie-jeebies. And the thought of getting naked in front of a bunch of old ladies was bad enough, now he was going to get naked in front of a bunch of Sports Illustrated models.
"Dean, you don't have to. I'm very pleased with the way things are." Dean knew Cas meant that and it made him want to try this even more.
He felt waves of distrust and anger coming off of Gordon. Dean's father wasn't much better. Bobby was the only one at the table who really appeared calm.
"Maybe I could just..." Dean nodded towards the empty side of Cas' bed.
"So, what were you doing outside?"
"Yeah, just...go the fuck to sleep, Cas," Dean said without any heat behind the words. Silently, Cas blew out the candle next to the bed and reclined on his pillow, turning his back to Dean. Dean took care of his own candle and tried to get comfortable, but his eyes were drawn to Cas' back. In the firelight, he could still make our Cas' tattoo...at the hundreds of birds flying away from the tree. Was it an omen?
"I was talking more in the lines of technology, Dean. Phone...internet..." At the last word, Benny's face hardened. Dean swallowed, so that his Adam's apple bobbed up and down.
As he pulled into Oklahoma City, Dean called his father. "Yeah, Dad, just rolled into town."
"Something's going on around here," Gordon snarled, glaring at Dean. "I think you're lying."
"Could be Ice Spiders," Dean joked, recalling the Syfy movie that was so fake it was funny.
He picked up the sage bundle and starting in one corner of his home, he began the ritual.
"Sam's on his way here...and I think I could use your help."
"It is." Castiel walked around the corner and into the back room. He dumped his dirty clothing into one of three industrial sized washers. Since most of the members of the town lived at poverty level or like Castiel and lived off the land, everyone came to Benny's for modern conveniences like washing machines.
"A witch?"
Cas' expression was one of dawning understanding. "Flatulence is natural, Dean."
The gypsy encampment was merely a group of trailers and wagons. Ruby looked up from her spot by the fire. "Castiel. What brings you here?"
"Then, trust me, he's probably seen stuff that would make me blush."
He managed to gasp out, "What are you?"
"Whatever...we'll send someone to get you..." Benny was waving his hand at him. "...hold on a sec, Sammy." Dean put his hand over the receiver. "What?"
"Now that you ruined the moment, we should get cleaned up," Dean said, with a teasing slap to Cas' thigh. "We're wearing each others spunk and it's kind of gross."
"I missed seeing you at the meeting," Castiel said, stepping over the threshold.
"What the fuck, Cas. No. Just...no."
"Your taste in literature sucks. Where did you even get that?"
He brought his mind back to the matter at hand. Cas was talking.
"No, beans are good. This is a small cabin, Cas. Beans...you know..."
"I will just add a few ingredients to the water, and then I shall help you into the bath."
Dean rolled over on his back with a frustrated sigh. "Sorry, I just thought we might be on the same page...for once." He knew his tone was nasty, but he couldn't help it. He needed to blow off some steam. His dad had a fuckin' stroke after he rolled into town with that bastard, Gordon – acting like they were best buddies...and his father...his fucking father...treating Gordon better than he treated his own son. But Gordon wasn't queer for a witch. No...Gordon was a perfect hunter. A tear escaped and ran down the side of his face, and he swiped at it angrily.
Eyes wide, Castiel snapped, "No." He came from behind the counter and all but ran out the door. Dean looked at Benny for some sort of explanation, but the vampire looked just as confused as Dean. By the time Dean's brain was engaged enough to follow Castiel, the witch was already fifty yards down the road. Dean took off after him, shouting for him to stop. Either Cas didn't hear or he didn't want to, because he kept running.
He slept more soundly than he had in a long time...since before Dean came to disrupt his life...since before Dean stole his heart.
“Look at me, Cas. Look! Unless you can mojo away all this,” Dean grabbed his lower belly in both hands, jiggling it for emphasis, “then no, you can’t help me.”
Dean was presumably talking to Sam now. His back was to them, so Castiel couldn't hear what was being said. From his posture, Castiel could see that Dean was becoming agitated, and he pulled Benny outside to give the hunter more privacy.
Cas smiled at that and then dog-eared the page of the trashy novel. He put it on his nightstand. He sat up and clasped his arms around his knees, showing off the muscles in his strong back. Dean sat up too, and without thinking traced Cas' ink with his fingertip. Cas tensed. Dean thought about pulling away, but for some unknown reason, he didn't. "This is really beautiful, Cas," Dean whispered.
The rental entered the city limits and slowed for traffic. The highway patrol vehicle pulled away at the entrance of the hospital. He hit his siren once before leaving them. Benny dropped them off at the entrance to the Emergency Room and left to park the car. Bobby stayed with Benny, telling them the hospital staff wouldn't let him see John anyway. It was true, Dean supposed.
"And this is Maeva." This one's hair was so black, it looked blue in the sunlight. She smiled at Dean, and he couldn't help but smile back. They were all beautiful, but Maeva's impish looks made her even more so.
"Dean, someone posted bail...some crony of Dad's. He's out."
Dean chuckled. He'd never thought of his future husband smoking weed before, but he was into nature and hippy dippy shit.
"I want to," said Dean, and he realized that he meant it. All those others in his past...he'd done it out of guilt, or he was drunk at the time. This was Cas, and he loved him. Didn't he just say he wanted to grow old with the man? He lowered his head and starting at the base, he left small kisses up the underside of Cas' cock. He took a page out of Cas' playbook and cupped the man's balls. Cas made a soft noise and Dean looked up. Cas was looking at him like he hung the freakin' moon. Confident now, Dean wrapped his other hand around Cas' hardening shaft.
"Yes," Castiel replied, coming forward with the box of jars. "Benny, this is Dean. Dean, this is my friend, Benny."
Before Sam could respond, Dr. O'Brien came around the edge of the curtain. "All taken care of, I see. Follow me, and I'll take you to your father. He's awake, but don't expect him to be able to communicate. Talk to him. He's feeling confused and scared right now."
"I'm sorry." Dean whispered, and Cas touched Dean's face, using his thumb to wipe away the last traces of his tears.
"You can't pee on the trees around my cabin, Dean. You aren't a dog marking your territory." Castiel sat his jeans down on the bed and flipped back the quilts. Dean squawked and tried to cover himself.
"I'm good," Dean said shortly, shocking Castiel.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets. He was fuckin' cold, but he knew better than to complain about that right now. "Go ahead."
"Yes." Benny looked up, meeting Dean's eyes.
The sound of a snowmobile cut through the stillness of the morning. Benny was early. If Castiel had been alone, Benny would probably show up around noon, but his friend was possessive when it came to Castiel. He rolled out of bed and didn't bother to put on his coat. He got to the door and opened it just as Benny raised his fist to knock. "Good morning."
"Castiel. How's it hanging?" Castiel frowned. Gabriel was a constant source of irritation, but he did have a good heart. He sat down next to Benny. Gabriel took a cold pint glass from the cooler and poured Castiel a Guinness from the tap. Benny filled Castiel in on his conversation with Dean.
"Castiel, he defends you. This human would defy me to try to protect you. Do you see it now?" Dean watched Cas bow his head and nod weakly. Dean's eyes found the goddess again.
"Yes."
"I've never shared a bath," Castiel said, slowly tracing his fingertips up and down Dean's calf. They stared at each other for a few moments, seemingly lost in thought. Clearing his throat, Castiel reached for the soap and set about finishing his bath. The faster he finished, the faster they could go to bed. Dean was on the same page and held his hand out for the soap. Castiel lathered his hands, and then passed the bar to his mate. Carefully, Castiel pulled back his foreskin and cleaned the area. A small noise made him raise his eyes. Dean was staring at his cock. The feelings of inadequacy reared their head again. "Dean, I'm sure Arif can..."
Had that always been there and he’d missed it?
Old and fat. The mantra repeated over in his head again and again.
Castiel sat down on the bed across from Dean. The defeated look and depressed posture of his friend made his very grace ache.
Dean held out his hand. Cas placed a small leather pouch in Dean's palm, and he closed Dean's fingers around it. "What is it?"
Castiel covered Dean with his quilts and then ran outside. Chara paced the porch and watched him as he picked up three of the smooth stones in his garden. He brushed the snow off and took them inside. Placing them on the hearth of the fire to warm, he took towels out of the basket. While he waited, he looked at Dean's pale face on the pillow. Pierce's black fur made him look all the more pale.
All Dean wanted was a shower, beer and a few uninterrupted hours of bad TV. And that’s exactly what he was going to do, thank you very much.
"I don't kill," Benny said between gritted teeth. He stood up and his chair scraped loudly across the wooden floor.
When they arrived, the two brothers were instructed to meet with a social worker about John's future care. Dean listened as the middle-aged woman discussed options for their father. Sam told her the name of the facility near Bobby, and she informed them she would make sure John's records would be forwarded as soon as the doctor signed off on them.
"Sorghum." At Dean's blank look, Cas opened the jar. "It's like syrup. Try it before you turn up your nose at it."
"Yep," Bobby replied, his voice tiny through the phone. "Only thing I can think of that leaves a cocoon that big."
"Missouri, he's wearing pants." Dean's deer-in-the-headlights look was comical.
"I needed a question answered by my Goddess, Brighid."
"Want more, Dean. Faster." Dean felt giddy. He didn't have to be told twice. He snapped his hips, loving the sound of his flesh slapping against Cas'. The feeling of his balls hitting Cas' ass again and again was bringing him closer to completion. He wanted to slow down, make it last, but Cas was having none of that. He'd hooked his ankles around Dean's back now, using the strength in his legs to drive Dean forward. He was pounding into Cas now...over and over. His heart felt like it was going to explode out of his chest just like in the stupid cartoons Sammy used to love to watch.
"You know, a gentleman would stand up when he greets a lady," Missouri said mischievously.
"I don't want sloppy seconds, Cas." Castiel blinked at him uncomprehendingly.
"That's just fine and dandy. What the fuck am I supposed to be doing? Because I'm really tired of sitting around here with my thumb up my ass."
Castiel never thought about his uncircumcised penis in great detail. It was the way he was born, and he never had any complaints from his lovers. Dean looked so unsettled, and it made Castiel uneasy. For a moment, he allowed his mind to wander. He supposed he could get it taken care of. He was sure Arif could do it, after all, he had some medical knowledge. How long would it take to heal...and that was as far as he got on that line of thought. Dean cupped his balls, and Castiel moaned. It felt so wonderful...so good. Castiel looked down at the man he loved, on his knees before him. Dean was so beautiful.
"We are bound, Dean. No barriers." Dean shook his head in denial. "Dean, listen, I know we are safe."
While the cabin was quiet, Castiel sat at his table and went to work on his balm. Benny supplied the jars and labels for the beauty product. There was nothing magical about it, but the combination of herbs, oils, and honey was a natural anti-aging mixture. Benny kept Castiel's earnings in his safe, but mostly it was traded for supplies. He looked up and grinned. Pierce was sitting on one of the boxes. She knew it held her treat. She was a hunter, mice and other small creatures kept her well fed, but Benny loved giving her tuna. He spoiled Castiel's cat.
"You are, silly child. If you weren't good enough, you would not have been chosen." And then she giggled, looking at her sister.
"I...witch...son..." John's words were slurred and broken. Before Sam and Bobby could catch him, the man slumped to the ground. He held himself up on his knees for a second, and then he fell forward.
Dean gave a long look at Gabriel and then headed for the table.
When he pulled Cas into his arms, it felt like coming home. He needed Cas. He needed him with every fiber of his being. Dean held him close, both offering and taking comfort. The kiss was meant to let Cas know he cared. But after a few soft presses, his cock wanted it to be known that it cared too. Dean backed up, but Cas followed, unwilling to let Dean go. Dean put his hands on Cas' chest. "Cas..." He whispered, "...Cas, we gotta stop or..." Cas' mouth felt like heaven. Dean willingly opened his mouth when he felt the brush of Cas' tongue. Damn, the man tasted like honey and cinnamon. Before Dean could question how that could be, Cas' lips eased away. Dean opened his eyes.
"Dad, we're in Bumfuck, Egypt here. There is no cell reception. I was passing through and my baby died. Some creepy guy in there..." Dean points his thumb at the bar. "...let me use his phone. I wasn't sure where you were, so I called Bobby...Sam was on his way to pay Bobby a visit, and he rode along." Dean's eyes shifted to the rental car hoping his father wouldn't ask about it.
"Anything you want, Dean. Gabriel will be helping with the celebration after the handfasting."
"Goddess of all, the fertility of the earth is a sign of your fertility from whence all life rose. The solidity and permanence are still of it and are still less than yours. The Earth's fertility feeds our bodies, and your fertility feeds our souls."
Dean felt a flutter in his stomach he’d not felt in longer than he wanted to think about. Hope was such a fragile thing, especially in the lives of hunters.
"Is anyone going to tell me the plan? Do we even have a plan?"
Dean kept himself amused by reading the smutty book Ruby had loaned Cas. Out loud. Castiel puttered around the cabin, busy with small chores, trying not to give Dean the satisfaction of knowing he was secretly amused. He prepared dinner as Dean read more and more dramatically. If the book was written better, it may have been erotic, but since it wasn't, the two men found themselves mostly laughing.
Dean continued to watch as Castiel turned towards each candle, reaching for the sky every time. There was something in the middle of the circle, but Dean couldn't make it out. It was probably an altar of some kind. His father's journal was loaded with information. John believed in knowing your enemy. When he finally faced the window, Dean could see Castiel's lips moving. He could, also, make out the man's nipples and his thick bush. His cock was impressive, even in its flaccid state. Dean licked his lips. Growling, he turned away from the window and gun forgotten, stumbled back to the bed.
"You didn't interrupt." Castiel looked down at his state of undress and walked quickly to the dresser. He found and put on a t-shirt. Dean was still in bed, shirtless, the bedding pooled in his lap. Castiel knew he was wearing sleep pants, but Missouri...well, she had a vivid imagination, and Castiel could tell it was working overtime.
"Sell it. Take Dad's truck. He won't need it anymore." It was only fair. Dean got the Impala, so Sam deserved the truck.
"Ah ha, I was wondering what got your panties in a twist. Dean-o still the king of denial?"
"Damn it, Cas," Dean rose and began to pace, running his fingers through his short hair in frustration.
The door burst open and Cas came in, stomping his boots. "I see Benny left you alive."
"Wyoming? What's there? Another wendigo?
Halfway across the field, Dean heard a distinct crack under his boots. He froze, another crack…louder this time. Then he was falling. Ice cold water rushed over his head, and he struggled back to the surface. He tried to grab the edge of the broken ice, but his hands weren’t working. He was going to die. He was going to bite it in the wilds of Wy-fucking-oming.
"We will need lubricant."
"Kate, how is the new tincture working?" Kate, a reluctant werewolf, found her way to Lafitte three years ago. She hated what she was and never fully embraced it. Castiel helped her to control the cravings. On the full moon, Chara ran with her, helping her pull down the elk, deer, and antelope that filled the countryside. She lived above the bar in a tiny apartment.
With the blizzard over, Dean would want to leave tomorrow. Castiel listened to the crackling of the fire and the occasional soft snore from Dean. He whispered a relaxation spell and inhaled the lavender sachet that hung from his headboard. He slept.
Castiel’s frown deepened and his eyebrows drew together as he regarded his friend.
Dean laughed, and Bobby knew the boy was going to be alright. Oh, he'd haul a dump truck-load of guilt around for awhile, but from what Benny had told him, Castiel would straighten him out. Bobby could tell that Benny carried a torch for the witch, but when Dean threw himself in front of Castiel, he'd made a lifelong friend of the vampire.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny rounded on him. "He told you?"
"I'm at the Motel Six just off 44. Room 201." Did his father even know how to say goodbye? See you later? Kiss my ass, son?
"What else can we do, Dean? I live in a small apartment on the seventh floor. You basically live in your car. What are you going to do, haul him around in the back seat?" Dean's fists clenched. He knew Sam was right, but he wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of admitting it.
"I'm happy to be stuck with you, dude." Dean began to hum the old Huey Lewis song as he made up his bed on the floor next to the fireplace.
At Cas' first warm touch at his hole, Dean tensed again. Cas stopped and waited for Dean to relax again. Cas must have the patience of Job because it took forever for Dean to loosen up enough for even one of his fingers. But damn, once Cas began moving it in and out, Dean got on board quick. He never realized something so taboo could feel so damn good. His body was lax and it felt like he was floating. When Cas finally got deep enough to brush against his prostate, Dean arched up as pleasure coursed through him. He whimpered and begged and writhed until Cas was fucking him with his fingers...two and then three. He begged for more and growled deep in his chest when Cas removed them instead. "Shhhh," Cas hushed him softly.
The air seemed to shimmer around him, and Castiel felt her presence before he saw her. Brighid. Rare were the times she appeared to him. He bowed his head. "Faithful One, go. He needs you. He will need you forever." When his head came up, she was gone. Chara whined. Castiel turned and churned his way through the snow. Dean needed him.
"Fuck," Dean snarled. "What is the chance of him finding the town, Bobby?"
Chanting quietly, Castiel closed the circle, extinguishing the candles and releasing wandering spirits. As the final candle was snuffed out, Castiel once again, raised his arms. "Goddess, I have released, sown, and reaped. Now it is time to rest. Bring peace to my spirit and to all those souls here gathered...and to this place until we meet again. So mote it be."
"Dean, take a walk with me, boy," Bobby's gruff voice could be heard over the sound of the running water. Castiel heard the sound of the door opening and closing. Then, he felt a hand on his shoulder.
"Sure, thanks, I need a show...bath." Dean really missed showers. If he ever lived here, he'd have to put indoor plumbing in and a real shower.
Just to make his day even worse, Kate strolled through the door of the bar. "What's going...Dean?"
And if Castiel later worshipped the soft skin of Dean’s belly with his lips and fingers, and if Dean had reveled in how it made him feel… well that’s really nobody’s business now is it?
What would it mean? It's not like Dean could stay with Cas. He was a hunter. He hunted. That's what he did, and it meant lots of traveling. Dean Winchester didn't stay in one place. And why was Dean even giving this a thought. Sure, he liked Cas. And he'd deny it to anyone that asked, but he would love to get into Cas' bed. But true mates? What the hell did that even mean?
"Yes," Dean didn't even have to think about his answer, and that told him something profound.
In silence, they donned their coats and gloves. Cas handed Dean a thick scarf and a knitted hat. Dean held up his hand. "No, I can't take those."
Benny looked away, and Castiel didn't push. Dean had watched the exchange with interest. He stood up and stretched. Castiel hid his smile. Dean was showing off. If he didn't know any better, he'd swear Dean was staking his claim.
"I do...I will." Dean was so nervous now, his voice cracked. He wasn't nervous about spending his life with Cas, but that didn't stop the butterflies from finishing their game of football and moving on to an orgy in his belly.
This time, when they stopped, Dean glanced up from the bowl of water and a blue candle, locking eyes with Bobby. The old hunter smiled and nodded. Mab's voice rang out. "For understanding, support, intuition, and friendship. This I ask of you. So mote it be."
"Yeah, and no. No tea...no special ingredients in the bath," Dean said adamantly. He wasn't going to risk being turned into a toad. His eyes zoomed back to his backpack. The witch casually walked to the backpack and much to Dean's surprise, he handed it to Dean. They stared at each other for what seemed like a long time. Finally, Dean reluctantly said, "Thanks."
The buzz of excited conversation grew louder. Castiel was surprised to see Missouri stand up in the back of the room. He hadn't noticed her come in with the rest of the late afternoon crowd. "I've seen things...dangerous things coming, but this young man isn't the cause." She looked at Dean and gave him a warm smile. "This young man would fight for us."
"I am unsure. From things that he's said, I assume he isn't much older than I."
Dean blushed and deflected by muttering, "Sap."
"No, it's not that, you idjit. I think it's a good thing. You might think the whole Goddess thing is batshit crazy, but it's not, Dean. Don't worry, I'll be there."
"Damn truck blew a tire. Gabriel did his thing and zapped us back here," Benny informed Castiel. The witch looked from his friend then over to Dean.
"Soooo, what
"Damn it, Cas," Dean whispered, as if he was only talking to himself. He reached out for Castiel and pulled him down, so his body was aligned with Dean's. "Go to sleep."
"No, it was more than that."
“Wendigo.”
"My pack saw them coming from the south."
Dean leveled Castiel with a glare.
"I'm sorry, Benny. I had something come up." Benny followed Castiel's gaze to the bed. His friend's eyebrow lifted. Reading his thoughts, Castiel blushed. "No, it's not...Dean...a hunter...fell through the ice yesterday morning."
"You should praise her and pick it up. You can wrap it in a piece of cloth and put it in your coat pocket. When we get further from the house, we can dispose of it."
"I got it from a reliable source," Gordon said belligerently. Bobby snorted. Sam and Cas were following the conversation like they were at a tennis match. Dean was impressed that they were making up this story on the fly.
Dean narrowed his eyes. "Yeah," he muttered.
Dean's bladder made itself known, and he looked around. He couldn't remember seeing a bathroom. "Hey, uhm, Cas?"
"No, I think you would miss him, Dean." Dean looked around the room at the djinn, the cute werewolf, his brother, a group of gypsies and a very inebriated fairy currently dancing on the end of the bar. Yes, he would miss the vampire. It wouldn't be home without him. Home. Dean was finally home. He linked his fingers with Cas' and stood up.
"Anyone else got any bright..." The door burst open, interrupting Dean's rant. Garth slid to a stop by their table.
"We do," Dean whispered. Castiel felt his power sing through his veins. It was the first time it came unbidden. Their bond was strong...unbreakable.
"Thank you, Castiel." She curled her fingers around the bottle.
"He's a fuckin' bloodsucker, Cas. You might be Glinda the Good Witch, but vampires are killers."
The vampire stomped the brakes, and the vehicle slowed to a stop on the side of the road. They looked at each other, both exhaling gratefully. Benny opened his door and got out. Dean followed and they stood next to the truck staring down at the shredded front tire. Benny squinted and looked back at the road. Dean followed his gaze, but didn't see anything that would cause the damage. "Got a spare?"
From across the room, Castiel watched Dean and Mab talking. He looked a bit angry, but Castiel trusted his great aunt. Nimue caught his eye and with a wink, she walked over to the bed and spoke. He saw her laugh and knew all would be right.
“Just…go back to helping Sam. I just want to be left alone,” Dean finally said, moving to sit down on the closest bed.
"We should get back, it's getting late." Castiel hurried through closing the circle. He could not look at Dean. When he headed back the way they had come, he heard Dean fall into step behind him. They got to the cabin and Castiel went right to the kitchen area to prepare their meal. Dean hadn't even asked the Goddess' answer and that sat heavily on his shoulders. Castiel quickly prepared two small ham steaks and scrambled some eggs. They ate in silence.
"No." What had Cas said...safe travels? He remembered looking into the loft while Cas was doing a spell. He thought back. Yes, it was to protect Dean on his travels. But what else? What was causing the dreams? What was causing him to think of Cas every time he smelled cinnamon and nutmeg? "You know anything about love potions?"
"She said you were fated for that man."
"We're okay," Dean started, but the doctor's look stopped his argument. They followed the doctor through the emergency room, and Dean barely registered the bustling staff and patients around him. His father wasn't dead, but he wasn't ever going to hunt again. His dad wasn't Ward Cleaver, but fuck, he was the man who taught him everything he knew...how to fight, how to shoot any type of gun, how to run a credit card scam, how to hustle pool.
In the center of the circle was a large crystal and a white candle. "For balance, wholeness, integrity, and spirit. This I ask of you. So mote it be." As with the others, the candle flared. "It is time to exchange the rings to bind yourselves, one to the other." Cas took Dean's hand and slipped on a ring that matched the one Mab gave him. Dean, in turn, pushed his ring onto Cas' finger.
"Benny..." With a sigh, the vampire looked up.
Dean stared out the window at his friend...Cas... "We need to go," Benny said softly to Dean, and Dean nodded. Benny put the car in drive and headed north. Once they were on the road, Benny called the highway patrol and asked for assistance.
"Bring me a piece of pie, Sweetheart."
Dean needed comfort, not sex. As much as he wanted Dean, he didn't want it to be something Dean would regret when he woke up. He didn't want their first time to be tainted with images of John Winchester in a hospital bed.
"Make him leave, Castiel," Benny turned abruptly and got into his truck. He didn't look at Castiel again, as he started the engine and drove away.
"Uh huh, well, just give me my clothes and I'll take my guns and get out of your hair." Once again, Dean tried to put weight on his legs and once again, he sank back down. "What did you do to me?"
Beside the general store was a old bar, or at least, Dean assumed it was a bar by the faded Bud Light sign by the door. He pushed inside. The place was empty, but the lights were on. Dean called out, "Anyone here?"
“Well this,” again Dean grabbed the soft bit of flesh below his belly button, “wasn’t there then, was it?”
He fell asleep watching the rise and fall of Dean's chest in the light from the fire.
Dean didn't have to be told twice. He struggled through the snow that was now about two feet deep. He could see Cas' shape in front of him, and he held tightly to the cord. It had to be twenty below out here. Cas abruptly stopped. Dean ran smack into him, knocking him off balance. They both landed with an oomph. "Sorry," Dean mumbled into Cas' ear, which was right next to his mouth.
"I'm on my way."
"Hey, I can eat at the table..."
Maeva and Zoraida were sitting at the table, still discussing the wedding robes. Castiel's had been brought with them, but Dean's was causing some issues among the aunts.
Even though he was pissed at Dean, he still held out his arm for Dean to take. Dean hated being weak, and it seemed like his muscles didn't want to cooperate with his brain. He allowed himself to be helped to the table. He looked down into the bowl and smiled. Beef stew...or maybe deer?
The salt from the roads in Wyoming and Colorado were caked in the wheel wells and all along the bottom of the car. Dean counted to ten before he answered. "We've been on the go since I got in from Wyoming, Dad. I haven't had a whole lotta time."
"Sammy, we ain't putting Dad in one of those places. He'll die."
The remainder of their clothing in various places on the floor, they lay side by side. Lazily, neither wanting to rush things, they explored each other using fingertips and their mouths. Castiel loved the freckles on Dean's shoulders and placed soft kisses on each and every one of them. Dean was enjoying Castiel's shivers with each stroke of a fingertip over his ribcage. No words were needed...soft gasps of pleasure told them they were doing things right.
"I'm heading out in the morning."
"Did you need something, or did you come here to talk about Castiel's powers?"
"Get the bowls down and the spoons out of the drawer there," Cas said, pointing. Dean set the stuff on the table and came up to stand behind Cas. He was stirring a pot of beans. It smelled delicious.
Now that Castiel's heartbeat was back to normal, he thought of the Goddess. She appeared to warn him. What had she meant about Dean needing him forever? He looked down at Dean, dark lashes fanned over his cheeks. He looked peaceful. Had he only found Dean that very morning? It seemed like he'd known Dean longer.
Benny pointed to the phone by the cash register. "Have at it."
The hunter lifted his chin defiantly. "Duly noted. What are you?" Castiel rushed to Benny's side, hoping to prevent...Benny's fangs dropped down.
After checking on the stew, he stripped off his clothing and donned his robe. The moon was full tonight, and it was time. Taking his basket in one hand and his staff in the other, he opened the door, and stepped out into the frigid night. The snow had stopped and the moonlight turned the landscape blue. In the small clearing behind the cabin, he sat the basket down and began setting up his altar. The cloth looked dark against the snow. He placed incense at the east, a red candle at the south, a chalice of water at the west, and a bowl of salt at the north. He took his ceremonial candles and placed them at the cardinal points. He let his robe drop and he stood skyclad, holding onto a single burning taper. At the eastern point, he lit the candle. As he moved in a circle, he lit each candle in turn. When the circle was complete, he returned to his altar. Pierce and Chara were seated side by side under a tree watching him as they always did.
All he got for his words was a raised eyebrow. "I can assure you, my nightmares are a lot worse than you could even imagine." He sighed heavily. "Dean, I mean you no harm. I know you probably won't believe me, and I don't know how to prove it to you." He shrugged.
"I admit the writing is like that of an uneducated teenager, but I don't understand why you say it's for repressed housewives. The protagonist spanks the main character, and I don't find that believable..."
"I have dinner going, but must go get more firewood up to the porch before the snow gets too deep."
"Look, no offense, but I don't really want to drink anything you brew up."
"Far from it," Cas said softly, a smile touching his lips. He pushed Dean's plaid over-shirt to the floor and growled at the t-shirt Dean wore under it. Dean was grateful for it, if he could keep it on until they blew out all the candles, he'd be set. Dean needed an even playing field. He gave Cas one more kiss and then gave him a playful shove towards the bed. Quickly, he went around the room blowing out the candles. Why did he light so many to begin with?
Castiel frowned. "Missouri, I've never..."
Something in the man's expression finally broke Castiel out of his trance. “I’m sorry?”
"Come on, let's grab this load and get inside. It's too fuckin' cold out here." Dean stomped his feet. "The air hurts my face, Cas. Why do you live somewhere where the air hurts your face?"
Castiel winced when Dean laughed. "Trust? That's rich, Cas." How could he prove to Dean he wasn't lying?
"I can't make that promise, Cas. Something has killed, at least, five people. I've got to find out what it is and kill it." Like he'd ever be able to forget Cas. He'd be dead if it wasn't for this witch...this gorgeous, gentle witch.
"I'm sorry, Dean, but you were just so...so cute." Cute? Cute? Seriously...oh, Cas was going to pay.
"I do," Benny said without looking up. Did the people of Lafitte really need that much peanut butter?
He called Bobby first to make sure his father was settled into the rehabilitation center. "He's fine, Boy. The insurance we defrauded is some rich man's, so your father has a private room."
"I can't leave, Bobby. Some..." Dean got a pained expression on his face. Saying a goddess is not letting him leave sounds like a one way ticket to the loony bin. "...something isn't letting me go."
Grabbing a second beer, he resumed pacing back and forth. He took an angry pull from the bottle every time he turned to pace in the other direction. His free hand was raking through his hair angrily.
There was no way Dean could avoid obeying that command. He unbuttoned his jeans so his cock wasn't painful anymore and crossed the floor. Cas looked almost predatory and that made Dean his willing prey. This time, the kiss was more fevered...wetter...borderline violent. Dean didn't break the kiss as he shoved his jeans down his thighs. It made things a bit awkward with him shimmying around, but Cas' hands were on his hips, holding him steady.
Back inside the cabin, they took off their coats, and Castiel announced he was going to bed. Dean shrugged after looking at his watch. Castiel didn't have a timepiece, he just knew it was his usual bedtime. "If you want to read, it won't bother me," Castiel said, pushing the grimoire across the bed towards Dean. Dean took it and stepped over to his bedding. "Uhm, hey, Cas...your cat is in my bed."
"I was slicing up a tomato for my salad, and Dean thought it would be funny to scare me. He's a jackass," Sam said with a rueful grin. "Anyway, he startled me, and I got him on the arm. He clocked me out of reflex, I guess, and I fell against the edge of the counter." Dean stared at Sam in amazement. The boy was good at lying. Really good.
He laid the man on the wooden floor and removed the rest of his wet clothing. Castiel heaved the nude man up into his arms and placed him into his own bed, covering him. He was alive, barely. Quickly, Castiel raced back outside to bring in more firewood. He stoked the fire until it was raging. Castiel began to sweat, but his discomfort meant nothing.
Castiel smiled and squeezed Dean's hand. "No." Castiel started undoing the braid cord clasps on Dean's robe and Dean hissed, "Cas..." He looked around, panic making his eyes huge. "What are you doing?"
"We will be skyclad with our robes for coverage. And no, the ceremony is not like a Christian wedding, there will be no fancy cake, no presents, and no throwing bouquets of flowers."
Castiel smiled and went back to preparing for bed. He brushed his teeth with his homemade toothpaste. He realized Dean was staring at him, and he turned around. Then it dawned on him. Dean didn't have clothes or toiletries. "I'm sorry, your things are all in your car. I have something you can sleep in, and you can brush your teeth with this." He held up the jar. Dean took it and brought it to his nose.
Castiel laughed. "You think I would make you bathe in water I've already bathed in?"
Cas exhaled and stood back up. He walked back to the table and sat again. "I placed several healing stones in the bag, but I, also, gave you a piece of rose quartz."
Dean felt stupid just sitting in the warm cabin while Cas was out there in the freezing cold chopping wood. "Damn it," he muttered and pulled on his coat and gloves. He had to shove hard to get the door to open and close again. The wind whipped at his hair. For once, he wished his hair was long like Sam's. At least his ears would stay warmer.
Cas' face softened. "You can have it, Dean."
"Oh...yeah...internet would be good," Dean said weakly.
Dean looked up and took a deep breath. "They're taking dad to South Dakota tomorrow morning."
"Yeah, sure...probably a good idea." Dean stood, water sluicing off his body, and Castiel's eyes locked on Dean's semi-erect cock. Quickly, Castiel pulled the plug to drain the tub and stood, as well. They both dried off, and Dean knelt to poke at the fire. The image stole Castiel's breath away. Naked, glowing in the firelight...he was Adonis...a beautiful god. Dean looked up at him and smiled. Castiel's breath caught and he stepped forward.
"Good to know," Cas said roughly. He made short work of the other boot and sock, taking his time to kiss that foot too. He stood up and gripped the waistband of Dean's jeans and pulled them off, tossing them aside easily. That left Dean in his boxer briefs and his t-shirt. Dean crab-walked backwards on the bed to give Cas room. Dean loved how Cas was so at home in his body. He'd been like that back in his twenties, before fast food and his age caught up with him.
"Mead? What the fuck is that?" Dean asked, his nose turned up in disgust.
"Listen to what, Dean? Your goodbye. See ya around. Been nice knowing you? What exactly did you mean when you said you loved me? Because love apparently means something different to you."
"Yes, you are," Dean purred. Dean's hands grasped his and held them over his head. Dean's mouth was everywhere, his throat, his nipples, nuzzling into his armpits. He felt the brush of Dean's cock on his thigh and rolled his hips upward.
"No..." Dean's eyes flew open, unfocused. He gasped for air.
Dean didn't think it was possible for a vampire to look sheepish, but Benny sure as hell did. "I let some kids borrow it for a tire swing down by the river back in August."
All the wind seemed to go out of Bobby's sails. The man slumped against the side of the shed, and he shook his head sadly. "Dean, you and Sam mean the world to me. If you would have been my own blood, maybe things would be different. You had to grow up too soon, and you never got to dream. Sam was different. You took care of him and helped him to be the man he is today. You supported him and his dreams, and he was so lucky to have had you there for him. It's past time for you to have your own dreams, son."
"I trust you, Dean," Castiel whispered. He was the first to look away. He went back to his mixing, but he was very aware of Dean taking the book over to the bed. He heard the flare of a match being struck and from the corner of his eye, he saw Dean make himself comfortable against the headboard.
"He doesn't trust me; but so far, he is following my wishes," Castiel informed him. Benny shrugged and continued towards the four wheel drive truck. Two large cardboard boxes were in the bed of the pickup. "I'd feel better if you took the satellite phone."
"Good...still not going to be naked though. And...shit...when is this supposed to happen. I gotta call Sam. He's gotta be my best man."
"Dad...Gabriel...stop," Dean called out, struggling to his feet. Gabriel, eyes glowing blue, lowered the man, but kept his hand on John's neck. The only sound was the ragged breathing of the men. John's eyes were wild.
Dean's hand cupped the back of his neck, and he massaged it like he was fighting back a headache. "Dad...Dad called me a fag."
"You love him," Dean said softly.
"Chara? She is not mine. I'm sure she is either with her pack or hunting."
"Please listen to me," Castiel started, but Gordon picked that second to make his move. Knife flashing in the overhead lights, he shoved at Dean. Dean drew back his fist, but the other hunter sliced Dean's arm. Blood splashed on Castiel. With a sharp inhalation of breath, Castiel flicked his hand at Gordon. Gabriel was less than a second behind him in his reaction. The archangel's blade went into Gordon's throat at the same time Castiel's power knocked the hunter to the ground. The smell of burnt flesh was acrid.
"Yeah, I guess." They walked another half mile before Dean resumed his questioning. "So basically anyone can come here and live in peace?"
"Gordon has heard about a town around here where a bunch of monsters have made their home. Now that Bobby and Sam are here, we can locate it and slaughter 'em all."
Dean laughed out loud. "Cas, come on, bathroom humor rocks. Everyone thinks it's funny."
"No, I don't suppose it does.
"A love potion? What a dumbass," the fallen archangel said sarcastically. Dean glared up at him.
"It would involve some travel, but not as much as you do now. You could stay with Castiel...make a life here. When I hear of something, I'll let you know."
"Yes, Dean..." Sam was talking to him like he rode the short bus or something. "...driving would have been impractical."
Kate, the beautiful young werewolf, was talking to Sam and by his body language, Sam was attracted. A slow song was playing on the jukebox and Sam led her to the small dance floor. Gabriel caught his eye and grinned. Dean looked at him quizzically. The angel went to the jukebox and leaned against it. Suddenly, Warren Zevon's Werewolf of London filled the speakers. Gabriel laughed like an idiot and Dean couldn't help it. Kate was giggling as Sam stared around him in horror.
"He's a Celt, of Irish descent."
Everyone moved at once, gathering around John. Bobby rolled him onto his back, and Castiel saw fear in the man's eyes. He knew what was happening. "He's had a stroke," Castiel said and pushed Sam out of the way. "Gabriel..." Castiel looked up at his friend, but Gabriel shook his head slightly. The archangel either couldn't or wouldn't do anything. He'd figure out which later.
He knew continuing the conversation wouldn't be productive, and he let himself relax in Dean's arms. The hunter was an enigma. A puzzle that he couldn't quite figure out, but he wasn't going to give up.
Dean chuckled, and it turned into more coughing. He sat up so he could drink. Castiel helped hold the mug, and he took several large gulps. "Thanks...for the water and not turning me into a toad. Uhm, speaking of spells and stuff, what is that?" Dean pointed to the pouch.
"What the fuck...who knew they had huge freakin' dicks." Castiel tried to hide his smile, but Benny laughed outright.
At the stroke of midnight, Castiel stood before his altar and raised his hands to the sky.
"Of course, my son," the priest stood up and walked to the nurses' station.
He blew out a breath nervously, but pulled his coat on. "I'll just be out at the shed..." He let his words trail off because neither man was paying attention. He let the door shut behind him and hesitated on the porch. When nothing could be heard from inside, he knew Benny was waiting for him to leave. "Damn," he muttered as he headed for the lean-to.
"Leave him alone. He worships you, you bitch." Dean yelled and started to run toward Cas. He got as far as the edge of the circle, and it felt like he was slamming into a brick wall. He fell back on his ass in the snow. "Cas, you okay?"
Benny pushed through the door first, followed by Dean, Sam, and Bobby. Benny met Castiel's eye, and a thought was pushed through. John was alive, and Dean was fine.
He opened the door again. The feline streaked across the snow and disappeared into the woods. "Aren't you afraid she'll get lost?"
"He's on his way to Wyoming, Dean."
"He's going to leave you. He's got to leave here. If he finds out about the rest of the town, he'll bring more hunters."
"Sure...okay. Listen...I really am glad I got to know you."
"Dean, when I bathe, I don't fill the tub all the way up like I did when you were suffering from hypothermia. It doesn't take long to fill, you will have clean water."
"Gordon suspects this town exists, and he's talked your daddy into believing it. You being here is going to cause problems."
The sound of a soft moan drifted over to him, and he came back to the main room. Chara was standing next to the stranger, ears alert. Castiel placed his hand on the wolf’s head. “Is he waking, Mo Chara?"
"Oh, I had no idea. I can help you with that." Pajamas forgotten, Castiel went to his shelves and began pulling down jars. He took them to his work table. He added Stinging Nettle, Butterbur, honey, and peppermint to his mortar and pestle. Dean wandered over and watched him. Once the herbs formed a paste with the honey, Castiel poured the concoction into a mug and sat the kettle on to boil. "This will help you tonight, and I can make a batch of it to take with you when you leave."
Cas leaned forward; so, he could turn around on the seat. His head was doing the tilty thing that made Dean want to kiss his adorable face. "I really don't understand how a fictional television show from the fifties has any relevance..."
"Wouldn't it create a time paradox?"
"Does it make me a bad person if I don't really care if I ever see him again?" He sounded broken. Castiel wanted to hold him close, but he settled for putting his hand over Dean's.
"Did you expect a broomstick?" Castiel would have missed the slight lift at the corner of Dean's mouth had he not been staring right at him. It disappeared quickly though. Working fast, Castiel tossed the extra helmet to Dean while he strapped on his own. He swung his leg over the bike and started it. Dean was still holding his helmet, and Castiel looked at him questioningly. "You coming?"
The older man didn't let go of Dean's shirt until they were by the shed. "Of all the stupid things I've seen and heard in my lifetime, that just took the prize."
Outside? What the fuck? "Uhm, Cas...it's fuckin' freezing out there." The idea of pulling out his dick to take a piss in the below zero temperatures wasn't a pleasant one.
"I want to...I can bring my burn salve to Benny...kill two birds..."
As Benny tossed Sam the keys to the rental, Bobby came out of the bar. "About damn time you idjits got here. We all don't have time to sit around with our thumbs up our asses."
When he pulled back the curtain, he was dressed in jeans and a flannel shirt. He should start a fire, but before he could voice his intentions, Dean stopped in front of him. "I've got to get back to town, Cas. I've got to talk to Sam again...Bobby too."
"Yes, Gabriel," Castiel said, eyes on Dean, who was arguing with Nimue about something. "I better get back before she puts a spell on him." The last person who pissed Nimue off... Castiel shuddered.
"Peace," was Castiel's short reply. Dean knew there was a story there, but for now his need to pee was more important. He saw the log structure in the shadow of a stand of trees. It did not look inviting.
"I can't see that," Missouri admitted and everyone sat in silence.
"If I don't, other hunters will come. Do you want to risk that?" Dean's father would be one of them. He'd kill Cas just because he's a witch.
"It makes things better," she said softly. After a few months, Castiel's potions wore off, and he would make her a new one. This last batch helped the change come about less painfully. To Benny, she said, "I heard there was a stranger in town."
"Shut up...this ladle thing doesn't pour right." All he got from that lame excuse was a raised eyebrow. When Cas moved off to set the table, Dean was able to breathe again.
"Yes, Dean." Castiel indicated the front of Dean's robe. "May I undress my husband now?"
"Sheriff Lafitte might be able to tell you more." Gabriel leaned back and stuck a lollipop in his mouth.
"Hey...hey, Cas..." The witch didn't turn around, and the slamming of the door rattled the jars on the shelves. The cat jumped up on the chair Cas had vacated and stared at Dean, tail twitching sharply. "He is sexy when he's pissed," Dean said to the cat.
"Hmmm, I'll give it a shot, but there will be beer there too, right?"
It wasn't Dean's fault, he didn't know living in a cabin, with only a bathtub to bathe in Etiquette 101. Now, he could teach Cas a lot about living in cheap motel rooms. He had a lifetime of experience there.
Once Gabriel had their orders and he'd disappeared into the kitchen, Castiel felt another wave of energy that made him gasp. Dean looked at him sharply. "Cas, you okay?"
"Protect me from what, Missouri?" Castiel yanked his hand away, he shouted. "From what?"
"He is really adorable, isn't he," another of the women said to the group. Cas was trying not to grin.
"All this cryptic shit."
"Yep. Now, you have your answers.  Everything's been reported, so your kind shouldn't be seen around these parts again."
Castiel left Dean and walked into town. He walked into the general store. He always felt like he stepped back in time when he came to Benny's. The members of the town didn't need a whole lot, just normal cooking supplies, toiletries in a few cases. Benny could always order anything they wanted. The shopkeeper, slash sheriff, slash postal clerk was the only one in the town to have the Internet. Benny had some fancy satellite system in the backroom. Cell phone use was sketchy at best in the area, so most of the town had satellite phones.
"Gabriel get me blankets. We need to get him to the hospital as soon as possible. Find Benny." Castiel called to no one in particular. Bobby ran to the bar where Benny had left a satellite phone. Castiel hoped he was able to get in touch with Benny.
"Can he really do that...the whole turning people into toads thing?" Dean asked, curious and unimpressed by the woman. She looked vaguely familiar, and Dean figured he'd seen her at the town meeting.
"I'm not really hungry," Dean said, realizing it was true. That had to be a first. He was always hungry.
Castiel smiled at him indulgently. "Dean, we need to consummate our binding in the circle. Afterwards, we will join everyone for food and drink to celebrate. Trust me, Dean, there is no one here but us." Castiel spoke in a soothing tone, but he could see that Dean was still nervous by the way his eyes darted around the meadow. Being skyclad never bothered him and he took it for granted that his new mate would feel the same. "Would you like to stay covered?"
"Good morning, Dean," Castiel whispered. Dean untangled himself and tilted his head until his neck popped.
"No, but it is what you meant. You have doubts about your worthiness." Dean's lips formed a thin line, and his eyes narrowed. Could she read his mind?
"Are you okay?"
Dean stepped into the outhouse and shut the door behind him. Castiel leaned against it after tying the cord to a metal hook on the side wall. He was hoping this storm would taper off before morning, but just in case, the line would keep Dean from getting lost.
"Yeah, guess you've gotta get back to the old grind, huh?" Dean's expression was guarded, but Castiel could tell Dean would miss his brother.
Once he was under the quilts, he looked up at Cas and not knowing why, he lifted the edge of the quilt. Cas hesitated for all of ten seconds. The man was stiff as a board beside him, but Dean just curled onto his side and closed his eyes. He must have drifted off because the next thing he knew, the sun was streaming in the window, the cat was nestled on his head and...fuck...he was wrapped around Cas like a freakin' octopus. Slowly and carefully, he moved each arm and leg until none of his body parts were touching Cas' skin...anywhere.
"Yes, ma'am."
"We have our whole lives, Dean." The quick nod from Dean told Castiel he understood the gravity of the words. Castiel just made a commitment. The most important commitment he'd ever made.
"Zoraida and Lilura did it. Just past the tree line, it's still winter in Wyoming."
The witch stared at him, a corner of his mouth quirked up. "You sound like a stage magician."
Gazing intently at the man he was bound to from this day forward, Castiel replied, "I will."
"Yeah." The word sounded harsh in the quiet of the cabin.
Sam and Benny came back carrying coffee, and they hadn't even gotten a sip before a nurse stepped into the waiting room and motioned to them. As they drew close, she informed the four men that John was in a room and resting comfortably. She suggested they go home and rest. Benny gave the nurse his satellite phone number and his landline number just in case there was a change.
Dean stopped his pacing and stared, his mouth agape. "You've got to be kidding me. An archangel? Seriously?"
"What the hell, Cas? Your aunts fly in on broomsticks or whatever and hijack our freakin' wedding. They're telling us what to wear, what to drink...next they'll be telling us how to fuck. And while we're on the subject of your aunts, what is going on with them all looking like they're twenty-something? Are you going to stay looking like you do now, while I just get old, gray, and wrinkled? You could have warned me before they showed up..." Dean stopped because Cas was just standing there taking everything that Dean was dishing out. Those wonderfully clear blue eyes were tinged with sadness. Fuck. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Damn it, Cas...I'm sorry."
"Dad, Cas is a hedge witch...he's good," Dean said.
"Castiel, we should go see if Pierce is okay," Benny said, and Castiel knew Benny wasn't worried about his cat. No, the man wanted to talk privately.
Pierce came across the snow, and Castiel had the door open for her before he realized what was in her mouth. "Pierce," he called, but she ignored him and went straight up to Dean, who was pulling on his boots. She spit out the tiny field mouse at his feet, and the look of horror on his face made Benny and Sam burst out laughing.
"Brighid gave me rein over these woods to protect them from evil."
"I've met him. It was back when I was turned. He helped me. He let me go with the promise I wouldn't kill anyone."
"Yeah?"
"Cas told me about...before..."
"Damn it, Cas, do you gotta do this shit naked?"
"Dean took the amulet." Benny's look of disappointment made Castiel turn away. A clicking sound brought his eyes back to the black car. Dean's face was confused and Castiel watched him turn the key again. The same noise happened again. Beside him, Benny growled. "What's wrong?"
"He is yours and you are his." She was speaking to Dean and Cas rose slowly, his eyes jumping from Dean to the goddess and back again.
"Bobby? Bobby Singer?" Benny's eyes cut to Castiel. What was Benny trying to tell him? Castiel gave a small shrug to show his confusion.
"Perhaps, but my great aunts don't have telephones." Castiel began putting the tools and herbs away.
"If I let my grace meld with your power, we could wipe Dean's father's memories. Set him up somewhere with a wife and kids...a job..."
"No," he admitted.
"Fuck you." Castiel flinched as the cabin door slammed behind him. Castiel made his way through the forest to the place where the Goddess came to him the previous night. He dropped to his knees in the snow, feeling the cold dampness seep through his worn jeans.
Leaving the cabin...HIS cabin...in an angry huff wasn’t the smartest thing he'd ever done, but the man was infuriating. He stopped at the tree line. During the ritual, his circle kept the cold at bay. But now, he needed help. Castiel pulled the small pouch from his pocket and called for his Goddess. "Brighid, I call upon you. Warm my body and protect me from the cold on this night." Energy crackled around him as he took the small bit of amber from the pouch. He closed his fist around it and felt the warmth flow over him.
