“And I'm sure she's beautiful, smart, creative....” Sherlock exchanged a knowing grin with John as the sky finally cleared, the freshly revealed sun glistening over the sheen of rain on the stone.
Finally. Finally, Sherlock was convinced he would get his way. He would get off with John, and his mind would be free to process, to focus, without his friend, his doctor, his soldier distracting him so terribly. He brought his hands down, settling them at the small of John's back and thrusted his hips forward. John moaned, and so Sherlock repeated the motion, both now moving against each other.
“Here,” John sat back quickly, shaking them both from the moment. He held out a hand for Sherlock to take, helping the taller man to his feet. He hesitated, his hands fidgeting at his sides as he waited for Sherlock to remove his pants.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered agitatedly as they worked their way down the winding path into the mountain.
John didn't answer. Instead, he stormed passed Sherlock determinedly, exiting the water and taking up his clothes. He pulled on pants and trousers, then turned and leveled Sherlock with an furious glare. “You- you absolute bloody arsehole!”
Sherlock grinned as the three moved to investigate, Bilbo carefully averting his eyes and John looking amused at the spectacle.
“Late 20's to early 30's, female, bored or starved for a creative outlet, suggesting this person is probably a mother. Overworked, tired, and using writing as a means to escape. Bit pathetic, really.”
What do you think John's favorite color actually is? I submit it is the exact same shade of blue as Sherlock's eyes. But maybe I'm projecting.
“You think it will?” Sherlock asked, not at all doubting the odds of something else crazy happening.
“Because John, I can't keep my mind off you and it will all be much easier to focus if we do this now so it doesn't carry on for weeks. Months. Who knows how long,” Sherlock answered as he pulled of his shirt.
Orcs, apparently, were blood thirsty mutated creatures hell bent on ending as many lives as they could manage to get their hands on. Therefore, when the company was set upon by orcs riding on the back of even more vicious wolves, (wargs, he was told) Sherlock would not hesitate to admit that he was scared. Much as fear was not a typical feeling the detective experienced, he was very much afraid when a giant warg, sharp teeth snapping and drool hanging in ropes from its hungry mouth, attacked him, knocking him to the ground. It hovered over him, lunging to snap its jaws at his face, then dropped, Kili's arrows protruding from his gaping maw, heavy smelly body twitching against Sherlock's chest.
“As long as I’m with Sherlock, it doesn’t really matter what world we’re in,” John said with a smile, moving to stand in front of the taller man.
“Oh! Oh John!” Sherlock called out, the exclamation surprising him as much as it befuddled him. “Oh John yes! Ah! Yes!”
John panted as he looked over at the apparition in bed beside him. He reached over with his free hand to touch a sharp cheekbone, and Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock's eyes widened. “Well, I suppose we're facing a dragon. Come on, then, John. We best get on with it.” At least he wasn't going to die a virgin.
Sherlock picked up the sweater and ran a hand over the stitching. It was beautifully made. Not that Sherlock had an abundance of knowledge on the subject, but it felt sturdy and warm. The perfect gift, as winter was fast approaching. Now all he needed was tea. John was quite fond of tea, and he had been lamenting the lack of it for quite some time.
“Tauriel, Sherlock. Her name is Tauriel,” John scolded, before turning to the elf. “My lady, please, can you heal him?”
“'What the actual fuck'? Did you just say 'what the actual fuck'?” John shook his head incredulously.
What exactly had just happened? John was far too level headed and reasonable to act out so emotionally.
The company stood on the wall, overlooking the elven king’s vast army. Thranduil made his way forward, astride his great elk.
He did manage to avoid Baker Street, if only for a half hour or so. He wandered aimlessly, passing by pubs and stores and random shops. He hailed a cab, and before he knew it, he was staring at the crooked numbers on the door. The gold knocker. 221B.
“I was surprised to find you had vacated the flat when I returned,” Sherlock mentioned casually, and John was suddenly ready to snap.
John turned quickly and hastened away. He swore to himself that would be the last time he allowed himself to think too hard about Sherlock Holmes.
It was John's turn to roll his eyes. “Yes, Sherlock, I happen to notice when someone is gorgeous, and she is most definitely an example! Don't be ridiculous.”
Sherlock tried to shake the strange mindset,when he was further distracted as the doctor's steady, rough hands grazed Sherlock's sides as he took the hem of the light tunic and pulled it up and over Sherlock's head.
“I am a hobbit, Mr. Holmes. Bilbo Baggins is my name. You'll find that, should the rest of these miscreants prove to be too much, I make much more sensible company.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” The gray haired wizard approached the detective. “The company has told me much about you. I feel it is time we had a little chat.”
"Fuck off, Johnny," she said, giving him a shove. There were no cameras on them, and she was getting all her swears out so they didn't have to push the show back to an after-nine slot. "They're taking for-fucking-ever, and I'm going to go mad if we have to wait any longer."
We were in Pall Mall, so we ran north towards Oxford Street, getting ourselves intentionally lost in the warren of Soho. Holmes pulled me this way and that, through passageways and around corners, and finally we ducked into a doorway. Holmes pinned me there with his body. He looked over my shoulder, but all I could focus on was the hot length of his body and the heave of his chest against mine as he caught his breath. His hands were on my arms, holding me against the brick. All at once, I was dizzy with wanting.
The first twenty minutes were anticlimactic. At twenty past, on the dot, Mycroft walked in with his assistant, and John came back into the kitchen to report that they had been followed shortly by a
"Fine." Sherlock rolled his eyes heavenward. "It'll have to do. Lestrade will be here in twenty minutes."
The tortillas themselves were handmade of cornmeal, and were waiting to be rolled out and quickly fried on the griddle. Harry's gap year in Mexico was paying off in ways their parents hadn't anticipated. John, too, had been convinced she'd spent the whole time drinking tequila and seducing the local dark-eyed señoritas. Apparently not; or at least, not
For these reasons, among others, Holmes has learned to let me sleep, even if he himself is determined to work on through the night. But he also knows he can wake me, should the situation turn dire.
He ached in all the best ways. His shoulder was sore from holding the weight of his body up over Sherlock's. His knees felt lightly burned from the friction of the sheets. The muscles in his backside and thighs protested when he bent down to pick up a stray piece of paper from the floor. He had a bite mark below his collarbone: small, round, and perfectly identifiable. And there was the all-over sensation of satisfaction, the release of tension that came from nothing else but an orgasm in the presence— in the arse, John's mind supplied helpfully— of another person.
“We don’t have all evening!” Sherlock boomed, when the gellification of the bell pepper wasn’t moving quickly enough for him.
"It was," I agree, staring at my own hands curled before my face. "I never got sick. I don't know why. Of the two of us, I should have been more vulnerable. I used cocaine and morphine for years. I experimented with everything. I poisoned both of us once but I did it to myself a dozen times. I should— I should have—" I choke on my guilt and have to stop.
"Mycroft was just leaving," Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes at the man. "Weren't you, Mycroft? John and I have a lot of work to do, and you're taking up a
Holmes shook his head. "He's not gone for good," he said. "With no storehouse and no crew, he's going to be high and dry, as it were." He jerked his thumb at the group of men on the ground. "Someone is bound to give him up, I've no doubt."
We fell asleep like that, tangled together beneath the voluminous bedclothes, safe and sound in Colonel Hayter’s bachelor establishment. Future trips to Hayter’s estate wouldn’t require such drastic measures in the future, and I found Holmes very happy to make a return visit. I couldn’t always promise him a local mystery, but I always did my best to keep him safe, sound, and entertained.
Harry grabbed his empty hand, his right hand. "Don't," she begged. "She shouldn't have to come get me."
When we were out in public, he put his arm through mine as he always did, but he held onto my elbow a little tighter, and his ring kept catching my eye. Lestrade brought us a new case, swearing up and down it wasn't another surprise party, and as we looked over the scene Holmes put his hand on my shoulder to draw my attention. I felt the touch through my coat and jacket to my skin. Later that same afternoon, he laced his fingers with mine without looking, which was certainly something he'd never done before.
There was Vaseline in the night table drawer, deep finger troughs in it already. Holmes fumbled the jar open, scooped out a generous amount, and moved down the bed, taking the quilts with him on his narrow shoulders. I didn't care. He nudged my thighs apart and smeared some of the jelly between my buttocks, at the same time taking my prick in his other hand.
John was lightheaded. This was not quite how he'd pictured this encounter going. Then again, he shouldn't have been quite so surprised. Sherlock might chafe against authority, but he'd already admitted John was an exception. John was going to have to be careful not to abuse the power. Not that he was
"I need a barback and at least two other bartenders for the dinner rushes," Sarah agreed. "Are you going to serve food at the bar?"
Then Sherlock levered himself upright again and gripped John's hips in both hands; he began to fuck John with quicker, deeper thrusts, working his hips more forcefully. John stayed on his elbows, not trusting his arm anymore at all, but he could reach under himself and give his prick some encouraging squeezes. His cock hardened in his grip, and soon he was trying to spread his legs wider, arching his back to meet Sherlock's thrusts. Sherlock said, "God, yes," almost too softly to hear. His hands wandered across John's back and up and down John's legs, fondling his arse and massaging his hips.
"Sherlock," John said, before he could protest or hang up, "do not bin the menu we worked on yesterday. It's all brilliant. If you need a distraction, plan something for the
"Sherlock, please," Sherlock said. His grip was firm and his gloves were pleasantly warm from the inside of the cab. "What do you think?" he asked, gesturing at the building.
"We've discussed this." He was at the mantle, filling his clay pipe jerkily. He jammed the tobacco down with his thumb and bit down on the mouthpiece. He lit a match, sucked on the pipe until it glowed, and threw the match into the fireplace. He wouldn't look at me.
"Enough," Holmes gasped, pushing my hand away, "enough, enough." He was breathing hard, and the bedclothes beneath him were soaked. "By Jove, John."
He strode up to the plywood-bandaged door and rapped on it sharply. A moment later, the door was opened by a petite older woman with soft, blonde hair and a delicately lined face. She was wearing a purple silk dress with a high collar and tight cuffs that made John think of his Scottish nan.
I don't understand how this new world works, but for now I decide not to inspect its miracles too closely. Watson kisses me and holds me in his arms, and I am at risk of shaking to pieces.
“Not on your own, it seems,” he said, beaming up at me. His handsome face was half-lit in the moonlight and the shadow, and it made my heart thump. I managed a smile.
a new restaurant, and how it is a colossally bad idea to go into business with me, given my track record. No, sorry, I shouldn't have come—"
I barely heard the door downstairs close, but the sound of feet coming up the stairs registered. By the weight and pattern of the tread I knew it was Watson. I threw the book onto the table and covered it with a newspaper, and then stuffed my rigid, swollen prick into my trousers and buttoned them. It tented my fly obscenely, so I grabbed a pillow and was just covering my lap with it when the sitting room door opened.
John stared at him for a moment, and then reached out and touched Sherlock's knee. Sherlock started and lifted his head to stare at John.
"Fine," Sherlock said, as John went down the stairs. Damn the man, couldn't leave the last word hanging. "But if any of them are late, they're out!"
It was from Watson; he had run into an old friend from medical school and they had decided to stop and have a drink together. He suggested we meet for dinner later, and told me where he would be. Mrs Hudson hadn’t left the room yet by the time I’d read it, so I told her not to expect us to eat that evening.
He dragged my head up for another deep kiss, and then pushed my leg off his thigh so that I lay beside him. In this position he could spread his legs fully, and my hand was drawn like a magnet to the soft place between his thighs.
finished, and the decor will be simple. You're right about the aubergine being too dark; I think a light blue will suit very nicely."
John cornered him just inside the kitchen door. "All right," he demanded, "what did you say to them?"
He kisses me again, jerking me hard and fast between our bodies. His other hand is in my hair again, holding me to be kissed. I grasp at his sides, my mouth open wide and hungry.
"John," Sherlock said, turning to face him, leaning with one hip against the table, "you have to forget about trying to get her approval. She's never going to be happy that you're successful without her. That's just who she is."
"I bought that glassware," Sherlock said, wheeling around and taking a threatening step towards him. "There wouldn't be glassware to break without me."
"Oh," the Reverend said, taken aback. "I'm not sure– Dr Watson, I'm afraid we have a few rules about that sort of thing."
The only time his propensity to giggle is even the slightest bit unwelcome is in the middle of the night in a rural country inn, when the bedrooms are all doubles, the landlord and his wife sleep in the next room, and Sherlock Holmes has just solved a murder.
She flushed and tucked her hands underneath her thighs. "Er, well, the bakery's quite busy," she said, "and I'm used to getting yelled at. I mean— No—" She shook her head sharply, wincing. "I mean, high pressure situations don't intimidate me. Well, they do, a bit, but I'm good at following directions and I almost never make mistakes."
It was unexpected, to say the least, in light of the reaction he'd had the last time they'd had sex. John preferred this one considerably. He tipped his head against Sherlock's in acknowledgement, and Sherlock let him go to fetch milk.
Watson!" She howled, a veritable gale force of olive-green boiled-wool peacoat and smart blonde bob. "So it
“I am programmed to investigate,” the machine says. “The stories I was given were only a part of the life John Watson lived. I knew there had to be more. A writer such as he rarely leaves an encounter undocumented. He wrote down everything.”
"Good, good." He paused, chewing his lip, and then he said, "I thought perhaps we could go for a walk, if you're amenable."
I ought to have taken myself off to bed, but the desire was foremost in my consciousness and so I stayed where I was, eyes closed, knees spread, cock hard. I rubbed myself through my trousers until the backs of my thighs were shaking with the tension, hips rocking up into my hand without actually leaving the settee. I was rigid, thinking of Watson’s hands on me, the gust of his breath upon my neck, the tilt of his smile. I had never had his amorous gaze directed at me, but I could picture it: the heat of his eyes, the ruddiness of his softly-bitten lips, the bristle of his moustache. His moustache. I had never before considered facial hair attractive, but his tidy moustache hid a wicked smile and said everything it needed to about his masculinity. I wanted to feel it against my bare skin, wanted to be burned by it the next morning. I scratched my fingernails against the underside of my chin, imagining the press of his mouth on my throat, while at the same time I squeezed the head of my prick through the placket of my trousers. I had to bite back another moan.
John was quickly coming to understand just how problematic a bored Sherlock could be. Sherlock had moved on from an afternoon of fairly dramatic violin pieces (after the third “what is that you are playing” from John, Sherlock muttered “Shostakovich”) to something that sounded like alley cats mating. John had no idea how Mrs. Hudson had lived below Sherlock for months or years. John would have to hear that story sometime. After about 15 minutes of alley cats, John had had enough.
Sherlock looked intently at John in what John was starting to think of as his “deducing” mode. After several moments, Sherlock said, “What made you move from a pattern of serious relationships to casual sex?”
Sherlock roused himself and walked over to the table, somewhat surprised at the food already plated up and waiting. He looked at John with some confusion. John smiled back at him. “What?” John asked.
Sherlock had not, however, deleted a number of disastrous earlier efforts to communicate with supposed peers. His early years of home schooling had eventually led to far too many years at public school surrounded by boys who wanted nothing more than to be accepted into whatever constantly changing cliques passed for a social structure. Sherlock had found that social structure did not neatly match with his understanding of “friendship,” a supposedly important societal concept that had been drummed into his head from an early age by tutors and his parents. Thankfully, Mycroft had never thought much of that concept either. John’s gentle curiosity for the last few hours gave Sherlock an opportunity he rarely had - to ask someone about those unwritten rules that had never made sense to him.
“Sherlock, I'm sure we will be fine. You said so yourself, she won't really hurt us,” John soothed. Sherlock gave him a sidelong glare in lieu of a response before stomping off across camp to sulk.
John licked his lips and nodded, then tried desperately to look at anything but Sherlock's exposed chest. “Yes... yes it's always been one of my favorites.”
“What, Kili and Fili?” Bilbo shook his head with a grin. “No. They're just boys, by all rights. It's just a bit of fun. They mean no harm. Better they are laughing at my expense than fretting over entering the forest tomorrow like the rest of them are.”
“So,” John's voice shook Sherlock from his musings. He was surprised the doctor had managed to sneak up on him, though given their current circumstances, he supposed he had been quite distracted.
John's movements sped up, his hips thrusting erratically, and Sherlock was completely captivated by the sight of him; brow furrowed, bliss clear on his face as his jaw went slack. Another thrust and John was lost, moaning and gasping as his climax hit. Sherlock felt the heat coiling inside him, (there it was again. What did that even mean?!) and he quickly followed John over the edge, every thought washed from his mind by hot white light. His eyes fluttered open to find John panting and looking down at him like he was the most amazing being on the planet. His lips were parted, hair disheveled and eyes full of adoration as he gazed down at Sherlock.
“Idiot,” Sherlock muttered as he pulled himself to his feet. “John?” he looked around, spotting John and then pulled him up. “We should probably help him. Think you can manage to hit that big white bastard?”
“Anyway, we need to get your temperature down a bit. Best you sleep in as few layers as possible,” Sherlock raised a suggestive eyebrow before turning to stoke the fire.
“He waves around a walking stick and pretends to be all knowing! Then how can he possibly not know how very screwed we will be, once he leaves us?!”
John let out a soft exhale. He pictured those piercing blue eyes staring into him, eyes alight with the thrill of a new and impossible case. He pictured hands, elegant fingers coaxing symphonies from a violin in the dead of night. He pictured a long, slender body wrapped snuggly in a ridiculously expensive suit.
More orcs. They were everywhere, shooting at the company as they were tossed about by the rapids of the great river. The great river? Was that what it was called, or was that just how Sherlock was referring to it in his head? No matter. It was of little consequence when there were arrows flying everywhere and you were being bashed against rocks.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's, letting his breathing calm and his heart rate slow. “Thank you, John,” he breathed, then turned to get out of the water.
“How dare you! How dare you disrespect the noble line of Durin the Deathless!” Thorin roared, outraged.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt very alone. He frowned as he noticed the moisture gathering in the corner of his eyes.
John leaned back, his pupils blown and breaths coming out in rough pants. He brought his hand down, letting it brush teasingly over Sherlock's length.
“What is the meaning of this?!” Thorin appeared next to Sherlock, a dangerous look on his face. “Bilbo! How could you?”
Gandalf hadn't had an answer, at least not one that Sherlock thought was more than an absolute load of horse shit, and so he had stormed off fuming. He had been distant and short tempered the last few days, and meeting the skin-changer hadn't helped.
The flat John had moved to was… small. It was plain and grey and dreary. Empty. And without Sherlock’s ghost to keep him company, it was lonely and miserable.
This was different. His longing for John was hindering his ability to focus, to process and observe things properly. It was as though John had infested his mind palace, covering the floors and filling the empty spaces, making it impossible for Sherlock to hone in on anything else.
“Wait!” Sherlock’s voice echoed through the large cavern as he held his hands up at the great dragon before them. As though his hands could stop the creature. As though the giant monster would yield to the demands of a tiny human.
Thorin smirked. “Some would argue the same of us. Besides, you spouted off every failing he's had since birth, and brought to everyone's attention the guilt and anguish he lives with on a daily basis.”
John groaned inwardly. Sherlock's skin was so soft, so warm and smooth, despite the time spent in the wild. He would have to keep his whits about him if he intended to keep this interaction professional. Surely it would not be wise to take advantage of Sherlock's injured state. Then again, how could he possibly expect to keep his hands clinical and help Sherlock bathe without touching every inch of skin he could reach?
Sherlock smiled, letting his eyes soften as he gazed into John's. Tilda, apparently deciding this was a good time to take her leave, hopped off the bench and scurried off to find more blankets.
John chuckled, ducking his head and dropping his gaze. Sherlock was surprised when the doctor turned and met his gaze again, setting a hand on Sherlock's knee.
They stood a few moments longer, staring intently at one another, both refusing to move.   John's gaze kept shifting from Sherlock's face to the solid form of Sherlock's chest, perfectly accentuated by his wet white tunic.
Although, John had killed a man to save his life shortly after they had first met. Perhaps it was not so uncommon to love so fiercely so soon.
“In the fountain?” John queried, and as if in response there was a loud splash and an angry shout from the far side of the fountain.
John shook the thought away. He glanced at Sherlock from the back of his pony and grinned. He really did look ridiculous, all long awkward limbs hanging from a creature that by all rights shouldn't be able to carry such a tall man so carelessly. Though, as Sherlock kept reminding John, they were in a fanfic. John wasn't entirely sure what exactly that meant, only that they were in some kind of story, written by a woman, and somehow, it was fictional. John didn't feel fictional. He felt quite real, thank you very much. And frankly, so did Sherlock. Particularly when he was beneath John, breathing labored, lips slightly parted.... John shook his head again as he heard chuckling from in front of him. He furrowed his brow and watched as Nori gave Sherlock a lascivious wink. What was... oh. John had been staring at Sherlock intensely for the last several minutes, and clearly Nori had noticed. Did Nori know? Well, so what if he did. John really didn't much care.
“Oh for God's sake John, just answer the question. Adorable as it is to see you stutter and blush, I really need an answer.”
Sherlock looked down at himself. He was wearing that dark purple shirt he so loved. The one that always made John do a double take. He had no idea how it got there, but figured it had something to do with the author's obvious obsession with him. The top two buttons of the shirt were undone, revealing the porcelain skin of Sherlock's firm chest.
Three days. They had been traveling with the company of Thorin Oakenshield for three days. Sherlock had figured out most everything he could about their companions without actually talking to them. Thorin Oakenshield was a displaced royal, destined to be king of the kingdom of Erebor. His story was a sad one, full of despair and turmoil. Clearly, he was the dark, brooding, handsome hero who just needed to be reminded he had a tender heart.
“Don't think I haven't noticed you, lurking in the shadows where you think no one can see,” Sherlock said with a smirk.
“Sod this. Sod this, sod you and... fuck off!” With that overdone slew of angry profanity, John stormed off in fury.
It was no surprise to John, when he reached his room to find Sherlock sitting on his bed, leaning against the headboard, ankles crossed, hands behind his head. He never moved as John changed into his pajamas, face staring vacantly at the ceiling. Sherlock shifted over as John got into bed, finally fixing his eyes on the doctor.
“Would you rather I had to heat your bathwater over an open fire before I could fill the tub for you?”
The Plot thickens! Sherlock is not impressed. But I hope you are! And yes. I do poke fun at myself in this chapter as well.
Tauriel. The guard was running, sprinting, down the river back, taking out every orc in her path, her eyes picking Kili out after every kill. She was intent on keeping him from harm. Any orc who targeted him was quickly eliminated.
Mary sat on the sofa, curled up with a steaming cup of tea and in her warm fluffy slippers when John came into the room.
“Yes. Yes, he was… he was but now… I can’t believe- Can’t even-” he grew impatient with the buttons of his shirt and yanked at them, sending them flying every which way.
“We can help,” John declared, “find food, hunt... things,” the doctor's response sounded uncertain as he realized he wasn't really sure what kind of things there would be to hunt in this strange world.
Were he and Sherlock “dating”? Where they a couple? Would Sherlock even be open to or capable of having a relationship with someone? Would he even want to? John hoped so. He had been waiting for Sherlock for a very long time, convinced the man was incapable of love. It didn't take long for John to realize that was not the case, but he had never been too sure how deep Sherlock's regard for him went. Even now, after they had shared in moment of passion, (when had John ever thought of it that way? How strange), and after Sherlock had taken the time to come and apologize to John, something he had NEVER done in the past, John still had his reservations. How could he be sure Sherlock truly cared for him? How could he ever really know? After all, Sherlock was an amazing actor.
Sherlock was disgusted. He was many things; tired, hungry, probably pretty smelly, but he was also very disgusted. Tauriel and Kili had flirted and bantered the entire way to the elven kingdom, which Sherlock had no idea the name of, or if it had a name, and that was probably because the author had had so many strawberry margaritas, she couldn't really think straight. But that is besides the point. Beside. Was beside the point. Is? Was? Not the point.
“I have no idea,” Sherlock answered. His head snapped around at the sound of something coming through the forest. He shoved John back into the bush and slid behind a tree as a group of short, thick, human looking creatures came trudging through the brush.
John was grateful. Grateful she had gone, so he could sit and stare at his flat mate, without having to pretend he wasn’t. Without having to block out the droning noise of people talking. It was too much. Too noisy. Too messy.
Sherlock followed the moonlit path out through the back garden. He kicked at the rocks that littered the ground, frustrated with his situation. He thought about how he would bring up the subject with John again, and felt maybe this time, John would be more open to seduction. After all, near death experience often led to lowered inhibitions, much like alcohol consumption.
Sherlock followed Nori's gaze to where Thorin was strolling through the moonlit garden, Bilbo's hand in the crook of his elbow. Sherlock frowned. “How did he do that?”
John's breath stuttered lightly. He could hardly stand to look at Sherlock. Dark hair curling and framing his face carelessly, icy blue eyes leveling that burning stare straight through him. Sherlock arched a graceful brow, and John couldn't help his gaze dropping to those tempting lips as the detective's tongue flicked out to wet them.
John's eyes were closed, head tilted slightly back as he let the water soothe him. His eyes snapped open at the sound splashing as Sherlock entered the river. His breath caught and his heart doubled pace at the sight of Sherlock, pale skin nearly luminescent in the light of the moon, water caressing him up to his prominent hip bones and thin waist, surprising muscle flexing as Sherlock waded in deeper. John tried not to whine out loud as more and more of that alabaster skin disappeared under the water's surface.
“Sherlock,” John's hands found Sherlock's face and he gently pulled him up from where he had been panting into John's skin.
John stifled a giggle. The glare Sherlock threw him did nothing to help him hold in his mirth, and he snorted lightly into his hand.
John's lips quirked into a grin as he climbed under the covers. He shivered as Sherlock lifted the blanket to crawl in next to him.
Sherlock shifted his legs slightly so the waistband would catch around his knees. He looked back at John mischievously, and the doctor took the challenge. John dropped to one knee, trying to ignore the sharp intake of breath as his face brushed against the skin of Sherlock's outer thigh. He leaned down and finished removing Sherlock's pants, then grabbed one foot and lifted, pulling it free, before doing the same for the other.
“It's still warm. Now let me help you with your shirt,” John's voice was low and soft, and Sherlock wondered if this was how he would talk to a lover, an unsettling thought, as this was not usually the way Sherlock thought at all.
Oh. He was going to act out of character too. Fantastic. His legs were far too shaky, his vision blurred by highly unnecessary tears. He leaned against the side of the tub and slowly slid down to sit on the cold stone floor.
"More or less," she said. "Dad's been glad to have me back, anyway. And I'll bet it's a lot less stressful than working with this Sherlock Holmes nutter of yours." She gave him a waggling-eyebrows kind of look, hoping for the dish. His stomach clenched and he hid his frown behind his glass.
I couldn’t move along, so I bought it. I stood a little way away from the shop, smoking innocently, while I watched my gentleman go inside the shop he’d been lingering at. He didn’t come out again, so I decided he was known here and would have to look into it further. I noted the name and number of the shop and turned for home.
The flat was chilly and bland, and John hurried to turn on the shower and heat up the bathroom before he undressed. He stared at his unoccupied bed, his characterless furniture, his limp blinds. This place was shit. At least at Baker Street, there was noise and life and no commute. And Sherlock. He wondered if he had taken Mrs Hudson up on her offer of the upstairs bedroom right away, whether they'd have slept together at all. Probably. Probably sooner than they had, really.
The narrator and the ward moved on from manual stimulation to oral, and had begun to gamahuche each other in an ambitious-sounding
Now convinced there was hope for me, I still didn't know how to proceed. He was grieving the loss of his wife, and at the same time admitted to being unsettled by my return. We fought; he was more raw than I'd seen him before. He almost moved out again, but I begged him to stay. I imagine that was the first time I let him see how much I needed him in my life.
Sherlock did finish his waffle, right down to licking the jam off the paper wrapper. Then they parted ways, somewhat reluctantly; it was much closer for John to go home, now, rather than go back to Baker Street. It would have been ridiculous. Sherlock got into a cab and didn't look back. John took the Tube home.
"Fine," Sherlock said, and pulled hard, making all the snaps come undone at once. He pushed the coat off John's shoulders. "I didn't have a plan. It was pure sentiment. I didn't think you'd ever consent to cook for me."
"That was Harry," John protested, although he knew better than to talk back to the judge's table. Besides, Harry had done a nice job with the cous-cous; he hadn't thought it was dry at all. What was wrong with him? He shut his mouth. Harry gave him a wounded look.
felt different. Holmes looked at me differently: although I couldn't identify what was different about it. He looked fond, and sly, and sometimes a little disappointed. Perhaps he always looked at me like that.
I scratched my own fingernails in the hair at his groin, gently, touching the base of his prick almost accidentally with the V of my thumb and forefinger. He pressed his hips up into my hand, whining softly in my ear, until I took pity on him and closed my hand around the column of his cock. The sigh that came from deep in his chest was most gratifying. It had been such a long time, weeks, since I’d held him like this.
I left Baker Street and went to my brother's. Not directly, of course. Upon my escape from the house, I went immediately around the corner and down the Marylebone Road. I thought I heard Watson calling my name behind me; I ignored it. The street was still crowded, for it was just after midnight on a Friday, and I lost myself in the arms of humanity as I thought and overthought.
They tighten at my touch and a sharp breath escapes him. There were so many things I thought I knew about him before we became lovers, and so many new, delightful things I learned when he finally fell into my bed. Things I would have never guessed, could never have imagined. How he spreads his legs and gives in to my whims at a caress here, for instances. His knees bend and he arches, making room for my hand.
John bit the inside of his cheek. He shook his head. "No," he said. "We're opening a restaurant. I thought that was obvious."
The realisation that he had just come, untouched, as I’d entered him, all over the back side of his beautiful linen apron, set my blood afire. All from a good tonguing. I took hold of his shoulder and managed half a dozen deep thrusts before I reached my peak. I pressed him hard to the worktop and fucked him through it in short, sharp thrusts, while he groaned and grabbed for my hip.
I slammed the bedroom door in his face and threw off my nightclothes. My shirt from the night before was still wet, so I found something slightly cleaner, and was able to put myself into some kind of respectable form in a few minutes. Lestrade was having a cup of coffee when I emerged, but he set it down half-drunk as I put on my overcoat and my hat. We didn’t speak until we were in the carriage on the way to the Yard.
I found myself fixated upon the notion. I began to watch him when he wasn't looking, studying his face, his mouth in particular. I looked for signs that he might be open to the suggestion that we reenact our wedding night, or even improvise upon it. Just because I suspected him of having an invert's soul didn't mean he would by necessity be attracted to
"Consider me warned," John said. A kiss would have suited him nicely, too, but that was definitely out of the question. He stood up and opened the office door to lead Sherlock out.
When they had sent everyone home, Sherlock cobbled together what hadn't been ruined by the fire extinguisher into a passable supper and ushered John upstairs. They sat in the arm chairs in the sitting room, opposite one another in comfortable silence.
I took off again, chasing the dark figure for all I was worth. The quicker I caught the scoundrel, the sooner I could be back at Holmes's side. I had a suspicion about what was wrong; it had been the subject of one of our recurring rows, and that it affected his work now would only lend weight to my argument. My heart pounded in my chest, and the cold air nipped at my face even as the rest of me grew warm with activity. I could no longer see my quarry, but I could just hear him, his feet slapping the pavement as he ran. But the hesitation had cost me, and the sound quickly faded as the fog swallowed him up. I stopped to listen and knew, even before I could hear over my own heartbeat in my ears, that I had failed. Holmes was intimate with every crevasse and corner of these streets, but I had not made the same study. I could not catch our runaway, and if I went in too deep there was a chance I would never get out again alive.
"I am trying to help you," I said, pointing a finger at him. "You refuse it for no reason except your own damn stubbornness."
He smiled, his eyes crinkling. I wished it were daytime, so that I could admire the blue of them. "Well," said he, "I'm glad to be of service."
I was only too happy to oblige, rearranging the blankets over my shoulders and sliding down his body to kneel between his thighs. I stuck my middle finger in my mouth, tasting the salt wetness of his pre-ejaculate, and once it felt sufficiently slicked, pressed it against his fundament. I took his cock in my other hand, relishing his groan, and bent my head as I eased my finger in.
His fingers are rubbing against the band of my drawers. I swallow hard and slide one leg up, planting my heel on the bed and spreading my thighs apart in invitation. My cock feels heavy and thick, long neglected. I start to laugh at the thought that it has been two centuries since the last time I had an orgasm.
"Oh," he said, and protested no more. Instead he set to nibbling at my ear and throat, which always sets my blood afire.
Everything changes after the incident in the Underground tunnels. The train car we have absconded with runs wild, crashes through a brick wall, and slides straight into the Thames. Lestrade and I escape as the car goes down, but the droid’s weight pulls it under the surface in an instant.
Half his attention was, genuinely, still on the bread. I could detect no obvious change in it from moment to moment, but of course he has always been more observant than I. He loves details and trifles. And I love to distract him.
John shrugged at him, smiling, and Sherlock smiled back. It had been like this with Harry, once upon a time; just the two of them in their shared apartment after university, cooking together, comparing notes, making things up. Sure, he was following Sherlock's lead, but Sherlock trusted him to do it right, the way he expected, and that was comforting in a forgotten way. At Fifth Northumberland, he'd had to justify every decision, oversee every dish, supervise every move made by every chef in the place. That was again going to be his fate, but for now, with Sherlock humming to himself as he worked and the heat of the kitchen warming his blood, it was all right.
"A couple of biscuits, too," she said, indicating them.  "Sherlock, dear, your kitchen's an absolute wreck, and I don't think I need to remind you—"
“We really ought to get a contractor in here,” John said, wiping his face with the crook of his elbow. His shirt sleeves were only rolled halfway up his arms. “Get this setup checked out, see if we need to route any of the electricity or gas lines.”
We sank, entwined, back into the bath. It was still warm. Enveloped in comfort, we rested, silent, breathing together. I tingled all over with pleasure; aftershocks darted up my thighs. Watson's chin was hooked over my shoulder, his arms around my middle.
likely was a pragmatic mutual decision to secure our shared assets and reputation. I had made a great deal of money off telling his stories while he was away, and he was now reaping the benefits as well. We shared the rent, we shared the furniture, so we might as well share the risk. It made perfect sense for us to tie it up legally, and I supposed getting married was the most expedient way.
“Good,” Sherlock said, turning around suddenly, “because we’re going for one.” He looked John up and down. “You’ll have to do for now, but you really should start keeping some clothes here.”
Sherlock obliged, getting in behind him, and once the shower curtain was safely closed, Sherlock gathered John in his arms to kiss him again. He turned so that John was shielded from the spray, taking the brunt of it on his shoulders, and John muttered, "Oi!" into his mouth. He felt Sherlock grin.
John left them where they lay and turned away from the kitchenette. He crossed the few steps to the bed and put both hands over his face. He was fucking useless. His hand would never be the same. He'd never be able to cook the way he used to. His career as a chef, as the one actually making the food, was over. Management was the next logical step. Wasn't it? Was it what he wanted? What were his other options? Sit around in this crappy flat and stare at the brick wall? Wait until Harry had quit the booze—for good this time—and carry on with her? He couldn't strike out on his own. Sherlock Holmes was his best bet.
Harry didn’t protest, this might be the last time John was ever near her willingly if he found out.  “No.” She told him after he stepped back, he seemed satisfied with the work of the A and E doctor.
Sherlock was sure he was about to bring up the previous night when a noise that sounded suspiciously like a crash came from the kitchen. “Do you think that wise?” He asked.
It was nearly three in the morning and Harry couldn't sleep. Hadn't been able to get even some much as twenty minutes with her eyes shut.
Sherlock sent him a photo of the tidied up kitchen sink as John walked back to his room. He’d lingered downstairs longer than it necessarily took him to finish his dinner.
“Well, what do you have?” Sherlock demanded impatiently even though he hadn’t bothered to spare his brother a glance.
Moran was the only Brit but there had also been a Frenchman, two Germans, a Canadian and one other American besides Cole.
John lugged the Christmas box down from the storage room next to Willa’s and she squealed loudly at the sight. She would not be deterred from the idea that they had to put up the tree
“This can’t be casual, Sherlock. If we go into this I have to know you’re willing to aim for long term. I normally wouldn’t ask this after one date and a handful of kisses but we’re different than that. You already know Willa which means she’ll be affected by our entire relationship start to finish. She doesn’t even know I’ve dated since she was born. I’d rather end it now than just be… I don’t know, an itch you scratch or an experiment, whatever. I won’t do casual like that because she will be affected.”
As if on cue Sherlock called out to him and when John stuck his head in the living room to answer he could see Teddy squirming on Sherlock’s chest.
It was in Kazan, Russia that Sherlock saw Mycroft for the first time in five years. Mycroft was in the country smoothing ruffled feathers and Sherlock was slowly eviscerating a group of weapons smugglers.
Once inside, where it was less crowded, he set her down again. Just as he did a text from John came through.
The other man chuckled. “Yes. I spent three weeks after her birth convinced it was only stained red.”
Sherlock was glad his phone was in hand and surreptitiously took a few pictures of Willa and one of John. Willa’s face of pure delight was rivaled only by the look of adoration on John’s as he watched her. They were both breathtaking and his heart fluttered almost uncomfortably in his chest.
Sherlock whirled around to face him. “How do you not understand? We are in a fictional story written by an imaginative and bored woman who clearly thrives on drama and romance. Who knows what she will decide to subject us to!! A wizard is about all that could possibly save us now!”
He’s there. But he couldn’t be there. John couldn’t propose with Sherlock’s ghost hovering. But then, this did not look like the Sherlock he knew. This Sherlock was thinner, his face gaunt, blue eyes dimmer, and he seemed……. broken. John got to his feet, didn’t even hear Mary saying his name, and he slowly took a step closer.
He grabbed John by the hand and pulled him into a kiss. When they finally separated, they were both a bit breathless, a fact that Sherlock thought was perhaps a bit overkill.
Thorin gave John a dark look. “You've stolen my victory. But you have managed to save us all. Why don't you and Sherlock stay in Erebor with us?”
“Judging by the blatant misunderstandings, mild angst, and sexual tension between our leader and that little hobbit, I would say it is safe to deduce that this author is a Thorin/Bilbo shipper. In which case, Bilbo Baggins is about to find Thorin naked or mostly naked in the river,” Sherlock answered, quickly scanning the river they were walking alongside.
“You... you are very important to me. I needed to tell you that. That and, I am very fond of you, John. I know my actions of late probably have not been very convincing, but I assure you, you mean more to me than a quick orgasm in the river.”
“Let’s go,” John helped Mary into her coat before nearly dragging her from the restaurant and heading home.
“Clearly the writer is obsessed with Martin Freeman, who portrays both Bilbo Baggins and John Watson. That is why you are both here,” he stated, looking from John to Bilbo, who had settled in at John's side. The similarity was uncanny, and Sherlock couldn't believe nobody else had put it together.
Sherlock shook the feeling and folded the blue sweater over his arm. Perhaps Beorn would have tea he could offer John.
Love. There was that word again. Partially, it made Sherlock want to gag. But then again, it did tug at something long forgotten in his chest.
John chuckled. “Me too.” He rolled over and curled into Sherlock's side, and soon he began to snore softly.
He approached John, who now stood facing him, arms crossed over his chest like a protective armor, jaw clenched and eyes wary.
Sherlock grinned. “You're blushing. You're fidgeting and looking everywhere but at me, which indicates the subject for some reason makes you uncomfortable, or at least uncomfortable to talk about with me, therefore it can't be 'nothing'.”
By the time he was finished washing Sherlock's back, John was feeling quite a bit more in control. Until the detective laid himself back, letting his arms rest at his sides and raising a brow up at the doctor. Sherlock glanced quickly down at his chest, then back to John in an obvious request for John to continue.
“Oh come now, John, I know for a fact you have been thinking along the same lines for days,” Sherlock frowned.
It had been three more months. Six months since Sherlock’s death, and John had finally decided to try. He put on his shoes and threw on a jacket, no destination in mind other than “out”. He walked down the stairs and let himself out into the cold morning air. He wandered without thought for several hours, realizing part way in he was revisiting all the notable places he and Sherlock had investigated cases together.
Dance classes? Oh really, of all the flights of female fancy! Him, in a dance class? Though he did look rather fetching in a pair of tights- “Sherlock!” John's voice rang through the cocoon as the doctor pulled the white material from Sherlock's face. He reached out and took Sherlock's hand, helping him to his feet.
“Well done, Mr. Holmes,” Bilbo's voice chimed from the cell next to his. Sherlock freed the hobbit, then proceeded to free the other company members, finally coming to John's cell. He met the doctor's admiring gaze with a shy grin.
John huffed in annoyance. “Kili is a good kid! And- and she is gorgeous. Come on Sherlock, even you could see that. I'm happy for them!”
John grinned at the scene. “Well Sherlock, I believe we should try to catch a wink before everything goes to hell around here.”
“No,” Sherlock gently shook his head from John's grasp, “it is alright John. Just,” he swallowed, licking his lips before raising his eyes to look at John directly. “Would you please help me into the bath?”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice held no surprise, and he raised an eyebrow as the shorter man struggled again to speak.
“We’re in a fic! Sherlock said there’s always oil!” John began scrabbling at the nightstand desperately. “Aha!” He pulled a vial from the stand and quickly pulled the stopper.
“Get Bilbo!!!” John shouted, even as Thorin grabbed the hobbit by the hand and yanked him to his feet.
Thranduil's grasp of his temper wavered a bit. He slapped the armrest as he yelled. “This is MY kingdom! You HAVE no rights unless I decide so!”
The journey to shore had been amusing to say the least. Sherlock and John didn't seem to have much trouble, but many of the dwarves did. Ori had gotten caught up in the current, and it took every ounce of Dwalin's strength to pull him in. Meanwhile, Bilbo had gotten stranded on a barrel, and Thorin nearly lost his mind trying to get to him. That may have had something to do with the fact that Bilbo had taken that moment to confess to Thorin that he couldn't swim. In any case, they all found themselves once again on solid ground, freezing cold and dripping wet.
“John?” How had he managed to pull up his trousers with wet legs? Oh. He was suddenly dry. Except his hair. Of course.
With that, John walked off in the direction of the company, an air of utter disappointment hanging around him like a cloud.
Sherlock laughed, Thorin chuckling along with him. Bilbo and John looked up at the unfamiliar sound, eyes wide and mouths agape.
John snapped his mouth shut, shaking his head a bit. He closed his eyes, trying to gather his thoughts. When he opened them, he was surprised to find Sherlock directly in front of him, so close he could see the water running in rivulets from Sherlock's curls.
“Sherlock, you have laid in thought, unmoving for nearly a full day now. You need to eat and sleep, and Lord knows you should have a bath,” John ordered.
“Aye,” a voice grumbled from Sherlock's other side. Dwalin shifted so he was facing the other two and set his hand on his knee. “I saw it too.” He shifted his eyes around the trees surrounding them on all sides. “We aren't alone.”
“I’m glad you like it,” John began. He cleared his throat pointedly and looked up at her, determination in his eyes. “Mary, there is something that I-” John froze as he glanced up. Did a double take over Mary’s shoulder.
“You were recently sliced open by a filthy beast and you haven't eaten more than a few mouthfuls in several days. Of course you are weak and in pain you fool,” John answered irritatedly.
“Sherlock,” John began softly, taking the detective's chin into his hand. “It's not alright. I left you here, injured, on the floor, by yourself, because I was having an emotional outburst for no reason.”
“Certainly not. Someone may be injured, allowing for the popular hurt/comfort relationship of one or both pairings, but no. I do not have any reason to believe any of us will actually die.”
“Displaced and wandering. Sounds familiar,” John muttered. “So this Gandalf person. What is he like?”
Fili and Kili were Thorin's nephews. They were young, according to their race, and though they were both energetic mischief makers, they were also quite different.
John scrubbed at his face. “I would be. I would be, if he hadn’t- If- If I hadn’t spent-” John groaned and stormed into the bathroom and slammed the door.
“Sorry,” Sherlock replied, insincerity plain in his tone. He turned to John with an impish grin, and John rolled his eyes in response.
“What's going on?” John's voice startled Sherlock just a bit as the doctor came to stand at his side.
John shook himself mentally and stood, rendered slightly dizzy by his sudden change in position, and the fact that Sherlock now stood completely bare hardly an inch in front of him.
That was a bit of an odd request. Sherlock had said John's name loads of times. Was it really so erotic? Sherlock really wasn't of the mind to do anything that would make John stop, and so he decided to humor him. “John?” Sherlock's questioning voice was thick with arousal, and apparently John found it acceptable, because he continued kissing down Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock looked at John, a large grin still plastered on his face. John couldn't help but to smile back, meeting those pale blue eyes.
The thought was shattered from Sherlock's mind when he felt John begin to push into him. The burning stretch was minor, and paled in comparison to the delicious fullness of John inside him, against him. The feel of his heartbeat against Sherlock's chest, the warmth of his body, the drag and pull as he slowly thrusted, in and out, pressing in deeper each time.
The company left Beorn's with a general heaviness weighing on them. It was comforting to know they would be on their way, and closer to the mountain, but the warmth and safety of the shape shifters cottage would be sorely missed. Nobody was too keen on going back to everyone chasing and trying to kill them. Not that John was complaining. At least, not out loud.
No, he wanted to say. Of course I’m not listening. Sherlock is…… and there is nothing, nothing else that matters. “I’ll think about it,” he said instead.
Sherlock lifted his eyes again, now rocking back on his own fingers, to watch as John stroked the lube onto his cock.
Jessica pulled her bottom lip in between her teeth and Mycroft sighed, that would be a no then. “Why?”
John been so hurt and devastated when he found out what she’d done that he’d hidden himself away at Baker Street for months. Sherlock hadn’t been happy during that time but he had believed their marriage was over, until John announced he needed to give it an actual try.
“Run Miss Watson’s bank records, please.” He instructed suddenly more angry than he could remember having been in a very long time.
Sherlock would have welcome his brother’s smugness for the next decade over having found something out before Sherlock if it meant they would have Willa back tonight.
Willa had been born three weeks early. Not early enough she was at any real risk but early enough the doctors wanted them to stay an extra day to make sure she didn’t develop any complications.
As if to prove to John just how clever she was Willa began reading a few weeks after her fourth birthday. John had not been in the slightest bit prepared for this, after all he’d been seven by the time he realized it might do him well to figure reading out. After a brief meltdown which had lead to him calling Greg before seven a.m. John learned a few things.
John opened his mouth and allowed Sherlock to pop it in. “What I want,” he said after swallowing. “is something terrible and greasy.”
Sherlock did not disappoint. He ran his tongue precisely from the top to the bottom, stopping just short of John’s perineum. His tongue teasing passed over the ring of muscles and John’s hand twitched around the sheets in an effort not to shiver. Sherlock worked his tongue back to the muscle and gently circled it.
John felt he did well on Monday, he only texted Sherlock during the break for lunch. Of course he hadn’t actually had reception in the conference room they were all stuffed into, which he’d learned when he tried to text ten minutes after it started. He only spoke to Willa after she left school and before bed. John read to her that night after he found the play transcript online. Sherlock nearly fell asleep in bed with her.
“So, you just gave it to her?” John asked, incredulously. “You decided ‘oh to hell with, John’ and just gave it to her?”
“John’s still at work.” Sherlock informed her as he searched the medicine cabinet for the thermometer.
“It’s mine.” John said after a few more moments, his face still effectively buried in Sherlock’s shirt.
Sherlock wondered if he’d ever stop counting. Maybe once they talked about whatever it was they needed to talk about.
Outside in the drive, which had been empty when they arrived, were the children’s gifts: two bicycles, a dirt bike, and a very gorgeous old fashioned pram.
The jogger passed them again and this time Sherlock turned to look at him. They made eye contact and instantly the man darted off towards the road, checking behind him once to look at them.
Mycroft took a few deep breaths and stood. Walking over to Gregory he leaned down and gently shook his shoulder. Gregory stirred just a bit, his eyes still closed.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. He had wanted to ask Sherlock to be Willa’s Godfather even though he knew the other man would have scoffed at the religious implications. He had wanted to watch Sherlock hold her for the first time while taking photos of the inevitable awkwardness that would ensue. He wanted the option to call Sherlock at two in the morning when Willa wouldn’t sleep because he knew the other man would be awake and would undoubtedly have some science based suggestion of calming a colicky baby.
Greg cleared his throat as John’s face was turning an alarming shade of red. Harry was doing a piss poor job of defending herself. Insulting John was a surefire way to get him, or Sherlock, to strangle her than it was to get them to see her side.
John had broken into a fit of hysterical giggles because, really, a list? A list would even begin to cover it. A file perhaps, or maybe a whole god damn filing cabinet.
Willa was eating supper when they got to Mycroft’s but she bounded from the table with a cry when she saw them.
Molly took a deep breath and went back up to her office. She took a moment to find the picture on her mobile of Willa holding Teddy when he was only a few days old and then she dialed John’s number from the office phone.
As they finished their beers John was already melting into Sherlock’s side, uncaring about the crowd the way he might have while sober.
John choked on the sip of whiskey he was trying to take. “Didn’t think that.” He gasped out between coughing fits.
“Yeah?” Greg asked, letting just the slightest bit of his irritation seep into his voice, he really didn’t have the time for asinine calls.
Willa darted into the house leaving John to carry in her backpack and overnight bag. She found Greg and Mycroft in the kitchen with what looked to be the beginning of a pizza between them.
It wasn’t that Sherlock was a man, it might have been years and years ago but John knew more than what to expect from that. It was the fact that Sherlock was
John slumped into his chair. “God damnit. There’s our only lead gone.” He dropped his head into his free hand.
Erik Wolfe startled at the blunt question. “No. I didn’t.” He ground out at the accusation, his fingers curling into fists.
“I assume you know what’s going on.” Sherlock said as he glared at the cabbie in the rearview mirror, silently urging him to go faster.
“One: You would be utterly dull if you gave in just because we were sleeping together. Two: I agree under the condition she is never allowed to call me your boyfriend. Partner should suffice.” Sherlock took a breath and then looked at John. “Three: I am promising you, I will end this.”
The next time he messaged was during lunch. Apparently, he’d been stuck back in the conference room with no reception for their final day. Sherlock didn’t try to bring up the previous night, John would be home later that afternoon and he could drag out whatever was bothering him then.
Despite the fact that Doctor Trayford had at least fifteen centimeters on John he took a step back, perhaps now realizing he’d made a mistake. “I apologize Doctor Watson I was unaware.”
The nurse seemed hesitant and she took a step back out of the room before opening her mouth to say something, no doubt to contradict him.
She shrugged and rose to stand behind Sherlock, who was still kneeling in front of John’s chair. He was now wrapping John’s right hand carefully.
“Yes, John, I would also like for you to stay a good doctor.”  Two possibilities:  John is concerned about the impact of his decision to shoot the cabbie or…
John could tell his pulse had picked up; he was almost certain what Sherlock was saying. Almost. His mind went blank for a few moments, circling around a childlike repetition of “he likes me, he likes me.” He tried to get Sherlock to meet his eyes, but Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on his glass. He very, very gently reached out one hand and placed it on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock inhaled quickly and looked up to meet John’s gaze. “Is this alright?” John asked. Sherlock placed his hand over John’s, and they interlaced their fingers. Sherlock smiled, not his usual secretive smirk, but an actual smile and said “Yes.”
John pulled back slightly, surprised. Ah, Sherlock thought, he was convinced of the answer, and that the answer was there had been no prior sexual activity of any kind. John looked away for a moment, studying the street outside the restaurant window. “Well, I guess the first question is whether you have had a sexual relationship. I only say that because it seems like if you have never had a friend before, you aren’t likely to have had some dating type relationship with someone.”
Sherlock had essentially always known that his mind did not process emotional connections in the same way others did. The “high functioning sociopath” label was not exactly accurate - a diagnosis from a time when Sherlock rather enjoyed verbally torturing care providers - but a good mystery had always had an appeal. Perhaps with some assistance from John he could solve some of the mysteries of his own life. He consciously matched John’s crooked smile from a few minutes ago and answered, “Let’s find out.”
John frowned slightly and made a “hmmmm” sound. After a moment to collect his thoughts, he said, “Well, Sherlock, I hate to give you bad news, but about half of that is not true. I am your friend. Or at least willing to be your friend. Do you not want that?  Does the idea of having a friend cause a problem for you?”
However, he had created a bit of a monster by encouraging John to ask questions. John said, “Well, if you don’t want to tell me, I’ll just reread the email and try to deduce it. And if you think you can beat me to it by deleting it, know that I printed it out so I would have the address for the house.”
John sipped his pint and thought. He knew this was a hard topic for Sherlock, and, although he couldn’t look at the wrinkles on Sherlock’s shirt and know his history (or look at his palm and tell the future, damn him for tricking him on that stupid comment), he had some pretty good ideas on why Sherlock was hesitant about the concept of friendship.
Sherlock nodded, and flagged their waiter. He was not sure how much additional discussion he could handle this evening, and thought most likely that one of his blood coagulation experiments in the refrigerator would be in need of some emergency microscopic examination, which would help to avoid re-living any one of those prior experiences.
John crossed his arms and looked at Sherlock. He was fairly sure that, by way of normal conversational rules, Sherlock should go next. He also was fairly sure that Sherlock was expecting a rude comment on his cat concerto, and John was not willing to play that game.
Surprisingly, Sherlock gave in first, turning his body to look at John without moving his hand positioning on the violin or bow. “What?”
“Of course, John.”  The car stopped, and John quickly got out, only to return to Baker Street hours later, frustrated at Mycroft, banks, the army, people walking down the street, and the fact that he could barely afford groceries.
“You could mean at least seven different things by that.” Sherlock’s bland expression did not convey much about his thoughts on those seven things.
Sherlock looked over towards John, who was trying a little too hard to keep his face neutral. He gave John an abbreviated version of the story, enough to to understand both the betrayal and to hint at an almost bigger question for Sherlock— that he had not been interested in touching David in that way.
“I need to understand more about what happened with the drugs bust in your— our flat. I asked you if there was anything to find and you didn’t answer. As a doctor I can help with a past history, but I don’t want to risk my medical license getting busted for drugs for someone I met 24 hours ago.”
Sherlock looked away again and said quietly, “No, I had someone I thought was my first friend betray me.”
Sherlock didn’t sleep much that night, as was his habit. He didn’t play violin either, which he would have liked to do. He did lie on the couch drifting in and out of sleep, thinking of John’s confession — it was clear it was a confession — that he might actually prefer a relationship with a man to one with a woman. Sherlock thought of the other sexual encounter he had not shared yet, a man from university who was probably the closest thing to an actual sexual relationship he had in his life. Jacob was also a smart loner, and Sherlock had been drawn to him immediately. Unlike with David, Sherlock was interested, and for the first time ever had actually masturbated to the thought of another person. He did not think he was as prone to sexual thoughts, fantasies or erections as his peers seemed to be, but he was not completely without a libido. He had just not connected his libido with interest in another person until Jacob. He could recall the first time he had kissed Jacob. Sherlock had actually initiated that. They were returning to the student dormitories from an evening talk by a visiting professor who had been nominated for a Nobel Prize in chemistry when Sherlock had taken his hand to pull him close. Jacob’s breathing quickened, and Sherlock had actually asked — not wanting to repeat David’s mistake— if he could kiss him. Jacob just moved forward into his personal space and kissed him. For the first time, that felt good. He wanted that from Jacob. They returned to Sherlock’s room and sat on his bed. Sherlock remembered touching his hair, and then being pressed into the mattress by Jacob’s body, feeling a hardness on his hips, pushing against him. For the first time, his body reacted to another’s touch, somewhat out of his control. He wondered about the propensity to invoke a deity’s name because he couldn't talk; he could only breathe and move. Jacob’s thrusting seemed timed with the movements of his mouth on Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock arched and came suddenly, unexpectedly. Jacob laughed, contentedly, then ground quickly against Sherlock’s hips and came as well. Sherlock quietly laid next to him, trying to figure out what to do as he became more aware of his stickiness. Neither of them seemed sure what to do afterwards.
Sherlock surfaced from his microscope and looked around for his tea, which had gone cold over two hours ago. Sherlock rather pointedly looked from his cup to John, and John had a flash of insight. “Did you really decide to look for a flatmate just so someone would make you tea?”
John laughed at Sherlock’s several attempts to tease him in that comment, and added, “I think it was also some twisted attempt to tell me not to hurt you.”
John was sympathetic. “Sherlock, I’m sorry if that hit too close to home. Do you not want to talk about it?”
“Fine. I used to use. I don’t now. I met Lestrade on a crime scene and helped him solve the case, but I was high. He wouldn’t let me near another crime scene until I got clean. So now he feels he can use that against me when he needs some leverage over me, like he did tonight.”
“No, but they do involve talking to people to see if they would be compatible for dates, and having sex after they seem at least somewhat...interested.”  John thought for a moment. “And I suppose they have to be somewhat interesting.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really? Please feel free to ask me something not quite as patently obvious.”
Sherlock resurfaced slowly, almost an hour later. He looked at the table in front of him, which was missing the dinner plates and John. He heard a rustle from the couch, and looked up to see John turning a page in a book and taking a sip of something — probably the Scotch Sherlock didn’t much care for. Sherlock slowly rose to his feet, and John looked up at him cautiously. John quietly said, “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’m not trying to push you.”
John had decided as he was buying groceries to actually cook something for the two of them. He still wasn’t sure what Sherlock would eat, since his eating habits, both his choices and his quantity, seemed more or less consistent with an average four-year-old. John thought a simple vegetable pasta dish with a salad should be fairly safe (and cheap). He had enough to do to keep him busy until he started making dinner, and pecked around on his laptop doing some research for the rest of the afternoon until his stomach started to grumble.
Two hours after leaving Baker Street for a nearby, perfectly serviceable pub that Sherlock had never set foot in, Sherlock had actually eaten one piece of fish, four chips, and had much of two pints. He had not eaten or drunk that much at a pub in several years. He told John the Mrs. Hudson story. He told several early crime scene stories (with a few deletions of details because John still seemed sensitive to some of his earlier years of drug use). And John was still interested in and, more surprisingly, had asked for more information on the people involved, the observations, and the science behind some of his deductions. Toxic metalloids featured prominently in one of the crimes, and John had asked several insightful questions about the neurological damage caused by exposure. Sherlock could not recall the last time he had talked to someone this much, and there was some chance that he had never talked with someone this much. If it had happened at all, he had either deleted it or he had been high, in which case the recipient of the information may or may not have been entirely conscious.
Towards noon, John announced he was running to the market and had some errands. He had not yet been able to have his allowance from his military pay deposited in the correct account. The day was unseasonably warm and sunny, so John pulled off his jumper and tossed it aside on the chair near the door as he walked out of the flat. Just in case, John grabbed his light jacket — this was London in early Spring — and headed to the bank. Sherlock listened to his footsteps down the stairs and heard the downstairs door close. He looked at John’s favorite jumper, thrown inelegantly in a pile on the chair. He sat up and walked over to the chair, reaching out slowly for the jumper. Bringing it up to his face, he pressed it firmly into his nose and cheeks, inhaling. Because it was a favorite to be worn mostly around the flat jumper, it was not frequently washed. It smelled of John’s shampoo, tea and a musky, somewhat sweaty maleness. Sherlock leaned slightly against the desk. He had not felt this physical urge to be close to another person in over a decade, and was not sure whether he wanted to listen to the very clear signals from his transport. Sherlock’s deduction skills did not extend to his own needs as precisely as they did to outside data. He never entirely understood if he did not attempt sexual relations, or even casual sex, because he didn’t actually need it to function quite well in his chosen lifestyle, or if he had just learned to deprive himself. He obviously needed to eat to survive, and had just trained his body to fast when he wanted to avoid the distractions of food. Sex was not as clearly a requirement as food. He put the jumper back in its place, and retreated to the couch to evaluate his...bloody hell...his feelings.
Sherlock grabbed the waist of his pants, pushing them down just slightly, so they rested stubbornly over his hipbones.
John nodded, still looking uncertain, and took a seat on the edge of the bed. He began working at the twine, untying the carefully done up knots until he could pull the paper free, revealing the gorgeous purple sweater inside.
Sherlock grinned, relishing the way the neckline hung loosely around one of John's shoulders, the hem hitting him barely at mid-thigh. “Yes. It looks better on you.”
John frowned. “A bit. Did it seem to you, and stop me if I sound crazy, that you could feel my hand feeling yours?”
John moved down toward the other end of the tub and finally managed to look at the task at hand, keeping his eyes on Sherlock's feet. He scrubbed them with clinical proficiency, careful to get between the toes, and worked up Sherlock's ankles. His heart was racing as he reached Sherlock's calves, and his hands shook slightly as he finished washing up to Sherlock's knees. He stopped there and held the cloth out to his friend, keeping his eyes averted.
Dwalin was Thorin's closest friend, the two had seen the fall of their kingdom together. Sherlock could tell they were close, but he was certain there were no romantic feelings involved there. Dwalin fit the bill for one who was in need of a good cry, or so a fic written by an overly emotional woman would insist.
John squeezed his eyes shut. No, no, he was supposed to be helping Sherlock bathe, not ogling him in the tub. John looked up again to find Sherlock's face just inches from his own. The detective's eyes were dark and heavily lidded, his pupils blown wide, reflecting the dancing firelight.
John frowned. So, it had happened. It had finally happened. Sherlock had lost his fucking mind. Though, to be fair, John had that thought several times in the past, and to be honest, Sherlock constantly seemed to lose his mind. So what did it matter really?
Love. What a foreign word. A foreign condition. A new territory to explore, and Sherlock was surprised to find it didn't scare him or disgust him one bit. Not with John.
Gandalf gave Sherlock that amused look that made the detective want to punch out his teeth. “Yes, well, the orc pack is still behind us. We will have to keep moving.”
A blazing pine cone flew past Sherlock's head, bouncing across the ground and catching the surrounding grass on fire. The closest wargs huffed and growled, backing away from the flame. Sherlock glanced around, amused when he spotted Gandalf lighting more pine cones aflame.
“You have been so very patient with me, with my idiocy. You are.... the most astounding, incredible, beautiful person I have ever met. I love you, John.”
Sherlock stood fuming, his back to a pillar in the great skin-changer's kitchen. Through the spectacle after they had landed, in which Thorin embraced Bilbo, all sunny eyed and horridly romantic, Sherlock had barely contained his anger. The moment the dwarf and hobbit had their moment, Sherlock had gone off on Gandalf, accusing him of leaving them to the goblins, then demanding an explanation as to why the eagles couldn't have taken them straight to Erebor themselves.
Smaug frowned. “You’re telling me a woman is deciding our fates? Is controlling everything here? All of us?”
“Sherlock! Here!” John responded, and Sherlock felt the weight lift off his chest. At least the good doctor was still alive. He whipped his head around, searching for his friend. What did catch his eye was a flash of red hair. The guard captain. Sherlock squinted and pulled his hair out of his eyes.
“Come here,” Sherlock urged, setting his hands on John's waist and pulled him in closer. He wrapped his arms around John and tucked his chin over his head.
“Oh, Sherlock! I'm so sorry, I forgot you're having so much trouble getting around. I never should have left you here alone!” John gushed as he helped Sherlock sit up.
John opened his eyes. Bright, gorgeous eyes stared back at him, lids heavy and hooded with arousal. A wet pink tongue darted out to moisten full, delicious lips.
“So does the author,” Sherlock muttered as another clap of thunder and stomp of a stone giant shook the mountain, knocking Sherlock off his feet.
“The author of this fic. Everything that happens is completely in their hands, and is utterly predictable. Boring.”
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock sighed and spun to face him. “Alright then, doctor. What is your suggested treatment?”
Sherlock smirked, quirking his brow. “That was most enlightening. You each reacted to the other as though what you were doing was being done to yourselves.”
Judging by the fact that most interactions over the last week had been between Thorin and Bilbo, and none of them had been good, Sherlock found it safe to assume the two of them were supposed to be the focus of this particular fic. He had seen Bilbo call Thorin out on his moodiness at least three times, and Thorin had called Bilbo “halfling” more times than that, which apparently was not a polite term for a hobbit. Bilbo had left every altercation with a most dejected and heartbreaking look on his face, one that Thorin happened to never notice.
“Yes, well, look, I think he's healed!” Sherlock quickly diverted attention back to the dwarf on the table.
Dori spent most of his active time nattering over his littlest brother Ori, who obviously had a crush on Dwalin. Of course, Dwalin had no idea. The match would be a good one, in the sense of fanfic, where the soft and tender hearted innocent book worm redeemed the gruff and calloused heart of an old warrior.
“Master Baggins,” Thorin addressed the hobbit, “we can not hope to feed two more, especially of their size. Besides,” Thorin turned back to Sherlock and John. “if you are not elves, then what are you? You're not wizards, are you?” Thorin was still skeptical.
John shot them a deer, and once he and Sherlock had managed to convince the dwarves they weren't demons sent to kill them with their loud magic metal weapon, they settled down around the fire, sharing a meal of deer and potatoes. The dwarves were enjoying themselves, telling stories and teasing each other light heartedly as the moon steadily rose.
“Oh. Why would it carry on for so long? If we want each other, can't we find another moment at some point later?”
Bilbo chuckled. “I don't think I could do him justice. You'll meet him soon enough. But your world. Will you tell me about it?”
“Say my name,” John whispered. He ran his tongue up the length of Sherlock's neck and nibbled at his earlobe.
“I will confer with Balin. If he agrees, then we will let you come with us.” The dwarf said no more and stalked off past Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock. No I am bloody well not alright!” John declared as he began pacing the length of the ridiculously clean bathroom. “I have been dragged around this god-forsaken place by dwarves, of all things, and then I watched a monstrous wolf pin you to the ground and slice you wide open, meaning to make a meal out of you. We've spoken to two people who I had been assured are of the wisest beings this side of Mirkwood and we still don't know how to get out of here!”
“Yes. Yes of course I will help you, Sherlock,” John responded, his voice a bit more gravely than usual.
It didn't matter. Not when the sunlight was shining off of the graying golden strands of John's hair and sparkling against the pale luminescence of his eyes.
Sherlock sighed. He supposed there were worse ways this could have ended. And it felt like maybe there would be more to add later.
“Is that so?” Thranduil grinned evilly. “And did you consider getting the king's permission to travel on The King's Road in order to pass through?” he asked impatiently.
They found themselves in a small grouping of trees, panting and grateful to have escaped at all. Bombur and Balin collapsed on the ground, sprawling out to try to catch their breath. The rest of them leaned on tree trunks or braced their hands on their knees, breaths heaving and adrenaline rapidly dropping off.
“I just find it annoying that with all the inability to figure out electricity or even simple hygiene, Middle Earth has indoor heated plumbing. This is absolutely ridiculous!”
It was interesting, shortly after midnight, when Sherlock finally gave up any pretense of sleep and rose from his bedroll (what even was a bedroll? A big blanket? Why didn't they just call it that?) and found a beautifully knit sweater folded and set at the foot of his cot. (Cot? Wasn't that just a bedroll on the floor? Had he slept on a cot all night? Then how did he end up waking in a bedroll?) Sherlock was getting quite fed up with the inconsistencies that were occurring daily at this point, but he figured he had best take the sweater for what it was. A gift. One he could give John, who would undoubtedly act favorably to it, considering it was John's favorite color.
Not to mention the entire mountainside had decided to get up and begin a dodge ball match using boulders.
What the fuck? How had time skipped so terribly? What was she doing?! Were the last chapters of this fic an absolute joke?! Sherlock shook his head.
So sorry for the long break. I recently started working full time again, and completely renovating my house. Needless to say, time to write is in very very short supply. Bare with me, I would never drop a fic, but it may take me quite some time to finish. I hope this chapter of giggles and ridiculousness makes up for it just a pinch.
“Help!” Kili's voice called from somewhere off to the left. The left of who? They weren't all facing the same direction. Why the hell did Sherlock seem to hear the narration of this bullshit in his head?
“What, that I would be sitting here like an abandoned dog waiting for you to return? That I would want to stay here after seeing you dead on the pavement? That I would want to look around here every day for the rest of my life, seeing your ghost, your shadow haunting my every waking moment?! Is it really that surprising to you that I would want to get away from that? To leave it behind and try…” John rubbed at his face, his emotions getting the better of him. “Try to move on.”
“So, Sherlock,” John said softly, leaning closer to the consulting detective, “what do you make of this? Are- are we dreaming? Or is this some sort of simulation happening in our heads? It can't possibly be real.”
So the old man wasn't completely useless after all. Sherlock watched the wizard juggle the pine cones. His fingers should be burnt. Why wasn't he burning his fingers? The pine cones were on fire for Christ's sake. And the dwarves caught them as though they were nothing. Dwarves were miners. Perhaps they didn't feel heat like a man did? That was preposterous.
John threw his hand to his mouth in an attempt to smother his loud guffaws, but Sherlock was not fooled. The corner of the detective's mouth quirked up in a grin, and he gave John a mischievous look.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Constant inconsistencies. She's clearly drunk, sleep deprived, or both. She doesn't even know what's going on.”
Sherlock looked down at John. There was the other reason he was sure they were in some kind of romantic fanfic. John had never looked more beautiful. Sherlock had always loved John, sure, but here? For some reason, he couldn't keep his mind off his friend for more than a moment. Romantic feelings were not something he usually got, and he had been nearly drowning in them the last couple days.
John moved out of 221B. He couldn’t look Sherlock in the eye after that night. He couldn’t move past the shame of what he’d done. He had brought himself off in Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock, who was gone. It was completely inappropriate. His best mate was…. Sherlock was… Gone. And John had tainted his memory by wanking in his bed.
John had long since stopped listening, his focus entirely on the man who stood between them. Sherlock hadn’t moved since Mrs. Hudson had arrived, standing stock still, eyes intensely focused on John’s and face in a mask of curiosity.
For goodness sake, how predictable. The hobbit would overhear this, and the dwarf would be all brooding about it, and Bilbo would want to reassure him. Convince him that he didn't see Thorin that way, that obviously Elrond didn't know him, etcetera etcetera. Probably Bilbo would chase Thorin down after the dwarf ran off- oh! There they went. They'd be snogging in a hallway within a minute.
“Anything, Sherlock. What do you need?” The overdone concern was nauseating, but Sherlock would take it.
Sherlock nodded. “Makes sense. Though I would think they should have at least been wary of being hit with it. It's a bit heavy.”
“Come on John, you know this is the most logical solution. I have to be able to think straight to figure out how to get us out of here.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Makes no difference. Still a lot of hair, a lot of teeth, and a horrid wet dog smell.”
It was at the very last moment that Bilbo managed to spot the key hole in the light of the moon. He stood to the side as Thorin pushed open the door into the mountain, opening the way into his kingdom. His birthright. His home.
Kili frowned, before his eye was drawn to the sight of their uncle, standing upon a mountain of gold.
John watched the blond elf perched on his ornate throne. He couldn't help but be reminded of a certain somebody, all long lines and arrogant smirks. Flawless, pale skin. Eyes like blue ice. John couldn't help but stare. He watched as Thranduil sneered down his nose at Thorin, who stood in the front of the company scowling pointedly at the elf, chin held high.
It was beautiful. Never had Sherlock been so awestruck by another. He sank his hands into John's hair and pulled him down to kiss him, devouring him with lips and tongue.
John stopped, giving Sherlock that look that meant John was currently wondering if indeed his dearest friend was quite mad.
Sherlock sighed, taking a seat next to John. “I'm trying to tell you... that I'm sorry. Which is...” Sherlock glanced at the ceiling and shook his head, “very difficult for me.” His eyes met John's. They were a sea of blue, vast and deep and...... ugh. Why all the poetics? His eyes were blue and Sherlock was quite fond of them. The author's need to set such a ridiculously romantic tone was starting to wear on Sherlock's nerves. He cleared his throat and tried to continue.
Thorin stood before his mighty foe, Fili and Kili flanking him on either side. He glared dangerously at the pale orc, adjusting his grip on the handle of Orcrist.
After everyone greeted each other, Harry and Sherlock remaining cordial but icy as ever, they went inside.
When he finally got his fill of the scar he moved to the other side. He kissed and licked and sucked his way down John’s back until John was certain there really wasn’t a centimeter he hadn’t tasted. John was half hard by this point and floating. It was nice, not necessarily erotic but intimate and romantic in a way only Sherlock could pull off.
