Bucky chuckles lightly, and cup his face. Pulling Sam into a long soft kiss on his lips. They then pull apart slowly, Bucky rest his forehead against Sam’s forehead. Sam then pulls down his blindfold, where it hangs around his neck. Sam looks up and he locks eyes with Bucky, earning a smirk from Bucky. Bucky then leans forwards for another kiss, which Sam happily kissed back. Sam felt like the world was spinning for him, he felt butterflies in his stomach and heard fireworks in his head.
“So, what did you want to tell me?” Bucky asked him.
Lowkey: are you on your period, Romanov?
CaptainA : Since when? No wonder Bucky was really mad just now when I threw out Peter's switch.
“And I have to hurry home, I have a date with John.” Sam runs off.
“Bruce! I got you a gorilla because I felt like you're actually big and cuddly.” Steve said as he toss it to Bruce.
“Thank you, James.” Steve said quietly.
bl@ckPanther : Shuri, did you know about this?
Suddenly Bucky walks out from behind the curtains, which caught everyone by surprise. He walks towards Sam who stood there, with each step he took, he was breaking Sam’s heart slowly.
“Yeah, I was too drunk that night.” Sam said as he tried to talk away.
RedRidingWitch: Pietro, don't be rude. Hi I'm Wanda and Quicksilver is my brother, Pietro. We're the Maximoff twins.
“I’m gonna miss you, Samuel. I can’t imagine life without having you by my side. Honestly when I started the year, I didn’t expect to have you in my bed.” Bucky sighs.
“I’ll go first, I’ll see you tomorrow.” Sam said as he hugs Steve goodbye.
BlackWidow: Roger that boss.
Shoerii : Could be Loki's.
Tony : You guys are invited to Steve's funeral on the rooftop.
CaptainA : Is no one really going to ask why Bucky changed the group name? :((
bl@ckPanther : I'll send a new one too, Peter.
"Hey, morning guys." Clint said as he trips into the kitchen, falling face first.
“Yeah, move along, you’re just taking your brother’s sloppy seconds right.” Miles said as Bucky was about to walk away.
As they were in the car, Tony drove them to the nearest zoo. Steve was excited as he watched the tall buildings as they drove pass, as they reached the zoo, Steve literally jumped out of the car.
“Oh yeah, clean.” Tony yawns.
BlackWidow: We're good, Thor. How did you get a phone?
“Hey Sam could you take this for us?” Natasha said as she nudges him.
"I'm not even registered." Bucky shrugs.
“Yeah. I use it for all those sports, that I never do.” Steve chuckles.
“I trip and fell in the garage while finding for you.” Sam lied.
"Good morning ,Spider child!" Thor replies as he hands him some coffee, when Tony snatched it away.
“I wouldn’t do anything to hurt Sam alright.” Bucky replied.
“James, isn’t it time you clean your room?” Mrs Barnes said as she walks into the room with a laundry basket.
F@LCON : hunny you don't have to tell them anything alright. Peter I'm coming to pick you up.
Lowkey: Adopted. Greetings my king.
“I’ll do it later mum.” Bucky sighs.
That night Steve had sent Sam to his date with John, but John stood him up. So that’s why they are here at the arcade playing games instead. Sam was pissed and annoyed with everything, he still didn’t understand why would John stood him up. Sam was cute, he was in the aerospace team and soccer too. Sam just sighs at the thought of it, just then John came by.
“Kissed Bucky?” Sam shrugs.
It was prom night; Sam was all dressed up for it. Tonight, he finally felt happy, he had passed his driving license, he was on good terms with Steve and his dad too and it was Steve and his birthday tomorrow and he had planned for a costume party for tomorrow. He has nothing on his mind except himself, he was finally happy. As he walked hand in hand with Steve and Tony, he was enjoying the night, the music, the atmosphere. Their prom theme was memories, so their tons of photos of everyone hanging around, being played in the background. Sam was enjoying it as he walks around the gallery, and next thing he knew he was walking up to a replica of their kissing booth, he watched as Tony and Steve re-enacts their first kiss, he couldn’t help it but smile for him.
“Well John is a player!” Bucky said.
Lowkey: I'm blocking you.
“Come on, why the long face. Boston is not that far away too.” Sam shrugs. “Plus, it’s not like you’re the kind to have a boyfriend or in a relationship.”
“Since when you got taller huh?” Bucky asked
Barnes: No Ma'am he doesn't.
"So who do you think will win? Biden or Trump?" Natasha asked as she turns to Bruce.
“You both do know I’m not into girls right, but I’ll do it since you guys have helped out the booth.” Sam shrugs as he took the blindfold.
“Stevie?” Sam calls out again.
RedRiddingWitch : Ditto.
“If everyone agrees to this, says Ay!” The counsellor said, which everyone raised they hands and said Ay.
: I'm coming!
Barnes: You have wifi on Asgard?
“What was that for?” Sam said as he tubbed the back of his head.
"Is everyone ignoring the fact that Mr Barnes here wants to assassinate the next president?" Peter asked.
"Wait what? You didn't know bout this new election?" Bruce asked as he sat across of Bucky with his apple juice.
“What you mean, we have an hour more to go.” Sam said.
CaptainA: Not me, I'm just getting a hang of this technology.
“Then come here.” Bucky said as he pulls Sam into a kiss.
Tony: NATASHA?
“I can explain.” Sam said.
BlackWidow: send me your location now, Odinson!
“Are you dumb? Your last name is Barnes.” Sam smacks the back of his head.
Steve had tensed his shoulders without realising, and made an effort to relax them when he caught Natasha watching him. He forced a smile at T’Challa. “Thank you. That’s good to hear.”
Steve kicked him in the shin, smiling when he heard Sam double over, cursing. He opened his eyes when Natasha’s fingers left his hair and watched as he swatted at him. “Quit teasing him,” she ordered. “He’s been through a lot,” she continued, a bit quieter this time.
“-ster Stark?” Peter’s worried voice drifted in, “Are you alright? You’re really pale...sh-should I get someone? Mister Colonel Rhodes maybe?”
The woman swung onto the truck, holding onto a rail above the passenger door. She tossed her gun to the side, shedding her mask. Long black hair flew into the wind, and a malicious sneer met Steve’s eyes. “It’s been nice knowing you,” she exclaimed gleefully, shouting over the truck’s motor. The truck began to reverse.
His fingers hovered over the keyboard for a while, almost at a loss for words, before hitting send.
“Giorelli, what’s the meaning of this?” the buyer barked, gesturing at Steve.
Steve’s cheeks twitched upward, his face pulling into a vicious grin. He shook his hands, calling his shields. “Who’s next?”
With a sigh, he walked back into his bedroom, falling onto his bed. He buried his face in his pillow, hoping that sleep would come easily tonight. His prayers were answered for once, and Steve felt himself drifting off peacefully, no thoughts of Tony or Siberia to be found.
After a while, Steve blinked, taking in a deep breath. The sun had long since set, and he sat alone in darkness. Silently, Steve left his chair and headed into his bedroom, going through the motions as he got ready for bed. He rinsed his toothbrush under the tap water, squirting toothpaste on the bristles. He shut the tap off, glancing up at the mirror.
Peter grinned, and he took off, his mouth moving a mile a minute. As they worked on Peter’s suit, the boy talked enthusiastically about everything from the best Lego sets to the benefits and drawbacks of different lightsabers, interrupting himself to plead, “Please, oh please, Mister Stark, could we make one”. Tony mostly listened, giving his input here and there. He was truly amazed by the brains of this kid and how he could talk so much without passing out from lack of oxygen.
“Ready?” Steve said, breaking the silence. Sam and Nat looked up, both giving him curt nods. “Then let’s go.”
For you bouquets and ribbon’d wreaths—for you the shores a-crowding,
“Is everything in place for the mission?” T’Challa continued.
Though it had been a couple of weeks since the roof, Rhodey and Pepper refused to leave his side. Although it was nice to know there were people in his corner, all the coddling was starting to get unbearable.
He stared at the message he had typed up. He couldn’t send that. His thumb hovered over the “ENTER” button for a while, the idea mulling over in his mind. Finally, he shook his head. This was a terrible idea.
Exult O shores, and ring O bells!
A motor growled to their left, growing louder with every passing second. Steve glanced towards the brick wall, certain that this was the same wall they had scaled to get to the roof. Something rammed into the wall, making the building shake.
The elevator dinged and its doors closed. Tony deflated, rubbing at his chest to try to ease the pain his scars were causing him. He turned towards the churning coffee machine, waiting for a fresh pot. Rhodey gently set his newspaper down on the kitchen counter, his eyes following Tony’s every move.
“You know, she has a point,” Rhodey said, face still hidden behind the Times.
“Alright, alright. Jesus,” Tony said, exasperated. There was silence as the two stared each other down. Tony was the first to break, fighting against the smile creeping onto his face. “Motherhood does not suit you.”
“Sam, sniper,” Steve said into his comm, flipping Giorelli by his lapels onto his back.
“Like hell I’m leaving you-”
“Steve! Steve, it’s me! Snap out of it, man!”
“Wakanda is excellent as always,” T’Challa said, smirking a little. “Barnes is still in cryo while our doctors conduct more research, but other than that, we are prosperous as always.”
With a sigh, Steve flopped onto his mattress, letting his bag slip out of his hand and onto the carpeted floor. The duvet smelled nice, like laundry detergent. His mind slipped back to his bed at the Tower, with its stupid lavender scented pillows and silky sheets. What he would give to wake up in that bed and pad down to the kitchen. Tony would be emerging from his lab, bleary eyed and exhausted, on the hunt for coffee and Clint would be burning eggs on the stove. Bruce would be sipping tea or some other herbal concoction that smelled like it’d’ve sent Steve into a coughing fit, way back when. Thor-well, Thor would probably be on Asgard or off with Jane. Natasha would watch him walk in, watch the way he smiled softly at Tony and know everything. She always knew everything.
When he opened his eyes, the splinters were gone, replaced by the smooth crunch of snow. Steve’s entire body went numb, recognising his surroundings. He was outside that corridor now, the clanging louder. Steve’s legs marched him forward without his permission, pulling him towards where he, Bucky and Tony spun around each other, captured in an unforgiving dance for all eternity. Steve threw punch after punch, Tony struggling to keep up. He watched as repulsors sliced Bucky’s arm, the same arm he’d lost 70 years ago on the train-
Steve’s chest felt hollow, and he rubbed her knuckles across his sternum absently, hunching over slightly. He knew he should get up and help. He should listen to...Natasha, yes that was it. Years of army training screamed at him to get moving, but he felt encased in ice, unable to move.
The safehouse was unassuming, a small house on the bad side of town. Steve wished they’d been able to spring for something in the suburbs, but he knew that between gossipy PTA mothers and keen-eyed children, their covers would have blown before they could’ve stepped onto the porch. The place was nice enough, for a safehouse. He didn’t know why or how T’Challa owned it, but he was much too tired and much too grateful to question anything that man did for him.
With a shove, Steve was thrown out of Tony’s arms, his face fading but always in view. When he landed, Steve kept his eyes screwed shut, the cold creeping across his cheekbones. The ground underneath him was rough, almost splintering, and a light smell of the woods danced in the air. Someone was arguing, and Steve couldn’t bring himself to see who it was. In the distance, a tractor’s engine started.
“We should probably dye your hair, you know.”
“It hurts, doesn’t it.” It wasn’t a question. Stubborn as ever, Tony shook his head.
Source: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/45474/o-captain-my-captain
can’t lose you,” sobbed Natasha, and Steve’s heart sunk against his will.
A few minutes later, Steve’s phone buzzed again.
Steve heard the shot before he felt it, but with his attention on Batroc, he didn’t have time to dodge before a bullet found its mark in his right shoulder. Steve grunted in pain, his shoulder rocking back from the force of the impact. He tried to scan the floor for the shooter, but Batroc had already leaped back to his feet, forcing Steve’s attention back to him.
It was easy to fall back into their old routines of texting each other constantly. Too easy.
Steve’s tears fell for lightyears. “I know. I know, Tony, and I’m so sorry. Please, I-”
The conversation drifted towards Peter’s friends, Ned and MJ. The kid was rambling about a Lego kit Ned had got, talking with his hands, as Tony inputted code into the suit’s files. “Oh, and MJ’s got this art show thing coming up, and I think she’s going to invite us, but I’m also still not sure she actually likes me as a friend, so I’m keeping my calendar open just in case,” Peter rambled.
He deleted that instantaneously. Did he seriously think that was a good line? Tony mentally kicked himself. Chewing on the inside of his cheek, he started a new message. Typing on a flip phone was proving to be much harder than he expected.
“You really don’t want to do that,” Steve warned them, a strange rush flooding his blood. Sure, he got adrenaline rushes before battle, they all did, but this was different. Any trace of fear vanished, a cruel brutality taking its place. “We can handle this peacefully.”
Steve was nearly there, his entire body on fire. “Get as far as you can from the forest. Take Giorelli and the hostages with you.”
T’Challa shook his head. “Remember to keep the target alive,” he warned.
When Natasha gave him the signal, Steve jumped into action, racing through the abandoned building to greet their target. If Nat or Sam noticed he doesn’t use his shields, even when they’re ambushed by the target’s goons, they don’t say anything.
Tony felt his breath even out and didn’t even have the energy to fight off the tug of sleep as he slipped off into blissful oblivion.
Where on the deck my Captain lies,
Peter laughed. “Okay, okay. Bye, Mister Stark!” he called, jogging through the glass exit and heading towards the subway.
They slid out, walking through the unkempt grass to the back of the building, where ivy climbed the old brick. Natasha set a device at the base of the wall, and a ladder unfurled itself, reaching all the way up to the roof. “After you,” she offered, gesturing towards it.
One final blow sent the bricks flying, and Steve grunted as one hit him on the temple, another smacking him painfully in the chest. Steve fell to the ground, coughing as dust flooded the space. The woman cackled, and Steve’s head throbbed at the sudden noise. He blinked blood out of his eyes, wiping it away with his left hand. Steve hurried to his feet, pulling out his shields to chase after the buyer. His ribs ached, and he already knew they were bruised, if not broken. He pushed through the pain, sprinting after the woman to intercept her before she could hop onto the massive, armoured truck.
,” he said.
“Captain Rogers. Agent Romanov. I hope you’re both doing well,” he greeted. Steve nodded, and Natasha gave the king a small smile.
“Well, you better not because if FRIDAY wakes me up at 4am to tell me you had a fever because your dumb ass didn’t-”
Steve sat in the kitchen long after she’d left, the words replaying over and over again in his head. If Sam returned at some point, Steve didn’t notice, his perfect memory too busy inking Nat’s words into his brain. She was right. He’d been sloppy, endangering both the mission and his teammates, making mistakes that should’ve been drilled out of him back in Basic. He felt a wave of shame wash over him, accompanied as always by a cool rush that numbed him from the crown of his head down to his toes.
“There’s no time,” Steve replied, running as fast he could towards the forest a few kilometers from the building, his leg screaming with every step he took. “It’s one of Giorelli’s.”
There’s metal around his hands. Why is there metal? Is this Tony’s work? Steve struggled between trying to rip the strange spikes off his hands and the need to clench them even closer because what if Tony had made these? In the end, they retracted on their own, sinking into who knows where on his person. Steve missed them instantly. They reminded him of Tony, of his genius, his wit, his personality that seemed to light up the whole room.
Metal fingers gripped his shoulder, and Steve spun to find the Iron Man suit looking at him, its inhuman eyes cold. His eyes drew down to the flickering light in its chest, a long, jagged cut bisecting the reactor. The suit’s fingers clenched tighter, transforming the ache in his shoulder into a shrieking burn. Steve tried to pry them off, but the joints held tight.
Tony hummed, the words settling into his brain. “An art show? That’s neat.”
Tony didn’t have to look up to know that Peter was blushing. “Yeah, she’s really great. She does these drawings, and they’re this strange, kind of eerie style. To be honest, they’re kind of concerning, but…”
A cool breeze hit his face. Was he on a roof? A quick look down into the blinding lights of the city confirmed his suspicions. How’d he get up here? Tony wanted to take in a deep breath of the sweet summery air, but he couldn’t. Panic, his worst nemesis, still held a vice-like grip on his throat.
For clarification: Bolded italics is Tony, Italics is Steve :)
But I with mournful tread,
“Sounds like Giorelli’s meeting with the buyer now. We’ll wait two minutes for the money to change hands, and then we strike before either of them can leave the building,” he whispered. They nodded soberly and Steve continued to listen, easily distinguishing between Giorelli’s thick accent and the buyer’s monotone, electronic timber.
Two warm arms folded themselves around him, tugging him to the ground. It felt so nice. It had been a while since he was last held. The sudden embrace was a bit startling, and in the back of his mind, Tony knew he should be worried about security threats or something. Were they going to hurt him? Tony didn’t know whether to push away or lean in. His foggy brain sighed, throwing in the towel and embracing the hold.
Natasha slipped away after giving him one last long look, closing the door behind her, and Steve sunk onto the bed. It was much too soft, much too reminiscent of his old home, but he gave himself a second to ignore everything and just piece himself back together into this strange amalgamation of parts.
She gestured angrily with the gun as she spoke, and Steve eyed her movements, searching for an opening. “Not to mention how much money you just cost me. It was bad enough that you just carted off the best weapons dealer on this side of the continent, but then your friends had to go and plow through my bodyguards like that. Good help is hard to find, you know!” she exclaimed, pressing her palm against the forehead of her smooth mask.
The woman pulled something from her pocket and brought it up to her face, staring at it longingly. She heaved a sigh, before pressing a button on the device. “What a waste of good product,” the buyer mused, tossing it towards Steve. “Book it!” she cried, and the truck sped off, her twisted laughter echoing behind them.
Also, he doubted anyone would recognize him with black hair and a beard. Even Tony. Especially Tony. Not that Steve thought he was looking.
Ok so as I mentioned, if you're keeping up to date with this story as it's being published, you'll notice that our last update was oh...in May. We're so sorry about this, and we're going to try our very hardest to give you the conclusion we've planned ASAP. Thank you all so much for sticking through; I can't begin to tell you how much we appreciate all the kudos and the comments. Feel free to subscribe or bookmark this fic so you don't miss the last two chapters when they finally come out. Peace and love!
Fallen cold and dead.
“Tell him yourself,” replied Natasha, her voice watery.
O the bleeding drops of red,
Wind howled in Steve’s ears as Bucky fell, screaming his name all the way down the ravine.
Tony rolled his eyes and waved him over. “Well don’t just stand there kid, we’ve got work to do.”
Tony faced Rhodey, and the disappointment directed at him made his stomach knot. “Come on, Rhodes. What’s it been, twenty years we’ve known each other? You know I never listen,” he replied with as much sass he could muster, smirking half-heartedly.
“Besides,” sniffed Natasha, “we’re going to have to get rid of your beard. It’s too recognizable.”
Peter’s words faded out, and Tony’s fingers stilled on the keyboard. His heart rate picked up as he remembered late nights in the lab with Steve curled up on the slightly singed couch stuffed in the corner, the sound of charcoal sketching on coarse paper mingling with the hum of the machines in the lab.
Giorelli tapped his cigar into an ashtray, considering Steve. “You come into my place of work, try and order me to stop business and you expect me to just walk out nicely?” Giorelli chuckled. “I don’t think so. Joey? On with this, please. We have guests.”
He glared half-heartedly at Pepper, cursing under his breath, which she resolutely ignored. Pepper grabbed her bag, sliding the StarkPad inside, and looked back up at Tony and Rhodey.
Without warning, Steve’s eyes darkened into the inscrutable look Steve had worn on his face as he’d sunk his shield one last time into Tony’s chest. And so Tony laughed (or perhaps he was crying, he wasn’t quite sure) whilst Rhodey held him on the roof.
“We’ll talk about this later,” she said, not an order, but certainly not a question either. Her blonde hair hung beside her tense eyes, and Steve’s heart clenched when he realized that he was pushing his family away just as far as Tony was.
The suit groaned and creaked and everything fell apart around Steve’s hands.
For you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning;
The cold fist around his heart squeezed, reminding Steve why Sam and Natasha were best kept at arm’s length. As he looked at Natasha, the clanging filled his ears, screaming at him that the only people he could hurt were those that thought he cared. Steve squared his shoulders, shifting the weight on his back. “Sure,” he lied, tongue heavy with fibbs and half-truths.
“Put your weapons down and come quietly,” Steve commanded, squaring his shoulders. He surveyed the room, counting the goons on either side of the transaction. The buyer looked to be female, her face covered by a mask. Though he couldn’t see her face, she looked tense, her fingers obviously twitching for her weapon at her side. Behind her, nearly a dozen men and women dressed in tac vests had risen to their feet. They looked like your typical SHIELD agent, meaning that they looked to be quick on their feet and better at hand to hand then most would guess at first glance.
That thought snapped him out of his stupor, and Steve shook his head, shaking the icicles from his eyelashes. He rose, moves mechanical as he took the equipment from Sam. Almost as an afterthought, he snatched the phone from his hand, stuffing it in one of the bag’s compartments. With a huff, he shot a glare at Natasha. “Happy?” he asked.
Steve’s uniform was made of clean, pressed lines that would have made his mother proud. He could almost feel her running her hands across his shoulders, adjusting his hat. The band struck a note, and people spun circles around Steve, who was waiting for his partner to show up. The dancers left all through the night, the lights dimming as the clock spun forward. They faded, the band’s music drifting until only a final chord hung in the air, and still Steve was alone.
“Nat!” Steve cried, stumbling towards the first cropping of trees. Pine needles brushed his shoulders, and the beeping sped up, growing more and more urgent. “Please, you need to get as far as you can.”
Steve rose to his feet, ducking Batroc’s blow before barreling into him. He drew out his shields, pressing them to Batroc’s throat. Batroc smirked, blood dripping down his forehead. “
He wanted to break something. He wanted this to stop. He hated Steve. He wanted Steve. This constant tug of war within him and the mix of dread, fright and sorrowful love that welled up inside him at the thought of Steve made him feel like he was going to burn from the inside out. If this was what Hell felt like, then he may have to start rethinking all of his martyr ways. Tony gasped, choking. He wanted- no, he needed-air. Tony wheezed, stumbling towards a door.
“I-I just, um, wanted to make sure you were alright, Mister Stark,” he said, cracking his knuckles nervously. “I-I know I can talk a lot, so I’m sorry if I caused your headache-”
Steve’s spine straightened, and he stared blankly at the wall in front of him. A soft hand fell on his shoulder, and his entire body flinched away from it.
Steve raised his bare hands slowly, and the woman jerked her gun in the direction of the floor. “Kneel,” she ordered, her voice smooth under the modulation. Steve obeyed, his mind calm as he followed her orders.
“I’ve cleared your calendar for the day,” she said nonchalantly, swiping at the device’s screen. She did a good job playing it off, but Tony knew that she’d pushed the meetings for a reason.
Grabbing the strawberry from Rhodey’s plate and popping it in his mouth, he made his way to the elevator, not missing the little snort of laughter Rhodey tried to disguise as a cough.
Steve’s body flew through the air, fire and smoke cocooning him. The cold finally melted away, and Steve greeted death with a smile.
He delivered one final blow to the man in front of him, kicking the unconscious body to the floor. His eyes landed on Giorelli, still seated in his chair. His eyes were narrowed, and as Steve strode purposefully towards him, wiping blood from his mouth, they flickered with fear. Steve shucked his shields, picking up the man by his collar and tugging him up to his face. He pulled a thin file drive from his pocket, waving it in front of Giorelli’s face. “Think you could do something for me?” he asked, grin crooked and a little crazed.
More footsteps. More people. Where was Tony?
Later that night, after being forced to use the cream and go to bed by Pepper and Rhodey, Tony lay flat on his back, staring at the ceiling, hands knotted together atop his stomach. It had been a good day. There was no doubt about it, the kid was like a ray of sunshine, lifting his spirits enough for Tony to continue on with the day rather than crawl back into bed with a bottle to keep him warm. He’d spent the rest of the afternoon tinkering in the workshop, then had baked (and burned) a disgustingly sweet cake with Pepper, capping off the evening with a movie with Rhodey. There had been no anxiety attacks or cruel, taunting voices in his head. Most importantly, he had only thought of Steve once.
The mirror gave easily under his fist, and Steve let the blood run down his fingers. It’d be healed by the morning anyway.
Rhodey scowled. “You know what, Tones, the English language lacks the requisite words to express how much I dislike you at this moment.”
While follow eyes the steady keel, the vessel grim and daring;
“No guarantees, T’Challa. You know that.”
Tony stood beside him, smiling happily as he rubbed his hand along Steve’s cheek. He laughed, the sound reverberating off the tiled floor. Steve could only watch, helpless, as Tony’s ghost winked at him in his reflection, as if everything was alright.
Rise up—for you the flag is flung—for you the bugle trills,
T’Challa sighed. “I know, Romanov. But this man needs to face justice, not just the barrel of your gun.” Something exploded behind T’Challa, and he startled, turning around to shout at a cackling Shuri. “I have to go,” he said, rising from his spot in front of the camera. “Best of luck.”
But O heart! heart! heart!
Tony heard Rhodey chuckle. He must have said that last bit aloud. Tony managed to take in a shuddering breath. Then another. Then another, until finally, his shoulders relaxed a bit and he was fully able to lean into the comfort and warmth of his best friend. His best friend, who felt like a poor stand in for Steve, despite all that he’d done.
Winding up his arm, Steve launched the bomb as far as he could away from the building, watching it fly away from him. It wouldn’t be enough, but it might spare Nat and Sam. “Bombs always were my weakness,” he replied, trying for a light tone. His heart pulled, and Steve choked in a breath. “Tell Tony to save me a dance,” he gasped, gritting his teeth against the pain.
O Captain! My Captain!
with you, Steve?” she exclaimed. “Where was your head today? You almost let a handful of guards get a decent shot on you, then you zoned out during the interrogation, and if Sam hadn’t stopped him, Dukowitz, the man we’ve spent the last two weeks tracking down, would’ve swallowed an arsenic pill before we could get any information out of him. And it’s not just today! It was the museum, the parking lot...hell, even at dinner you’re somewhere else!” Steve risked a glance, and his muscles clenched at the look of fury in Nat’s eyes.
“Would you stop that?” Nat stopped, swatting his hands away. Her voice was sharp, her nerves obviously on edge. “You’re stressing me out just looking at you.”
And then, from deep in the folds of his duffel bag, beneath clothes and the hyper sophisticated, off the grid phone T’Challa had given him before he’d left, Steve’s flip phone buzzed.
The cold refused to leave him. It followed him down to Ottawa, where they interrupted an attack on the Prime Minister. It snuck up on him in Prague, after they’ve hacked their way through a terror cell. It held on for dear life in Milan, forcing him into hoodies and long sleeve shirts that definitely didn’t blend well in the city’s fashionable streets.
Steve watched the door, listening intently as footsteps drew nearer, growing louder. The door opened, and Sam stuck his head in, an apprehensive look on his face. Steve looked on as Sam tiptoed around the motel room, pulling gear from Steve’s bureau and duffel bag. Natasha’s hands were grounding, her pointer fingers drawing circles in his shoulder blades.
He wasn’t whole anymore, and he knew that. Steve hadn’t been whole since he’d watched Bucky fall from the train, all those years ago. But then Tony had come along, sanding down his rough edges and filling the chinks in his armour that Steve had kept hidden for so long with love and joy. But now, with Tony gone, he felt worse than ever before. He felt like he was still trapped under the ice, conscious enough to watch his world crumble around him. He felt like he had nothing left to live for.
Steve reached out to take Natasha’s hand in his, but she pulled away, eyes blazing. She stood up abruptly from the table, mouth pinched. “You are not the only one who is hurting. I made my choices and you made yours, and now we have to live with those decisions.” Nat inhaled sharply, shutting her eyes. Steve watched her reign herself in, her face morphing from the woman he knew and loved into the perfect Russian spy she still considered herself to be at heart. Her eyes flicked back open, regarding Steve cooley. Her back was ramrod straight, her mouth an emotionless line, and Steve straightened to attention subconsciously. When she spoke again, her voice held no trace of shakiness or empathy. “I don’t care how sad you are, soldier. It’s no excuse for sloppiness. Pull yourself together. I expect perfection tomorrow,” she spat, turning on her heel and storming out of the room, her feet not making a sound against the old floorboards.
), though that remained unsaid.
HI SO SORRY FOR LEAVING YOU HIGH AND DRY (and on a cliffhanger no less) FOR LIKE 6 MONTHS. More on our mysterious absence in the end notes since we don't want to keep you from reading this next chapter any longer.
“Are you sure?” Peter said with uncertainty, his brows drawn together.
My father does not feel my arm, he has no pulse nor will,
Steve's body lost all weight and he found himself suspended in the air, hundreds of miles above the Earth. His hands flew to his throat, but no air left his lungs. All he could do was float, and watch as he drifted further and further from his home.
Steve’s stomach answered for him. Curse stupid super soldier metabolisms.
“Man, you really are just a giant puppy. One good scratch and you’re melting into the floor,” said Sam, laughing in earnest this time.
“My men will be in contact soon,” replied the buyer. Steve gestured to Sam and Natasha, who had hooked themselves to harnesses so that they could safely drop down and ambush their targets. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw Natasha eyeing his lack of harness pointedly, but he ignored her. He’d jumped down from higher spots without breaking anything. It’d be fine.
Possible trigger warning (SPOILERS): Tony gets drunk and high and goes home with a man he thinks is Steve. The encounter is stopped before anything nefarious can unfurl (aka no sexy times), but we thought we'd let you know anyway, just in case. If you don't want to read any of this, stop at "The club was loud" (you can read the italicised bit in the middle though) and start again at "Tony woke up abruptly, head pounding". Have a happy reading!
They didn’t talk about anything important, not really; both of them staying far from anything having to do with Siberia. Their first texts had been the only exception, and since then, their conversations had been strictly small talk. Steve had tried to bring it up, once, but it hadn’t ended very well. Tony had ignored him for five days, during which Steve had snuck furtive glances at the phone between missions. When Steve finally got a reply back, it’d been about which colour tie Tony should wear to his next board meeting. Suffice it to say, he learned his lesson after that.
Steve clenched his jaw, his nerves shot. “We leave in 10,” he snapped. “Hurry up.”
Many coffees later, FRIDAY announced in a chipper voice the arrival of one Peter Parker. Despite his misery, Tony couldn’t help but smile. The sliding doors opened with a hiss and Peter Parker stood in the entrance, awkward as ever, with his bag slung on one shoulder.
“Hi, Mister Stark!” the kid managed to squeak out. It was their time meeting in the lab and still, Peter’s nervous excitement practically radiated off of him.
He screwed his eyes shut, picturing Steve’s large, pastel covered hands affectionately cupping Tony’s cheek. Hands that had once been gentle and caring…hands that had curled into a fist and shattered his heart.
“No, it’s fine. I’m fine,” Tony replied, but Rhodey wasn’t having any of it.
Tony woke up abruptly, tear tracks drying uncomfortably on his face. He sat up in his bed, eyes doing their best to adjust to the darkness around him. He could still feel the ghost of Steve’s warm hands on his cheeks. His eyes burned with fresh tears and his throat felt dry, his heart pounding in his chest. Shifting slightly, he reached beneath his pillow and grabbed the small device that hid there. With a deep breath, Tony turned on the phone, his face lighting up from the blue-white glow of the screen. His fingers shook and he wiped his sweaty palms on his covers before gathering up his courage.
Tony made a beeline for the couch, ignoring the different security camera footages currently displayed on the TV. Lazily kicking his feet up on the coffee table littered with greasy fingerprints, spilled wine, knife markings and cigarette burns, Tony unscrewed the cap of the bottle and took a swig. Despite his anger, he had to give Natasha credit; she had damn good taste in vodka. His eyes flickered towards the footage in front of him, and he mockingly saluted the screen with the bottle before taking another pull. Wincing a bit as the burning sensation finally hit, he unceremoniously turned off the screen and rubbed his temples, already sensing the start of a blistering headache.
“Soldier! Pull yourself together!”
“Yes,” Natasha confirmed. “We’re on our way to the base now. I’ve got the bug Shuri sent, so you’ll get the info you need for a conviction. Why, is there anything else we need to know?”
Pepper sighed, meeting Tony’s eyes. “I know, Tony. I’m just trying to look out for your health since you refuse to,” she replied, giving him a pointed look.
He finished before them, rising to refill his bowl at the old gas stove. Pinnacle of modernity, this house was not. It was comforting and saddening at the same time. Steve slid back to the table, his socks shuffling on the cold, wood floor.
“Oh, I don’t think you are,” said an electronic voice, and Steve spun to find the buyer, mask affixed, with a gun pointed at him. She looked at ease, and Steve realized it had probably been her that had shot him earlier. “Move and I’ll shoot.”
“So,” said Natasha, when he sat back down. Steve braced himself, spoon raised halfway to his lips. “This beard, is it sticking around?”
Tony opened his eyes and managed a smile. “It’s okay kiddo, just a headache. Everything is fine.”
“We’re fine, T’Challa. How is everything where you are?” she replied, looking away from the road.
This arm beneath your head!
Her face shifted after a few seconds, eyes widening. “Wait!” cried the woman, pounding on the car window. “Stop!” The truck slowed.
Steve huffed, shoving meat into his mouth in an effort to avoid the conversation. “Not my fault,” he muttered around his spoon.
“It’s been a pleasure, madam,” said Giorelli, his voice slick and unpleasant.
The days seemed to mix together in an achingly tiresome blend of colours. Staying awake felt like a never-ending battle, but falling asleep was completely out of question. It had been four months, and yet no amount of coffee, tinkering or loud music, all things that used to take the edge off of a particularly hard day, could banish the thoughts from his head.
The light was almost too bright to bear, but the repulsors demanded attention, burning bright against his shield. Steve kicked and punched Tony like he was a bully in a back alley rather than the man he’d loved since they’d locked eyes on the helicarrier. His fingers were so cold he was surprised they were still attached to his body by the time he was gripping his shield, arms lifted above his head. He could only watch himself drive it down into Tony’s chest, the arc reactor sputtering.
H@WKi: Spill the tea Barnes!
RedRidingWitch: Could we bring Clint along? :))
QuickSilver : There's blood and knife on the ground, but who's?
“Yeah right, knowing you. You’re capable of doing anything.” Steve said.
“No, I’m not okay, I’ll never be okay.” Sam said as he wipes his tears.
“I haven’t kiss anyone before.” Sam sighs.
Tony: Alright, who gave the god of thunder a phone?
“Yup, I’m heading off to the arcade with him.” Sam said as he grabs his bag.
As Sam walks away from the fair, he saw Bucky was busy talking to other girls. Sam just shook his head and walks home. As he walks home, it started to rain, that’s when Bucky’s bike stops beside him.
F@LCON : Sorry son. Also I'm here already.
Shoerii: Wassup? Why am I in this group chat?
“Come on, call me Tony. Was wondering if you wanna hang out?” Tony asked.
"Parker!" Tony said as he grips his mug tighter.
“It will be 5 bucks each ticket and a breath mint will be given. Just no tongues guys!” Steve chuckles.
“I’m sorry.” Sam pouts.
Lowkey : Son?
Then it hit Sam, Bucky was leaving for college. He totally forgot that one day Bucky was leaving him, to further his studies. He wondered if long distance could work for them or he’s just a high school fling for Bucky, as Mrs Barnes left the room, Sam crawls out form his hiding spot and got back in bed.
"Well in the 40's we didn't really have to vote and I didn't vote." Bucky said
“Shouldn’t Steve be sending you home?” Mr Wilson said.
THOR: HOW ARE YOU?
? QuickSilver? RedRidingWitch? Lowkey?
“Hey.” Steve calls out.
"First thing first, no coffee for the spider child. Second thing, Barnes! Every vote matters! Thirdly, only orange juice for you Peter." Tony said as he took the mug away and drinks it.
SpiderChild: Why is Mr Loki here though?
“You're exhausted.” Steve complains.
“No, you don’t James Buchanan Barnes!” Sam groans and hang up the phone.
"Ah there you are love, i was waiting for you in my room." Loki chuckles as he walks over to Peter.
bl@ckPanther: You never told me about this?
Barnes: Hold up, how can you all be in here and not add my boyfriend?
“Since you left for football camp, asshole.” Steve said, next thing he knew a football landed on his head.
QuickSilver : Wait, no one knew that Peter was Sam's and Bucky's child?
SpiderChild added QuickSilver, RedRiddingWitch,
"Alot. Your boyfriend will update you. I have to drag my husband to vote." Sam sighs as he got up from his seat and dragging Bucky away.
"Mr Stark! Peter is here, he's requesting entry from the front door." FRIDAY'S voice filled the kitchen.
RedRiddingWitch : You should run, Captain.
It was party time, Sam was busy in Steve’s bathroom, setting his hair and checking his costume out. Steve was batman while Sam was Robin. There was a crowd downstair when they came down, they sang the birthday song and was about to blow the candle and make a wish.
Tony: Obviously Your Highness, do you need me to send someone to pick you up?
As Sam reached up to get the wrench, he lost his balance and fell. He now has a cut on his face, Bucky rushed to his side and brought him to his room, where they sat across of each other as Bucky tends to Sam’s wound.
Barnes: Just you to get back here soon. :^)
"What?" Steve asked mid flipping his pancakes.
“Here charge it on my card.” Tony chuckles.
“Yes, what an ass.” Sam said as he looks at Bucky who had walked away, checking out his ass.
“Steve! Let me explain!” Sam calls out.
THOR : Don't be sad, spiderchild. I'll give you one of Asgard's special mead.
“Fuck the both of you.” Steve said and drove off.
“Geronimo!” Steve shouts as he runs and jumps into the pool.
CaptainA: More cheese for you, more hot sauce for Nat, Double shot of espresso for Tony, a burrito for Bucky, Quesadilla for Peter and Thor, Double Taco Supreme for Bruce. Is Scott and Rhodey joining us tonight?
Shoerii: Cool. Who's
: Come on kids, me and Natasha are waiting for you at the garage.
“Payment lil brother.” Bucky chuckles as he walks away.
RedRidingWitch: You never ask a lady if she's on per period.
“Yes! I got you a penguin!” Steve said as he hands him the toy.
"Morning!" Tony replies as he lifts his mug.
In one day, they both left him, Sam was broken. He lost his boyfriend and his bestfriends. Steve was ignoring him in school while Bucky wasn’t even at school, he was at risk of expulsion. Sam had spent that few weeks fixing his broken bond with his dad, trying to fix his friendship with Steve and to find Bucky. Then it hit him:
“Let me get this clear, these animals actually willingly wants to stay here?” Steve asked as he turns to Tony who was watching the penguins.
“Then it’s confirmed. The aerospace team is doing kissing booth.” The counsellor said.
"Sometimes i wonder why i married you." Sam sighs.
“Wait what?” Sam turns to the passenger side.
THOR: Banner isn't in here too, the twins too. Banner will help me to add the rest.
"Well i was playing hide and seek with Natasha the other day." Clint shrugs.
“Come on, my mum would kill me if I left you here all alone.” Bucky said, Sam just gave in as he didn’t want Bucky to get scolded by Mrs Barnes.
“Anthony!” Steve sighs loudly
"Wait what?" Peter chokes on his orange juice.
F@LCON : Come on, you saved all summer for it. Me and Bucks will get a new one for you.
“You have my words.” Bucky replies.
“James, stop. Look at me. Stop it.” Sam said as he got in between both of them.
Steve just stood there feeling disappointed, he knew he wasn’t the popular Barnes. He just wanted to walked away from all of it but just then he heard footsteps approaching him, he felt a hand on top of his and soon he felt someone cupping his face and pulls him into a kiss. The kiss gave him butterflies and made his inside flipped. He pulls away and took of the blindfold and to his surprise it was Tony Stark that kissed him.
Lowkey : How the hell did the child of spiders, became the child of Winter Solider and Falcon.
Barnes: Because he was a sore loser, he lost playing Mario Kart and threw out Peter's switch out of the window.
"What did i miss?" Loki greets the team.
QuickSilver : As much as Natasha hates when someone ask if she's on her period, she hates it more if someone broke Peter's heart.
“I told you to stay inside right.” Sam grits his teeth.
SpiderChild: Taco Tuesday!!!
“You know what, I’ll meet you upfront, you can drive the mustang. We search for Bucky. You tell your dad where you’re heading, I go get the car.” Steve said, Sam just nods then run off.
"You literally talked about it when we were in Wakanda, you dumb fuck!" Sam said as he smacks the back of Bucky's head.
It was the night of the fundraiser; Sam took a deep breath and he walks up to the stage. He was nervous as hell, but he was freaking out, he had the list of kissers available but there was someone he wished had joined the list. He knew everyone would hate him, he really wanted Bucky’s name to be on the list. He just clears his throat and introduce himself.
"Why are you even in the vents?" Bucky asked as he looks at Clint.
SpiderChild: Well Thor, the god of thunder made this and he wanted to invite others too, so I decided to add you here too :)
Bucky just shrugs as he looks over to Bruce, earning loud sighs from Tony and Clint.
Barnes: Since everyone is here, should we get something to eat. It's movie night.
“Hey thanks man, appreciate it.” Bruce said.
“Seriously!” Sam calls out.
“Kissing booth seriously?” Steve asked him.
CaptainA : Is no one really going to ask why Bucky changed the group name?
“Yo Bucks, did you see...” Steve said as he barged into Bucky’s room.
“Alright I’m Sam Wilson and welcome to the Kissing Booth! So first up with have John Walker and Wanda Maximoff!” Sam greets the crowd.
THOR: Hi there brother! Meet my Midgardian friends.
“So, you bring your hook ups here too?” Sam said.
"Well Wakanda honestly. I was only here like last week." Bucky shrugs.
“Technically Steve is just adopted. Not truly blood.” Bucky shrugs, he does have a point.
BlackWidow: There's kids in this group, Barton. >:(
“Well, some dicks are not worth a broken nose.” John shrugs and walks away.
“You shouldn’t have done that James.” Sam suddenly said.
“Tones! Finally you're out from the lab.” Rhodey shouts from the kitchen.
“Uh oh.” Steve said as he took out his wallet, he then turns to Tony.
They were now 11
Barnes : The best god to ever exist.
“Steven! Watch your mouth.” Bucky warned him.
They had spent the last few weeks together, and then Bucky had to leave for Harvard. They stood their hand in hand at the airport, Sam not wanting to let go but he had to.
bl@ckPanther : Wow. Time to prepare for his funeral then. :(
He nodded, not making eye contact with the pretty blond. “I am. Just needed to return these before I go.” He handed the books to Steve.
“I didn’t even ask for his number.” Rhodey closed his eyes, mouthing
Tony nodded to himself for a moment, for once not interested in bragging about his accomplishments. “What about you? Do you still live in Brooklyn?”
“Are you?”
Tony leaned his elbows on the counter, trying to look cool and not like he wanted to throw up from how nervous he was to talk to Steve again. “More or less. Like you said, just some light reading.”
“You’re back,” Steve said.
“Even if it’s a children’s book.”
Once again, Tony was more flustered than he ever thought he could be. He wordlessly followed Steve to the front of the building. “Is this for school or are you reading these for fun?”
He leaned back in his chair. Tony couldn’t tell if it was a natural response to the conversation beginning or a defense against Tony leaning closer to him. “I’m thinking about children’s book or comic illustration. Definitely not as impressive as changing the face of A.I. as we know it.”
“That’s good.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Sure, man. Whatever you want.”
“Why didn’t we do this before?”
“Just re-shelving. Can I help you with something?”
“Master’s already? You know, that doesn’t surprise me at all. MIT still?”
“Sorry, I’ve got to get back to work. I’ll see you around?”
That night, Tony laid in his bed with the newest book, wondering if he could even focus on the words with Steve consuming his mind like he was.
Tony watched Steve’s smirk be replaced by an award-winning customer service smile. He couldn’t help but watch him for a moment, wanting more than anything to see Steve outside of the library. Wanting to talk to him without soccer moms or grubby children stealing his attention. Wanting to touch him and cover that pretty face in colorful Marks. Wanting to kiss him until they were both breathless and completely lost to the world.
Hold on. Steve took that back. In their line of work, that’s a very real possibility.
Here Captain! dear father!
O Captain! my Captain! rise up and hear the bells;
Sam sucked in a breath and Nat began to protest. “Steve, don’t you dare. We’ll figure this out together!”
That night, Steve fell asleep to the sounds of Sam’s soft snoring from the room beside his, the phone pressed tightly to his chest and tears drying on his cheeks.
Tony’s thumb hit the delete key as soon as he finished the sentence.
The ship has weather’d every rack, the prize we sought is won,
Panting, Steve looked down at the object at his feet. A blinking red light told Steve all he needed to know.
. Then why was he in pieces? Why couldn’t he breathe like a normal fucking human? Another sob broke free, making his shoulders shake painfully.
And before he knew it, Tony was laughing hysterically, pain and alcohol making his brain all fuzzy. He craved Steve like an addict craved a substance. Despite all the bad and all the hurt Steve had inflicted, Tony needed the blue-eyed Avenger. Tony missed his calloused hands, with fingertips always smeared in some sort of charcoal or paint. He missed those same fingers in his hair during team movie nights. His heart ached to hear the gentle playfulness in Steve’s tone and see the soft pink tinge that would colour his cheeks when Tony said something mildly immature. He wanted to see Steve light up the whole room with his smile, see the way Steve’s blue eyes glowed with passion and righteousness.
Fuck.
Steve picked himself off the ground, walking down the dimly lit corridor. Water dripped from somewhere, falling to the ground in sync to his footsteps. He emerged into a tall, cylindrical room, the ceiling a gaping hole, leading into nothing. Steve walked to the middle of the floor, looking up, his gaze travelling past all the broken railings and falling metal plates. He squinted, confused. Was that...space?
“Batroc,” he said, surprised. Keeping his shields tucked away, he raised a fist, taunting the man. “
Peter shot him a hesitant smile before walking into the lab to set camp beside Tony. He dropped his bag on the floor by the worktable. “So,” began Tony, opening up a holographic screen in front of the both of them, scrolling through to Peter’s file. “How was school?” he asked, cringing inwardly at the domesticity of it all.
Giorelli was a big man, and he sat on a chair like it was a throne. He followed the buyer’s hand, considering Nat, Sam and Steve as he puffed at his cigar. Though the buyer was a wild card, Steve knew that it was Giorelli who was the bigger enemy. He was cunning, and never went anywhere without his legion of massive bodyguards. Sure enough, men who looked like they survived on only red meat and chewed steroids for breakfast circled Steve’s team, who responded by shifting closer, pressing against each other’s backs. “I don’t know these people, Stella,” replied Giorelli. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of it and then you can be along your merry way.” Giorelli flicked his hands and the men stepped closer, some of them cracking their knuckles.
They pulled up to a nondescript building a few minutes later, the car gliding to a stop and parking itself. Steve pulled his helmet out of his bag, slipping the black reinforced fabric over his head. It was different from his Cap helmet, this one designed more for stealth than protection. It had a chin strap and a mask, as well as lenses that blocked out Steve’s eyes and enhanced his sight even further with a blink. Natasha tied her hair back, elbowing Sam to wake him up. He rose with a start, clearing his throat and getting ready himself.
Natasha huffed angrily. “I just…you’re never here during missions, mentally or physically. I’ve had to pull you out of harm’s way more times in the last month than I’ve had to over our whole career in the Avengers.” Steve’s jaw clenched when she mentioned the team, his hands fisting under the table. “You’re a liability right now, Steve. I would’ve expected this from someone like Tony, but you? I’ve never seen your emotions get the best of you like this. I can’t-” Her voice broke, and Steve looked up to find Nat’s face in her hands, blonde hair shielding her from his view.
Tony let his thumb trace his bottom lip. “Do we get to do this again?”
but sounded more like
“That’s definitely not nothing. Not much, but-”
The librarian laughed. “I figure you wouldn’t recognize me. It’s, uh, Steve. Steven Rogers from IB physics your junior year.” He looked down at the book he just checked out. “I see you’ve gone a bit further than I did in that subject.”
“Stop crying and put your stuff in your room so we can get dinner.”
And finally,
Steve let out this little huff of a laugh. “Well, thanks.”
Sure enough, Steve gave him an apologetic smile when the first couple of parents brought their kids in to pick out new books for their summer reading logs. “Sorry, I’m going to have to go. I’ll see you later?”
“I expected yellow,” Steve admitted. “Hey, Tony?”
touch
“Pick me up at six?”
“Let me take you out for dinner. Tomorrow night. A proper date where we can talk as long as we want and don’t have to worry about interruptions, where we can really get to know each other.”
Tony could feel his jaw drop. Steve? This Grecian god before him was skinny Steve from second period? “Man, you’ve changed.” What he meant was
Eventually, he opened the cover, only to find a bright pink sticky note on the title page.
“No new ones this time?” Steve almost looked sad about that.
He sounded tired, and he probably was. His research project was coming to a close, so he was putting his poster presentation together for review.
“I needed to see you,” he blurted. “I needed to talk to you. I needed to know that you feel this too.” He pressed his hand to his chest.
He hummed, not wanting to interrupt but also not being able to help himself. He ran his thumb over Steve’s cheek, turning it a deep shade of red. “I thought we’d be blue.”
Tony’s entire face turned a deep shade of red, and he started stammering out something that neither understood. He backed up off the counter and felt his residing nausea returning.
“Especially then.” He waved a hand to the wall of art he was looking at earlier. It seemed most of it was covered in scenes from various Dr. Seuss books. “Kids are going to be replicating your scenes in a few years, and I want a head start.”
Steve laughed, picking up the books left in the study room, the last place he needed to clean up. “Why are you here, Tony?”
“Yeah.” He bit his lip, tightening his hands on the book. “Sorry, but do we know each other?”
Apparently, some of that sentiment was heard because Steve smiled. Tony felt like he was going to spontaneously combust if he looked at him like that again. “I had a bit of a growth spurt and started working out after graduation.”
, Rhodey?”
“I did. Cover to cover. Chapter thirty-six has some really interesting stuff if you want to read it.”
There was a knock on his window.
“Are we friends then?”
“Do you have a library card?”
Tony blinked. He knew this guy? There had to be a mistake; there was no way he’d forget that face.
“Well, it has always been Rogers. I’m just not used to it.” Steve groans.
"Or even fucking!" Tony said.
“Why do you care James? I’m just like a brother to you.” Sam said angrily.
Shoerii: You never asked me before.
“Hey I didn't expect it to be that expensive. I'll pay you back.” Steve pouts.
"Pancakes guys?" Steve asked, everyone just nods.
So here start their secret rendezvous, now Bucky always sends Sam home on his bike. They would go around school and tease each other. On the weekends they would go on dates around town, they would walk hand in hand by the beach, and Bucky even taught Sam how to ride a bike. There were times they almost got caught, especially when Sam was out buying condoms and bumped into Mrs Barnes. Or those times when Sam was making out with Bucky in his room when Steve walks by and asked him what’s up with all those moaning, and he had to lie that he was watching porn instead. Or those times when they were in Bucky’s room when Mrs Barnes knocked on the door to grab laundry, when Sam had to hide under the bed.
Tony: well you haven't destroy New York or cause any mischief for the past year, come on then.
“We’re doing kissing booth.” Sam said confidently.
“James, you know rule number 9. Siblings are off limit.” Sam sighs.
“I’m different okay. And yes, I have every right to control your life.” Bucky replied.
As they got back to the tower, Steve happily hands out the gifts.
Quicksilver: So what should me and Wanda do? :(
“Come on I told you, call me Bucky.” Bucky said as he grabs his football.
“Alright come on, we shall see the snakes now.” Tony laughs as he pushed Steve along and went to the Reptilian zone.
Everyone just went back to whatever they wrre doing, ignoring Peter's question. Just then Loki walks in.
“Steve let’s go alright.” Sam said as he pulls Steve away.
“Sure thing, come visit soon. Text and call me when you miss me alright.” Bucky said as he walks away.
Tony: Just got off the phone with Rhodes, he's coming over with Scott later on. Get double the amount of tacos and Quesadilla alright babe.
Which Sam was breaking, Well, you can’t deny, Bucky was hot, like stupidly hot. And they were 7 when they made that rule, especially when they found out the Barnes were adopting Steve, and the fact that Sam had always liked Bucky. So, they made rules,
“Sure, thing mum, how about I bring the rest down.” Bucky suddenly said as he quickly gets out of bed.
“I wanna look around.” Steve said as he looks at Sam, signalling that he wants to go off as Tony was next to him.
“Bully someone your own size will you.” Bucky shouts at the boys.
F@LCON : Money's on god of mischief.
THOR: NATASHA! GREETINGS! BANNER GAVE IT TO ME, AS A GIFT. HAHAHA.
bl@ckPanther : What's the commotion over here. Sam told me to check my phone out.
Lowkey: I'm still alive. :))
The crowd booed them, as they expected Bucky not Steve.
: Since when I'm your friend, Parker. >:(
“Plus, they want Bucky, Bucky fucking Barnes!” Steve sighs.
“I’ll get him to do it, I have my own way.” Sam smirks.
Rhodey was waiting for Tony back at their apartment. “So, how did it go?”
A blush spread across Steve’s face as he shifted in his seat. “You sound so sure that you’d like it.”
Tony nodded. “I’ll text you.” And Steve didn’t even notice when he slipped into one of the study rooms with a few books rather than leaving the building.
“I’d like to be.”
“Good. I’m working on my master’s right now, and I’m home for spring break.”
“So, what are you majoring in?”
“You haven’t even seen my art before.”
His friend laughed.
“Perfect.”
“Uh, a little of both I guess. I’m really interested in the idea of creating an artificial intelligence that’s above and beyond what we have now. You know, more intelligent and less artificial.” He shrugged, trying to look at anything but the man in front of him. The wall of kids’ art was really interesting. Nice color palettes going on there. “But I also just really like reading about the history of my field. It’s lame, I know.”
He looked at the floor, hoping and praying his face wasn’t letting Steve read him like the children’s books he’d put away. “Oh, um. Yeah, I am.”
“I’m just joking, Anthony. Calm down.” He held out his hand. “The book?”
“Even more of a reason for me to see whatever book is going to make you famous.”
The woman behind Tony cleared her throat, obviously not enjoying the reunion in front of her.
“Well, you look great.”
Steve finally turned to look at Tony, seeming to finish the re-shelving. “We haven’t been dating for a few years now.” Tony wasn’t sure what to make of that face. Was Steve upset about their breakup? Was that a sore spot he shouldn’t have mentioned? Does he still have feelings for James? But then he shrugged. “It’s fine; you don’t have to look sad for me. We realized we were better off as friends. We’re both a lot happier now.”
And it was, well,
Tony gave the librarian a lopsided grin, hoping for cute and charming and not a total oaf. “Yeah, I guess you could say that.” He handed over his card, which the gorgeous blond took a little too carefully. Tony just wanted to touch him, which sounded creepy once the thought crossed his mind. He wanted to know if this pull he felt toward the man was mutual.
He sighed, letting his Aura show when he was safely inside his car. Always conscious of where he did this, though he knew it was ridiculous. No one else could see the Marks decorating his skin, no one but his past lovers. No matter, Tony saved these moments for himself, and only on certain occasions. Only when he was feeling especially vulnerable. Especially overwhelmed. His skin was covered in so many Marks in so many colors, they’d started repeating in different shades. Ever since his particularly nasty breakup with Pepper, he’d been with quite a few people to fill his time and that empty place in his heart.
“Hm?”
Steve gave the book back. “Okay, Tony. I work again on Thursday. I’ll see you then?” Tony nodded, stepping out of the way of the kids behind him. “Maybe you’ll finish your book this time.”
He let out a frustrated sigh, falling face-first into the sofa. “I didn’t tell him or show him or do anything.” Tony just held up the book he’d been clinging to since he left the library and boarded his plane. “But I did check out another book so I could go back to see him this summer.”
Tony blinked, hiding his panic with a blank expression. He was too busy freaking out to process what Steve asked for a moment. “Uh, engineering and physics.”
Tony hugged a set of books to his chest, not sure what to do with his body. Were his arms always this long? What are his hands doing? Oh God, why is he standing like that? “I didn’t see you at the desk. I thought I missed you.”
“Single.”
“Good.”
He laughed, not looking away from his task at hand. “Nope. Told you I grew a bit after high school.”
“Not one of my best works,” Steve mumbled.
“Good.” There it was again. “You better have both those books finished by then.”
The semester finished as slowly as Tony thought was possible. His free moments were filled with thoughts of the muscular blond librarian who had stolen his heart in a matter of days. And he knew this was ridiculous. He knew he was acting like a lovesick girl in a YA romance novel, but he couldn’t help it. He just wanted to finish out the school year and go home, something he’d never wanted before. So, when finals wrapped up, he was on the first flight back to New York, his library book in hand.
He sniffed a little, holding back some tears. “You’re the best, Rhodey.”
Tony swallowed, nodding. “Good.”
to himself. “Maybe we’re not meant to be together.”
“Hey, Rhodey. I have a problem.”
“Back already?” Steve grinned up at Tony, and he swore that pretty face could end wars with a smile like that. “Did you become an expert in nuclear physics overnight?”
“Do you need to check those out?” He gestured to the books he was carrying and took them when Tony nodded.
“You know, I think I’ll leave that to you. This isn’t really my area of expertise.” Steve checked the book back into the system, despite not believing for a second it had been finished. He looked back at Tony, who could only grin like a dope at the sudden attention. Steve stifled a laugh. “Are you checking anything else out? Or just me?”
“Definitely.”
Before he knew it, the door was opening to the room he decided to hide in. He closed the book in his hands, giving Steve a wide smile. “It’s almost eight o’clock. What are you still doing here?”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, drawing him even closer while Steve pulled at his waist as if there was any space left to fill between them. His hands found their way under Tony’s shirt as he realized just how touch starved he’d been, just how much he’d wanted to do exactly this since the first day they met again. Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair. It was so much softer than he imagined. Steve let out a soft sigh, which made Tony stop and take a long look at him.
“The free time must be nice, though. I’m scheduled for full shifts every day until classes start back up for me. I know I need the extra shifts to help pay for tuition, but I wish I could just take a break and read.” He looked over the covers of the two books Tony was checking out. This time about artificial intelligence. “But maybe not the kinds of books you like to read.”
Steve laughed, not knowing how much that sound was killing Tony. “Aren’t you rich?”
“Tony,” he said, handing it over.
Tony knew Steve would be closing on Friday; he had kept him updated on his schedule so he could stop by whenever he was working. Tony also knew the library was fairly busy around five or six since parents usually brought their kids after they got off work. He knew he could see Steve before the rush, and he would think Tony left after that. And Tony could wait out the next hour or two before closing.
His friend sat beside him. “That is the saddest thing I’ve ever heard.” Tony groaned. “You didn’t saying
“What-”
to him?”
to the poor librarian behind the desk. He fumbled through his wallet until he found the right card; it had been so long since Tony had been here, he was surprised he had it at all.
“Seuss is a genius,” Tony said with a shrug. “What can I say?”
“Just good genes and an even better personal trainer.”
, Tony pulled Steve into a kiss. He could feel the man just melt into him, almost like he was waiting all these months for this too. Maybe he was.
“Nuclear physics?” the librarian read as he scanned the barcode on the back of the book. “Just some light reading, huh?” He laughed, and Tony looked at the man for the first time.
Steve was so careful to not touch him, so careful to prevent a Mark or make it obvious there was no attraction there, so careful to hide his feelings or the fact that it was all meaningless flirting.
“Because we’re stupid.” He laughed at that. “Tony?”
“Thanks, pal. See you this weekend.”
Tony didn’t know what to say. Apparently, his hour long brainstorming session of what to talk about with Steve was pointless. And he didn’t even know if Steve wanted to talk to him. Steve might have just been humoring him when he asked about them being friends. For all he knew, he was just a nuisance interrupting his work schedule. He should just-
Steve looked down at the table. “You lost track of time reading ‘One Fish, Two Fish’?” Steve asked incredulously.
“Why do you want me to take one so badly?”
“You know, I finished the last one. The first one too. I don’t really have anything else to do until I go back to school on Saturday.” He hoped what he was trying to say was clear. He was terrified to just ask what he really wanted to know.
“Excuse me, mister.” One of the kids said. “You’re blocking the door.”
Tony glanced behind him to make sure there wasn’t a line forming then leaned against the counter. “What are you planning to do after school?”
He looked directly into Tony’s eyes, causing his heart to skip a beat or two. He felt like he was going to pass out. “Just insurance. If you take another, you have to come back to see me.”
“I’ll try.”
“No, I found everything I need.” Tony realized how flirty that sounded and felt his face heat up. “Uh, have you always been this tall?” He wanted to smack himself.
“I had to return a library book. I’m afraid it’s long overdue.”
Steve looked over at Tony, still watching from the doors. And he smiled such a gentle smile, Tony felt like he would melt right then and there. He couldn’t handle Steve. He was going to kill him.
“I still don’t want to pay it.”
“Hey, Tony. I thought you’d stop by yesterday. Aren’t you leaving today?”
Rhodey mumbled something to himself.
It wasn’t until he reached the parking lot of the library that he realized he didn’t know if Steve would be working today. Months had passed; Steve could not even care that he was here. Why did he think he-
“Anthony Stark?” He scanned the card and handed it back along with his thick physics book. “I haven’t seen you since I graduated. How have you been?”
