Sherlock stretched and took a deep breath, in and out. The air was oxygen-rich and smelt of vegetation. A faint breeze rippled the river's surface. Downstream, a heron stood motionless in the shallow water.
Sherlock took John's hand and let himself be pulled to his feet. He accepted the crutch that John shoved under his arm. He could put some weight on his leg by now, only using one crutch to move around the flat. But now, he was grateful to lean on John's shoulder with his other hand. He was tired, along with still feeling empty and disorientated. He didn't have the strength to second-guess the decisions John made for him. Much less to resist.
Sherlock was out in the living room. Martin was dead. John fought fiercely against a new wave of tears. He wished he had a friend who knew about his struggles. He wished he could have told Martin why he'd chosen Sherlock. He wished Martin would have understood and accepted that, would have absolved him of any betrayal. He wished for Martin's smile and Martin's blessing for him and Sherlock. He wished he could have thanked Martin for what he'd done for them, all the while setting aside his own heart. He wished Martin could have been his friend. And he wished so much to have seen Martin happy one day, with a partner who loved him unconditionally. Maybe the four of them could have got together. He wished that Sherlock and Martin could have looked each other in the eye, knowing about each other, and that they would have accepted and liked each other. All gone. Dreams. Martin was dead.
He makes use of the Vaseline eventually, and with the last spark of consciousness that I possess, I understand that we are standing with both feet in the inferno, that we are breaking all the rules and joining the deadliest sinners and criminals when he gently thrusts into me. His bone-like organ sliding into me, filling me up, invading me; his hand, slippery with the Vaseline, stroking and rubbing me; his groans and increasingly frenetic demands making me lose my head entirely.
"No." John took a big sip from his second glass. "No," he said again. "I'm familiar with that side of things – to a certain degree anyway."
Neither of them spoke. They still had a few hours. A scant few hours to spend together. John turned his head, looked into the clearwater blue eyes of his friend. They were open wide and filled with love. The evening wind blew Sherlock's hair into his face.
Celine had left them alone for two days. Then she'd arrived on Thursday afternoon, bringing milk, cheese and eggs. No prior notice. Early in the afternoon. Calm. Firm. Celine made no bones about the fact that there was a goal they were working toward, and that John and Sherlock were meant to cooperate. She observed them both, checked on the situation. She talked to each of them separately, and together. She left behind lists with assignments and rules to live by. John and Sherlock played along. They'd prepared, constructed detailed lies. Celine seemed satisfied.
Eighteen years. But the warmth was still there. The unsullied joy that spread and surrounded them now, crowding out all other realities. The two of them. They were together. Eighteen years. They looked at each other. There was nothing to say. Nothing to tell. Everything was irrelevant, no matter what had happened. Sherlock took a single, hesitant step, and then they were hugging. Shy at first, then fierce. They nestled into each other. Wordless. Not letting go. They sniffed at each other, kissed, clawed their hands into each other, bit, cried, sobbed. They sank down together onto the hard bed, peeled off their clothes and made love. Made love tenderly and freely. They were still so familiar to each other, still so sure of what they were doing as if the last time had merely been yesterday.
"Am I the only one on foot?" John asked cautiously. He made an effort not to let on that he wasn't part of the foreign delegation of the SAC, which was apparently being expected. He was certain that was just the cover for the meeting between Moriarty and Sherlock.
"I don't think this is a good idea. I really don't." Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade paced back and forth in the conference room. "It's simply too dangerous."
"Sherlock, John. We got the Lowe killer! You were right, Sherlock. It worked. This is Luke Corcoran, by the way. Our undercover hero."
John thought for a moment. He didn't want to offend Sherlock, knew how sensitive he was about things like this. But he also didn't want to lie.
At the very bottom of the treasure chest lay pieces of a pinecone that had disintegrated. Sherlock tipped them out onto the ground, but not before first removing the almost spherical green pebble. Victor had given him the stone as a token of their unbreakable friendship. Sherlock put it into his pocket. Then he went back to the river and flung the empty treasure chest far out. It floated for a few seconds before the metal fittings dragged it down. It filled with water and sank.
"I think there are a few things to set straight that also concern us, John. These things with the church. Spirituality. Love. Devotion."
"James Waugh and Alistair Boon wanted more. More money. And the opportunity more or less presented itself. A widower with two children. Waugh put out feelers for a rich woman who would bring in a dowry. The queer, unsocial, unpopular lady from Birmingham was more or less the ideal candidate. You, Miss Boon, could wait. It was all about the money. They told you the couple of years would be worth it, that you could marry your James later and be rich, I presume.
John and Sherlock jumped apart, startled. A man from the grounds maintenance service stood before them, orange coveralls, basket and broom in his hand.
Eurus didn't answer right away, instead returning Sherlock's gaze, amused. An undecipherable smile played around her mouth as she replied:
He took a couple of abrupt steps toward the living room, heavy and unsteady, came back and looked at Sherlock. Sherlock recognised the gleam in those grey eyes. He knew John's bitterness was about to discharge at him in the form of anger in the next few seconds. And he knew he could take it. Just like he'd taken it so often before.
John nodded. "He's caught the scent," John said without looking at Linda. His voice sounded thick, and he realised how senseless it was to compare Sherlock at work with Sherlock in private. Everything work-related ended as soon as the case was solved. Didn't it? That phenomenal long-term memory. Everything stored. Sherlock's catalogue of criminals. A huge, labyrinthine, highly detailed data palace full of memories. And privately? John tried to crush the thought. What was important now was to catch Martin's killer.
"Yes. We..." Sherlock hesitated. "We also spoke of personal matters. Ethan made me promise to make you happy."
"One of the men here too. Beat up pretty thoroughly. We've arrested one, shot another. And there's a corpse sitting at the desk. Not exactly a great balance at the end of the day."
"I'm not going to take that responsibility off you, Sherlock. You'll either think of something we can both be reconciled with, or you won't. But that's YOUR job."
"He remembered the report from 'Inside'. That's fairly surprising for someone who says he doesn't know Chaeronea," Sherlock said once they were ensconced in the cab a few minutes later, on their way home.
John spread out the blanket on the ground again and dropped down onto it. Sherlock joined him. They lay there next to each other. The starry sky was hidden behind a layer of smoke that spread out lazily over the park in the windless summer night. People walked past them, trying to find a way out to the illuminated paths. Children, blankets, folding chairs. They lay there beside each other;
"He was already quite jealous when that wasn't an issue between us. When we were just friends," John said, hoping that would satisfy Dr Kenny and put an end to the topic. But he'd made his calculation without taking the doctor into consideration.
John and Sherlock were in Lestrade's office in order to exchange the information they had and discuss the time frame. But things were moving quickly. Ethan had managed to get six of the priests to turn over their ritual candles anonymously so they could be examined. None of the candles had diamonds hidden in them.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded, sat on the edge of the bed and said again, his voice hoarse: "Get undressed for me, John. All the way."
Mrs Walton eventually comes in to put the fresh pitcher of water for ablutions on the commode. I hear John rise shortly after.
He played the first movement, trying not to get distracted. Were Eurus's thoughts invading his? Did she see or hear his uncertainty, his intention? Sherlock forced himself to concentrate on the music, not to pay attention to Eurus. Simply to play. He closed his eyes, listened closely to the tones, the phrasing, focused on the intonation, the vibrations, just as he did when he played when he was at ease.
To John's bemusement, Sherlock released their hands and started lifting each candle individually, shining underneath each one with a little torch he'd pulled out of his pocket. He crouched down, running his fingers over the underside of the metal candle holder, and shone his light around it as well. A huff escaped him when he found nothing, and he turned his attention to the altar itself.
A barrage of reproaches. Sherlock had tried to calm him down, talked to him. Sherlock had negotiated with Mycroft and Rose. He'd agreed to work with the CSIS and signed the NDA. He'd convinced John it was better to leave Sophie where she was, in safety, until the Copernicus case was closed, until they knew what the masterminds' intentions were. And after a hard-fought debate with Mycroft and Rose, Sherlock had managed to get permission for John to see his child.
Watson does not allow me to do anything for him. He dumps a bucket of icy water over my head before I am even able to turn around, taking my breath away. He then pours more water over himself, rinses the soap from his body, and wraps a towel around himself.
John lays a warning finger across his lips and quietly gets up. We sneak out of the garden, along the narrow path beside the field, away from the house and the village. A dog barks somewhere, having heard us. John has brought the blanket Mrs Walton laid out over the rough wooden bench in order to protect our clothes.
"I realise that." Magdalena remained calm. "But you'll harm the church and all the faithful who have nothing to do with my apostasy. It would also set off a witch hunt within the church against the men in the brotherhood. The brotherhood isn't condoned by the church. But I'm sure you know that. As soon as I start naming names, those priests will lose their jobs. At best."
John entered the living room and stopped, indecisive. Sherlock could hear it, feel it. But he kept playing a few more measures, played the warm, inquisitive theme twice, three times. There was no audible response. Sherlock set down the instrument and turned around.
"There's an incredibly beautiful and vivid garden in my mind palace," Sherlock said that final evening. "It's yours, John. When I'm there, I know how you smell, how you feel. Your hands, your body, your soul. The look in your eyes. When I'm there, I know what love is. I'll protect and nurture that garden for us."
John had bought a hiking map that same morning, shortly after Sherlock left. First he'd climbed up the Rosenlaui gorge to the Rosenhorn. Then through other gorges, over cliffs, to other mountains, summits, and ridges, past waterfalls and mountain creeks, of which there were so many here. Water. Rock. Solitude. Juniper. A couple of jackdaws. Now and then a groundhog. And the physicality of his body, which he pushed to its maximum. Five days long. At night, he fell exhausted into bed and lost consciousness, worn out. John knew this wasn't the solution. He knew perfectly well he shouldn't punish his body for what had happened. But he allowed himself to make demands of it. He wanted to feel out his limits, mentally and emotionally too, wanted to savour his freedom and enjoy his independence. He needed space to think about everything. He needed to be sure of who he was.
Money trouble? No. It was rumoured that she had brought a sizable dowry into the marriage. There was nothing to show for it, however. Aside from the roof of the house, which her husband had had re-shingled. Other than that, nothing had been changed either inside or outside the home.
John was restless. Sherlock heard him get up and go into the bathroom, then shuffle through the living room to the kitchen. The tap. John drank some water then went back to the bedroom. Sherlock pretended to be asleep when he passed the couch.
Sherlock didn't want that, didn't want the blanket or the dressing gown between them. He wanted John. Just John. He placed his hands on John's face, nudged him away a little, gently, took away the towel, slid his hand over John's shoulder underneath the dressing gown, pushed the soft material down John's arms and when it caught he undid the knot on the belt, pulled it open, removed the garment entirely from John's body. Breathless. John didn't move.
"I've asked Nora if she could work with us again tonight. She agreed if it's all right with you. She's already spoken to Dr Kenny. She gave her permission on the condition that I feel up to it. Nora is the sex therapist."
The night shift was at work in the manufacturing gallery at McDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd. Lights were on in some of the offices too. Sherlock went straight to the IT department. A dozen people were working there in the open-plan office, all focused on their computers. It looked like they were running a simulation. The smaller office with the detained employee's desk was sealed.
His physical connection to John had become so natural in a matter of just a few days. It was both simple and comprehensive. Maybe because all those things that are so central and dramatic for human beings are no more than trivial laws of nature for the universe. Sexuality. Birth. Death.
John took a heavy breath, hesitating. A few seconds of indecision. Then he looked away, turned and left.
"It looks like he slipped away in his sleep," John reported as he examined the victim's eyes and mouth. "My guess would be pentobarbitone based on the slightly bitter scent. The autopsy should show what it was exactly, but it was definitely a poison that caused respiratory arrest. Probably a barbituate."
"You can't just leave it like this, Sherlock," he'd said. "She deserves an explanation, for you to tell her why it all happened."
Magdalena sat there on the chair, straight-backed and unflinching, her hands folded in front of her on the table. She looked from John to Sherlock with her clear, blue eyes, finally resting them on Greg.
Maybe it was also Sherlock's pleading declaration of love that had finally reached John at some point during the course of the night at that table in Siberia.
Sherlock came eventually. John had no sense of time and he didn't care. Didn't care whether Sherlock came or not. He still sat there cowering in the armchair, his eyes closed, floating in the emptiness. He didn't want to see anything. Not Sherlock, not the flat, not reality. Sherlock locked the door behind himself, dialed back the gas heater a little, which was by now radiating warmth. John heard him taking off his jacket and shoes. It was quiet for a few seconds, he could hear Sherlock breathing. He was probably observing him. John was afraid Sherlock was going to speak to him, but he didn't. Fiddling with the cooker. The hiss of gas. Pot lid. Faucet. Plates being put onto the table, utensils. After a while the sound of water starting to boil. Pot lid. Stirring. The smell of soup.
John fell silent for a while. He was breathing hard, struggling with himself. Struggling for clarity. For the truth. For words to express that to Sherlock. Sherlock listened silently.
The funeral was very small and intimate. The service short. Mycroft said a few words. Sherlock played the Adagio from Bach's Sonata Number 1 in G Minor. As he played, he thought about the wonderful music he'd played with Eurus, the way their violins' voices had entwined and caressed each other, the wordless understanding and harmony. A sense of togetherness that hadn't been possible for so many years. The happiness therein as unexpected and unpredictable as Eurus herself.
"Odd. Can you go to the club and look through the list of members, John? I need all the names from back then. Plus or minus two years. I'll be at the Constabulary. We'll meet at Linda's."
"I'm so pleased to meet you. John's told me of your special talents. And I've read your 'Art of Deduction'. Quite an interesting approach, I must say. Heidegger himself said that true listening and observation are a kind of worship. But come on in first!"
"Wedding ring's pretty close. I've bound my life to Christ. The ring is a testimony of that. A ritual act, like a marriage."
Sherlock and Rose drove to the CSIS office in the wee hours of the morning, re-organised the information wall, added the new facts, and determined the circle of people involved. They couldn't afford to forget anyone for their final strike. Lestrade made a list of arrest warrants that would need to be obtained, and they put everything in writing, gathering the points of indictment. It wasn't until around six in the morning that Sherlock returned to Baker Street and fell into bed next to John, exhausted.
Watson and I took a short walk with the dog, then settled on the bench. We lean against each other as we nearly always do when we are alone, the sun-warmed wall at our backs. We are both attending to our own thoughts, smoking our pipes in silence. We have the leisure to do so for the first time in quite a while.
"I'll have to figure something out for Sophie," John had said, preoccupied, as they'd sat together in the living room some time later.
The address turned out to be a hospital. People sent him from one street to the next. No taxi in sight. John walked. Dusk was coming on and the temperature had sunk even further by the time he finally stood in front of the pompous but crumbling portal of the clinic. The woman at the reception desk wrote the number 209 on the paper John held out to her, and John walked up the bleak stairway to the second floor. The familiar scent of disinfectant. Hospitals smelled the same everywhere.
John struggled to stand up straight on his own two feet. The massive wooden cupbard at his back, his eyes closed. Shaking. The musty stench of cellar and wood and dust and candle wax.
"John is the sea..." Sherlock echoed, baffled. Yes, he knew it. Somewhere deep down, he knew it. But the statement itself, the way it was put, got through to him in an unexpected direct line to his core, releasing a flood of associations. The sea. Vast. Deep. Rhythms. Peace. Storms. Sinking. Diving. Underwater world. Disorientation, complete suspension.
The worst of the nights were over. The nightmares. Eurus with her throat slit, wearing a bridal veil at the precipice of a waterfall. Pushing a pale, hollow-eyed Victor into the watery depths, even as he gaped at Sherlock with a lost look in his eyes. Sherlock desperately holding onto John, who wanted to jump too. Clinging to John and both of them toppling over the edge, falling and falling and falling. Being unable to hold onto John any longer and losing him in the tumult of the rushing waters. He always forced himself to wake up at that point. It usually worked, and he surfaced drenched in sweat and gasping, reached for John, who lay beside him, and crawled into his arms.
Stuttering breath blew across his nose, his lips, and Sherlock reached out his hand to John, touched his hand under the cover. It grasped his back, hot and strong, and the strength and clear message it sent took his breath away.
Phil had handed him a key and said, "There's a door in the back of the library. It leads into the inner chambers. You'll find what you're looking for there. Take a look around. But be careful. You're entering sacred space."
He walked a short distance through the park. The duck pond. People on the benches, reading, dozing or chatting in the shade of the trees. The bench under the elm tree was empty. Abandoned. John was grateful. He couldn't have stood it if strangers had been sitting there.
"Ever since we first laid eyes on each other," John said, smiling wistfully. "But it took a long time after that before we also became a physical couple."
Sherlock felt like he couldn't tell up from down anymore. John played the clarinet. A wonderful instrument, with a muted, velvety tone that rang out pure and clear despite its mellow nature. John knew Jonah Peller from his university orchestra and was taking lessons from him at the RCM. It was all so unexpected. How could he have been so naïve as to assume that John didn't play an instrument! John came from a middle-class family that valued a well-rounded education. He'd attended university. He went to concerts now and then. More often, unfortunately, with those women he dated than with Sherlock. But that, Sherlock decided on the spur of the moment, was going to change.
It came suddenly. A wave of weakness that abruptly washed over him. The black presence fled, leaving behind a raw and gaping emptiness that made him shiver. That shook him, rattled him right down to the core. Sherlock felt the hardness in him surrender, felt his skeleton collapse as he caved in. He was crying uncontrollably. A flood of tears. His body was shaking. He felt himself shivering feebly in his chair. He didn't know what was happening to him. Something was assuming shape, showing itself in the flesh.
Sherlock stared across to the horizon, to the off-white line in the distance where the water met the sky. A couple of seagulls circled over the island, screeching shrilly. One of them settled on the wall over the drop-off, right in front of them. The bird eyed the two men by the wall with a curious look. Sherlock watched as it shifted restlessly from one leg to the other, tilting its head to one side to see them better. A bird. A creature from the outside world. The world out there. Sherlock knew he needed to break through to it. He needed to think. Needed to turn his brain on, to liberate his senses, to penetrate to reality. To the bird. He needed to see what was what. Needed to regain mastery over his own mind again. Now.
Down in Bart's courtyard, a team of paramedics ran to one of the ambulances. It drove off a moment later. Lights and sirens. Sherlock took a deep breath and let it go. He needed to make a decision at some point. Either he continued on to the morgue, to Molly, and took a look at the murder victim as he'd promised Lestrade; or he turned around and went home. But standing here indecisively at the window out in the hall was senseless.
Sherlock was surprised at the question. He gave John a long, searching look. Eventually, he said lightly, "Everything's in the same mind palace. It's a network, everything's connected. What do you want to know?"
John got ready to go to the club. It was evening and Sherlock hadn't returned. John had waited, but finally had to admit there was no point. He didn't know where Sherlock was, what he was doing or what his plans were. And so he set out on his own for Lucifer's Gardens. As he did almost every evening.
Martin had drunk some water, but the water bottle checked out. There weren't any traces of poison to be found in the glass either. Had Martin ingested anything else? An herbal throat lozenge? Sherlock was certain that Martin had smelled like lozenges. But there weren't any lozenges to be found anywhere, nor any discarded wrappers that might have indicated one. There weren't any herbal tinctures or medicines or anything that smelled of herbs other than a variety of schnaps, but it had been fine. No one had seen anything. And there had been several men in the club when Martin collapsed. Two of them had been standing at the bar with Martin. They'd lowered him to the floor when he started swaying, fetched Callum and called for a doctor. But there hadn't been a medical doctor in the club at the time. Other than John.
"Come on," one of them said, nodding at John in invitation. His expression remained friendly, but his smile had disappeared.
The black eyes searched John's. "I'd like to show you dynamically. I'll need to touch you though. Is that okay with you?"
John closed his eyes for a moment. A wave of desire arose from Sherlock and washed over him. A smouldering ember that only needed someone to blow on it for the flames to shoot up and start burning merrily. It had been too long since they'd slept together. Much too long. The case now solved, the stillness of the living room, the spontaneous physical contact, the familiar intimacy. Dry tinder for the fire to catch with explosive ferocity.
"Two choppers are scheduled just before noon," Celine said. "I don't know if everyone will be flying." She checked her watch. "There's still some time before then. Maybe someone else will still be arriving on foot. I'm going back to the kitchen. Feel free to have a look around. We don't have any other guests at the moment. The next group won't be arriving until this evening on their way down from the Wetterhorn."
The stillness. John felt his pulse throbbing throughout his body. He closed his eyes. Martin's breathing. It was clearly accelerated and ragged. He was experiencing all of the emotions along with them. That hadn't been clear to John until that moment. He was experiencing and carrying with him all of the emotions and fates of the men he ministered to here. John heard him inhale deeply.
I am fascinated by the way he lies there. So relaxed. He has his arms extended upward and to the sides of his head, like an infant. His legs are slightly splayed, his crotch exposed. All four limbs spread out. He lies in the grass beneath an oak tree, asleep. A smile on his face. I envy him that. The basic trust that allows him to doze so devotedly. There is a certain peacefulness about him. A confident serenity, coexistent with a natural, instinctive attentiveness. He would awaken at the slightest intrusion. He is possessed of an internal awareness. For example, when I toss one of the acorns that are scattered about. It lands in the grass approximately ten feet away from him, putting him on alert even if he shows no outward sign. Not so much as a twitch of an eyelash. Not even when I approach and settle myself beside him in the grass. His lashes are blond and unassuming at first glance. They are longer than they appear, however, and assume a silky sheen when the sunlight falls upon them. They shimmer and gleam as if an elf had strewn gold dust over them. Good Lord, where have these thoughts come from? Have I sunk so low as to conceive of elves?
Sherlock had slept a little, later in the afternoon, after he'd written down and reworked Variation 2. He'd added a short end sequence, three firm, low chords, like the distant rumble of thunder. Then Mrs Hudson had come up. A bowl of fresh fruit salad as her excuse. Asking how he was doing. Along with an urgent request to return John's call. He'd taken the fruit salad. And he'd asked Mrs Hudson not to concern herself with the other two things. That had been a mistake. He'd underestimated the old lady's temper. He'd let the rain of reproaches and rebukes wash over him, surprised at how perceptive his landlady was and how perfect her aim was in sprinkling salt into his wounds.
He lay on his back. White sheet. IV stand. Pulse oximeter. He was in hospital. The memory arrived with his next breath: Sherlock.
That look in Sherlock's eye. John understood immediately what it meant. He stood up and put one hand on the priest's shoulder. "Show my friend the soles of your shoes, Father. I don't like it when I have to get rough with the clergy."
Yes, damn it! He was well aware of it. He couldn't play this role. He couldn't pretend he'd left Sherlock. It wasn't true.
Sherlock stared at John. Wellington Hospital. She was alive. Hope. There was still hope. They set out right away, as soon as the nurse had taped up the bandage on Sherlock's arm.
He kissed him, full of love. Then he got up and went into the bathroom. When he returned, he gave Sherlock the little bottle with lubricant that he held in his hand. The icy blue blown wide, heavy breaths, open mouth, wild, tousled, damp hair. Their eyes met. Lingered. Long and deep. A thousand questions. A thousand answers. Love. Desire. Trust. Not a single word passed between them. John lowered his eyes for a brief moment, a wordless yes. Sherlock put his hand on the back of John's neck, drew him in and kissed him possessively. No hesitation. He did what John longed for, what his body urged him to do.
Callum nodded. "We spoke to him at length, on more than one occasion, Martin and I. We brought a psychologist in. But Peter insisted. And so with heavy hearts, we decided..."
"May the peace of the Lord be with you," he said curtly, corralling John and Sherlock out through the door and locking it from the inside behind them.
"I see it, that's all," the old man said kindly. "In the condition of the clock. In you, your reactions, your energy. It's called clairsentience." He smiled. "I apologise if I got too personal."
When John left the ritual room later, he felt tired but surprisingly light. He walked out through the King's opening with his head held high, and despite his exhaustion, felt as if he'd been strengthened.
"A friend was visiting her, she wanted to take a turn round the park with her," said one of the security guards who'd been sent by Mycroft. She was a wiry, fit young woman disguised as an orderly.
The train was on time. Sherlock's heart was pounding. His eyes were glued to the gate where the people spilled through. The tension hurt his shoulders, his neck, his head. Damn it! Sherlock forced himself to relax. He closed his eyes, leaned against the wall behind him, took a deep breath, pressed his shoulders down, felt the stiff muscles yielding as his body loosened up. Better.
John was already sitting at the table, a sherry in front of him. He'd taken his suit along to the clinic and got ready there. He looked fantastic. John stood up when he saw Sherlock coming over, and Sherlock greeted him with a hug, restrained, but the message was clear: it would be more if they weren't in public. John's embrace was firm and confident.
“I would not characterise it as affection, Holmes. But when I knew him at school he was an honest, upright fellow. I cannot believe that his essential nature is very much changed.”
“It is of the first importance,” he said, “never to let emotion intercede in business. And now, my dear doctor, I am going out. I have some theories that require legwork.”
“It was a pleasure, Mr Holmes,” she said, her hand on the doorknob. As she turned to leave, she let her eyes fall on me, sitting rigid and upright in my chair.
“There is nothing to excuse,” I interrupted him, as I picked up the newspaper that lay folded on the seat beside me and hid my face behind its flimsy pages.
“My dear Watson, I hardly feel I need to say it, but you may look wherever you like,” said Holmes. He sounded perfectly calm but the usual edge of humour that I had grown to expect was missing from his voice.
Perhaps it was inevitable that it was over quickly. A few minutes of ruthless self-control, as I listened to his quiet gasps and a smattering of urgent words uttered too quietly for me to hear, were all I could manage before the urgency of my need overtook me and I increased my speed, my strokes becoming stuttering and irregular as I approached my release. Words of affection, of love, threatened to pour from my lips and I bit down on the thick line of muscle where his shoulder met his neck as I felt him approach his own climax. I was half-aware that he was no more in control than I, a thought that only pushed me closer to the edge. Too soon, knowing that I could not last much longer, I released my clutch on his hip to take him in my hand, tugging at him urgently in time with my thrusts. He came apart almost immediately, bucking before me as his warm fluids coated my fingers. I convulsed inside him a moment later, his name spilling from my lips as I did so.
“Do not allow yourself to indulge yourself in false hope, Mr Phelps. The affair is a very tangled one,” he said in parting, and I saw my old friend’s face fall, but he rallied admirably and thanked Holmes most earnestly for his help.
“So, my dear Watson,” Holmes said at last, lying naked on the grass, examining a bee that was sipping from a purple clover flower. “How will you shape this case into one of your stories? Shall you allow yourself to be the hero, for once, or will you be as bumbling and awestruck as you usually are in your alternative versions of reality?”
A few minutes passed in silence as the sweat cooled on my body and the darkness gathered around us and my heart rate gradually returned to its usual pace. I could hear Holmes’ heart beating steadily under my ear, a little slower than my own.
“If you believe us not to have been equals it is because you are the one who creates a distinction,” Holmes spat. I saw with satisfaction that I had at last broken his unnatural calm. His face was flushed, and his hands, always so certain, betrayed a faint tremor. I looked away, unable to stomach seeing his splintered nails and his long, pale fingers torn and stained with drying blood.
“You do not seem the type of man to make such a mistake,” he retorted. “I am inspector Wainwright. I had better take a formal statement and then we will conduct a thorough search of the premises and interview these two men.”
He blocks out the sound of John’s voice as he tries to pinpoint what’s happening to him. This is John’s fault. It has to be. What is it about John that makes him react like this to such a pedestrian display of sentiment?
“It did not seem that way this afternoon,” I hissed, wanting only to hurt him as badly as he had hurt me. “What was it you said? I believe your words were, ‘I need you.’”
I attempted to remonstrate with him, repeating for the third time that I feared I had been mistaken, but he would not be moved. Within a few minutes, he had forced Holmes, staggering and exhausted, to his feet, placed handcuffs around his thin wrists and led him from the building. They soon departed for the station and I was left, shocked and confused, outside the drug den, alone. The knowledge that Holmes was alive warred in my breast with worry and guilt at my own actions, which had inadvertently led to his arrest. I stood for long minutes wondering what to do. Were I to call upon the help of Lestrade, or any other inspector of our acquaintance who might be able to alley the suspicions of Wainwright, I would destroy Holmes’ disguise, and I still did not know for what reason he had adopted it or from whom he intended to hide. In the end, I could see no other path but to return to Baker Street and await the morning, when I could visit Holmes in his cell on some pretext and attempt to speak to him privately.
Throughout our strange interview with Thaddeus Sholto, in that great menacing mausoleum of a house, I was aware of the way Miss Morstan addressed her remarks to me, seeming almost to forget that Holmes and Sholto remained in the room. I strove to serve as a comforting and reassuring presence in the strange situation in which we found ourselves, finding that my protective instincts were once again aroused by her obvious distress, and my admiration aroused by the commendable bravery with which she attempted to hide it. And yet, in the darkened grounds of Pondicherry Lodge, when she placed her hand in mine, I had to fight not to tear my fingers from her gentle grip. Holmes stood but a few feet from us and, though he had taken the lamp and was busy examining the great heaps of stone and rubbish that defiled the darkened lawns, I knew that he missed nothing. No matter how I fought it, everything in me revolted at the thought of his glimpsing us together in such an intimate position.
I still feel a flush of shame when I recall the incident that finally led me to discover the nature of his work. On the fourth morning of his strange state of lethargy, I found myself sitting across from him as he picked at his breakfast. Unsettled by his uncharacteristic silence, I picked up a magazine and attempted to lose myself in reading. The article on which my eye fell, which had been marked with pencil, delved into something called “The Science of Deduction and Analysis.” A more self-important piece of writing I thought I had seldom seen. The author claimed that by a simple process of examining and analysing his surroundings he was able to deduce the most intimate personal details and private thoughts of any individual, plumbing the depths of the human mind through astute interpretation of a raised eyebrow or a clenched fist, the twitch of a muscle or the flicker of the eye. So accurate and unexpected were the results of such a study, the author claimed, that the observer would appear as a magician to the object of his deductions. Stressing the importance of pure logic in all things, he suggested that readers might train themselves in this strange art by first learning to distinguish a man’s occupation at a glance by examining some mundane aspects of his personage and clothing. This was too much for me and I began to expostulate aloud.
Again and again, I saw men with whom I had eaten and drank and laughed as we stayed up all night around the card table, cheating death, struck down before me, begging me to save them even as I knew I could not. Again and again, I watched the life drain from their eyes as I bathed their infected wounds, breathing in the small of rot and death, or heard their screams as my hacksaw rent flesh and bone in a futile effort to keep ahead of the foul gangrene that took them from me, one by one. Again and again, I felt the bullet strike my shoulder, the moment of confusion before the throbbing rhythm of pain took up its presence in my body, eliminating all else, and I relived the blackness that crept over my vision as I realised that an artery had been grazed and felt the life seeping from my veins. I would awake bathed in sweat, my mouth dry and my hands shaking, deploring my own weakness. When the fever took me, some weeks after my arrival in Peshawar, these dreams became indistinguishable from reality, and for a time I was utterly lost.
Wordlessly, he held up the photograph. It was a portrait of the opera singer, arrayed regally in a dark evening gown, her black hair loose around her shoulders. She looked as beautiful and as proud and as dangerous as a queen from a fairy tale. The King of Bohemia was nowhere to be seen.
“I am sorry,” I said, as gently as I could. Had it been only the day before that I had thought myself lucky not to face the same pressures as Phelps? I could never have conceived of just how knotty his situation was, in truth. How close I myself had come to choosing Mary Morstan, I reflected, when the person I really wanted was Holmes. Perhaps I could have been happy with her – and yet, despite the distance and the longing and the unspoken barriers that Holmes erected around himself, I realised in a flash that I did not regret my choice.
I swallowed hard. I had known that Holmes could be both cold and cruel when the mood struck him, but he had never spoken to me in such a tone. I could not expect my voice to remain steady and I little wished him to see how deeply his words had cut me, so I chose not to respond, sitting in silence in the musty darkness, breathing fast, as I absorbed this unflattering assessment of myself and my entire profession. Some minutes elapsed before I felt ready to speak.
“That depends on your ultimate goal,” he said. “I was led to believe that you wished to prevent a certain union from taking place. Is that still the case?”
Only once Stamford had made the reason for our presence clear did it occur to me that Holmes had not asked. Despite my misgivings as to the wisdom of becoming entangled with the man, I must admit I felt a treacherous pleasure at the delight he seemed to take in the idea of sharing his rooms with me. His mention of strong tobacco and his habit of dabbling with chemicals in his living quarters, as well as his honest admission that he sometimes spent days in the dumps, without wishing to speak to anyone, allowed me some hope that my own habits might not prove to be as much of an obstacle as I had at first feared. His frankness made me bold and I found myself able to admit things that I would never have wished to tell Stamford – or any other man of my former acquaintance.
Despite our sense of urgency, all our enquiries in London came to nothing. By the time three days had passed, Holmes was brooding and distracted, his mood as black as it often was when he had no case at all. I, too, was usually pensive and out of sorts. I kept finding my thoughts returning to the way Holmes had concealed the details of one case from me and then hidden his presence in the same town in the service of another. Although I did not expect him to share every detail of his life and work, I could not help feeling that on occasion he treated me more like a servant than an equal, sending me forth to enact his orders and expecting me to keep him informed of my every word and action, without seeing fit to inform me of his reasons or update me on his discoveries and intentions. When Holmes received word that a piece of jewellery certainly belonging to Lady Carfax had been pawned, he regained his formidable energy in an instant, like a hunter who suddenly glimpses his lost quarry through the trees. He was determined to ferret out his prey at the pawn shop – and I was determined to be of some use. Though Holmes warned me that it would be a most uninteresting task, I insisted most forcefully – and in the face of several objections – that I be the one to wait in Bovington’s for the man masquerading as Dr Shlessinger to return.
“I was rather under the impression that you enjoyed following orders,” he drawled, as though we were discussing nothing more serious than a newspaper article over which we happened to disagree. “You certainly never exhibited any reluctance to do as I asked.”
He’s slightly appalled at himself but then John steps forward and they’re kissing and Sherlock regrets nothing. In Sherlock’s room, clothes discarded on the floor, Sherlock works John open with his tongue, enjoying his gasps, the familiar involuntary swearing, and then slides inside him, slower than usual. John is panting quietly beneath him and when he comes he says it again, whispers it against the side of Sherlock’s face like a secret, and Sherlock’s heart does something strange, swelling in his chest like it’s been injected with saline solution and is expanding to twice its usual side. He buries his face in John’s neck and comes silently with the sound of John’s words echoing in his ear.
“You know why I want to remain here,” I said in despair. “You know exactly why, just as you always know everything.”
It was several weeks before I felt able to set the story of Lady Carfax’s disappearance down for the public. I found, in the end, that just as Holmes had been unable to feign mild distress at discovering me blue-lipped and on the verge of death, I was unable to write a scene in which he did so. Instead, I wrote Lady Carfax back to life. Rescued at the eleventh hour from an unthinkable fate, she lived to accept the love of a man who had risked everything to save her. Although much of the final tale was unquestionably fiction, it felt uncannily like the truth.
“Sherlock for fuck’s sake –” John begins but then Sherlock kisses him and he abandons whatever he was saying in favour of verifying Sherlock’s continuing aliveness with his tongue.
I fancy that Phelps noticed nothing strange about his tone but, knowing the man as I did, I sensed that there was some strong emotion, ruthlessly suppressed, beneath his bitten-off words.
And when Lestrade, finding a woman’s wedding ring at the scene of the crime as the body was finally removed, waved it triumphantly under Holmes’ nose, exclaiming, “This complicates matters!” I saw a brief flicker cross Holmes’ implacable face and felt certain that he was struggling to suppress a laugh. He met my eyes with a twinkle in his own that betrayed his amusement and, though I had not the insight to understand what made Lestrade’s comment so amusing to my friend, I found myself on the verge of laughter as well and had to look away quickly, less my humour betray his. With perfect mastery of his features, he turned to the excited inspector with earnest curiosity.
For a moment he sounded very distant and grave and I wondered if he was trying to divert my attention by drawing me into an abstract discussion about human nature. Determined to elicit a full explanation of his extraordinary speech, I refused to be drawn.
“It would seem that she is not,” he responded. “Once she revealed that she knew who I was, she admitted that the whole marriage was a sham staged for my benefit. The man was her cousin, who agreed to play the role of the groom, and the officiant was no more a member of the clergy than I am. She had been warned about me, you see, and recognised me outside her home. When she saw me return, yesterday morning, she put her plan into action. She hoped that if I thought her happily married and no longer in need of the photograph, I would give up the case.”
Although his words were addressed to Stamford, his gaze remained fixed on me. I found that I had to look away quickly, afraid of what he might see in my eyes.
“No Watson, this is too good a chance to miss,” said Holmes, taking hold of my wrist. It was the first time he had touched me and a wave of relief went through me at the feel of him, warm and vital. “Wainwright likes to enact his schemes in the Bar of Gold. There he believes that he is safe. He has not yet realised who he arrested but he knows that I am on his trail. Before I adopted my disguise and took my place at the den, I took the precaution of spreading a rumour that I was busy with a particularly taxing case and had no time for any other concern. There are those in London who keep tabs on me – their networks have their uses, at times. Your appearance will only have served to reinforce the impression in Wainwright’s mind that I am too busy to bend my full attention upon him, since he doubtless believes that I sent you to intervene in my place – a logical assumption for a man who knows me by reputation alone. Nonetheless, he is by nature a cautious and cunning man. He will not attempt anything until he believes himself safe. If Bradstreet releases me, he will hear of it instantly and realise exactly who he arrested and what I was doing at the den. I must remain here for now. You must go to Whitney and convince him to return to the Bar of Gold tonight. Tell him the truth of our aims and enlist his help – he wishes nothing more than to be free of Wainwright’s evil influence.”
“You brought me back to life,” I said. “We may live in a world that believes what we feel to be a perversion. I cannot help but believe otherwise, if only because the way I feel about you is the most profound thing that has ever happened to me. In my eyes it is the opposite of unsanctified. It borders on sacred. I would weather any danger rather than sacrifice it.”
By night, however, everything had changed. When Holmes caught me staring at him with hungry eyes as he stroked his bow across the strings of his violin, his gaze would darken in a way that left me melting, ready to crawl to him across the floor of Baker Street and worship him. One evening, when I acted on this previously unthinkable impulse, he demonstrated the extent of his self-control by continuing to play as I unfastened his trousers and began to stroke him. His bowing did not falter even when I took him in my mouth, his music becoming wilder and increasing its tempo as I increased mine, until finally he broke off playing with a ragged chord just before he spilled on my tongue. When I found him lounging on the sofa, wrapped in his blue dressing gown, his perfectly sculpted feet bare and a slice of his angular chest on display between the buttons of his lazily fastened shirt, I no longer had to steal covert glances at him in the looking glass above the mantlepiece or the reflective silver surface of the coffee pot, but allowed myself to feast my eyes on the sight of him, just as I knew he wished me to, until one or other of us lost patience and we collided like meteors in a shower of sparks.
Several minutes passed as I struggled to make sense of the events of the preceding few days and how they had led me here. I was lying in Holmes’ bed, in Holmes’ arms, a place I had countless times fantasised about being, but had never dared to dream that I would one day find myself. The succession of surprises regarding Holmes’ habits, all coming in the space of a single night, had left me reeling. I was beginning to wonder if I truly knew the man at all - but I had observed him long enough to know that the fact that he was still sleeping was a minor miracle. I could only imagine that it was the aftereffects of the morphine that had dulled his senses enough to prevent him from awakening the moment I myself had stirred. He was as alert as a street cat in his normal humour, awakening from a doze at the lightest sound, though he might not stir at the sound of his own name when he was deep in thought on a case. In desperate need of some time to process what had occurred between us, I stayed as still as I could in the circle of his arm, schooling myself to take slow, even breaths, even as fragmented memories of the night’s activities began to come back to me and my pulse began to speed up. My anxiety over what might happen when Holmes awoke commingled with my growing arousal until I was unable to tell which was driving the increasingly frantic pounding of my heart.
A hand touches his chin and exerts gentle pressure. Against his better judgement, he allows John to angle his face upwards until their eyes meet.
“Because I did not want you there,” he snarled suddenly, as vicious as I had ever heard him. “I did not want you, and you knew I did not want you, and yet you insisted on following me. Your constant need to accompany me everywhere I go is beginning to pall, Watson.”
Our laughter was loud enough to startle a brace of pheasants, which took off with a great whirring of wings and snapping of twigs from a nearby patch of brush, but it soon subsided, to be replaced with more intimate sounds. When we finally dressed and walked back through the trees, the taste of his release was still strong on my lips.
In the darkness, I heard Holmes push back to bedclothes and get to his feet. A moment later, his footsteps were followed by the quiet opening and closing of the bedroom door.
“I don’t give a damn about your knowledge of chemistry,” I said, my voice tight and clipped with anger. “Holmes, why did you do it?”
“I suspect they will find the nest empty,” the consulting detective replied. He hesitated for a moment. “Since the treaty is secured and it is clear who was responsible for its theft, I thought that perhaps it would make matters simpler if the authorities – and your uncle, Lord Holdhurst – did not have the opportunity to question Harrison or to take note of any wild accusations he might care to cast upon those of his acquaintance. After all, when a man has lost his freedom, he might perhaps decide that it was worth compounding his own sentence by admitting to further criminal activity if in so doing he was able to take revenge on someone he perceived as having wronged him.”
“I’m still cross with you,” John says, climbing in beside Sherlock and then moving over to brace himself on top of the detective, looking down into his face. “I want to give you what you want. But I can’t do that if you never ask for it.”
“I suspected,” he said quietly. “The positioning of the bell-pull, coupled with that of the vent, were highly suggestive.”
I stared at him for a long minute or two, revelling in my freedom to admire every detail of his lean form and abstracted expression without any need for concealment. At last he came to the end of whatever path his thoughts had led him down. Belatedly, he noticed the direction of my gaze. Deducing immediately the direction in which my own thoughts had tended, he turned and ran his eyes over me, slowly and deliberately, in such a mischievous yet sensual way that I felt myself beginning to stir beneath my light linen trousers. Then he smiled and without a word began to loosen his cravat, letting it fall beside him. I watched, confused, as he methodically removed his waistcoat, collar and cuffs, depositing them in a neat pile on the sun-warmed grass. To my shock, he then began to undo the buttons of his shirt.
“I met him in London almost a year ago,” he replied, the speed of his words betraying his agitation. “We became friends and soon began to spend a great deal of time together. He would often come to meet me at my office and we would pass the evening together at my club. Once or twice he came down to Woking to spend the weekend. He was interesting and driven and I admit I admired him, very deeply, but things are not as they once were.”
“I did warn you I was not finished with you,” he said. “Are you going to turn around or would you prefer to continue the conversation with your back turned? Perhaps I should turn mine as well?”
My relief when a hansom drew up outside shortly after eight the next morning and I heard Holmes bounding up the stairs can scarcely be described. It was all I could do to restrain myself from running to him when I saw that his face was grim and his hand wrapped in a bandage. Knowing that he would not wish me to fuss over him, I forced myself to remain standing by the fireplace. It was Phelps, reclining weakly upon the sofa, who enquired as to the wound. Holmes brushed the matter aside and I could see from his movements that the injury was not hurting him excessively, so I contented myself with the thought that I would clean and dress it myself later.
“Forgive me for burdening you, my friend, but I did not know whether or not I could confide these details in Mr Holmes,” he said, with a quick sideways look when I made no response to his story. “I thought that you might be able to advise me in his stead.”
Just as I edited my stories for the public, embroidering them with dramatic detail and judiciously drawing a veil over certain incidents that might prove damaging to either Holmes or myself, I also had to ready them for Holmes’ eyes. Even as I rejoiced in outlining his extraordinary talents, I took pains to minimise my own presence, afraid to share too many of my thoughts and impressions for fear that they might betray more of myself than I wished to reveal to my all-seeing friend. I wrote of Holmes’ height and his narrow frame, of his tireless energy, his attention to the smallest trifle and his genius for not only seeing but observing the world around him. I wrote of his unique method of deductive reasoning and the flair with which he solved cases too grotesque and gruesome for any other mind to master. I did not write of the way he often tapped out mysterious rhythms with his long fingers when deep in thought on a problem, as though unconsciously playing his violin. Nor did I write of his strong features, which I had come to find as compelling as they were unusual, the way his eyes turned stormy when he was on the verge of cracking a case, or the infectious joy that transformed his features when the solution finally became clear to him. I did not write of how, when he turned to me at the moment of inspiration, the solution on his lips, his eyes shone with such passion that it was all I could do not to take his angular face between my hands and kiss him. And I never wrote, nor allowed myself to think, about how much I feared that that only thing in the world capable of bringing happiness to the ruined shell of Dr John Watson was Sherlock Holmes, a man who, once he solved a problem, wrote it down neatly in one of his ledgers and never dwelt on it again.
In my retelling of the affair of the Red-Headed League for the public, I felt it necessary to make a few judicious changes, of which the inspector happily approved, though he had, I hope, no knowledge of the true reasons for my fabrication, or of what really occurred in that silent cellar. In my embroidered account, Holmes led all four of us to the vault of a bank, where we waited together for the dramatic proof of Holmes' theory. In these private memoirs, I may acknowledge that events proceeded rather differently. Holmes made a very clear and convincing case for why Jones and Merryweather would do well to remain outside Wilson’s offices in Saxe-Coburg Square, ready to collar the criminals, whom he assured them would flee the office during the night, while he descended to the cellar, accompanied by me and my revolver.
“Okay,” John says easily. He takes hold of Sherlock’s forearm, still wrapped around his chest, and tugs it tighter around him, wriggling his hips backwards slightly so that the smooth warm curves of his bum nestle even more snugly against Sherlock’s hips and the sleepy flesh of his cock.
“We'll need you to come to the Yard and give a statement,” the inspector said, as another surge of nausea threatened to turn my stomach inside out. “But given the circumstances it can wait until tomorrow,” he added hastily. “Go home and rest, Doctor Watson. I'm sure Mr Holmes will take good care of you.”
“You seemed to enjoy her well enough,” I snapped, unable to prevaricate any longer. “She is just as intelligent as you, and just as cold. You are admirably suited.”
This time, Holmes’ interview with Phelps went as expected, despite the fact that it was conducted in the presence of both the Harrisons. Rather than rhapsodising about religion or flowers – two subjects that I had never known to interest Holmes in the slightest, unless they had bearing on a murder – he asked a few probing questions that elicited more detail about the attempted break in, without revealing that Phelps had recognised the perpetrator. Miss Harrison stood up to join us when Holmes suggested a turn around the garden, but he bade her sternly to remain behind, charging her not to quit the room. To my surprise, however, when Joseph Harrison expressed an intent to join us, Holmes acquiesced immediately.
“Not spying!” To my mortification, I felt my face flush. “I was waiting to see that all went according to plan. Since you did not want me in the room with you, I had no choice but to observe from outside.”
“It was you who took me in your mouth,” I said, daring him to respond. “Among other things. In fact, I believe you initiated all three of our nocturnal encounters.”
“One night, he came home wearing an overcoat that was not his own. It was a warm evening and I could not imagine why he would have borrowed such a garment were it not to conceal something beneath. I had been conducting a small experiment with some of his chemicals and before he could retire to his room and change his clothes, I conspired to spill a mild acid on his sleeve. When he tore off the coat, I saw that there was fresh blood on the front of his shirt.”
“I’m here,” I told him, unthinkingly taking one of his large hands in mine. “What happened? Have you been poisoned?”
“You see, I am not as infallible a logician as you make me out to be,” he said, when at last he pulled away, his cheeks faintly flushed in a way I could now freely acknowledge to myself that I adored. “This is exactly why it is a capital mistake to theorise before one has all the data. In this case, I may have twisted the facts to suit my theories, instead of the theories to suit the facts.”
The following morning, Holmes and I were at breakfast when I received a telegram. “Jagged or torn,” it said. It had come from Baden.
Sherlock ends up in hospital and John sits by his bedside all night, pale and old under the lights. When they get home, the next afternoon, he helps Sherlock to the sofa and slumps down in his own chair, folded in on himself like crushed origami.
This time it was he who placed his cold hand atop mine. His gratitude was conveyed in a gentle squeeze of his fingers and I turned my palm upwards and squeezed his bony hand back, grateful in turn that he had not pried into what lay between myself and the consulting detective on whom his own happiness – and the security of Britain – now depended.
I introduced them as briefly as possible, overcome with discomfort now that the two men were face to face. I was relieved when Phelps dove immediately into an explanation of his troubles, leaving me free to take out my notebook and busy myself with my pen, effectively excusing myself from the conversation. Holmes interrupted once or twice, asking for clarification on several points, as was his habit when interviewing a client, but for the most part he sat in silence, listening to Phelps’ tale.
“John, please. I am happy for you to dictate the order of affairs, as long as whatever you wish to do, you do it right this instant.”
“What did Wainwright want from Whitney?” I asked. “We must end this farce immediately and take you home to Baker Street.”
“And now, doctor, I suggest you depart. You may make your report. It matters not to me. I will deal with Holmes later and I doubt that, once I have taken care of him, I will have any more trouble from you.”
She just stares at him. John clears his throat. A warning. Sherlock resists the urge to roll his eyes.
At this the attendant stepped forward, his eyes on Holmes, and took hold of me by the arm, beginning to tug me towards the door, which was hanging askew from one hinge.
“You were wounded in action in Afghanistan. Having taken a bullet to the shoulder, you made a full recovery, but you believe that your injury has not yet fully healed. Your belief causes you to become the source of your own ongoing pain, preventing you from entering back into the society of your former friends and contributing to the dark circles under your eyes,” Holmes said suddenly, fixing me with a cold, assessing stare. “You do not feel able to resume your professional duties, due to your belief that you are no longer capable of being a good doctor, even to patients whose complaints consist of a sprain or a head cold rather than a bullet to the chest or arteries severed by a bayonet. You have taken to drinking heavily every night, and occasionally in the morning, probably as a means of offsetting the mental aftereffects of combat. Despite that, you have clearly not had a drink these last 24 hours and the result –”
“Happily, it is easily remedied,” I said. “The constable will be back in a minute and we shall fetch Inspector Bradstreet. He will release you immediately he grasps your true identity.”
“It would seem, on the contrary, that I failed to maintain the ‘charade’ for a single minute, since you have obviously been aware of what I was attempting since the moment I awakened. Which event, by the way, has occurred far too soon for my liking. Have you any idea of what time it was when you finally allowed me to sleep?”
Holmes sighed and I heard the bedclothes rustle as he moved. The room was dark but I intuited from the sound that he had been lying with his back to me and had turned over to face in my direction.
Within a few minutes, Phelps had elicited a promise from his fiancée and we had made our way into the sunlight grounds. He walked slowly but steadily, leaning on my arm, and it was some minutes before we reached a small corpse of trees within sight of the house, where he sank onto an ornate, wrought iron loveseat and gestured me to sit beside him. The birds were singing in the trees above us and the smell of cut grass saturated the cool spring air, whispering that summer was on its way. A sudden feeling of optimism swept through me, but when he turned to me it died away, as swiftly as it had come. His face was haggard and he looked almost haunted. Without thinking twice, I reached for his hand. His fingers were cold and surprisingly delicate in mine, more like those of a woman than a man. Then I realised that I had grown use to the feel of Holmes hands, with their long, scarred fingers and strong square palms, and another rush of regret went through me at the way I had left him. I drew my own hand back and placed it on my knee.
“Who else would I be dreaming of but the man who has the skills of a cat burglar and uses them to break into my hotel room and commence unspeakable acts on my person as I sleep?” I said. “My dream had just reached a particularly interesting juncture. Your timing is as impeccable as ever, my dear fellow.”
John drags both hands down his face and clasps them in front of his bent knees. He’s angry again. Very angry.
I was anxious for the sordid case to be finished and most curious to see the woman who had made such a strong impression on Holmes. I gladly agreed to accompany him to Miss Adler’s abode. To my surprise, he retreated to his bedroom and returned in the garb of a clergyman. I was not the first time I had seen him don a disguise and, as I had in the past, I found it in equal measures astonishing and disturbing. Holmes did not simply change his clothes, he seemed to change his entire being. He moved differently, he spoke differently. Even his face somehow conspired to look different, his features altered by expressions that I had never seen on the face of the real Holmes. Despite his lean figure and his striking features, Holmes had somehow adapted to his clergyman’s role in a way that made him seem completely sexless. Knowing him as I did, it was a profound shock to witness all his confidence and effortless grace vanish, replaced with a tentative, shambling walk and a slightly hunched posture that hid both his natural height and his innate poise. Only his eyes were unquenched, glimmering at me with veiled amusement as I gaped at him.
Holmes was gasping, his usual control nowhere in evidence as he pressed hot lips to my neck, his fingers fumbling with my trousers. His hair was tousled and his face almost savage as he stripped off my clothes, pausing only to kiss me with a force that left me breathless, my heart pounding and my lips tender and bruised. Soon I was kneeling before him, naked, still running teasing hands over his body, touching him only through the fabric of his clothes. Despite the strength of my desire, which urged me to strip him of his own garments and satisfy both our needs as expediently as possible, I had never before seen Holmes so lost in arousal, with all his restraint and calculation stripped away. The experience was intoxicating – almost frightening – and I found myself wanting to extend it for as long as possible.
“Wainwright is a snake. He is a frequent visitor to the Bar of Gold, where he moves among the poor men who waste away their lives there, listening to their ramblings and eliciting, with a suggestion here and a question there, their secrets and sorrows and shames. Some, he blackmails simply by threatening to inform their employers or loved ones of their dependence on the drug. Others, he holds to ransom via information elicited when they were too far gone to know what they were saying. Still others, he doctors with stronger drugs, until they will pay him whatever he asks to maintain their dependence. Those who are no longer of use to him are disposed of. There is a trapdoor at the back of the building. The Bar of Gold is the vilest murder-trap on the whole riverside and Whitney was to be its next victim. He had paid what he could to Wainwright and refused to pay more. Last night was to be his final one on earth – until you came in and removed him from right under the inspector’s nose. How on earth did you know where I was and who I was protecting?”
“Yes, damn you,” I snarled, already reaching for him again. “Do you need to hear me say it? It is you that I want. You are all that I’ve wanted since the first day I met you.”
My heart was beating too quickly and my breathing was too fast. I knew that Holmes would notice – had already noticed. He noticed everything. I sat frozen, kneeling before him like a supplicant worshipping at the feet of an indifferent god. He was moving now, sliding sinuously forward off the sofa to sprawl beside me on the floor. The smile on his face was one of challenge.
“I believe it is your aid he is seeking, not mine,” I snapped. “And he hardly dithered out of choice. He has only just recovered from his fever.”
“Because I love you, too,” he said. “I have loved you for months. I never thought I had succeeded in keeping it from you.”
When we had regained our breath, he withdrew from me and I collapsed on my back onto the crate. To my surprise, Holmes lowered himself down atop me, resting his head in the curve of my shoulder. I was about to speak when I felt him shaking and realised that he was laughing.
“In that respect, I was successful. She knew that I had some plan, but she could not have guessed the nature it would take. When you cried out and she saw the smoke, she gave herself away. The photograph is behind a sliding panel above the fireplace. And yet the knowledge is useless to me. She took great delight in letting me know that she had identified me. I have scarcely ever been so surprised as I was when she whispered my name in my ear.”
We lay in silence, breathing in tandem, until eventually I fell asleep, my head still cushioned on his wiry chest. When I awoke, several hours later, he was gone.
To my relief, the question seemed to jar Holmes out of his meditation. Returning to himself, he began to take his leave with every assurance that he would test his theories in London and return to Woking as soon as he had completed his investigations.
He sighed beneath me and reached restlessly for his shirt and I knew that our fragile moment of peace was over.
Reluctantly, I dragged myself from the warmth of my bed and began to dress. Holmes stood by all the while, watching me perform my toilet with a small smile on his face. Although he had by now many times seen me in a state of undress, I found that his unabashed scrutiny left me feeling exposed. I felt his eyes on my bare shoulder, with its patchwork of scar tissue, as I donned a clean shirt, and knew that, in the absence of carnal distractions, he was examining it with an unusually dispassionate disposition. I was well aware that my long-engrained soldierly habits expressed themselves in a spare, practical way of moving, the antithesis of Holmes’ intrinsic elegance. Despite his masculine presence, Holmes possesses the fluid grace of a dancer and I was acutely conscious of the contrast in our manners as I swiftly and efficiently fastened my cuffs and adjusted my watch chain.
“I know you don’t want to hurt me. I saw your face at the pool,” John says in his careful voice. “It’s not about me, Sherlock. I’m a soldier. I don’t mind danger. I like it, you know that. When there’s a reason for it. But you could have killed us. Both of us. And for what? You did not need to conduct that experiment. You didn’t need to test the drug to solve the case. You solved it at the crime scene, didn’t you?”
“A mistake,” he said, with an incredulous laugh. “That is what you call it? I sent you to spy on a pair of murderous thieves who almost killed you. What possible reason could you have for wanting to remain here?”
“I'm fine,” I said reassuringly. I didn't know who I was addressing. The words came out muffled and slurred. There was an awful dry bitterness in my mouth and my tongue seemed heavy and unwieldy, too large for my mouth.
I will never forget the moment I first saw Holmes, bent over a table in the lofty space of the chemical laboratory. He was half-hidden by the mass of tables covered with scattered test tubes, beakers and Bunsen lamps, several lit and burning unattended, their flickering blue flames sending strange shadows leaping around the bare walls and across the high ceiling. My eyes had just fixed on his tall, thin frame, when he suddenly whirled around and began to bound towards us, clutching a test tube in one hand. I had a confused impression of great energy and a powerful, elongated body before my eyes were drawn to his face. His features were striking and unusual, fierce and somehow crow-like beneath a sweep of black hair, but it was his steely grey eyes, which met my own squarely from beneath heavy brows, that transfixed my gaze. They were alight with passion and a strange sort of burning excitement, which was explained as he raised the test tube before Stamford.
“A hypocrite I may be, but you can hardly claim to hold the higher ground,” I said at last. “You are the most conceited man I have ever encountered and cannot believe yourself free of hypocrisy if you hold anyone else in contempt for engaging in practices that you yourself have enjoyed, no matter how deviant you believe them to be.”
I need not have worried. When I awoke, tangled in my sheets, sweating and shaking and certain that I had been screaming just moments before, the sun was high in the sky. Holmes had not returned.
He turned a look of great curiosity on Holmes, who was standing near the doorway, his gaze fixed on Phelps’ pale face.
Holmes’ melodies lingered with me long after he put down his violin and made his way to bed and I would sometimes wake in the night to find them running through my mind. On one or two nights, I was so soothed by his music that I felt able to run the risk of attempting to sleep without the aid of a numbing agent. I longed to learn more about Holmes’ love of music but on this subject also I refrained from questioning him, ever careful to maintain the easy pattern into which we had fallen, which seemed to rely on respecting certain elements of each other’s privacy. We had found a way to live quite harmoniously in this way when I, in a moment of inexcusable pomposity, made a mistake that upset everything.
I schooled my features as carefully as I could but I must have betrayed some flicker of emotion because I saw Holmes glance at me and then a wave of remorse washed over his face. I looked away.
“How distressing for you,” I muttered as I turned away, determined to get my coat and leave Holmes alone with his memento.
“I am not sure to whom that analogy is more insulting,” I said. To my mortification, my voice was shaking. I clenched my fists so hard that my nails scored lines into both palms, knowing that he would hear it and deduce that he had succeeded in hurting me. “However, if my interest in you is truly such an inconvenience, I shall endeavour not to inflict it on you further. Rest assured that you need not fear my presence either in you bed or at your side in future.”
“You really are an automaton,” I said, somewhat defensively. “At times I find you positively inhuman.”
“He told me not to leave this room unattended,” he said, searching my face. “Either Annie or I am to remain here at all times until he calls.”
He was rocking against me rather insistently by this juncture, the proof that he was enjoying this game as much as I was pressing against my naked belly.
“To whom did you refer? I have been labouring under the misapprehension that you are the smartest man in London.”
“Don't. Just don’t,” says John. He sounds tired. “I know who you are. I know and I’m not asking you to change. Not really. You can steal my gun and put body parts in my bed and goad me into doing whatever you want, within reason, but you will not put yourself in unnecessary danger anymore. I mean it, Sherlock. I can’t spend my life thinking you’re going to be snatched away from me. I just. I don’t know if I can live with your death wish.”
A distraught, hiccuping laugh preceded Sherlock's reply – the underlying reproach clearly audible through the pain: "I gave you hundreds of signs, John. You never saw them. Or you didn't want to see them. And then all those women. Pretty clear, wouldn't you say?"
"No! We will retreat, Inspector. Come!" I pull him away from the window, around the corner of rhe house.
John knelt, his forehead resting on his folded hands. He didn't pray. He just knelt there in the church and kept thinking about it. He'd elected to stay here while Gerome went to breakfast. Lauds had finished a while ago. The monks from the abbey had sung and prayed behind the choir screen. With such clarity and serenity that John had got goose pimples all over his body. Such a contrast to the mad tumult inside him.
The chaste-tree berries occupy my thoughts. I find a bowl of them in the Waughs' kitchen, next to a mortar and pestle with traces of the same. I hold it under James Waugh's nose and ask if he knows what it is.
"You spied on the organists? That's rather naughty." The monk chuckled softly. It seemed to amuse him that two men had gained nighttime access to Saint Benedict in such a manner. "God's ways are truly mysterious at times, and those of his servants too." He snorted wryly. "I'll take you out through the choir. Come on."
"That's different," John said. "Then it's YOUR responsibility. Watch out what you sacrifice for it."
"The crisis had to pertain to you, because the whole thing was about you. About us. As a suicide risk I would be admitted immediately and receive intensive treatments. It was a coincidence that Dave was assigned as my physical therapist, and I soon learned he was the one with the Celtic holidays. It was perfect. I could simply interrogate him during the massages, and I discovered that the murders always took place on the same night and in the same park where the Celtic Circle celebrated their rituals. I passed the data on to Lestrade. He verified them. The Celtic Circle always has to obtain a special permit from the park authorities in order to legally celebrate the festival of the first cutting without being disturbed. The murderer made use of that fact to celebrate his own cutting festival, so to speak. Steven Berting worked in administration at the Open Spaces Department and had no problem gaining access to the information. The Celtic Circle itself has nothing to do with the murders."
John woke up in a daze. He was hot, much too hot. His breaths were laboured. He felt beside him, touched the other body. Thank God! Sherlock was there. But something was wrong. John was confused. He felt for the lamp on the nightstand, turned it on and started. It was Sherlock's room. The old room on Baker Street. He wasn't in Siberia. Had they come back home? Sherlock lay beside him in bed and grumbled softly, probably complaining about the light.
For the first time since they'd met, just for a fraction of a second, John saw another emotion in Phil's eyes other than joy and peace. Anger. It was gone the next moment. Their eyes met.
"Then we need to find some other way to get his DNA. Paul Wilmer has all of the missing know-how on Copernicus. And he's the only one who does. Unless someone else got the documentation from him. His wife. Or his brother."
"Holmes," he says softly as he tenderly runs his hand through my Vaseline-sticky hair. "We should get up. The funeral is today."
The next morning everything is out of order. Mrs Walton knocks on our door, which is locked. John and I slept tightly wound around each other. My bed is rumpled and we soiled the linens in an unmistakable manner. John gets up, pulls on his dressing gown, and receives the fresh washing-water at the door whilst I burrow into my bed and feign sleep. John exchanges a few words with Mrs Walton then sets the water on the commode. He comes over and sits down beside me on the bed.
"I'll start reading it right away; today," Sherlock confessed. "If you don't want that, then give it to me when it's better for you."
in the search box and clicked on 'quaere'. He got the login pop-up no matter what he clicked on. Shit. John took a screenshot of the page and printed it out. Just then, his mobile vibrated. Sherlock.
Sherlock had already taken John's hand again. He didn't want to let go of this feeling of connectedness. Never again. No matter what it might mean or what others might say about it. Things soon became quiet around them. The people had left. The night stayed. Sherlock looked into John's eyes, and John reached one hand into Sherlock's hair, which was tangled and kinked from the dampness of the night. John pulled him closer and kissed him. It was a gentle, affectionate advance. John surrendered himself with that kiss, offered himself up. He didn't make any demands, didn't ask for anything. He invited possibilities without insisting.
Ethan  held the tea cup in both hands. He had his head lowered, peering pensively into it. His blond hair was longer than the last time they'd visited, lending him a rakish, unruly air; disordered and wild. And yet it couldn't disguise the fact that he was worn out. Ethan looked tired. The past weeks had unquestionably left their mark on him.
It took a while before all the men had finished their 'body of Christ'. They ate in silence, single-mindedly, lost in thought or prayer. The priest now made the round with the cup. He refilled it for each man, and everyone emptied it.
John's stomach clenched uncomfortably. He felt something stir inside that might have been the initial stages of anger.
"Yes. I didn't know that at the time, but I suspected it might be the treasure spoken of in the note. I decided not to say anything to Thomas for the time being. I took the stone to a jeweller. He told me it was an uncut diamond. He offered to cut and polish it, and to sell it for me. I agreed and received a tidy little sum for it. I was able to buy new beds with good mattresses and new sheets for all of us sisters. And we finally had something proper to eat. I kept a little aside for myself, and donated the rest to the hospital. We've needed a new centrifuge for a while now. I melted down both candles, hoping to find more stones, but it was just the one."
"I know. I just flew in from Canada, from the head office in Richmond. It's about the Iphigenia project. I'm supposed to be helping Mr Legganis. Paul Legganis. He's the technical project director."
Eyes as pale as water found his. The pupils wide, filled with emotion. Sherlock's forehead creased for a moment, maybe he wanted to answer. But then he didn't. They just looked at each other. A long time. Their gazes open. Sombre. Moved. They didn't need any words. They both knew. Knew each other.
Celine smiled. "Can you extend your stay in Switzerland two more weeks?" she asked in a businesslike manner.
My stomach clenches. My throat burns. My eyes sting. My pulse is racing. I hope I can hold out until the Doctor returns. I am chilled. I shiver beneath the cover. I am exhausted, right down to my bones.
, and had been carrying out forbidden rituals in the name of the church. All of the members had been disciplined and released from the priesthood.
John had never seen anything like it before. It was a good-sized handful of chewy, heavily textured bread that he really needed to bite into and chew thoroughly. There was a lot, and it was a nourishing bread that filled him up. He ate with increasing appetite. He was hungry, having arrived without eating dinner. Gerome had instructed him to fast beforehand.
A few minutes later, they left the ritual space together through the King's gateway. Once outside, Sherlock leaned back against the wall. He was exhausted. Pale and shaky. John was shocked when he saw him in the dim light of the attic.
John had pressured him until he tried to ring Molly. But she hadn't answered his calls. John had finally done it for him. They'd spoken to her together. John had been the one to explain everything, the backgrounds and the fact that her life had been on the line, that Sherlock had saved her. She'd accepted it all with a stony expression, including his apology.
Lestrade chuckled grimly. "For attempted kidnapping? They don't have the child anymore, and they haven't blackmailed or killed anyone. And we can't go after them internationally for assault, even if it was with a deadly weapon. Not even mentioning a deployment in international waters. It's definitely not enough."
He stuck the ticket into the passport and casually slid both of them back to John through the hole in the plexiglass.
Ella Thompson didn't follow up, simply let the statement hang in the room. No comment. She simply fell silent.
Martin kept working with John as if nothing had happened. They stood up together and turned toward the King's shield.
The upshot was that only a small handful of people stood at Irina's grave. Sergej, Andrej, John and two of the guards. Andrej was pale and quiet, his expression hard as the priest blessed Irina's final resting place. He'd been released from hospital two days earlier, was still weak and tired. His leg was still in a splint. John and Sergej held him up. It was bitter cold, the sky leaden.
John met Callum's gaze. "Callum. Can you please give me the key?" he asked. "I am really quite desperately afraid for my friend. I need to get to him."
"I don't want to go back to the other flat," John answered. "There are too many memories there. Too many difficult issues. It was all... too short."
John closed his laptop and got up. He'd been working at the table, but now he walked over to where Sherlock was sitting on the couch. He went to him and slowly lowered the screen of Sherlock's laptop. Sherlock took his hands away, surprised, looked up and met John's eyes, the pale blue questioning, maybe a little irritated.
"I don't want you sitting in John's chair," Sherlock snapped at his brother. He was angry. At the fact that Mycroft was waiting for him in his flat, unannounced, but even more at the fact that Mycroft was sitting in the chair he'd had restored for John after the grenade had exploded. It was John's seat.
Sherlock tuned his violin, lost in thought. He closed the window and drew the blackout curtains. He didn't turn the light on, didn't need it. His heart was heavy. Heavy and full. He tried to explore that fullness. He sat on the back of the armchair, his eyes closed, let his arms hang down at his sides holding the violin and bow. The tip of the bow made contact with the floor, rested its weight on the carpet. Sherlock felt the slight counterpressure and deliberately relaxed the muscles of his bow hand. He was more tense than he'd thought.
They were still looking at each other, John sitting there stiffly, straight as a rod. But his eyes had softened and his voice was warm and filled with sadness when he suddenly said, "I miss you too, Sherlock."
"He also came up with a contact for us astonishingly fast," Sherlock went on. "Rather startling given that he said he didn't know anyone, nor was he interested in cooperating."
The golden drink left behind a pungent, burning sensation in his mouth. The spicy aromas of wood and smoke rose into his nose, distributed themselves in his mouth, spread through his head. Autumn, timber, the forest floor. Heat flowed into his body, a wave of warmth and relaxation. It was an excellent single malt. John closed his eyes. The air in the pub was stale and smelled of alcohol, perfume, and sweat. Background noise of chatting, laughing patrons on top of piano music from the speakers. The bar was well frequented, even on a weekday.
John poured milk into Sherlock's tea. No need to ask. The right amount. Old habit. They drank silently. Sherlock took some painkillers. John checked Sherlock's arm and said the bandage would need to be changed after breakfast.
"It's so absolute. I mean: ninety-five percent is already as good as without reservation. But a hundred? You can't trust anyone a hundred percent. Maybe an animal. A dog. But not a person."
"Christ spake: And he that overcometh the darkness, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations: And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; a rod with which the potter's vessels may be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father. And I will give him the morning star." *
When I look to the willows the second time, he is there. John Watson. He stands, legs akimbo, on the bank between the two trees, watching me. I move toward him through the water, climb out of the pond. He will see the state of my body, but I do not care. He should see it. He should know it and sense how greatly I desire him.
Copernicus-SL3 had been launched into orbit three years earlier with the purpose of transmitting data about the weather and environment. The Canadian company that had built it, McDonald Dettwiler and Associates, Ltd. – MDA for short – had sent a technical brief upon request. It was better than nothing, but it wasn't enough.
John sighed. “Thank you for everything you’re doing. I know it’s not what we expected and I fully understand what we’ve had to put on hold while he’s here.”
Sherlock groaned against his forearm and rolled his hips against John's groin. “Need to know masses and velocity … velocity being how fast you … how fast I …”
Soon after, Erebus and Mycroft arrive with Pavo, Vela, Cetus, and Hudi. Hudi has sent the rest of the Junior Council to the swimming hole, for a little extra recreation after dinner, and seems nervous to have left them unattended. She rubs her wings together and looks off in the distance, but there’s nothing to see from where they’re gathered.
“Well, it’s just that I—I—I’m not sure exactly what I’d say. To be honest, I’ve talked to Pastor about it several times now, and—”
Sherlock brushed the tip of his tongue over John’s pubic hair, barely touching, and John’s hips jerked in time with a low growl. Sherlock knew what this felt like, this whisper of a touch that stirred need into desperation. All those times swimming in the quarry, all that roughhousing, clinging to each other, arms and legs flailing, being careful, so careful with where their hands landed, but hoping, waiting for the slightest contact, something accidental, something brilliant. Sherlock knew what it felt like when John’s ankle or hip or finger skimmed close, just close enough to awaken something into sudden hunger. He blew hot breath onto John’s balls and cock and inner thighs, and the waft of John’s scent rose up to meet him.
John pushed his plate away and tapped the blunt tip of his finger on the table to get Sherlock’s attention. “I saved your life because you’re an idiot and you were going to take that pill, and because your life is worth saving whether you’re with me or not. You don’t owe me a damn thing, Sherlock Holmes.”
They tell him about the meetings the four of them had, floating on floes for privacy, and they even tell him about John's idea to stab Moringa with icicles, and how hard they searched the iceberg, and how desperate they felt, counting down the days, unable to find Moringa’s hiding place.
Sherlock huffed. “John, as that would take me at least two weeks, I would much rather you tell me now.”
Erebus thought that everyone knew about, and accepted, his relationship with Selvic. They had never hid the nature of their love, never made a secret of their affection for each other. His parents, he soon came to understand, saw friendship, and nothing more. No, they explained to him, a friendship with a male was fine, but it was time to court, to bond, to
“I used to fantasize about you fucking me, wearing nothing but this jacket. You, the captain of the football team, ordering me around, pushing me down on my knees, making me suck your dick, then bending me over a desk, a table, whatever, and fucking me senseless.”
“Red ribbon. Mrs. Hudson always does this thing with ribbon curling around the tree. I’d like to replicate the effect on our tree.”
The ice chip on his tongue is long gone, and he’ll need to resurface soon, but he plants his feet on either side of the odd parcel, grips it in his beak, and tugs. It barely budges. He pulls again, and again, his feet slipping and sliding. He digs his claws just inside the opening of the slit in the ice, grabs as much of the water plant in his bill as he can, and redoubles his effort.
Sherlock got both hands between them and undid John’s fly, then hooked his thumbs through two belt loops and shimmied the jeans down over John’s hips. He pushed at his underwear, nudging it down just far enough to cup John’s ass with both hands, fingers spread and kneading. John seemed torn between lifting up into Sherlock’s hands, and pushing down against the hardness jutting out of Sherlock’s unbuttoned jeans. The result was a delicious rutting that had them both groaning and whining and gasping.
“I did. My parents kept a very close eye on me during the journey back to Pobeda. But they couldn’t watch me every bit of every day. They had to hunt, and sleep, like the rest of us. When I could, I took my leave. I swam, Sherlock, not unlike you did, to the Shelf. There are few other places in this sea for emperors to go, and I knew that Selvic’s parents would seek out another colony. So, I went to the Shelf.”
“That’s … yeah, that’ll do for now. Jesus.” John was closer to the box of tissues on the nightstand, so he reached over and tossed it onto Sherlock’s chest.
“I suppose it depends on how many guests you think you’ll have and how long they’ll plan to stay. It’s a big job and not one you need to do right away.”
“Okay. Yes. Okay. Mr. and Mrs. Watson, thank you for dinner. It was, as usual, excellent. And thank you for sharing your idea with me. I’m sure it’ll all work out just fine. It’s a great idea. I need to, I’m just going to—”
“So, not enough plows, promises that never materialized, and PR gaff after PR gaff pretty much ensured that he lost the re-election.”
Sherlock looks at Siger, and then at Mycroft. They are both perfectly calm, and would look almost bored, if not for the slight flaring of feathers around Mycroft’s bill, and the narrowing of Siger’s eyes. Pavo and Vela, to Mycroft’s right, look completely gobsmacked, as if they never even considered the peng before them capable of such hostility and malicious intent. Cetus, on the other side of Erebus, has moved half a step closer, as if to restrain his friend if necessary.
John nodded and pulled back enough to meet his eye. “I understand. I’ll give you as little or as much space as you need. Whatever makes you comfortable.”
John looked beautifully frantic now, fantastically desperate as he let his weight rest on Sherlock’s thighs and hand, as his head rolled back and forth on his shoulders, as he squirmed and fucked himself on Sherlock’s fingers.
The obligatory brooding period is over, but the introductions and pleasantries continue. Sherlock watches the other chicks, observes their movements, their calls and mannerisms. Most stay pressed to the sides of their parents, peering out to answer banal questions about their favourite crustaceans, or the view of the ice shelf this time of year. He meets no one of interest.
John looks at Sherlock for a long moment, then gently bumps the top of his head against Sherlock’s sleek neck. “You did impress me. You very much impressed me with your talk about physics, and all the things you could deduce about other pengs, and your thoughts about the legends.”
“Sir, Sherlock and I were talking last night, and he told me a little about you and Selvic. I’m very sorry, Sir, for your loss, and also for what the colony put the two of you through when you were younger. To be honest, it had never occurred to me that wanting to be with someone who wanted to be with you, would ever be anyone else’s business, so I was pretty angry last night.”
He flips back to the very beginning, to what he already knows is his favorite shot. They can only be three or four years old, dressed in tank tops and shorts in primary colors, brown leather sandals, and band aids. They’re sitting on the tire swing that used to hang from the massive Oak in Sherlock’s backyard. The tire hangs parallel to the ground, tethered in three spots by rope that is knotted together above their heads, then slung over and anchored to an out-of-sight branch. They are in motion. Sherlock is facing the camera, smiling, cheeks flushed. The sun has set his hair alight, each curl shining bright as the sky. He’s kicking his legs out, trying to accelerate the tire’s twist and twirl. Next to him, John is gripping a rope with one hand. He’s smiling, but he’s not looking at the camera. He’s looking at Sherlock, and his other arm is extended, fingers outstretched toward those curls, his entire upper half leaning into Sherlock’s space.
Sherlock licked deeper into John’s mouth in response and freed them just long enough to let John take him in hand. He gripped John’s erection again, wrapping him in a tighter fist than he was able to when he was stroking both of them together. He wanted to wrap his legs around John’s waist but the tub wasn’t wide enough, so he bent them at the knee and pressed his thighs to John’s arse. The water made everything slick and easy, and the sensation of John’s arse slipping and sliding against him as he flexed into Sherlock’s fist made his balls contract and his belly clench.
Sherlock speaks for the first time since he started down this unexpected path. “Yes, John, I understand. Together, everything, whatever you need, yes. Just now, if you could just–”
“Yes, that’s what I’ve been told. And to the left is the ‘new house,’ or so we call it, even though it’s close to two-hundred-fifty years old. That’s the drawing room through there, and if we keep going down this hallway, past the staircase, we’ll find the dining room, sitting room, a games room, and the kitchen, which was brought upstairs from the lower level at some point by my grandparents. Upstairs there’s a whole mess of bedrooms, although most of them have been closed off for decades. Hopefully, we’ll find the master is still habitable. So far it all looks like it did when I was here on leave about a year ago.”
"Second, the Council is required to hear from all pengs involved, including secondary witnesses, regarding said allegations. An accused peng can choose to waive his or her right to share their version of events, but in response, the Council has the right to solicit impressions on behalf of the accused.
“I must admit, this is surprisingly tasty. How do they get the crust so crispy? Wait, don’t tell me, I’ll figure it out.”
“God, your neck.” John ran the back of his fingers down the side of Sherlock’s neck, then lightly grasped the back of it.
“There are three cameras inside, each focused on separate doorways. Those were off for the same duration of time and show nothing out of the ordinary.”
Sherlock did not want to close his eyes. He wanted to stare at the moonlight bouncing off of John's back, he wanted to look at each and every eyelash visible to him from this angle, he wanted to see the exact moment that –
, Johnling. We can kiss, and touch, like we used to when we were young, in the ice cave. Remember?” Sherlock tilts his head down at an angle most flattering to his long neck, and blinks up at John.
They rounded the corner onto their street, and John started digging into his pocket for the keycard.
Sherlock’s heart dives. His eyes fill. He turns toward Erebus, tucked up by John’s side. His beloved friend’s eyes are closed, and his head rests on his chest above crossed wings.
“No, we should go. If you want to see it we'll definitely go.” John's fingertips were grazing the side of Sherlock's pectoral.
One more kiss, then Sherlock was chasing John’s mouth as he pulled away and leaned over the bed, rummaging in his jeans’ pockets. Sherlock’s heart, despite knowing the journey he’d set in motion, despite welcoming it, sped up fast. He could feel it beating high in his throat.
“We will bring the tooth to the High Council, as well, for safekeeping, and further examination. It is to be neither destroyed, nor heralded, until the High Council has had its say.
The two pengs beam at each other, and Sherlock thinks about his own mother, and hopes that he has brought her even a fraction of the delight that Anahera seems to bring Terina. When he gets back to Pobeda, he will make sure she knows how special she is. He’s not sure how he will do that, but he’ll try.
“John did great!” Molly gushed. “He kept Stephan right on the edge the whole time, leading him on, then acting all sad, like he wasn't worth the time of day. I had such a hard time not staring, it was perfect!”
They moved on. A small display of lube caught Sherlock’s attention. Lube was safe. He understood lube, and these were all categorized by ingredients, flavors, and use. He picked up a tube from the ‘GREAT FOR ANAL ACTIVITY!’ section and read the description. John bumped his arm and jerked his chin toward the product in Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock nodded, scanning John’s face for any telltale signs of insincerity. There were none. His John was patient and had a strong moral compass. Of course he would put another’s safety before his own pleasure. With that realisation, Sherlock fell in love a smidgen more; a rather large smidgen.
John comes close, so close, but stops with his bill a feather’s breadth from Sherlock’s ear. “Sherlpeng, my love. I will do so much more than kiss you, I promise.”
Hydra, other than vaguely resembling one, has nothing to do with eels. I liked the idea of the snaky figure being tied to an aquatic version of Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden, so I turned Virgo into Eve, and Hydra into Satan, and called it a day. I can't apologize. These pengs are entitled to their own mythology.
“Um, well, more than friends, obviously, and I'd have to say, even though we haven't discussed it, we’re, you know, together, like boyfriends, not
It was a garment that Maiko said was just barely this side of appropriate, and perhaps more useful as a plaster. She also said, however, that there was no better way to highlight Sherlock's curvy thighs and calves, or the slightness of his waist, or the grace of his neck and shoulders, and that's what Sherlock was thinking when he pulled the dress off the rack and shimmied into it.
When they start out from the Shelf, Sherlock calculates it will take them 90 degrees of the sun to reach Pobeda, which, at 15 degrees per hour, is six hours.
Oh, gods, Sherlock wants to kiss John so badly he can barely stand it. John must recognize Sherlock’s want, because when he looks up from his unnecessary grooming, a muscle in his cheek twitches, and the tip of his tongue peeks out.
“And you're a mess, you're so hot, and you want it so bad, and, fuck, I'm so hard for you, so I kneel behind you and rub myself over your hole –”
They finished preparing their meal and carried it into the dining room. John had lit the candles and Sherlock had found some soft music to play in the background. The food was delicious and the wine went down easily, but Sherlock was too distracted to finish. John kept one hand over Sherlock's on the table, as if trying to settle him.
“At least you don’t have Dr. Kirchner on your back every moment of the day,” Molly muttered, pulling the next ticket for a Chemex pour-over. Molly pulled out a fresh paper filter and pulled apart the four leaves of the paper circle, folding them in half to fit into the top of the Chemex pot, making sure that the side with three pieces lay against the pour spout.
In turn, Sherlock pulsed his fingers into the hard muscle of John’s thigh and thought about John training with the football team, about John in his skintight uniform, about John laying naked on the sun-baked rock at the quarry, John’s thighs bright with sunlight and waterdrops, John’s thighs shaking and clenching, John’s thighs covered with Sherlock’s come.
“Well, yes, now that I really think about it, I guess you are a complete idiot. Let's talk about inches again.”
Greg and Kevin were in the next room and had a prime people-watching spot at a table facing the bar. Sherlock and John squeezed in next to them, Sherlock next to Kevin against the wall and John next to Greg on the opposite side.
“I have one driver at my disposal and he’s been in my service since I came home from the war. The scar tissue on my leg makes it difficult for me to drive. I give him my schedule at the beginning of the week and he comes at the necessary times. He drives to my house but we use my car. I have a cook who comes three days a week to make and leave meals for me. She has been with me for six months. I have a cleaning lady who comes once a week. She’s a young Polish woman, speaks little English, and has been with me for about six weeks. The last one got married and moved away. And that’s it. I had around the clock security for the first six months after the accident, but when the death threats stopped it was deemed that I was no longer in danger and they were removed.”
Sherlock hears the crunch of tyres on gravel and pulls off his beekeeping gloves. He moves around the side of the cottage to see who’s come to disturb him, and stops at what he sees. He pulls off the protective veil, as well.
Next to him on the couch, John was radiating vibes of indignation. They had both spent the two days after Mary Morstan’s capture being questioned by Mycroft’s minions and had looked forward to a quiet night in. Mycroft’s arrival and subsequent dressing down were not even close to what they’d had planned for the evening. Sherlock placed his hand over John’s clenched fist and squeezed.
Then he noticed the little red dialogue box above the envelope icon. He had fifty-three new asks. Could people be unfollowing him because he hadn't checked his asks in over a week? He checked them.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “No one can possibly know what’s true or untrue in this situation, John. No one knows. What I do know is that Mycroft blames me. It doesn’t matter if I blame myself or not. Mycroft blames me. That’s why he doesn’t come home, and that’s why we never talk, and that’s why I don’t go there.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reached for his darkest, tightest jeans. “Yes, but the shirt, how does it look?”
Sherlock stood and silently undid his cuffs and the first three buttons of his shirt, slipped off his belt, shoes, and socks, and stretched out on the bed next to John.
“What? No, of course not! I have tons of wine and champagne left over from the party, so we’re covered there, and I have food for breakfast tomorrow, extra pillows and blankets, all that stuff. It’ll be better than yelling at each other over a bunch of drunk strangers, and you won’t have to worry about getting back to the hotel.”
“That bottle of Scotch costs over £300, that’s why. Maybe your parents are saving it for a special occasion?”
That Apo was not stopped remains the greatest regret of penguin civilization everywhere, Vela explains now. What happened next is their heaviest burden.
“No, you’re right. We should take our time. Maybe, if you want, I could …” Sherlock stopped. John would want what he was about to suggest, wouldn’t he? Of course he would. Why did he feel so awkward talking about it?
“What’s going on?” John asks, as they approach. They join the circle gathered around Cetus, and try to peer over Molling and Irena’s shoulders.
Closing in on him was the sound of another skater, and then John was not only passing him but turning as he passed so he was skating backward. John wasn’t as graceful as Sherlock on skates, but what he lacked in finesse he more than made up for in power, strength, and sheer stubborn will. If John wanted to be fast, he made his body fast, and if he was somewhat clumsy while doing so, so be it.
"This dress is slit to my upper thigh, Maiko. If we get as far as under arm turns tonight he will most definitely see my seams."
“They barely fit me, see?” Sherlock runs his fingers up his inner thighs and rubs against the sensitive flesh spilling out the sides of the strip of silk. He's growing hard now, his cock thickening and pressing against its bindings.
Sherlock wasn't a big fan of surprises, but he made an exception for John, because John's surprises never failed to please. He gave John a slow, sloppy kiss, and took another turn on his back, making sure to rub against John at every point possible as he rolled off him.
Sherlock’s worry that Erebus may do something physical is increasing with every one of his choked off grunts.
“A visit to a museum I think you’ll like in the afternoon, and dinner with Kevin, Greg, and Mycroft in the evening.”
“Nuh-uh. If you need help then I’m not doing my job.” He rose up a little higher above Sherlock so that each stroke drove in at a steeper angle, and within a few thrusts, he had himself exactly where Sherlock needed him.
They had about forty minutes to shower and change, and as much as Sherlock wanted to join John in the shower, wanted to touch him and kiss him and not let him go until neither of them could remain standing anymore, he knew that they didn’t have time for anything more than ramping up his own frustration.
John took another sip of coffee and looked down at his list. “The Art Institute, the Museum of Contemporary Art, the Cultural Center, Michigan Avenue, the Lincoln Park Zoo, a play at either Steppenwolf or the Goodman, the Bean, the Robie house, the Shedd Aquarium, the Adler Planetarium, and the Field Museum. That’s sort of a lot.”
“No, I meant, remember when we were studying the dinosaurs in the sixth grade? That’s when. We were studying the Sauropodomorpha, and I looked over, and you were drawing an Euskelosaurus, and it had a football jersey on, and your tongue was sticking out because you were focusing so hard, and Mrs. Hamill asked you a question, and you didn’t even look up, you just said, ‘twisted shaft,’ and she sent you to the principal, but you were right, because —“
John is holding the lip gloss in one palm, and he licks his lips now and gives Sherlock a curious look. “Is this what you used on your lips, love?”
He wonders what John would say in this situation, and can just about imagine his husband's response. “Well, she might, but that's easier said than done. We don't even know where she is.”
"Check the freezer if you want. I had strawberry frozen yoghurt last night. And why are you so hung up on – oh god. What'd you do to the ice cream?"
“Of course.” Sherlock loved the house and the grounds, and he loved the outlying fields with their gentle streams and colourful outbursts, all that heather and gorse, thistle and bluebell. He thought back to their first outing in Perthshire, to their picnic on the River Tay, where John had told him in Gaelic,
Sherlock sits up straight in his chair and assumes a very serious expression, as if he’s about to deliver a lecture on Ecuadorian Sumatra tobacco ash, and then says, “John.”
John kisses Sherlock and Sherlock kisses back, until they can hardly breathe, can only pant against each other. Sherlock’s wings are trembling, and his feathers are a mess, and John looks exactly the way Sherlock feels, dishevelled and dreamy and not at all in control.
“Sherlock!” Angelo boomed. “It’s been too long my friend, too long!” He clapped Sherlock on the shoulder and held an arm out to his side, gesturing towards an intimate table at the front window, the best seat in the house. “So nice you brought your boyfriend in for a meal! Let me get another candle, a better candle, for the table. More romantic.” He then had the utter audacity to wink at them before disappearing behind a counter. Sherlock carefully studied the shine on his black leather boots. Next to him, John rocked back and forth on the heels of his navy blue and white converse, hands clasped behind his back, chin up.
It starts low in Sherlock's gut, like a rumble of digestive illness about to burst free of his body. By the time it reaches his chest, it has gathered enough force to manifest as full body shudders. It gains speed, tickling his tongue as it rushes past his bill, filling the air around them. Hilarity. It is the sound of hilarity, and Sherlock can do nothing to stop it.
Sherlock was turning into a puddle, and had slid, legs spread, down the wall until he could grind against the thigh John had inserted between his. Head thrown back, John’s hands in his hair, John’s mouth on his ear and neck and shoulder, he found himself completely at John’s mercy.
We're getting close to the end, and tbh, that makes me sad. It's been an amazing journey, though, and their story isn't over.
John shook his head and rubbed Sherlock’s back. “Not at all. These little stolen moments are enough. I love sharing a bed with you and being close to you. I like having you in my arms. It doesn’t have to be more than that.”
John’s hands were combing through Sherlock’s hair and sliding down his back, and his thighs were brushing against Sherlock’s. Sherlock reached out and tentatively placed his hands on either side of John’s legs and John sighed into his mouth. Growing bolder, he slid his fingers up and down a few inches, and then around to the backs of John’s thighs. Their kisses deepened as Sherlock explored the musculature of John’s hamstrings, and when John began to slowly press Sherlock backward onto the bed, Sherlock let go and let himself be positioned. He expected John to crawl on top of him or lie down next to him, but instead, John kneeled on the floor between Sherlock’s spread thighs, and said, “My God, your legs.”
If you've been reading the endnotes pertaining to mental health and cognitive behavioral therapy, you may be interested in an article I wrote for Carnation Books about Imposter Syndrome. You can find Part I
Sherlock padded into the bathroom to relieve himself, and passed John on his way back to bed. He punched the flatness out of his pillows, and pulled the covers up to his chin. John switched off the bathroom light and crossed the room, yawning and scratching the back of his head, then crawled under the blankets and into Sherlock's arms. Sherlock rested his chin on top of John's head, and threw one of his legs over John's calves. John wriggled until he was comfortably tucked against Sherlock's neck, chest, and hips, and they both fell asleep again.
"Well done, Lestra. If I might interrupt you for just one moment?" Erebus rocks back and forth, his wings clasped behind his back. "And well done to you, too, Moringa. I cannot find the words to express how extraordinarily pleased I am with your diligent efforts toward training your apprentice. Truly, his grasp of emperor law, after only a few moons, is to be commended.
“Do you know where you’re going?” John asks him, running his wings down between the undersides of Sherlock’s, and his body.
Sherlock sits in the back, head ducked down, and tries to catch his breath. His mother had begged Professor Bonnat to let him audit the class, had promised he would be no trouble at all. She had made great claims of his talent. And now here he is, unable to move.
Sherlock rolled back so John could sit up. He watched him crawl to the bottom of the bed, then look back over his shoulder, and ask, “How do want me?”
Sherlock sat back and held John around his chest so that John could sit upright in his lap with his legs on either side of Sherlock’s. John reached back with one arm and gripped Sherlock's hip.
Janine adjusts expectations now, offering a bit of hope after such profound tragedy and failure. "No one ever knew what became of Pōrangi. For a while, pengs everywhere searched for her remains, and when they could not find those, they searched for just one thing: her tooth. Because surely a tooth of such significance would prevail, would it not? They searched and they searched, and in time, hopes of finding the tooth slipped away, too."
John laughed and rolled out of arm’s reach. “Oh, sure, try to distract me from my own stupidity with talk about inches. Whose are we talking about? Yours, or mine?”
It was easy to get lost in the menu. It was selective, but everything read like culinary ecstasy. Carpaccio with baby arugula, cherry tomato, fresh mozzarella, and mustard vinaigrette; calamari Siciliana with red onion, capers, and fresh tomato sauce; steamed mussels in saffron white wine sauce – at this rate, Sherlock wasn’t going to make it out of the antipasti section until the new year.
“So am I. Listen to me. In what world would two people who have been through everything together, who have spent their lives together, who love each other and would do literally anything for each other, not also have
Sherlock teetered back to the bar where John was icing his knuckles, and stood on the far side of Laffitte, who was just beginning to stir.
Sherlock kissed the top of John's head and drew circles on his hip bone. "The first time I let you see, your wedding. The first time you let me see, in the hospital, after she shot me. The first time we spoke about it, that Christmas Eve. The first time we kissed, the day after Mycroft turned the plane around. The first time you – you –"
And so, that’s why, when John tore a piece of crusty Italian bread in half, offered a piece to Sherlock, and said, “So do you, then? Have someone? A boyfriend?” Sherlock reached into the basket for his own piece of bread, took a deep breath, locked it all down, and said, “Yes, I do.”
“Shhh. Not your story. You're kissing me, and playing with my ass, and I'm rubbing my prick on your leg, and pulling your hair, and it's like, all that pent up wanting is making us nuts. So, I open the back door and tell you to kneel on the seat with your ass in the air –”
“Think nothing of it.” She closed the door behind her but Sherlock waited until he heard the door to her own flat click shut before he went to the bathroom and began to strip out of his clothes.
They giggled their way back into the bitter cold, hailed a cab, and made out in the back seat for the ten minutes it took to arrive at Kevin's building at the corner of Columbus and South Water Street.
Sherlock was less comfortable describing the how than the what. The how involved having memorised every detail of John that he’d been able to see in their short encounters, the way he stood and talked and moved, his choice of words and his haircut and his clothing, the way he’d trained his muscles to move, the way he was leaning into Sherlock’s space and licking his lips and … no. There was no way to tell John how he knew what he knew without coming across like a completely obsessed, infatuated nutter.
“Sherlock, look at me.” John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and tilted it down as he tilted his own up. “Your clothes aren’t your armor. I am.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I take no credit for that bow. Although I did pick that paper from the options available. I didn’t think you’d want the pink ponies and rainbows. Open it.”
June 10, 2015: I have now edited this document in accordance with KarlyAnne's beta-ing recommendations. She has brit-picked, caught my lay/lie issues, recommended changing "alright" to "all right" in several places, caught errors, and generally cheered from the sidelines. This fic is better for it.
And that does it. That takes Sherlock down to his knees, where John can easily push him onto his back and straddle him. “This what you want, Sherlock? Is this what you meant when you said you wanted me to humanize you? Because I will, Sherlock. I’ll strip you down to your bones and put you back together again, but you’re going to have to tell me right now, Sherlock, how much you’re going to give back, yeah? Because I said romantic entanglement, and that’s what I meant. I didn’t say quick shag, and I didn’t say fuck buddy, and I didn’t say let’s-get-off-but-no-homo, yeah?”
They talked for another hour, James providing information about Daniel’s body language and tone of voice, little details about his demeanour and attitude that Sherlock used to create a composite of a man who was trying hard to cover his anger and appear charming and genuine. When they parted, James said, Daniel had put one hand on James’ bicep and kissed his cheek, but did not suggest a nightcap or make any other advances.
John was heavy on top of him, solid, delicious. Their movements were frantic, scrambling and groping, their kisses filthy wet things while their hips rutted and rolled, desperate.
“Sherlock and John, find Moringa. Tell her that she is to make herself available to me immediately. Stay with her. I will talk to her before the Council Meeting
He resurfaced in Baker Street to find it was already dawn; he'd been away for hours. Pulling a blanket off the back of the couch and covering himself against the chill, Sherlock drifted off to sleep with a plan to wake in the late morning, head home, and give Mummy the news she'd been waiting to hear. The green folders that had been so much a part of her life for the last two years might finally become a thing of the past. God knows what she'd find to fill her time next.
“Not as much as I am with this,” Sherlock said, voice low, cupping the front of John’s briefs with his palm.
John's hands are running up the firm backs of Sherlock's thighs now, skimming over his stockings, edging closer and closer to the swell of his bottom.
“Mycroft. We have come very far. The journey has exceeded both our expectations. It will not end here, the work we have done, together. We do not end here.”
, Sherlock being particularly partial to anything by Vance Joy), they had fallen into a snug silence, looking out at the passing world from the warmth of the pickup's cab. The fields were endless expanses of virgin white, the road lined with wire fences that had little piles of the stuff on top of their wood posts, every few miles punctuated by brick houses and red barns. Even the discarded tractors and farming equipment tucked up to the side of garage bays, sometimes sitting in front yards, seemed picturesque, everything blanketed, hibernating. Tree branches hung low, heavy with the weight of Mother Nature’s favorite toy: snow, so much snow.
“I know that in the Hindu faith, the number nine represents perfection. Maybe it’s the same for the Bahá'í?” Sherlock took one last look before turning back to the road. “Did you want to stop?”
"Ah. Yes. And you are waiting." It is not a question. "Sherlock, have you noticed that everyone else is waiting, too?"
Imi seems content with this glossing over of the catastrophic events that defined that time in John's life, and he assumes that it's because she's too young to be aware of all the ways that grownups can inflict damage on each other. He expects her to ask where Mary went, or why she didn't come back, but instead she takes the photograph back and says, “Why did you get married to Mary if you loved Papa?”
“What are you going to do?” John’s left knee was jiggling up and down, and his fingers were tapping out a frantic pace on the naugahyde seat.
Sherlock nodded again, head down, tears flooding his eyes. And John, his John, who knew him so well, turned him around, wrapped him in his arms, and held him.
The restaurant is half-full and buzzing quietly with the subdued chatter of couples and small groups dining at candle-lit tables. It is brightest toward the back, where the servers meet at the kitchen window, hanging tickets and arranging plates of steaming food on large trays.
John laughed. “You tosser. Yeah, he would be. Is that your plan then? To set up a trap and catch the guy in the act?”
He was tempted to inspect himself one more time, but knew he was as clean as he’d ever be down there. He’d researched this online, several times, and had finally settled on a technique that involved a pop-top water bottle filled with warm, sterilized water, and squatting in the tub. After a few false starts he’d been able to insert the tip of the bottle, squeeze, hold, release, and repeat.
Behind them the door opened, and above them the bird spooked and flew back into the rain. John stepped out to join them, dripping wet, leaving puddles under his shoes.
John coated his hard-on with lube, then lifted Sherlock’s other leg over his other shoulder, and lowered himself, hands near Sherlock’s ribs.
Sherlock blinked himself back to the feeble reality that existed outside of John’s adorable nose. “I, uh, have all the stats with me, here, from the whole season, if there’s anything in particular —”
“I don’t know,” John Watson had said. “I got a note to arrive at this time.” John pulled a paper out of his pocket, unfolded it, and shrugged. “It says the door would be open and to come to the first room on the left. So, I did.”
They stomped the snow off their boots outside the kitchen door, toe’d them off just inside, and left them on the
Sherlock reaches out to touch Erebus' wing, and for a moment he feels a deep peace resonate between them. He looks away when he feels something akin to a skirmish taking place in his pouch, and when he looks down he is greeted by a fluffy hatchling bottom. “Wrong way,” he says.
Mycroft realigned the silverware that Sherlock must have jostled with his elbow. “Let’s table this conversation for now, shall we? We can discuss it again over the next few months. I just wanted you to have some idea of the situation so that you can begin to think about what you might want to do. Nothing has to be decided the moment you turn twenty-one, but I wouldn’t want to delay too long.”
The voices get louder as they sneak closer. Backs to the berg, they halt just before the curve of the ice would give them away. Sherlock cups his wingtips to his aural patches, and leans in as far as he dares. The wind cooperates only every few words.
Sherlock does not let Anahera watch. Eventually, she falls asleep under the support and protection of his wing. Erebus joins them, and offers to take Anahera under his own wing so that Sherlock can rest.
“Yeah, actually, I did.” John rolled onto his back and stretched again, then turned back toward Sherlock and propped himself up on one elbow. He combed Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead with his fingers and chuckled. “You have the best bedhead, you know that?”
James recounted what he must have told John the night before. He’d been out to get his haircut at 10:00 a.m., driven by his driver who had stayed with him the entire time. They hadn’t been gone more than an hour and nothing looked disturbed when they got back to the house. He had read the newspaper for half an hour and eaten the lunch that his cook had prepared for him earlier in the day. The cook had left the house to do the grocery shopping when he and his driver had left for the barber. After eating he had watched the news, then had gone upstairs to his bedroom to fetch a book. It was then that he found the note on his nightstand, folded in half and propped up on its two ends. It had been written on a piece of paper from his own notepad and with his own pen. Nothing had been taken and there were no signs of a forced entry.
“Your sister’s a cheeky one,” Sherlock said, winking at Alice, who turned bright red, tucked her hair behind her ear, and wove through the tables toward the kitchen.
around young Sherlock’s neck is not found south of here. It is not found north of here. That particular seaweed is found east of here, and some distance at that. You have indeed been travelling a long time.
The next several days passed for Sherlock in a monotonous pattern of thinking about John, texting John, and waiting for John to come over. John, who was busy helping his dad with odd jobs around the farm, reported that the days were passing quickly, but for Sherlock, being without John for long periods of time was a bit like living under the effect of extra gravity. Sherlock capitulated between hating his new atmosphere and trying to get comfortable with it. He stayed away from John's house in order to not rile Mrs. Watson, helped Mrs. Hudson where he could, and tested his existence within the confines of less-than-usual-John space.
He does not look back. He takes a deep breath, presses his wing over the tooth to which he is bound, and dives.
Rudy caught someone’s eye in the dining room, and gave a short nod of acknowledgment. “Hey, come with me. We’ll find Kevin, and then I’m going to go check in with Scott.”
“Okay. Let’s narrow it down. I don’t feel like German, Swedish, or Greek. I’ve never had Russian, Korean, or Ethiopian and don’t need to experience them tonight. What about you?”
"She should, then. Knight Sherlock. Sherlockelot. And Doctor Soldier John of the Square Kitchen Table."
John stands in the bright, airy kitchen and stirs more black pepper into the pasta sauce, taps the wooden spoon on the side of the pot, and wipes his hands on a tea towel. Satisfied that the simmering sauce can fend for itself for a while, he walks out into the back garden where Sherlock is sitting with Imi in his lap, the two of them happily lost in their own little world. As they talk Imi styles Sherlock's hair, her five-year-old fingers making short work of little plaits and ponytails all over his head, each secured with a pastel barrette or bright elastic band.
“She doesn't know, John. She's safe in her shell, sleeping and having little hatchling dreams. She wants her parents to be happy, don't you think?”
Sherlock’s nodding head said ‘yes’ before his brain could come up with an answer based on any reasonable analytical process. The table was between them though, and John was half out of his seat and straining over it when he laughed and started giggling. “Maybe we could go back to your place? And I could kiss you there? Would that be okay?”
On the drive home Mrs. Hudson filled him in on the farm, caught him up on all the local gossip, and asked him five thousand questions about the start of his sophomore year at college. Had it been anyone else, he would’ve ignored everything but the farm update, and sulked out his window. Mrs. Hudson was so sincere in her affection for him, though, and she asked for very little. He would indulge her just about anything.
Sherlock tried to take a mental picture of John, his John, looking so earnest, so sincere. He looked at his blond eyelashes, and the curve of his eyebrows, and the lines of his forehead, waiting for Sherlock to answer. He looked at his upturned nose, and the tip of his tongue on his bottom lip, and his eyes, his beautiful eyes. He looked at John in his arms, and he kissed him, and he said, “I know. It’ll be okay.”
When John was settled between Sherlock’s legs he kissed each hip bone and smiled up at Sherlock. Settling his hands on Sherlock’s waist and rubbing his thumbs into the smooth skin of his lower belly, John held Sherlock’s eye as he lowered his head and licked a long, slow stripe up Sherlock’s erection.
They both leaned forward, meeting in the middle over Wistar’s renowned System Anatomy. John took Sherlock’s face between his hands, tilting his own as he closed the distance, and touched his lips to Sherlock’s. “You are incredible,” he murmured, then gave Sherlock one of the slowest, most romantic, keenly sensual kisses they’d ever shared. Sherlock stayed still, his hands resting on John’s knees, and let himself be kissed, following John as he led them through each exquisite moment.
Sherlock whirled around and pushed John flat on his back, undid the tie of his blasted pyjama bottoms, and flung them to the floor. John grinned up at him, his mouth and chin still shiny with saliva, and gave himself a slow stroke. Sherlock slapped his hand away with a scowl and settled into the task, revelling in the way John’s sounds matched Sherlock’s movements. Sighs for licks, hums for kisses, groans for a swipe and full-out moaning for a tight, slick suck. Sherlock felt the way John’s thighs tensed and trembled under his palms, the way his skin grew flush as he grew louder, uninhibited.
“You ate three bites of my breakfast burrito almost three hours ago. Let’s stop and gas up and get something to eat.”
John is looking at him, searching his face to see if he knew this, so Sherlock turns to him, and sees relief in John’s expression, realizing that Sherlock did not know.
. Tiny flowers, lavender and pink and periwinkle, tiny pastel flowers and tinier leaves covered an off-white background. Sherlock had never imagined anything like it, and now that he’d seen it, he couldn’t imagine life without it.
“Oh,” Sherlock fumbled. “I gave you my boyfriend’s name and email. He checks his email more than I do.”
John doesn't speak for far too long, but when he does, his words fill Sherlock, spill over, and flood around his feet. “Excuse me? Did you just ask if, without you, the most brilliant, intelligent, gorgeous, sexy, amazing peng in the pengstory of pengs, I'd choose to be with a dim-witted, manipulative, lying, prejudiced, backstabbing, whining, distrustful, undermining, pain in the arse peng? Because I'm pretty sure you have a higher opinion of me than that.”
He wakes early the next morning to a light tap on his shoulder. Awareness flits through his mind as he transitions from sleep –
“Are you going to tell the Major who wants to kill him, then?” Annette said, now elbow deep in a stock pan.
John settled at Sherlock’s side and Sherlock turned to face him. He wrapped one long leg over John’s hip, tugged at his short hair, kissed under the sharp angle of John’s jaw, down his neck, back up to his mouth. John’s cock was pressed hard into Sherlock’s belly, rubbing against him with the rut of his hips.
A minute later John looked up, shifted slightly, and tried again. Pressed flat on top of Sherlock, he spread his knees, brought them closer into Sherlock’s ass, and surged forward.
John kissed Sherlock’s ear and temple and the parts of his euphoric face he could reach, and let himself be cuddle-attacked by a very affectionate post-orgasmic Sherlock.
“I know you can hear me,” John growls under his breath, “and I know that as soon as you realize that I know that you’ve been gone all night, you will start talking, and as soon as you start talking, you will start spinning some ridiculous tale about unidentified flying supernovae, or some such rot, and as soon as you start up with that, I will tell you to shut up, so I’m just going to say it now. Shut up.”
“She’ll be okay, Sherlpeng. I’m sure of it,” John says, slipping his wings higher up Sherlock’s sides and prodding one of his legs between Sherlock’s.
Carlo reappears with their first bottle of wine, already uncorked by Angelina, and two wine glasses. John pulls his hands back to make room, and the boy gives him a shy smile.
Mycroft is not about to have his baby brother upstage his very first council presentation. “Perhaps, then, you can answer one of mine. Can you please detail the life stages of an Aptenodytes forsteri for all of us gathered here?”
John groans because his balls are drawing up tight against his body, and his abdomen is clenching, and his arse and thigh muscles are tensing hard-hard-hard. John groans again because his back is arching up off the bed, and his lungs are bursting, and his heart is pounding, and all Sherlock is doing, the only thing that Sherlock is doing, is holding John’s prick in his mouth and vibrating his tongue against one particular bit of it.
They were upside down on the mattress, their feet near the pillows, but Sherlock didn’t care. John could be his pillow, and he could be John’s. He nestled further down into their nest, and then he drifted off to sleep, past and future fireworks playing out in his dreams.
“Shh, love, it’ll be okay. We did good work today. Someone must have seen something, something they didn’t even realize was important at the time.”
“I know you do. I love you, too. Let's go in. We can have tea and sandwiches for dinner. You can tell me what you think of the last chapters, and we can watch an old Bond flick.”
“I won our wager in large part because I figured out what people like to see, and what they like to see are pictures of animals that personify you and I in compromising situations. In a discussion with one follower in particular, whose name may be interesting to you at a later time, it was made clear to me that the majority of our followers feel that you and I are meant to be together, that you love me but I have not been able to recognize that sentiment for what it is, and that you do not recognize the nature of my sentiment for you. This hypothesis was further proved when you gave me the winning count, out of some act of selflessness on your part, and in exchange, I’d like to ask you to kiss me, but only if the kiss means that you feel for me the way I think you feel for me. If you do not feel the same way, then I’d ask you not to kiss me, because that would be more than I could bear, John.”
The emperor standing left of the centre leans over and speaks in a low tone to the one in the middle. He in turn nods, then turns to the one on his other side, and confers with her. She nods. The communication passes down each side of the arc, each emperor turning to his or her neighbour, sometimes turning back for another word, restrained in their movements by the formality of the process.
Sherlock nods and pulls the door open, remaining safely behind it as John steps through. Sherlock looks down at his silk-clad toes as John closes the door behind him, not wanting to see the look on his lover's face. The sharp inhale of breath makes him close his eyes.
"We'll have to ban the crèche, and the incubation huddles, and maybe the brooding pouches, too!" They've fallen further behind the elders as they've talked, but are almost at the Council grounds, and shush each other and hurry to catch up.
Then again, everything is boring without John. Sherlock spends his first day at sea, lost in thought and sulking, vaguely aware of the pack around him, until Mycroft circles him several times and then bumps him closer to the surface. Up for air, Sherlock is about to ask him what's got his tail feathers in a twist, but Mycroft cuts him off, berating him from word one.
"Right. Come quickly could be about having a good secret to tell, or finding a treasure, or an extra snack!"
There’s much business to attend to before he leaves for his next hunt, matters that affect both of them. Cetus and Vela are retiring, and the Senior Council has asked John and Janine to take their seats. Both have accepted, grateful for the recognition of their skills and talents. Sherlock’s pride for John wells up again and again, no matter how many times John tries to pass it off as small herring.
“Oh, yes. It seems quite unstoppable to me, after having seen it. It must be part of our penguin nature.”
He sent a text, short and to the point, slipped the phone back in his pocket, and smiled into his wine glass. Hoping to get a text back soon, he left the bathroom and took a minute to explore the rest of the apartment. He didn’t think Kevin would mind if he looked around a bit.
John took off their shirts. That first touch of John's bare chest to Sherlock's back was heaven, all warm skin, and firm muscle, and the tickle of hair. John's biceps flexed against Sherlock's ribs as he reached down to undo Sherlock's button-fly. Sherlock was all wrapped up in John, and everything John touched was growing hot and needy.
Sherlock thought John might say something else about it, but the silence was punctuated only by a short hum, and then John’s hands were on Sherlock’s hips, and his nose and lips were brushing over Sherlock’s ass. The light touch was nice for about ten seconds, and then wasn’t anywhere near enough. Sherlock squirmed to lift his hips in the air, but John was perched on top of his legs, giving him very little room to maneuver.
Maryle stays on the fringes of their circle. Sherlock tracks her movements, but notes nothing alarming. Although she occasionally strikes up conversation with John, she spends more and more time with Janine and Irena, less and less time with her previous friends, and almost no time with any of the male pengs. Sherlock cannot discern whether she has grown less interested in them, or more angry with them.
“Yup.” John rolls onto his back and puts his hands behind his head, gazing up at the blankness of the ceiling.
“Yeah. Home. To Baker Street. To you.” John does not look away. He licks his lower lip, and he does not look away.
Sherlock panted into John's groin and eyed up the length of his body. John had flung one forearm over his face and had the sheets in a death grip in his other hand. His posture was straining toward Sherlock, his lower back curved off the bed, his legs splayed wide open. Sherlock rested his cheek against John's inner thigh and watched the rise and fall of his chest.
Sherlock took a mental step back and grabbed at all the words floating between them, shoved them all in a box in his mind palace, and stuck a post-it on top that said ‘for immediate and frequent review.’ When he resurfaced John was filling his glass with a freshly delivered bottle of Champagne.
They'd stayed in the shower long enough to get thoroughly filthy. Sherlock was sure his hips and buttocks had never been so clean, given the careful attention John had lavished on them, beginning with the shower gel he'd slathered on, and ending with what John had called a
Mycroft turns on his feet and reaches behind him. When he turns back, he has the heartstone cupped in his wings. He holds it high above his head for all to see, then lays it at Sherlock and John’s feet.
Not everyone is this intrusive. Molling and Lestra, Stamfjord and Cetus, all of the elders, come to simply hug them and wish them well. Sherlock gets the impression that Olive could not care less where the egg came from. A skua could have dropped that egg; all she knows is that she's going to be a grandmāmā. Siger has sent word to Mycroft; whether or not his brother can return home to greet his niece is something Sherlock tries not to think about.
Sherlock felt John’s arse clench in his hand and his thighs flex hard against his legs. His cock was hot and stiff in Sherlock’s hand and his own was throbbing with his heartbeat, with each stroke John gave him, his groin tight with need.
Sherlock showed John the screen and John read it out loud. “‘Happy birthday dear Sherlock. Have a wonderful day. xxoo Dorothy and George.’ That is nice. I’m glad they remembered. Have you heard from anyone else?”
He’s not sure how much time has passed when he realises that John is no longer in the bathroom. He replays the familiar sounds he’s been ignoring for the last few minutes. John is in the kitchen. He hears the slide of the cutlery drawer and the clink of metal on china. Tea. Obvious.
“You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive,” he responded to Stamford’s introduction, looking me swiftly up and down. Although I feigned surprise, I knew immediately how he had known. I looked exactly like all the other survivors of that horrific war: wasted and haunted and pitiful. A sudden bitterness bloomed inside me at his words and for the first time in many months I felt a humiliating longing to return to my former self. I had never perhaps been as handsome as Holmes, and I was certainly not as tall, but before the war I had been a strong, healthy man with an upright bearing and passable intelligence, unmarked by scars and untroubled by shameful nightmares about events long since put behind him. I had been the kind of man who made friends easily and never struggled to find a partner when the urge struck me. That that man had died in Afghanistan had never seemed so hard to bear as it did at that moment, under Holmes’ appraising gaze.
“My dear doctor, you cannot expect me to believe that you had not the faintest desire to discover what new skills ‘Tadpole’ has learned in the past two decades? After all, you are only human,” he teased.
Next, Sherlock tries implementing a deduction he’s made about something John wants but will never ask for. He waits until they get home after a particularly invigorating chase to push the shorter man up against the wall just inside their front door, whispering exactly what he plans to do to him as he pins him roughly with one hand on his uninjured shoulder and undoes his belt with the other. John reacts even better than Sherlock had expected to being stripped naked, trussed up in the handcuffs Sherlock has stolen from Donovan and bent double over the back of the sofa, Sherlock standing behind him gripping the handcuff chain for leverage as he fucks him, still fully dressed and still wearing his coat. But while it’s happening, John is too busy swearing and gasping incoherently to say much of anything and when it’s over, all he says is, “Sherlock, please tell me that when you nicked these cuffs you remembered to steal the key?” Even after Sherlock has unlocked him and is briskly rubbing away the red marks on his wrists, John only grins at him and says, “I’m fine. Jesus, that was... You’re going to give me a heart attack one of these days,” and for some reason Sherlock finds himself grinning back, even though his plan has failed.
The three of them sat there, staring at the wall of information. Lestrade, Rose, Sherlock. Sitting in the spacious office the CSIS had rented for them. City limits, new commercial centre with office space. Most of it still empty. It smelled of paint and solvent. The room was equipped with everything they needed. One wall full of taped-up notes and pictures, a gigantic mind map of the crime.
The man who had brought them moved a chair over to the safety line in front of the glass wall before withdrawing. Using both crutches, Sherlock limped around the chair and carefully lowered himself onto it. His leg hurt when he stood for too long. He was grateful to be able to sit down and stretch it out. He couldn't put weight on it yet.
The text reminded John of a church hymn, maybe that had been the inspiration. It touched him, made his heart grow warm and its pulse strong. The longing in the words. Longing for surrender. John worked his way further into the picture, paying attention to the many hidden details. A rich, multifaceted world hidden beneath a layer of wax, impenetrable in some places, permeable in others. A dog. A couple making love. An erect penis. Black birds flying away. Children playing. A knife. A child crying. A pack of condoms. Flowers. A spider. Mice. A tree. A skull. An anatomical drawing of a bee. A house number. John started. Beneath the wax crayon, the number 221B gleamed through.
"Holmes," he says lightly. "Every farmer out here knows that the ram sometimes mounts the ram, one steer another, the tomcat its fellow. Even the mares mount each other. Nature is not black and white, Holmes. Farmers see it every day, but they are not scientists with the intention to explain the world. They simply want lambs, calves, and foals. Whatever brings that harvest is good. Everything else is superfluous. The steer that does not mount the cow is slaughtered. No one asks why he does not do it."
Friendship in a context that might be incomprehensible outside of war. Intimacy that had no parallel in civilian life. Clear, simple, straightforward. That's how it was with the Major. Just like that, nothing else. Even the most adventurous crime-chasing life in civilian London couldn't come close to encompassing what the horrors of war meant. Sherlock was right to be jealous.
Despite all that Holmes had deduced about me, I still had some secrets from him, as I discovered one stormy night. It was a few weeks after I had kissed him and we had somehow fallen quite naturally into a new pattern. By day, everything remained much as it had before that night. Holmes and I breakfasted together, interviewed clients together, chased down criminals together and lived in a state of easy harmony that was pleasant, if not perfect. He frequently tried my patience, leaving pigs’ hooves to decay on the windowsill, stealing my surgical knife to dissect a pair of human eyeballs at our dining table and conducting chemistry experiments that filled the sitting room with clouds of toxic smoke, only to smile at me with such distracting sincerity or play his violin with such skill that I involuntarily forgave him. Holmes exercised his incredible brain, and I recorded his feats, and he treated me with the same distant courtesy that had marked the months of our friendship when I thought him unaware of the criminal effect he had on me.
“I thought I saw a friend of mine at the window,” I answered, confused and uncertain. I knew that Holmes could not have intended his disguise to hide him from me. No matter how heavily he altered his appearance, I would know those eyes anywhere. If Holmes did not know that then he was a fool – a manifestly impossible supposition. So his disguise must be intended for someone else. Until I knew from whom he wished to disguise himself, and why he thought it necessary, I knew I must guard my speech carefully.
I did not sleep much that night. My mind kept replaying the moment when Holmes had taken hold of Miss Adler's arm, drawing her close to him as imperiously as he sometimes did me, when he was about to begin kissing me or depriving me of my clothing. She was beautiful. She was intelligent. And she was not married. I had never imaged Holmes as a family man. Marriage did not seem an institution either fitting or desirable to a man of his temperament and talents. But Miss Adler seemed to have awoken something within him, the existence of which I had never suspected.
He sounded as lost as the little boy he had been when he had stumbled across his dying mother. Every instinct screamed for me to say something, to comfort him, to respond to his unprecedented confession with kindness. Afraid that my voice would break were I to attempt speech, like a coward I remained silent.
On a case, Holmes was often driven by a tireless, animal-like energy. I had seen him go days without sleep or food when immersed in solving a particularly difficult mystery. His compulsion to uncover the solution to each puzzle that crossed his path was enough to keep him working with a machine-like determination, but I confess that there were times when it was only my own compulsion to understand Holmes that kept me by his side when a warm dinner and a soft bed awaited me at Baker Street. Over the next two days, Holmes was relentless. He disappeared the following morning, again choosing to conduct his investigations alone, and I did not see him until that evening, when he returned in high spirits, his eyes alight with excitement.
“He is from home,” I said, as calmly as I could manage. “I’m afraid I do not know when he is likely to return.”
“I did not for a moment think that you would,” Holmes interrupted. “Your attitude toward my habits, although hypocritical, is not unexpected. As liberal as you appear to be in your approach to sodomy, you are still a doctor, and men of medicine are always unbearably pompous and prescriptive.”
“Do keep up, my dear fellow,” he called over his shoulder, and I sped up until I was beside him, matching his long strides, our hands almost brushing as we walked shoulder to shoulder in the sunlight.
“I do not believe that we need to provide Holmes with all the details of the rift between you and Mr Harrison,” I said carefully. “But he is a man whose career is built on discretion. You have my word that you can trust him with whatever you may wish to confide. I am sure that he would be interested to learn that your brother-in-law has expressed opposition to the marriage, whether or not it has any basis on the matter of the treaty. I will wire for him to join us, if you have no objection, and we will see if he cannot aid you in both matters.”
Some time passed in silence. Unable to countenance leaving Holmes alone but too furious to sit down in my usual chair, as though this were any normal night, I remained standing by his desk. I had been so stupid. That I, a trained – if retired – doctor, had not noticed my friend’s drug use until he came close to ending his own life seemed to me even worse than the fact that he had hidden his addiction from me all these months. The man I had thought Holmes to be – bright and brilliant, composed and calculating, humorous, cynical, inspiring and inspired – was gone, and in his place was a glassy eyed addict, gambling away his unique talents, his unparalleled intellect, his vitality and his brilliance as though they were worth nothing. Some small part of me knew that my anger was irrational. No one knew better than I how easy it was to develop shameful dependencies. And yet I had turned to drink to distance myself from unbearable memories and numb myself from incessant nightmares. Holmes had, so far as I knew, no conceivable reason to play in such a cavalier fashion with his own life.
In all the sleepless nights I had spent indulging in fevered fantasies about Holmes – fantasies in which I indulged every lustful thought that I had ever struggled to suppress in his presence, as he drove me half wild with his unconscious elegance, his damnable pride and what I had thought was his maddening indifference to me – I had never once thought about what would happen the next morning. In a way, it was reassuring to think that even had I rehearsed it mentally a thousand times, I never would have been able to predict the first words out of his mouth.
I had just started on my third whiskey and was picturing Holmes tied up and helpless, being tortured by a villain with an array of implements worthy of a surgeon, when I heard an urgent knock at the door. Leaping to my feet, I rushed to open it, hoping to see Holmes standing without. My disappointment must have shown clearly on my face, because the young women who stood outside apologised immediately.
Sitting beside Holmes in the darkened concert hall, the raw emotional power of Sarasate thrumming through my body, I was more than usually aware of his long, lean legs inches from my own and the way his shoulder pressed against mine as he lost himself in the music. As I breathed in his unique smell of fog and smoke and London evenings, a certain portion of me began to harden and it occurred to me that, should Holmes not wish to indulge further in the physical side of our relationship, spending time with him was destined to become even more torturous than it had been when I believed him to be oblivious to my lust for him.
“Inspector Bradstreet, Dr Watson,” responded the shorter of the two constables. “I did not know this was one of Mr Holmes’ investigations,” he continued, his eyes wide, once I had explained the purpose of my visit. “He must be busy these days if he has sent you to ask the questions instead of coming himself.”
“Two or three days ago, I think,” he said. “I confess my last meal escapes me. It may have been breakfast at Baker Street. Things progressed rather more quickly and dramatically than I expected. I did not mean to be away from home for so long. I would have sent you a message if I could, but it might have undermined everything. When you entered that horrendous place and forced Mr Whitney to quit it, had you any idea that you were saving a man’s life?”
It was to me, not Holmes, that Miss Morstan turned when, at the climax of her strange tale, she opened a small box to reveal a set of the finest pearls that I had ever seen. Our hands touched as I took the box to pass it to Holmes and for a moment I wondered if I could once again be the kind of man who would think of marrying a woman like Miss Morstan. When she explained that a mysterious letter had urged her to meet that very evening with a stranger, bringing with her no more than two friends, I felt a jolt of excitement at the thought of seeing her again. But then Holmes began poring over the letter, muttering about the “irrepressible twirls” of the Ss and the distinctive Greek Es and I was overcome with a sudden wave of tenderness for him. I turned away in confusion and by the time I had composed myself Miss Morstan was taking her leave. With a final glancing look at me from under her lashes, she quit the room and I was once again alone with Holmes.
“I do not doubt it,” said Holmes. He sounded more like his old self, but his eyes shone feverishly in his pale face. Belatedly, I perceived that he was almost as angry as I was. “You forget that I have known from the beginning of our acquaintance exactly what you suffer, and I have never questioned your methods of dealing with it. As I told you the first time we argued, nothing you do will cause me to lose my regard for you. And yet I knew from the beginning that once you came to know me better you would not wish to become any further entangled with me. So why are you not engaged?”
I did not enjoy my time in Lausanne. I was lonely and bored and uncomfortably aware of my sad lack of talent for performing the job that Holmes had been born to do. I resented him for contriving to send me away from him. At the same time, I missed him more than I had thought possible. I could not forget him for a moment. I imagined his indulgent smile as I made a hash of questioning the hotel manager and the sarcastic remark I knew he would be unable to resist as I proved unable to break the silence of Jules Vibart, the lover of Lady Carfax’s maid, who steadfastly refused to answer my questions about why the long employment had so suddenly ended. I knew how swiftly Holmes would have extracted every piece of knowledge from the hotel manager, unerringly intuiting what was crucial and what useless to the case. He would have persuaded Vibart to break his silence in minutes, I was certain, thanks to the combination of implacable will and effortless charm with which he was able to earn the trust of anyone he thought worth the effort. My own stiff manner, disorderly questions and palpable inexperience as an investigator did not instil confidence, I was well aware. At the end of three days, as I jotted down the little I had learned, I pictured the look on Holmes’ face as he perused my notes at Baker Street and wished, for the umpteenth time, that I had never agreed to come. When I received a communication from Holmes, pointedly saying nothing about the little I had discovered and urging me to follow the lady to Baden in search of further information, I was disproportionately miserable. All I wanted to do was return home.
It was some weeks before the low mood that Holmes had spoken of seemed to strike him, but one morning I found that rather than breakfasting early and leaving the house on his mysterious errands, he arose late and, declining to eat, lay on the sofa in his blue dressing gown and slippers, seemingly sunk into a brown study. He answered my cheerful enquiry as to his health with a grunt and I sensed that he wished to be left to his thoughts so took myself out to one of the bars I had patronised rather less of late and availed of some help in whiling away the hours. When I returned to Baker Street, Holmes still lay upon the sofa. So dreamy was his face and so disconnected his response to my greeting that I might almost have thought he had imbibed as freely as I myself had that day, were it not for my weeks of covert study, which had revealed him to be a man of extreme temperance, fastidious in his dress and cleanliness, sparing in his intake of both food and alcohol and regular in his habits.
Initially, I had felt an almost overwhelming urge to apologise to him for my terrible words and had hoped that he might in turn explain his own, though I knew that regret was not in his nature. As the days went by and he continued to avoid me, speaking to me coldly and only when absolutely necessary, the urge to swallow my own pride - often eclipsed byhis but by no means non-existant - in hope of some form of reconciliation faded. My anger had been justified, I reminded myself. Holmes’ solitary nature seemed such an essential part of him that I routinely steeled myself against his unwillingness to confide in me, but by refusing to divulge the threat we faced at the hands of Dr Roylott he had put us both in danger. It was plain that he perceived me to be a liability, unable to protect myself, let alone serve as a protector for him, the role I had foolishly and unspokenly assumed for myself. The thought that he had attempted to shield me from the danger by sending me away burned within me constantly, an ache in my chest that grew worse whenever I remembered his cold voice telling me that my company was beginning to pall.
I was his constant companion in these cases, save for the rare occasions on which, for no clear reason, he chose to investigate alone. Although his fanatical need to solve each problem put before him could sometimes cause him to stay out all night, or to leave the house before I awoke and return when I was close to retiring, he usually informed me when he planned to be absent, even on those occasions when he did not wish me to accompany him. So when Holmes disappeared one day, without a word of warning, I was quite at a loss regarding what action to take.
“My dear fellow, you excel yourself,” he said, suddenly invigorated. I could see in his posture that he had struck upon some fresh connection or new path of inquiry that promised to yield results. “It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.”
I do not know whether Holmes was trying to make up for offending me or whether he wished us to move past the silence of the last two weeks and return to some semblance of our old easy companionship but that afternoon he was warmer towards me than he had been for what felt like months. When we alighted in London, I expected him to hare off on his own, leaving me to return to Baker Street. Rather than ordering me home in his characteristically peremptory fashion, however, he asked me if I would care to accompany him to Scotland Yard. Despite my anger with him, a treacherous bolt of pleasure shot through me when I realised that I was once again welcome to join him in his investigations. For a few hours, as Holmes won over the hostile Forbes in a few easy words and masterfully questioned Lord Holdhurst, I almost forgot that we were so sadly at odds.
John says it again when Sherlock is almost too far gone to hear him, his head thrown back, mind carefully focused on nothing but the slow drag of John around him. John is above him, rocking gently, looking down at Sherlock’s face, hands tangled in his hair, and he whispers it again and again as he moves, sending ripples of pleasure through Sherlock’s body until the sound of John’s voice and the feel of him become one and Sherlock gasps and bucks upwards into John’s warmth. The sharp bolt of pain as his stiches tighten and pull only seems to intensify his orgasm as he comes in great spasms that shake his whole body. John keeps murmuring as the hand he’s using to stroke himself speeds up. His words muddle up and jumble together until all Sherlock can make out is “love” and his own name as John clenches hard around Sherlock's softening cock and comes with a groan that sounds as much like pain as pleasure, striping warm semen across Sherlock’s bare chest.
“You could have waited. I was right behind you. One flight. I turned the corner just in time to see you go out the window. Do you have any idea what I…”
I must have been gaping at Holmes quite foolishly throughout his speech. Suddenly, in a flash of insight, I saw that what had been self-protection had looked to him like indifference.
“Braggart,” I said, reflexively, my tone unmistakably soft. Holmes’ answering smile proved his thesis. Its brilliance left me momentarily breathless and quite distracted me from my attempt to determine if I had just been paid a compliment or dealt an insult. We walked the final stretch to the house in silence, a spreading warmth in my chest.
When he was at home, I found him easy enough to live with. He was a quiet companion and most often to be found absorbed in reading and smoking his pipe on the sofa, often with his feet up and his limbs all akimbo. His habitual air of relaxation was belied by the keen intelligence of his eyes and the quick flickers of reaction that passed across his angular features as he read from newspapers, periodicals and documents that he kept stored in several boxes stacked under a desk he had moved to beneath one of two large windows. I noticed that many of these documents were hand-written and I found my curiosity aroused, for, although I did not share Young Stamford’s seeming wariness of Holmes or disapprove of his habits, I had noticed that he seemed to have few friends – as few, almost, as myself. He had no regular callers, as far as I knew. Once every few days, however, he would ask me to vacate the sitting room so that he could meet with a client in need of his mysterious skills. Though I studied each one these visitors as carefully as I could in the moments before retreating to my own quarters or departing our lodgings to pace the streets or take refuge in a nearby bar, I could find nothing among them that explained what service Holmes was providing. On the contrary, they were a strange assortment of people from all classes of society. Wealthy gentlemen and finely dressed ladies stopped by as often as seedy looking peddlers and poorly dressed maids.
“After all, it is unlikely that Phelps’ two problems are intertwined in any more than a passing sense,” I reflected, since Holmes did not appear inclined to say more. “It is the matter of the treaty that you are here to solve. Once that is taken care of Harrison can have no more objection to the marriage and Phelps’ other problem will disappear.”
“You are always a distraction,” he said. “It is just that often the benefits of your presence outweigh the negatives.”
The combination of the night’s developments and the few hours of sleep I had snatched had left me light-headed and I can only assume that Holmes felt something of my own giddiness because when Mr Wilson showed us the curt notice informing him of the end of his employment, looking at once pompous and resentful, as puffed up and sombre as an owl, I felt the laughter I had struggled to suppress at the beginning of the interview rising up in me with volcanic force. As I exploded with a shout of mirth, I saw that Holmes was laughing too, shaking uncontrollably as a tear rolled down his face. I had never seen him so entertained. When at last he recovered himself enough to calm his angry client, who was on the verge of walking out in high dudgeon, he concluded the interview with admirable soberness. I neglected my usual rigorous note taking as I dwelt on how searingly attractive Holmes was on the rare occasions he allowed himself to lose control, a thought that soon led in a dangerous direction, given the memories that still burned so vividly in my mind.
