“But, for what it’s worth, I think he really does regret it all,” Rhodey said. “Rogers has always been kind of stupid in his decision-making skills. I don’t think he intended for things to end up like this.”
It was definitely what the brunet needed to hear, but that didn’t mean he believed it. He let out a non-committal hum, not disagreeing, but not entirely agreeing. He knew he shouldn’t blame himself, but he couldn’t help it. He blamed himself for a lot of things. He’d never been good at seeing sense in that aspect.
This was the one time were Sam didn’t try to calm the blond down. He had half a mind to join the Alpha in his little tantrum. They’d lost everything—all of their money, the belongings they’d collected, as well as the laptop full of Hydra records.
Tony didn’t know why he needed him so bad. What made Steve so much more special than everyone else? What was it about him that drove Tony wild, in every way? He wasn’t sure. He certainly couldn’t put it into words now, with tears in his eyes and nausea rising in his stomach, the world spinning a little from the buzz of alcohol. He hadn’t gotten
What could Steve say right now anyway? They were in the middle of a huge mess, with no plan, no leads. It was the middle of the night, Thor was gone, everyone was upset, they had a major target painted on their backs, and the world wasn’t looking at them favorably at the moment. Getting rest, feeling like themselves and clearing their heads was the main priority.
There were no words, really, for it, for seeing your child for the first time. It was a privilege he wasn’t sure he’d ever get, and still couldn’t believe he had now. Steve’s world had gone from empty, grey, to warm and filled and whole in a span of seconds.
“To get some things for you. You just get comfortable, I’ll be right back,” Steve assured him, and disappeared around the corner.
Tony shrugged his hand off, got to his feet as quick as he could in his condition. It was only partly theatrics. He had a mind to tell Ross what he really thought, and he knew he had to choose his words carefully, but no one really liked dealing with a hysterical pregnant person, and he was going to use that to his advantage. It would make their story more believable too.
Bucky was at a loss for words when Steve emerged from the office and explained the situation. He wasted no time standing still, instead relaying his tale alongside swift steps back to the throne room, where he would beg for an aircraft to take him,
His regret, his self hatred, only heightened when they made it to Wakanda, and he’d heard what Tony had done.
T’challa and Shuri weren’t sure exactly what to make of it. What had prompted such a sudden change of heart, such a hefty decision out of nowhere? What did Steve have to tell Tony, that was so urgent? Did it have something to do with this? The Alpha wasn’t sure if he wanted to ask. The look on Steve’s face was far more raw than he was comfortable with. It was better to carry on with business, like they were doing before the document came in.
the difference, in himself, and it was a little embarrassing, but as long as nobody else caught on it didn’t matter.
Steve’s smile for Bucky melted away almost as quickly as it came, as he remembered what they were dealing with. There was a lot to catch him up on, and Steve wasn’t even sure how he could say it all. Bucky would surely be disappointed in him too, once he knew everything, knew about the baby. The conversation would surely be unpleasant, only add to the ever-growing pile of guilt gathered beneath Steve’s feet. It would have to wait for later though. The greeting, and hug they shared was short.
“I’m serious,” Steve protested, tugging on Tony’s hand a little. “I couldn’t say anything. We’re… I mean, let’s be serious here. You’re way above my paygrade. You’re the heir to a massive fortune, with prospects, incredible intellect, and a bright future. You’re
No more playing around now. Steve pressed forward as far as he could go, and Tony’s throat spasmed around him, Steve’s cock carving out a path that cut off his airway. For an instant, a pang of fear went through Tony’s body, and his eyes snapped open to look up at his boyfriend. But he knew Steve, trusted Steve, and knew the blond would never hurt him.
It wasn’t easy. On a regular day, it wouldn’t be easy, but when Tony was a few strokes away from blowing his load, like he’d been for the last
, just a little bit lower, his eyes flitting between Steve’s face and his posterior.
Steve’s apartment was kind of exactly what Tony anticipated: small, well decorated but humble, and warm and inviting.
Tony replied with a huff.
They’d only been bonded for three months, and although he’d been hesitant about it at first, he knew it was the right decision, in the end. The way he felt at Steve’s side, the way the two of them felt
“God,
Eventually he drew back for breath a little, but followed up with a final short kiss. “What’s gotten into you?” Tony murmured. He wasn’t teasing this time; he could sense something shift in Steve’s attitude.
tonight made his blood boil.
They didn’t want to push their luck though, with the door unlocked. Tony knew he had to get up, that he couldn’t stay like this, even if he was loathe to move. His limbs felt like jelly, and he was plenty sleepy, but sleeping like this, all sticky and disgusting, wasn’t ideal.
Steve gave him a little smile, barely visible in the dark, and raised a brow. “The power’s out and you’re propositioning me?”
, oh god, Steve!”
Tony moaned a little, a shudder running through his body, and he relaxed that much more, opened up like he was born to it, and suddenly Steve sank in to the hilt, wonderfully, achingly big, and hot, filling him completely, like he craved.
Ross bristled. “It’s nothing personal, Stark. It’s a matter of international security! For every bit I’ve been on your team’s case about this, someone’s been on mine double the amount!” he replied, and it was perhaps the first time he’d ever spoken candidly to any of them.
more than that.
“Take off your shirt for me, doll,” Steve muttered against the brunet’s throat. “Can you do that for me?”
wreaked havoc on his body. The change in air pressure made his bones ache, made him irritated and uncomfortable, and made it harder to think. Tony
“10 minutes tops,” Steve promised as he headed for the bedroom, his steps swift and sure.
“Rocket science is easy for you, but you can’t seem to bake a decent cake. You’ve always been an enigma,” Steve said.
“Beautiful,” Steve muttered, dripping lube all over his fingers. “Relax for me, sweetheart, let me spread you open, fill you so good.”
He wasn’t sleeping as much as he should, at least not during the night. It was easier taking naps during the day, in the living room.  Despite his anger, he was starting to really miss Steve again, like he had at the beginning of all of this. That was supremely annoying, because there was nothing to be done about it. Even if he could bring himself to forgive Steve eventually, it wouldn’t change anything. How did he know that something like this wouldn’t happen again? How did he know that he wasn’t being foolish, if he opened his heart again? Tony
to know that I belong to you, and nobody else.”
Steve shrugged a little, despite the fact that Tony couldn’t see it. “Nothing going on anymore is safe. No part of our job was
The bed was small.
“I’m yours,” the brunet replied, and tucked his head under Steve’s chin. “All yours.”
The brunet couldn’t even get the words out, but Steve knew what he meant, what he was asking for, like he always did.  He lowered one of Tony’s legs in favor of wrapping a hand around his cock, and it not only changed the angle of his thrusts, but elicited another beautiful moan from Tony’s lips.
with him. He knew Tony loved him, knew he was happy with him, despite their bad days. He knew none of this should have been scary.
Tony didn’t protest at the touch, just let out a little gasp. He trusted Steve though, knew he wouldn’t hurt him, not again, so he pushed away any inkling of negativity stirring in his hindbrain, focused on the softness of the bed, the endorphins still rushing through his body.
He knew more than he should about the brunet’s food and drink habits, had picked up a lot during their time together at dinners or big events. For instance, he knew that Tony always set his knife and fork horizontal on the right side of his plate when he was finished eating.
“I’m holding you to that, Stark,” the Secretary replied, and he meant it. “I’ll show myself out.”
Tony didn’t have to think much on it. “I am,” he admitted, and accepted Steve’s generous offering.
“Shut up and help me up,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes fondly. He was glad Rhodey was in the mood to joke; it’d help him get everything off his mind, if that were even possible. At this point, he didn’t think it was. Tony knew he wouldn’t be getting any rest until all of this was over. He wasn’t sure how to even
to hard work on this particular day again.
“So where do we go from here?” Sam prodded.
Sleeping by himself again made him miserable, and made rest hard to get. It just left Tony feeling down. Just because his Bond Sickness technically wasn’t worsening anymore, didn’t mean he felt any better, or things were any easier, especially when he was (albeit purposefully) holding himself back from the close contact he’d come to rely on the last few months. He’d been kind of in pain lately too, always woke up with one of his legs asleep, with pins and needles running down his limbs, no doubt from his baby finding odd ways to lay, and it was enough to make him grouchier than he already was.
Thankfully, Steve didn’t deny him. He didn’t belittle him or push him away, or anything like that. He held him tight, held him close, rubbed his back soothingly.
If only things were different, so long ago. If only none of this had ever happened. If they were still together, maybe it could have all been good. They could have been carefree and eagerly awaiting their little bundle of joy. Tony wouldn’t have spent nights lonely and struggling to sleep. He wouldn’t have spent his days feeling sick and in pain, with his neck burning so intensely he didn’t remember what it was like not to feel pain there. Steve could have held him close each night, reassured him, made him feel safe and loved, instead of overwhelmed and abandoned. Maybe they could have been
[Good morning. Looking good.]
Tony, of course, ever observant, noticed.
with all of him. Every inch of the damn bastard was eye candy, from the top of his head to his toes, and Tony? He had a sweet tooth.
,” he replied, and kissed his knuckles.
. A couple of decent conversations the last few days hadn’t changed that. “This whole plan of yours is insane. God, when’s the last time you had a plan that fucking worked?”
. Only he knew Tony like this, and only he could get him to speak out, to admit things about himself he didn’t want to believe were true.
He was finally getting close; the baby was in his birth canal, inching his way downward with each push. Tony could hardly breathe at this point, didn’t have the strength to keep his eyes open. Every bit of energy was focused on pushing, on getting him
He tried not to worry. After all, sometimes fights ran a little longer than anticipated, and things got a little more complicated. Sometimes other things got in the way after a fight, and something like a phone call had to be left for later.
. He was aware of his strength of course, would never give Tony more than he could handle, but he wasn’t exactly gentle either. He fucked him like he
Steve’s free hand reached for his, intertwined their fingers. “You win some, you lose some,” he replied.
“Couldn’t sleep either?” Steve asked, turning to look at the Beta.
Steve was in the middle of pulling their supplies off of the Quinjet when the message came in. He was expecting another brief, cursory, message, little more than a status report, like he’d been getting the last few weeks. Every time he pushed for a more serious conversation topic besides maybe the weather or the general state of things, Tony withdrew, dropped off the conversation or ended it entirely. Steve’s pleas for more went unheard, his wishes ungranted, for a long time. He’d learned to deal with it by now, but that didn’t make it the least bit pleasurable. He wanted to make more progress, for all of their sakes. The quicker they could get back to some type of normal, the better things would be for everyone, he was sure. It seemed Tony didn’t feel the way, with how things had been going.
Steve’s heart felt tight all over again though, squeezed into pulp, and Tony’s eyes turned to look at him, properly, face to face, for the first time.
Tony tried not to flinch when Vision brought it up. His heart beat a little quicker.
“You can leave your germs wherever you want, I’ve got a pretty good washing machine,” Steve replied, a little amused. “But absolutely. I’m sure you already found where the bathroom is…?”
“That’s it, yeah, yeah—“ Tony gasped, and he let go of Steve’s hands, braced them on his chest instead to give himself more leverage. He slowed his pace a little, but made up for it by clenching and unclenching his hole, shifting in the way he knew drove Steve
All at once his exhaustion seemed to catch up with him. His arms and legs were shaky and sore with lactic acid, his head still swimming a little, the aftershocks of his orgasm thrumming in his veins, and he let himself slide forward to rest against Steve’s chest, ignoring the mess between them in favor of dropping his head on the blond’s shoulder.
“I’m not giving up,” the blond insisted, though he seemed to be doing just that, thrusting forward slowly, and pulling back, savoring the slick slide of the brunet’s walls clenching around him. God, he really wanted to give up, wanted to chase his pleasure, to hear Tony cry out his name, and to make him feel good, finally push him over the edge after so long.
When they had finished the bottle of champagne and their plates were empty, Steve’s eyes were on Tony, vividly blue despite the low candlelight, and affectionate. The candles were really close to burning out now, a testament to how long they’d sat there. It was time to move, especially because the blond’s gaze was so hypnotic, enrapturing as always, and Tony didn’t want to get stuck in its tractor beam quite yet.
He had to restrain himself from letting his fingertips graze Tony’s shoulder, from drawing him into his arms again, safe and warm, like he’d been last night. “After…after everything that happened?”
That is, it would have been long and sweeping, if Tony hadn’t chosen just then to squeeze around his cock, and send another wave of hot, heady pleasure running up his body.
Secondly, he and Tony were
Tony was in agony.
. It felt like it was just the two of them in the whole world, and that was a hell of a feeling.
His mate didn’t have to be told twice. Steve adjusted his position a little, and pulled back. He pushed forward, with one long, deep thrust, that had them both gasping, and then he went to work.
The brunet’s voice alternated between pinched whines and dragged out moans, only intensified alongside Steve’s pace. God, he was close. He was so damn close. It never took long like this, with Steve fucking him into the bed, the exhilaration of it all. Steve’s touch set Tony’s skin ablaze, in any form, every moment they touched, but when he was being spread wide, fucked full? There weren’t any words for it.
“Not yet,” Steve replied. He nodded towards the unopened box in Tony’s hands. “Here, take a look.”
Peter was pretty malleable when asleep. They could drop the kid just about anywhere and he wouldn’t wake up. Once he was out, he was out for at least half an hour. Steve definitely envied him in that aspect.
But Steve wasn’t done, not even close. He shifted his position a little, readjusted, and kept fucking into him, hard and deep, panting, gasping softly. The blond could feel himself drooling a little, feel the saliva dripping down his muzzle, but Tony never minded, and Steve couldn’t control it, anyway, couldn’t help but be driven wild by his partner’s body, by the delicious sounds he made, the way he smelled, the way he felt. It drove him
“No one deserves better than you,” a voice said at the door.
“As if you haven’t been sitting here for hours, with me filling you up, hoping, praying I’ll give up the whole thing and fuck you silly,” he muttered into Tony’s ear.
“Clearly.”
He carefully brushed the brunet’s bangs out of his eyes, got a little more comfortable on the couch so the angle wouldn’t be too hard on Tony’s neck.
“Wh-why didn’t you ever say anything?” Tony sputtered out, a mixture of shocked and irritated.
Steve kept sliding into his throat (Four? Five times?), suffocating him, pushing to the edge, and letting him float back down, in a way that was entirely too much but not enough at all, that just made him more desperate and eager, turned him into a whiny, pliable mess.
He had to keep his pace, had to balance his need to fuck harder with Tony’s limits. They’d never done this before, never tried it, and he was having a damn good time, but he still couldn’t shake the worry. Honestly, there was no reason to worry. Tony was so fucking wet, literally dripping lube, because Steve had been thorough stretching him out. By the time he even got his cock in, Tony was loose enough to fit
He wouldn’t have minded that, honestly. He loved spending time with Tony. He…he kind of loved
The brunet shook his heads at Steve’s words, which was a mistake, sent a sharp burst of pain through him. “Can’t,” he hissed, voice a little hoarse, and he curled up a little tighter. “Fuck, it hurts…”
It took all of Steve’s strength not to snap the (brand new) paint brush in his hands.
He caught sight of the elaborately set table, the covered entrées and the baskets of fresh bread and salad, the bottle of champagne, and the
God, he couldn’t believe two years had already passed since he came into the world. He still remembered holding him for the first time, just a tiny bundle, hardly able to keep his eyes open. He was so little.
“Tony…
“Blame the serum,” Steve replied, running a gentle hand up and down Tony’s thigh. “It—It made me bigger.”
A breeze flew past him, and it left him shuddering, goosebumps raising on his skin even under his sweater.
No answer.
Tony smiled, a small, easy smile, shut his eyes. His hands found Steve’s against his waist, laced their fingers together. He could still feel the waves carrying him off, leaving him floating and falling even though it’d been an hour and he was spread out on their bed, the white cotton sheets twisted into lazy peaks around him. It left him dizzy in the best sense, smooth and easy in a way that he’d only really become familiar with lately, that had been absent for so much of his life.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, and then opened them again, studied his baby’s face. The answer became clear.
Steve held him a little tighter in affirmation. The Alpha turned, looked deep into his eyes, and nodded.
“No!” the brunet gasped. God, he was going to lose his fucking
satisfied, with everything. He spent so much of his life searching for meaning, for happiness, and he’d found a lot of other things on the way, like responsibility, and heartbreak and strife, but he’d also found exactly what he was looking for, and was enjoying the fruits of his labor now. He’d saved the world, and Steve had saved
His memory was a little hazy, but not spotty in the least, and he was definitely sober now. The buzz of alcohol was gone, replaced with the same melancholy he usually found, as well as the throbbing in his skull. That didn’t compare to the embarrassment, the knowledge of how he’d acted a few hours ago.
Of course he was going to try and call Steve again.
Steve’s gaze turned soft for a moment, and warmth spread in his chest. He pushed it down, remembered why he was here. He unzipped his pants, freed his erection from its confines. “Open that big mouth of yours,” he said. “The only thing it’s good for is warming my cock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony struggled to recall his list of names—the pain was coming back, much more subtle than before, a deep ache, but still disruptive. He still had the afterbirth to push out, and apparently it was getting tired of waiting. He let out a grunt, tried to get his brain to work.
, and at this rate, he wasn’t sure he could even fit Steve in all the way before he came.
“What’s if I don’t wanna?” Tony challenged, shooting him a dirty look. There wasn’t any heat to it.
“Just for you,” Tony replied, and he meant it.
Steve scoffed, partly in amusement. “Blame Pete. We were playing with Legos and the next thing I knew, he was practically sleeping sitting up. I sat on the couch with him instead, and, well, then
for hours—and he was sick of waiting for it. Maybe he could admit defeat just this once, sacrifice his pride for the pleasure of fucking in and out of the tight channel wrapped around his length, feeling his partner tremble beneath his fingertips.
“Thank you for letting us come here,” Steve started as he drew back, nodding his respect to T’challa.
?” Tony asked, screwing his eyes shut. He loved it, loved how huge Steve was, but it was unbelievable sometimes, how he could always fit him
? He hoped not. He hoped that just this once, this very once, things would turn out for the better, that every price he’d paid will have been worth the cost.
Did he? Tony wasn’t sure at the moment. His hair was definitely dark; he already had plenty of it too, but Tony wasn’t sure if they shared more qualities. He wasn’t sure until the baby’s eyes opened for a few moments, and he caught sight of warm, brown eyes, similar to his own.
He’d been thinking of shaving it off lately, but it was still good for cover, as was the darker shade he kept his hair at now. He wondered if he’d ever have the opportunity to see himself in the mirror again as he preferred, as Tony knew him to be. They hadn’t really shared many pictures, and those that they had were entirely from Tony’s side. Steve didn’t really want his mate to see him like this.
Oh well. Steve could always be angry later.
What he did care about, was the goddamn flip phone, the flip phone which he
a little. “I’m yours.”
, home. Sam and Natasha were equally floored by the news he shared, though they had more information to go on than Bucky did.
Tony didn’t seem to mind at all. In fact, he encouraged it, clenched down around his mate’s length, wiggled his hips as best he could to spur Steve on. “Yeah, yeah, give it to me, baby,” he said, already a little breathless. “Fuck me harder, fuck—fuck me like you
The blond had to watch what he said, lest their progress fly out the window yet again. He could admit the picture Tony was painting delighted him though, made him yearn for home once more. It took him a second to think of a response.
He’d spend the last few months recovering, being tested, attending therapy, and soaking in the peace that was offered to him, the respite from the haunting of the past and a life devoted to violence. He wasn’t whole, and there were times when everything felt wrong, or he relapsed, and it all came crashing down on him, but he was okay. He was okay, thanks to Steve.
to be a fucking joke! They fucking crashed? Oh my god, I told them to recalibrate the retro-reflective panels,
He wondered how Tony was feeling. How he was
“Well I could still throw something at you if you want,” Tony replied, managing a smile.
Tony licked his lips, tried to raise his arms. They felt like they were filled with lead, but he managed. “Give—give me—“
? God it feels bigger when I can’t see it.”
“Don’t ask me to make a plan right now, I have
“Fuck it, don’t stretch, just—I need—“ Tony couldn’t even finish his sentence. He let out a groan of frustration, rocked back against Steve’s firm grip. He really should get stretched, because Steve was just fucking big, but then again, he already felt loose, knew his hole would open right up for him, let him sink in to the hilt. The quicker Steve got in him, the quicker Tony would get to cum. He would deal with the burn later.
“It’s my damn right to hurt you if I want,” Howard replied, irritated that Tony had even brought it up. He wouldn’t
The blond stroked his length a little, let the head rest against Tony’s plush lips. Tony couldn’t help but slide his tongue against the head, his mouth watering at the taste of pre-cum, but Steve drew back.
,” he retorted, rolled his hips against Steve’s groin.
God, it’d been so long since Tony had smelled Steve’s scent like that, had felt like that. Even the clothes hanging in Steve’s closet had mostly lost their scent. Too much of his own had left its mark in the room in general over the months.
Tony walked towards him, eyes big and said, cheeks blotchy red from crying. He didn’t have enough shame at the moment to stand at a respectable distance, to pretend he was doing better than he felt. He didn’t have the strength to stay away from Steve’s inviting, comfortable presence. He couldn’t do that right now.
hour, he couldn’t help but push Steve further. “I’d like to see you try.”
“I know,” Tony said. “I…I’m sorry too, for pushing you away. It just hurt too much in the moment, and I was mad. I’m still mad, actually, but…you’re my best friend, and I don’t want to keep going on like this. I need you, Jim, and so does your godson.”
He lifted himself a little, brought his free hand up to cup Steve’s cheek. The blond’s eyes were drooping a little, maybe a little exhausted himself, and hell, Tony couldn’t fault him for that. He’d put in
“We will. Everything will be fine, you’ll see. The baby will be fine.
to take time for himself, but once in a while the message needed reiterating.
Their schedules were insanely busy lately, thanks to a series of AIM attacks on the city, and meetings and responsibilities kept stacking up. It was hard to find time to even be with each other, let alone to have some intimate time in the bedroom. They made do, a little fingering here or there, a blowjob in the closet outside of the SHIELD meeting room, but they were both craving more.
This was Tony at his most earnest, his most vulnerable, and Steve certainly felt it when the brunet whined high and tight, a hand coming up to grasp at Steve’s arm, and begged, “Choke me.”
It wasn’t hard to fake, really. He still hated seeing Ross, hated talking to him. He was sick of all the video conferences, the calls. He was sick of being watched.
He didn’t protest when Steve leaned over him, buckled him into his car seat. Steve’s touch was warm, comforting, and so was the leather jacket wrapped around Tony.
Concern seeped into Steve’s tone then at least, and it loosened a fraction of the tension in Tony’s limbs. He cared. He
anniversary, specifically.
The growl that tore out of his throat was strong enough to hurt. His breathing was sharp and quick, almost made him lightheaded.
“You have no idea how hard it is,” Tony said.
He did.
“I’m going to find him,” Tony announced. “I
“Who else would be to blame?” Ross replied. He wasn’t deterred by Tony’s posture, not this time. “It’s
“Hear what?” he demanded. “Is—what’s wrong? Is he—“ A lump formed in his throat, and he looked down at Peter again. Was something wrong with him? Was he sick, or hurt? Had Tony done something wrong?
,” Steve replied. “I’m not the kind to run all over town and talk about what I like in bed,” he said. “A-and out of bed, if that wasn’t clear,” he added on, feeling a little embarrassed now.
“I was supposed to give it to you,” Steve said again, and Tony could see the tears forming in his eyes, spilling over onto his cheeks.
Steve’s hands were balled into fists on the bed, and he couldn’t help but push his hips up, to chase that smooth, tight heat. It felt so damn good there were chills running down his spine, and he could feel the pressure building, could feel himself nearing that peak.
“Should we take him inside?” Steve asked as Tony closed the garden gate behind them, gently rubbing Peter’s back.
“And 5’9 isn’t
Tony stood in the middle of the room, soaking it all in, until Steve came to his side, pulled off the leather jacket draped around his shoulders.
Tony smirked. “And
, and he knew that things were about to change again. They were in the home stretch. They’d come so damn far. Tony and Steve had improved over the last few weeks, and as a result, the Bond Sickness drew back a bit, but now? With this sudden, unpredictable, potentially dangerous situation? Rhodey knew things could turn for the worst. He prayed they wouldn’t.
“I know,” Steve replied, gently brushed a hand through his hair. “It’ll go away soon, I promise.”
“God, l-look at you,” the blond gasped. He pumped his hips a little harder, could feel himself getting closer, his composure slipping. He knew he was leaking pre-cum like crazy, just adding to the mess. “Taking it so well, taking everything I give you. You’re so—ah— perfect, Tony.”
But it pleased him, knowing that Steve would stick up for him, protect what little was left of his honor. The same couldn’t be said for some of his previous partners, particularly the first, so long ago when he was still at MIT, so it was nice knowing that he was loved, that Steve thought he deserved only the utmost respect. The rest of the world didn’t seem to think so sometimes.
Tony lifted a hand, curled it around the side of his face, carded his fingers through the smooth, golden fur. He’d been a little squeamish about it the first time, letting Steve lick him like this, and how messy and strange it felt, but this was Steve after all, and Tony loved Steve, all of Steve, in any form, so he stopped minding really fast. It was filthy, in the best way, and never failed to make him more eager.
It took less than a second to decide to mess with Steve, and when he lifted his hand to apply fresh paint to his painting, Tony clenched around him, wiggled his hips a little, and took pleasure in the way it disrupted his boyfriend.
Was he okay? Was he
It was a standard briefing, in format, but its contents were anything but the ordinary. This document was of supreme importance, and was about to change everything.
Steve’s face was wet with his mate’s sweet slick when he pulled back completely, sat on his haunches. It was practically dripping down his chin at this point, messy and shiny, and he wiped it off with his hands. He cleaned it off of his fingers, sucking the thick liquid from each digit, savoring it like a goddamn dessert. Tony always produced so much slick, when Steve ate him out like this. There was something about it, maybe the prolonged stimulation, maybe Steve’s insistence, his fervor, the way he’d growl deep and low, and dig his fingers into his soft flesh that just made him
“Well you sure act like one, and I don’t think I should be rewarding you for it anymore. In fact, I changed my mind. I think we’re done tonight,” Steve said, moving to get off the bed.
Tony leaned up into it, and his eyes fluttered when their lips met. He melted into it entirely, all of the fear and tension he’d been unable to escape tonight finally disappearing. It didn’t last all that long; it was just a small, tender kiss, which in itself was kind of a miracle, because people normally kissed Tony hard and fast, like they were stealing bits of him away. Steve wasn’t stealing anything. He kissed Tony like he was precious, irreplaceable, like he was something special. It felt good to kiss him. It felt right.
Peter nodded at the question enthusiastically, and reached out for him too. He rarely passed up the chance to be in Tony’s arms. “I swim,” he confirmed.
“Sounds like a hassle,” Steve agreed. He still wasn’t sure what Tony was getting at, and the curiosity slowly bubbled up in him.
to Howard about it, but Tony wouldn’t let him, always held him back. Steve didn’t care anymore now. This had to stop.
He could only eat a bit of his Chinese food, because the motion of chewing only irritated his migraine some more, but he powered through enough to feel full, and eventually,
to take it, to take all Steve gave him. Steve had a lot to give in any form, and the knowledge that Tony was the only one allowed to take it, to kiss, and touch and feel him filled him with pride every time, made him want to wear every mark and scratch and bruise he’d end up with by the end of this like a badge of honor.
His cum was warm, sticky, painted her abdomen. It slowly dripped down between them, would definitely stain her black silky clothing, but she didn’t mind. She
“Yeah, please—please, I wanna—“
Tony’s voice was full of complaint, but a little kinder, more amicable than it had been in the past. Some of the familiarity had gone back into his tone, but even so, Steve worried. It was all too easy for that to be pulled back, for Tony to get angry all over again.
By the haunted look in the blond’s eyes, it was clear Steve had asked himself the same question over and over.
Tony felt a lump growing in his throat again, but this time he didn’t mind so much. He laughed breathlessly, Steve’s words warming him, smoothing away his worries, his doubts, if only for a moment. He would take this moment, and every other moment given. “If you’re still trying to make up for being late, you’ve done it,” Tony said, smiling up at him.
He wanted to cum. He was
Steve couldn’t help but let out a puff of laughter at that. He shook his head, smiled to himself. “He’ll be here before you know it. Just a few more weeks.”
“Fuck…” he said, little more than a breathless whisper.
. It was a little hard to think, presently, except for how he wanted more, how he wanted Steve to fill him, to take him, to
They pretended to let the information soak in, exchanged glances. “Did you catch them? Where are they?” Tony asked, a little hesitation in his tone, which he cursed himself for. He had to get it under control. He couldn’t afford to let Ross know what he knew.
Well, it was a lot smaller than their bed at home. The mattress kind of sucked, and the sheets were anything but expensive, but hell, he’d spend three months on a cot in an Afghan cave before, so the brunet couldn’t complain too much.
He was staring up at her now, taking in the darkness of her eyes, the possessive spark in them, and how her face was a little flushed, because she was enjoying this too, loved it almost as much as Steve did, and sometimes he was sure he was the luckiest guy in the world.
Tony smiled, honest and bright and beautiful, a smile like Steve had been trying to coax out of him the whole time, and the brunet nodded, curled into his side contentedly. “I’d like that.”
Now they were swimming a little more before heading home for the day. Peter would need a nap soon, but for now he was enjoying himself. He seemed to really like the beach, had spent a good hour playing in the sand earlier, building a little sand castle with Tony’s help. They’d put on their water shoes and went to the tide pools about a mile away too, and Peter had been absolutely fascinated by the crabs they found.
He felt like more of an animal than a man, honestly, every thought and desire fixed on a singular point, a singular objective, as if his survival depended on it. Each passing day brought more frustration, more urgency. At least a dozen times, Steve thought about abandoning the plan, taking his risks with the UN and calling Tony from a pay phone.
Tony was thinking along similar lines. He chewed the inside of his cheek, nodded to Vision, and tried to hope for the best. If this didn’t work, he had to think of something else. He wasn’t sure he could idly sit by if Vision’s little trip didn’t get them anywhere. He needed Steve. Whether he wanted it to be that way or not, he needed Steve. If their search failed, it would be time for brainstorming, maybe for something a little riskier. He hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
“Oh—oh—christ, Steve—please,
They all exchanged glances. Steve thought his heart had stopped. What could it be now? Was it some horrible news? Was Tony okay? Was Steve too late? His mouth went dry, and he could feel his pulse all the way down to his fingertips.
Tony replied. His voice was softer, more vulnerable, and Steve hated it.
Steve’s bangs were plastered to his forehead with sweat, and his shirt long taken off. He felt a little silly, the first ten or so minutes, being dressed up top but without any pants, but that embarrassment wore off as quickly as it came when Tony got comfortable on his lap, leaned back against his shoulder to kiss him deeply.
that followed, but he still managed to find sweet moments in the past despite it all.
The blond looked at him expectantly a moment, the unanswered question still hanging in the air, and Tony knew he had to answer it…eventually. He didn’t say anything at first, just stared back into Steve’s eyes until the soldier raised a brow. After a few seconds of silence, and Tony raising his brow in return, they both laughed.
“Need me to fill you up, make you feel good like you always do me?”
Tony jumped, his heart rate shooting up. “Oh,” he whispered, heat blooming across his skin, even through the fabric of his slacks. It didn’t hurt, per se, but it stung a little, in the best way.
They were both a
“Very true,” Steve replied. “And if I hadn’t been so okay with a stranger practically pressed up against me for half an hour without me knowing it, we wouldn’t be here right now,” he joked, adjusting his position so that he was above Tony, boxing him in.
“They’ll ask about the algorithm again,” Tony said, letting out a sigh. “They will. I’ve got to figure out what to do about it.”
be easy.
“You’ve been waiting so long for it, huh? When was the last time I fucked you?” she wondered, shifted a little on his lap, pressing against his groin.
“Count,” he said simply, and drew back, let his hand contact with Tony’s ass again.
No, Steve couldn’t lie to him. Not ever.
“I’m—uh, what?” the brunet asked.
“Lie there and take it,” the soldier said. “Take my cock like a good boy.”
a car until now.
Tony let out a little sigh at that, managed to take the Alpha’s words to heart. He smiled a little, leaned up and nosed at Steve’s bond mark, relished in the quiet wave of contentment that spread through him at his scent, at their connection.
The soldier brushed a large hand over the length of Tony’s throat, soft and low. He could feel Tony’s pulse there, heightened, and saw the way the brunet squirmed a little on the bed.
“Insane, yet rewarding, like most of your ideas are,” Steve replied after a second of thought.
Neither knew exactly what to say.
But Tony never tormented him about it. He hadn’t from the start, really, beyond what Steve deserved, and that in itself continued to humble him, and probably would the rest of his life.
Well, Steve was right. The media could be damned, and so could the rest of the world. Tony was in bed with his mate, stuffed full with a knot, and feeling warm and tired in the best way. He wasn’t going to let any negative thoughts ruin his mood for the moment.
, so appreciated and important and real, that he found a lump growing in his throat.
“Last night, the Quinjet was spotted in Italian airspace, departing from an old factory. Our operatives pursued the rogues southward, across the ocean, engaged them. The jet went down in northern Tunisia.”
Tony seemed eager to let it blow too. He wasn’t an idiot, could feel, see the way Steve was looking at him now, his eyes, so damn blue, tracing over the lines of his face, unable to tear themselves away. He could see the way the blond was leaning forward a little, saw the hint of blush on his cheeks. Tony thought he might pass out one day, with gazes like that, so visceral, so unabashed.
“Cap!” Tony called out urgently.
He could still feel their hands on him, hear their voices in his ear. He could feel them crowding around him in the upstairs hall, with the music blaring and the lights low. He could feel their wandering hands, first smooth and light but then angry and insistent, invasive, and it made him feel small and weak and stupid, so stupid. He let out a little sob before he could stop himself.
Steve let out a little laugh at that, cupped Tony’s ass cheeks, gave them a squeeze. The idea was plenty appealing. He’d been rock hard and leaking for a long time himself, more than ready to fuck his cum into his mate, but he was enjoying eating him out too much to properly fuck him quite yet.
the protrusion under his strong fingers. It filled him with possessive heat, and suddenly, this lesson was taking too long to teach.
He came with a groan, hips jerking out of control, hole clenching. He came between them, the mess slicking up their stomachs. It was intense pleasure, surprisingly intense, and was over in an instant, but the after-shocks of it raised goosebumps on his skin, left him gasping. There were tears streaming from his eyes; it was so good it made him
It had only been a few minutes of the scientist’s attention, but Steve was already hard, erection tenting the fabric. He lifted his hips so his husband could pull the garment down. It took a little finagling, but after a few moments they were back in the same position, with Steve’s shorts on the floor, and Tony finally wrapped a hand around his length.
Sam managed a huff of laughter. It was barely a laugh, but something about it soothed Natasha, and would have soothed Steve under a different circumstance.
God, it’d be so easy, if they were together, if Steve could just come home. Maybe it wouldn’t be perfect, and there would still be tension between them, things that would take a long time to be put to rest, but at least they could be
“Hurry up,” Tony said breathlessly, dug his fingers into the blankets. His cock was
Tony hummed a little, curled his leg over Steve’s. He loved being here, in the cradle of Steve’s arms. They were both a little sweaty, and still hadn’t washed the last traces of the ocean off beyond the quick outdoor shower at the beach, but could he be blamed for wanting a little cuddle time? He didn’t think so.
“I…I will,” Steve replied, nodded firmly.
Tony was so
She had plenty of practice finding his prostate by now, and angled her thrusts so they’d hit every time, alternated between just barely grazing it and pressing insistently, a sense of satisfaction growing in her as the soldier slowly became more vocal. Steve was always a little embarrassed about being loud in bed, at least at first, but after being together so many times, he was starting to be more comfortable with it, with letting loose, letting himself enjoy it all properly, whether he was being fucked or fucking her, fucking her so good that it left her hips aching, tears swimming in those long lashes from the pleasure of it all.
“Was the change of scenery good?” Steve knew damn well it was, because Tony’s normally serious, somewhat irritated expression was softened, a little happier. He was definitely more relaxed than when they left the house this morning. Steve hoped that their excursion would be enough to get his mind back on track, to help get those creative juices flowing again. He was sure it was, but had to ask anyways.
Steve rolled his eyes, but felt a little spark of joy warm his chest, which had been missing for so, so long.
“10 minutes!” Tony agreed, scooping his flowers off of the counter again and heading to the kitchen to find a vase for them.
Steve never had a problem being quiet. He was a fan of plenty of quiet activities, liked moments where nothing was going on and everything was easy and calm. He also, unlike Tony, happened to like rain, and thunderstorms. There was something about the low rumble of thunder, the splashing of raindrops against the windows that soothed him.
They turned to look at Steve, but he was lost in thought, in misery. His heart felt so heavy he thought it was going to fall to the ground. It hurt. It really did. It hurt like that day so many months ago, when he left in the first place, when he made a decision which haunted him for months to come, would probably always haunt him. His bond mark was screaming, aching: a mockery of the flame-wrought pain shooting up his arms.
“Def-definitely good,” Tony said, nodding. A little chill ran up his spine at Steve’s touch. “I-I just…I can’t turn it off. My brain. This whole thing makes me feel like a screw is jammed between my gears. The pressure is mounting and eventually it’s going to snap.”
Steve did as told. He took his seat, didn’t try to hide his relief. “You didn’t have to fix my plate for me,” he said as he picked up his fork. “I could’ve done it myself.”
, like he’d wanted to say those words for so long, just as long as Steve had wanted to hear them. He spoke with conviction, and it was in his eyes too, in his expression. He meant the words, and Steve knew it.
He was in a really good mood today, which was a relief, because he’d been extremely cranky the day before, and they ended up staying inside with him and watching reruns of his favorite show over and over again to keep him placated.
he upset lately?) but staying away from his friend was starting to become difficult, in more ways than one.
Damn, that was good.
, even after their extreme rough patch, after facing astronomical odds. He hoped he’d never lose him. The last few months had been a welcome relief, a reprieve from years of stress and fear, and they’d grown closer, understood each other better than before. He wanted to hold on to that relief as long as he could.
“You really don’t mind waiting?” Steve asked, eyes flickering between Tony and the table. He didn’t want to make Tony wait any longer. He was probably starving at this point.
“You have wonderful ideas,” Steve agreed. “Your brain, the things you come up with, they blow me away, Tony.” The fact that Tony had asked something like this at all was indicative of his mental state. In a good mood, Tony never second-guessed himself, never doubted his own abilities. Now though, he’d fallen victim to Howard’s poisonous words, and not for the first time. This was a softer Tony, one who needed to be reassured, who needed Steve to reassure him.  It’d take a long time to build him back up again, and Steve knew just how.
bad, wanted to just be able to hold the damn kid in his arms already, see his face, hear him cry, to know that he was okay. He wanted this over with, wanted everything to feel okay for just a second. He wanted… He wanted…
“Well shit,” he replied. “I guess all my hard work these last few months wasn’t for nothing.”
about him when he wasn’t there, saying how horrible and selfish and dense he was, that he couldn’t even see that everyone hated him, that they couldn’t actually stand being around him. Maybe—maybe—
“I sure hope so. Ross was pretty pissed about it on the video conference. I don’t know how much longer I can keep him in the dark. You should’ve seen the look he gave me,” Tony sighed.
[What do you want me to do?? Just tell me and I’ll do it!]
“Get in line,” Steve replied, and let out a sharp exhale.
around here?”
The bruise forming on his hip from where he’d been pushed into Howard’s desk stood out, angry and purple against the brunet’s tanned skin, and it made Steve’s heart clench.
“Later,” Steve told himself in the mirror, nodded for good measure. He put the box in the pocket of his suit.
“You’ve got it,” Steve assured him, and he dove in for another kiss, shifting his hips up against Tony’s, caressing his skin, every inch he could find, and Tony’s hands settled in his hair, fingers curled around the golden strands, tugged a little in a way that had Steve grunting into his mouth, and they kissed and kissed and kissed until Tony’s lips were pink and swollen, until even Steve’s face was red with it, and his cock was hard and leaking in his jeans.
“Yeah. Guess that’s what happens when you wake up four times a night just to play with your toes and lie about being hungry.”
he was, or maybe it was something to do with the way he was raised, with the juxtaposition of utter lack of attention from his actual parents and the extreme doting on by his nanny.
, and wonderful.
“You’re right,” Tony replied, turning his head and pressing a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Just like you’ve been hoping and praying that I’ll
He couldn’t give up though. He had to do everything in his power to get back to Tony, at least through a phone, to explain. If he couldn’t, if he failed
He bit his lip, looked down at his baby bump. Tony let out a little breath. “Just…get back to me, sweetheart. We need you.”
“Oh lord, oh Jesus—“ Tony groaned, bucking his hips back into Steve’s grasp, into the hot, wet tongue licking and sucking at his rim. He needed
he asked.
The three of them let that sink in. None of them could think of a better option. They’d forfeited better options a long time ago, had to work with what they had, which at the moment, was practically nothing.
“It’s okay,” the nurse assured him, bracing his shoulder. His hands dropped to his sides, his arms exhausted, but his fingers twitched, itching to hold his child again.
Steve fucked up into him, the drag increasing with each thrust, the slick leaking out around his dick, dripping onto his lap as much as it could, until he was finally locked in, as deep inside his mate as he could be.
It smelled like him, like his cologne. Tony had smelled it often enough to recognize the scent anywhere, and he would gladly drown in it. He tilted his head, breathed in deeply as Steve walked around the car to the driver’s side.
“I can find my way anywhere through this apartment in the dark. You know I love nighttime.”
The brunet sighed, shut his eyes. “Don’t remind me,” he replied, tucked his face further in the crook of Steve’s neck. “I’m gonna be getting an earful for the meeting I missed today.”
,” he groaned through it, sounding a little more wrecked than he probably preferred, but he
Steve groaned at the tone of his voice, his own cock throbbing in his pants. He’d unbuttoned his jeans a while ago, to relieve some of the pressure, but it was getting hard not to touch himself now too. His boxers were practically soaked and sticky with pre-cum already, and as much as he wanted to draw it out, to keep Tony like this, soft and desperate, he didn’t think he could take much more of it himself.
If he didn’t kiss Steve in the next three minutes, properly kiss him, not just something small and exploratory like the night before, he thought he might die.
“You’re all full, huh? Full of me, wet and sloppy and sweet. Does it feel good, Tony? Tell me how good it feels.”
Yes, it was better to keep it all to themselves. After all, he knew Tony belonged to him, and that was good enough. No one else had to know. They were left alone often enough that it didn’t really matter if anyone else knew or not. They could spend plenty time together, unbothered, and additionally, there were always places to hide, if their enthusiasm outweighed their patience.
“Thank you,” Tony replied, gratefully taking the drink from Steve.
He picked up the pace, bobbed his head a little quicker, until the room was filled with the squelch of his spit slicking up the length, and Tony’s hips couldn’t stay still anymore, thrusting up into the heat, the smooth, wet channel of the soldier’s mouth. His hands came down, settled on Steve’s head, threaded in the golden strands of his hair, a little tight, desperate, but nothing Steve couldn’t handle.
Tony scoured social media, checked old correspondence servers, tried to collect footage from whatever uncorrupted files remained from the Quinjet. He wasn’t rewarded with anything recent, or useful. He spent the night in Rhodey’s bed, reminiscing about their college days to feel better. It didn’t help much.
Tony knew nobody could give him the answers. If he wanted them, he would have to discover them himself. What he would do with those answers was another matter entirely. He’d worry about that bridge when he got to it. The Alpha took another deep breath. His baby responded with a lovely kick in the ribs. He was shaping up to be kind of a pain, just like his father.
Tony stuck their new fridge magnet in the pocket of his cardigan, got a little comfier. “Ready for home,” he agreed.
There were few things he enjoyed sketching more than Tony and Peter. They made a lovely composition now, with the Alpha curled around their child a little, distracted by the book he’d grabbed after getting Peter settled.
A hot tear rolled down his cheek, and then another, and another, and he couldn’t stop them. “I thought I could do it. I thought I could do it all for you. I told myself we didn’t need him, that I didn’t need him. B-but I expected too much. You’re so little, such a little thing, and I-I should’ve known better.”
“Hurts,” he admitted. “We uh…we had a disagreement while you were gone,” Tony added, avoiding Steve’s gaze.
Tony smiled at Steve’s declaration and found his lips again in the dark, gave him a slow kiss. “I love you too,” he replied. “You and your pretty voice.”
care! If he decides it’s over, we’re
The problem was he didn’t seem to plan on doing that anytime soon. Steve was leaving now, for most likely half a year, if not longer, and that would certainly halt any progress they had made in their relationship. They still argued, a lot actually, but enjoyed being around each other. Tony was infuriating in all the right ways, and Steve would really,
Tony looked around the familiar garden at the question. The citrus trees had always been big, spread far and wide, even when he was a kid, but they’d definitely grown a little over the years. There was plenty of shade here and greenery, and it was quiet, and admittedly gorgeous.
Neither wanted a repeat of the last year and a half.
He walked in a few steps, looked around at the furniture, and the fixtures, and the decorations, the little indicators that it was definitely Steve’s place. There was a record player in the corner, and the TV was smaller than one Tony would buy for himself, and the bookshelf was practically filled to bursting. There was a big, circular case propped up against the wall, which instinct told Tony was nothing other than his famous shield (he’d definitely ask to see it later).
They were a pretty good size, had obviously been growing for years. There were tons of apples hanging on the eaves, and some on the ground too; it seemed to be a good year for harvesting, which after all of the misfortune the world had suffered, the changes it had gone through since The Battle, was promising. It meant better days were on the horizon for everyone, or at least, Tony tried to believe that.
“Fuck, please, please,” Tony said softly, fists clenching and unclenching, trying to stay composed.
The relief was instant, and full-bodied. Tony let out a sigh as he regarded the sleeping form of his baby. He lifted a shaky hand, traced the curve of Peter’s cheek, his nose. He was still fast asleep, probably just as exhausted as Tony was.
“Can’t relax enough to sleep. I feel like I’m gonna jump out of my skin,” Tony admitted. He heaved another sigh.
Tony was still tight enough, even with the dildo gone, that Steve would have
The Alpha was sitting with Wanda now, watching some show in a language they couldn’t understand on the small television their place had come with. It was kind of late already, way past their bedtimes, but she complained that she couldn’t sleep, so Steve offered to make her some tea and keep her company. He poured himself a mug too, held the ceramic between his hands, tried to take comfort in its warmth.
He didn’t think he was doing that good of a job. He still missed Tony, more than he could say. He anxiously awaited those few moments of the day when Tony would check in with him, where he would share his day, and a fraction of his attention. It was a little pathetic how much Steve looked forward to those moments really, but he couldn’t help it.
, got them both worked up that much more.
world, and now they shared one together.
Tony stayed in the car.
, for putting him in this situation in the first place. He cursed anything and everything, had to place the blame somewhere when the baby crowned and he felt like he was being split apart. He let out an agonized shout that drifted into a strained whimper; he couldn’t manage much more.
He didn’t have to wait too long before the door was opening though. Steve entered, holding a drink carrier in one hand and a bag in the other. He looked damn good, as usual, wearing a stupid tight, white shirt and jeans and his leather jacket. His bangs were a little windswept, his cheeks a little rosy from the cool temperature outside, which really just completed the picture. He was a sight for sore eyes, and Tony’s mood instantly improved.
When the tip of Tony’s tongue swept across his slit, he let out a moan. “
Steve thought.
“No bike?” Tony asked, taking in the car before him as they walked. He stumbled a little, but recovered, didn’t have the energy to feel embarrassed about it.
[No. I don’t want to keep doing this.]
Sitting in the conference room, both Tony and the Secretary were reminded of their last meeting, where threats were exchanged and neither party left happy. They’d managed to not have a repeat performance over the passing months, thankfully, but neither were particularly excited about the prospect of yet another meeting. Ross barely offered a greeting this time around, said time was of the essence, and led them to the conference room.
He tried to stifle a sob, but it slipped out anyway, wracked his body with it. He opened his tear-filled eyes, and Peter was looking up at him, all sleepy innocence, and Tony couldn’t take it anymore. “I’m so sorry, baby. You deserve so much better than me. So much better.”
“I can’t, Jim,” Tony replied, shaking his head, his eyes shut and brows pinched. “I can’t, I—I can’t do it—“
sorry, sweetheart—the phone—I tried to—“
The blond’s heart was thundering in his chest, and the room suddenly felt a thousand degrees warmer, and everything narrowed down to the feeling of Tony against him, finally,
. It had happened before, and he nearly blacked out from how hard it turned him on. If asked, he would admit to having a size kink. There was no way he could pretend otherwise.
“I’ll figure it out when I get there,” Tony replied.
“Calm down, man. We’ll figure something out,” Sam replied, wiping the sweat and grime from his brow, though he was feeling just as frazzled. He needed to convince himself just as much as Steve that things would be okay. “We’ll…We’ll wait, and go back to the jet, see if anything can be salvaged.”
His throat felt kinda tight, and he sniffled, his nose twitching in the way it often did when he got too emotional and was trying to hide it. “Well, good luck down there,” he said. “People in Washington can be real assholes, I’ll tell you from experience. Try to stay out of trouble.”
There was no way in hell Rhodey was leaving Tony’s side now. He could already smell the sharp edge in his friend’s scent, the stress, the uncertainty, even, dare he say it, the
The king, thankfully, nodded. “Follow Shuri to my office. There you can—“
The blond’s heart skipped a beat. [I’m all ears.]
“It’d be worth it,” Steve protested. “I’d love to kick everyone’s ass who ever hurt you. Your dad included.”
that thing? Oh. Coulson had. Well. Maybe Tony couldn’t hate it too much then.
different too, but not unfamiliar, and that drove away any slow-building panic before it could sink its claws into him.
He could sense the change in Tony’s voice now though, and had secretly hoped he would reach out this week, now that it was just the two of them and Vision in the Compound. Tony had never been good at dealing with his emotions, especially not candidly or publically, so Rhodey hoped the Compound being empty would encourage him to confront his emotions, even if it was just to yell at Rhodey again. Tony’s tone now didn’t sound like he wanted to yell, and it was a relief. The airman tried to play it off, didn’t want to let on just how happy it made him.
remember though, and he ended up describing the garment in too much detail, rambling a little, stumbling over his words.
Of course it bothered him though. Who wouldn’t be bothered? It was uncomfortable, and demeaning, and scary, and it wasn’t the first time something like that had happened, but he hoped it would be the last. At the moment, he didn’t think he’d be going to another party any time soon. It obviously hadn’t been worth the pain, the fear and humiliation. God, he could remember it a little more vividly now that he’d properly woken up.
hating him, and though the blond loved him enough still to share a bed, to come checking on him in the shower after they landed, Tony couldn’t help but feel like he’d ruined everything, like he had caused a rift between them that could never be repaired.
—” His eyes were shut and brows pinched, whether from pleasure or frustration Tony couldn’t say. Maybe his teasing had more of an affect than he anticipated.
Suddenly, the distance between them felt a little too large, like a great divide, and he wanted nothing more than to fill it.
Tony frowned a little. “Of course it bothers me. I’ve been dealing with it my whole life. I’ve been dealing with
“Just tell them Captain America had urgent business for you,” Steve said. “If any of them have a problem with it, they can take it up with me.”
“We’ll have to wait and see if they’ll send Vision alone or with a team. Hopefully it’ll be alone,” Rhodey said.
“I am,” Steve confirmed, though he didn’t sound all too happy about it.
“Which one of these looks the best to you?” Steve asked as they walked down the first row. He wasn’t sure exactly which tree to pick, which one suited him the best.
do this. Why, huh? Need the whole damn world to pay attention to you, don’t you?”
. I’ve been sick, still
The brunet left behind his work in the kitchen for the moment to search for Steve and Peter. Nothing brought him from feeling mediocre to utterly content as quickly as holding his child did. His fingers were itching to grab a hold of his little boy, to hold him close, to smell him, give him a kiss. He always thought it was weird when people said babies had a particularly pleasant smell, but it was true. Maybe Tony was just biased.
He couldn’t even remember what he was reading about at this point. It was one of his mother’s classic novels—Wuthering Heights? Yeah, that was the one. It wasn’t his kind of thing, really, but it was what he had on hand. He knew at the start of this that he wouldn’t really be able to focus on it anyway, so he’d picked something random. He liked watching Steve work, in general, because the skill that went into his pieces was fascinating and a little awe inspiring, and besides, he knew when he invented this little game that it would take up most of his focus.
Eventually, Tony shuddered in his arms, and the blond looked him over properly, blinked away his dreams, his wishes. “God, you look like you’re freezing. Where’s your jacket?” he asked, rubbing Tony’s arms, trying to get him warmer.
He couldn’t do it though, wouldn’t let himself, but if Tony was going to purposefully try to work him up now, Steve could do the same.
He had a choice to make here. He could lay it all out, confess his feelings and start something, something beautiful and dangerous and secret, between the two of them, or he could stay quiet, do the responsible thing and put aside his dreams, his heart’s desire.
He’d never get tired of hearing that.
“Wait and see,” Steve repeated, as if the concept was foreign to him. It was anything but, at this point. Maybe there really was nothing else to do at the moment though, but to wait for things to fall into place. He desperately hoped they would.
The place seemed nice enough, simplistic and charming in a way different than most of the shops down in Manhattan, or even Brooklyn. There was a hand painted sign above the door, and an informational board at its side, announcing that this was its 78
The brunet shook his head. “No. No, I don’t want that,” he replied firmly. “It’s not the right time. I can’t deal with a PR nightmare right now.” That much was true. Steve was missing, and they were all in danger. Trying to explain even a fraction what was going on to the media seemed impossible. What could he say?
. I doubt you’re the only one they’ve tried something with, and I doubt they’d stop now just because you got away.”
T’challa made a gesture with his hand, and a holographic projection sprung up from his bracelet.
He looked over at the object in question, his eyes dark, but warm, a little melancholy. Tony had obviously polished it a little; it was in good condition, but obviously original, looked different than the reproductions they sold in stores nowadays. There were a stack of records neatly placed next to the player too.
“Typical,” Steve grit out, his hands a vice around Tony’s hips as the brunet shuddered in his grasp, torn between scooting up the bed to get away from the intrusion or driving himself back further on Steve’s cock.
But what if he wasn’t? What if Steve really was just with him because it was convenient, because it meant better communication, easier access, more supplies for the team? What’s if Tony really was just a vending machine, for love, for
And he still got the better end of the deal. He still got let off easy. He’d been pardoned, was being sent home, allowed to come home, to be a father, and to try to make up for it all, because Tony, and the baby didn’t have another option. They couldn’t even be free from him, would maybe never be free of him, and it wasn’t fucking fair to them, and he knew it.
“Me too,” the brunet said finally. “It…none of that should’ve happened. We should have been smarter,” he said. “But we weren’t. We made a lot of mistakes, and some of them still fuck me up, and you too, apparently. But it’s in the past, sweetheart. The important thing is that we don’t fuck it up again.”
Not that being with Steve in general didn’t make him feel connected. Being with Steve was sensational, in every meaning of the word. It made him feel like nothing else could. Every moment spent together, just the two of them, felt like a blessing, especially every second in
“Yours,” Tony agreed either way, because he was. The mark on his neck was testament to that, and he wouldn’t have it any other way. “All y-yours—
He tried to talk, to get his thoughts in order. He had to talk, had to tell Steve what happened. He didn’t think he could lie, not right now, and he didn’t
far out of reach, because that’s how Steve wanted it at the moment, didn’t want him to cum just quite yet, and goddamn was it driving Tony nuts.
“Stitches—“
It felt unbelievably good, after the mediocre morning Tony was having. Laying there, all together like they did more often than not definitely lulled Tony into a state of comfort and exhaustion. It wouldn’t take long to fall asleep.
the jet can be repaired, the UN will take it apart and look for anything and everything. And furthermore, the goddamn
“God…” Steve groaned, and let out a breath. The intensity finally eased off after a while, and he turned his eyes to the ceiling. His vision was still a little hazy, but damn did he feel good. Tony’s vanilla whiskey scent was deep and pleased, the reward for his hard work, and Steve couldn’t help but smile a little, turn his head to breathe it in.
“Spread these babies for me,” Tony ordered, though his tone was anything but commanding, volume low and dripping with honey.
[How did it go? Are you guys alright?]
With Steve, it was different. With Steve, he wanted to try new things, wanted to experience every facet of pleasure available, in and out of the bedroom. He wanted anything and everything Steve would give him, wanted everything possible.
, and didn’t have much support, save that of his nanny’s growing up, and now, Steve’s. But Howard found fault in Tony wherever he looked.
that Steve was wearing the day Tony met him, and that he’d been wearing during clean up and minor missions the two months after the Battle of New York, was offensive on multiple levels. The colors were absurdly saturated. The general form looked more like an adult onesie with matching boots than a uniform. It made Steve look kind of ridiculous, really, and Tony couldn’t stand it.
“Did she have a favorite one?” he asked after a moment.
Steve said, another affirmation, a goodbye.
“Steve—Steve—oh—!“
“I don’t know how you’re going to figure all this out, but you will,” Bucky insisted. “You always figure it out.”
Steve let out a groan, tossed his head back as the dildo slid against his walls, at the firm, thick length of it, the steady pressure. God, it felt like so much, and knowing that they’d chosen a dildo approximately his size, knowing that this was how Natasha had to feel every time he fucked
“An emergency?” T’challa prompted. His eyes swept over Steve’s form, how different he looked since the last time they’d seen each other.
“Blood—“
. His suit was torn in a few spots. The bright star on his chest was gone; maybe he’d pulled it off himself, stripped it away like his identity.
Tony could feel his mouth water a little, a stirring in his stomach that was far too familiar. He really didn’t want to throw up right now.
There wasn’t necessarily a sense of urgency, but it was still just…
“How?” she asked. It wasn’t that she doubted his good intentions, but if the last few months were any indication, the Alpha wasn’t in the position to make promises. She didn’t want to get her hopes up that things were going to change, only for them to be dashed. They’d been on the run for half a year now, and there was no end to it in sight. But then again, he and Tony were speaking to each other again, more or less, so maybe change
was different. The concept of going back to the past now, of giving up everything he had here, was more of a nightmare than a dream. He suspected that’s why he’d seen it, why the thought was haunting him. He tried to ignore it, had done so successfully earlier when he needed to sleep, and would keep ignoring it now in favor of looking at his boyfriend.
He didn’t have to wait all too long for Steve to come back, but he couldn’t help but feel like a burden, feel stupid all over again for all that had happened tonight. The reality of the situation was dawning on him, and the fear, the regret set in, only made more turbulent by the waterfall of drinks he’d consumed today. It wasn’t uncommon for him to spend a few nights away from home (he was 19 now after all), and he’d only been gone tonight, would probably head home tomorrow morning or afternoon or whenever Steve decided to kick him out, but he’d have to come up with a cover story for all of this, and that worried him.
Steve shook his head, tugged an apple from the tree and tossed it in the basket. “Doesn’t have to be a pie,” he said. “There’s plenty of desserts we can whip up.”
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Uh—this one.” He looked through the stack, pulled one out. Steve didn’t need to prompt him to turn it on.
Part of him was hoping everything would be fixed by then, that things would somehow go back to normal, and a simple statement would suffice, though he knew that wasn’t possible. The answer, whatever it was, would be heinously complicated, he was sure. He still had some time to think about it all either way.
His eyes drifted open, took in the familiar room in the medbay, and started searching for his child, for the fruit of his labors.
“I ran away,” he repeated. “I didn’t want it like that. I ran away.”
He’d given Steve the descriptions of the three guys who’d ruined his night as best as he could. Their names were a little hard to remember, but Tony thought he got them right. Steve had a good memory, and plenty of practice identifying targets, so he assured Tony whatever he could say would be enough. The location of his jacket he
Tony didn’t know if Steve liked him, if he even liked
“Say cheese!” Steve prompted.
Tony considered that. He didn’t know if it made him feel any better, really. He couldn’t even talk at the moment.
“A-ah—!”
He wanted to talk to him so bad. He wanted to hear Tony’s voice, to know that he was okay. He hoped and prayed that this sudden misfortune wouldn’t wreak too much havoc, on Tony or the baby, but judging by the sinking feeling in his chest, and the feverish haze that settled in him, stronger than he anticipated, his prayers were ignored once more.
“Good,” his friend said. “And don’t miss me too much while you’re at it.”
[We’ll get through this I promise.]
The scientist came with a drawn out moan, aborted little thrusts into Steve’s mouth, the fingers in his hair tightening for a few seconds before falling slack, sliding down to the bed. Tony couldn’t open his eyes for a few seconds, coasted on the pleasure until he came back to himself.
“Shit,
The softness disappeared a little. He licked at the seam of Tony’s lips, and Tony opened almost automatically, let Steve kiss him harder, more intensely, and fuck it was good. Tony couldn’t help but fall to it, press himself closer against the warmth of Steve’s body, let his fingers glance the blond’s shoulder, and he shifted his hips against Steve’s before he could stop himself, and damn that felt good.
, that Tony had made him come here.
He felt sick. He felt
“You’ve got me,” Steve replied, leaning down and pressing a kiss to his thigh, drawing his fingers out. “Gonna stuff you full of my cock, fill you up just like you want, like you deserve,” he said, kind of breathless as he slipped off the bed to pull his pants off.
Steve, apparently thought so too, based on the ridiculous spurt of cum that filled Tony, warm and deep and oh so good.
“A-are you okay? Is he okay?”
“It isn’t,” Steve insisted, and let his thick cock brush against Tony’s slick hole agonizingly slowly. It took a lot of self control, because it’d be too damn easy to just sink in to the hilt, to fuck Tony quick and hard like he’d been aching to do for a while, but he wanted to do it in his time, didn’t want to give in so easily.
ago. Jumping right into it was a stupid decision, no matter how much his dick was asking for it.
He knew Rhodey was trying to encourage him, trying to get him to get over his self-made hang-ups, but it didn’t make it any easier. Part of him did miss Steve’s voice, couldn’t help but remember the timid, desperate way he’d said ‘I love you’ when they last spoke, and wanted to hear more of it. He still yearned for Steve’s touch, for those strong arms to wrap around him, keep him safe and warm in bed. The part of him that still demanded vindication for this whole mess was loathe to pick up the phone though, and to imagine any of those things. Steve had hurt him, had left him. He may have been sorry about it, but the damage was already done. Tony simply didn’t
“I’m sure everyone would love to see them,” the blond said. “I know I would.”
“Not that screaming at the trees isn’t a great plan, boys, but we’ve got to come up with something better,” Natasha said, rubbing her temple. Her voice was still a little gravelly from smoke inhalation.
“Don’t mention it,” the soldier insisted.
Tony couldn’t get his mouth to work. He sat there, clutching his child, wide eyed as Steve spoke, standing but a few feet away, for the first time in over half a year.
The blond rolled his eyes, but lowered himself the last few inches, brushed his lips against the brunet’s. He kissed Tony softly, a quick, chaste kiss, and drew back. “You’re such a brat,” he sighed.
, because it’s starting to get real old. I don’t like fucking snotty little teenagers.”
Tony nodded, didn’t even think about it really. He was laid bare, couldn’t bring himself to lie, or hide his thoughts. “Yeah, wanna be good, good for you Steve, daddy, oh
Steve raised a brow as Tony led him by the hand towards the spacious living room.
“You probably feel terrible. Do you want to go to my place, or should I take you home?” The soldier asked, praying that the answer was the former. He didn’t want to leave Tony’s side. Not tonight.
“Well, consider me flattered. I always knew I bought the finest umbrella in the world.”
“You do,” he replied. “You bother me more than anybody, but it’s not you so much as the things you
He still felt himself go a little breathless though, and nodded softly, stared at the buttons on Steve’s shirt. “Okay,” he said softly.
touch yourself,” Steve snapped, his hips nudged forward for emphasis. He slid a little further down Tony’s throat, groaned, and pulled back, relished in the way the brunet’s hand smacked down against the bed in a fist, irritated, but obedient. “Fuck, that’s it…”
“Take your clothes off,” Steve said, and there was something in his gaze, maybe a lack of patience now, that managed to shut Tony up.
It was. Tony couldn’t help but laugh a little again, shake his head. “She truly was the smartest person in the world. Okay. How about you just lie back and I’ll make you feel good?”
“If you say so…” Tony muttered, unconvinced.
good.
Six days later, his water broke.
Even in the low light, Tony could see the blue of his eyes, his bangs sweeping over his brows, his handsome visage. He looked strong and safe and familiar, and the brunet thanked his lucky stars.
The parking lot was relatively empty; they’d chosen a good day to come here. It didn’t seem like they’d have any trouble picking a good bunch of apples. Tony was glad it wouldn’t be crowded here. He didn’t normally mind a bit of a crowd, but today, he had a lot on his mind, a lot of frustration he wanted to smooth away. He hoped this little trip, picking apples, would help him with that.
God, he loved Tony.
“Oh fuck,” he sighed, a hand coming up to cover his face. “I…my card’s in the jacket,” Tony explained, voice muffled. “Howard will kill me if someone gets it.”
Either way, at 21, Tony managed to have the attitude of a 15 year old, which was mildly hilarious, because he was smarter than people twice his age. He was serious, when he had to be. He could be respectful, when he wanted to be. Most of the time though, he found a sense of satisfaction in getting the upper hand in a conversation, in twisting words around to get what he wanted, whether by outsmarting his conversation partner or turning on the charm. For every bit a brat Tony was, he was equally charming, and that was really the kicker. It was how he kept people around, how he stretched people to the limits of their patience and left them coming back for more.
By the time they reached the Wakandan border, Steve was at his wits end.
The pain seemed to radiate from his core in waves this time, only getting stronger and stronger as time passed.
The brunet chuckled a little. “Always the gentleman, huh?”
“Please, sweetheart,” he said.
“He’s here, he’s right here, see?” Pepper replied, and gestured to the other side of the bed. Directly next to it was a bassinet, hospital standard, and sleeping peacefully, swaddled in a blanket with a little hat on his head, was Tony’s baby.
‘I’d like to see you try.’”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Tony said, and he leaned into the touch, relished the tenderness of it. He really loved when people played with his hair. Steve seemed to sense that. Steve seemed to sense a hell of a lot about him, about what he loved, what he needed, and that in itself was amazing.
Steve pulled back a little now, almost disappeared from the bed entirely and it left Tony turning his head, craning his neck to catch sight of him. Steve’s paws dragged back on either side of his body, spread wide, and then were on Tony, absurdly big and warm, his claws just slightly digging into his flesh.
It was always good, because it was Tony, and Steve loved him so much, loved doing
?” he asked, the exasperation clear in his tone.
Before he had time to adjust on the bed, he could feel the soldier’s big hands on his backside, and Steve tugged his hips up. “On your knees,” he growled, and for once, Tony obliged.
He’d end up leaving a bruise, he knew, but Tony didn’t mind, could hardly feel it at the moment. He was too busy groaning, open-mouthed into the blankets below them, his hips pitched up, his back curved in a delicious slope that let Steve watch the shift of his shoulder blades, how they were glistening with sweat, and damn did it feel good.
The blond swallowed hard, wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and tugged him closer. He’d had the thought himself a few times, but it wasn’t exactly a helpful one. Wishing like that wouldn’t do them any good, after what had happened. It wouldn’t change anything.
Tony’s hand snaked around to Steve’s front, and he slipped a hand between them, palmed the obvious bulge in his pants. Steve let out a little moan at that, bucked up into the touch, and it really didn’t take much more than that.
He brushed a hand through his hair, and took a sip of his coffee. It was damn good, honestly. It wasn’t what he had at home, but whatever Steve had ordered suited his tastebuds just fine. The first few sips made him feel smooth and easy, even let him forget about his headache a little.
He felt hollow, and drained, and
“Well then, God bless the rain,” Steve replied, and held out his hand for Tony to take.
Steve’s face was a little more somber, his eyes—god, they were so beautiful— deep enough to drown in. The sun made his hair that much more golden, and a gentle breeze blew by, sweeping it back a little. Tony could have stared at him for hours, sometimes did. He took as many opportunities as possible throughout the day to stare at Steve. Even though the man sometimes irritated him, caused him plenty of grief over the years, he’d never been able to find a view that left him so content.
“Beautiful. Perfect,” Steve insisted, a hand dancing up Tony’s back, settling in his dark hair. He tugged on the strands the way he knew Tony loved. Seeing the way he leaned into it, the red spreading over his cheeks made Steve feel warm too, made him shift his hips a little, keenly aware of the weight of Tony on his lap, the gorgeous curve of his ass. “Let me take care of you, baby. Let me make you feel good. Do you want that?”
Tony hadn’t really expected anything else. Steve was always understanding, always kind, even in the event of an argument, so he didn’t foresee any of this being a problem. He brought Steve’s hand to his lips, kissed his palm in thanks.
“Which drink’s mine?” Tony asked, regarding the cups.
good,” Steve sighed, stared up at the ceiling with half-lidded eyes.
that it wouldn’t end the same way, that he wouldn’t be hurt again.
Steve didn’t want it to end either, even as the next song started playing, and Tony tried to pull back out of his arms, to go turn it off.
fault in the first place? Could desperation alone repair what they had, because they needed it to? Because Tony needed it to? Would it be enough for the baby? How was Tony supposed to fix all of this?
if he didn’t cum tonight, if Steve left him here like this.
Nurse Celene had warned him time and time again over the last few weeks that stress was the enemy, that just because some of the risk in his sickness had abated didn’t mean he was out of the clear, and what fell directly into his lap now? An incredible amount of stress, which he highly doubted would be mitigated within the next twenty-four hours, which did what exactly? That’s right, make him
“No!” he said before he could stop himself, and his breathing got faster, rushed, and it turned into a little sob. Damn it.
“I love you back,” he whispered, and held him until he fell asleep.
Tony relished it, and every future touch, and kiss, and moment of happiness he was bound to receive. He was astounded, utterly grateful and supremely excited by the realization that Steve Rogers finally belonged to him. Not only that, but
“What—I wanna hold him,” Tony insisted, ignoring his pain. His hazy eyes fixed on Pepper now, pleading.
Tony couldn’t help but let out a growl at that, his voice raised a fraction higher. “Will it, Steve? It’ll be okay? Like everything has been so peachy keen the last few months?”
“Gonna—my knot—“
Steve shook his head, stared down at his feet. “No,” he replied. “I don’t think…I don’t think Tony can do anything for us,” he replied. “Or if he even would if he had the chance…”
There wasn’t much time for conversation then. Steve’s huge, warm hand running up and down his shaft had Tony reaching his limit far too quick for his own liking. He couldn’t do anything but hold on for dear life and throw his head back as he came all over Steve’s hand, the pleasure running through him like lightning, heady and fast, almost too much.
His head tipped back against Steve’s shoulder, and he didn’t bother trying to stop the high whines from spilling out each time he was pushed up a little with Steve’s thrusts.
Tony was so content at the moment that it made him want to cry.
of the shield being propped up on the floor against the wall. The brunet hardly had time to wipe his tears completely before he was greeted with the sight of Steve in the doorway, hair disheveled from tugging his helmet off, still in uniform, and…and a massive bouquet of roses in his hand.
He was spread wide open, stretched to his limit. His hole was hot and sloppy and wet with so much lube he felt it could’ve filled a bottle. He felt laid bare, put on display, open and slutty and like a plaything, though there was no one here but him and Steve, Steve inside him, big and hard and pushing up against his prostate, but there was something else too. Stuffed in his hole beside the soldier’s cock was a dildo, almost the same size, spreading him wide. They were
His fingers glanced the harness on her hips, and a shudder of anticipation went through him, had his cock leaking a little. Fuck, did he want it. He wanted the strap so bad.
Steve smiled down at him, shook his head a little, though it made his heart soar to hear it. “Tell me that in the morning,” he replied softly.
For the moment, Tony could be content with his apology, with this first step, because it was best for Peter, who had drifted for a moment or two during all of this, but was now becoming alert again, and looking at the newcomer, his father, with wide eyes.
So much for keeping it under control.
Steve didn’t stop his ministrations to give him a verbal response. He simply wrapped his arms around Tony’s thighs, pulled him down the bed a little, let his legs drape over his shoulders. He pulled off of Tony’s cock, let his saliva slide down the shaft, before taking him back in. He let his teeth just slightly graze the brunet’s flesh, and Tony’s hips bucked up then, arousal shooting up his veins.
“You want some?”
…!” Tony gasped, squirming beneath him, fighting to take more, to turn that teasing into something more substantial, something to quench the fire in his core. Steve had him pinned down hard though, would probably leave bruises, and he was looming over him, so Tony could hardly even hump the bed properly, couldn’t get enough pressure on his aching cock to finish himself off.
“Put—put your arm around me,” Tony ordered, kind of breathless, but determined.
It was a direct contrast from the last photo he’d received, a few months ago, where Tony’s chest was littered with bruises, the skin yellow and purple, his pain palpable. Now, his body had changed, a lot. One of Tony’s hands was curled around his belly, large and round. The other of course was holding the phone up. Seeing the photo, seeing him like that, really made it all a reality for Steve. Thus far it had been difficult to imagine Tony like that, even when they talked about having kids in the past. But the evidence was very clearly there now, and it made Steve’s heart flutter in a way it hadn’t in so long.
Tony still worried that it was too good to be true, honestly. He was still scared of fucking it up, or something
“Whatever you want,” Steve replied, his eyes half lidded, filled with adoration.
belonged to
“Rude!” Tony replied at the, admittedly well earned, title of ‘brat,’ and he pressed his cheek to Steve’s chest. He played with Steve’s hand, intertwined their fingers, fighting to keep the grin off of his face at the memory of it all.
“Roger that, Cap,” he replied, tried to keep his voice light, but it didn’t work. He was well aware of the waver in his voice, how pitiful he sounded, and how pitiful he probably looked. He hated being pitied.
I do want to say that I'm not going to argue ethics or morality in regards to this fic. A. It's the 90s (technically 1989), things are a little different than they are now, and B. life is messy and people aren't always perfect, and sometimes emotion clouds judgment, and C. They're still going to feel the same way in the morning.
“It’s you and me, then,” the blond said.
Tony would admit to seducing Steve, if asked. He touched him whenever possible, saved his best smiles for Steve, made sure he looked extra nice when the blond came around. He would eat his popsicles in the warm summer months
The brunet turned to look down at him too, shifted him a little in his arms. To his mate’s surprise, he rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, leaned a little further into his grasp.
Tony’s eyes fluttered the moment Steve’s hand was on him. Just his touch was enough to flip the switch, for him to feel that much more gone, to make his head swim with pleasure.
Steve loved him. He loved him so much.
“You can do it, Tones. I know you can. You’re so close already, I know it,” he said insistently.
“Fuck yes,” he sighed when Steve pushed forward a little, involuntarily. “Love you, so much.”
Her own heart was beating fast, muscles tense and feeling a little breathless from the exertion, but it was worth it when Steve finally came, when his back arched off the bed, revealing the gorgeous column of his throat, and he let out a strangled grunt that evolved into a soft whine.
Steve nodded in agreement. “Take him? I’ll grab some blankets.”
natural, the cadence of his voice casual and too familiar. Looking at Ultron was like looking into a twisted mirror, and the thought made Tony’s entire body tense, made his lungs seize momentarily. He let out a sudden harsh breath.
He hadn’t known Tony was even following him, let alone that the sudden pressure at his back that almost made him drop his phone belonged to a handsome, caring and charismatic guy, who he’d fall for body and soul in a matter of weeks.
“I’m yours,” he replied. “I want to be yours. There’s nothing I want more,” he said, and he brought Tony’s hand to his lips, kissed his knuckles.
, that he could be happy with
of the things Tony talked him into doing. It was a challenge this time, really, because Tony knew he liked challenges, and Tony liked to push his buttons, and to push his luck. So maybe Steve shouldn’t have been surprised that he agreed, because he usually did. What could he say? Tony simply had a way with words.
His chest ached. It ached like the day he’d come home, after Siberia. It ached like he’d been struck all over again, like Steve was still straddling him, pinning him to the ground and smashing every bit of him into pieces. Hell, had he ever stopped? Tony wasn’t sure.
The world seemed to melt away entirely. Just one single word cut through the pain in Steve’s neck, the fear and tension and anger he’d been suffering through this week, though it couldn’t cut away the shame, the guilt, and the ache of regret.
Enjoy!
“Where’s the party?” Steve asked again, and this time, Tony told him.
Tony gave his hand a squeeze, took in the exhaustion on his face. “You definitely lost sleep. How are you more tired than I am, Mr. Super Soldier?” he teased, smiling softly.
fool Tony. Maybe Steve didn’t want to hurt him, even though he didn’t want him anymore. Maybe he felt trapped in their relationship, didn’t want to end it because it would put their friendship in jeopardy, would interfere with their work as Avengers if Tony reacted badly, if he had his heart broken. Maybe he, and the others, just tolerated Tony because he had to, because there weren’t any other options. Maybe it was propriety, desperation, that made them keep treating him nicely, that made them pat him on the back after a good mission or give him a smile whenever he made something new to make their jobs easier. Maybe they were thinking horrible things about him,
Tony took in his surroundings, made sure no one was looking, and leaned up, let his tongue peek out of his plush lips just far enough to swipe over the strong pulse of Steve’s neck, in the way he knew Steve loved.
“I…I was at this party, and these assholes, they…they kissed me, they tried to—they tried to touch me,” he managed to say after a second. “I didn’t want them, Steve. I-I ran away.”
“You’ve got Tony’s private number memorized, right?” Natasha asked Steve.
Steve set him down gently, framed his hips with his big hands. Tony rubbed his arm, tried to coax more words out of him.
“It’s not dramatic. Honestly I’m surprised you didn’t throw your plate at me when I walked in the door. I would’ve deserved it.”
Steve smiled a little. He gathered the scientist into his arms, leaned low over him on the bed. Tony’s breath was heavy in his ears, and his eyes were lidded, face flushed, blissed out, but he had the coherency to wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders, and the blond fucked him properly then, a handful of thrusts that were the right side of overwhelming, quick and sharp but not hard, until the heat building in his groin tipped over the edge, and then Steve was pumping cum in his fucked-out hole.
Why was it so hard to please his father? Why couldn’t Howard be like other fathers, kind and caring and patient? Not once that Tony could remember had his father swept him up, held him close and read him a bedtime story, tucked him into bed. The closest he came was letting Tony sit beside his armchair while he smoked and told stories about Captain America, about how he was going to find him one day. He never let Tony get close really, treated him more like an employee than his own son, and his critiques were hard, biting, and constant, even when the brunet was little.
, had come, snuck up on him just like their very first meeting had, had turned his entire world upside down. The moment was here. The moment was here and there was no running from it.
When Tony wasn’t being productive, in any fashion, it pissed him off, made him feel like a failure, and Steve knew it. Tony had said so much before, and the blond had argued that there was nothing wrong with taking time for himself, that he
program. You’re the sole developer.”
Tony sighed softly.
Tony’s fingers were tight around the flip phone, his heart pounding in his chest.
The brunet shook his head, reached up and turned Steve’s head to look at him. “You can’t do anything about it,” he insisted. “I’ve told you before—you need to stay on his good side. If he finds out about us, and you’ve already taken my side over his, who knows what he’ll do. He’ll cut me off for sure, but he might just cut you off too.”
he thought suddenly, and maybe it was dramatic, but it was the truth.
“Well, you were always the stupid one,” Bucky sighed, when Steve ran out of words, standing outside of the throne room. Sam and Natasha walked through the massive double doors to relay the situation to T’challa.
“Ugh, don’t remind me.”
“I love you too,” Steve said without hesitation. “Both of you. So much.”
. He thought he’d heard that name before, but couldn’t match it with a sound. He waited patiently as Tony worked with the record player.
“That’s what makes it so annoying,” Tony growled out. “He didn’t
, his head empty. Damn did Tony love that feeling.
, no matter how long it is, trying to make it up to you.”
His body may have been an asshole, but he’d been lucky in this aspect; lucky to have Steve Rogers as his boyfriend, as his partner, in all things. Steve gave him the strength he needed to overcome his challenges, reminded him that he
find all of you. I can’t emphasize enough how scary this is, Steve! I’ve been changing my security protocols almost daily at this point. I’m terrified to even
[Nice try. I don’t wanna play the flirting game. That’s what chat rooms are for.]
A few minutes later and the small crowd receded, and Steve pulled the scientist by the hand to the back door, so they could proceed with their plans. The backside of the building was even more idyllic than Tony anticipated. The source of the water was finally identified; there was a large mill attached to the building, its spokes digging into the water, and a bit further down the path he could see a waterfall. He didn’t know much about the cider making process, but assumed it was quite a hassle from that sight alone. He could appreciate the environment though, and so did Steve. He thought it’d be nice to sketch a place like this sometime.
Tony let out a long, content sigh, and reached down for the hands still bracing his thighs. He tugged on them, and the soldier followed, and laid at Tony’s side, took in his flushed face, the dreamy, relaxed look in his eyes that he always got after sex.
Tony set the bags on the counter and heaved a sigh. He stretched his back, winced at the aching muscles. Looking at the ten full grocery bags he’d hauled in from the car, he thought maybe he should have just bit the bullet and made two trips, but he was stubborn like that, wanted to just get it all done in one trip. He’d be paying for it later if the twinge in his spine was any indication.
“Alrighty, Pete, wave to the camera!” Steve said, a hand bracing his son’s back, the other pointing a little distance up the beach to where Tony was standing.
Steve always felt so much bigger in this position, and although they’d been this way a thousand times, it still managed to make Tony flustered deep down, and it got his mouth running again.
One day he’d tell Peter about it all, when he was older. He’d tell his son about his greatest shame, the hard choices he’d made and the consequences he’d paid for them. He’d make sure Peter would never make the same mistakes as him, that he knew the importance of family.
of him, ended up bloodied and bruised and terrified.
him, kept going like it didn’t even matter that Tony was going to come apart at the seams in seconds, like Tony was just his to use, just a warm hole, and that? Well, that was
“Yeah,” Tony said. “Just—just a little more, I can take it.”
Tony hummed a little in response. Now that he was with Steve, his body had settled down a little, or maybe was simply out of adrenaline. He felt kind of drowsy. He was still sad, still miserable, and his stomach was doing flips, but at least he was with someone he trusted, someone he loved.
He did his best to stay casual about it, but he couldn’t help but flirt with Steve sometimes, and try to gauge his reaction. Steve never seemed to mind, would usually laugh it off or flush beautifully pink, and sometimes he’d shoot back a wisecrack, and sometimes a tired reprimand if it was over the comms during a fight or something, but he never said
“’Don’t move,’ he says. How am I supposed to stay still with you waving your dick around my face? I want it,” Tony replied, the end of his phrase turning into a whine.
“The one debate I refuse to lose,” Steve agreed as they made their way to the bedroom.
“Oh, shit, Steve,” the brunet groaned softly, and he shifted his hips a little, arched his body against the blond’s.
Steve let out a breath, couldn’t help but shift a few inches, a hand bunched around the blanket beneath him.
They’d gotten a little wild already tonight, kissed for what felt like hours, running their hands along each other’s bodies, her moaning into his mouth and him wrapping her legs around his waist, pressing her into the bed, before they finally started getting to prep, shifted the focus on him. Hell, if Natasha didn’t wear waterproof makeup, her lipstick would be
“You that eager for it?” Steve replied. “Need my big knot fucking you, spreading you open?”
“You’re a good boy, Tony. You know that, right?” he asked, voice low and silky, but genuine.
Tony looked into Steve’s eyes. There was an intensity in them, almost indescribable, and it made something in his chest which he’d fought hard to keep under wraps since Steve picked him up on the street unlock. It made the dam break, made the cup overflow, and he found himself crying again, confusion and tenderness and revulsion all wrapping up into one. He didn’t have any sobs left, but he had a few tears, which slid down his cheeks slowly, pooled in his lashes.
It had been kind of a long drive to get here, but the weather was good and there wasn’t any urgent business to attend to, so they could take the time, explore the state they called home. Tony, and Steve at this point, had been around the world, had seen and experienced a lot of different things, but New York had a certain charm about it, one that people grew to love. Tony still thought he preferred the West Coast sometimes, but he didn’t foresee himself moving back to Malibu, or to California in general. He was content where they lived now, and would be content at the new facility, when it was finally finished being built.
daddy—“
already freaking out. Imagine what it’ll do to Tony when he hears about this.”
“That’s a lesson we’re starting to learn,” Natasha said, face grim.
He felt safe, and—and loved, and he was starting to wonder why he’d kept himself from saying anything all this time, why he didn’t want to throw caution to the wind, to just reach out and ask for what he really wanted.
“So what then?” Sam prodded with an angry huff.
“Oh, shit,” Tony gasped, voice wavering. He dropped his head forward.
“Fuck, that’s it…”
Steve nodded against his shoulder. “I do. More than anything.”
He shook his head at himself in disappointment, held Steve’s hand a little tighter, and scooted over on the couch, tucked himself against the blond’s shoulder.
“This one’s a little after your time,” Tony joked, volume low. “But she loved it. I’m pretty fond of it too.”
He heaved a few breaths, his lungs feeling far too shallow, and tried again. He was afraid if he stopped entirely that it would never end, that he’d never survive this, that he’d never greet his baby.
The brunet didn’t like the sound of that. “You haven’t been followed though?”
“Fine,” Steve replied with a dramatic sigh. He couldn’t stop himself from smiling though, turned his head to kiss the hand laying on his left shoulder. “No more playing around,” he agreed. “You wanna get knotted? I’ll knot you so good you’ll forget your name,” he purred.
It didn’t take long for them to towel off and gather their things. It was about a ten minute walk to the back of the house, with Steve carrying their toddler and Tony carrying their beach bags and umbrella, and by the time they got to the garden, Peter’s eyes had closed, and his mouth was agape, breathing calmly.
The brunet shuddered at the sensation. He felt utterly destroyed, knew that he’d be aching for a few hours, but god was it worth it.
It hadn’t taken long to figure out that Tony was self-conscious about his rambling. Tony simply had a mind that ran a mile a minute, and he could control it most of the time, but whenever his guard was down, whenever he got a little excited in one way or another, that speed had a direct line running to his mouth.
“Be quiet and dig in,” he ordered, and scooped himself a forkful of pasta before he could become too self critical.
Tony’s skin felt burning hot, his pulse elevated, the pool of lust in his belly sweeping through him, making his breath come out in little gasps. He was close, could feel it, couldn’t stop the whine from spilling out of his throat when the tension finally snapped.
Plus, Steve, admittedly, definitely wanted to look at him some more. The whole event was out of the ordinary, especially considering he’d walked this path tons of times before. He was curious to see where it would lead him.
“T-Tony…”
Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed!
“Honk Honk,” he muttered, and lifted his hand to brush back Steve’s bangs lovingly. The soldier’s eyes were already closed, but he chased the touch, lifted his head a little to follow it, and that made Tony happy. “Go back to sleep,” he ordered.
He felt kind of like a love-struck teen all over again, his heart aching a little,
“Been working on them a while,” Tony joked. “They get a lot of mileage. Good for getting me things I want.”
“You won’t be waiting too long,” Natasha interrupted, stepping out of the throne room. She gestured to a little key card in her hands. “We’ve got a ship.”
“I wanted you to be comfortable,” Steve replied, shrugging a little. He found himself leaning in a little closer. It was instinct, really. “Really, it wasn’t a bother.”
Steve, as always, remained the best blessing. The fact that he was spending his day laying here keeping Tony company when he could be doing literally anything else meant a lot. It’d been over a month since Tony’s last migraine, since he needed company like this, but he still felt like a nuisance. Steve obviously didn’t think so though.
I hope you enjoyed this! Leave a comment with your thoughts!!
As the minutes went on, Steve got a little more vocal, couldn’t help it. He was so warm, and every slide, every lick and touch sent waves of pleasure creeping up his body. The sensation was damn good, as it always was when Tony used his mouth, because he was way too good at it, years of experience leading him on, as well as the acute knowledge of Steve’s body, the way it ticked. He knew exactly what left the blond shuddering and gasping, what drove him to action, and what left him a pliable mess.
Steve sighed a little, frowned softly. “At least one of those things should give you an idea of why I kept my feelings to myself, if not all of them.”
He never really thought he’d be a family man, but now he couldn’t imagine his life any other way. He’d gladly take the irritation of sleepless nights or the frustration of a screaming child over a wild, angry crowd or battalion of bad guys. He
, and knowing now how much he really meant to the soldier, would do everything in his power to keep him happy. They’d only known each other a short time, all things considered, but there was a marked difference in Tony’s life before and after he met Steve, and the same could be said for Steve.
Tony made sure to imprint the sight to memory when he invited Steve in his lab, had him try on the finished suit for the first time. Steve seemed thoroughly impressed, and a little happy actually, and he stretched side to side, mimicked the motion of throwing his shield, tested the range of the fabric. Tony went through the specifics of the suit, the materials he used, the washability, and breathability, the extra padding, the mic built into the wristwrap of the left glove, the earpiece attached to the helmet.
“Ugh, don’t mention him,” Steve said, and his face scrunched up in disgust.
Thank you for reading! Please leave your thoughts in the comments!
. Steve’s promises were sincere, they always were, but that didn’t stop things from getting in the way of them. That didn’t stop him from breaking Tony’s heart and leaving in the first place.
Tony laughed a little. “Yeah?’ he replied. “There’s nothing to do but wait for it to come back on, and I need distraction from my crippling internet addiction. It’s your civic duty, really, as my boyfriend, to put your hands all over me here in the dark.”
Steve was quiet for a moment. He didn’t know exactly what to say, and he was still half-asleep, honestly. At the end of the day he was a soldier, and could make himself sleep pretty much anywhere during a mission. It was at home, when there was nothing going on, that he struggled to get his body to cooperate, that his thoughts ran wild or his sleep sometimes ended up troubled.
The irony of that wasn’t lost on him. All the time they were together, it was always him trying to convince Tony to trust, to have faith in what they had. Now, he had to believe that Tony wouldn’t keep pushing him away.
He didn’t have time to dwell on any of it, to make sense of it before he lost consciousness.
The Alpha sighed. “If it weren’t for Tony’s health, I’d join the search myself. But at this point, I can’t leave his side.”
“It isn’t, but you can believe that if you want,” Steve replied, pulling Tony more firmly against him. His second hand joined the other on the brunet’s back. “Besides, I think I’ve got a solution.”
Steve smiled, gazed down at him fondly. “My brat,” he agreed.
Steve brushed a hand over his pink lips, plush and swollen, and scooped up the cum splattered on his face, brought it to Tony’s lips.
Steve snorted, but pressed a kiss to his cheek. “Well, I’m nothing if not a model citizen,” he muttered, easily won over.
“As far as they know, we haven’t split up. Maybe she’ll be able to stay under the radar,” Sam assured her. No one felt quite assured though.
Steve was feeling a little nervous.
“If they came, if the party got shut down, everyone would hate me, and they’d start talking, and word would get around, and my dad’d hear about it. Fuck no, I…I couldn’t call,” Tony explained, looking down at the ground, and it was true.
getting him that way.
. Thank god, somebody cared.
feeling. Did he suffer the same way? Was it worse for him, or different? How did he cope with it? He still couldn’t believe that Tony had been carrying all this time, on top of dealing with Bond Sickness. Steve couldn’t imagine what it was like. It didn’t surprise him that Tony was still angry, still distant. Steve had let him down so spectacularly, and he still doubted he would have the chance to properly fix it.
“That’s fifteen,” Steve said, voice low as Tony took in harsh breaths. He ran his hands down the brunet’s ass, massaged his round cheeks. He knew if he pulled Tony’s pants down they’d be red now, and the thought filled him with satisfaction.
“Who’s saying it’s too much for me?” Steve replied, leaning over a little to check the still life. He needed to make sure the color he was mixing was just right.
Tony’s head tipped back, and his brows knit at the sensation of it all. He could feel every inch sliding in, filling him, and couldn’t help but let out a strained moan when Steve bottomed out. God, it felt good, so hot and huge inside him, filling him up like nothing else could. He was already a little sensitive he found, after how thoroughly Steve ate him out, and the two orgasms it got out of him, but sensitive in a good way, in a way that left him eager for more. He knew this was about to be
Fuck he was so
First fic after a major blow to my self confidence. Hopefully this will set me on the right track. Also, this was one of the kinks people said they wanted to see from me so here we are :) Hope you enjoy it! Shorter than the other chapters in this story so far, but hey, they can't all be super long hehe
. With each passing day of their journey, dodging surveillance cameras and stealing food, and transportation, keeping out of cities and towns as much as possible, the panic only seemed to increase in Steve, to consume him. He was constantly on edge, barely spoke, and when he did, it was in pinched, harsh tones, barking out orders, because everything about the situation was unpleasant. Everything.
“That depends on how many apples you help me pick,” Steve said, squeezing his hand.
had the upper hand now, like he always did in bed, and he made good use of it. He ran a hand down Tony’s throat, took in the bulge of his cock visible through it,
Maybe he was kind of a coward, or a failure, really, for thinking of giving up. He’d chosen this path, after all. He made his bed, and he had to lie in it. But the selfish, the
He started slow, measured in his pace, pressing against Tony’s prostate on each slide in. God, he was so wet, and warm and tight, and the low squelch of slick in their ears only turned Steve on more. When Tony let out a little whimper, and the fingers wrapped around his shoulders dug into them, the Alpha lost some of his composure.
The blond managed a smile then, exhaled softly. “I’ll write to you,” he promised. “Now that I’m not a wanted man, I think it’ll be okay to keep you updated.”
Tony hummed a little, closed his eyes. “Only if you love me back,” he replied, words drawn out. He let out a yawn, and his hand slid to his lap, fingers curling around the edge of his blanket. His exhaustion was clearly catching up with him.
The fact that she didn’t speak wasn’t a positive indicator.
The soldier had been asleep when the phone rang at around 2:30, but the device was close enough to the bed that he’d heard it go off, had been ripped out of sleep by it.
“But you know, I’d be happier if you just admitted this is getting to be too much for you to handle,” Tony said suggestively, flipping his book to a new page.
That wasn’t exactly out of the ordinary for him, looking back at all that he’d been through over the years, but that never made it any easier to bear.
Neither could say anything for at least a minute. They laid there, breathing heavily, heads reeling from the intensity of it all. It’d been a while since they went that hard, and it had clearly affected them both. Steve couldn’t believe what Tony had done to him, how he’d driven him wild once again, and Tony, as every time, was simply astounded at the way Steve could make him feel. It was a lot to process.
Steve asked if he was satisfied. Did he even have to ask? Tony was
Tony had been the scapegoat more than once in his life, more than once on the
“Just give it time,” he managed to reply to Wanda. They had
“Oh, these?” Tony replied, and batted his lashes comically. He grinned, rested his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
Tony regarded him for a moment, the concern on his face, and it made his heart flutter anxiously.
The streets were flooded by raindrops, which was less than ideal, and everyone’s shoes were wet, but luckily Steve had a big umbrella, and the advantage of height, so he didn’t run into too much trouble.
He’d be testing his own limits here too, really. Tony was so gorgeous, and his touch, the sounds he made when they fucked were too much to handle on occasion. Tony’s presence set Steve’s skin alight like nothing had since waking up from the ice, and he was sure nothing else would ever come close. The pleasure of fucking into him, splitting him wide around his cock… and Tony was never passive about it either, always tried to take him deeper, harder, and that tight heat would clench around Steve just right, and hell, sometimes Steve wondered how he didn’t lose his mind.
He wouldn’t let his fear get the better of him now. He drove away his dark memories, the fear and the trepidation and anger. There would be plenty of time to be angry later, plenty of time to speak his mind. There would be plenty of work to do, and Steve was willing to do it, had gotten on his knees and begged for the opportunity. Tony wasn’t sure what else he could ask right now.
Steve couldn’t say no to that. “Yeah. If you let me return the favor, of course.”
He attempted to put his wings away. The mechanism shuddered, groaned unpleasantly as he did, but eventually, the wings retreated into their housing on his back.
“There’s no way,” Tony replied, shaking his head. He crossed his arms. “They destroyed the homing beacons in their suits first thing. There’s no easy way to track them. I’m tempted to send drones out, but if they get ID’d then the whole shebang is over in an instant, and we’ll be dealing with a hell of a court case.
