“Yeah. The nurse gave me the all clear a few hours ago, but I was talking to Bucky and Natasha. Did they stop by?”
“No, it isn’t.” He sighed and rested the back of his head against his headboard. “The first time was before I knew that you were coming back. It had been about a week since the Snap and no one knew where you were except for that you had gone to space. Everyone assumed that you didn’t make it.”
For a moment, Steve was certain that he hadn’t heard him correctly. This couldn’t be Tony Stark. There was just no way. Surely Steve would’ve recognized him right away. Tony himself wasn’t that famous, but his father was. And because of that, Tony himself was a bit famous. At least for those who followed legal cases and such.
Steve wanted to ask, but he figured that it was better if he didn’t. Tony was here; that was all that mattered.
Tony rolled his eyes and took another step into his room. “There’s no need to apologize. If I was annoyed, I wouldn’t be here right now. You know that.”
“Come on, that was a mistake…I had just been out of the ice for a short amount of time, I wasn’t used to cooking again.”
Steve was just packing up his messenger bag when his phone buzzed. He pulled it out of his jean pocket and glanced at the screen.
Rhodey entered the room and nodded towards Steve. He shook Steve’s hand before sitting down on the opposite couch, next to Natasha. Steve’s eyebrows furrowed when Tony didn’t enter the room after Rhodey.
After that little incident, if it could even be called that, Steve made sure that he was more mindful of his actions. He sat across the table from Tony and focused on the conversation, not on what happened earlier. Not on how he almost caused something disastrous to happen. He took a sip of his water and watched Tony as he described how Morgan did her first cartwheel the other day, seemingly oblivious to what had transpired earlier. He seemed so happy, so at ease, in a way that he hadn’t seen before. He had been happy before he got married, sure…but now he seemed truly happy. Something that he had always wanted for Tony. His lips pressed into a thin line. No, he definitely could not let what happened earlier happen again. He was Tony’s friend; he’d act like it. Even if it made his heart break to do so.
Steve thought about his plans for tomorrow; as of now, he didn’t think that he had any plans. Even if he went to the site in the morning, he’d be back by that time.
Steve felt his cheeks get warm. He glanced down at his menu again, holding it up a bit so it covered most of his face. He felt Tony’s gaze on him, but he tried to ignore it. He perused the menu, trying to find something decent to eat. He found something that looked good within about a minute or two, but he kept his head buried in the menu until the waitress came back. Anything to keep himself from making a fool of himself in front of Tony.
“So…mind telling me why we’re at an art gallery?” Tony asked, glancing around the room. “Not that I’m against people expressing themselves through lines and color.”
Steve glanced at his laptop, scrolling through the presentation one more time. It really did look good.
The feeling of Tony’s lips on his own made the harsh lines of Steve’s face soften. He shifted forward, closing the distance between him and Tony so their chests were touching. Tony’s mouth twitched against his own; his hand cupped Steve’s cheek, his gently caressed Steve’s cheekbone. Steve let out a small sound of approval. His hand slid around the back of Tony’s neck and so his fingers threaded through Tony’s hair.
Steve knew that he would regret sending Tony one of his drawings, but it was nice to see someone so interested in him. Not Captain America, but
Steve opened his mouth but then closed it. He pursed his lips and sat down next to the brunette, leaving a few feet between them.
“I can see that.” He turned sideways and gestured for Bucky to come in. “I am glad to see you.” He shut the door behind Bucky, who was making his way to the kitchen.
Tony had tried to talk to Steve, but Steve would try to bury himself in his phone or pretend that he was busy doing homework to avoid talking to him. Anything to get Tony to stop talking to him. But no matter what he did, the man still seemed to be interested in him.
“Pepper and Tony are a great couple. Besides, Tony’s not the type of person to marry someone that he isn’t completely in love with.”
He let go of the shovel, which fell to the ground. People cheered and clapped. Tony took a bow, a grin plastered across his face.
“And is supposed to be with me instead?” He laughed; this whole conversation seemed ridiculous. They were talking about something that most likely wasn’t going to happen. “You don’t need to try to give me hope, Buck.”
Steve smirked; he was glad that his “Captain America” gaze still had some weight behind it even months after he was last donned the suit. He moved towards Tony, who was still the target of many questions. The crowd seemed to quiet when Steve stood closer to him. Probably because they didn’t want to be on the other side of his stare. They reached the doors of the gallery; the two guards who stood on either side of the entrance opened them for Steve and Tony. The brunette walked in, but stopped when he realized that Steve wasn’t following him.
Ah, right. Tony picked up the portrait and tucked it under his arm. He pivoted in Steve’s direction.
“Great. I’ll send you the details later.” He winked at him. “I’ll see you later.” Tony padded away from him, leaving Steve standing there, staring at his back, completely bewildered by what just happened.
Tony opened his mouth to say something else, but Happy walked into the hall. He glanced at the two of them.
“I know that my behavior has been odd ever since the battle. And I know that I already apologized for my behavior from that night…but I don’t think that’s good enough.”
Steve put his hand out; Tony stared at it for a moment before shaking it. He turned on his heel and gestured for Steve to follow him to the trunk. He popped it open and took something that Steve had thought that he would never see again: his shield. A lump formed in his throat.
Silence fell over them again. Steve clasped his hands together in his lap. He twirled his thumbs while he waited for Tony to say something.
Steve knew that it was common for people to exchange numbers, but it still felt so…foreign to him. Bucky had been the only one at this school who ever wanted to talk to him. Now, suddenly…Tony did too? Smiling softly, he turned back around and headed home.
Did they not pay attention to anything that he had just said? He spent the last fifteen minutes going over his predicament.
Steve’s eyebrows knitted together. No, no, that wasn’t his point. He wasn’t blaming Tony for not calling him. He understood why he didn’t.
After several minutes of searching, he finally found something presentable. And just in time, too. A few minutes later, the doorbell sounded. Swearing, Steve shut his closet door and rushed into the living room.
“Yes, you do. You used that voice when the Avengers were fighting over which movie to go see at the movie theater”
Which he didn’t really understand. They were all pursuing law so the readings that they had to do should interest them.
Steve stared at him. He wanted to say something, but his mouth refused to work. All he could think about was the Tony Stark had kissed him. Tony Stark. Had. Kissed. Him.
Tony waved a hand. “I don’t mind.” He winked at Steve before opening the door and stepping out of the car. Steve got out behind Tony and quickly fell into step with Tony. He was
Twenty minutes later, Steve wondered if he had made a mistake by coming here. He still hadn’t seen Tony and when he looked to see if there was anyone else he knew, he couldn’t find anyone. He had thought that Natasha and Rhodey were going to be here, but perhaps he had been wrong. Steve pivoted in his chair and looked around the room; more seemed to be taking their seats, but a lot of people were still standing in the middle of the room and along the sides. Still, no Tony in sight. Sighing, Steve turned back to the bar. Perhaps he should just go home and tell Tony that he had come but he couldn’t find him to congratulate him. Yeah, that would be a good idea. When Steve tried to get up though, his body wouldn’t move. He
“I can’t wait that long, Steve. I need to get this off of him now. You know that he can’t use it again.”
Steve turned towards the bar again and leaned over his drink. He fished his phone out of his pockets; no new messages. Steve stared at the screen; maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it meant that Tony was at the event. At least he hoped that he was. He downed the rest of his drink and ordered another one.
Nodding, Steve left the lab and went to his bedroom. His lips spread into a smile; he couldn’t wait to discuss the book with him, especially since he didn’t think Tony would want to talk about it today. He tidied up his bedroom a bit, wanting it to look nice for him. He doubted that Tony would care, but he did. By the time he was finished, Tony appeared in his doorway, book in hand.
He planned on trying to draw quickly though so Tony wouldn’t get bored or find that the situation was too awkward since Steve wouldn’t be talking. He had tried to make conversation while drawing before, but it hadn’t turned out well. Steve had told Bucky that he didn’t need to keep it, but Bucky had kept it. He had said that it would be rude to throw it out, especially since Steve had spent so long working on it.
“Okay – do you want me to come over your place again? Or do you want to come to mine?” Even though there was nothing wrong with asking that, Steve’s cheeks turned a light pink. He glanced at the chalkboard.
Steve turned around and smiled sheepishly at him. “Sorry – got lost in my thoughts.” He moved back to the kitchen island. “So…what am I supposed to do now? He’s married, Buck. He has a kid. I won’t do anything to disrupt that.” It pained him to say that, but he definitely wasn’t going to break that family apart. Tony was happy – that’s what mattered most to him.
“Tony…I didn’t tell you that because I wanted this to happen. This was the last thing that I wanted to happen."
To keep busy, Steve stuck with his daily routine: work out, draw, and go to the facility. These activities weren't the most exciting things to do, but they distracted him from anxiously waiting for Tony to contact him. He also tried to meet with Bucky and Natasha when he could. Since they had officially settled into their apartment, they had more free time. During one of the times that he visited them, he asked them if they wanted to rejoin the Avengers. They said that they wouldn’t mind officially retiring, but they weren’t sure yet. Steve wasn’t sure what he wanted to do about the Avengers yet - if he wanted to rejoin them or not. On one hand, he missed going on missions, but on the other, he had been enjoying the last couple of months. He enjoyed focusing on the things that he wanted to focus on, like art. Also, if not being on the Avengers would make having a relationship easier - whether that be with Tony or someone else.
“It’s…” Tony paused, as if considering his next words. Steve braced himself; he hated it. He knew that he hated it. He was just trying to find the right words to let Steve down. “…great, Steve. Exactly what I wanted.”
That was the past, though. He couldn’t change anything about what had happened between them now. He got up and walked over to Tony’s side of the table. He wiped the tears that were making their way down his face and sat down in a chair next to Tony.
Also, fun fact: In a draft of this chapter, Steve put a headband in his hair to keep it out of his eyes before he drew Tony.
Steve didn’t look at him. “It was just a nightmare. It’s not a big deal. I’ve had plenty of them in the past.”
“Really? Then why did you tell me? Hm? What were you hoping was going to happen?” His tone was harsh, grating.
Tony’s expression softened a bit and he moved closer to Steve so they were only about a few feet away from each other.
After the fourth art class, Steve knew that he had made the right decision. The people seemed standoffish at first, but once they all started sharing their drawings with each other, everyone seemed to open up. Even Steve seemed to open up; he talked about what inspired his drawings and about being part of the Avengers. He hadn’t planned on talking about the Avengers, but…well, it just seemed to happen. His classmates would listen to him, too, which surprised him. He wasn’t sure if they were just listening because they wanted to know the scoop about the Avengers, or because they were genuinely interested. Maybe it was a bit of both.
“I was happy to help.” Steve hugged her gently before releasing her. He stood up and took a step towards Tony so he was standing right next to the bed. “I’m glad that you’re okay, Tony.” He squeezed his shoulder – the one that wasn’t injured.
Tony stared at Steve for a few moments, as if he was trying to figure something out about him. Steve’s gaze flicked away from him, settling back on the table. He was worried that if Tony saw his gaze, he would be able to read his thoughts.
“Did you want to call me?” Steve’s heart thundered in his chest. Tony had actually kept the phone with him. Carried it around with him. He couldn’t believe it. He thought that he’d throw it into a drawer or something. He took a sip of his tea and tried to focus on the way it tasted and not what Tony’s answer would be.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up. “Did you know that those are complementary colors?” The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them.
Natasha began talking about some article that she had read for one of her classes. Apparently she was a first year, too. They all were. Steve listened intently, enjoying hearing each of their views. Steve even participated a bit. It felt nice to participate. Steve was so used to just listening. At one point though, the conversation shifted, and Steve found himself listening more than he was talking. But, he didn’t find it as a bad thing. He enjoyed listening to them talk, especially Tony. The guy had a way of speaking that was just…nice. Steve couldn’t really explain it, but he liked the way he spoke.
“Will do,” Steve mumbled, even though Tony had already left. He glanced around the room, noticing how there weren’t a lot of pictures of Tony with his family on the walls. Huh. That was...interesting. That’s none of your business, Steve chastised himself. He forced his gaze back to his lap and took out a notebook. While he waited, he doodled on the side of a page.
He looked at his phone, waiting for those little bubbles that showed someone was typing to appear. They didn’t. When five minutes passed, Steve sighed and pocketed his phone. He picked up his sketchbook again and turned to a new page. His pencil slid across the page, going this way and that. Steve stuck out his tongue a bit as he shaded in part of his drawing. Well, he supposed it was more of a doodle than anything – he was just drawing what was in the room that he was sitting in.
The waitress arrived at their table, a glass of water in each hand. She placed one in front of each of them. She introduced herself and asked them if they were ready to order. Steve shook his head; Tony put an order of garlic bread in that they could split and told her that they’d need a few more minutes before they ordered their meal. She nodded and padded away from their table.
They turned down a smaller street that was lined by trees. In the middle of the street, a building with large windows loomed. A red carpet led to the front door. On both sides of the doors, people with cameras stood. Steve sighed when he saw them. He had hoped that there wouldn’t be any paparazzi here. He glanced at Tony, who was still facing Steve; he raised an eyebrow at him, as if waiting for him to answer his question.
Tony’s gaze roamed over Steve’s face, as if trying to figure out if he was lying to him. He sighed and stood up. He walked over to Steve, making Steve pause. Tony smiled softly up at him.
“I just have to go.” Steve took out a few dollars and placed them on the table. He went to stand up, but Tony grabbed his arm.
Steve stared at him for a few moments, searching his face. When he saw no trace of amusement in Tony's face, his shoulders slumped and he let out a sigh.
Tony’s warm brown eyes settled upon his face. His head tilted to the side. How could Steve say no to that?
“I remember…,” Tony said; his voice wavered a bit, as if he was unsure of where Steve was going with this.
Bucky finished off his beer. “I’m not trying to make you feel better. All I’m saying is that…let Tony figure out what he wants.”
“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about, actually…I was wondering if I could help rebuild the Avengers facility.”
“I know it did,” Steve said, voice soft. “I didn’t mean for that to happen the way it did…I didn’t mean to make any of this happen.”
“I was going to get the sausage and pineapple pizza.” Steve made a face. “Really? That combination is that bad?”
Steve nodded. “I had no idea who I wanted to be with. But then Tony went to the gala and he asked me whether or not I was seeing anyone. I told him that I wasn't and he seemed surprised. Like...really surprised." He rubbed the back of his neck. "He asked me if I was waiting for someone but I couldn’t answer because it was time for me to give my closing speech so I had to cut the conversation short. But I kept thinking about his question. It confused me…but then I realized that I was waiting for someone.” Steve cleared him throat and looked at Bucky.
Finally, he mustered the courage to glance in the room. One of the people who was sitting on the couch stood up. It was a guy. He was wearing a suit. A suit. Who on earth wore a suit to this type of thing?
“You left me to handle Thanos on my own – without you. We didn’t battle together like you promised.”
Her name washed over Steve like a bucket of ice water. Right. Pepper. He nearly slapped himself; how could he forget about her? Just because Tony was here didn’t mean that she was gone; it didn’t mean that Tony didn’t find her important…that he didn’t love her. Tony was just here because he wanted Steve to draw a portrait of him because he thought it’d be neat to have. Not anything more. And Steve certainly respected Pepper enough to to not do anything that would come between her and Tony. Steve took a step back and nodded.
Even though I edited this chapter, I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors that I didn't see.
Which is how Steve Rogers ended up heading to the Avengers gala by himself. The gala was a celebration of the Avengers’ accomplishments and was about raising money for charity and the facility. He didn’t really want to go to it alone, but he had gone to plenty of functions by himself before. Going to this one alone wouldn’t be any different than going to those. Luckily though, Bucky, Natasha, and Sam were going to the function, so at last he would have people to talk to. He had hoped to be able to talk to Tony, too, but Happy had told him that Tony wasn’t going because he had another function to go to. Apparently after saving the universe, Tony had gone back to helping Pepper run Stark Industries.
Steve crossed his arms and looked both directions, trying to see if Tony was walking towards him, which he quickly found out that he wasn’t. Sighing, Steve went inside of the restaurant, thinking that maybe the brunette had gotten there before him and was inside.
Knowing that didn’t make Steve feel any better though. He still had woken Tony. Made a scene. Sure, no one except Tony had seen the scene, but that didn’t matter. It still happened. He bit his lip and glanced at the mattress. His hand curled into a fist. He was the leader, the Captain, of the Avengers. He was supposed to be strong and here he was, having nightmares. Being weak.
Steve been frowning a lot? Steve must have seemed confused because Tony held up his hands. “It was a joke, Steve. I’m glad that you had a good time.”
He glanced at the time as he wandered through the kitchen to a hall. 10:30pm. He still had a whole other half an hour to go. He would just leave, but he had promised Bucky on the way over to the party that he’d stay for at least an hour. After walking for a few moments, he stopped at a room where the door was half open. Some music – jazz music, if he was correct – came from the room. He peeked in, his gaze quickly taking in the room. A few people were sitting on the couch, laughing. Steve frowned – he didn’t know any of these people.
He sucked in a breath; no, that couldn’t happen. They just got back together; they still had so much to talk about. And he had made a promise. He kicked off of the ground, closing the distance between Tony and him. He grabbed Tony’s other hand just as he snapped his fingers. The energy of the stones surged through Tony, making the man collapse against the rock. His eyes slid closed. The energy from the stones found its way to Steve, weaving through him. He gritted his teeth as he held in a scream. He didn’t let his hand leave Tony’s. He wouldn’t let Tony do this alone. Pain surged through him, making his vision blurry. A scream left his mouth.
“Thank you,” Steve told the driver. He gave him some money and got out of the car. His hands ran over his suit, smoothing out any wrinkles in his suit. Some people dressed in long gown dresses and suits brushed past him. One of the women muttered something about Tony Stark to a man who was next to her. Well, at least he knew that he was in the right place. Taking in a breath, Steve followed them into the hotel.
The bartender nodded and grabbed a bottle from the other side of the bar. He handed it to him and Steve mumbled his thank before turning around to go back to his table. But something stopped him. Well, actually, a person stopped him. Everything that had been on his mind seemed to vanish. It wasn’t important. Not really, anyways. Steve blinked, not quite believing what he was seeing:
Steve sucked in a breath. “Really?” He didn’t know why it was so hard to believe him. Tony would be honest with him either way. It wouldn’t be like Tony to say that he liked it when he really didn’t, regardless of how long Steve had worked on the project.
“Just tolerable?” He rolled his eyes. “I bet by the end of our walk, you’ll find it not just tolerable, but enjoyable.”
“Sure, if you want,” Steve said after a couple of moments. He sat down on the couch, next to his laptop.
Well, Steve certainly hoped that this walk wouldn’t be unpleasant. He didn’t think it would be, though. Nothing with Tony seemed to be unpleasant. Tony had a tendency to make simple things – such as working on a presentation – enjoyable. Maybe it was his company; it seemed to have a calming effect on him, even if he was nervous most of the time he was around the other man.
Tony stared at him for a long moment, his gaze searching Steve’s face. The tears that Steve had been blinking back rolled down his cheeks. He brushed them off of his face with the back of his hand.
Bucky took a piece of bacon and munched on it. “Love is a fickle thing. It’s strange, hard to explain, confusing-”
Steve nodded and watched Tony, wondering if he was going to say anything else. When he didn’t, Steve pointed to the doors behind him.
Steve smiled at him, but the smile didn’t quite have the warmth that it usually did. The joke was a perfectly fine joke to make, but it hit a little close to home for him. He had been having a difficult time coloring in the drawing because it reminded him of that night, how close he was to doing something stupid. Something that Tony probably would not have forgiven. Maybe he was overreacting to that whole event, but that’s what he thought about every time he looked at the drawing.
The blonde quickly thought about the plans he had tomorrow; he couldn’t think of any. He had taken the day off from the site to work on his art.
“Excuse me,” Tony said, taking a spot behind the podium. People turned towards the podium. “I won’t bother introducing myself because I assume all of you know who I am. If you don't...where have you been?” Laughs came from the crowd. “Anyways, originally I was not supposed to attend tonight’s event because I was co-hosting a Stark Industries event. However, I felt like this event was more important. The Avengers, although on a hiatus right now, were a huge part of my life…are a huge part of my life. After the battle with Thanos though, my first thought wasn’t the Avengers, it was to recuperate. Some may say that was understandable after everything that happened and I don't regret not thinking about the Avengers while I was just beginning to heal. But…” Tony’s gaze lifted to where Steve was standing. “Steve Rogers was the one who was thinking about what to do next after the battle. He came up with the plan to rebuild the Avengers facility only a few days after the attack. He was the one who asked me if he could take the lead on the project. Obviously, I said yes. Over the last few months, teams have been working hard to clear that land so we can start anew, create a new era of the Avengers. Making a new building wasn’t enough though…Steve also wanted to have this function help those in our communities.” Steve’s cheeks grew warm. He wasn't used to getting this sort of praise. Not as Steve Rogers. “If you donate money, know that you will not only be supporting these types of efforts, but you will be supporting a team, led by a leader who never gives up.”
Steve and Tony sat so close that their thighs touched. Tony’s hand rested in Steve’s. Every so often, they’d turn to look at each other, which made Steve blush. He couldn't believe that tonight had actually happened; he couldn't believe that Tony liked his art. He thought that he would, but Tony's reaction was better than he could have imagined. The man said it was some of Steve's finest work. The car turned down the street of Tony’s new apartment.
“Ah, right. Follow me.” He grabbed the water bottles he had left on the counter – he had left out two just in case Tony wanted one  and led him to the living room, where an easel was set up in front of the coffee table. “You can sit wherever you want…the couch…the recliner…wherever.”
This chapter is shorter...I apologize about that. I promise that some of the next chapters will definitely be longer.
They worked on their project for about another hour or so before they decided to call it quits. The project wasn’t due for a while, so they figured that they could finish it up at another time. And, after that conversation, it had been kind of difficult for Steve to focus, so when he got done what he had planned to get done, he suggested to Tony that it was time to call it a night.
“Doing it here is fine. Perhaps we could do a house tour later, though? I could see your bedroom, then.” He winked at Steve.
“I told you that nothing was the matter,” he replied, back to him. He placed some bacon onto a plate and brought it back to the island.
Unfortunately, Steve’s reprieve didn’t last for very long. The waitress came over a few minutes later and took all of their orders, along with their menus. Steve wanted to tell her to cancel his order and leave, but he knew that wasn’t the mature thing to do.
Tony let out a laugh. “Of course I had to help. There was a chance of us reversing the Snap…bring everyone back. I couldn’t just stay on the sidelines.”
he could be blamed for this. But…maybe Tony was right. He could’ve just said nothing; he could’ve made an excuse, told him that he had an emergency or something. He hadn’t needed to be honest with him. Yet, he had been. He had thought that had been honoring his promise to Tony, but maybe…he had been secretly hoping that something like this would happen. But that didn’t mean that he actually
Steve looked at him; a hint of a smile played at his lips. “I’m Captain America, it kind of comes with the gig.”
People clapped as Happy took a step back next to Steve. The blonde opened his mouth to ask him if he should say something, but then closed it when he realized that something was happening. The crowd parted; people murmured amongst themselves. Heads turned to see what all of the fuss was about. Steve took a step forward, trying to see what or who the others were looking at. A few seconds later, Tony broke through the crowd. Steve's gaze roamed over him; he was wearing a navy blue suit with a white button-down shirt that had the first two buttons undone. Steve stared at him, his lips pressed together in a tight line. So, he had decided to come without telling him that he was coming.
Steve’s blush darkened. “Well…I didn’t know when dinner was going to be served so I just sat here instead.”
He wasn't sure why he was said that, but he did; there wasn't any way to take it back now. His phone buzzed a few seconds later.
Tony didn’t say anything for a few moments, his gaze on the table. Steve was tempted to say something, but he didn’t want to interrupt whatever thoughts that were going through Tony’s mind. Finally, Tony spoke.
“I told her that wasn’t true, but now in hindsight…I guess it was true.” Tony bit his lip and glanced at Steve. “Anyways, things got worse when I invited you to the Stark Industries event. She didn’t mind you being invited, but she thought that I shouldn’t have had you sit next to me. She thought that you should’ve sat at another table. That's what we were arguing about that day. She kept telling me that I was focusing more on you than her. Again, I told her that I wasn’t. But after that day at the coffee shop, I guess I became miserable to be around. I didn’t think that I had been until Morgan asked me if something was wrong. She asked me that because apparently I had seemed sad. I tried to act happier around her because I didn’t want her to worry about me, but that didn’t stop the arguments between Pepper and me- we started to fight almost every day. We tried marriage counseling, but that didn’t work. Obviously.” He gestured to his ring finger that didn’t have a ring on it anymore. “About two weeks after our last counseling session, Pepper said that she wanted a divorce; she said that my heart clearly wasn’t in our relationship anymore and that she didn’t think it ever would be again. I guess I loved her, but I wasn’t
Since Tony wanted to meet at night as opposed to the middle of the day, Steve assumed that he had good news to share. Of course, he didn’t know for certain, but Steve didn’t know why Tony would want to meet at night if he only had bad news to share. Steve was just putting the finishing touches on their dinner when there was a knock on the door. Steve smiled softly to himself and wiped his hands on a kitchen towel. He padded over to the door, his heart thundering in his chest. Steve opened the door; his eyes widened upon seeing the man who was standing on the other side of it.
Tony nodded just as the tea kettle went off. Steve padded over to the kettle and turned it off. He poured the water into each mug and put a tea bag in for each of them– chamomile for him and –
Time seemed to slow down drastically after Tony left that night. It was as if the world just decided to want to turn on its axis slower now that things were possibly looking up for Steve and Tony. Steve knew that wasn't really happening, but that’s what it felt like. It didn’t help that he barely heard from Tony, either. Tony texted him a few times each week, but not as much as Steve had hoped. He supposed it was best for Tony though not to contact him that much while he was sorting out his feelings.
Steve smiled brightly at him. Reading books shouldn’t make him this excited, but the fact that Tony was going to spend the time to create a list for him meant a lot to him, especially since he knew how busy Tony was with work.
Steve blushed deeply; he was getting ready to type out another message when one appeared on the screen. The phone nearly slipped out of Steve’s hands. No, no, no. He couldn’t be serious. No. He had to be joking.
Tony sighed deeply. “Can you please not be stubborn and just accept my apology? I know that you may not be upset with me about it, but I feel like my behavior wasn’t right, so I want to apologize for that.”
He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. All of the words that he wanted to say raced around in his mind, begging to be the first ones out: I’m sorry, Tony. I never wanted to hurt you, Tony. You’re so important to me…you’re my best friend. Which phrase to say first though, he had no idea. He took a sip of his water and placed it on the table. He kept his gaze on the table.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck and paced around his living room. “Yeah, I know it took a while. I’m sorry about that-”
Once he had made his rounds, he made his way to the bar for a drink. He paused when he saw a woman with red hair and a man with brown hair talking at the corner of the bar. The woman wore a white dress that cascaded down to her feet. The man was wearing a black tuxedo with a white shirt under it with a green tie.
“I know. As I said though, I’m not upset that you told me. I was just upset that night because I felt guilty for having feelings for you - it was a month after the divorce, and I was already to move on.”
There's more to tell about Steve and Tony's story, so there will be a sequel to this story. I hope to post the first chapter of that some time in July, so if you're interested in what happens next, keep an eye out for that!
Steve’s gaze shifted to his lap. “Yes,” he murmured. He wasn’t proud of his thinking. It was just…how he felt. And, what had happened to him in the past.
Steve frowned at him; there was so much to try to sort through. Apparently Tony had been more focused on him than Pepper. Leaving him that day at the coffee shop made him feel worse rather than better. He and Pepper tried marriage counseling but it didn't work because Tony wasn't in love with her anymore. All of these things were important, but all he could focus on was how if he had never said anything, maybe Tony would've put more effort into his relationship. Maybe Tony would still be with Pepper.
He slid a hand through his hair, smoothing it out, before opening the door. Tony stood on the other side, a smirk upon his face.
Steve didn’t talk to Tony for a couple weeks after that. Not exactly because Steve didn’t want to talk to him, but because he was worried about what Tony would say to him. During their last encounter, Tony had basically read him like he a book. Knew things about him that he hadn’t expected him to know. What would happen if Steve let him see more of him? That’s right – he’d be in more danger. Not physical danger, of course. But in danger of allowing himself to get hurt down the line. Once people got to know Steve, they rarely stuck around.
“You know, you could’ve sat at the seat I saved for you.” Tony pointed to a table that had two places that were empty.
One moment, the battle was going well. They were winning; Thanos’ armies were retreating and they had the gauntlet. The next moment, Thanos and Tony were in the middle of the field, battling each other for the gauntlet. At least, that’s what Steve thought he saw – his vision was fuzzy after being knocked out.
“I know, Steve. I was just joking.” He crossed one leg over the other and pivoted towards Steve. “But yes, I can make a list of books I can give you. I’m not sure if you’ll like all of them, but it’ll be interesting to hear your thoughts.”
Of course he was there. Sitting at a table in the middle of the restaurant, surrounded by some of his friends – Steve recognized most of them – was Tony. Slowly, Steve exhaled through his nose. He glanced behind him, at the door. Maybe he could slip out. No one would notice.
Surprisingly, no one deterred him from his plan until Tuesday, the day that he received a text message from the person that he had been hoping wouldn’t bother him.
Even though Tony had said similar things before, it hurt more this time. To know that he created the pain in Tony’s eyes made his stomach churn, made his heart feel as though someone threw knives into it.
Steve bit his lip. It wasn’t that, either. This just seemed…well, random. Looking over the last few months though, Tony had been acting a bit different than usual. Sometimes he wanted to spend time with Steve and then other times, Tony didn't seem interested at all in him. Steve never knew what side of Tony he was going to get. Apparently, today, Steve was getting the former version of him.
Tony grinned. “Excellent choice. I have to say, it’s one of my favorite dishes.” He handed him the carton.
“I know that…but Happy told me that you weren’t coming, so I just thought that you weren’t. I thought that you had more important things to do.”
Well, that didn’t reassure him in any way. If everything was okay, talking wouldn’t be necessary. But...maybe he wanted to talk about what happened between them. There was no other reason for him to contact him. He licked his lips and typed out another message.
Well, that was a very good question. The answer to which Steve was still trying to figure out himself. He didn't know how it happened, exactly. All he knew was that it did.
“Steve!” A voice cut through the buzz of conversation. Steve swore a little under his breath. As much as he did want to see Tony, he was worried, like always, that somehow he’d make a fool out of himself.
Ten minutes later and Steve still didn’t know what to say. It seemed so silly to get so riled up about this, but sharing his art…he wasn't sure if he wanted to do that.  Tony probably wouldn’t be too hard on him about it, but he wasn’t sure. He closed the door behind him and walked into his bedroom, sliding his bag off of his shoulder so it landed on a chair. Biting his lip, he sat down on his bed. He stared at the screen of his phone for a few moments, trying to decide how to reply. Finally, he typed out a message.
Steve blushed a bit. He wasn’t really used to talking about art with other people. It was something he did just for fun. Or did it when he felt like he really needed to get out of his head a bit.
He had just finished brushing his teeth when there was a knock on the door. Steve’s eyes widened; was it that time already? Surely it couldn’t be. He glanced at his watch. Five o’clock exactly. Well, that was new – being on time typically wasn't something this person was known for. He supposed there was a first time for everything, though. Steve wiped his face with a towel before leaving his room. He ran a hand through his styled hair – he had swept it back a bit so it was out of his eyes- and walked to the front door. The person knocked again.
In the past, Steve had gone to a few of Tony’s events that he held for Stark Industries, but the last one he had attended was ages ago and all of the other Avengers were invited to it, too. Tony had never actually outright asked him if he wanted to go, either. It had always been brought up over dinner or when all of them were hanging out. This was definitely different, which is why Steve just stared at him, at a complete loss for words.
The car turned into the Ritz-Carlton’s driveway and pulled up to the double-doors that led to the lobby of the hotel.
He wanted to engage in a certain conversation, but he knew that he couldn’t rush Tony into it. Besides, he didn’t even know what Tony would say; he was just assuming that he wanted to say something positive. If it was bad…maybe it was best for him not to know quite yet. The pair ate in silence, each of them enjoying their meal. Sometimes Steve felt Tony’s gaze on him and he blushed softly, not used to the scrutiny.
He brushed past Steve and grabbed a plate next to the stack of pancakes. He put some on his plate before glancing over his shoulder, his eyebrows raised, as if asking a question.
He rocked back and forth on his heels, unsure of what to do. It was odd to be back here after being at the Avengers facility, with everyone. Even when they hadn’t been planning the mission, there always had been something to do. He had lived here longer than he had there over the last couple of years, but the place didn’t feel as much like home as it used to. But…it wasn’t like he had anywhere else to go now. The Avengers facility wasn’t standing anymore. Tony’s place was off-limits now that he had a family. Well, maybe it wasn’t, but he wouldn’t intrude on them, not now. Not to mention that he was still at the hospital. Frowning, he walked to his bedroom and shut the door behind him. He sat down on the bed and stared at the wall. He had spent the last day or so wanting to get out of the hospital that he didn’t really think of what he’d do once he got out of it. Sure, he knew that he wanted to rebuild the Avengers facility, but what was he supposed to do besides that?
Again, Tony shrugged. He gestured away from the room, towards a hallway. “Shall we continue? The other guests should be here in a few minutes.”
. He had removed himself from the situation. He had put Tony and his family before himself. There was
It took a second for Steve to react to the hug. Honestly, he hadn’t been expecting it. He felt like he hadn’t done anything compared to Tony. Tony was the one who had risked his life; he had just been the one to try to save him.
bad, but he'd just focus on it if he had nothing better to do. He actually started to go the gym so much that the owner suggested that he work there; teach kickboxing or some class to some of the people that attended the gym. Steve had been flattered by the offer, but he turned it down. He told the owner that he’d keep the offer in mind though.
He changed into the suit and tied a navy blue tie around his neck as quickly as he could. Ten minutes to go. He glanced in the mirror and smoothed out his suit. Satisfied with how he looked, Steve ran out of his bedroom. He grabbed his wallet, phone, and keys on the way out of his apartment. He doubted rushing like this would get him to the event on time, but he had to try.
He handed Tony his mug before grabbing his own and walking to the couch. Tony followed him, taking a seat on the other side, a seat cushion between them.
Steve paused and stared at the wall in front of him. Sending it to Tony had never actually occurred to him. He figured the man would just pick it up so it wouldn't get ruined by shipping packaging, but if Steve wanted him to send it to him, he would.
A few days after the gala, Steve found out that the construction site had been closed, so he couldn't spend time there to get his mind off of it. If the site had been open, Steve would have spent more time there to try to get his mind off of this. Apparently, it was closed though until they gathered the materials that they needed to start rebuilding. They had ordered some previously to the gala, but those orders had been delayed because the manufactures couldn't get the materials in time for the shipment date. Now, they had no idea when the building of Avengers Headquarters would begin. It could be anywhere from weeks to months.
“Damnit,” Steve muttered. Drawing a bowl with some lemons in it shouldn’t be this difficult. He had drawn stuff like this multiple times, back when he had first come out of the ice. This should be a walk in the park.
I have to admit, this is one of my favorite chapters of the story so far. I hope that you enjoyed it! As always, thank you so much for reading!
Tony took a seat on the couch, too, only sitting a few feet away from him. Even though Steve knew that Tony was precisely sitting two feet away from him, he didn’t get why that fact was so important to him. He had sat the same distance away from Bucky before and it had never met anything. So…why was Tony so different?
Steve shrugged. What he thought wasn’t important. People always eventually left him anyways. So, he must be uninteresting.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat. No. No. He couldn’t do this. Not after everything. One yard. Once Tony snapped his fingers, he wouldn’t be able to stop the stones from tearing Tony apart. He wasn’t going to get there in time. He wasn’t going to be able to save him. He’d let Tony down, once again.
Steve picked up a pencil and began to sketch Tony, making light marks on the page just in case he made a mistake. He stuck his tongue out between his lips as he worked, his focus solely on his pencil. The farther that he got with the drawing, the less he thought about how he was drawing Tony or how Tony had come here because he had wanted Steve to draw a picture of him that he posed for. His attention was solely on the lines the he created on the page; he wanted this drawing to be as close to perfect as he could get it. Every couple of seconds, Steve would glance up from the easel and glance at Tony. Sometimes their gazes would meet which made Steve blush and duck behind the easel so Tony couldn’t see him.
Steve sighed when he realized that this conversation wasn’t going to go anywhere. He held up his hands.
The waitress brought over their pizzas, placing one in front of each of them. Steve thanked her before she left them alone. They each started on their pizzas; silence fell over the table. Eventually, once they had eaten a bit, the conversation started back up again, but this time they talked about other things like books, movies, and other things that they hadn’t talked about in a while. As the conversation progressed, Steve felt himself relaxing, even smiling at some points. He had missed this – being just with Tony, away from the Avengers and functions.
“Excuse me!” he yelled over the dim of the crowd. The conversations almost immediately quieted. “The Avengers Gala is ready to begin. You may make your way to the Grand Ballroom whenever you want.”
Steve thought for a moment. He could mention the things that he had been thinking about, but he knew that he couldn’t talk about them with Tony. “No, that’s all,” Steve replied. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
They spent the next hour or so researching and taking notes. The room was quiet, save for the occasional sound of clicking keys or scratches of pen upon paper. Steve was actually surprised that Tony didn’t make any discussion. He thought Tony would want to ask him about his behavior as of late, but perhaps he was wrong. Maybe Tony didn’t care about his behavior that much. But…still, Steve doubted that was the case. Tony was merely focusing on what they had to accomplish instead of Steve’s behavior. A half an hour passed before Tony finally spoke up.
Tony let out a long, exasperated sigh. “No one understands me,” he said, placing the back of his hand against his forehead. He slid his hand off of his forehead, back to his side. He looked at Steve. “You know that I’m not one to do that.”
Steve wanted to tell him that his apology wasn’t necessary, but he knew that Tony wasn’t going to let this go; he obviously felt bad for what happened after the battle.
Steve shook his head. He sat down on one of the couches and stared at his lap, not really knowing what to say. He felt kind of silly, being here. As if he didn’t belong. It was obvious that Tony was from a whole other…background than him. He definitely shouldn’t be here. He moved to stand up, but the doorbell rang. Steve sighed and sat back down.
At the beginning, things were going well. It seemed natural to be with Sharon; conversations were easy and they had a lot of the same opinions. Their dates were decent, too. Steve always found himself having a good time. After a while though…something felt off. He felt like he was missing something. He wasn’t sure what exactly, but he just didn’t feel excited about the relationship. He enjoyed being around Sharon though, so he didn’t understand why the relationship felt like it wasn’t quite working. Shortly after he figured that the relationship wasn’t working, he ended it. He felt bad for ending it, but...he knew that it was for the best.
“I thought I’d swing by to see how everything is unfolding,” Tony said, sliding his sunglasses into his hair.
“Of course you would be - I have impeccable taste,” Tony replied, smirking. “I’ll give them to you as soon as the list is complete.”
“I’m sorry, Tony…I never meant for this to happen. Never meant to feel this way. I just wanted to deal with it on my own..." There was more that he wanted to say, but the words died on his tongue.
Once they had begun to eat their meals, they started to work on the presentation. They worked mainly in silence, concentrated on getting this presentation done before the night was over. And, unlike most of their classmates, they didn’t feel like spending all night working on it. The sooner they got it finished, the better. Steve occasionally glanced at Tony, but for the most part, he focused on his section of the project, wanting it to be perfect since he knew that Tony’s section would be perfect.
Steve let out a breath. The tension that had riddled its way into his muscles disappeared. The corner of his mouth twitched upwards.
“It was a nightmare about you...you didn’t make it back from space. Carol came back with the ship but it was too late to save you,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper. “I was too late to save you.”
“Yes.” Steve turned around to get a mug that he knew was one of Tony’s favorites. “But I decided to make breakfast instead.” He placed the mug next to the coffee maker. “Pancakes and sausages – your favorite.”
“Tony…I know why you didn’t call me. I’m just saying…I thought I’d never be home again.” He gestured around them. “It’s nice to be back.”
Tony narrowed his eyes but continued walking along the kitchen island, putting some sausages on his plate before pouring syrup over the pancakes. He served himself some coffee and took a seat at the table. The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked upwards; he had been worried that Tony would eat in his lab, but he supposed that he hadn’t needed to worry about that. Steve served himself and made his way over to the table; he took a seat opposite Tony.
The answer seemed obvious, but for some reason, Steve just didn’t like it. He didn’t want to go back to the way things were before they had a plan to undo the Snap. Obviously, there was always avenging but he doubted that there would be many cases for them for a while. The world was still finding its footing; it would be a while before any trouble started to brew. Guess that left no choice then. He’d just…have to adapt. He had to once, he could do it again. At least until he could start fighting again. And, well, at least Tony and him were on speaking terms now. He could always talk to him.
Steve lead him through the hall, towards the kitchen. He glanced behind him, at Tony; he couldn’t help but think how Tony was in his apartment. After all of this time, Tony was finally seeing where he lived. It was hard for him to get his mind around it.
The rest of the day went by thankfully without thinking too much about Tony. Whenever he felt his mind start to wander, he’d force it back to the task at hand. Not that he was always successful at that. But he supposed at least being able to control his thoughts a bit was progress. At the end of the day, Steve said goodbye to some of the people he had been supervising and walked towards the exit. He walked to the parking spot where his motorcycle was parked. His phone buzzed in his pocket right before he was about to head home; he took his phone out of his pocket and glanced at the screen. A text was sprawled across the screen.
And that was the moment that Steve broke. Tears sprang from his eyes, creating tracks down his cheeks. He couldn’t believe that he did this, made Tony this hurt. Yes, he had thought that not signing the Accords was right. But…if he had known that it would’ve caused Tony this much hurt, he would’ve acted differently. If he could go back, he would’ve just signed them and helped Tony negotiate some aspects of the Accords. Adjust them in a way that made both of them more comfortable.
Tony winked at him and bounded away from him, swiftly making his way through the crowd. Some people tried to talk to him, but Tony just nodded to them as he rushed past. He didn’t slow down until he was a few inches away from the podium. Steve canted his head to the side; his lips pursed together. What on earth was Tony up to?
“Not really.” It sounded awful to say out loud, but it was true. Without any missions…he wasn’t really doing much.
They began to talk about the book, sharing their opinions and ideas about the characters and the plot. Sometimes they would get off topic, but Steve didn’t care. It was nice to do something with Tony that wasn’t just fighting bad guys or talking about how he was so behind in technology and pop culture (which Tony found to be a great offense). To find something that they both liked.
Steve blushed. Perhaps he had taken some inspiration from Tony’s outfits…but that wasn’t important right now.
Steve couldn’t scold him for what he did…after all, that was part of the job. But that didn’t mean that he liked what Tony had done, or had been about to do. He sighed deeply.
“It’s fine – do you want to talk about it?” It wasn't, but how he was feeling at the moment wasn't important.
Bucky ended up staying for dinner after that conversation. He said that all of that talking made him starving, especially since Steve was being so dramatic about all of it. Steve had told him that he wasn’t being dramatic at all, he was just expressing how he felt. The dinner didn’t last long, but it was nice. Steve had missed hanging out with Bucky; it made it feel like old times again. When he was walking towards the door, Bucky looked at Steve.
He took a seat on the floor, on one side of the coffee table. Tony sat on the other side. Steve stared at him for a moment before taking out his laptop and placing it on the table.
He snapped out of his thoughts; pink spread across his cheeks. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to.” He cleared his throat. “I’d love to go.”
“Nothing may happen, Steve…but you never know. As I said, let Tony decide what he wants. Maybe he’ll change his mind.”
Steve thought that Tony was finished with surprising him, but he supposed that he was wrong. And really, Steve was glad that the man wasn’t through with it. It would be boring if he could predict Tony’s actions. Not that he could, really. All of these years later and Steve still couldn’t quite figure Tony out. He knew him well, but not as well as the other seemed to know him. Steve had wanted to change that after they had been reunited, but he hadn't really gotten the chance.
A few hours later, Steve was still sitting on the couch, but the page wasn’t blank anymore. He smiled widely at his work before setting the sketchbook on the table and pulling out his phone. Leaning over the table, he snapped a picture.
Slowly but surely, Steve found himself not thinking about Tony as much. He still missed him, but he could manage to make himself think about something else if his thoughts turned to him. Sometimes he thought about texting him since he was feeling better, but he could never bring himself to because he was worried that if he saw him, all of those old feelings would come back. So, he kept his distance and tried to keep himself busy. He figured that when he was ready to see Tony, he wouldn’t be worried about his old feelings coming back.
his event, right? Steve bit his lip and glanced around the room again. Perhaps this was a different Stark Industries event. Maybe the one that Tony was in was in a different room. But, he didn't believe that there could be two events at the hotel hosted by the same company. His gaze surveyed the crowd again. Where was he, then? Frowning, he padded over to one of the waitresses who was near him.
“So I brought a bunch of different dishes – I wasn’t sure what you liked. But I got fried rice, lo mein, egg rolls, and sweet and sour chicken.”
“No, it’s definitely worth reading. When you’re finished with that though, I have a list of other books that you should read.”
The blonde was just coming home from an art gallery exhibit when his phone chimed. He slipped it out of his pocket and glanced at the screen.
“Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Art 101. We are all passionate about art, so let’s focus keep our focus on that.” Her gaze settled on Steve. “Remember that art is for everyone.”
Tony nodded and gestured for Steve to sit. He took a seat next to Happy and placed the napkin that was resting on his plate in his lap. Tony took a seat next to Steve; Pepper sat on the other side of him. Happy stood up to address the room; he announced that everyone should take their seat because dinner would be served. The guests complied, swiftly taking their seats. More waiters entered the room with silver trays and began to make their way around the room, delivering the first course to each guest. Meanwhile, a man with gray hair stepped up to the podium that was near their table. People fell silent when he taped the microphone. Steve shifted so he could see him better. The man launched into his speech, which officially began the night’s festivities.
Steve grabbed a bottle of beer and slid it across the counter. He went back to the little work station that he had set up and took out a a few slices of bread.
He raced out of the room and retrieved the frame from his bedroom, where he had placed it earlier today because he wasn’t sure if Tony would want it. The frame was a light tan, which would help people’s eyes be drawn to the portrait. Steve returned with the frame and set it down on the table. He glanced at Tony, who was still standing in front of the picture.
One day, while Steve was on his lunch break at the site, he somehow started to think about one of the first times Tony and Steve really spent time with one another outside of the Avengers and missions. The activity itself wasn’t very exciting, but for some reason, it meant a lot to him. Maybe it was because before that, he had just viewed Tony as his colleague. Someone that he talked about his suit design and missions with. That day…well, he had started to become his friend, he supposed.
“Took you long enough,” a voice said. Steve glanced to his left; Tony was leaning against a wall, arms crossed over his chest.  He was wearing a black cardigan with a gray t-shirt underneath and dark jeans.  “I was starting to wonder if you’d gotten lost.”
Unless he decided to ditch tonight’s event at the last minute, which he doubted, but Tony could have chosen not to come and not have notified Steve.
He closed the door and walked down the hallway, into the living room. The floors glistened under the lights. The normally covered in textbooks coffee table was completely clear, save for a cup that had a pens, pencils, and highlighters in it.
Around four thirty, Steve made his way home so he had enough time to get ready for the event. The event didn’t start until seven, so he had plenty of time. At least he thought that he would have enough time. It turned out that he didn’t have enough time.
Steve laughed a little. “Think about it as pay back for when you dragged me out of my room to go to the museum.”
“Since the attack,” Steve began, his focus shifting to the floor. “I’ve kind of viewed things in a different way. I realized that I’m missing something. It’s something I’ve always wanted, I guess, but due to all of the missions I had to go on, I just ignored it. It didn’t seem very important. But now it seems to be really important. What I'm missing is a relationship - I want to have a relationship with someone.” Steve’s gaze flicked to Bucky, who nodded a little, urging him on. “You know that I tried to date Sharon, but that didn’t go anywhere. I liked her, just not in that way. I even tried to date other people, but that didn’t work out, either. I didn’t really know what I was searching for, but I knew that no matter how nice those relationships were…they weren’t the one I wanted to be in.”
Sighing, Steve slid his way down the mattress again. He shifted this way and that, trying to get comfortable.
Find a date? Sure he could. That wasn’t the problem. The problem was…well, finding the right partner.
The question took Steve by surprise. So surprised that he almost walked into a low hanging branch. Tony had to grab his wrist to stop him from moving. Pausing at the sudden feeling on his skin, Steve glanced at the spot where Tony’s hand was. He blushed and pulled his hand away.
Tony kicked Thanos as he tried to pull the gauntlet away from him. The purple titan laughed at him and punched Tony’s chest, sending him flying into a large piece of debris that was lying against a tree.
He held it as Steve slid his arm through the shield’s straps. It was lighter than his old one, but...besides that, it felt the same. Better, actually. He couldn’t quite put his finger on why.
Steve didn’t hear anything past ‘friends’. The word echoed in his mind. It felt like someone had just hit him with a car. The smile that was playing at his lips vanished, replaced by a frown. Friends. That’s all they were, all they would ever be. Steve thought that he would be able to handle it, but if being friends with Tony meant hanging out at least once a week, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to do it. He knew that Tony and him were friends, but hearing it from him was another thing. Besides...he didn't know if he could be the best possible friend to Tony if they continued to do activities together often. And he
The conversation paused there; everyone, surprisingly, was looking at Steve. Steve’s gaze flitted between them. What did they want? Did they want him to explain who he was or something?
“I did have important things to do, but it wasn’t anything that Pepper couldn’t take care of.” He shrugged. “Besides, I’d rather be here.”
Steve smiled to himself as he reached a packet of tea on the counter; they liked to keep various teas on the counter. “I know…I haven’t forgotten.”
The professor walked to the front of the room and glanced at the students. She began lecturing about some case that happened a while ago. Steve glanced at his notebook and smiled softly. Perhaps this day wouldn’t be too bad after all.
“The kiss was good, but...I don't think it can mean anything." He winced at how that sounded. "I mean, I don't think that it can mean anything at the moment. I know that you and Pepper are over…but you don’t seem to be over the divorce yet."
He hung up and turned towards Tony’s painting. Some parts hadn’t turned out exactly the way he wanted, but he supposed that it wasn’t too bad. Tony would approve of it. At least, he hoped that he would.
“She may be the person he’s meant to be with, but you don’t know that. Now that you two are friends again, maybe he’ll realize that he wasn’t actually supposed to be with her.”
After that…incident, Steve had to get some fresh air. He didn’t know much about time travel, but he was sure that having Scott coming back as various different ages was not what should have happened. He leaned against the column of the building and stared out into the grass field in front of him. If they couldn’t get time traveling sorted out…then all of this would be for nothing. They would be right back where they started.
Even though I edited the chapter before posting it, I apologize for any typos or grammatical errors.
Bucky and Natasha, on the other hand, seemed to have plans: they were going to find an apartment in New York City together. He hadn’t realized that they had gotten close so quickly, but apparently they had been dating prior to the Snap and after it…well, they decided that there was no point in trying to take it slowly. The way they looked at each other…well, Steve knew that they were definitely into each other. Sam stopped by briefly to check in on Steve and see how he was feeling. When Steve asked what his plans were, Sam told him that he was going to move back to Washington D.C..
Steve made his way around the room, making sure that every spot at a table was set with plates and utensils. Once he was sure that the room was set correctly, he returned to the lobby. He cleared his throat.
The next day, Steve was finally released. When he woke up from his nap after visiting Tony, Natasha and Bucky had visited him. They had spent several hours talking about the battle and what was going to happen now that they had reversed the Snap. Steve told them that he had no idea what he was going to do. He could go back to being an Avenger, but he wasn’t sure if the Avengers would be needed for any missions for a while now that Thanos was defeated. Maybe he’d try to do more art like he always wanted to do; he wasn’t sure.
Steve smiled; he was glad that Tony had managed to heal over the last few weeks. He didn’t like the idea of Tony ruminating and scolding himself over something that he couldn’t control even after he put all his effort into saving it.
His art had to be put on hold for the next week because he was busy helping build the facility. Well. Build may have been the wrong word. Supervise would be more correct. He had wanted to help lay the foundation of the building, but Happy refused. Instead he charged Steve with making sure the materials they needed were there and helped plan some of the interior of the facility. It was going to be very similar to the old one, but this one was going to be bigger, and those who worked for the Avengers would be in a separate building than the Avengers. The Avengers would have their own training and living quarters. That way business and life could be more separate. When one of the architects proposed this idea, Steve immediately signed off on it. He wasn’t sure still what his future plans were, but he thought the Avengers would like this change. Not having their own space had always been a complaint before Thanos attacked.
“According to my calculations, you guys are working as fast as you can.” He pulled out his phone and glanced at the screen. “You should be finished in about four months.”
The months went by slowly. With every month that passed, he thought that Tony would contact him, but he never did. Steve was beginning to think that Tony would never reach out to him. Steve had thought about contacting him, but the scene he made at the coffee shop still made him embarrassed. That conversation should have never happened. He had been a fool to bring it up. Or maybe he had been a fool for thinking that he could remain friends with Tony while he was in love with him. None of that mattered though. He couldn't take back what happened. All he could do was hope that Tony would come around.
Tony glanced up at the ceiling. “It is.” He closed the distance between them so he was standing only a few inches away from Steve. “Have you been sitting here the whole time?”
“You know, when I was on the run…I thought I’d never be back here again,” Steve said. Why he was saying this, he had no idea. He just had to say something, and this was something that he had wanted to tell him for a while now. Steve rubbed his neck. “I…wanted to come back here, but when you didn’t call after a year, I figured that I wouldn’t be seeing this place again.” That I wouldn’t be seeing you again.
Tony shook his head. “There’s no need to apologize. I know you told me because you thought it was the right thing to do. You were trying to protect me.”
Hours later, Steve felt like they hadn’t made any progress. Every time they thought that they were almost finished clearing an area, they realized that they actually weren’t – there was always more rubble to move. Thankfully by then, they weren’t the only ones rummaging through the field. More Stark Industries employees had showed up along with Scott and Hope. He hadn’t been expecting to see them here, but he was grateful that they were. Apparently they decided to stay for a bit longer when they found out that this project was beginning. Coughing, he stood up and grabbed the water battle he had placed on a wall that had toppled over. He took a long drink before putting it back on the ground.
The car pulled in front of a tan building that had stairs leading up to it. Steve glanced at his watch; he was five minutes late. Well, at least that was something. Better than ten minutes late.
“Yes, we need them,” he said before he realized how quickly he had responded. Well…that sounded desperate. But…they were. Now that they had a chance of reversing what had happened, they had to fix it. They had to at least try fixing it.
Tony looked at him through his lashes; a frown marked his face. Steve wanted to leave, but he found himself sitting back down in his chair instead. He ran a hand through his hair and looked at Tony, who was looking at him with a confused expression.
“I apologize for my tardiness. I was trying to get here on time but picking out an outfit took longer than I thought it would,” Tony explained; the crowd broke into laughter. “Anyways, I am here now, so I suppose the event can finally commence. We are here today to officially begin a new era of the Avengers.” He dug the shovel into the ground and threw some dirt next to the incision he made in the ground. “I’m pleased to announce that the building of Avengers Headquarters has officially begun!”
“Tony…it’s our project. The Avengers' project. Besides, you were the one who wielded the gauntlet; this should be your honor.”
Steve stared at a new blank page, pencil in hand. Minutes passed by, but his hand didn’t move. The page remained empty.
Tony was wearing black pants with a fitted green t-shirt and a leather jacket. His hair was sticking up a little in the front in typical Tony Stark fashion. Unlike last time though, the dark circles under his eyes were gone. A smile played at Tony’s lips.
Steve woke up to find himself screaming. Sweat covered his forehead. His throat felt raw. How long had he been screaming for? The covers that had been up to his chin before he went to sleep were now at his waist.  He sat up and wiped the back of his hand against his forehead. He breathed deeply, rapidly, as if his body couldn’t get enough air.
“So…er, I was thinking that we could do some research on the cases first. You can do some research on the laws, if you want?”
, Steve Rogers. It wasn’t that he hated the questions about Captain America; Captain America was one of the best things that had happened to him. But people seemed to just see him as that and forgot that there was a person who was separate from that title. That he was more than just the shield. That he was interested in more than just being a superhero.
He thought about dodging the question again – Steve hadn’t actually shown Tony his art or talked about it that often, so he wasn’t quite sure if he wanted to start now. It was clear that Tony wouldn’t make fun of him for it, but Steve didn’t like showing his drawings to people. His art was personal, it was part of him, in a way. But…he didn’t want to lie to Tony. He did that once and he promised that he wouldn’t do it again. Even if it was something silly like if he was taking an art class or not.
Steve wasn’t sure if ‘humble’ was the proper way to describe Tony’s place. It wasn’t fancy, but it definitely was nicer than his place. Gleaming hardwood floors lead the way to the kitchen, which had granite counter tops and what seemed to be brand new appliances. He remembered seeing commercials for some of the appliances that were sitting in Tony’s kitchen. Tony lead the way to the family room, which was opposite to the kitchen. A big flat screen television was hung up on the wall. A leather couch sat across from it. Two chairs sat near the television, facing the couch. On the coffee table there were some magazines that were from other countries. Steve bit his lip; he hadn’t even been out of the country, and here Tony was, showing off magazines from various countries.
“Ah, right. That.” Steve looked at him expectantly, waiting for more of an explanation. “You had been avoiding me, so I figured that he would know what was going on with you.”
“Steve, it’s fine. I was joking.” He paused for a moment. “Were you planning on sending it to me or did you want me to pick it up?”
Steve swore under his breath. He couldn’t believe that he had finally said that aloud. To Tony. He glanced down at his lap again.
“I know,” Steve said, cutting him off. He didn’t need to hear him say the words. “I don’t expect you to.”
“Well…I like to paint, but I really like to draw. Anything, really. When I was in college I used to sit around campus and draw the different buildings. They weren’t very good drawings…but I enjoyed working on them.”
Steve didn’t comment on that. Either way he responded, Tony was sure to take what he said and run with it. He grabbed the keys to the apartment and led him out of the apartment. He fumbled with his keys for a couple of moments – why did there have to be so many keys? - before he managed to lock the door. Smiling sheepishly at Tony, he led him down the stairs, out of the building, and into the night time air.
He opened the door to his apartment and closed it behind him. A few seconds later, his phone chimed again.
The next hour or so was much calmer. Dinner was served and people seemed to talk amongst themselves. Bucky, Natasha, and Sam sat near him so he spent most of the time talking to them. They congratulated him on his speech and told him that they’d be surprised if this function wasn't a success. Steve wasn’t sure about that, but he turned the conversation away, deciding to talk about other things instead - like movies and tv shows. Those were simple topics, but no one seemed to mind.
Steve blushed deeply at that, unable to control his cheeks from heating up. He cleared his throat and gestured to the chair.
"Only talk about it if you want to." The last thing he wanted was Tony to feel pressured to talk about this. He knew that talking about something before you were ready could cause more pain than healing.
The bartender returned with a glass of whiskey, placing it on a napkin in front of Steve. Steve mumbled his thanks and turned his chair so he could see the room. Still, no sign of Tony.
Bucky broke a piece of bacon that was lying on the plate and popped it into his mouth. “But, I have to say, I’m thrilled that you finally realized that you had feelings for him. It was dreadful to hear you talk about him.”
“I meant to ask you earlier - I have an event next week...it’s a function – basically a party- for the new climate change initiative that Stark Industries is implementing. You’re more than welcome to come, if you want.”
“Please, Tony,” he said, his voice cracking over his name. “I know that I can’t undo what I did. I realize that. But this thing between us…it’s eating away at me.” He paused and looked at him. “To know that I did this to you…to us…to our friendship…I feel awful. I threw away one of the only good things I had.”
“Thanks,” Steve mumbled. He fished some papers out of his suit jacket and placed them on the podium. He stared out at the crowd; was it this crowded when he first got here? He smoothed out the papers on the podium. His tongue felt thick in his mouth.
“Really? Last time I checked screaming while one’s asleep isn’t what I would call a ‘peaceful sleep’.”
“But then…I realized that I missed you,” Tony said softly. “I missed talking to you, asking your opinions about things, just being around you. So I decided to contact you. When we started to talk again…I realized just how much I missed you.” He smirked and shook his head. “You’re a hard man to not want to have around, Rogers.”
A lump formed in Steve’s throat. “Don’t worry about it. You’re my friend…I couldn’t let you do it alone.”
The coffee shop was one that Steve had discovered a little after the Snap. It was about ten minutes away from his apartment and it was close to a small park. During the five years after the Snap, he had often sat at one of the tables they had set up in the park and drew while he drank his coffee. Other times he would get coffee or tea to go. He had visited the place so much that the people knew his order.
The hostess nodded, completely unfazed that Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were at the restaurant. Steve wasn’t sure if she just didn’t care about who they were or if Tony had visited this place so many times that it didn’t seem surprising when he swung by. She led them to a table off to the right, near a window that looked out into a courtyard that was between this building and the one next to it.
Steve laughed at that. Tony? Easily captured? Not at all. Tony was one of the most complicated people he knew. But who he was deep down…he supposed that was easily to convey when he drew him.
After Sam stopped by, Steve kind of had a better idea of what he wanted to do next. The plan wasn’t concrete, but it was something. A bit after Nat and Bucky left, Steve changed into clothes that Natasha had brought with her and made his way down the hallway. When he saw that Tony’s door was open, he poked his head in. Tony was sitting up in bed, a book in hand. Steve knocked on the door; Tony’s head lifted from the book.
After his dinner with Tony, Steve knew that he had to finish the drawing. Tony seemed pretty understanding when he told him that he hadn’t finished it yet, but he felt bad for not having it finished. So, he had to complete it. Besides, he couldn’t just start a project like this and not finish it. Steve ended up promising him that he’d have it finished within the next few days. He still didn’t exactly want to look at the drawing because it reminded him of that night, but at this point, that didn't matter. The next morning, Steve sat down in front of his easel.
Steve got out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist. He padded into his bedroom and glanced at his closet; he bit his lip, unsure of what to wear. His work jeans - they were jeans he liked to wear when he was at the construction site - were an option, but he really didn’t want to wear those since they were faded and there was a tear at the knee where he had fallen during a fight a couple of years back. He could wear his tight dark wash jeans, but he didn't think those would be good for tonight. So, he decided upon dark wash jeans and a white t-shirt. Simple, yet nice. At least, he thought it was. After he got dressed he walked to the bathroom to finish styling his hair and getting ready.
months to clear all of the debris, not four. Not that a month really mattered that much. It had given Steve a sense of purpose, going there every day, trying to create something special out of nothing. Over the months, some of the Avengers stopped by to help: Bucky, Nat, Sam, Peter Parker, Rhodey. They didn’t stay very long, but they still helped. Tony, on the other hand, had barely come to the site. He had only stopped by once and a while and most of the time when he had stopped by, Steve had only seen him for a few minutes. He had always seemed to be in a rush to go somewhere. Besides that, Steve had barely talked to him. Steve was convinced that he somehow did something wrong, but he couldn’t think of anything he had done within the last couple of months that would’ve made him upset. So, he tried not to dwell on it.
Steve could feel his cheeks burn just a bit under his gaze. One drink wouldn’t be bad. And he couldn’t quite remember when the last time he had an alcoholic drink.
“Then you asked me if I had feelings for anyone. At the time, I told you that I didn’t, which I thought was true. Well…it wasn’t.”
A few hours later, the portrait was finished. Well, at least everything was shaded in. Steve was sure that he could work on it more, but he didn’t know if he needed to. It seemed good enough for him. He moved away from the easel and picked up his phone; he dialed Tony’s number. The brunette picked up on the second ring.
“Everyone is their own worst critic.” He saw Tony's feet shuffle closer to his. Their toes were almost touching; just a few inches apart. "I promise to tell you what I think about them – I won’t lie.”
Steve bit his lip. “Thank you.” He took a sip of his beer and glanced around. Some people looked in their direction. “Would you like to talk somewhere else?” Not that he had a problem with talking with other people around, but he preferred to talk Tony alone. Besides, it was quieter out in the hall.
He blinked and glanced at the coffee table, where Tony had been beginning to lay out a bunch of different boxes.
There were murmurs among the crowd; some people applauded. Steve exhaled softly, glad that no one was throwing tomatoes or other fruits at him. He only needed to see one reaction though, so he glanced at Tony. The brunette still stood in front of the crowd; his hand covered his mouth. His eyes were wide. Steve rushed over to him.
Steve glanced up at Bucky before glancing back at his book. “I’m not having this conversation, Buck.”
Steve sent the text and smirked to himself. He pocketed the phone and left his apartment. He padded down the sidewalk, making his way to art class. His phone buzzed when he was about a block away from it.
It turned out that shading the portrait took a lot longer than Steve thought it would. Once he was about three-fourths of the way through, Steve paused because he was growing frustrated at how
Steve nodded and opened up his menu, trying to look busy. Tony watched him for a few moments before glancing back at his own menu. For the next twenty minutes or so, Steve was quiet. After he had figured out what he wanted to eat, he switched his attention to two of the guys sitting next to him – Clint and Sam. Apparently they were in their class, too, but they had just transferred into the school this year. Tony busied himself with talking to Rhodey for a bit until the waitress came over and asked them what they would want for a drink.
Steve glanced up at him and tried to grab the remote from him. Bucky jumped back and held the remote above Steve’s head so he couldn’t reach it. Steve jumped to try to get it, but it wasn’t any use. He couldn’t jump high enough to get it.
Tony nodded and helped himself to a cheeseburger. Once he dressed it the way he wanted – with ketchup and tomatoes, he took a seat at the table. Steve plated a cheeseburger for himself before meeting Tony at the table. He sat down and smiled softly at the other man. He gestured to Tony’s untouched burger. "Feel free to eat."
“Well, whenever you don’t talk to anyone else – except for Bucky – and whenever I try to make a conversation with you, you try to avoid it.”
A car was waiting for him (courtesy of Happy and Stark Industries) when he arrived outside. He thanked the chauffer as he got into the car. His heart rate picked up as they pulled away from the curb. His palms began to sweat. This was it, the big event. If he didn’t do a good job hosting tonight, this whole night would be for nothing. He opened up the window, trying to get some fresh air. Slowly, he inhaled and exhaled. He could do this. He was just hosting a bit of the event. Surely he could handle that. Thinking that he could do handle it but actually doing it were two different things though. This was more of Tony’s thing. Not Steve’s. When Tony had hosted functions in the past, he had always been able to get the crowd excited and get them to care about what the function was about. Steve wasn’t quite sure that he’d be able to do that. Years ago, when he was acting on stage as ‘Captain America’ during World War II, people would throw tomatoes at him. Hopefully the people going to the gala would be easier to win over then a bunch of tired homesick soldiers.
A week later, Steve found himself back at the Avengers facility. Well, what had been the Avengers facility. There was nothing left of it now. Nothing. Thanos had completely demolished the place. The only thing that was still recognizable was the landing strip near the facility. Even that had holes in it though. Steve wandered through the debris field, making his way hopefully to the other people that were here to help. He knew that Stark Industries had sent people to help out, but he wasn’t sure who else would be here. Bucky and Nat told him that they wanted to be here, but they weren’t sure if they would be able to be. Sam said that he’d try to come if he didn’t get caught up at the group that he runs. There were obviously more people that could help out but Steve hadn’t heard from any of them. Not even Tony had contacted him when he told him that they were going to start cleaning up today.
“Anything else?” Steve asked, his voice wavering a bit. He looked away from Tony, unable to hold his gaze. His mouth ran dry; his heart beat loudly in his ears.
“Mhm, sure.” He opened the door more and gestured for Steve to come in. He led him over to the living room. Some snacks were already placed on the coffee table. “I thought that you may want to eat something, so I put some food out.”
One of the things that they wanted to do before telling the public was to tell Pepper. They wanted her to know before the public knew. They thought about informing Morgan about them, too, but they decided that Pepper could tell her when she felt like the time was right. Tony and Steve also talked about how they would tell Pepper – if it would be the both of them or just Tony. That discussion ended with Tony saying that he’d tell her. Steve had asked him if he was sure and Tony had said yes. Saying that Steve was nervous about Tony telling her was an understatement. After they decided that they were going to tell her, Steve couldn't sleep much and he spent most of his days drawing. Tony said that it would probably go fine, but that didn't make Steve feel any better. After all, Tony had left Pepper to be with him. Pepper had every right to be upset, even if Tony hadn’t known that he wanted to be with Steve when he got a divorce with Pepper.
“It’s just that…you keep giving me mixed signals here, Rogers. Last semester you seemed to have no problem with studying with me or my friends, but this semester…you have been distant.”
He continued to slowly breathe in the fresh air. Eventually, his heart rate went back to normal and his fingers uncurled from his fists. It was just a speech. He could do this. If he failed, maybe he could get Sam or Nat to help him out. Yeah, that could work.
Steve pursed his lips. He wanted to say that he was sorry, but that was such an overused statement. He said something else instead.
“I know.” Steve reached for Tony’s hand, which was resting on his lap. “I’m not saying that I’m against this - us - from happening. I’m just saying...if we’re going to do this, I want to do this right. I want to do it when we’re both ready for it.” He gently squeezed Tony’s hand. Steve obviously was ready for it, but he didn’t want Tony to feel rushed to heal. He wanted him to take his time, to come back when he was ready.
Steve wasn’t convinced. He trusted Tony, but he knew that Tony wouldn’t necessarily tell him if he absolutely hated the drawing after he put so much time and energy into it.
“I know that I messed up, Tony. I realize that I hurt you. But…I don’t want to mess up again. I lost you for seven years...I don’t want to lose you for more.” Tears threatened to spill over his cheeks again. He swore under his breath. Who knew that talking about this stuff would make him so damn emotional?
Feel free to let me know if there are any typos or grammatical errors. I did edit this chapter, but a few might've slipped through.
Whenever Steve tried to talk about this with Natasha, she just told him that he was avoiding talking to Tony and he had to talk to him. It wasn’t that he was purposely avoiding the topic. It was just that…if he talked to Tony, there was a chance that Tony would not want to hear what hear what he would have to say. Or, he could accept his apology, but things between them could stay the same. He tried to express that fear to Nat, but she always said that he had to talk to him.
Tony nodded and sat down in the chair. Steve handed him the extra water bottle he had taken out for him.
In the MCU, the Avengers technically never live together in Avengers Tower. However, in this fic, they briefly lived together for a short time after the battle. Then, they went on their own ways just like they did in the MCU at the end of Avengers.
Steve brushed his hand through his hair, smoothing it out, before he opened the door. As always, Tony looked like he had just stepped off of some sort of fashion magazine. He was wearing black jeans with a short-sleeve polo shirt that only had two buttons buttoned, exposing some of his chest. Steve glanced at his shirt, his gaze lingering a bit too long at the exposed area. He swallowed thickly.
Steve stared at him; what kind of question was that? But, Tony wasn't known to ask vague questions. “Someone with shared life experience, I suppose.”
Steve looked up at him, probably looking at him for a touch too long. He didn’t mean to – it just happened.
Tony’s smile widened. “Well, I wouldn’t expect anything else.” He clapped his hands together and walked into Steve’s apartment.
“Of course.” Steve’s eyebrows furrowed at that. “That whole…incident happened.” Tony waved his fork around.
Well, this was certainly enlightening. Steve huffed and went to the fridge to grab a beer. He unscrewed the lid and took a long drink from it as he turned over the words that Bucky had just said. It was difficult for him to believe that he had been in love with Tony for years without him ever realizing it. People just didn’t form feelings for someone and somehow be completely oblivious to those feelings. Sure, they showed that in movies but that wasn’t reality. Yet, here he was, contemplating whether or not he had really been oblivious to the fact that he had been in love with Tony far longer than he knew. When, then, had he fallen in love with him?
Steve’s cheeks grew warm. “Thanks, Tony. I appreciate it.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “When are you getting discharged?”
Tony smirked. “Did you really think that I wouldn’t stop by at all while all of this was happening? Give me some credit, Rogers.”
Smiling a little to himself, Steve got back up and headed to the kitchen to make himself a late lunch. Yeah, he could definitely adapt.
A couple of hours passed before they were finally finished with their presentation. And, by the time they were done, it looked, well, great.
Thank you again to everyone who has read this story. This was my first fix-it fic so I was very nervous about writing it. Your support helped me want to continue to write it, so thank you for all of the kudos and comments. They really meant a lot to me.
Multiple lights that looked like chandeliers hung from the ceiling. Wooden panels lined the walls. Along the farthest wall, a podium and a white table-clothed table sat. In front of that table, there were rows of tables that faced it. A bar lined the right wall. Along the other wall, there was a table with gift baskets. That was where the guests would make silent bids for the gifts. Most of the money raised from the gift baskets would go go to local charities in the city. The other money would go towards the facility. All gifts were provided by Stark Industries.
He winced as the words left his mouth. Geez, could that have been any more awkward? He had been with Tony for years now; he thought that he would have adopted some of his charm by now.
Tony nodded. “Yes. I was upset with you, but I didn’t know if I would ever need you, so I kept it with me.”
Steve was just about to take out his notepad and pen when the opposing lawyer walked into the courtroom. He froze, his gaze resting on the man. The man strut into the room like he owned the place and nodded to the judge as if he had known him his entire life. Steve swallowed thickly. There was only one person he had known to act that way. One man who dressed in suits that put all other suits to shame. Tony Stark. The Tony Stark was the lawyer he’d be going up against. The one lawyer that he always joked that he wanted to go up against, but truthfully never did. The one person that he wanted to see again but kept telling himself that he didn’t. He forced himself to breathe. Oh, this was going to be interesting.
Steve finally had a day off the following Monday. They were letting the concrete dry, so there wasn’t really anything that they could do. Since Steve had some free time, he decided to work on some art projects that he had been assigned the last time he had been to art class. He sat down at his kitchen table, a fruit bowl set in front of him. They were supposed to paint a still life. Steve slid his pencil over the page, trying to copy exactly what he saw before him. He grimaced when the outline of the bowl was complete. It looked…awful. Like he had started off being really concentrated on what he was doing, but had started to daydream halfway through. He grimaced and tossed the paper into the bin.
Tony shook his head and pivoted towards the blonde so he was facing him. He shuffled closer to him, placing his hands on his shoulders. His gaze settled on Steve’s.
Steve looked at him for a moment longer before moving to the side, allowing Tony to enter. He closed the door behind him and followed Tony who was already almost to the living room. Tony shrugged off his leather jacket and tossed it onto the couch. Steve frowned at his back.
Steve stomach churned; his gaze shifted back to Tony. He noticed how the corners of Tony’s mouth were turned downwards. Oh. Tony was…upset. He hadn’t meant for him to get upset. Guess he had been too caught up in his own thoughts to see how his actions were affecting the other. He frowned at Tony.
Tony pulled away and smoothed out his shirt. “I think we should go inside…we have a lot of work to do.”
Steve frowned at him; just like that, the distance was back between them. Just like that, it seemed like they were when Steve had gone to his house, practically begging him to help them.
Tony glanced around the room and shrugged off his leather jacket; he wore a red t-shirt underneath. He folded it in half and placed it on the back of the couch.
The blonde gestured him to follow him. They moved towards a wall that was a few feet wide in the center of the room that had paintings on it. While Steve liked those paintings, those were not the ones that he wanted to show Tony. He led Tony around that wall, towards the back wall. The back wall had a large blue curtain hanging over it.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve said, his tone softening. It really wasn’t that big of a deal, he supposed. Traffic could be unpredictable at times. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be harsh.”
Tony shrugged by way of answering. He popped another piece of bread into his mouth. “You should have some.” He pushed the basket over to Steve, who tore off piece of bread and bit into it. “Good, right?”
The blonde placed the frame back on the coffee table. He tucked his hands into his pockets and looked at Tony.
One would think that knowing Tony Stark held some interest for them would make them want to talk to him, but Steve was not that person. Well. He just didn’t act on that want. As much as he liked the idea, he was still afraid that somehow, Tony would still dislike him when he got to know him. Really know him.
him for this. Sure, he had told him about how he felt, but he left so Tony could continue on with his life. So that he could stay with Pepper and Morgan.
