The fridge and pantry are completely stocked. Steve tries to imagine Natasha making grocery runs fit to feed an army.
“Vision, take a look at their tech and see if that matches up.” Sam cleared his throat. “And if our team communications are out of sync, we can't have anyone left on their own. Thor, can you go join Captain Rogers?”
He tugged away, darting backwards into the shadows of the bare room, seized with a sense of impending danger.
Silence followed, and with Tony's troubled expression, Steve had to conclude he done something to ruin the moment.
Steve snorted. The others didn't understand, how Steve's future was divided into a time before and after Tony.
Tony's skin was flushed. He was breathing through his mouth now, and it made it hard to look anywhere but his lips.
“Not much further I can go, with how fragile you supersoldiers are.” Carol shrugged. “We're going to need to talk to Tony, if I'm making the room shake like that. I hate to see what this place will look like after Jen has a round with it.” And when she saw an opening, she took it. “Maybe you can put in a word with him?”
“You mean today? Or how long that’s been my morning routine?” Tony chuckled, and Steve felt like scowling. Who would drink enough to bring themselves to that every morning?
“Of course. We wouldn’t be here without you. You’re the one who solved time travel.” It’s a weak response after all that, but Steve offers a small smile regardless. He doesn’t think his voice would let him elaborate more right now. “How couldn’t we?”
Whatever they thought of each other, the fact remained that Steve had few places, if any, to escape his own mind but here. There weren't many who were allowed into the top floor of Stark Tower without prior appointment, and enigmatic as Tony was, their bond had been forged into something that resembled trust.
Tony hated not being in control of his armor. Considering how it'd been forcefully taken over in the past, it wasn't a difficult fear to understand.
Steve stared at her in wide disbelief. She offered nothing further. Steve reached for the chair, setting it right and sinking back into it. “Sorry. I didn’t see you there. What is it?”
“You must be quite big names in your world, if you have Mister Fantastic on call like that,” Sarah had said at the door to her apartment.
Tony turned to Steve's counterpart, saying something to which Rogers nodded, and accepted something from Tony. Steve removed the binoculars from his face and stood. From what he could tell, Rogers was stunning the Hydra agents with a stun gun turn-by-turn. Fair enough; it was easier for them to keep them incapacitated for now, especially if more of them popped up.
When he lifted his hand, the sunlight glinted off his hand, making it glow golden. Steve found himself entranced by the sight. He twisted his fingers around, looking at it, and decided that he liked the look of it.
It doesn’t take much prodding for Steve to polish off his slice and push himself off the edge of the kitchen island. He had caught sight of Tony earlier in the corner, looking at his phone. They’d decided on the teams and they’re both going to 2012, but Natasha’s right. This may be the last time they have a quiet moment together.
Then it turns out they’re not getting out of here anytime soon, not without the Tesseract. Steve’s body is numb, heat creeping down his neck and shoulders, like he’s floating. It’s an echo of that day back in Wakanda, after Thanos snapped his fingers.
Did this world not know about the incursions? That was impossible. From the data Tony had seen, it had caused changes that was impossible to ignore. The Infinity Gauntlet wasn't something you could ignore.
“Funding is important, but it's not the main thing. What you need, is someone to believe in heroes and the good they can do.” Steve was smiling at him. “Someone who believes in the future.”
Steve thinks that maybe, if he could see himself from her eyes, he’d think the same. But there’s a surety to him. His love is an anchor, that holds him steady. Even if he pulls it up, the weight of it will always be there.
The unconscious agents were up again, all of them, within the blink of an eye. More gunshots sounded, and while they were harmless against the Iron Man armor, Rogers had crouched down behind his shield, and the men quickly realized who their target should be.
Tony looked down at him, his hand running through Steve’s hair. Steve turned his head toward Tony’s stomach, and Tony shifted his lap to accommodate him. There was the barest smile on his lips, and Steve found he wanted to reach out and make it wider.
“Sunny Lane is contained,” said Steve over the team comms as he squinted up at the road signs at the corner. Why couldn't everywhere follow New York's grid system for numbering streets?
They shouldn't have come here. Multiverse travel wasn't as potentially catastrophic as many things they did, but what-ifs made everything more than probability and possibility. What-ifs didn't leave you. What-ifs consumed you. The worlds where things had turned out badly made him guilty, and the worlds where they'd turned out better were worse.
“So what,” went Miles. “Were they all hit in the head? Maybe Pleasant Hill's secret is that it makes everyone go nuts and lose a couple of years?”
Steve coughed. “We were trying to keep it on the down-low, not make it a big deal. Act just like friends, like teammates. I guess...we...weren't convincing?”
“Well, having an extensive team would be a great idea,” Reed noted. “I'm not sure if our superhero network is that expansive.”
The room’s energy, which had been in the relaxed, easy stages of an inevitable end to an enjoyable evening, shifted to curious, anticipatory.
When Tony reached Steve’s underwear, he kissed along the band. Little pinpoints from where his hair brushed Steve’s skin, and Steve twisted a little, too overwhelmed to know whether he liked it or not.
It was a high order, when they hadn’t even had sex yet, but Steve shuddered, thinking of it, knowing that his dick was entirely on-board with the thought.
“Are we taking the wrong approach?” Tony asked. “It can't be just the issue of the multiverse.” He thought of the orange orb that'd brought them here, and the broken orange Time Gem that had left their Earth months ago.
“I…Yeah. That would be a good idea. But—” Steve’s face was growing hot, and he didn’t know how many excuses he could come up with. He fought off aliens and international terrorists, and here he was, cowed by Tony Stark. It had been a stupid idea in the first place, and what type of strategist was he to think it could have worked? Just because characters on television could live on the same floor in the same apartment building and see each other everyday. What had he been thinking—he’d hated bunking with others back in the war. Tony would laugh at him. Tony should laugh at him. “You’d still walk all over them.”
“Ugh, that’s foul.” Tony sighed, putting a hand to the floor and attempting to stand. Steve was there in an instant, lifting him up from beneath his shoulder. Tony swayed a bit, and feeling his slightly feverish skin press against his own, Steve was suddenly aware that Tony was wearing nothing more than a robe and his underwear.
It happened in an instant. Someone walked by, too close, and there was a click of a camera shutter, and Steve saw red.
The happiness is almost too much to handle. He’s beaming at Tony, who looks carefully composed, even if the pride rolls off him in waves. Even if Tony would never admit it, Steve would. The happiness is so unfamiliar it feels novel. How long has it been since they’ve had this?
Steve's fingers wrapped around his wrist, tugging it effortlessly to the side. His thumb was pressed right to Tony's vein, and Tony's insides gave a little belly flop.
He was in the middle of an alleyway. It was still daytime. The area wasn't evacuated, judging from the honks of cars and the bustle of city life.
The rush of post-battle adrenaline may have been hampering Tony's bodily awareness, but he felt much better than he had before he'd jumped on the orb.
“Why are you two talking about my love life?” Steve asked, still holding onto Tony's wrist, making the odds that this would work out in Tony's favor soar.
Tony tries to smile at Steve, appear somewhat reassuring, and then he thinks of Morgan. His stomach twists. He’ll never see her grow up. He’ll never see her go through school, or go to college, or get married, or maybe even have her own kids one day. He’ll never get to see her discover all of life’s roads to happiness.
“Captain.” Steve whirled around to Rogers, surveying the street, and realized that he'd been able to hear Rogers's almost-whisper in the midst of everything.
“Steve, what the hell are you—” Tony said, before he repulsored a half-dozen of them. He was fighting defensively, covering Rogers. If Rogers’s shoulder injury hadn't been noticeable before, it clearly was now, and against sheer numbers there was only so much to do. They needed back-up, badly, and Steve knew that he'd made the right choice in being a distraction.
Then Scott Lang shows up, babbling about quantum realms and the Stones they’d thought were gone for good, and it’s been a long time since he’s tasted hope.
“Doorbells? Darling, if you haven’t noticed, the front door is ninety stories down. Anyone who needs to knock isn’t getting in.”
“Well,” Steve said. The word hung in the room. Everyone was looking at him. Steve…wasn’t used to being the subject of so many expressions of disapproval.
He debates waking Tony and the others up. In theory, they can take their time. But it’s been five years already. The instant they work out the final kinks in their plan, they’re going right for it. It’ll be a few more days at most, and they need their proper rest.
Steve understood if he wanted to forget. He went through a breakup, and it’d still taken nearly a week of cheap, run-down motels and worse food for Steve to work up the courage to come here. Even Tony Stark had to be shaken by attempted murder at the hands of his fiancée.
Tony caught his hand, lifting his hand to his lips and grinning. He pulled it closer to his mouth, and Steve felt a hint of tongue. Steve closed his eyes, feeling Tony’s tongue around the base of his middle finger, questioning before he slipped the finger between his lips and sucked. Steve sighed, and moved his hand so that it cupped Tony’s face.
Steve clasped his hands, lowering his head. For the past day, he hadn’t felt much of anything. He didn’t need to, not when he was certain Tony would wake up at any moment. But it was there now, the annoyance prickling beneath the surface. He kept imagining it, how he’d shout at Tony, how Tony would see how reckless and stupid he had been. How Tony would see how badly he’d messed this up, how he’d never do it again. It’d been the only way Steve had kept himself sane, mulling on the one way to get Tony Stark to change.
For now, he wanted to live for this second. He pressed his mouth to the pads of Tony’s fingers, before leaning down and resting Tony's hand on his forehead, stroking his palm with his thumbs.
“Bucky’s my best friend,” Steve said. “But, you’ve been with him for over sixty years. You have grandchildren.”
. For everything Steve feels for Tony, and how charged their words always come across, their conversational topics are perfectly ordinary. He wants to sigh. Maybe what he really doesn’t get is him and Tony.
“No, I don't think there's anything wrong with you. There have definitely been...things...that I've noticed, but I don't think they're so different from myself.” A penchant for pessimism? Considering the only
He tries alcohol again, but it’s too much seeing everyone else in the same rooms, in the same places, having the same ideas. Thinking of Bucky, and Sam, and Wanda, and everyone else who’d disappeared into dust before his eyes is too much. Grieving for Tony alongside rows of lost men feels like too much. So he tries to grieve for Peggy instead, but then he finds himself in the bathroom, coughing up scads of daffodils.
It was like a pinprick against his chest, and he hated feeling like this, small and pitiable. His throat burned, and he resisted the urge to wipe at his eyes again. “Just because I was skinny and needed a cane to walk properly didn’t mean that—”
“You have to be fucking with me.” Steve shifted the grip on his gun, but he didn't chance firing any more bullets. When he removed his finger from the trigger, the man holding the shield peered over its edge.
Tony and—someone—stumbled out of the elevator door together, and they were. Their mouths and bodies were mashed right in front of Steve, mouths moving like they meant to devour each other’s faces, hands disappeared under each other’s clothes.
“Agreed,” Tony said. “Even if we're the good ol' Avengers, we're just the backup, here. Let's not compromise their mission by not trusting them to do their job.”
Steve scrambled over the edge of the couch, sprinting for his shield. He leaped half the room to grab it, nearly slamming against the wall in his attempt to spin around and throw it. The shield clipped the vampire on the leg as it opened the door, and it stumbled, revealing bright, green scales where it'd been nicked. But it righted itself as Steve dove to stop it, and the door swung back, smacking Steve on the forehead and leaving him seeing stars.
They had seen that in him, back in the war. A relentlessness that would not bow or budge, and they had thought that it was a great quality in a superhuman, the perfect soldier.
What was important was that Tony not find out how Steve’s reactions toward him were becoming more amusement than annoyance, or else he would become even more insufferable.
“It's not nearly the strangest thing the Avengers have ever dealt with. At least no one is actively trying to kill us here.”
All he can think in shuttered relief is that the flowers grow down the passageway to his lungs and not his stomach, so that he doesn’t have to humiliate himself with vomiting in front of Tony.
Every kiss, every second. Tony let him do it, and what a privilege, for Tony Stark to deem you worthy of his attention. With Tony, every moment was the present. It was an idea Steve could get used to.
“From examining the data...I believe we've 'dodged the bullet'. Or, more probable, someone shielded us from it. It appears the residents of Pleasant Hill were meant to become vessels for the Hydra agents to swap with.”
“Of course,” Reed said. “I've only done theoretical work on a bridge to other universes, but since I'm certain now they exist, it'll just be a matter of time.”
A full-body shudder overcame the creature when Clint's arrow caught it in the orb. The sound came like fire crackling, before the arrow exploded.
“Avengers!” Sam's voice came through the comms. “Report in.” After the cursory replies, he spoke again. “Iron Man?”
But then Tony would come to him and drape himself over Steve, adorably demanding in a way that made Steve want to give him, the man who had everything, anything.
After a moment to adjust to the turn of events, the gears in the back of Tony's mind set into motion. There was a curious buzz, as the kiss showed no sign of letting up, to figure out the different sides of Captain America. Each new piece were answers to a puzzle Tony hadn't known he needed solved.
“After we figured out that we weren't supposed to be looking at this like a multiversal problem, it wasn't so difficult.”
Jan’s eyes and voice went soft, which wasn’t a much better alternative. “I heard you’ve been in here all day. I thought I would ask if you wanted to get something to eat.”
Steve hadn't seen a Hydra agent around for the past several minutes. Considering how everyone else sounded, he was the exception.
“Stark!” The tentacle grabbed Tony's hair, and Tony groaned as his head was held back, neck bared. Another tentacle curled next to his cheek, the claws bared against his skin.
If Tony had known back then about Steve’s crush, then he would have also realized that things had changed by now. They were good friends most of the time. The rest of the times were ones Steve would rather not recall.
The room rumbled when Carol slammed her feet into the floor. Carol grinned at the flash of surprise that took over Steve's face before he stumbled into a sideways roll. More than enough time for her to clear the distance between them in a few strides. Steve tried to trip her, but there was no chance she was getting to the ground with him. Carol balled a hand into a fist. Energy surged through her, and she took a moment to let it happen before it became too intense. She raised her hand above her head and shot the blast off, the release like a rush of relief. She grinned, before her senses went haywire, and she ducked.
Tony turned to say something about it to Steve, only to find him stopped dead in his tracks a few feet back. He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
Steve himself still didn't understand the viability of one's own life support also powering their weapons.
It wasn’t like there was much to disturb. Someone, or several someones, from Stark Industries had come, and whoever they talked to or whatever they talked about, soon after, the closest residents in the hospital wing had been relocated to different wards or facilities.
Natasha chose to do this. They’d all chosen to do this, knowing what it could mean. And the only reason was because they damn well thought the payoff would be worth it.
“I mean, who wouldn't want their clone babies to have a penchant for alcoholism and emotional disregulation?”
“This is the best present,” Tony said, and Steve tilted his head, before dropping his chin down and chuckling. His fingers closed around Tony's cock, and cutting off Tony's next words. He stroked the length a few times, and Tony tilted his hips into it encouragingly. Steve's hand was warm and rough around Tony, but also frustratingly loose.
Steve turned his face, pressing his lips to Tony's neck. Against his skin, Tony felt the smile slowly spreading over Steve's face.
It wasn't much of a spar as they circled each other for several long minutes, waiting for an opening. Tony was being much more oddly cautious, but that was just as dangerous as being too hasty. If you missed the perfect spot, it meant your timing was off, and letting your opponent that could prove fatal.
“The shipments didn’t start coming until a few weeks after--” Natasha doesn’t need to point out what. “Every Thursday. There used to be more, but I made a note that most of it, especially the perishables, would be better directed to other sources. Even after that, it’s still way too much for me, though.”
The first person Steve revealed his secret to was a stranger. He didn’t think the nurse on night shift deserved to know, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He’d brought proof, too, to counter any skepticism, because he didn’t make plans that failed.
“You should relax,” Tony said, kissing down his bare stomach, and Steve was the opposite of relaxed, his body tensing at every brush of Tony’s lips. When it’d been Gail, or Jan, they had giggled when Steve had ran his fingers down their torsos, kissing their breasts and hips. When Tony did it, all it did was ramp up his lust to impossible levels, and he thrust his hips up in small little motions, gasping at Tony's searing heat everywhere he touched his fingers, his lips, to.
At the table, the man slept slumped over, face buried in his arms folded atop the surface. Just seeing it made one's fur itch. That wouldn't do. He had to properly care of what was his. He padded around the room, stubbornly picking past the overwhelming scents, until he found what he was looking for behind a corner cabinet. He dragged several furs onto the floor, shaking them out and sneezing at the small cloud of dust that created.
The multiverse. Tony hoped, could have prayed, that this had nothing to do with the incursions, but hope really didn't count for much these days.
easy, Cap. You can’t have thought that. It took me my whole life to find my answer: I am Iron Man. Who are you?”
Steve's eyes jumped up to Tony's when he joined him on the couch. Tony brought his hand, slowly, making sure Steve could track it, until it settled around the back of Steve's neck. Steve's eyes were wide, like he couldn't believe what was happening. Tony craned his neck back, and that was enough invitation for Steve to move. It was lightning fast, his hands gripping Tony's shoulders, face buried in his neck as he took several deep, shuddering breaths.
“My dear brother Baldr is a noble man. I trust his word if he says that this would bring harm to Midgard.”
Gail finally set the coffee on the table, taking a seat on the chair diagonal to Steve. She quirked an eyebrow at him, and it worked just as well as it had in her youth. It must have done similarly, to all the people she’d investigated and interviewed over the years.
Doc Ock cackled, and his metal tentacle curled through the air, the claws marking the wall next to Tony. “That's
Steve frowned. It would have been easier for Tony to aim his repulsor at Steve's shield, catching them all in the arc. That would have been their next move, if Steve were there in Rogers's place, without any words needing to be exchanged.
Steve freezes. His expression is blank, hollow, sunken, and Tony never sees that face outside of the mirror.
“I have to tell you something,” Tony said, his tongue like lead. “About our world. If we had any sense of self-preservation”—which they didn't, not in their line of work—“we wouldn't go back. There's a …situation waiting for us. It's not an easy one.”
“Never mind, you can just stay there. I like you like that. Veterans’ associations, the Boys and Girls Club, and…oh, a hospital. Animal shelter? You like dogs, don’t you?”
“I mean, we’re going to New York together. I’m just being efficient with my time, since you get to go to space without me.”
He doesn’t break it. Of course he doesn’t. He imagines smashing it against the wall, and instead he runs a thumb tenderly over it. Whatever he feels in this moment, it means nothing in the face of Tony’s memory.
Tony turned onto his back, scratching his chest. The bed was too expensive for him to feel Steve roll over, but his side was cold.
Rogers smiled faintly at Steve's slipped words as Steve carefully schooled his expression into blankness.
Tony's eyes flitted between the present and Steve as he hefted the weight. Surprisingly light for its size, so probably not a gag gift. Not that he knew what to expect from Steve at all. “You alright if I open this now? I'm asking for formality's sake, because I was going to go for it no matter what you answered.”
“Now that we know what we're trying to accomplish,” Tony said lightly. “I think we just need time to modify Reed's time machine. Why...why don't you go call on your Ma again? I don't imagine we'll be done that quickly.”
“Why should I? The first thing Fury ever told me was that there was a lot written about me, and if I wanted to retain my sanity, to not read any of it.”
“Morning,” Carol called out. Steve nearly jumped out of his chair and had a close call for some scalding burns. “Whoa, cool it down there, hotshot.” She patted him on the shoulder as she took the seat beside him, momentarily distracted by the tantalizing smell of freshly brewed coffee. “That smells great. You mind?”
And that thought rushed over him like a wave, setting the missing puzzle piece into place. It should have been a revelation, rocked his worldview. Without the cloud of emotions blinding him, it was a foregone conclusion.
Halfway through it, he heard the shuffling of feet and froze. Apparently, he still hadn’t managed to wait out Tony, who walked in with a robe that he’d only taken the most passing gesture to tie, the V of the robe drawing the eye to his ample chest hair. Before the serum injections, Steve had never been able to grow any of his own, and the serum hadn’t changed that. Although, according to the SHIELD publicist, that made him more marketable to the American people.
“I don't recommend it. He must have wanted us to stay here,” Steve said, Rogers suddenly watching him like a hawk. “That's why we got tipped off in the way we did.”
“They’ll be fine.” A few seconds later, Tony ducks his head and shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know what I’d do if I saw them now, before we do all this. I don’t know how I was able to do it before. If I saw Morgan now, would I really be able to leave? Maybe I’d just say fuck it, and then I’d take them and disappear. Way to let everyone down, huh?”
Steve rolled them over. Tony let out a high, surprised moan that melted Steve’s brain, and Steve trapped him under his body. Tony’s eyes were bright, grinning like he couldn’t believe his luck. He grabbed Steve’s crotch, catching the fabric around his cock roughly.
Tony smiled to himself, like he knew exactly how much the Avengers stipend was and how he-as-Iron-Man had put in a clause early on in the Avengers’ lifetime that adjusted that amount yearly to reflect inflation.
“You know, Cap? You’re right. Take some time to bask in those words, I know they're a treat.” Tony pulls out his phone, before pocketing it. “No wait, I’ll surprise them.”
There was a loud crash, and Steve followed his gut instinct. He rolled, his shoulder sending shocks of pain through his arm with each jolt against the concrete. He curled into a ball as the rubble fell from the sky, and he hoped that girl was holding onto that shield for dear life.
He remembers how Pepper had smiled at Tony before he died. How she’d waited for the right moment to let out her tears. The way she’s gently smiling at Steve now reminds him of it.
Tony took a few breaths, and there was a flash of white as his tongue swept over his lips. “Jealousy doesn't usually do it for me, but you could convince me otherwise.”
Tony’s voice was deceptively breezy, like they were discussing the weather. Hadn’t he nearly been murdered himself, by his fianc
“Not like that. Oh, Steve. I meant how surely you believed in love and what it could do, and how much you wanted it. You didn't let it embarrass you, no matter how badly you wanted to be part of the man’s club. That’s what drew me to you, back then. So, no, it doesn’t surprise me that your idealistic, romantic heart won out over everything else. Logic, practicality, whatever you want to call it.”
“You let me stay here,” Steve said. Tony ignored him, but Steve didn’t stop. “If you weren’t even serious, then you shouldn’t have--” Tony shouldn’t bring strange men back here. It was his tower, his property, but still, the thought, the idea of it rankled at Steve, made him itch for a solid punching bag. That’s what whorehouses were for, although Tony was a fancy man. He could afford a night, or several, in a nice hotel, and then Steve wouldn't have to stick around waiting for him to come home.
“Not a bad trade-off to keep this company,” she says. “And I don’t have to endure any of the Avengers’ cooking skills.”
Steve kisses him. Maybe the end of the world isn’t so bad after all. Tony pushes his fingers up through Steve’s hair, running through it while they kiss. There’s something to make up for, and Tony doesn’t know how that’s going to happen, but they’re doing their damned best to try. Tony wants to touch, rubbing his thumbs over Steve’s temples, squeezing the back of Steve’s neck, every new spot sparking shivers down Steve’s body. Steve, single-minded, stubborn man he is, just wants to kiss Tony.
The rest of them watched him in silence. Once, Steve would have scowled at the attention or snapped, but he found little in him to care about the scrutiny.
See, part of being close friends with Captain America and Iron Man and most of being alive during the chaos that erupted whenever they were on the outs (a surprisingly rare combination) was the ability to recognize warning signs. And after that morning, Carol knew to keep a close eye.
Of course, there was no convenient loitering around in the place where people were supposed to take off their coats and scarves, but Tony'd been sufficiently inebriated that his below-average sense of shame had completely withered away.
“Still, I think it’s fishy that the person who won is the android. Anyone with me?” Sam looked around them. “Really?”
Steve looked down at him again, at his red, wet lips. “So, that's why you were taking your time when we started sparring.”
“Tony, you're flying a high-tech suit of armor every day. The positioning to keep that in the air and maneuver the way you do is no joke.”
“Getting into that victory pose a bit early, don't you think?” Steve said, pulling back his cowl and revealing a headful of sweaty, mussed hair.
“So, you didn't feel the need to bite anyone? Turn us into one of you?” Tony's attempt at humor landed a little, with Steve exchanging a small smirk with him.
He looks at Peggy, and the ache in his chest lightens. He knows why. It’s what the universe wanted to tell him. Steve’s one of the rare cases of people capable of developing hanahaki disease. Yet, it never manifested until five years back, so what about what came before that? It means that he and Peggy fell in love at the same rate, at the same time. The ideal love, free of the pain of flower language.
Steve's grip on Tony's wrist above them tightened, keeping it suspended, and Tony thought he'd swoon.
“Ultron has taken down by relatively primitive technology. Is there anything in your armor that could have been affected by it?”
Tony moaned, purely for curiosity's sake, and it paid off, because Steve's fingers worked his way to the side of Tony's jaw, holding him firmly in place. Tony was aware that he was being pushed back, and the angle was awkward, no leverage when they were so far apart to begin with. A bit further, and Tony might end up pushed right over.
There’s a car engine revving in the distance. Steve grinds his teeth as the sound gets closer. Too close, the compound’s security measures should have kicked in by now.
Tony dropped it, going back and smoothing his hand through Steve’s hair. He didn’t seem upset, and Steve wondered how many times Tony had had his advances rebuffed. He closed his eyes and timed his own breaths to Tony’s.
“Let me see him,” Thor said, and Steve was immediately reluctant to let go of Tony. “I do still have my medical training, you know.”
“Avengers!” Steve shouted into his comm. He nearly fell off the ladder on his descent, breaking out into a run. His side ached, and he clasped a hand to it, each step sending painful shocks through it. He was heaving for breath after only a block. The pounding of his feet against the pavement, always so grounding before, had become jarring, but he pushed past it.
Tony's instincts told him to do anything to prevent the fall, so it was an easy task to roll them over, twisting his own body to match Tony's, before he was on top of Tony, securely pinning him.
was when Steve had lost Tony, back during the incursions. She'd never seen him like that, teetering on the border between rage and grief. She loved Steve dearly, but he wasn't the easiest person to read at the best of times, and it had all been much easier to watch your words, and far easier to avoid him altogether.
He feels the petals prick at the back of his throat. Air isn’t going through his passageway anymore, and he sticks a dirty finger into the back of his mouth. His gag reflex reacts, and what the coughing couldn’t do, the gagging does. The fully-formed daffodil, when it comes up, is covered in spit and blood.
“I did,” she said. “To get you out of your own head and think about the team. The mission? Tony would think it’s important.”
They stand together, watching the sunset. By the time it’s dark, Pepper gives him a flat disc. Just like the hologram message they’d watched earlier as a group. Much as Tony liked to pretend otherwise, he was a sentimentalist at heart. There’s a disc for each of the Avengers: him, Bruce, Thor, Clint. There’s even one for Natasha, and Steve presses his palms to his eyes to stop the onset of tears.
“You could have mentioned who our guest was,” Sam told Steve, who couldn't find it in himself to care.
“You don’t have a reason to say sorry,” Steve says. Tony loved her, and she made Tony happy. She’s the last person who should apologize.
They both jumped back like springs. From the panic in Steve's expression, it was due time to mutually agree on pretending that never happened.
There’s no outbursts at the debriefing this around, just a mutual partaking of their quiet, suffocating dread. Tony leaves the room first. Steve is so disoriented by the rush of relief in his chest that he doesn’t try to stop him. Later, he wonders what he’d have done if he’d known the exit was permanent.
“I figure I have Captain America in my bed, obviously following my gut instinct has been working out for me. So if it wants to go eat some octopus, then I should listen to it.”
Steve could hear Tony filling the team in through the comms. That gave Steve the opportunity to assess Rogers, who couldn’t hear anything from behind Iron Man’s helmet or the comms. His counterpart was too open with his emotions. There was no need for Steve to search for signs of ill ease or familiar tics. Even Tony should be able to tell.
“She hasn't outdone me at the age of eight yet, and we still used the mansion for our party. Stark holiday gala: the place to be for the fifty-and-older billionaire crowd.”
“I don't think I can do that,” Steve laughed. His breath was warm and wet against Tony's collarbone.
Rogers caught his shield, aiming for a split second before hurling it again. Steve shifted, grimacing. Rogers should— would normally—run after it, putting his body to good use. A shield in constant motion on the battlefield.
Steve raised his gun and began blasting before the Hydra agents could orient themselves. It did its part to fan the chaos, but the others eventually realized that amongst the blinding greens, the flag-sporting crew and red-and-gold robot were the threats at hand.
Reed nodded slowly, like it was a rare nugget of new information to him. “Perhaps there are more differences that we anticipated.”
He couldn't tell him. No matter what Rogers did, if he was already an Avenger, then his old partner had already been the Winter Soldier for decades past.
“That I am.” An unaffected Tony did an entirely unnecessary loop around them before he landed besides Steve, who resisted rolling his eyes upward. “Glad you know who I am.”
“Only family is allowed in outside of visiting hours. I thought they just made an exception for Captain America, but they didn’t, did they? ‘Captain America secretly married? But to who?’”
They’re here for a reason, and there are no other options left. It’s only now, after retrieving the scepter and going to meet up with Tony and Scott, that Steve can think of how badly he wants to get out of here.
Steve tried to see Tony now, without the years in-between. While he was confident Tony must look different somehow, he couldn't imagine how when Tony was right there. He could only focus on the here and now. Tony was...he was undeniably attractive, magnetic in the fullest sense. Maybe that had changed, because back then Tony had seemed someone to behold and admire, but now he was the person who would draw you in, with the promise of understanding and attention and
Steve's eyes flicked up at the mistletoe, and didn't let go of Tony's hand. Tony watched Steve's Adam's apple bob, before his eyes met Tony's.
“He’s dying,” Steve said suddenly. Gail’s fingers squeezed his, and her gaze was struck by pity. From anyone else, it’d spark anger and shame, but not from her. Never from her.
“but Tony told me once, to get a life. If I don’t, I think he’ll be disappointed in me. I can’t die thinking that. So, I…I’ll try. It’s a good thing he gave me a good example to follow.”
Tony had kissed a lot of people in his lifetime, and he didn't know how to compare Steve to anyone, not when the man kissed with such intense single-mindedness. Tony was perfectly happy with eager bordering on overenthusiastic, wet, and a little dirty. Plus, the ever-present possibility that Steve could lift Tony up and put against the wall did wonders to heat things up.
When he'd proposed to Tony, It’d been a way to tell Tony that he wasn’t alone. And even if they didn't make it through, it was worth it. Tony had known that from the beginning, when he’d donned the Iron Man armor for the first time.
Rogers didn't turn his head, acknowledging Steve with a small nod. Then he bound off and jump-kicked a Hydra agent in the face.
“Everything dies,” Reed said. “That's the natural conclusion of these incursions, isn't it? The destruction of the multiverse.”
Gail looked at him then, and her face softened. “I’m so sorry, Steve. To have that sprung on you, after just getting married—”
“Now, surprised isn't the term for it. But, if you're asking—no, I'm not. You were never the most practical person I met.” She smiled, her gaze gone distant. “When we were teenagers, I remember you were the most romantic of any boy in town.”
Rogers's eyes lit up, hope replacing doubt. It was remarkable, the difference between waking up in the future alone or with your team.
Steve had assumed that marriage meant never tiring of the other person’s presence, but reality hadn’t shaped up to his fantasies. Tony would insist on his time alone in the workshop or his office, calling Steve’s presence too loud. Even Steve couldn’t be around Tony all the time. Sometimes, in his darker moments, he wondered if they were doing it wrong. Maybe Tony was right, that they both came on too strong, that they were both too damn stubborn to compromise for the rest of their lives.
Steve’s heart was beating much faster than Tony’s. Steve wondered if Tony noticed. He licked his lips, and his heart stopped.
The moment broke when Steve finished, turned toward Tony, and leaned in. Tony froze, transfixed in place by intense, blue eyes, as Steve...sniffed at him.
“Oh.” Tony couldn't tamp down on the disappointment. He shouldn't be like that, if it was bad enough for Steve to be skipping out on his daily routine. “Nightmares? Do you want to talk about it?”
“I—” He doesn’t know what to say. He’s met her, but always with Tony as a buffer. She’s always been careful with her gestures. Then again, she’s the CEO of a billion-dollar company. Still, she’s simpler to interact with than Tony was. Most everyone is.
Steve was watching him, and Tony decided to hum in approval. The noise made Steve blush, a grin working at the side of his mouth.
It was that note in Tony's voice that Steve couldn't shake off, as his shield sliced through a giant's arm. Even a hide that could withstand the finest smithery Asgard could offer didn't hold up against vibranium, and Steve smeared the handle against his pants, wiping off as much blood as he could.
A rush of gleeful satisfaction went through Steve, that a pretty face didn’t mean anything when it came to performance.
Well, that was—he'd thought about this intently, his ideal scenario. If Steve ever managed to perfect his Ma's stew, then he'd make it and they'd have a lovely candlelit dinner on the roof of the Tower. There was no way his intentions would be misconstrued there. Then they would hold hands and cuddle, and okay, there'd be more than a little necking involved, until Tony took his hand to lead him downstairs.
In conclusion, Rhodey would not approve, from the fraternization angle, even if Tony was a consultant, and even if he was consistently pro-Tony being with people who weren't cowed by him. Usually, they connected on some level.
“Maybe not as many as we think,” Tony said. “But before we get into theoretical physics debate, let's take a look at the schematics for your bridge. I might have some ideas for you.”
Steve blinked at her for a few seconds, before getting up and leaping over the back of the couch to run after Tony.
Not that it mattered that apparently everyone else in the world had kissed Tony. Was this some team-bonding activity that Steve had never been invited to? They were all adults, Steve told himself. It wasn’t a big deal. Even if Sam had never dated in the team before, and he was Steve’s partner. Wasn’t that the sort of thing you told your friends about?
He’ll get a crick like this, Steve tells himself, eyes lingering on the silver in his hair. It makes him look distinguished and approachable at the same time. Maybe if the Snap had never happened, and Tony had continued in the same capacity at Stark Industries, he would have dyed it.
“It’s—” Steve’s throat went dry, and how was he going to tell everyone else if even telling it to one of his closest friends was this hard? “It’s Iron Man. Tony Stark.”
Steve reached the monster at the same time as Tony. They shared a look before Steve took a step forward.
He turns around to find Pepper. Tony’s widow, and no one would know it from seeing her. She’s elegant. Calm in the wake of tragedy, not like Steve, whose veneer always seems a moment’s away from cracking. From what Natasha would tell him, Steve’s act never convinced anyone.
Steve was intensely grateful for whoever it was who had thrown the wrench in this plan, evacuated the town, and tipped off the Avengers. It was all too easy to contemplate the alternatives. Steve had a moment's contemplation of horror; if this town had, on a ordinary weekday afternoon, become teeming with Hydra agents...
“He's been through worse,” Steve answered, and Rogers visibly stiffened. “He…he likes to think of it as he comes out better. Stronger. He told me once, he liked to think of it as Iron Man not just being the armor. Forged from hardship.” Did Rogers know about that part of Tony’s past? Had Tony shared the story of his captivity with him, yet?
It hadn’t hurt when the Avengers had been a team. It hadn’t hurt in the two years after Siberia, when they were a empty husk mostly driven by hope that one day they’d be whole again. Steve wonders why it’s only now, after so much death and destruction, that his body decides that the heartbreak is too much to handle after all, and succumbs to disease.
“I know I sound like a complete bitch, but I’m the new leader of the Ultimates, and I’m trying.” Jan clasped her hands, putting them on the table. “But I need you to talk to me. What the hell do you want me to do, Steve? Let people keep on believing I dumped Hank for you and now we’re married?”
She hoped that sounded supportive enough. It was hard enough for her in the first place, but Tony deserved to not feel alone. That was always one of the roots of his problems. Tony himself was...stock still, with an unreadable expression. He let out a deep breath before turning on her and blinding her with the force of his smile.
“I didn't feel like myself,” Steve mumbled. They'd found him some clothes, and he was sitting on the couch, hands clasped before him. “I don't know how to describe it. I wouldn't remember or care about the same things I would as a human. But I think part of me knew, it wasn't any less real than what I have now. But I lied and took the easy way out, saying they were dreams. I'd wake up properly, and I'd be surrounded with.” His nose wrinkled. “Mostly food, or blankets, or whatever it is I cared about while I'd transformed.”
“Well,” Rogers continued, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. “No reason for a goodbye. I'll be back where you are, soon enough.”
“So? How are we offending Cap’s sensibilities tonight?” Jan asked. She pulled up her legs from the floor to the couch, tucking them to her side. Steve sighed, and Sam clapped him on the back with a smirk.
“I…you’re right. I’m not in the place to tell you how to act during missions.” That’s Sam’s job now, but from the careful way Tony was looking at him, Steve knew that his word still mattered.
People were staring as they walked down the street side-by-side with pedestrian traffic. Tony wondered why this universe's team of superheroes hadn't come to pick them up yet. Multiversal visitors weren't exactly easy to miss.
At some point, a new nurse came in, startling Steve out of his light slumber. Even though the nurse had to lean over Steve to check Tony's bandages (they were clean) and for signs of response to visual and auditory stimuli (Steve had done it himself, earlier), he didn’t ask Steve to move. Tony didn’t stir, either.
“You’re shitting me,” Sam said, glaring at his regular flush like the cards had just revealed themselves to be Skrulls. Steve sympathized, having been cleared out by Tony a few rounds back. He still thought his two-pair was a respectable hand.
Tony moved like he didn’t give a care whether anyone saw. Well, why would he? Richard had seen plenty last night, and Steve’s opinion didn’t matter.
A few minutes later, staring at a blank wall in an empty hallway, Tony heard him. Sure-footed and steady, and Tony brought a hand up to his eyes, wiping away the tears there. Pathetic.
Steve doesn’t know the last time someone’s shown concern for him like this. After Thanos, they’d been so numb and caught up in their own worlds. It should have been him, to check on others, but he’d been so caught up in his own failures. His own heartbreak.
Pepper studies him, before shaking her head and laughing. “This is for good, isn’t it? And to think, I spent over a decade trying to get Tony to do what you’ve decided on. But it’s not like any of us could ever change him. You never met him before Afghanistan, Steve, but none of us could have made him Iron Man. Anything he did was all on him.”
They were going to go to dinner later, and afterward, Steve thought he would test his luck and go on a drive. Nowadays, his luck turned out for the better when it came to coaxing Tony to do something he wanted. Steve found he didn’t want to wait anymore.
Steve saw Tony's feint, and dove forward. Tony froze, eyes wide, and Steve was ready to veer off to spare Tony's face before Tony fell. Steve paused, because he'd made sure not to touch Tony, before his world turned upside down.
Steve takes his sweet time replying. “I returned the Soul Stone to Vormir, and then…” His lips form the next words achingly tender, like they’re precious. “I saw you.”
She sighed, instead, coming up beside Steve. “Why didn’t you? I know we’ve had our disagreements, but I would have been happy for you.”
There were words on the tip of Steve's tongue, but he held them. Not his place, not anymore. The rest of the team had gone silent in the meantime.
Steve's body slowly relaxed, the tension seeping out as Tony smiled at him. Steve was red, and he rubbed his face, before sighing.
Steve thinks back to Avengers PR, and Iron Man having a knack for showing up at children’s hospitals. Of course Tony loves children, when Steve’s never felt entirely comfortable around them and their idolatry. But to Tony, they’re the future he’s working so hard for. Steve loves Tony so much in this moment, he’s momentarily stunned by it.
“You’ve truly become Captain America, threatening to sue there,” Jan said with a smile so thin, it could cut. The diner had gone dead silent, and Steve kept his eyes focused on their table.
Maybe it would have been better to yell. Steve didn’t like to yell, but Tony had a knack for wringing them out of him.
Steve considers, before closing the door behind him. “It doesn’t have to be about you leaving her. Maybe Morgan just wants to see her dad who hasn’t been home in a while, no matter how important things are. Maybe Pepper wants to see her husband.”
Oh God. Don’t tell him he failed Steve too, and that’s why Steve’s here. The whole point of snapping was that only Tony would have to make a sacrifice. Strange told
“Shut up,” Steve said, mouthing at his neck, pressing him into the bed and pushing his hips against Tony’s long, dexterous fingers, making sure Tony was securely beneath him.
Steve wondered if God tired of him, always asking him why things had to be this way. Maybe that was the way He had intended. That Steve was only meant to be loyal to the cause.
, and that thought crashes through the haze of the last few days. Just like Tony himself would have.
“He had a way with words.” Steve can’t stop the smile at Tony’s memory. He doesn’t know if the hole in his heart will ever fully heal, and he’s not prepared for it to. Steve doesn’t have the whole of his heart intact, but he has all the feelings, and that’s enough for him.
They sat in silence, although at least Jan didn’t look at her cell phone while they were doing it. Steve wasn’t sure what room for social niceties there could be, not when his husband was across the street in the hospital, hooked up to more machines than when he was piloting the armor. Jan seemed to have picked that up, as she looked out the window and offered commentary that Steve couldn’t make heads or tails of, on the fashion of the people walking by the window. All Steve saw were low-cut shirts and too-short skirts, but Jan went on about the unflattering hems and cuts and how their money would be better spent at a tailor’s than at a high-end boutique.
“Oh thank god,” Tony said, and Steve went when he rolled them over, and this was a hell of a vantage point. Steve's chest rose and fell as he watched him, and his hair was in danger of falling into his eyes.
Both Clint and Wanda had joined the team after Tony. They’d been barely legal then, not that the founding team were much older (other than Thor), but still. And Tony had gone off into his million-dollar company and then he’d
“I loved you.” Tony shakes his head, laughing at something unseen, and the air is knocked out of Steve.
It would. Even after they’d been married, things hadn’t become idyllic. Not with Tony being Tony, and, he had to admit, not with Steve being Steve.
“Well, to be specific, they said that with my progress, they were hopeful about the longer prospects, which were about five years, yes.”
He’d been here dozens of times before, memorized every framed photo and most of the ones in the photo albums. But again, it was like he was a stranger in here, as Gail tutted around, preparing coffee. Steve didn’t have the heart to tell her that not even months of being married to Tony Stark had made the taste any more palatable.
“Ah, Avengers, it's so good to see you just the way I like you. You thought you were so much better than me, but look who's gotten themselves all tied up!”
Tony rolled his shoulders, raising his face to the ceiling, and, right, Steve had a sick man on his watch.
“Same here,” Steve said breathlessly. “It’s the same here, Tony. I'd rather have you than any other Avenger.”
“Whatever he would have done, it doesn’t matter. Couldn’t have been cured from the moment it began,” Steve whispers.
They settled into a comfortable silence, with Tony tinkering with the armor and Steve reviewing and signing off on mission reports. There was a reason the Maria Stark Foundation audit team adored him.
Natasha tends to say things like that, and Steve doesn’t get it. The way Natasha talks about the two of them gazing into each other’s eyes, or having deep, soulful conversations, it’s not
Steve nodded frantically against his neck, rubbing his cheek across it. Tony brought his arms up, circling around Steve, returning the hug.
But the secret identity had been important to Tony, at least back then, so Steve spoke up. “You don't have to—”
“I'm getting to that point one day,” Tony said, spreading his legs wide. “I've had way too many clothing mishaps in closet rooms, and not the fun kind.” His torso bobbed a little as he attempted to reach his foot. Steve's eyes followed the line of his leg, straight to the center of the V they made, and then looked back up at Tony, who'd been watching him.
What was this? They’d nearly bitten off each other’s heads last night, and here Tony was, outright pleasant, teasing and joking like nothing had happened at all. When—when he had talked to Richard and looked at Steve from over his shoulder, it had felt like he’d been smug with Steve’s anger.
Jan sat back, crossing her arms. “Sorry. I knew, but still didn’t believe that you two were—together. I thought the idea of you two was nuts at first, but I can see it working out.”
Yet Steve hadn't been the gracious host to greet everyone upon entering. No, that had been Vision's job, and he'd delighted in floating up and kissing foreheads all around.
“Let's go, Thunderbolts,” Bucky said over his shoulder. When they walked by, Steve saw a smile flicker over his face.
That fact’s never clearer to Steve than when there’s a video call from Tony to Natasha, of him at the hospital at Pepper’s bedside, a bright red face with its squinted eyes peeking out from the bundle of swaddled cloth. Tony’s beaming. Pepper’s smiling too, a gentler, exhausted one, but Tony is the proudest man in the world. The world’s still capable of beauty, and that’s why Steve’s still here. To protect that.
There were worlds where they weren't superheroes, and worlds where they weren't even human. But a world without the Avengers felt the most impossible.
There’s a prickle at the back of his neck from being watched. When Steve looks over at the kitchen, he can still see fingers gripping the doorframe even if she’d ducked her head fast enough to avoid detection.
Steve's skin tingled, and the hairs on the back of his neck were on end. He considered the situation.
Carol knew Tony well enough that there was no way anything would come out of this without a push, and even then, her chances were slim. But she was his friend, so she wasn't going to let it go.
Steve moaned as Tony licked into his mouth again, and attempted to steer their way to a flat surface. The bedroom was a bit too far, so they stumbled toward the couch.
“The reason we know not to interfere with the past is because it's happened before, Ms. Marvel. But it doesn't mean everyone has learned their lesson.” Sam had calmed down enough to impart wisdom on his teammate.
“The data from your armor seemed quite conclusive. To gather that much evidence for a ruse, and picking a story of that magnitude. It's counter-intuitive.” Reed shook his head. “And I may not have met you before today, but you feel like the type of person I could. I think Johnny would call it intuition.”
He couldn't have kept on watching. It had been difficult enough when they had been in control of the situation, but now, they had been taken off-guard, and one of them was clearly injured.
Steve settled for a wry smile. He would have hoped the man would drop by for a visit every now and then, rather than lurking behind the scenes, especially now that he was back from space.
Tony woke slowly. Maybe it was because he was warm and comfortable, wrapped in blankets on the floor, like he'd been waking up to in the lab the past week. This was the part he couldn't bring himself to tell Steve. Ghosts didn't do this. Who would care about Tony's well-being enough? All he could think of was himself, and even that was a barely. If Tony was doing things without knowing about them, if he was missing bits of his memory...whatever the reason, he was a danger. He couldn't be an Avenger anymore. And Steve would have been furious to know Tony was hiding this from him.
“A Christmas party, here?” Steve pulled a garland from the box with faint disapproval, like he was Captain America, the Grinch, and not Captain America, volunteer Santa at half-a-dozen events that he admitted to, and at least four he'd never fessed up to.
“I can.” He couldn't. “You're going to have to do it. I—I don't have his armor override codes, anymore.” The last time he'd used them was back when they'd just started the new Avengers team. The code he had now, the one Tony had given him after he'd woken up, he never wanted to use.
A mansion, like those radio dramas Steve used to be obsessed with. “What about you?” he asked. “You moving in too?”
In retrospect, the best thing possible happened to Steve in being found by the Avengers. They were a team gathered to fight the foes no single one of them could withstand. He belonged with them, even if he didn't fit in their time. What if he had been found by the government, instead? Could they have had such upstanding motives?
Tony broke the kiss and carefully pushed Steve back, and wow, Steve had brought his knee up onto the desk in his eagerness. Something could be said for all that enthusiasm.
The pain of his disease barely registers. Tony, Tony, Tony, his heart sings, drinking in the unexpected sight. Last time this happened, he’d been prepared. He’d been ready to see him, bracing himself, even if seeing Tony had still taken his breath away. His head swims while his body remains stock-still.
The Audi slows down near him. Steve’s heart is pounding, but he doesn’t feel ready to fight. He feels like he’s looking over the edge of a cliff as the window rolls down.
Steve swayed a bit on his feet. Tony had trusted him with that much, and where did they always end up with each other? He fell to his knees, shifting the armor closer to him.
Before Steve could respond, a loud burst of static cut the conversation short. Steve tried not to frown too deeply. His frown had a markedly different effect after losing the serum.
“Yeah, for sex, not for a place to crash for free. Goodness, what did you expect? A reward for a good lay? He wasn’t bad, maybe a touch too trigger-happy. I’ve had better.”
Regardless, there was a slight flush on Rogers's cheeks. Steve didn't want to keep looking. Had he really been like that around Iron Man?
Which was when several dozen Hydra agents dropped down on them. From the sudden frenzy that broke out over the comms, it was a shared experience.
“Captain, are you proposing someone is pulling Hydra agents out of the timestream and dropping them in Pleasant Hill?” said Vision. “That's inefficient.”
“Okay!” The man scrambled up, turning his camera around. His finger trembled as he pressed the trash icon in front of Steve. “There, see? It’s gone, not going to bother you anymore!”
“Doesn't sound fishy at all, huh. Iron Man and Vision,” Sam called. “Head over and see what you can find. Thor, I want you to maintain a perimeter around the area. Everyone else, we'll cover the exits to town. I want no one getting in
Steve blinks the tears away as he feels Tony shift beside him. They look over the expanse of the destroyed compound, at a waiting Thanos.
Tony laughed with a hint of delight. “Don’t let me scare you away already, we’re just getting started.”
His apartment was far from the Tower where at least a few Avengers roomed. It was late at night, and he would have been getting ready for bed if Tony hadn't shown up. Tony looked—Steve had never seen this look directed at him before, and he felt weak in the knees.
Steve took a deep breath. “It's just like you, to keep this to yourself,” he finally said, and he was hurt, almost at anger, as he should be. “When will you learn that we can do this together?”
Besides, Tony would probably find Steve’s conflicting thoughts about him amusing, wouldn’t he? Steve rubbed his temples. This had been his past week, fantasy-scenarios and conversations played out, with Jan and Thor and Tony and Hank and everything else that’d went wrong. Before, he’d done the same with the plane and Bucky and Gail and every single way that fateful mission in Iceland could have gone.
Rogers huffed. “If that’s how you want to be about it. I suppose that is one thing I have over you then, that I love him more than you.”
Jan ordered herself a salad and sandwich. After taking a look at Steve, she ordered for him as well. Steak and potatoes. So she was feeling charitable today.
“And are we not normal right now?” Tony asked, his brows furrowing. “I thought we were perfectly normal.”
The man’s shirt was untucked and half-open, and the zipper on his pants was similarly undone. Steve averted his eyes quickly, but he hadn’t missed the prominent bulge there, or the reddening marks on his neck and chest, or how how Tony’s hand hadn’t left the man’s waist. Tony’s hand had pushed up his shirt and rested on his hipbone, and it was obscene, how Steve knew exactly how Tony had left the man this way.
Steve had rolled to his feet, catching his shield with a swing of his arm and looking far too proud of himself.
Right. Right. Of course it was about the team, if Tony wasn't working at full capacity because of his insomnia. More importantly, Steve didn't think Tony was crazy. He wouldn't, and isn't that why Tony had told him, and why Tony loved him? The least Tony could do was say yes.
Tony told Steve that Steve wasn’t with him for Thanos, but that wouldn’t have made a lick of difference. Tony doesn’t need them. No, they need Tony. Steve wishes he could tell him that, but he doesn’t want to know what else Tony can throw at him now. The arc reactor is his armor. The arc reactor is his heart. What else is there left for him to give?
It was a timeline, beginning with a happy family with a toddler being held in his father's arms, a birthday party, a day out on the lake. The man was absent in the later photos, of a scrawny little kid in an oversized football uniform, a lanky teenager with a wide, toothy smile, and sometime before high school graduation his body caught up, filling out his football uniform and, later, the graduation gown.
“We all have our own ways of dealing with the superhero-civilian identity divide.” Tony aimed a dazzling smile at Rogers, the sort of which Steve hadn't seen in a while. It didn't work on him anymore was why, Steve thought. He'd gotten too used to Tony and how he could make everything seem so easy.  He was like a breeze of fresh air, soaring without looking down. Once, the thought had taken his breath away. Now, Steve prepared himself to be taken along for the ride.
“You—you were avoiding each other! You didn't even acknowledge each other's presence during that team meeting the other day! And neither of you were talking about it!”
“On stun,” Steve replied, watching from the corner of his eye as Rogers clipped an agent on the chin with his shield.
“It's not your fault.” Steve scowled. “And I ended up making you lose even more sleep with my patrols, and trying to keep out of sight.”
“To be fair, it wasn't supposed to. Do that. With my armor.” Tony spoke up for the first time, eyes still closed. “I'm just going to...pass out for a bit now.”
“I can’t imagine it gets much worse than this,” said Steve, leaning forward to swiftly kiss the knuckles of Tony's fingers.
There was an uneasy flutter in her stomach when she rested her mouth on her fist. She liked to think that she was one of the few people Steve and Tony could confide in. But they'd made it clear that whatever was going on, they didn't want to talk. And okay, Carol could understand that urge, the desire to be left alone and be free from other people's sympathy or worse, pity, but it stung a bit being on the other end of that.
What was there to say to that? Gail had always been kind, and beautiful, but this wasn’t like the Gail he knew to be so mature. Before this point, Steve hadn't given thought to whether the changes in her were for the better. He should have known they always were.
“Forget him. You knew exactly why I brought you up here, and I don’t have the patience to coddle you and your little stint of self-doubt.” Tony pulled on Richard’s hand and, with a last glance at Steve, led him out of sight. Straight to Tony’s bedroom, right—right in front of Steve.
“I’ll ask Pepper to see if she can get into contact with any butlers-slash-bodyguards-slash-personal-secretaries. I kept Jarvis on because he was there since I was a little brat, but I always wanted someone who could put me into a headlock without having a heart attack.” Tony’s smile was strained.
“Um, Don’t tell Thor?” Steve asked. Tony snorted loudly, and that set Steve off into a fit of laughter.
A singular gasp from behind him cuts through the solitary calm. Tony’s heart is pounding when he turns to see who’s here with him at the end of the world.
Tony looked slightly chagrined as he exchanged a glance with Steve. “That's not much of a sampling. Things happen to you a lot. Things happen to everyone a lot. There
The Hydra agents were gone. The three of them were the only people in the street. And Tony wasn't responding.
“It can get tempting,” Tony added. “Sure, by changing the past you're messing with the future, but the change has to be for the better, doesn't it? There are a lot of people we could save. Should have saved.” Tony paused, and no one interrupted. “Anyway, you tell yourself that, it's suddenly much harder to remember, and then we’re all Kang the Conquerors. But no worries, we'll keep a eye on him, Cap.”
“Well, the vomiting and constant complaining of migraines isn’t very attractive to most people. But I would never have imagined it’d do something for Captain America.” Tony blinked slowly at him, and his long, curled eyelashes, like a dame's, framed his sharp, blue eyes. It was a striking contrast, and Steve was reminded of the first time he’d seen a color photograph of Clark Gable, and how it’d been entrancing, how different he could look from the black-and-white films.
Steve frowned at his drink. Really, it shouldn’t have surprised him. Depending on the team, they either got to this point within two questions or ten, but it always ended up at relationships and sex. Tony joked that Steve would have to make a proposal to add a clause to the Avengers charter if he really didn’t want the Avengers to talk about their love lives, and that when your team membership had a statistically unlikely ratio of preternaturally attractive people, these discussions was inevitable. And apparently these very attractive people had more…options for adventure.
She hadn't ever considered Steve Rogers the type of man to stick his tongue halfway down someone else's throat, which was ridiculous. Man had had several long-term girlfriends, but that was different. Different from seeing two of her closest friends having a full-blown make-out session on the kitchen counter, and it easily would have gone past that if where their hands were placed was any indication.
That possibility hadn’t been lost on Steve. An out, perhaps, after getting the surgery, to be with the woman he was in love with.
“You don’t want to be a cheat?” Tony asked. Steve let go of Tony’s hand, only to curled his fingers around Tony’s hips.
“I'm—” Steve paused. “Captain Steve Rogers.” He doubted there was any point in withholding the truth.
Tony laughed, patting Rhodey on the shoulder. He'd given some thought to the team's reactions were this Steve thing to go any further, which was weird, because he hadn't cared about getting anyone's approval since his parents died.
It’s not just food though. Natasha’s hand on his back turns into a tight grip as petal after petal splatters with the red of the tomato sauce.
“Cap?” Tony waves both arms. The afterlife is one thing, but if he’s going to wander around like a ghost the entire time, not being seen, not being known—“Hey!”
at, or if it's something to do with this crazy town, or—” Steve watched as he tried to raise his arms in exasperation and fail.
People did, however, get noticed when they got past several layers of Reed's security systems. Tony had the benefit of working with Reed on the building defenses in their home universe, and while his personal touch was missing here, he understood enough of Reed's mindset to get much further than, he presumed, anyone else did.
“Tony, what are you suggesting?” Steve asked. “I don't belong here. I belong with yo—with the Avengers.
He lifts his other hand, uncurling his fingers to look at the arc reactor again. The light hasn’t given out.
“Damn it,” Steve muttered, before the street shook with footsteps. He looked behind him, watching another ogre take a crack at a tree, before its head turned toward them.
Tony's stomach swooped when their lips met, and he dropped the mistletoe. It itched against the crown of his head, and Steve grumbled when Tony paused to brush it off with his free hand.
“You don't have room to refuse. You're getting sloppy. I can't let you run around town, co-leader of a new Avengers team, when you're barely passing combat room hand-to-hand simulations.”
They were holed up in some counselor's office at the high school. Tony was in the nurse's office, still sleeping. Sam had come to check in on him but had made a quick exit when faced with the prospect of staying around Steve. Steve didn't think he wanted to be in the same room as himself, either. Lucky for him.
They fell back onto the bed, Steve's arms bracketing Tony. Tony took the opportunity to look his fill. Steve's cock bobbed between his legs, and Tony studied it. It was dark and of a fair size. It'd fill Tony up nicely, from either end, although Tony wasn't sure they'd last all the way until there tonight.
They lose it in South Bend, where they set off a fault line when Steve blocks the unibeam with his shield.
The monster was gigantic, a cross between a snake for a head with a tree for its body. When it walked, painstakingly slow, thick roots spread across the street, toppling light poles and turning over cars.
hearing noises at night, when I'm working. Even if I was, I could live with that!” Tony threw his hands up. “But what I can't explain away is how my things are going missing.”
“Maybe I still love him.” It hurt to admit it, but it was nothing compared to the weight lifted off him at the honesty. Maybe it was the toll on his body of losing the serum, but his mind had decided pride was worth less than it used to.
“You obviously thought it was a good idea since you have the Avengers.” Sue nodded at Reed. “We'll just need a leader. If either of you could have stuck around for longer, I'd ask you for advice, to help us out.”
“Why would you want one?” Steve sat up, realizing that it wasn’t coincidence that had made Jan choose a public location, rather than coming to the mansion in the first place.
If the media found out about Tony’s cancer, they would twist their marriage into every single version of Tony's fears. That Steve felt pity for him and wanted him to not be alone, that he had a duty. Steve had watched many soldiers die alone in the world, but he hadn’t given himself to them, put his whole heart in their hands.
Because life’s just like that, Tony’s outside with his daughter—Morgan—when they pull up into the driveway. Tony doesn’t look happy, and his daughter reflects his expression. God, she’s the spitting image of her father.
And there they had it. Tony was getting all good and sentimental in his retiree life. And to think, he wanted to throw the holiday party here to raise everyone else's spirits.
Tony had never been out to Steve's apartment before. They saw each other often enough at the Tower, where Steve was starting to spend more and more of his nights. Not to mention how many dates—or what Steve liked to think of as dates, because Tony never made any indication he noticed—they'd been on.
Rogers hesitated for an instant. “I didn't realize I had ended up so far into the future.” His voice betrayed his steadfast confidence, brittle on the final word. “Especially since there's been speculation that my aging would be delayed.”
Hearing his name from Tony, whose eyes are sparkling, and whose face is so close… Steve swallows, and brings a fist to cover his mouth.
“Before,” Steve said, “they said you had five years.” It had seemed like an eternity to Steve before, when they’d only been together for a few months, but now it made his heart miss several beats.
Tony was slow to relax his shoulders, and it was a more vulnerable moment than when he’d found Tony vomiting into his toilet.
“Well, let’s get mad at Thor first, before letting others get mad at us,” Jan snapped. “Meet at the coordinates.”
Steve wonders what went differently there. He wonders what in that other branch is capable of changing him.
“No, I love you, as in I need you. Steve. I told you that once, but only when I was so angry with you, with myself, that I might have rather died. The whole world, the entire universe, went to shit, and these last five years have been picking up the pieces. Finding those little bits of happiness that I thought was impossible. And I love my family, Steve, and they’ve made me happier than I ever dared dreamed. And us doing this, together? If you have to see this, then just know, that this here? Is another piece of happiness that I never thought I could have.” Tony raises an eyebrow. “If…if we both make it back, then I’m wiping this, first thing I get. Because now I’ve said it, I don’t want you to feel like you have something to make up to me. Because to have known you and loved you was worth it.”
Rogers was staring at Tony, dumbstruck. The voice modulation had vastly changed over the years. Tony's voice was now clearer and distinctly
“I suppose whatever Manhattan this is doesn't have an Iron Man or Captain America,” Tony tried as they stared at the door.
Steve's face was turned all the way into the bedspread, with a single eye watching Tony. It was a bit eerie, and Tony grew hot around the collar.
“Okay then. Hi, Tony,” Rogers said, and Steve hoped Tony couldn't hear the daze in his voice. “I assumed being in this business aged people faster.”
Tony Stark had given his life to save an entire universe. But right here, right now, Steve can’t stop crying because in the end, Tony also saved him.
No, Steve didn't want normal. He just wanted Tony back, and the Avengers back. It had always felt the most right with the two of them.
Tony let out a sound like a tea kettle going off, which was quickly cut off by the creak of a rusty door opening. An inhuman silhouette stood in the doorway, obscured by the light, and stepped forward.
The ogre howled, stumbling forward, and Steve fell to the ground, feeling his shoulder give out when he smashed into the street.
He's warm, but Steve is warmer. His breath huffs against Tony's skin. Tony has longer hair, long enough for this Steve to tangle his fingers through the strands. Tony has – well, this Tony has breasts, small enough to flatten against Steve when he squeezes him. The Steve here chuckles and wipes the tears from Tony's eyes when he starts crying, and when that doesn't stop them, presses his lips against Tony's eyelids.
“Carol!” Steve didn't seem to know where to put his hands, hovering as they were still over Tony's body. Tony's eyes softened as he gently pushed Steve's hands down by his sides. That gentleness— where had
He sat on his haunches, satisfied at his work. Here, it was easier to keep watch. He leaned forward to rest his snout on his paws, staring intently at the man whose breath deepened as he nuzzled deeper into his covers. Warm contentment sank into his fur, like sunlight before a nap.
“Well, that's a bit mean to Thor. And T'Challa is the chairman now, so maybe we shouldn't bother Tony.”
“I passed the shield on,” Steve blurts when she holds him at arms-length, checking him over. “I’m retiring from the Avengers and Captain America.”
Steve could spend the rest of his life holding hands with Tony, but people’s interests weren’t held by things that lasted. Which would just make their story even more riveting, wouldn’t it?
“Well, either you’re going to have to live with me bringing people home for sex, or you can take that offer to sleep with me.”
The team drifts apart, turn-by-turn. Carol, Nebula, and Rocket return to space. Rhodey’s needed by the government. Bruce disappears. Thor wanders off. Then it’s Steve and Natasha left, and when Natasha turns to him, talking about aiding relief efforts, the itch in Steve’s throat is unbearable, and he rubs at it with his fingers. Natasha’s expression smooths out with a slight nod and reluctant acceptance.
“Is that, oh fuck, that’s Thor, isn’t it?” the man said, and Steve’s eyes remained fixed on the television screen.
“But, I’m not as selfless as Tony, so I won’t condescend you by actually apologizing when I don’t mean it.”
“I would hazard a negative, Spider-Man,” replied Vision. “The plan should have been to displace the town's population all at once. Luckily, the preemptive evacuation of the town prevented such a course of action. Now, they have to be pulled through manually instead of all at once.”
“There haven't been any Hydra thrown at us in a while,” Tony tried. “They can't be causing that great a stir.
Tony turned heel, aware that Steve was watching his every step, and very aware of how well these pants showed off his ass. But mostly, he was aware of just how much alone time in his office he could squeeze in before his meeting this afternoon.
“Just wedge it in and go?” he asked, and Steve shook his head. He ran his fingers over the armor, his fingers suddenly too sensitive against the cool metal, until he felt a familiar outline. At least Tony's armor hadn't changed this much.
Tony cleared his throat. “Anyway, I have to get back to the city. Meetings, you know how it is. Get Vision to help you out with the rest of the decorating. JARVIS always liked Christmas, so I'm sure...and Vision even matches the color scheme!” He backed up, waving a hand. “I'll see you around, yes?”
“It won't be as entertaining without you,” Tony quoted into their private comm, and then Steve was grinning so hard his cheeks hurt. He squeezed off a few more shots, watching the targets crumble over. The gun still felt like it didn't fit right, but by now Steve knew it never would. No reason to complain when they were being swarmed.
Just another reason to not think about it. Steve had heard the rumors about Tony's open preferences, everyone had, but there were so many other rumors about Tony, many of which Steve had debunked himself.
“Would you commit to that?” Steve asked. His heart was racing, but deep down, a part of him knew. There was a calmness within him, that feeling that never wavered, whether it was standing up to Thanos, or Galactus, or Kang, or even more importantly, making a leap he should have done years ago. “Making sure everyone else loses to me?”
“They're responsible for...the creation of the universe. Of a sort.” Steve's eyebrows knitted. “Of our universe.”
There was an abrupt spasm, and when he'd found the breath, Tony coughed again. Steve was quick to guide his face with his hand so that he was blinking up at him.
Steve looks up at Tony, but he’s just been shaken awake, and his body decides it’s had enough of lack of air, and once he starts, the coughing doesn’t stop.
So much for keeping him out of the know. Steve could just imagine how his past self wouldn't be able to leave well enough alone when he went back to the past, and had a moment of pity for the past Iron Man.
For the first time, Steve saw his counterpart break into a wide smile. “Well, then I'm glad to see you're still in business, Shellhead.”
“I'm less surprised than I thought I'd be,” she said. “I'm grateful, though, that in another world my son is happy.” She looked at Tony and smiled. Tony wished she could have hated him. “I'm so happy I could meet you,” she said, and she reached out and touched her fingertips to Steve's cheeks. “If you find a way back to your world, come say goodbye first, okay? I'll have your favorite stew waiting for you.”
“Stark?” Every room he peeked into was empty and untouched, thin films of dust covering side tables and kitchen counters. In his previous visits, he hadn’t ventured further than the living room, dining room, and kitchen. After a moment’s hesitation, headed to Tony’s bedroom.
Tony would hate this, and that was what it’d take, right? Steve’s husband didn’t take hating things very well. He’d put on his armor, whether it was the Iron Man or a business suit, and head out to face his own battle. He wasn’t afraid of much, and some of it was arrogance and most of it was pride, but what made Steve fall in love with him was the heart underneath.
Rogers would probably go back to his own time determined to fall in love with Tony properly, just to prove Steve wrong. It wasn't like it was a hard thing to do. The most difficult part was what to do with feelings for someone that couldn't be returned. Steve had grown up wanting things he never had—he couldn't imagine wanting even more of that for himself.
“Hey,” Steve said back, and leaned his face back, expectant. Tony kissed him obligingly, before sitting down on the couch beside Steve.
“Take that off,” Steve muttered, reaching up and trying to pull Tony's shirt up. Tony let him, watching Steve's gaze sweep up his torso as his chest was exposed. The shirt dropped to the floor, and Steve was edging him back.
“While on the topic, I was thinking,” Tony started slowly, “about us two, going public with our marriage.”
Rogers was smiling shyly at him, like he was proud of Steve. How could Steve tell him he shouldn't be? How could he explain the rift that'd grown between him and Tony? It would take years for his counterpart to understand. Steve didn't know if he wanted him to understand. Back then, any disagreement was quickly smoothed over, and Steve had clung to that memory so many times.
“It was very stupid,” Clint sighed. “We were arguing, back when we were in LA. But well, he helped get me on the team, so I figured I couldn’t punch him. So, I kissed him. Like a really dumb game of gay chicken.”
“I want to get you on the ground.” Steve felt the heat rise on his cheeks the instant he heard the words from his mouth. From Tony's smirk, Steve's slip of the tongue hadn't gone unnoticed.
“I thought so. So, it’s tell people we’re not an item anymore, and then send them out digging through every marriage court in the city? What I don’t get,” Jan said, leaning back, “is why you kept it a secret in the first place. It would have been a whirlwind, but better than the effort to keep it hidden. And how you got Tony to agree to it. He was going to have the wedding of the millennium a few months ago. And in the end, you only had one witness.”
Tony sighed. “I think so. I’m imagining a lovely, vintage red wine, and my mind isn’t revolting at the idea, so I think that spell’s over.”
The arc reactor in the palm of Steve’s hand might be heavier than the weight on his shoulders after failing the universe. It’s a cruel comparison, but there’s a wall erected in his mind, circling around the facts of the matter. Thanos won, Thanos used the Stones, and half of the universe was snapped out of existence. Steve hasn’t even scaled the mental barrier of waking up in the future yet. He doesn’t know how long it’ll take to accept this.
It's a stupid, simple, impossible solution. In another world, he was lovable. The failure he is, he'd never achieved that in this lifetime.
There's nothing left to hide anymore. There's no mask to wear, and it only confirms what Tony'd known from the moment Steve had woken up the first time. There was never any part of Tony Stark worthy of being seen by Steve Rogers.
Rogers barked out laughter, but then the smile spread over his face as he took in the meaning. Steve found himself mirroring the same happiness. Steve would have to find his own way home, himself.
“Well, there's one shared experience we have there,” Sue said with a laugh, as she went over next to her husband.
He was a font of knowledge, and only time could tell whether that was intimidating or fascinating. So far, Steve had found that, in short doses, Tony could be quite tolerable. And Tony felt likewise. At some point they'd progressed from a respectful distance standing behind the couch to make his crude jokes to collapsing onto it to complain about Steve's life choices. The relative silences between them grew longer and less awkward. It seemed that at some point, Tony had given up the act around Steve, and contrary to what Tony would say, that didn’t make him any less interesting. Normally, Steve would find this whole affair irritating, but it’d become a subject of deep curiosity, to figure out how to push and pull with Tony, who had much more patience for him than anyone else in the future. Steve was quite ready to be of interest to someone for a reason other than what science had done to him.
Steve dove underneath her, and that was the worst thing about sparring indoors. There was only so much maneuverability you had in an enclosed space when you were in the air, and that meant that the blind spot beneath Carol was even more pronounced.
Wasn't that how Steve viewed the future in the first place? And there was his mother, and an entire team that was out there, waiting for him to recruit and lead them.
When Steve entered, he raised his head, nostrils flaring as he breathed in. Tony tried sniffing at the air too. He didn't smell anything off, but maybe Steve was picking up tricks from Logan. When he looked back, Steve was settling himself on the couch with a tablet. Steve shot him a reassuring smile.
“But you care so much now, about other people knowing. Why? Did you mean it, or did you just feel sorry for me, when you said yes?” Steve asked him. Or was Tony using him, but he didn't even want to voice that possibility aloud.
“Right, right.” Tony patted his palms on his thighs before rubbing the muscles there. “Go on, then.”
Oh no. Tony. Steve's eyes widened. He only took the second to pick up his shield before he sprinted out, on a beeline straight for Avengers Tower where Tony would be getting a nighttime visitor any moment.
He’d been young and fresh out of the ice. He’d latched onto anything that could make it more bearable. Tony had affected him so much, back then. Now…Steve didn't like someone having that much power over him.
He hadn’t left the penthouse all day, and there was a company gym on the lower floors. He’d scared the living daylights out of the employees there the one time he’d gone and broken most of their sub-par equipment. He couldn't tell if Tony had been displeased or not at the time. He hoped he was this time.
She’s as beautiful as he remembers. Maybe even more beautiful, as the head of SHIELD, a reassurance of her place in the world that she fought so hard to attain. The fierceness and defiance isn’t as prominent, but she’s assured of herself and has as high expectations for her world as she does for herself.
Steve took his hand, and Tony took the frame, and looking at it, flipped it so that the photo was against the wall.
“They're years-past-expiry Hydra agents,” Tony added in reassurance. “Practically the PeeWee's Playhouse version of our training simulators.”
Tony refuses to see any other worlds. He spends the rest of the evening taking out the bottles beneath his sink. The bottles are lined up in a perfect row, his last symbol of control over his life. Tony thinks he loses when he smashes one on the floor, smells the intoxicating stench of cheap whiskey flood his senses and seep into his carpet. He curls up, face smashed into the rug, and weeps, the booze running up his nose, mixing with the taste of salt and nearly choking him
Tony's face felt hot, but he wouldn't trade that for the gratification of being watched as he returned to work. After some much-needed adjustments to the flight stabilizers, his little moment of triumph quickly turned into a large yawn..
“Ten years ago for me, I couldn’t have even imagined superheroes existed.” Rogers shrugged a shoulder. “If anything, I'm just glad the Avengers are still around.”
Steve was tired of logic and practicality. He wanted to believe in a world where teammates meant a bond forged in blood and Ultimates fought more than themselves. He wanted to believe in the same future Tony saw.
Steve jerked back in his chair, stunned by the impact. It was like the ice, creeping up his neck. He hated Tony like this. Being cruel didn’t suit him.
That was too far a thought. Really, the man was trying to drink his misery away, and here Steve stood, contemplating the idea of his unhappiness. It seemed, sometimes, that the only emotion Tony didn't fake was his anger. Steve didn't understand him. From the way that Tony had explained his cancer and impending death, with a light air and a lighter, daring smile, he didn’t want to understand him.
“I'm all up for that. I am up for nothing else but that, after that much foreplay. I both admire and resent your control, Steve.”
“This little change isn’t natural. You'll…meet your fair share of villains,” Steve finally offered in explanation, which didn't seem to placate Rogers. “Speaking of which, stunts like what you just pulled would get you killed. You should already know you'll never get away with any hesitation in a fight, no matter what they look like.”
Tony's eyes were sharp and curious. “So”—his voice was hoarse—“that really was you, this whole time, wasn't it? Talking to me?”
There were, after all, plenty of framed photographs for display along the walls and across shelves. Most of them were of Sarah and her son. Not snooping, but definitely an invasion of privacy.
“Steve, are you sure about this?” Natasha asks for the umpteeth time, and Steve’s grip on the steering wheel tightens.
It wasn’t that Steve didn’t want to. In fact, it still alarmed him how much he could want Tony, how even the deepest satiation lasted for only so long, and made him crave touch even more when it was over.
“But who am I to refuse another Captain America training course?” Tony asked when he switched sides. “I thought that was a once-in-a-lifetime sort of deal.”
“Mistletoe,” he said when they parted, and Rhodey had definitely had his own share of drinks, Mr. Off-Duty and all, because he grinned at Tony.
Steve closes his eyes and brings the arc reactor in close, next to his chest. There’s an itchiness in his throat, and Steve thumps his chest as he coughs. The uncomfortable prickling grows, and Steve heaves another dry cough, resorting to gripping his throat as he feels whatever it is begin to dislodge.
Everyone had been delighted tonight. Even Wanda, where there'd been some worry about her reaction to the Frankenstein's monster of American commercialism, had seemed to enjoy the universal enjoyments of good food and drink.
“I’m not an invalid, give me that,” he muttered, downing it fast enough Steve feared it would all come right back up. For a moment, it appeared that Tony had the same thought, making an ugly, wholly un-Tony-Stark expression at the glass, before holding it out to Steve. Steve took it and refilled it, although this time he kept a careful watch on how fast Tony drank it. Tony swirled it around in his mouth, before turning and spitting it into the toilet.
Steve shook his head. “It’s not just that. Even…even if—when he wakes up. He has a tumor. In his brain. They can’t operate on it.”
“Get those off now,” Tony muttered, snapping the band of Steve’s underwear. “Faster. What the hell is that super soldier serum good for?”
He was still smiling. Tony should break all the news to him when he was drunk, this was much better than assessing looks and careful questioning.
them? They were founders, really, they should be better than that. Even if supposedly the founders had no compunctions about doing anything with each other, except when it left out Steve.
He jerked back and rolled before he could get cleaved in half, not letting himself stop and fully expecting to be forced to. His opponent didn't pursue, meaning they were holding back. Wrong move. Steve leapt back to his feet, drawing his gun out of its holster in the same motion. The man froze for a split second as their eyes met, and Steve's first shot hit his left shoulder. That didn't stop the man from deflecting the rest of the shots.
“Learn what? Kept an eye out for...what, exactly?” Steve stared at Rogers, who suddenly couldn't meet his eyes.
“Not anything,” Steve says quickly, and then feels like a small, horrible person. How could he complain about not being loved enough, when he’s talking to the love of Tony’s life? “I’m sorry,” he tries again, sounding like a broken record.
“They have no coordination,” Sam added. “They're fighting like they don't even realize there are others around. And one asked me where the real Captain America was, and who’d let someone like me wear these colors. He took a dive into the deep end of the community pool for that one.”
he could have noticed were between Steve and Tony, Steve reckoned he'd rather his counterpart not elaborate. “But you have a good team, and—” he paused. His eyes darted to the wall behind Steve. His Adam's apple bobbled as it swallowed. If it had been anyone but Steve watching him, they probably wouldn't have noticed Rogers was trying to tell him something out that was very, very difficult to say.
Their foreheads fall against each other. Tony watches as a tear rolls down Steve’s cheek. Tony’s allowed to brush it away.
“Because you'd worry, love, and retreat inside your beautiful head. But you know, I had to get the legal team together, so why shouldn't you know? It’s progressed,” Tony told him flatly, tapping the side of his head. “The tumor. Faster than the doctors expected, even. They told me to update my will, although of course I did that before we were even married, and again after we signed the papers. Started the process of doing it again, this afternoon.”
“They shouldn’t be harassing people who are minding their own business,” Steve said shortly as Jan turned the screen at him. He saw himself straddling the kid from the diner, and grunted.
Steve felt like he’d been dropped on the floor with how his head spun. He mashed his nose below Tony’s belly button and pressed closer, although it was likely physically possible by now.
. The wolf was massive, bigger than any other wolf Tony had seen. It was beautiful too, with golden fur and a powerful, lithe body. Tony didn't doubt it could clear the space between them with a single leap. An alpha male, if he'd ever seen one.
“Sorry, I didn't...know there'd be so much,” Steve mumbled. He wiped his chin, where come was still dribbling. Jesus, he'd marked Steve Rogers like that.
On the bench, Tony was less aware of Steve and his eyes than before, resting his elbows on his knees, head hanging low, but nodded at Steve's approval.
The door to the room was shut. Steve readied himself, fist raised to knock, and heard a noise. The muffled sound came again, putting Steve on edge. His hands went to his belt as he crouched down, keen for any sign of struggle as he double-checked for the gun strapped to his back.
Reed's fingers flew over the keyboard. “There's no one with that name either, as far as I can tell. Perhaps there were different marriages, a break in the timestream generations back, and neither of your parents were ever born. This is fascinating.” His eyes were bright. “Please, tell me more about your other teammates?”
Steve stood up, sighing. “I'm sorry, but I think it's about time we contact the Reed Richards of this world.”
After the group finishes, Steve lingers, hands clasped between his knees. The counselor, a man named Jacob, had sat down next to him, asking if there was anything Steve wanted to share personally. Steve coughs, fist closed over his mouth like he’d grown used to in order to avoid the mess.
“What the hell?” Tony said, rubbing his fingers over Steve’s crotch again. “You were packing that and you didn’t jump my bones before this?”
That was a new one, and Steve didn’t know if he liked the disclosure of team fraternization for…for sport.
Steve stared at him, unblinking. He half-expected Tony to break into a grin, talk about how stupid Steve’s face looked, and then Steve would have to punch him, for making such an awful joke. Worse, Tony looked gentle, like it was Steve who needed comfort.
“Tony’s a goddamn idiot.” And he was just as loyal back. Steve knew, even when he could barely take Tony seriously, that he was a teammate that he could trust his life to. There was an intensity in Tony that burned like a fire, unending, that Tony took for granted, like so many other things he had. It wasn’t something that was allowed to just go out.
Her voice goes hoarse, and she glances away. They’ve spent half the afternoon together, but her eyes are still red-rimmed. How many tears did someone have to shed, for that to become their default look?
There wasn't any reason to fault him for it. This Steve Rogers was young. There will be so many people for him in his future – Sharon will mean something more, much more than his initial half-delusional fumbling soon, and Rachel, and Bernie, and Connie (
“Like anyone needs you to pay them to come here,” Steve said. Tony laughed, before he shuddered and scrambled for the toilet bowl. By this point, there was nothing but stomach acid. Tony tried a few times for the toilet handle to flush, and he leaned his forehead against the porcelain, panting. Steve reached out, pressing his fingers to the back of Tony’s neck. He was cold and clammy, and shook his head weakly at Steve's touch.
Tony ripped the paper off, tossing it to the side, and of course Steve leaned down to pick up the pieces. Tony watched him from the corner of his eye, because Steve had on another ridiculously tight shirt. If you reached out, you could stroke a finger right between his pecs.
After he'd manually removed the armor and left it in the bedroom, Tony took the opportunity to peer through the living room. It wasn't snooping, he told himself, as the noise of dishes clattering and chattering drifted from the kitchen.
“Darling.” Tony grinned at him. “You’re early. I thought I scheduled for the escort service to arrive here at dinner.”
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but didn't know what he could say that wouldn't give him away, and left it hanging. Tony's eyes dipped down to Steve's mouth. Oh god, Steve hoped he hadn't looked like that when he'd been staring at Tony's mouth earlier because it was pouring oil on the fire.
There’s a jolt in his side, and Steve wakes up. He tries to gasp, but the blockage in his throat won’t let him, leaving him gasping for breath.
The thought of Tony being gone terrified him, and who knew when it could happen. He could easily collapse one day, and that would be it. Steve didn't want the public to always see them with a countdown timer ticking down over their heads. The world had already taken away so much from him—the least it could leave him with was time
A Hydra agent got a lucky shot, veering Rogers's shield off-course with a bullet. Rogers flinched and blocked a punch with his forearm instead of weaving away. Tony zipped down, catching the shield and hurling it back. Rogers hammered the next few people in his path with the shield, until the rest crowded around him a distance away. Tony looked over at Rogers before blasting the Hydra at a distance.
Tony could tell the force that he struck the wall with, the cracks he must be making in the lab on the other side, even though he could feel none of it through this side.
When Tony kissed him the first time, he came in open-mouthed and wet. Steve came out of it sans shirt and with a newfound addiction to the taste of wine.
Tony wasn't sure how much time had passed the next time he glanced over to Steve. Steve had forgone the tablet in favor of studying Tony. When he noticed, he startled, glancing back at his tablet that was face-down on his lap.
Before Thanos, he might have tried a bar, one of the few places a single man would have been found and left alone, drowning out his sorrows. After Thanos, no one bats an eye at another run-down man reflecting the state of their world. There’s only so much the heart can take, and in these times, people reach to their few loved ones remaining, or to the people whose desperate loneliness drive them to band together with anyone for basic human companionship. Those people who aren’t willing to be helped are the ones who fall through the cracks.
“Ma,” Steve said, and his voice broke. He glanced down, blinking hard, breathing heavily by now. She shushed him.
“I still don't see why that part's so important,” Tony grumbled as they worked on their stretches on the floor. Then he grinned. “Old man.”
“What's with all this racket back here!?” The door next to them opened, and a middle-aged man in an apron glared at them.
“I won’t need them,” Steve said. “Save them for Tony, for being stupid enough to pull that maneuver yesterday.”
“That is a possibility, that Stark's absence, as your team's benefactor, precluded the Avengers from being formed,” Reed said, his head next to them while the rest of his body remained at his work station.
“He’s got a point though,” Tony said, after the rest of the two teams had cleared out. “We did good today. We should be proud.”
“I’m returning the stones,” Steve finally says. His voice is quieter than Tony’s used to. “Just like Bruce said we had to after undoing the Snap.”
He sat up, his vision tunneling. “Isn't just us, enough?” he asked. “We don't need other people to tell us what we're doing is right.”
Tony jumped, eyes snapping back to Steve's face, and Steve noted that his flush went down his neck. “Um, you don't keep anything sharp on you?”
“I’m sorry, man, they’re big and blond, and no one can tell the difference when they’re wearing those stupid helmets.”
“Friend,” Steve amended. His heart picked up, and he tested the word again silently, liking the way it felt. “I wouldn’t do this for Scarlet Witch or Quicksilver,” he quickly added.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Sam is going to chew me out for what I did today, but it worked out, didn’t it?”
When he’s done, he shucks the damned burning leather jacket and wipes his forehead with the back of his head. Second chances, huh? Steve knows, that whatever and however many chances he’s had with Tony, they’re all wasted now.
Miss Potts had informed him Tony was home. Maybe Tony forgot he was alone now, and thus, responsibility for greeting his visitors fell to him. Maybe Tony flooded his head with booze and had forgotten most things.
“We're not as far out as you think. I've only been out of the ice for just over a decade.” Let him make some sense of that.
Tony makes to leave, and Steve can’t see him go. He grabs onto his elbow, and a surge of electricity runs through him. Tony looks at him with wide eyes. Steve wonders if he feels it too. It overrides everything else, the suffocating feeling that threatens to take over every second he spends here. He feels alive, vitalized. His throat is protesting, but he manages to keep his voice even.
Tony set his mug down, rummaging through the cupboards for a bowl. “Can’t believe it,” he muttered. “I thought you knew me better by now. You think I let just anyone stay here?”
“That’s my childhood home, there. Oh, the countless memories of Greg and dear old Dad. Mm, there’s a reason I beat it the moment I could.”
“I think, uh.” Steve coughed loudly. “There's nothing to discuss about me and Tony. We're fine as always. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to discuss some SHIELD matters. Duty calls.”
He looked at a portrait of one of the past principals, an elderly bespectacled woman with sharp eyes. “So, your feelings for Tony.” Steve felt stupid the moment he said it, but that hadn’t stopped the words from coming out.
Because yes, Steve wanted to be on the same team as Tony again. He wanted things to go back to normal, and it's been so long that he didn't know what
“There's a reason I'm support nowadays,” Steve said, clipping an agent in the head. “I'm not meant for ground combat like this. And neither are you.
Tony threw the covers off, getting to his feet, when he heard something clatter to the floor. He spun around.
Peter described his spider-sense as sirens going off under his skin, rather than his ears. Tony didn't know if he could call this that. There was something else in the room with him, but...he didn't know how to describe how he knew. He sighed, turned around.
“It’s fine, Steve. We’re Avengers. Making fun of our near-death experiences is part of the job description.”
The most recent photograph was Steve Rogers in an Army uniform with a fellow soldier. The soldier was beaming at the camera, but Steve had eyes for nothing but his friend, a small, tender smile on his face. It was too intimate for someone like Tony to gaze upon. He felt like a terrible person.
Rogers was glancing between the two of them, brows furrowed. Steve only noticed because he couldn't bear to look at Tony. He couldn't imagine what his own face must have looked like.
“Can you come more than once? How many times can you come, with that sexy super-soldier serum? You...yeah, you need to try it all out, cock and ass and nipples too, if you're that sensitive you'll love anything, won't you?”
Steve put his own hands over Tony’s, and through their shared touch, could feel the smile that wanted to split open his own face.
a voice that sounds like Natasha urges. It’s on his lips. Just three words. But Tony doesn’t love him back, and Steve doesn’t know how he can hide from Tony that there’s no curing his illness, whether they bring everyone back or not.
Steve sighed and put his head down on Tony’s shoulder. “This is definitely not what training's supposed to be like.”
No response came, and Steve swallowed the lump in his throat. Of course Tony would have updated his codes. Probably only Pepper or Rhodes could open it now. Steve had lost that privilege long ago.
“Be proper, they're holiday parties now. And why not? You live here now, why not break the place in a bit?” Tony waved his hand at Steve's office, which hadn't changed from the initial floor plan, months after the Avengers had moved into the complex upstate.
Steve accepts the water in the end, but it goes down the wrong pipe and he spits it all over the ground. He’s heaving now, and he can feel the roots taking shape in his chest, the petals opening, eager to bask in Tony’s proximity, his body that’s so close to Steve that every single part of the flower reaches toward him, like they’re growing toward the light.
Tony grinned at her, eyes sparkling and a blush forming on his cheeks. Carol sighed, patting his arm.
What might have been even stranger was Tony's reaction, standing statue-still as Steve moved past him. He made eye contact with Carol, and apparently her incredulity didn't register with him as he headed for coffee.
Right now, Carol wasn't even capable of that. There was a scramble, and a chair fell over, but there was no missing what she'd just witnessed.
“Tony,” Steve said, and he pressed his head into Tony's shoulder, pushing him a bit back, like he was trying to ground himself, letting go and running his hands up and down Tony's side.
Rogers looked sharply at him, but Steve didn't need his judgment to add to the anguish. “We'll need to use your shield.”
of shape, but now that Steve was deserumed and his body matched his years, he’d never be anyone’s first choice to call into the field.
By the time Tony gathered himself enough to remember to respond, Steve was already walking out of the elevator into the common area of the Baxter Building.
Steve hung his head, slowly pushing his hips against Tony’s fingers that were too insistent, almost sharp with the sensation. “I didn’t know if you could make it worth my while.”
“You really dragged me away from Tony to tell me this?” Steve saw how Jan sat up straight, her attention on him. He should have felt like garbage, knowing he was scaring her, but he hadn’t felt much better to begin with today.
Steve, accompanied by this world's Susan Richards, was soon back to check in on them. After they shared their findings with him, he hummed, kneading his forehead with his hand.
Steve's arms were suspended above his head, wrists locked in place by metal rings bolted to the wall. He tested the give, and nothing gave way.
And that was why he no longer carried the shield. He wasn't cut out for this sort of thing anymore. Anyone who had been through Steve’s regimen would never be
“I haven’t been in that shithole for a while. I’ve been living with Jan,” Steve said and swallowed down his guilt at living in sin. Even if Tony was the last person who would ever judge him for it. “But we…aren’t together anymore.”
They both sat up, and Steve helped Tony to his feet. Tony sent his armor away, before turning to Steve.
“Not a good change of topic, okay. You're welcome to a plus one, of course, sneak her in under the mistletoe,” Tony said, knowing it wasn't what Steve wanted to hear.
He reached out, and it was like the wall receded before his touch. It filled in the tear between universes, and Steve was panicking, pressing his palm flat to the wall, banging with his other hand.
Doc Ock fizzled away with a small flash of rainbow light. The rough dungeon walls shifted into smooth metal, and the air turned sterile. Steve's arms were suddenly freed, and he tested his wrists.
Their faces were inches away. One forearm was across Tony's neck and shoulder, and the other was holding an elbow down, rendering Tony's arms useless. His knees were secure against Tony's thighs, spreading Tony underneath him. His skin dug against Tony's. He'd never given much thought to how much skin pressed against skin to keep a hold.
She just sits next to him, in silence, before curling her hand around his shoulder. He turns, and buries his face into the crook of her neck. He wills himself not to give into the itch in his throat. That’d be distasteful. Natasha wouldn’t mind, but Steve would.
“I am happy.” How could he say otherwise? He was happy with Tony's easy, silly delight. He was happy with the casual intimacy, how Steve's skin, like stone to the rest of the world, could be a comfort to Tony. He was happy with how the simplest and most complex of things were fascinating to Tony, and that was just what made Steve perfect, Tony would say, even when Steve didn't believe him.
“Ah.” His counterpart was doing an admirable job of keeping an unaffected face, but Steve knew what to look for.
Tony’s eyes softened. “Of course not. You’re just privileged enough for me to not kick you out for trying. You’re a good teammate, though.”
“Tony.” Steve's voice was stern. Usually his admonishment was thinly-veiled amusement, but Tony's insistence had left his face flushed.
“Oof!” But she'd managed to make it in time, the rush of air above her ruffling her hair but otherwise unscathed.
Tony stepped over the threshold, eyes scanning over the room, seeming to approve of what he saw of the secondhand furniture, used books, and assorted knick-knacks. Until Tony turned around, and his appreciation for Steve's collections was nothing compared to what he saw in Steve. His eyes swept down Steve's body, lingering for an inordinate amount of time on his crotch.
“How are you even real?” Tony muttered, sighing as Steve stroked his thumbs over the back of his hand.
Steve watched him go to the coffee maker, noting the slight limp. He looked down when juice squirted on his fingers, the apple nearly crushed between his fingers.
, Steve thinks, watching the side of Tony’s face. His throat constricts, like his body is physically fighting the idea of it. He wants it to, to fight for one of the few things that makes sense to him in this world.
Tony gave him a strange look, bringing the mug to his lips. Steve could imagine it now, Richard walking in here soon, neither of their morning problems having been taken care of yet. The way they were pawing at each other, he was sure that last night they would have gone at it on the very couch Steve had been sitting on if he weren't there.
Tony hadn’t been there that day, though, and Tony’s here now. They’re together and that makes all the difference.
Tony’s grin faltered. “I’ve said as much before, haven’t I? If I had to leave this whole thing behind, there’s no one I’d miss more than you.”
Tony brushed off the rejection surprisingly easily, and they spent the next hour working on sweeps. By the time Tony had shed his hesitation, was regularly getting Steve off his feet, Steve was satisfied with his progress and told him so.
Steve’s focused on Tony though, and the part of him that isn’t in pain is singing at the sight. He’s visibly older. Instead of silver at his temples, there are streaks of it in his hair. He’s still as beautiful as ever.
“Not at all,” Reed said. “Your universe sounds like it had much more world-ending scenarios, so it's possible that your fields of knowledge expanded to fit those niches out of necessity.
Steve resolutely ignored Rogers’s increasingly put-off expression. Steve jerked his chin at him, and Rogers scowled back. “They're a friendly, but I don't recommend exposing them to everything that's changed off the bat.”
“It’s been at least a few minutes on my end,” Steve confirmed. “And also, I think the Hydra agents are from a little over a decade ago.” The evidence was frowning at Steve even now.
Steve sobs with never knowing, the endless expanse of possibilities he’ll never know, he never took, that he waited too long for.
When it was time to assign people to groups, he had exchanged glances with Natasha before she volunteered loudly to brainstorm the stones’ locations with Tony and Bruce. Steve had gone with Scott, much to the other man’s delight.
throw his head back and come. His regrets at coming too quickly were washed away by the orgasm, his mind riding the waves.
“Captain Rogers has a point,” Sam was saying. “So he knows that he's still alive in the future, and Iron Man is still Iron Man. That shouldn't change any of his past actions. Which is important because—?”
Tony leaned against the nearest table, sliding his hands into his pockets “Is our new chairman T'Challa delegating the emotional support to you? Well, I suppose he's a king and used to having people for that. Well, no need. Everything's fine.”
It still feels surreal several hours after time traveling. He has complete faith in Tony’s abilities, but that’s different from being here. He wonders if Tony and Bruce are feeling the same out-of-body experience he is, before shoving those thoughts are shoved to a back corner of his mind. He’s not here to marvel at the past, when his world was just New York, the Tower, their old selves.
“But I'm going to guess, what you really want to tell me, is that it'd be better if I smelled like you?” Tony continued. “Because I'm in complete agreement with that.”
“Hydra, because Hydra, and we're going to figure the last one out,” said Sam. “Vision, where in a town like this could someone pull this off?”
“Steve, I told you it’s fine to host parties with alcohol. Carol and I had discussed it beforehand, and—”
Steve could weather the criticism. He’d done it for most of his life, after all, the pity behind his back and the contempt to his face. He had learned long ago that most insults were full of shit. But it was one thing to tell Steve that, and another thing to talk about his husband like that.
Tony was back in his regular clothes, but now Steve knew that if he looked under the collar of Tony's shirt, it'd be flushed bright red.
“So I did. That's where you all came in. I knew you could handle it.” He turned around, looking at the Thunderbolts. “We saved the day. We saved the girl. Hmm, I could get used to this.”
A scandal, was it? Tony had joked, that the best thing Steve could ever do for the country was to get Stark Industries’ stock prices to rise so much that the rest of the market went with it. Everyone would love him then, and the next age of prosperity would all be thanks to what was in his pants.
“Well, not the headline I wanted to make,” Jan said, scrolling through her phone. She was sitting at the head of the table in what was to be the briefing room, and when she looked up from her phone and glared, she was doing a fine Fury impression. “You should know this by now, Cap. Take out one camera, and three more will take its place.”
Tony moaned loudly when Steve grabbed his ass and pulled him in, and it was a good show, but he didn’t need to put one on to convince Steve to stumble into his bedroom and climb into his bed. Tony pulled away, and Steve panted as Tony felt his way to the bulge in his pants.
Tony shrugs, telling him about the paradoxes one runs into, when it comes to time travel. Stuff he didn’t bother explaining in detail before to them at the cabin, and a small part of Steve is gratified. Of course, after they left, even after Tony had refused, he’d still dug deeper into the time travel.
“Uh, It was back in South Dakota a few weeks back, when the Red Skull released the virus,” Steve cut in. Tony gave me CPR to keep me alive.”
Tony shot him a toothy grin that didn’t feel at all like a smile. “I’m glad you think so too, Rogers. And while you’d be the go-to guy if we were building a strike team to take down the alien overlords, there're still things outside of our skillset. My people and Fury’s people, of which there is a significant overlap, have been talking. I agree entirely that we needed to be free of SHIELD and the hot water that’s international politics, but as you can imagine, it’s very hard to get out of the pockets of a trillion dollar operation.” He winked. “Not to say I don't have experience with it.”
“I'm not lying,” Steve said. “Why would I be? Don’t compare your—your mere crush to something like being in love.”
Steve couldn't help adding). That was only the romantic partners, too. There were so many friendships, brotherhoods that were just in their infancy, or not even begun yet. Steve no longer needed some crush on his teammate to help sustain him and ground himself in the world. Even if he saw parts of himself in the other man, there were so many things that had stayed in his past.
“I made my choice,” Tony tells him. “You don’t get to take that away from me.” Steve starts, and Tony shushes him with a finger on his lips. “Don’t apologize again, it gets old.”
“Well, we don't want you to have to learn it from real life,” Sam said. “There's no easy reset button there.”
Steve turned around. The heat was gone, replaced by something fearsome in its chill as he watched the gunfight on the screen. “It’s your place. You can take home whoever—whatever you like.”
He supposed Rogers hadn't had to bail Tony out of the armor yet. He wouldn't for years, not until after Tony's identity was known to him and Tony finally confided all of his armor troubles instead of waiting for Rhodes to come get him out.
“It reminded me of home; we had a poster of you on the wall,” Tony said, and okay, bad move, dropping that fact.
Steve's face heated up, and he tried to hide a smile in his fist. “I'm not...I'll get over it.” His eyelashes fanned over his flushed cheeks, and what Tony would give for him to never get over it.
Meeting an older version of himself was one thing already, but how much could his younger self find out about the rest of the future? A new Captain America, a new Thor. Jan and Hank weren't superhero-ing, and Steve couldn't place whether the original team had even disbanded for the first time yet for his younger self.
Maybe she was paranoid, but she chalked it up to her gut instinct. Carol couldn't explain to you why the universe had fallen into place around Captain America and Iron Man. But when Steve and/or Tony were hung up like this, when they weren't talking, when one or more of them was hiding something from each other, the blow-up usually took down half the superhero community around them, at best.
“Yes, yes,” he said some minutes later. “I've heard of a Hank Pym and a Janet Van Dyne. I believe that they did take up the Giant-Man and Wasp mantle for a bit, but have long retired to civilian lives. As for Thor, we've had some encounters with the Asgardians, but not so often they could be considered for any superhero team. The Avengers, you called yourselves?”
“Do you want me to agree with you, when you say things like that?” Was he supposed to say that none of them compared to how beautiful he saw Tony? Or was this another one of those kinks, that Tony wanted him to indulge, and Steve didn't know how well he could do with this particular one.
“You wouldn’t do that,” Steve says. “You’ve done so much for us already, you can do something for yourself.”
Tony frowned at him, and they needed to work on him telegraphic his moves. His arm shot out, aiming for Steve's chin. Steve had planned to parry it, but changed his mind at the last instant and ducked to the side. It was a close one, and from the expression on Tony's face, he knew it.
Steve fell back, flailing his arm behind him in the exact way he'd drilled into everyone never to do. The concrete scraped against his fingers as Steve kicked out with his foot. The man jumped back, faster than any regular human. Steve had no room for error anymore.
The issue would be reaching the pouch on his utility belt, but if Steve could rub his hip against the wall, maybe he could dislodge it...
“Are you sure?” Steve thinks to ask, and it’s a waste of words. Tony is just as invested in this as him. He wouldn’t throw away their one chance for anything less than bringing everyone back.
Steve doesn’t know how to respond to that. There’s a whirlwind inside him, and thinking about it stirs it up again, an angry gale inside him. For the first time since her breakdown after Tony died, Pepper’s calm facade cracks. Her jaw drops, and there’s a flush coming to her cheeks.
Tony kisses and wants to memorize it all, every little touch that makes Steve gasp into his mouth, every caress that creates full-body shudders. Steve kisses like he needs everything in their moment to last him an entire lifetime.
Well, it was the truth. “Grappling, rolling, groundfighting. We can try it out, see if you like it.”
Isn’t that the premise of what they’re doing with the time travel? Taking from alternate timelines, creating new branches from them. Maybe in one branch out there, Steve Rogers still thinks hanahaki is barely more than a tall tale, because someone—Tony—loves him back.
Steve was starting to dislike this training simulation and its authenticity more and more by the second.
Tony takes a little step back, but he doesn’t break eye contact. Like he’s waiting for Steve to retract it. But Steve wouldn’t. He hopes the person he’s become after they agreed to move on has been enough to convince Tony of his unwavering faith in him.
But no, Steve thought, looking at Tony. He’d become too heartbroken twelve hours ago to keep running his hand through Tony’s hair and hoping for a response. He hadn’t lost everything, after all. And if the world took Tony away from him, there was precious little left in it worth pledging his allegiance to.
Steve wonders if he has to live the rest of his life like this. If there’s a breaking point, for his body, or for his heart. He lives like someone managing their symptoms, waiting for things to take a turn for the worse.
Looking over the lake, it’s almost unbearable. He recalls Peggy’s words to him once, of allowing Bucky the dignity of his choice. She had such a way with words, ones that Steve only hopes he can live up to as a leader.
“Have you had any strange readings lately?” Tony asked abruptly. “Not related to us, but anything at all?”
“What do you think? Vision and Wanda might want a turn with it? Hmm, overprotective big brother isn't a bad look on you, Cap. It makes the hardheadedness relatable.” Tony reached for the mistletoe and plucked it away.
“They're small fry,” Tony replied shortly. “I don't need to push myself or my armor to wipe the floor with them.”
Tony sighed, and his face went through several minute expressions before settling on the worst one, a flat, smooth one.
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, for trying to tell you no the first time you tried asking. No wonder you were so hellbent on solving this, telling me about time travel crap. Whatever it takes. You stubborn bastard, you’d never—is it Barnes? Or Wilson? And of course you wouldn’t get the goddamned surgery. You couldn’t move on.”
Steve lets his hand drop, like a weight is attached to it, as Tony invites them to stay for food. Steve wants to, he realizes, he wants to spend as much time as he can here, watching Tony be happy and his family adore him. He wants to drown in it.
Tony smiles at Natasha, who offers him the appropriate praises and affirmations that she has his eyes, and his nose, and the sense of being that Tony Stark wholly possesses.
“Jesus!” Tony jumped. The coffee he was pouring missed the mug, sending hot coffee to splash over the counter.
“Definitely not the last time. Now, a few last times ago, I slept with someone who put a gun to my head. It wasn’t the first time it happened, either.”
The next morning, Steve stayed in his room until the sun was high, the windows on the other skyscrapers in downtown Manhattan glaring blindingly bright. He snuck out to the kitchen and grabbed an apple from the fruit bowl that had been perpetually unstocked when he'd first started living here a month ago.
who the Americans are sending in, now?” the agent hissed, squeezing the trigger. “Pathetic! Hydra will reign supreme!”
“But I wanted to drink,” Steve said. “Everything else drank, and it was—” He wanted to take a drink about it, and laugh about it, and answer Jan’s questions and laugh more about it. He wanted Tony to share in that laughter.
So he’s here, handling the arc reactor with more care than he’s ever afforded Tony Stark. He thinks of words he wrote once to Tony, about how Steve’s always placed his faith in people. Individuals. In Steve’s mind, Tony’s diametrically opposed to him in so many ways, so why not here? Tony’s someone who’s smart and capable. He can trust himself. He doesn’t need to place trust in individuals. Tony doesn’t need to place trust in Steve.
Rogers looked from the shield, to Sam, to Thor, to Vision. To the kids, and his expression shut down.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, and then came all over Tony's hand. Tony caught the come, spreading it over Steve's cock as he pumped him through the aftershocks.
“I’m happy for you, I really am.” He’s not lying, but his body punishes him for telling the truth. The entire universe punishes him for wanting to do right, it feels like. He has to stop to gather his breath, as the scratch in his throat becomes unbearable.
Steve didn’t mind. Tony went over a dozen end-of-the-world scenarios while brushing his teeth, like he was obligated to stop them all before succumbing to his cancer. Steve had been privy to some of them, that ran like clockwork in Tony’s head, and still he couldn’t think of anything worse than what Tony had put him through the past week.
“What now, then?” Pepper asks as she ushers him in. “Are you going to help with reconstruction, or I think I heard Tony talking about you doing counseling before?”
“Tony.” Steve’s head dropped down, and he took hold of Tony’s hand, letting it droop between his fingers.
Steve changed his angle, leaning forward, and Tony adjusted to fit. There was a flurry of movement, with wet, hard noises, and Tony had to crane his neck to realize Steve was jerking himself off.
change that. But you’re not going to be beholden to it forever, okay? You have your own choices to make from here on. What will you do?”
Rhodey's smile was dropping the longer he stood around, and Tony turned him around, giving him a small push. “You know, they were trading war stories in the kitchen, last I heard, you should go do your outranking thing.”
He’s spent so much time wanting to know what could get under Steve’s unflappable surface. Was Steve just good at tamping down his emotions, or was he better at not letting them affect him? Steve’s expression crumples, and Tony realizes he desperately doesn’t want to know what can break Steve.
“There's footage. They're a group of reformed super-villains, led by a familiar old face,” Thor said, a hint of amusement in her voice. “They call themselves the Thunderbolts. But I think it's safer to call them heroes by this point.”
Even if Tony never woke up…then Steve going to the Tower on that first night and picking him up off his bathroom floor would still be one of the best things that ever happened to him. No, one of the best things he’d ever done.
Now that they weren't kissing anymore, Steve felt eerily cold, like he'd been dunked in ice water. The warm, pleasant, hypnotizing feeling of the past few minutes was gone. When he looked up, he froze. Tony was panting, and his eyes were so wide Steve felt even more uneasy. Tony looked more...savage than he should, and it was hard to explain it away as just lust.
“I take it very seriously.” Tony turned around, chuckling into his mug. “I was very serious about wanting to suck cock last night.”
“It’s been about a year. That’s longer than most people back in our day courted for. And if I know you, you dive into things the moment you get it into your head. Once you decided you’d marry her, there was no stopping you.”
“Pushy, pushy,” Tony said, smiling at him with so much fondness, and between his fingers and the smile in his eyes, Steve wondered when he’d become so stupid over him
Tony picks up the fully formed flower gingerly, which should be an oxymoron with the gauntlets on. Steve can’t bear to look back as Tony’s eyes bore holes into his soul.
“Thank you,” he said. For waking up, for being Tony, for becoming a home in this strange, foreign world, each thought punctuated by another kiss to the tips of Tony's fingers.
Steve’s head spun from where he sat. Tony’s hands slid into his hair, and he leaned over, feeling Tony’s breath on the back of his neck.
“Oh shit,” Tony said. “Oh my god.” It took a moment for Steve to realize he was trying not to laugh.
“I know things can't stay the same over ten years, so I didn't want to presume.” Rogers shrugged. “But I kept an eye out, and it's not that you're over it. I'll learn how to deal, too.”
shocked when Iron Man had been revealed to be Tony Stark. It had made a lot of sense, in retrospect.
“Magic!” Thor shouted, slamming a fist against the small tray at the end of the bed. It prompted a nurse to come in and glare at them while offering a few choice words. Since being quiet hadn’t helped things along any, Steve wondered if Thor's alternative was preferable.
Okay. There was something very wrong with her friend. It couldn't even be a Skrull because who out there saw Tony Stark and thought, here was a man who was openly affectionate and didn't hide his heart behind a literal suit of armor.
Carol drummed her fingers on the table, and Tony didn't see fit to comment on what had just happened. Carol didn't find herself in the mood for conversation either, mind already at work.
“Nah, the gig's already up, Steve. He heard what you called me.” The faceplate slid back, and Tony already had his most winning smile on. “Hey, Cap.”
It was impossible. Sarah Rogers would be twice the age of this woman even if she had lived to the modern era in this universe.
“Thank you,” Steve said. Before Tony knew it, he was brought in for a brief hug, and Tony thought the breath had been knocked out of him.
He watched how Rogers shifted, favoring his left shoulder. He didn't do a bad job of hiding it, but Steve knew what to watch for. Steve eyed the scalemail and tights, trying to pin down exactly when he'd last worn that set. Early on as an Avenger, he hazarded, which had to be why Rogers wasn't
The Hydra agents didn't have the freedom to utilize their deadliest weapons due to the friendly fire. When some of them realized the fact and tried to ward each other away from the center of action, Rogers and Tony wouldn't allow them.
Steve helped him to his bed, taking a seat on the edge. Tony laid himself out spread-eagle on it, eyes closed, and his robe was just a formality at this point for keeping him covered. “Oh, that’s wonderful.”
“How long has this been going on?” she asks him. “It can’t have been before the Snap,” she tells him. “Was it, someone who’s gone? Steve, you stubborn son of a bitch, you know you can’t live like this. If you really do you have it—” Natasha’s eyes are pleading. Steve figures they’re past the point of trying to paint the flowers coming up from his lungs are just a misunderstanding. His lies have always been worthless to her.
“Delete it,” Steve said. “And whoever hired you, tell them that the Ultimates will make them regret it.”
Steve was uncharacteristically clumsy in untangling a string of lights, like the idea of it unsettled him.
Of the rare cases of hanahaki, Steve’s aware he’s an outlier. The life expectancy for those who were diagnosed and refused the surgery was typically four to six months. The longest had been just over a year. But, they also weren’t scientifically enhanced to human perfection. And the people who’d died had been in close proximity with the target of their misplaced love. Co-workers, or close friends. They hadn’t run away like Steve. After all, what type of person would run away from the person they were in love with?
Tony giggled, dropping his mouth down and rubbing his cheek against Steve’s clothed thigh. “Fuck, I will make you feel so good, Steve. Fuck the Ultimates, you can be my new bed slave, how’s that sound?”
“If that simulation was too much for you, we should probably take it off the rotation,” Tony muttered.
Well, Jan should have damn well started with that if she wanted him out of here. She didn’t have to try to be kind and understanding. Steve’s movements were stiff when he stood up from the chair.
With a growing nausea, Steve realized, that Jan didn't know. When Tony had revealed the secret of his cancer, it'd only been to Thor and Steve. He must have planned, that evening, to reveal it to the team all in one fell swoop. For those of them who hadn't shown up that evening, that was over, the thing that Tony couldn't bring himself to face.
“No.” Steve wants to say more, but his body is trembling now with the effort to suppress the cough. He just shakes his head again quickly. Natasha glances a look backwards before they hurry away. Natasha’s still looking back as they make their way into the car, but Steve doesn’t need to look up to know that Tony’s watching them rush away. It’s probably not a surprise to Tony to watch them leave, is it?
“We're ready,” Reed said, and Tony nearly jumped out of his skin. Steve smiled at him, before clapping a hand on Tony's shoulder.
“Her family evacuated without their cat, so she snuck back into town to find him when Hydra started dropping in. Couldn’t just leave her there.”
“Indoor capacity would indicate the high school foremost, and then the community center closeby. The gymnasium at the school is currently closed due to renovations.”
Inspire Tony same as it did when he'd been a teenager, more like, and the delight of Steve trolling with him made Tony lick his lips. He propped the frame against the wall.
Anyway, Carol rather liked their new team setup, and was reluctant to see it get shaken up because of something brewing between those two. There were a lot of ways the team had erred in the past, and none of them was free from criticism. But, it had only been a matter of time before they'd assembled again. It meant something, how ultimately, they were stronger together than apart, and that's what the world needed from them. She could practically see Steve's face in her mind giving the speech. More than once she wished she had that sort of charisma, a gravitas that made you feel intimidated to stand by his side, but that you would do your damnedest to try. She'd accepted that after all the people she'd met, human and alien alike, that was decidedly something unique to Steve Rogers.
“We're going to be stretched thin,” Sam continued. “And they can show up at any moment. Watch yourselves.”
“Superheroes,” she said. “Right? It's a dangerous job. But it's only because of it that you were able to come here to...our world.”
“I don't care.” This was a stupid simulation anyway. What type of villain would...touch their captives, like this? Wasn't there something they were supposed to want, or threats they were going to make?
“That's the thing. If it's anything like that, it'd be something to bring up with the Avengers.” Tony fought the urge to fidget. “It's mostly clothes.”
“Ah, they're not nightmares!” Steve avoided eye contact. “They're...hard to explain.” Steve didn't usually shut the door on topics like that. Tony wasn't convinced, but he didn't want to needle Steve further until he was ready.
Sam didn't respond to the disapproval. “And the work spouse,” he muttered instead, loud enough that Steve could pick it up even without any enhanced hearing. Steve raised his fingers to the earpiece.
But Natasha’s gone. For once, the itch in Steve’s throat is almost forgotten. The pain in his lungs is nothing, not compared to how his eyes burn, and tears stream down his cheeks, and his chest feels like the entire world is squeezing it shut.
“You're one of the smartest men on the planet. Try me,” Steve said. He rested his hand on Tony's shoulder, running the inside of his finger along Tony's neck. Tony shivered, and he caught a flash of satisfaction flitting over Steve's face.
Tony said he’s doing this for his daughter, and Steve had told him that makes him stronger. Steve thinks of his words now, of letting your love for one person drive you to save so many others.
There was Tony, rubbing off on him. He could imagine the wolfish grin and sly remark Tony would send his way if he knew. Once, Steve would have taken it as an offense and quickly turned it back into contempt. Now, the thought of it was like a clamp over his heart. It’d been a long time since Steve felt pain that wasn’t dulled.
“Thanks, Cap. You really saved me there.” At the call of his name, Steve snapped his eyes up. He wondered if Tony was mocking him, but it wasn’t him who should be embarrassed. It was Tony, wasn’t it, caught vomiting and in a rat hole in his penthouse worth millions.
“Well, to be fair,” Hank said, “I’d roped Tony into analyzing a biochemical compound from Hala, and I couldn’t figure out why it had such a strong pheromonal effect on
“Mad at Thor? Me?” Tony laughed, and that was right, Tony never minded anything Thor did. It might have been the alienness of him, even when they were convinced he was just a nutcase, like he was on a different plane of existence where the same emotions didn’t apply. Not unlike Steve, who Tony had no issue arguing with, butting heads with, and injecting that flat edge into his voice when he was past anger.
He wasn’t hesitant at all, which Steve had expected. What Steve hadn’t expected was how much of a tease Tony was. Steve ground insistently against Tony’s hand, but he continued to massage him, like he was trying to get Steve to relax. It was the last thing that could have worked, and Steve thought he might crack at the tension building up, ready to be snapped with a tug.
Speaking of which, still no Hydra in sight. Something wasn't right. The bright green and yellow suits were enough to know that these Hydra were far from the pinnacle of stealth.
That wins him a small smile from Steve, who shakes his head and rubs his thumb at the corner of Tony’s eye to catch the stray tear. “Hey. Hey. Not you, too.”
“I’m scared,” he said. He didn't think he could say that again, even if he wanted to. “I don’t want to think about it.”
“I'm fine,” Tony said, but he stepped forward, almost crowding Steve back against the door. “Would you like to check more closely?”
