“Wait, what? I thought...where are you…” Dean stammered before sliding out trying to keep up with the man now walking at a brisk pace toward the back of the club. Dean finally caught up to Cas, who stopped without warning and spun around abruptly, causing Dean to collide into his chest. “What the…” Dean sputtered, frustrated and absolutely not taking notice of the hard muscle under Cas’ shirt or his large hands that had come up to his waist to steady him.
It’ll soon be overwhelming and all consuming, but if he can just hold out long enough for someone to notice something isn't right, maybe he really can be saved. Maybe he can get the chance to finally deal with some of his repressed feelings and actually work through his crap to be a decent enough person, someone worthy of love and acceptance, maybe even someone worthy of a life.
"How do you think lover boy was able to come and go? You’re in a coma, bro. But unlike me, your body didn’t die when the Empty took you whole. Quit trying to tear apart your own head and just
“Green, so fucking green Castiel,” Dean said excitedly when he heard the cap click open. Cas chuckled darkly.
—but, of course, Dean isn't there. Dean probably left a while ago.
“Yes, please Castiel, I’ll d-do any-god dammit-anything, please, jus-fuck just let me come, please,” Dean sobbed out, tears streaking down his face, hands gripping the dark green rope in desperation, chest heaving and muscles shaking.
“I’ll be right back my darling boy. I’m just going to go get something so I can clean you up,” Cas said. Before leaving the room he turned back to the man still sprawled out on his bed and placed a kiss on his forehead.
Cas’s fingers started to move again as he chuckled, moving back up Dean's left arm and then down his chest, coming to rest on the quote across Dean's ribs on the right side of his torso.
He isn’t surprised to hear that deep timber call out to him. He had assumed Cas would be in his head, would be where he felt comfortable and happy. He tries to sink deeper into oblivion, but he is pulled closer to the surface by an unmistakable crash and rustling, and he steels himself for what he assumes is another tactic of Alastair's. When he feels no impact or additional pain he cracks open his eyes and looks around like a wild animal, trying to will his mind to piece together what was happening. Then he sees it, that god awful tan trench coat, on top of what he assumes is Alastair. An arm comes up and then plunges a blade into Alastair, accompanied by the unmistakable flicker of the demon dying.
She stretches and yawns before climbing off of the bed and walking over to monitor their vitals. Sam had warned her about going in, but in the end, he had admitted it was better that Charlie went instead of him.
“Yeah, whatever. How’s he doing?” Dean asked.
When Cas reappeared he was holding a length of green nylon rope, a length of cloth, and a few other things Dean couldn’t quite make out from his angle on the bed.
As soon as the doors slid open, Dean crashed through the apartment, falling over himself as he tried getting his shoes off as he went down the first hallway. He threw his shoes toward the door and heard them hit the wall and fall to the ground; Cas wouldn’t be pleased, but right now he didn’t very much care. He hobbled down the hallway to the bedroom, losing his coat and shirt as he went, leaving them as a trail to the room. Again, Cas wouldn’t love that but, oh well.
Gabriel’s voice fades. At first, there is silence, and Castiel wonders if he were to open his eyes again now, if he’d find anything at all or if he’d be lost in a white void forever. But then. Then...
“Fuck, you’re going to be the death of me my dear boy,” Cas said adoringly, stroking Dean’s cheek. Before Dean could respond, Cas sat behind him on the couch and pushed Dean’s shoulder forward, scooting him up just enough for Cas to slip in behind him on the floor, legs on either side of Dean’s hips and arms wrapping around his middle, pulling him close. Dean went willingly and nuzzled into Cas’s neck after wiping his mouth and chin with the bottom of his shirt.
As Sam turns to walk away Cas walks up behind Dean and slips his arms around his broad shoulders, placing another kiss on his cheek and whispering something in his ear that causes Dean to leap up from the table, toss his dishes in the sink and sprint past Sam just about knocking him over.
“Oh please, you with your constant ‘he’s just a friend’ and that was
Dean is still unsure if this is reality, as Cas takes long purposeful strides across the room, blue eyes drilling into Dean, eyebrows furrowed, no doubt taking in the pathetic state Dean is currently  in, stupid cartoon dog on his boxers, soaked with blood. Dean’s head is heavy and he’s unable to hold it up for long, but he tries, dammit, he tries. He doesn’t want to lose sight of his angel, worried that if he does Cas will somehow disappear. If this is reality, he wants the last thing he remembers to be the sight of this celestial being practically running across the room toward Dean, clear concern and worry etched on his face. Cas gently grabs Dean’s battered face in his hands and he’s almost sure he sees those blue eyes start to fill with tears.
No new warnings, but Cas does have a bit of a breakdown in the start of the chapter. There's also some PTSD type responses and brief mentions of Cas's self-harm due to the withdrawal a few chapters ago, but it ends with the promise of some smut (which you'll get next chapter!)
“There are more in some...hidden places,” Dean said, winking with a mischievous look sparking in his eyes as he took a drink, purposefully tilting his head back a bit farther than necessary, exposing his neck where he knew the edge of a tentacle from the tattoo on his shoulder would be just barely peeking out from the collar of his shirt.
“Good boy,” Cas said, placing kisses down Dean’s spine. While Cas continued peppering Dean’s neck with kisses and nibbles, Dean felt something blunt and cool pressing up against him, Cas slowly worked it into Dean, stretching him even more, causing a slight, delightful burn until the toy was fully seated and secure, pressing snugly against that bundle of nerves. As Dean grew comfortable with the full sensation, relaxing into the mattress, a buzzing started, lighting Dean up from within, causing him to jolt and pull against his restraints and cry out.
"Alcohol interferes with the potion. But Charlie experimented with a few things that didn’t."
“Cas, has anyone told you you're kind of a downer sometimes?” Dean asked, a shy smile on his face.
"I'm part of the neighborhood watch," Cas deflects, making an attempt to lighten the mood. "Have to keep on top of suspicious activity."
But the man is a damned lodestone and Castiel naught but a meteorite cast from the heavens, drawn to him by sacred design. He should have known better than to think he’d be able to resist Dean for long, especially vacant of grace and haggard of wing.
It feels like an icy knife plunges into Castiel’s heart when he’s reminded of Taylor. A lump forms in his throat as he looks at the empty dog bed in the corner of the room. Dean’s beloved companion… Castiel’s angelic power, completely gone in an instant. Castiel realizes how the empty dog bed reflects the emptiness he feels inside of him.
“Ah, yes, that young mechanic, we’ve seen him around your place,” Adam said nonchalantly, “what’s his name, Dan, Devin?”
-mention of past drug use
“But how? We can’t afford all this stuff,” Dean reasoned while holding up three new video games. Charlie continued to make herself busy unloading and putting things away, ignoring Dean.
“You expect me to not be cuddled up with you? On our last full day together! No sir, I’m not leaving this position, you can’t make me,” Dean said as he nuzzled into Cas even closer.
Dean glanced down at Cas, whose eyes were darting around the room, clearly anxious, his breathing becoming more ragged and unsteady. “Cas, hey, look at me, Cas,” Dean gently coaxed, his hands turning Cas’s face toward his. As soon as his eyes met Dean's, the younger man let a soft grin take over his face. “You’re okay babe, I’m here and I’m not leaving, okay?” Dean reassured him. Cas nodded hesitantly, unsure, but ultimately relaxed back into Dean's lap.
Dean releases a heavy sigh and makes his way over to his couch. Taylor joins him a moment later as they settle in for the inevitable. Another glance at his phone shows 11:59, one more minute until Cas forgets everything they did today and the world restarts tomorrow. Again.
Cas stared at Dean, unable to form words, unable to move. He had never in his life been told he was anything positive, or that his past didn’t matter. He had always been defined by it, and he knew he still was to everyone else, but to hear Dean say he didn’t hold it against him, he realized that’s all he really cared about in that moment.
“While I don’t have my essence to offer, nor an entire heavenly family to give up, I do have my heart and my soul and everything I am or ever will be. I’ve had this for months, but wasn’t sure what the best moment would be, so I guess I’ll take your lead on this,” Dean's voice is shaky as he pulls out a small black box from behind him and walks closer to Cas still sitting on the hard bedroom floor. He sinks down in front of Cas and snaps open the box, “Castiel, if you don’t say yes this is going to be very awkward, but will you marry me? Grow old with me, get a house with a yard and white picket fence, maybe raise a few kids, the entire cliché apple pie life, as my husband?”
“Okay, how about your name? I’m Castiel,” he tried again, lowering his head, trying to make eye contact. While he waited for an answer he took notice of the boy's split lip and at least a few bruises sprouting along his jaw.
“It’s not that difficult, you just have to know what you’re doing,” Dean said, smirking at Cas. “There, see!” Dean exclaimed when he shut the door with everything contained within and held his arms up in victory, grinning at Cas.
which is just unfair at this point, was not a sight he was ready for. At all.
"Dean, Dean, Dean." The Empty shakes its head. "Don’t you understand? I’m pissed with both of you. All I wanted was to sleep. It’s why I keep everyone asleep. The silence? It’s blissful. It’s perfect." It turns and faces Castiel, sending a shiver down his back. "But you and your precious angel. Always fighting against the natural order."
“Eh, the shakes have started,” Gabe said, shrugging, almost indifferent, but Dean knew now it was just an act, a mask, used to protect himself. He cared and worried about his brother.
“4 AM,” Gabriel answered. He had gotten a panicked phone call from a few of the senior staff at the club after they closed. They had seen the people coming and going from Cas’s apartment lately and, with most of them knowing his history, they were rightfully concerned.
"But, it’s Dean." Castiel turns his head to the side in confusion. "Why wouldn’t I help him?"
“Dean, stop.” Cas interrupts, smirk suddenly gone, voice rough, almost angry. Dean sinks back into the bed at the power in Cas’ voice, a tone he hadn’t heard in quite some time. Cas notices how Dean obviously increases the space between them as a result of his harsh tone and immediately regrets it, the angel sighs and wipes a shaky hand down his weary face. For the first time Dean really looks at Cas and notices the dark circles under his eyes, his mussed hair, messier than usual, his rumpled and wrinkled clothing, the way his shoulders seemed to be weighted down with the weight of the world, Cas looks more haggard than Dean ever remembers seeing him. He had seen the angel after plenty of fights, beaten and bloody, had seen him angry and stressed, but never like this.
“Fuck Cassie, why can’t you just let yourself have something good for once!? Why do you have to go and throw it all away!? Every fucking time man. It’s been over a decade, you can’t keep using him as an excuse,” Gabe’s voice was soft, hurt. Cas chuckled again, eyes slowly rising to meet Gabe’s.
Charlie helps Dean adjust
Cas sits back and without warning Dean wiggles his way out from underneath him, rolls over and pulls himself up off the floor, rushing over to his bedside table, digging around clearly looking for something. When he finds what he’s searching for he spins back toward Cas, a mischievous glint in his eye.
He slipped into the large gymnasium and glanced around. The decorations were typical of any reunion, or high school dance for that matter. Streamers in the colors of their alma mater were twisted together and wrapped around door frames, hung from the basketball hoops, and plastered in what appeared to be random designs across the painted concrete walls. There was music playing, tables scattered throughout the room in no discernible pattern or order, leaving a sort of dance floor in the middle just in case anyone felt the need to dance. There was, however, also a makeshift bar along the wall to his right,
every other time was because of the kids and you know it
Anael's smile quickly drops as her hand flies to the pocket holding Dean's money. But it was still there. The money Dean was holding was money she'd earned.
"Do you want my help or not? Because I'm already not doing this for free,"
And he's determined to give them just that.
"Incendia!" the second last syllable escapes her lips the thin circle of blood goes up high in orange and blue flames. It's a barrier Castiel can't cross. And finally, she feels safe. For a short moment, she's relieved.
But the unknowing customer leaves. Removes himself as the barrier between two lost best friends.
"What's an STD?" She finally chimes in, unfortunately reminding the adults and teens that there are small ears listening in the room
Brow furrowed more in confusion than concern as Dean leans against her apartment door frame, trying to mask the fact that he's about to pass out
"Works on vampires,"
"Yeah, you too, Novak," He starts to back away, motioning with his free hand to Castiel, knowing they'd be watching him leave, "Welcome back to the South Side," Cas just nods again as Dean leans towards Jack, making the tone in his voice higher, "Say bye-bye, Jack!"
Dean glares, "Two hundred- I just earned that!"
"Might be in your name," he finally begins to respond to John, "but you don't pay a god damn thing towards it," he's trying his best not to lose his temper in front of Jack, "Or your family," Dean glares down at John as he places the plate of cut up bananas in front of his baby brother, "So yeah. My house," before John has the chance to argue, more footsteps are heard, multiple this time, as Krissy, Ben and Sam all come walking into the kitchen
"Keep it down,"
"What? No, I'm not?" he replies, clearly confused, "You know that the slayer is real, right?"
Also just wanted to add that since this started as a sm au theres going to be texts/gcs as well as writing! There may also be some additionally writing where there are only twitter posts/pictures in the sm au but everything else will be mostly the same! :D
"We mustn't be late!" she puts on what she thinks is an adult and 'sophisticated' tone, and Dean has to hold back his amused chuckles so she didn't know the rest of the house found her adorably cute rather than intimidating and bossy
"You're not family," they were once, but not anymore. Not after falling to earth. For decades he's left her alone. By herself, away from all other angels because she can survive that way. Saying that Castiel was somewhat an ally of her was protection enough for angels, demons, vampires alike. He had a reputation in the underworld, in heaven and on earth.
Dean tries his best to peek over the back of the couch so he can see Anael in the kitchen, but he still groans in pain when he speaks, his voice tired and weak, "What are you doing?"
First chapter is kinda short but they get longer I swear.
"This is... part of the spell,"
Desperately, he's searching his brain. Trying to remember where he is. Trying to remember why he's even there in the first place. And then it clicks. Not exactly the person he meant, nor wants, to see. But he didn't have much of a choice.
"I was gonna ask about this," he smirks, raising an eyebrow, "Don't think I've ever seen you wear flannel before,"
But the younger three, Ben, Krissy and Jack, they've become more like his kids. The oldest of the three, Ben, is nicknamed Dean 2.0. The 10-year-old looks up to his eldest brother almost too much. Practically idolises the guy. Which, ironically, is exactly what Dean had made the mistake of doing with John when he was around Ben's age.
Not when even they started saying 'I love you'.
The other, more annoying, side of a visit from Dean Winchester is that if you try to sneak your way into some form of payment he'll, inevitably, discover a way to get it back. Granted, maybe if Anael hadn't boasted about stealing from him in the first place he wouldn't have noticed. But it's too difficult not to gloat when Dean's displaying his cocky, nobody tricks me into anything attitude as always.
sucks to be you
Anael narrows her eyes, looking Castiel up and down as she says bitterly, "I try not to ask questions that I don't care enough to hear the answer to,"
Cas was pretty sure Dean had no interest in hearing about his time in college, the same way Dean was fairly certain that Cas didn't want to hear about the fact that his life hadn't changed at all
"Holy shit," he coughs, grimacing in disgust as he dramatically leans away, "What's in this thing?"
By the time night falls, Anael, as she had suspected, has made up all of the money Dean had taken and then some. She'd gotten a few in house calls, noting unusual for a Saturday in Los Angeles. Healing people's scars, helping an old woman walk again. Nothing she hasn't done before, of course, but still miracle enough for her to convince unknowing humans she's not overcharging.
"That's a powerful glamour you got," Slowly, she turns to face him, swallowing hard to mask her worry, "Unfortunately for you, I've seen you in this vessel before. Remember?"
So he spends the entire time trying his best to keep blood from dripping down onto the overly expensive carpets of the pristine corridors. He's surprised he even remembers the apartment number, having only been there once, but he guessed that with his life on the line his brain had prioritised the memory.
Doorbell.
"Credit card scams might not be a real job, but neither is healing people for money," he turns his hand, revealing a business card on the other side, "Sister Jo," angered, Anael lets out a harsh sigh, folding her arms at the sound of her fake name, "Did a little snooping of my own. Not very heavenly of you," She narrows her eyes but there's not much she can say in the way of protest, considering Dean was A) halfway out the door already and B) not exactly wrong
Anael scoffs, clearly thinking that he's joking, "Yeah," she nods, "I saw her last week when I was hanging out with the easter bunny," Dean raises his eyebrows in disbelief, slowly waiting for the penny to drop when he doesn't laugh or joke back, "You're not kidding? The slayer is real?!"
"He's not quite human either,"
Dean wasn't entirely sure why he'd decided to come to this store. There were plenty of other places he could have gone to, and it wasn't like he'd come to buy much. A quick milk run, supplies mainly for Jack before he headed to work. His day job at Singer's Garage before he headed to the night shift at Harvelle's. It wasn't even the closest store to the garage. He'd only gotten into the habit of visiting Cas there on his way from one job to the other because quickies in the back room of the store was all the alone time the two of them could get between Dean's multiple jobs, making sure he had enough money to pay bills and put food on the table and Cas’s need to juggle work while trying to maintain good enough grades to escape the south side and go to college.
"I took two hundred bucks out of your wallet while you were sleeping," she replies with a nonchalant shrug, standing again so she’s looking down at Dean
"Hey," John begins, everyone else in the room already growing increasingly frustrated by the sound of his voice, "if your short, can I maybe borrow-"
Because what else can they say?
The taste of blood mixes with the bubblegum gloss on her lips. Anael stumbles, hand coming up to dab at her stinging lip. Distracted, disoriented, she has seconds to react when her vision catches up with her panic quick enough for the street light shine to hit the angel blade about to slice her neck.
. He feels like a teenager again, seeing Cas like that. He wants to let himself get lost in ocean blue and hear Cas's voice whispering to him again. He wants Cas to cup his cheeks and tell him he's doing a good job because, fuck, he hasn't heard anyone tell him that in a long time. Not the way Castiel used to.
"Text your brother. Tell him you're still alive," she demands, picking up the knife she'd been using to cut up herbs and pointing it at Dean threateningly, "Before I lose my patience, and kill you myself," Dean knows that she wouldn't actually kill him. But the fire in her eyes is intimidating enough for him to reach for his jacket and grab his phone.
Dean glances away. He chews his lip, considering confiding in Anael. Asking for help with tracking down whatever it was that had attacked him. He was fairly sure it was an angel. But there was something off about the bright blue glow he usually sees. Something not right in the way he held himself, the way he fought. And what reason would an angel have to fight a hunter in the first place? Especially since most, if not all, angels he'd met had been very much so on his side of the fight. He hasn't fought an angel in years, so why now?
"He has something I want," And then it dawns on her.
"Did we?" The second Anael feels Cas's hand touch her wrist, human instincts set in. Aggressively, she rips her arm away. Feet stumble over each other as she moves back, blocking the fist heading towards her face. Other arm free, she elbows Castiel in the gut. Now doubled over, Anael knees him in the face, using the opportunity of his face being so low. But she doesn't turn her back, not confident he won't come after her again.
"See you around!" he taunts, earning an exasperated eye roll from the woman he'd just stolen his money back from
"Heyyy, nice!" Krissy giggles, failing to swat away her older brother's hand in time for him to worsen her bedhead, "Anything else?"
"If you're heading for the chosen one I'll know where to find you!" Anael closes her eyes, wincing with every step she takes. She doesn't turn back to face Castiel this time. But she can feel his glare burning into the back of her head. She was a target of his now, there's no doubt about that.
"Dean's not a vampire,"
"Just nights," Dean nods, "Right now I'm headed to the garage,"
He hears his last piece of logic distantly tell him
"Wh- Jack!" Dean follows him out of the room, only having to do a minor speed walk compared to the two-year-olds amused sprint, but before he can catch him he steps on a piece of lego, the sharp pain of it shocking his whole body, "Son of a-" he grasps his foot, leaning against the wall as he decides it's probably not the best idea to hop after Jack, "Ben! Clean up your legos from the hallway!"
But before they can answer, John's scratches his head, turning to face his youngest daughter "It's a-"
"Eldest son?" he repeats as he walks away from John towards the fridge to get Jack's breakfast, "Wow I'm surprised you remember who I am since this is the first time you've set foot in my house for weeks,"
everything alright?
Anael was always a skilled angel. But it took falling to earth to help her realise that she was also an excellent businesswoman.
Anael freezes. She knows what he wants from her. She'd seen him do this dance a million times before when they would travel together. And it always ended the same way. See, Castiel had one crucial detail that set him apart from all of the other angels. He didn't have a power source of his own anymore. Ethereal grace flows through the veins of every angel in a vessel. It's their life force. Their soul. Their blood. It gives them power. Purpose. And Castiel didn't have any of his own. Not anymore.
By the time Dean begins to stir awake, he can feel, even with his eyes closed, that the sun has come up. There's a light breeze in his hair from the open window opposite the couch, birds chirping like a cosmic alarm clock telling Dean it's time to be conscious. Shuffling tiredly, Dean pushes himself up, forgetting where he is for a moment long enough to let out a sleepy groan.
For a few moments, he just holds it, reluctant to even sniff it again as Anael watches in genuine disbelief, "Sipping or down in one?" asking another question with such a blatant answer only earns another look from Anael
not with vampires on my tail
But he doesn't mind. Because it's not his siblings' fault. They deserve a better life than he's had.
"Hey!" She pushes herself off the table but doesn't step further than that when Dean quickly draws his hand back out of the apartment
of course i’ll do it
"Uhh, I was gonna go to Ruby's to study but I guess she could just come here," he replies. Dean and Jo exchange amused looks as she folds her arms, leaning agains the counter
"Yeah, you're the world's Buffy Summers, I get it,"
In a panic, Dean simply places Jack back down on the floor, not risking putting any clean clothes on him yet since he knew he was bound to ruin them. But, to Dean's dismay, Jack decides to run out of the room, giggling away, still no clothes
His turn is coming and Cas still hasn't noticed him. It's not too late to turn back. It's not too late to just grab Jack and run, just leave everything and get what he needs from another store, any other store. But he can't. He's frozen. Stuck between wanting more than anything to speak to Cas and never wanting to see him again.
"A healing-" Dean begins to repeat, forcing himself to fully sit up despite the pain it causes, "That's gonna take way too long. Can't you just do you're-" he cuts himself off, hovering his uninjured hand over his wound as he begins making a high pitched noise, "Eeeeeeeeeee," mimicking the sound of his ears ringing whenever angelic powers are used only earns an exasperated eye roll from the witch as she crosses the room to gather more ingredients from her locked cupboards, "And then boom we're done here, I'm out of your witchy red hair for another... I don't know couple months,"
In their minds, they knew they were closer than normal friends were. But they were never brave enough to put labels on things.
But at least she knew that would be something she and Dean had in common.
sam...
Castiel chuckles breathlessly, wiping the blood from his brow as he looks down at the witch, "That's cheating," he groans, one hand still on his ribs where Anael would hit him that was likely starting to bruise without his ability to heal
Anael doesn't seem so sure, "Well, don't show up here again when you get your ass kicked a second time for not listening to me,"
"You're dying anyway. You will without my help,"
Anael shakes her head, half at just how easy Castiel found it to be irritating and half at herself for how long she'd let herself put up with it. Running her tongue across her teeth, she takes an almost too casual step back, "If that's all you wanted to tell me, I'm just gonna go,"
"Joanna, if you rearrange the fridge magnets one more time!" He yells, not yet responding to his father's snide comment
Heels click, echoing against the pavement as she walks. She knows better than to let herself get distracted, but just can’t help beginning time sift through her earnings from today.
The three stare at each other with wide eyes, unsure how to respond as Krissy and Ben state expectantly, "Umm..."
"Where'd the fear go, Ana?" He calls after her. Taunting her as she just keeps walking away, "You know I won't be trapped here forever!" Anael stops, peering over her shoulder. And she smiles. Not maliciously. Not filled with hatred. But confident. Almost victoriously
and proud of it
Killing monsters is his day job. And vampires? They're about as easy as it gets. No research. No chanting. No spells. Just a wooden stake and mediocre fighting skills at best. Which Dean, being the 'chosen one' was beyond qualified for.
"Uh-huh," he nods. Anael looks away but she can feel him still watching her, and she knows exactly the reason why,
* * *
And now she had to save him.
"I landed on a dumpster-" Dean's explanation is cut short by a searing, sharp pain in his abdomen. One that he'd hoped would be gone by the time he woke up. He finally decides to poke at the white fabric stuck to his skin, "Ow! What-" he frowns, tilting his head when he sees that there has been no supernatural attempt to heal him. Only blood-stained gauze that he slowly peels back to reveal black thread binding his skin together, "Stitches?" he quickly questions "What's with the stitches?"
Dean.
"I don’t know," Dean leers at him again. "Something about you makes me think you were a bit of a bad boy."
“I thought he had killed you, when I saw all the blood, when you wouldn’t open your eyes or respond to me...I thought…” Cas trails off, his voice smaller than Dean had ever heard it, the voice that always had undertones of authority, dominance and confidence suddenly sounded like that of a scared child, filled with doubt and unmistakable pain.
He sort of putters around his house, his eyes drifting to the window where, if he looks out, he knows he'd be able to see the spot where Dean just was.
"I— I’m sorry. I need to go." Castiel steps back, then back again, before breaking off in as fast of a sprint as he can. He doesn’t turn around to look behind. He doesn’t check to see if he’s been followed. The only thoughts going through his head are of regret and what could have been.
Dean squirmed; is that the only reason Cas had come onto him when they first met? He was angry, reckless, looking for a fight. He clearly fit the man’s “type”, aside from the size aspect anyway. He wasn’t tiny, but he was only an inch or two taller than Cas, and the older man definitely had him beat in terms of overall mass. Dean definitely didn’t pose much of a physical challenge for Cas.
“Perfect, hands above your head, no touching unless I tell you to,” Cas said as he walked away. Dean tried not to whine at his absence and failed, finding himself craning his neck, trying to see where the other man had gone.
The pain explodes through his body as his view lightens. His gummy eyelids squint open, flooding him with light. He squeezes them closed again but now there is less to distract from his throbbing head, the prickling pain like needles all over his body, and the terrible taste in his mouth. He hears Sam’s voice. Sam sounds close by. Dean pries his eyes open again. Charlie is stretched out one bed over.
While she was alive, Charlie was Dean's closest and most trusted friend right after Sam. Castiel knows perfectly well how much her death had hurt Dean. Dean doesn't even have his memories right now, doesn't know anything about being a hunter or about Charlie. Not only will Charlie be smart enough to pick up on Dean's amnesia quickly, it also seems cruel to take away Dean's best friend yet again.
Still… he can't help himself from wishing at this moment. Wishing that Dean and Taylor could stay here longer. Wishing he could tell Dean everything. No awkward lies. No random excuses. Just the two of them. Talking. Like… normal people for once…
Throbbing.
“Hmmmm, great,” Dean said, voice rough and so obviously fucked out it made Cas chuckle.
“The fuck? I don’t want water, I want an actual fucking drink. In case you hadn’t noticed I kind of got beat up tonight, note the lip,” Dean said, pointing to said split lip, his tone dripping with disdain and contempt. The waitress quickly glanced at Castiel who shook his head at Dean's request and sent her away, thanking her as she made her way back to the bar.
Gabe has a chat with Cas
finds humor in the fact that this is where he'd bargain with God, '
The next several hours were spent reading and rereading through the text, he knew what it meant, but he couldn’t quite bring himself around to believing anyone viewed him in such a way, let alone his best friend of over a decade.
Human now, his vessel—his
Before Dean could start in on the tirade he seemed to be gearing up for, a young man with a black shirt with “security” written across the back in white letters came sauntering up to Cas, whispering something in his ear which earned a nod and sound of agreement from the man. He then motioned toward Dean, brows furrowed in a question, to which Cas waved him off and sent him on his way. He had fully expected to be roughly manhandled and  hauled away and Castiel’s dismissal of his muscle surprised him, still Dean's eyes followed the white ‘security’ until it disappeared in the crowd. Castiel chuckled as he settled back into the seat and motioned to the bartender to bring over a couple drinks: a whisky for himself and water for Dean.
A few friends visit
Castiel is trying his best to pay attention to Hannah… but he's had this annoying headache since early morning. He thought his morning run would help with the pressure, but unfortunately, it proved fruitless. He massages his temples, trying to relieve some of the pain as Hannah continues talking, explaining something he knows he should be listening to, but he is wholly unable to do so. Just as he decides to speak up to politely let her know he isn’t getting any of this and maybe she should just come back later, there is a loud, frantic knock at his door, startling both of them.
“Good, option one, eight days, no coming. You will wear a cock cage,” Dean grumbled at that option, which resulted in a sharp swat to his ass that he was sure left a perfect handprint. “Now, you better behave or I’ll take any of your options away and I’ll decide for you. Option two, I get that vibrating plug you love so much, and play with you for 80 minutes, you can come as many times as you want, but it will last the full 80 minutes. It’s up to you, pick quickly please,” Cas finished, fingers in Dean’s hair, blunt nails scraping lightly across his scalp before wandering back down his spine.
"Cas, did you run here?"
Castiel follows her out, locking his door again behind him. He is empty-handed, since there never was a bottle of whiskey to collect in the first place.
"Charlie." Castiel squints at her, unsure as to why she was in his house, and not weaseling her way into Dean’s. "It’s been a while."
“Hey Becky, why are you here? Aren’t you a few years after us?” he asked, detangling himself from her vice grip hug.
“I’m sorry, Bobby, it’s nothing. I’ll straighten up, promise,” he said sullenly but hoping the older man would drop it and let him leave.
“Shit! Sam, I thought we’ve discussed not running in the bunker,” Cas scolds, looking extremely unamused.
Over his shoulder Dean says, "See you at the market, Cas."
“Good boy. Arm please,” he said as he again fashioned a cuff from the rope, secured it, then checked to be sure it wouldn’t injure Dean. When he was finished, he took a step back, looking over the man now spread out on his bed, deep green eyes peering up at him through dark lashes, full lips slightly parted as Dean practically panted with anticipation.
Dean's eyes scan downward and back up again. He opens his mouth to say something. Taylor chooses that moment to butt forward past her owner, her shaggy head bumping a greeting right into Castiel's crotch.
“Hello Dean, long time,” Cas said, voice even, deep, still doing things to Dean that he didn’t want to admit. After a few minutes of silence, Dean chanced a glance at the man next to him and was greeted by an intense gaze pinning him in place and stealing his breath.
-Torture
“I met someone,” was all he could say. He refused to give details, didn’t want anyone connected to this seedy world to have any information about Dean.
It obviously hadn’t all been sunshine and rainbows--although Dean had definitely come to find himself in possession of a lot more rainbow colored clothing and items in general thanks mostly to Claire and Kaia. They had definitely had some things they both needed to work through, Dean had significant abandonment issues but often would refuse to actually ask Cas to say or tell him outright when he needed him close. Cas oftentimes felt like he was useless and would most often fail to express this, instead just making himself distant, which then would cause Dean to freak out and act out, pushing him away.
"Hmm. My dog was growling at something, maybe someone, in the shadows today. Tay growls at plastic bags blowing down the street, though, so maybe it was nothing." At the sound of her name, Taylor rushes the couch. She clambers into Dean’s corner, pushing at his back until he swings his legs down, making room, and has nowhere to go but the middle, close to Cas again.
“Thank you. Now, that’s eight items I had to pick up and take care of. However, you did make it to the bed undressed on time, though barely. So, I’m going to give you options. You can pick which one you prefer and that is what we will go with, no games, your choice. Does that make sense?” Cas asked as his hand started roaming again.
Castiel had noticed the young man the moment he had sauntered into the club: light brown short hair, sharp jawline, striking green eyes, defined cheekbones, wearing a leather jacket that was at least one size too big for his slender frame, over a faded t-shirt advertising some classic rock band Castiel couldn’t quite make out, dark jeans, and worn brown work boots. But none of that was originally what caught his attention. The reason Castiel had been keeping an eye on him the entire evening was because the young man seemed to be vibrating with reckless energy, strutting around like he owned the place, openly and unabashedly flirting with women who were clearly spoken for, often by men much larger than himself, clearly itching for trouble.
“Hey, come here,” Dean pleaded, suddenly needing nothing more than this man in his space. Cas glanced up at Dean, fear and anxiety clear, worrying Dean. “Cas, what’s going on man? What’s wrong? You’re kind of freaking me out.”
They are both stubborn idiots
Dean’s best friend. Refusing to abandon him, ever. Because no part of Castiel ever could.
As he finished speaking, he couldn’t bring himself to look up at Dean; instead, he stood up and walked across the room to the door, fully expecting Dean to want him to leave immediately.
They stay quiet for a few moments and Castiel basks in Dean’s presence. He does his best to avoid Dean’s eyes, worried if he looks into them too long he’ll end up "spilling the beans," but he can’t help himself; before he knows it, he’s gazing into Dean’s eyes.
Their apartment building was nicer than anywhere Dean had stayed in his life. For as long as Dean had known them, they never liked staying anywhere below four stars unless absolutely necessary. As opposed to Dean who had gotten so used to staying at hotels that were lucky to have half a star if it meant a roof over his head.
Dean scoffs, clearly feeling no remorse as he replies, "We're not friends. I don't feel so guilty about it-" Anael scrunches up her face in anger, grabbing the nearest thing she could find that she knew wouldn't fatally injure Dean but would still hurt nonetheless, an apple, and launching it at the back of his head, "Ow!" rubbing the back of his head, Dean tries his best to sit up and glare without also hurting the gash in his abdomen, "I'm wounded don't throw things at me!"
Cas raises a brow, seemingly unconvinced "Mmm," but he doesn't press further. Because he knows that a statement like that can only be followed by a question. And Anael is trying so desperately hard not to prove him right
"Yeah,"
"And you didn't eat any, right?" he cautiously asks, and Krissy quickly shakes her head again. She'd been told multiple times not to consume anything her father gave her
"But you'll be at Harvelle's tonight?"
"Brutal,"
Dean lets out a shaky breath, absentmindedly desperate to keep their conversation going, "I, uh, wasn't expecting to see you back here behind a cash register," Brow raised, Cas looks back up at Dean, trying his best to pretend he doesn't know what he's doing
But of course, he hears no response. Because Jo is too busy irritating her little brother, whilst Krissy and Ben are, or at least Dean hopes they are, both still getting dressed
ur homophobic
* * *
'sam' what?
Raising a brow, Dean leans forwards, not yet taking the cup from Anael's hands as he sniffs the contents
"Dean, it's not like all this stuff isn't stuff you need," replies Cas, pointing at the essential toiletries he'd picked up, "You think I'm gonna let you walk out of this store without diapers and toilet paper?"
i’m not paying for it
And then there's Jack. Just learning to walk, just learning to talk. No idea the kind of shit show his parents birthed him into. But he's a Winchester, and Dean likes to think by the time he's his age he'll have a chance of getting out of their shitty little house in their shitty little neighborhood.
"Woah!" Ben backs into his room as Sam speedily walks towards the bathroom that Jo had luckily left unlocked
He doesn't know how long he waited for the door to open. Probably seconds. Seconds that felt like minutes, hours. He's not sure if it's because he's concussed or bleeding out or both.
Cas watches her walk away for a brief moment before he begins to follow, "I can't let you do that,"
no i don’t
"I don't like owing people money," He can't hold it in anymore. The chuckle Cas had been holding in finally escapes, and he acts as if he doesn't notice Dean's jaw tighten
"Alright, speakin' of Singer's I gotta get to work," Cas nods, bagging his receipt before holding out the last of the bright blue plastic
"Your house?" John asks, but Dean is too distracted staring at the way the alphabet magnets have been rearranged on the fridge. Because someone, most likely his eldest sister, had rearranged them to read 'eat ass', which Dean couldn't help but chuckle at despite it probably wasn't the best phrase for a five, two and eleven year old to see first thing in the morning
fine bye :(
"Right..." Dean trails off, but Anael knows he's not satisfied with her vague answer. She's an angel. She can hide that fact from the rest of the world with a simple glamour, but not from Dean, "Where's my shirt?"
"That's my girl!" replies Dean in a relieved tone as he raises his fist, pointing at it, "Right here," Krissy giggles, bumping Dean's fist with her own before finally, Dean leans back, gathering up the money Krissy had just given him "God, what time is it?" he glances over at the alarm on his bedside table
The place that, at age fifteen, Dean was forced to drop out of high school so that he could raise his five younger siblings.
"Shut up,"
Jo places her hands on Ben's shoulders to guide him but he quickly shrugs her off, running back to Dean and wrapping his arms around him in a tight hug, "You have a great day too, Dean!"
John, who was been watching them all wave and hug their older brother, tuts and shakes his head in disappointment
"Oh, to study?" Dean teases, quick to make assumptions on what Sam actually had planned to do when he was left home alone with a girl. Sam narrows his eyes in an unamused glare
"Yeah. All over my new rug. You're lucky I wasn't wearing anything valuable. Not all pajamas are cheap y’know,"
"I won't let you take my grace," she sternly warns, backing away but each time she does Castiel follows her forward, "We had a deal,"
"No fair, you had it yesterday!" Sam makes it to the door just before Jo, giving her the finger before slamming the door in her face and locking it behind him, "Hey!" she bangs at the door with her fist and Dean grimaces as the force rocks the house, "You only go in there first to jerk off since you're too much of a fuckwad to get a girlfriend!"
"Wait, Claire's in juvie?"
also i already said yes
"She's helping me get good grades!" Sam defends himself, walking his empty bowl over to the sink and grabbing his back pack on the way over
And if that's not enough to wake him, then the full weight of an overly energised six year old sitting onto his stomach certainly is
"Good seeing you, Winchester," Dean can't help but smirk when he hears Cas say his surname, quickly returning the favour
sure it was!
Finally, Jo comes down the stairs, running a towel through her wet hair as she makes her way to her usual seat at the table
For a decade, from when they were just eight years old all the way up to when they were both eighteen they were inseparable.
"I didn't start shit!"
"Thought you didn't care enough to ask questions," Anael's arms cross over her chest as she impatiently glares. But this more amuses than intimidates the rogue angel, "Honestly? Didn't think I did. He's stronger than I expected,"
Cas reacts with dread. His body tenses up, and his hands move onto the couch, away from Dean’s legs entirely. "I always appreciate our talks," he says. It doesn’t sound as though he means it.
“We should talk Dean,” Cas said, not a question but a command.
He knew exactly what Cas was talking about, had spent more time than he would ever admit on some of those specific porn sites, had been with a few people who had been interested in some elements here and there, but never anything he would admit to anyone if asked. After a minute or two, Dean realized Cas still hadn’t responded. When he looked back at him, he saw that damn knowing smile and slight nod; then Cas let out a breath and leaned back against the armrest again, visibly relaxing. Dean however felt shame starting to claw to the surface, which he quickly masked with anger.
Dean unexpectedly felt a comforting warm sensation spread through his chest, his breath hitching, tears pricking the corners of his eyes at Cas’s words. Emotion flooded over him. He quickly buried his face into the pillows and willed his tears not to fall. Cas slid his hand between Dean’s cheek and the pillow and turned his face just enough so Cas could place a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. Understanding the emotions his words had brought forth, willing to pause his torment in order to comfort and reassure Dean in the moment.
Dean's yanked out of his bubble
“What? What happened? Is Dean okay? Where is he?” Cas interrupted without even fully realizing it, already rushing around, running back into the office to grab his wallet and keys and apologize to the vendor representatives; Alfie could handle the rest of the meeting.
They had even moved in together, right after graduation. It was just a small, shitty apartment, nothing exciting or impressive by any stretch, but it was their first taste of freedom. Dean had worked at Bobby’s garage and managed to save enough money for a down-payment on a modest house across town. So, they had moved and started their white picket fence, apple pie life together, one that he had never felt totally comfortable with, in a house that didn’t quite feel like home.
“Because it’s always my fault when things go wrong, right? It’s because of my actions that things get ruined or destroyed, every fucking time, isn’t it Gabe? I will never prove to you that I’ve only done what I’ve done in the name of protection, or love, or some twisted thing resembling it, will I? You’re always going to think I’m a worthless piece of shit aren’t you? You'll always think that I'm just someone who just ruins lives and calls you to come clean up the pieces when I'm done,” Cas’s voice was soft, the hurt and anger intermixing, breaking Gabe’s heart. Yet, at the same time, Gabe knew he couldn’t fold, Cas had to learn at some point in his life that the dumb mistakes weren’t always worth making, even if done behind the guise of loving someone.
-John Winchester is a sadistic asshole still
Before he can berate himself much, a light, yet persistent tapping reverberates off the glass pane above him. When he chances a glance up at the window, Dean is peering down at him, an amused grin on his face.
He sighs and reminds himself once again that "it’s better this way" before following Dean to the kitchen. He’s about to offer to help Dean pop open the bottle caps (he had found Dean just staring very intently at the far wall deep in thought), when there’s a soft little chime near the door. The chime breaks Dean out of whatever trance he was in and he looks at Castiel. In return, Castiel raises a curious eyebrow and pokes his head over to the door. Taylor stands patiently waiting for a second before nosing a little bell that hangs on the door knob. Castiel looks back at Dean with a slight tilt to his head.
This earns an exasperated eye roll from Cas who sets the small box aside and lunges at Dean, pinning him to the floor, hands clasped around Deans wrists, knees on either side of his hips holding him in place.
"Wait...what? Dean? Who took him?" Cas stammers, trying to catch up to what is going on, his synapses firing much slower than he would like.
-mentions of past loss/regrets
Taylor immediately turns into butter under Cas's hands, and licks him.
“Hmmm, I dunno, maybe, I guess. Why don’t you text him?”
“It’s not that easy,” Dean croaked out after a few minutes of silence.
He was suddenly pulled out of his own head by a loud crash somewhere in the apartment. He rolled out of bed, threw on a pair of jeans that had been laying on the floor, and tentatively opened the bedroom door to peer out, but saw nothing obviously out of place.
“He’s going through withdrawal, isn’t he?” Dean suddenly asked, breaking the silence as his hand carded through Cas’s dark unruly hair staring down at the man. Gabriel only nodded. Cas stared at nothing across the room, twitchy and fidgety. Dean sighed, knowing too well what the man was going through. While he didn’t use regularly, there had been a few times his use had gone on for too long and had been too heavy and it had resulted in a week or so of absolutely miserable withdrawal. Every time it happened he had been holed up in some shitty motel room, alone and sure he was dying.
"Shit," Dean checks his phone and sees it's close to midnight. He’s lost track of how many times they’ve gone through this, but it never seems to get easier. Quite the opposite, actually: Dean knows the longer they stay trapped here, the less chance they have. The most frustrating part is that Dean can’t do anything about it. His only job is to look out for Cas.
"So we're setting up the story right now," he says.
Fortunately it seems like Trenton is frozen too, but in a strange way… like when an animatronic at Chuck E. Cheese can't complete the programmed movement. Dean looks at Castiel and winces when he sees the tears in Castiel’s eyes.
If he was honest with himself, something he had admittedly never been great at, the deciding factor in starting up his relationship with Lisa their senior year had been the rumors that seemed to cling to him. He had started to make a show of making out in the busy hallways around school, making a point to let hands roam and slip below clothing now and then. The few class periods they shared were spent in a back corner, Lisa typically placed in Dean’s lap as he made a point to tease and distract her, more for show than anything else. It’s not that he didn’t like Lisa, on the contrary, he loved their time spent together. Not only was she incredibly attractive but she was also smart as hell and was actually a big reason Dean even graduated.
Dean frowns as if trying to remember, and Castiel jerkily wonders if Dean even visits that market. Past Dean would never, but past Dean would also not smile at him like this Dean does. Castiel’s heart continues to pound as he waits for that smile he loves so much to return. Instead, he watches as Dean slowly removes his hand from his and Castiel’s stomach sinks to the floor.
Scrolling down the page Dean starts reading a few of the posts, some of them are vague.
“So, uh, you mentioned a ‘Sammy’? Is that a sibling?” Cas asked, eyes still traveling up and down Dean, imagining what else he had hidden beneath his clothing.
“Nope, not one, none at all.” At this, Cas rolled his eyes but didn’t respond. Dean sat back in his seat, relaxing a bit, watching the buildings pass by out his window, snow just starting to drift down from the grey sky in big, fluffy flakes.
“What do you want then Dean?” Cas asked, clearly agitated.
Although his vision is hazy, black inching in to obscure more and more every minute, closing in on him, Dean shakes his head, trying to snap it back, to give himself a few more moments of what little lucidity he still has. He decides to close his eyes and try to assess his injuries and figure out just what kind of shape he’s really in while Alastair busied himself with something across the room.
He can take Cas and Taylor to the beach and drink those fruity cocktails with the little umbrellas he pretends to hate all the time. They can sit in the warm sand with their toes in the water and not a worry in the world.
“Yeah, Winchester. How have you been?” Dean asked, trying to keep things civil. He was well aware he had plenty of people that would be there tonight that weren’t his biggest fans. Dean hadn’t always been the type of guy “upstanding” students wanted to be around: he partied, slept around, and couldn’t really be too concerned with his grades. He had given up caring long ago, stopped trying to justify his actions to others who had no clue what he had dealt with back then. Raising his little brother after his mom died and dealing with his abusive, alcoholic dad that thankfully was hardly ever around, he really couldn’t be bothered to give two shits about algebra or stress over finishing a dissertation on Hemingway.
When he looks up, he sees a giant apple tree, the flowers still blooming in the late-May weather, but already, hundreds or perhaps even thousands of tiny petals litter the ground.
“Ah, have I found a spot of yours?” Cas asked, tone dark and menacing before he resumed alternating kisses and nibbles down Dean’s neck, shoving his flannel off his shoulders and onto the floor. He grabbed the hem of Dean’s shirt and whipped it up and off in one fluid motion, tossing it aside. Cas then shoved Dean back, with hungry eyes roving over his now bare torso.
Dean sat, back still against the wall, staring blankly ahead, trying to process what the fuck had just happened. Who the hell was this man? He knew he owned the club, he knew he could handle angry and aggressive individuals without breaking a sweat, and he knew that he was sexy as hell. Dean had been left breathless and more than a little turned on after whatever that had been. He wiggled a bit in his seat, readjusting and pleading with his dick to calm down. He thought back, trying to remember exactly what Cas had said but kept getting distracted when he remembered those gorgeous blue eyes searing into him, the dark and dangerous tone, one that promised delightfully sinister things. He shook his head, trying to clear it enough to remember what Cas had asked, what options he had been given. All he could remember is that basically one was staying and one was leaving and he knew damn well he didn’t want to go anywhere, unless it was someplace secluded and he was accompanied by this terrifying man.
Either way, the question leaves Castiel flustered, completely unprepared to talk about his bedroom with Dean of all people. As panic sets in, Castiel glances around the room, desperately searching for something to say. Feeling his cheeks start to heat, Castiel turns his attention to his feet and blurts the first thing he comes up with. "My pants!"
The next morning Sam is at the kitchen table with a giant mug of coffee, looking haggard and worn out when Cas and Dean come crashing into the kitchen, giggling and playful. Dean clad only in a loose pair of sweatpants, slung low on his hips, chest peppered with marks seemingly from the previous nights activities. Cas is clad in his boxers and an old t-shirt of Deans. When he bends over to retrieve something from one of the lower cabinets the scratches that cover his back are very visible causing Sam to roll his eyes and turn his focus back to the dark liquid in his mug.
Cas wiped Dean down, making sure he was as clean as he could be without a shower. He then tapped Dean's hip and indicated for him to lift himself up. When he did-again groaning his protest-Cas yanked the blankets down so Dean could settle himself between the sheets. He then pulled the blankets back up and over Dean, all except the top blanket which he tossed toward the hamper, he would clean it later. He slid in next to Dean and pulled him close, urging him to drink some water and eat a few pieces of chocolate which Dean did happily.
“Adam?” Cas asked, the man had grown at least a foot and put on quite a bit of muscle since the last time Cas saw him, right after Michael was killed. The man held his arms out and shrugged.
He shies away from where those thoughts are leading.
"Yes. I think I was going cross-eyed looking at all that information, so I stepped out to grab the mail. And it was the strangest thing just now," Castiel says, remembering how he’d seen Dean and Taylor in the distance as they paused in their walk home earlier, stock-still and staring off into the treeline. "I could have sworn there was something— or some
"Cas?" Charlie asks, her voice small and high pitched with worry. "You… saved Dean, didn’t you?"
To his right was the hallway that ended with the seemingly private elevator and straight ahead was another hallway with multiple doors leading off it, which he assumed led to bedrooms and bathrooms. It was definitely bigger than any place Dean had ever called home, not like that was a very difficult task when his car had been home most of his childhood. He never thought a space that was so spacious and void of personal touches could still feel so comfortable and cozy.
"The vampire that nearly killed him wasn't..." Castiel grins. He already knows the conclusion she's come to, and he has no reason to deny, "It was you?"
"He started it!"
"You ungrateful ass!" she points, folding her arms as she glances from Dean to the healing spell she'd been working on and back again, "Not my business but bringing whatever trouble you're in to my doorstep is perfectly fine?"
but i want to bc you're my brother and i haven't heard from you in weeks
bitch ik you need the money
The money Krissy had stolen.
Leaning back, she uses all over the strength she's got left, human, witch and angelic, to slam the edge of her heavy boot into Castiel's ribs, launching him through the air to the other end of the alley.
It felt odd, staying in a motel in the same place that his brother was going to college in. Hell, it was the same town that his brother owned an apartment in. But Sam left the life years ago, and no matter how many times he insisted he didn't mind Dean stopping by, he could tell that they hated all of the danger that would inevitably follow. Sam had a choice. Even with his psychic abilities he was the kind of hunter that could just leave the life. But for Dean, it wasn't so simple.
"Okay," Dean sighs, folding his arms as he tries not to look guilty for the apologetic looks he's getting from his siblings. He knows they so badly wanted to be able to pay it all, and it's not their fault they can't,
"Not that it's any of your business but I'm here for work. Sam doesn't mess with this kinda stuff any more, I didn't want to bring it to his doorstep," Anael glares at his accusatory tone, scoffing in disbelief
"I thought you were gonna die!"
"Don't say it," Dean points in warning, already moving to grab the diapers, but Cas manages to get them first, gripping them firmly as he continues to try and persuade Dean
"You did what?!"
Krissy shakes her head, looking up in thought as she begins to list, "Gum wrappers, q-tips, candy, nothing useful," Dean raises an eyebrow, not entirely confident that the 'candy' Krissy had found in their father's pockets was actually candy
"Sam's gonna meet me there," he tells her, trying to hide the fact that he's wincing in pain as he adjusts the collar of his denim jacket, "Plus vampires tend to not go for the attack when the sun's up. Burning pile of dust tends to be a little less intimidating than red eyes and fangs," Anael leans back against her dining table as her cat, Jinx, purrs, brushing lightly against her arm to be pet, "Aww," Dean teases the soft expression on Anael's face as she scratches behind Jinx's ears
"Hey!" he scolds, but it's clear that Jo is getting angrier and angrier as the number of brothers in the bathroom increases "Can we please make it through one morning with no arguments?"
"Yeah, well, it's not mine so you never will ever again and if you mention it to anybody I'll kill you,"
"Dean, I can pay the difference,"
maybe im busy
Fear comes out as anger when Anael tries to hide it "What. Do. You. Want?" she repeats, growing increasingly impatient. Castiel smiles again and, like always, it doesn't quite match his eyes
Gravel digs into her knees as she uses the blood in her hand to draw a perfect circle, around her at first. Using her free arm, she drags herself across the floor, smearing patterned scrapes of blood down the light denim on her legs. Once outside, she completes the circle of blood once again, watching not Castiel's dagger but his shoes. She waits, and she watches, and she knows she has one chance to catch both feet in the circle or she's dead
"Absolutely not!" Dean snatches both boxes, already pocketing the food money before quickly hiding the electric money. John's stolen from them too many times for Dean to not have a place that he can't find their money, "You don't borrow. You take,"
Dean has always been a light sleeper when it came to noises inside his house. He'd stay unconscious through police sirens and noisy neighbours but the second a step would creak or a baby would cry he'd be wide awake and ready. So he'd gotten used to being awoken before his alarm by the sound of tiny footsteps.
Not when their relationship became a lot more intimate.
His voice an angered whisper, Dean leans forward in hope that his younger brother, and the surrounding customers, wouldn't hear, "So you know that I can't let you pay for any of this, man,"
But she just can't help but ask, "Why'd you let him live?"
"I sure hope not!" Dean places a hand on his heart, pretending his feelings are hurt as he reaches for the handle, pulling the door closed behind him and leaving Anael alone in her apartment once again.
"Good morning!" Dean lets out a dramatic groan that makes his sister giggle before he lets out a deep sigh, brushing Krissy's messy bed hair from her face
"W-well yeah, I- I'm covering for your sister, actually..." Dean stammers, pausing in thought as he goes over what he's discovered about Cas's return in their conversation, "Which makes a lot more sense now that I know why you're back-"
A task that, still five years later, certainly comes with its challenges. Especially considering the wide age range. Each kid has their own set of individual, and usually age-appropriate, problems.
"You'd think wouldn't you?" Dramatically, Anael lets out a sigh, shaking her head as she clearly pretends to feel bad about taking the money, "But spell ingredients cost money so... here we are," before Dean has a chance to retort, he hears his phone buzz twice quickly from the pocket of his denim jacket hung up on the armchair. He frowns, confused as to who could be texting him at this time but his question is soon answered when he notices the mildly guilty expression on Anael's face, “Also I texted your brother,"
"Sorry," Dean retorts sarcastically, "I was a little busy bleeding out. But thanks," Although he gains little sympathy, following Anael with his eyes as she crosses the room again
"You gotta stop doing that, he doesn't deserve your help, Kris," She nods, giving Dean an over dramatic shrug as her grin grows
All his life he's been taking care of everyone else. The thought of taking care of himself is more of a daydream than a possibility. It's a fact he doesn't like to dwell on. And, honestly, between changing dirty diapers, middle school science projects and trying his best to help with high school algebra, a fact he doesn't have much time to dwell on.
"You said you were in your way to work, right?" Cas interrupts again, "You still workin at Harvelle's?"
Mary Winchester ran out soon after Krissy was born. Apparently, the burden of four kids was too much to handle, yet the guilty conscience of passing that burden to her eldest son was not. Dean knew she didn't give a shit. She proved that even further by stopping by for a rebound one night stand with John, and nine-month later dumping Jack on the doorstep. Another kid for Dean to take care of. Another kid for John and Mary to pretend doesn't exist.
And soon discovers there isn't one, "Shit..." Dean whispers to himself, before leaning back a little so his voice can reach the rest of the house, "Anyone know where the diapers are?!"
and to buy food and pay bills for
John Winchester fell off the wagon soon after his wife left him. Not that he needed much of a push since John and Mary were barely good parents when they were together, but at least they were there. Dean wishes he could say John had the decency to stick around but most of the time he finds himself wishing that he hadn't. He likes to call him the deadbeat that doesn't know how being a deadbeat works. He goes missing for days, sometimes weeks, only returning once he's hit rock bottom. Or run out of money he's scammed and stolen. Or been forcibly dragged back to the Winchester residence by Officer Donna Hanscum, who they were fortunate to have as a family friend.
Jo shakes her head in disgust, "I don't like that girl," but Dean knows better to agree and get involved in teenage drama. He only knows of Ruby, he's yet to actually meet her but if Jo says she's bad news then she probably is. Because most people in their neighborhood call Jo bad news, so for her to call someone else bad news they'd have to truly be a terrible person
Not when Cas kissed Dean for the first time on the swing set.
"Dean-"
ik !! thanks dumbass !!
"Great," he stops Dean's nervous rambling, "So instead of owing me money, I'll stop by at closing and you can make me dinner," Dean pauses, not noticing that Cas is holding their breath as they nervously await his reply. But this wasn't the first time he's had to trick Dean Winchester into thinking he's accepting help. Because if there's one thing Dean hates most it's being made to feel like a charity case
"Alright," he nods, "So you're clever," He forces a chuckle but Anael can tell his confidence is fading, "You just gonna leave me here?"
"What finally took down the great Dean Winchester?"
Castiel paces before Anael, ignoring how he follows her cautiously with her eyes. Casually, he buries his hands in the pockets of his slacks, "He told you that he'd been bested by... a vampire of all things," his amusement mocks her with every chuckle, "And you believed him? The great Dean Winchester. Beaten by some half-demon bloodsucker?"
That's about as far as he's willing to tell anyone. He has a 'gift'. One that, at times, feels much more like a curse. Because he can't control it. He can't shut it off. Everywhere he goes, he sees the true faces of all of the monsters around him. Fortunately for him, it fades away as soon as he knows what they are. So he doesn’t spend all his time staring into glowing faces with no clues what their vessel looks like. But that doesn't make it any less of a party pooper when he turns up to a bar after a hunt and discovers there's a pack of werewolves or a nest of vampires lurking that he inevitably has to kill as well.
Much easier than having to knock, or pound at a door with his fist, while he's barely strong enough to walk. He's bleeding out already. He's half considering that he hallucinated the sound of the doorbell. He doesn't even know if they're home. But he's hoping that the time 2:45 am meant the odds were on his side.
"I know," she agrees, a fact that catches Dean off guard at first. But it doesn't take him more than a few moments to realise that Krissy's smile wasn't because she was happy to have their father home. She'd clearly picked up a few tricks from Ben of what to do when John shows up unconscious on the kitchen floor
exactly you don’t deserve a muffin
"Coming in!" He kicks the door open and holds Jack over the toilet to finish his business as Jo gasps, grabbing the shower curtain to cover herself
so you’ll do it?
he hears his younger brother reply from his bedroom, and he sighs deeply through the sharp pain, closing his eyes.
"Be easier to tell you what she didn't do," he sighs, giving Dean a moment of eye contact, "But apparently she's better behaved than the other delinquents in there. They're letting her out for 'good behaviour'," for the first time, Dean and Cas share the same amused look
you can still come and say hi dean
"Y'know, I have these little superpowers that tend to help me pull through in times like these. Not sure if you know about 'em? Comes with the whole 'chosen one' deal?"
"No!" Dean yells, rushing over and knowing John was about to irresponsibly give the six-year-old a genuine response, "No, no, no!" He lifts Krissy out of her chair and onto his hip as Jo does the same with Jack, "Come on, clear the table, everybody out!" Dean drops Krissy to the floor so she can get her things, taking Jack back from Jo and ushering the rest of his siblings out of the back door "Have a great day!"
He needs help. Now.
"Ooh, cold. What kind of a way to greet long lost family is that?"
And now, it's her turn to laugh. A laugh that turns to a weak cough, adding more to the blood already on her lip, "No, I'm gonna let you go so you can try to kill me again," she sarcastically retorts
"What did she do?" Cas rolls his eyes, laughing again
Dean can already sense the shift in tone as he awaits Anael’s reply, "No. I'm not... I don't use my grace to help me with my magic anymore,"
"Morning!" John greets the three, earning a smile from Krissy but an agitated grunt from Ben. Which is ultimately more of a response than he gets from Sam, who just raises an eyebrow as he reaches the bottom of the stairs, giving John eye contact for no longer than a second before his gaze is moved to his older brother on the other side of the kitchen
Jo shakes her head, hovering her hand in front of her face as she talks with her mouth full of toast, "Can't," she shakes her head, "I have work straight after school," Dean just nods, knowing he can't really argue since they need all of the money they can get. So, he turns to Sam, a sympathetic yet pleading look on his face. His younger brother just sighs, nodding in reluctant agreement since he has no choice but to say yes
There's nothing in the world Dean could have done to prepare himself from the shock of seeing Cas again. His thoughts too much of a whirlwind to externally react. A mixture of,
Seeing Dean again was something Cas knew he was going to have to face, but was altogether dreading. The relationship he and Dean had was... complicated to say the least.
* * *
"Hey," slowly, he brings up one blood-covered hand from where he'd attempted to apply pressure to his wound, staring at Anael pleadingly, "I need a favor," he barely reaches the end of his sentence before his legs give and he falls forwards, finally losing consciousness after holding on for so long
"Electric. Food," Dean points at them, looking around at his family, "Put money in either but a contribution to both would be nice. Pass 'em around," he walks away from the table and back to the main kitchen, "And don't let either of the boxes get anywhere near John!" John shrugs innocently, earning glares from Jo and Sam as all the three kids at the table put in their contributions. Jo walks over, leaving her toast on the side as she pulls out all the money she has in her pockets, putting some in each box
Unconvinced, Anael continues to press, "Death by wooden stake?"
Placing a hand over his heart, Castiel mocks offence at her disgusted tone, "I'm hurt,"
Castiel.
maybe i have five kids to take care of without a sitter
"Wow..." he half-smiles, but it's not long before he reverts back to his usual emotion lacking retorts, "It actually felt a little bit like you cared that time,"
And she's right.
Between them is Krissy, who only just turned 6 years old. Lucky for Dean, she doesn't idolise her siblings, however she does enjoy trying to act like she's the same age. She pays her two dollars rent every month, and her brothers and sister don't really have the heart to tell her it's not quite as heavy a contribution that their part-time jobs offer.
"You're not the only one with tricks up their sleeve," Anael grunts, struggling to stand as Castiel has no choice but to accept defeat
Anael raises an angered brow, "You have emotions?" Castiel grins at her quick retort. Almost fond, but more crooked than affectionate. And when he doesn't continue further, Anael's eyes narrow. She knows better than to stick around rather than try to get herself out of whatever trouble he wanted to involve her in as quickly as possible. Knowing an extra Winchester was in town was trouble enough. Castiel meant bad news, "I'm leaving," her tone is as stern and cold as her eyes, stepping past Castiel
The first time they met they were only eight years old. Sam, who had just turned four at the time, had thrown a frisbee into the large tree at the end of Cas's backyard. And Dean, wonderful big brother that he is, decided it would be a good idea to climb the tree to retrieve it. Which ultimately ended in Dean falling out of said tree and right on top of Castiel.
Relief washes over Anael as she stares at the closed door Dean had just walked through for a long moment. They'd met a good few times before, she assumed that's how he knew where her apartment was, but whenever he was in town there was usually something big and bad on his tail. Something much more dangerous than just your regular vampire. But when he lies to her, which she always picks up on, she never tries to draw the truth from him. After all, they weren't friends. If he wanted her help, he would ask. If he was lying, he didn't trust her with the information that he had.
Anael tilts her head, watching as his chest rises and falls. Breathing. He‘s much more human than he let anyone know. Castiel's laugh echos through the empty alley, bouncing off the bricks of the buildings. There's blood between the teeth of his crooked smile. Bone crunches when he shifts his broken nose back into place and Anael grimaces
touché
"Had to cut it off. Got all bloody anyway you wouldn't have wanted to keep it," Dean sighs, nodding in acceptance but Anael can tell he's not happy about it, "God, take this," she rolls her eyes, pulling off the flannel shirt she has on and throwing it at Dean, who chuckles in amusement as he slides it over his arms, not buttoning up the front yet as he glanced up at Anael
"It doesn't have to be like this," before her plea can continue Cas strikes, this time with the dagger, "I don't wanna kill you, Castiel," She grabs his wrist, looking him in the eye as she struggles for the blade, "But I will," Castiel only smirks at their proximity. He dodges her next attack to elbow her in the mouth.
"No..." he agrees, watching her leave the room, "we mustn't," he heads for his top drawer, grabbing the first shirt he see's and bringing it towards his face to sniff once, which he deems 'good enough' by his shrug and exaggerated frown.
Silence sets in again and Dean lies back down, staring up at the ceiling as he tries to convince himself that he feels fine. But he knows Anael will speak up again eventually. Try to get some answers as to why the hell Dean turned up on her doorstep almost dead at 2 in the morning.
well i’m coming to see you
"Is that sarcasm I detect?" John raises a brow, "From my eldest son?" Dean lets out a humourless chuckle, clearly agitated by John's presence
Sam's eyes quickly snap up to meet Dean's, "$19.70,"
"I can tell," Dean nods, sighing dramatically as he continues, "Oh, and Ana?" She raises a brow, waiting for him to continue. But rather than telling her aloud he simply raises his hand, showing green paper between his fingertips. $20 bills.
"Better for Jack to pee in the toilet than all over the floor!" he retorts, giving Jo no time to respond before Sam turned his head towards the door, calling out to his older brother, "Dean! Where's Jack's diaper?"
Dean doesn't know when he hit the ground. He barely realised that the man that had attacked him had already run off. But the sound of his useless stick of wood echoing through the alley is enough to snap his eyes back open into half-consciousness.
"Hey, Cas," Dean looks down, letting out a nervous chuckle as he pushes the shopping cart closer to the cash register, "I, uh... I didn't know you were back," his eyes snap back up just in time to see that Cas was watching him, but they were quick to tear their gaze away once the other had noticed
"I'm really not," his voice is low and gravely and it makes Dean's ears ring before he's even thrown a punch. He's just frozen, begging his body to catch up with his thoughts. But it's too late. The creature grabs Dean by the lapels of his jacket and launches him through the air. He lands on the dumpster, hard, and rolls off into a pile of garbage bags. Groaning in pain as he tries to catch his breath, Dean forces himself up off the floor, his vision blurry. As what Dean had once assumed to be a vampire, lazily approaches him, Dean, still dazed, grips the wooden stake and takes a swing in hopes of being able to knock out the creature long enough to get away. But Dean's double vision makes it easy for the man to dodge the attack. He grasps Dean by the wrist and twists his arm, plunging the stake into his stomach. Dean's eyes go wide as the searing pain sends shock waves through his body.
"You've been watching me?"
"Sure you're not," replied Anael in a sarcastic tone. She sighs, tilting her head as she cautiously takes back the cup from Dean's bruised hands, "Gonna tell me what happened?"
And it's the slowest ten seconds of her life. Eyes wide because she's too scared to even blink and miss her opportunity
Dean rolls his eyes. He'd managed to keep down things much, much worse than simple healing potions, "I'm not a little bitch,"
"Shut up," she half-jokingly glares, following Dean with her eyes as he reaches the door. She tries her best to ignore the worry deep in her stomach. Because no of course she absolutely doesn't care if he gets hurt. Like he said, they're not friends. But spending so much time around humans, around humanity and feelings, you develop some of your own. And, even if it wasn't much at all, she did care if Dean lived or died, "Be careful,"
"Earned it?" Anael laughs "Last time I checked a hunters salary is still zilch," she makes a zero with her fist and Dean narrows his eyes as she continues tauntingly, "Credit card scams and hustling pool isn't earning it,"
“I'm not telling you whose it is,"
"Bu-bye," the two-year-old calls out quietly, earning a fond smile from Cas as he waves back and watches them go through the automatic door
"Cas-"
"Um..." he clears his throat, not pausing for long before his mind is made up, "Yeah," Hiding his relieved sigh, Cas smiles, giving a reassuring nod, "Okay... yeah, deal,"
Sam walks back to his room and manages to pull on his boxers before he sees Jack, stood in the doorway, devious smile on his face
Anael sighs, setting down her bowl to address Dean properly
Castiel shrugs, "What can I say? I was confident in my methods,"
"Smell it again, tell me what you'd rather do," Dean nods, getting the message, and lifts the cup in a joking toast
"Yeah, I noticed the pajamas. You sleep now?"
Also just wanted to add that since this started as a sm au theres going to be texts/gcs as well as writing! There may also be some additionally writing where there are only twitter posts/pictures in the sm au but everything else will be mostly the same! :D
He hears her yell in response, though he can tell by her tone she's lying. Letting out an amused chuckle, Dean decides to leave her artwork, opening the fridge and taking out Jack's breakfast
Breaking the trust of a Winchester is something everyone knows you can only do once. Because none of them, not even the youngest ones, gave second chances. But Cas had hope in his heart that Dean still loved him. Still wanted to trust him. Even if his walls were built much higher than before. Even if it meant only being Dean's friend.
"Trust me, I know,"
i’ll just order it then
hey, winchester can u cover my shift tonight?
* * *
i'm not arguing with you about this right now alright?
considering you can't run off again till you heal
As Jo continues to try and irritate Sam out of the shower, Dean makes his way further into the room towards Jack in his crib, who is standing ready to be picked up
yea i was sort of hoping for a no questions asked
"Because I-'' Anael hears her defensive and angered tone and stops herself short, taking a deep breath to gather her thoughts before she says, "Tapping into that level of power... there's only so high you can go with regular spells... I got into dark magic and... I didn't like what it was doing to me and I didn't want myself craving that kind of power anymore so... I cut myself off. No more drawing from my grace, just spells that I learned how to do by myself. Good magic,"
Jo narrows her eyes at her brothers, shaking her head in disbelief "Oh, so you're the only one that gets to have a peaceful shower?!" Sam scoffs as Jack finally stops peeing, allowing him to hold the two-year-old in his arms instead of at an arms-length
"Yeah," he nods sternly, "to study,"
"What do you mean not for free?"
But when he finally did leave, Dean didn't have a reason to go anymore. Jo had a temp job there for a while thanks to Charlie, so he'd occasionally stop by to walk her home. But he'd never go in. And lucky for him, his siblings all knew why, so he never had to go through the pain of explaining when somebody asked.
A sliver blade slips out from his leather sleeve into his hand.
"Dean?" the glow fades and Dean can finally see her. She looks like he’s just woken her, but last time Dean checked angels didn’t need beauty sleep. Especially not Anael.
"Oh, no goodbye for your father?" Dean shakes his head and Sam clenches his jaw, all but laughing at his father as he pauses in the doorway, hand resting on the handle
An awkward silence sets in, only broken by the beep of the scanner every time a new barcode is swiped. Neither of them knows what to say.
But as he turns the corner he's met with the familiar red glow that always surrounds the body of a vampire. The glow fades and he counts the vamps; two guys, two girls, four victims.
Of course, for the first few years it was just a close friendship. Dean would help Cas with his homework, and Cas would help Dean drag John's drunk, unconscious ass back into the house so he didn't freeze in the winter snow or burn in the summer sun. He was there when Ben was born. When Krissy was born. When Mary left. When she dropped another baby on their doorstep. For all of it.
stop texting me i need to drive
Everyone else in the house should definitely be getting up and ready by now. He turns back to Krissy, letting out another dramatic sigh as he nudges her lightly with his elbow, "We should probably wake everybody else up, huh?" Krissy nods, pushing herself off the edge of the bed as she makes her way towards Dean's bedroom door
"Now there's two words I never thought I'd hear when talkin 'bout your little sister," Dean pauses and looks up in thought, remembering that Cas has more than one little sister, "Either of them, actually," He comments, earning another laugh from Castiel
Dean can feel that there's one left behind him. He can't see it, but he knows it's there. He spins on his heels, deciding to go for a punch instead of blindly aiming for the heart. But when his fist lands on the creature's face Dean's eyes go wide at the pain in his hand. It's as if he just punched a metal wall. Its body didn't even move when it was hit. Only his head turns to the side, showing no sign of feeling pain.
And certainly not when Cas left for college, barely even saying goodbye.
* * *
since i never ask u <3
"Maybe not..." John trails off, having assumed that he's simply forgotten he already spent it rather than one of his children stole it. And Dean takes the momentary silence as an opportunity to change the subject
"I call first shower!" Sam yells from down the hall, and Jo looks up in horror, barely giving Dean enough time to move out of the way before she runs out of the room
Dean chuckles, moving the bedsheets out of the way so that there was a flat space in front of Krissy on the mattress, "How much did you get?" Clearly pleased her brother knows her so well, Krissy's smile beams as she finally places a pile of crumpled up bills and a few coins on the bed between them
"Hey!" they turn, hissing in anger as, slowly, he pulls the wooden stake from his jacket pocket, "Not exactly the kinda place I'd pick for a double date," they glare, fangs bared as Dean walks closer, confidence in his tone, "Then again, a romantic picnic in the sun is probably off the table for you, right?" distracted by the hunter, the vampires don't notice how far from their targets they had walked to face him. He glances behind them at the scared humans as their hands shake fearfully as they cover their blood covered necks, "Go!" but he has no time to waste before the vampire's whose meal he had interrupted decide to fight back.
So he lies.
"Hey, dude," he chuckles, using a more high-pitched tone like he always does when talking to the little ones. But he doesn't have long to wonder why Jack has wandered into his room with no clothes on before he starts peeing all over the carpet, "Oh shit!" In a panic, Sam runs over and lifts his brother, holding him at an arms-length, "Jet stream!" he turns, sending the pee that was once spraying on the carpet onto the walls
"Yeah, I- I got a new phone," he explains, "Lost all my old contacts," Dean can tell he's lying, but he knows that finding out the truth would hurt even more than the lame excuse he got.
"Thirty one dollars and... forty two cents," She proudly states as Dean's grin widens, bringing up a hand to mess up Krissy's hair teasingly
"Fuck off, John," a proud smile appears on Dean's face as a surprised frown appears on John's. He can't even scold his son for his colorful language before he slams the door behind him.
wtf </3
But finally it does. And all he sees is a bright, ethereal glow.
But Cas beats him to it
