that Castiel is all too glad to provide, craves it for himself too. He opens his mouth for Castiel’s tongue, eagerly meeting it with his own, and Castiel threads his fingers through Dean’s hair, Dean breaking away with a gasp when Castiel tightens his grip. Castiel takes advantage of the opportunity to tilt Dean’s head back and expose his throat, admiring its unblemished surface before getting his mouth on it.
But then Cas murmurs
– and again Dean’s reminded of the very first time they did that, caught off guard and scrambling to cover their tracks.
For the next couple of days he paces, fidgets, sleeps restlessly. He also keeps checking his phone so often that he gets disgusted with himself, but that doesn’t stop him from doing it. He cycles through all his compulsive self-soothing behavior: rearranging his entire room, washing ten cars in the garage (not including his own), alphabetizing his movie collection. He’d planned on cleaning the kitchen within an inch of its life, but he took one look at the counter and
—” and his obscene litany gets cut off on a groan as he suddenly peaks, spilling over his fingers, coming in long spurts onto his belly.
Rather than dwell on how much these encounters irritate him, he often reminds himself how profoundly they care for one another, that Dean trusts him enough to let down his guard and reveal himself more honestly than he has with anyone else. That’s where his truest beauty lies, in the parts of him beyond
“If you can’t…”
enjoy watching that, he’d still readily trade it for the chance to be the one who drove Dean to ecstasy.
Dean flushes at the compliment, feels the blood rush the tips of his ears, sees the pink travel down his chest. He
Dean’s forced up onto his toes as Cas rolls his hips hard, just a few sinuous motions before slipping lower, between Dean’s thighs. Cas groans, sounding surprised and
then, one that he’s hardly gotten to touch in weeks. That gets him thinking less about made up scenarios and more about the ridiculous tempting
Cas just shrugs mysteriously, squeezing Dean’s hand in his.
, Dean never used to question this kind of boldness. But now he’s realizing how ballsy it is for her to just assume that he’s open to something, not considering that he’s seeing someone—or that the person he’s seeing is
, I just…”
He can be patient. He’s managed so far.
“Yeah?” Dean breathes. “What do you want to do?” He licks his lips, deliberate, provocative, stomach flipping in arousal when Cas tracks the motion with obvious interest.
“What?”
“So you do that, and I’ll do this,” Castiel affirms, smiles at Dean until he smiles back.
Dean nods in silence and notices he’s fully hard already, cock straining against his belly.
that’s so good, even just that tiny bit of friction, especially with the perfect pressure of Cas’s fingers wrapped around him.
“No,” Cas breathes, tilting Dean’s face towards his, kissing him thoroughly, “It isn’t.”
Castiel wants that as well, more than anything – to be able to stay, to truly make his place with Dean a home. He desperately hopes that someday that will be more than just a fantasy, more than a distant, abstract possibility.
“Lemme stop you for a sec,” She looks at him shrewdly, but doesn’t appear annoyed. “Not to totally make assumptions here, though I get the feeling I’m not far off the mark, but are you sure it’s me you wanna talk about?”
“What do you want, Dean?”
end up wrapped around Cas during the night but his dick doesn’t get the memo that this isn’t actually the time or place. It’s no surprise that he wakes up hard, Cas’s muscular thigh wedged firmly between his own. He instinctively gives into the urge to grind against the warm, solid pressure – this scenario has played out favorably so many times in the past – pushing his face against Cas’s neck and letting out a bleary groan. But then Sam stirs in the other bed, rolling over with a grunt, and Dean recoils when he realizes where he is, stumbling to his feet and into the bathroom to morosely rub one out in the shower. Inviting Cas to join him is probably a terrible idea, but it’s a persistent temptation, an enticing thought that speeds him to the finish line sooner than expected—sated, in some interpretations of the word, but unable to shake the lingering sense of dissatisfaction.
Dean’s climax seems to go on for ages until Dean’s finally reduced to a whimpering mess, and Castiel’s forced to slow his pace as Dean comes down. Not just to give Dean a chance to recover, but to pull himself back from the edge. He can’t quite stop himself from moving entirely, minute hitches back and forth that Dean eventually rolls his hips to meet, encouraging Castiel to find his rhythm again, sighing happily against Castiel’s cheek.
and all, but I don’t think you have to work so hard to impress your boyfriend over there.” He scoffs. “I know what people like him are like. Got that
Dean can’t help but be drawn to the sight of Cas’s hands as he shuffles the deck, taking the opportunity to give Cas a lingering once-over while he’s focused on passing out the cards. He’s looking especially good today, wearing a plaid shirt that he actually bought himself instead of pilfering from Dean’s dresser. He’s got the sleeves rolled up, a few buttons undone, and Dean’s eyes wander helplessly from his forearms, to his chest, to the two-day stubble lining his jaw.
, never be able to get enough of Dean’s sweet mouth against his own, especially now, denied of this indulgence for what felt like a terribly long time.
“Guess we don’t need to go wandering in the wilderness today,” Dean teases, an intriguing glint in his eye.
like a funny story, but Charlie’s grinning, carefree and mischievous, and if it’s a tale she’s eager to tell, Dean’s definitely all ears.
Dean’s eyelids are heavy and sleepy, his features relaxed, and the fact that he doesn’t immediately wrench himself away from this intimacy makes Castiel feel daring, giving in to the urge to let his fingers brush through Dean’s hair. His heart beats faster when Dean sighs contentedly at the gesture, briefly closing his eyes and leaning into the touch.
He locks eyes with Cas again and finds himself breaking out into a goofy grin. He’s not even that drunk, just riding high on a surge of liberation and how fucking gone he is over Cas. Because Cas is hot shit, of course – it’s no mystery why people are falling all over him – but just being able to have Cas by his side is a heady feeling, gives him a rush he can’t chalk up to the booze. Dean doesn’t keep looking over his shoulder because he’s scared Cas will be gone, he’s just always grateful for the reminder that he’s still here.
Dean resists the urge to fidget. “No, dude, that’s the sexy voice.”
After Sam is kind enough to pick up some cake and champagne, they gather around the table for a more official celebration. Dean insists that he and Castiel feed each other their first bites of cake, and Castiel is happy to indulge him, captivated by the delight in Dean’s eyes as Castiel raises his fork to Dean’s mouth. It’s not long before Dean’s flushed and giddy from alcohol, pressing into Castiel’s space and kissing him, uncaring of the fact that Sam’s still with them.
Cas bristles in that familiar way, and Dean knows he’s about half a second from speaking up and putting this asshole in his place, but Dean beats him to it. “Can we help you, pal?” he asks, pleased that his voice is so steady, that he actually stands his ground as says something. It was only a short time ago that Dean would’ve ignored a guy like this completely, feeling too raw and vulnerable to find his voice, and then he would’ve felt shitty about for the rest of the afternoon. Probably longer than that.
“God,” Dean says, eyes dropping to the waistband of Castiel’s pants, to his erection pressing insistently pressing against the fabric. “You gotta take those off,” he demands, trembling finely in barely concealed anticipation.
Dean nods, licking his lips again, his shaky hands fisted in Cas’s shirt.
"You're right."
Dean shifts in Cas’s embrace, sighing contentedly despite the twinge of sensation that sets off – or maybe because of it. He’s going to be feeling this for a while, not just the pleasant, physical ache, but the lingering warmth in his chest, the satisfaction and comfort that ease him into sleep before he can count to three.
“They never do, do they?” Dean agrees, nodding vaguely. His brain’s a little mushy, so it takes a few seconds to register what Sam just said. “Wait, there’s a security camera in that room?” He really tries to keep his tone at a level of mild interest, but he can tell it didn’t work when Sam finally shoots him a funny look.
“He went to the, uh—” Dean’s got the word
Castiel can see it all plainly written on his face: the hesitation, the doubt, the self-loathing. The longer Dean’s silence goes on, the closer he is to just shutting himself off completely and letting things go, Castiel’s sure of it.
“Nothing,” Dean says before Jones can get a word in. “Let’s get out of here. This prick ain’t gonna help us.”
Then Cas’s hand is on Dean’s hip, tracing the waistband of Dean’s jeans, but he doesn’t move to undo them. He’s looking at Dean searchingly, and Dean knows that this is him checking in, making sure that everything is still okay. In the not-so-distant past he might’ve gotten his back up about Cas being so careful with him, but now he’s just grateful for the reminder that Cas cares so much.
“You were getting close,” Cas observes mildly, kissing Dean’s cheek, and it’s true – Cas definitely knows him well enough to tell.
again, and Dean’s never been that crazy about PDA to begin with but the novelty of it here is thrilling, and his inhibitions are low enough for him to actually enjoy it. Besides, who knows when he’ll even have the chance to do it again?
It’s only a matter of time until Cas breaks, and after so long keeping himself in check, it’s going to be devastating in the best possible way.
Castiel would chastise himself for daring to hope that he was the reason Dean slept better – or that Dean’s lying about his restlessness as an excuse to spend time with him – but the faint yet unmistakable blush on Dean’s face is rather telling.
?” he asks, almost too flatly to even be a question.
“You want to?” Castiel says, studying Dean curiously. It’s a welcome surprise that Dean liked it enough to do it again, that it wasn’t some frivolous novelty, explored simply for exploration’s sake. He’s not trying to embarrass Dean by confirming it out loud, he just needs to hear it again to be absolutely sure. Dean might need to hear it again too.
Dean pauses and thinks about it, surprised at how many ideas spring to mind now that he’s letting them. “Always wanted to spend more time at the beach,” he says after a beat or two, starting with the basics.
Castiel certainly tries his best to deliver on that expectation, but he can’t take full credit for how indescribably good it feels to be with Dean this way. It’s beautiful and familiar and thrilling, just as it is every time, but tonight Dean clings just a little bit tighter, moans a little more breathlessly, gives himself over to it so completely that Castiel’s heart pounds a wild rhythm just looking at him, flushed pink and panting Castiel’s name. There’s something unbearably tender in his eyes, tears welling up and spilling onto his cheeks, Castiel wiping them away as Dean chants
“Okay.” A few beats pass, and Cas shifts on his feet, clearing his throat. “I was planning on heading out in the morning.”
With the ice finally broken, Dean’s able to spend the rest of the day feeling relaxed in Cas’s presence, over dinner, idle conversation, a few rounds of cards that Dean loses but isn’t too beat up over because he just likes spending time with Cas.
Dean takes a shaky breath, rationality flying out the window, and does what he usually does when someone he wants is in his personal space, when they’re giving him every reason to think that the feeling is mutual. He closes the scant distance between them and presses his mouth to Cas’s because he can’t help it anymore, too tempted by the way Cas is
He seems to be doing all right so far. Dean is the absolute picture of surrender, and Castiel keenly notes how he’s breathing more heavily, a deeper urgency in the way he cries out when Castiel speeds up just a fraction more.
Cas looks down at him with palpable adoration and pride, one hand sliding to rest against Dean’s neck, the other gripping his shirt, hoisting him to his feet like he weighs fucking nothing. He turns Dean and steps in behind him, pressing him against the sink, and all this manhandling is entirely too much for Dean in this state, especially with Cas still giving off an intoxicating air of possessiveness. Cas gets his pants undone and wastes no time in curling his fingers around Dean’s cock, and Dean could almost cry at how goddamn good it is, Cas’s huge, warm hand stroking him with just the right speed, the perfect firm grip, the way he knows is guaranteed to get Dean there in record time, especially when he’s this worked up.
one. Now his subconscious just needs to get the memo.
, I—” he trails off into a gasp as he shifts gingerly on the bed, rendered incoherent by the sensation of Cas’s hand inside him.
Dean mumbles some vague agreement, still only half-awake.
It’s a pretty weak and corny attempt at flattery on both their parts, but it seems to appease Charlie anyway. She rolls her eyes affectionately, fighting back a smile. “You guys are lucky you’re cute,” she says with a sigh, shifting the car into gear. “Keep it PG back there, all right? Don’t make me dump your asses on the side of the road.”
he is absolutely sincere in his admiration. The fact that Cas has an unfathomable amount of knowledge is pretty fucking awe-inspiring, if you ask him.
“Okay,” Castiel replies with a soft smile of his own—it’s meant to be reassuring, but he’s certain it only appears hopelessly fond.
The silence drags on a beat too long. Cas doesn’t seem nervous, exactly, more like he’s still finding his footing, testing it out. Maybe, like Dean, he’s strangely apprehensive about something they’ve more or less done before, because he’s so much more
With the moonlight streaming through the window and Dean’s eyes finally adjusting to the dark, he can just make out the smirk on Cas’s face.
But Dean makes it easy, so pliant and trusting, giving himself over to Castiel’s exploration, spurring him on. He tips his head back, neck bared in an invitation Castiel can’t say no to, but he only lingers a moment; there’s so much more he wants to familiarize himself with. His fingers trail across Dean’s stomach and up his chest, brushing a nipple and staying there when Dean sucks in a sharp breath, then follows that path with his mouth. A gentle bite on Dean’s nipple earns Castiel a groan and an exhilarated laugh, fading into a whimper when Castiel doesn’t relent. He’s insistent with tongue and teeth, giving the other side equal attention, pinching and rolling between the tips of his fingers.
it, the bastard.
?” Dean’s not entirely sure how to feel about his dream self getting down with Cas before his real self got the chance.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam interjects, lips quirking in one corner, but still looking at least a little apologetic.
Dean swears as Castiel finds what must be a particularly sensitive spot, letting his legs fall farther apart, encouraging Castiel to press against him more heavily. It’s pure bliss when their hips brush together, the two of them separated only by a few thin layers of cotton, the friction electrifying.
Castiel to just chase his completion unimpeded because they both understand that this is where things have been headed all along.
Dean runs his hand down the length of Cas’s spine, gazing up at him in a way that he hopes is enticing. “You wanna elaborate on that?”
part of that.
That all flew out the window the second he locked eyes with Cas, registered his expression of mild disgust. And really, what
“You should be in bed with me instead,” Castiel grumbles. Omelets sound nice, but being wrapped up with Dean beneath the blankets sounds even better.
With the sheep in place, Cas hops down to secure the gate and lead his horse into the stable. Dean, against his better judgment, follows him inside.
“Think so,” Dean replies. Castiel’s glad to see that Dean’s taken the question as a genuine inquiry, not a request, and doesn’t give the answer he thinks Castiel wants to hear.
“Think I want you to get on with it,” Dean grits out, more desperate than irritable. And Cas does, dips his head forward and attends to Dean with slow, broad licks with the flat of his tongue. “I—” Dean’s voice hitches, not even sure what he’s trying to say. Christ, there’s still something that feels dirty and wrong about this, but fuck if that doesn’t turn him on more. “Oh, yeah,” he gasps when Cas smoothly thrusts his tongue
Cas hums, pleased, and gives Dean what he wants – he leans back in with enthusiasm, uses slick teasing strokes and delicate flicks that leave Dean swearing fretfully, writhing on the sheets.
In an instant, the light is all he can see, its luminescence drowning out Dean’s grim surroundings. The broken bodies fade into the background, the blazing hellfire snuffed out, overwhelmed by this new presence. The lash falls from Dean’s hand.
Cas just sags against him for a moment, arms tight around Dean’s middle, pressing a kiss into his hair as their heart rates settle, as their breathing evens out. Dean closes his eyes briefly, calmed by the steady warmth of Cas behind him, and rests a hand on Cas’s forearm, giving it a grateful squeeze.
“I’m all right,” Cas replies. “What about you?”
It’s nothing short of exhilarating to know that Dean’s receptive to this, that he’s just as eager for it, because now that Castiel has touched him, has kissed him and felt him beneath his fingertips, he has no hope of ever stopping. Castiel would lose his mind if he never got to have this again.
It’s not too crowded tonight, but there are a few people watching the football game on a shitty little tube TV in the corner. Dean’s not really interested, but during a commercial break, an ad for some department store catches his attention. It’s a typical corny ‘tis the season’ spot, complete with perfectly roasted turkey and an extended family decked out in wholesome sweaters that would make Mr. Rogers jealous. And then, well, they don’t really make a big deal about it, but two of the men sitting down for holiday dinner appear to be a couple.
It takes all of Dean’s willpower not to say
“You don’t have anything to be embarrassed about,” Cas replies smoothly as he gathers Dean close again, his hands reassuring on Dean’s back. “I rather enjoyed them,” he says in a low voice, a glint in his eyes that Dean is
dead-set on being uncooperative. “Any witnesses?” Dean offers, knowing Jones isn’t going to meet him halfway. “Evidence of foul play?”
– but before he can even get to the first bullet point, he’s out like a light.
Dean’s indignant at the implication.
he is first thing in the morning, his hair in disarray, squinting sleepily over a cup of coffee.  Or how he’s overcome by unabashed enthusiasm when a certain song comes up on the radio, pointing out his favorite parts, citing random facts and trivia while he drums his fingers on the steering wheel. Or… or that look of raw, aching need he gets when Castiel tugs his hair just the right way, pins him to the mattress with firm fingers around his wrists, holding them in place beside his head. The way he pleads and groans broken pieces of Castiel’s name while he squirms in his grasp.
, that’s what I want,” he says emphatically, because this is part of what they need to work on, that whole
Dean had foolishly thought Cas would calm down once they got out of the bar, but given the way he’s seething in the passenger’s seat, that assessment was pretty far off.
“Yeah. Hope that’s not, uh. Presumptuous of me.”
And yeah, he sure does, but the whole
That could be a good sign, or a bad one, or even both. Castiel studies his face, his bitten lips, the sweat beading at his hairline. “Dean?” he asks, needing to be sure.
“You’re…
“Yeah, but—”
“Do you want me to be?” Cas asks, inclining his head as he studies Dean’s face.
Predictably, Dean seeks Castiel out the next evening, intent on picking up where they left off. Less predictably, he suggests that they watch in his bedroom instead.
“This wasn’t a…
bold.
, god, it’s so good. It’s what he’s been wanting.
“You know,” Cas says with a raised eyebrow. “That wasn’t particularly rigorous for a hiking trail.”
Knowing exactly what Dean needed, he presented it as a challenge. “You really can’t control yourself?”
That’s a deep well of imagery to draw from—fresh, vivid memories to remind him that what he has with Dean leaves them both
He hears Cas sigh and shift around, and suddenly he’s right up against Dean’s back, breath hot against Dean’s skin, arm wrapped around his middle.
And yeah, he definitely doesn’t look contrite, just annoyed over their moment being spoiled. Dean gets it – Cas is only expressing his regret for the world at large. Cas may be kind of a
Dean doesn’t know where the hell Charlie gets these notions from, or why she has to drag Dean into her shenanigans, but damn if she isn’t persistent.
of self-esteem, more that he’s radiating a sense of absolute confidence and certainty – that Dean is his, that he can give Dean everything he needs, and anyone else would be an idiot to even think they could remotely measure up. On another person, that kind of attitude would make Dean think it’s all an act, a display that was fueled by overcompensation, but he knows that when it comes to Cas, sincerity is at the heart of almost everything he does.
Dean hums thoughtfully. “Dunno what you’re apologizing for. Lotta ways you can act out if you get jealous. Having your way with me in an alley isn’t exactly the worst of them. I mean…” He pauses, catches Castiel’s eye. “Don’t see me complaining, do you?” he asks, those clever fingers winding around his tie seriously temping Castiel into abandoning his plans for later and finding out if Dean’s as quick to get on his knees here as he was at that bar a few weeks ago.
and staining the sheets.
Cas smiles at him in that pleased and serene way he often does. “I had every intention of staying with you that long regardless. I’m glad that this is the way I get to do it.”
know that. “Why would I?” he mutters, defensive. “I’m not looking for anything like that. I’m, y’know—” he hesitates here, unsure of his wording. “You know. Spoken for.”
you, and the person you were there, that’s not you.” He stops for a moment, eyes softening and losing their fire. “You’ve gone through so much more than you should. Than
He and Dean aren’t close enough to touch right now, but the distance is so scant that Castiel aches to shift nearer, drawn in by Dean’s warmth, lulled by his calm breathing. He settles for reaching out and letting his fingers brush Dean’s cheek instead, mesmerized by the sight of him in the morning sunlight, freckled and serene and so, so beautiful.
Dean lets out a breathless
By the look of Sam’s suspicious glare, he doesn’t seem to buy it. Cas, unhelpfully, doesn’t look too convinced either.
Stuff like the run-in at the front desk is directed at Cas too, in a technical sense, but it never seems to bother him like it does with Dean. He wasn’t raised in a human world, wasn’t driven to those kinds of hang-ups, and he’s not the kind of guy who gives a fuck what people think about him either way. And Dean—well, for his whole damn life he’s made a show of adopting the same attitude, that he does whatever he wants and doesn’t care how the world sees him, but… maybe it’s starting to hit him how much of a show that really was.
Castiel didn’t know Dean would be like this. Or—maybe that isn’t surprising in itself, but he’s taken aback to see Dean allowing himself to be this way, that he’s been craving it so badly that it overrides all his hangups, his incessant denial and posturing. Castiel can scarcely imagine how many times Dean’s been expected to be strong and take care of everything. Castiel would do anything to relieve him of that burden. His motivations aren’t pure, perhaps – it undoubtedly fulfills some primal, protective part of him to have Dean put himself into Castiel’s hands like this – but if this is something Dean needs, then Castiel can’t conceive of anything easier, anything more natural to provide.
“Yup,” Dean says with a laugh. “Really did a number on me.”
Dean swallows and sets aside the instinctive denial, but finds he has nothing else to say. He wonders where this is going, if the emotional confession he half-expected the other day is finally about to happen. He doesn’t think he’s really ready for that. Right?
Castiel considers Dean’s meaning, how on the surface, it’s as if he’s trying to do Castiel a favor, alleviate his concerns about making mistakes, but beyond the words, it sounds more like Dean’s the one asking something of him. Dean’s flippant comment about how he ‘isn’t complaining’ about Castiel’s behavior wasn’t really new information, but when he lets himself scrutinize that fact more carefully, he finds himself wondering if Dean isn’t just gamely putting up with Castiel’s quirks or generally being understanding and
She’s back to scrolling on her iPad, but she raises her eyebrows in acknowledgment. “Yeah?” she asks. When she gets no response, she looks at him and prompts, “Wondering what?”
Castiel isn’t entirely at ease right now either. One attempt is never enough to make him complacent or assume mastery with anything, no matter how quickly he takes to it, and certainly not with anything like this. He’s still starkly aware of how much care this requires, how much trust Dean is placing in him. He takes this just as seriously as he ever has, if not more, trying not to rush despite his own impatience.
he decides to be chatty. “You don’t seem too busted up over it,” he mutters through gritted teeth. Dean’s capacity for politeness wasn’t much to begin with but it’s shrinking fast.
Dean sighs and jams on the button for the elevator.
Dean’s eyes lock with Castiel’s, still shining with desire, and suddenly it’s
, let alone over something like… this. He can’t deny that that aspect has him shying away a little, braver about these kinds of conflicts – the secretly personal kind – when they’re just hypothetical. Actually facing them is always more upsetting than he’d planned for, keeps him from wanting to engage, but Cas has no such reservations.
,” – Cas makes a good show of sounding shocked, Dean’ll give him that much – “That is
cereal was on the list.”
He can’t really be surprised that being with Cas can be pretty damn emotional, that sometimes he could literally fucking cry over how good it feels for someone to look at him that way, to touch him so tenderly – someone, but Cas especially.
“Really though,” Charlie continues, breaking Dean out of his thoughts. “How often do you get to go somewhere with Cas without looking over your shoulder for boogiemen? And I’m not talking about monsters, I mean like, you know,” she gestures vaguely. “Jerks.”
Cas is understandably unmoved by his performance and tugs on his hair, smirk widening into a wicked grin when that elicits a whimper Dean can’t quite keep down. “Don’t pretend you didn’t like that.”
“That’s only one of your many charms,” Castiel replies, keeping his tone light. “I know you’d never believe it if I told you that you were perfect,” he says, voice gentle, more serious. “But you’re perfect for
in the opportunity to do so, but it’s always compelling to watch Dean work himself into a frenzy of arousal with little direct input from Castiel.
Almost too soon they are officially
As much as Castiel wants to stay with Dean all night, he thinks better of it, not wanting to embarrass Dean if he should wake up. But he stays until he’s sure Dean’s fully asleep, breaths steady and deep, before returning to his research.
“Well, she was hardly subtle, was she?” Cas grumbles in reply.
“Dean,” Castiel attempts. “It’s late. Maybe you should call it a night?”
Dean looks on, the silence heady, as Cas undresses. He peels off his shirt and runs his hand down his torso, quirking an eyebrow in amusement as Dean tracks the motion, biting his lip as Cas reaches for his belt. They’ve barely even done anything but Dean feels his arousal start to build rapidly, light-headed just from waiting, from looking at Cas, from
He doesn’t trust himself to stay in the inviting warmth of his bed without giving into temptation, and he doesn’t think he’ll manage to fall asleep again anytime soon anyway, so he tosses the blankets aside, stumbling out of his room and into the kitchen, head still swimming with arousal, among other, more confusing sensations.
They start out as they’d agreed beforehand, Dean pressed back into the mattress with Cas inside him steady and deep. That always leaves Dean relaxed and pliant, but today they’re taking it a bit further, Cas working one of his fingers in alongside his cock, then another until Dean’s fuller than he’s ever been – and that’s not even close where he’ll be before the night is over.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean mutters, face burning. “You know what I’m talking about, right?” Cas has done his research in this area, Dean’s sure of it. His thirst for knowledge always goes into overdrive with this kind of stuff and there’s no way
And then that turns into a whole
“No,” Dean says quickly, hoping his expression is as inscrutably neutral as Cas’s is.
The last of the melee combatants has been dispatched, leaving Cas as the clear tournament winner. He waves to the crowd as it erupts in applause, sending a knowing nod in the direction of the royal family. By all appearances, it’s merely a respectful gesture, but Dean catches the glint in Cas’s eyes when they land on Dean, lingering as Cas turns away and strides out of the arena towards the competitors’ tents. Dean wastes no time in slipping out of the stands and taking off after him.
“You should get some rest,” Cas says, palm resting against Dean’s face again. His voice already sounds far away.
send Dean’s mind reeling.
It’s not like Dean’s done anything special here, nothing that could ever make up for all the shitty things he’s done in his life. “Cas,” he says, plaintive, too burned out and inarticulate to do this right now. He’s already in tears from being absolutely
Cas winds his fist in Dean’s hair faster than a blink, getting his attention. “You are,” he insists, a slight growl that brooks no argument. “For me you are. When we’re like this.”
. Castiel eyes him coolly, trying not to look too dubious. “Was there a particular book you thought we should reference?” he asks, knowing perfectly well that, judging by how light his bag was, Dean hasn’t brought along any books at all.
One evening finds them relaxing together in the tub. Castiel was skeptical about the two of them fitting, but Dean was obviously determined to try, and there was no way Castiel could deny him.
“M’okay,” Dean mumbles, not able to articulate much more.
, if only Cas told him to.
Cas watches him calmly for a moment. Dean’s almost not sure if he’ll reply, but then he sees the determination in Cas’s gaze solidifying. He’s just thinking, taking his time. “As tempting as your mouth is, I wouldn’t stop there,” he says eventually. “I’d kiss you here…” He pauses, fingers ghosting down the length of Dean’s jaw – “And here,” he adds, voice quieter, not actually
“Sure,” Dean says, trying to sound nonchalant, as if his own interest isn’t painfully clear. “Long as you don’t show anybody,” he teases with a smirk.
Though he’s starting to question exactly what normal is supposed to be.
*   *   *
Dean tries to avert his eyes, but he can only deny Cas for so long. When their eyes meet, Cas’s intense expression melts into something soft but determined, touch soothing when his fingers card through Dean’s hair again. “To me you are,” Cas reminds him. “I’ve told you this. And I won’t stop telling you until you believe it.”
“Eventually. I noticed a pattern with the timing of the dreams and your… behavior.”
Cas just smiles at him knowingly and keeps walking.
about cowboy boots, so sue him.
Dean allows himself a few shaky breaths before lifting his face again, catching Castiel’s eye with a somewhat sheepish smile. He’s flushed and glowing with satisfaction and
“Whatever you’re thinking,” Cas replies as he inches Dean’s underwear down, slipping it past his legs and off. Dean readily parts his thighs so Cas can settle between them as he shifts down the bed. “What went through your mind when I suggested it?”
, isn’t sure he can wholly give himself over to this if Cas is only doing it for his sake.
, too prideful and ashamed all at once to find Cas and ask him to join. He sheds his shirt thoughtlessly, tossing it in with the laundry, but when he slips his jeans off, his eyes are drawn to the dark marks on his hips, his thighs, the smattering of hickies and fingerprints. He’s hard in an instant just from the sight of them, last night still fresh in his mind, even more vivid when he presses his fingers into a bruise, feels the renewed ache.
*   *   *
Cas’s voice is strained when he replies, but so deep with arousal it gives Dean goosebumps. “Very.”
Now Dean can actually see the amusement on Cas’s face, hear the slyness in his voice. “I did, didn’t I?” he says, glancing innocently away and back at Dean with a glint in his eye that – yeah, that, that’s
Dean leans in with purpose but then hesitates, hot breath ghosting over Castiel’s cock, making his jaw clench in impatience. He starts by trailing his lips along Castiel’s erection before he finally opens his mouth, alternating between fleeting flicks of his tongue and long, slow swipes. Castiel knows he’s just
Dean can admit to himself that that’s a perfectly reasonable point, but he sure as hell doesn’t admit it to her. He rolls his eyes instead, putting the last stack of t-shirts away and closing the dresser drawer with an air of finality. “Pass.” He doesn’t have nearly enough energy to be dealing with this right now, he decides, leaving his bedroom in search of food. If he’s going to be harassed all afternoon, he might as well do it with a full stomach.
Dean’s cheeks burn and his stomach twists with nerves and arousal, but he looks in Cas’s eyes and does as he’s told. “I deserve a reward, sir,” he says, relieved that his voice comes out steady.
Dean squeezes Cas’s hand, heart pounding. “Love you too.”
Dean feels a blush coming on and he has to look away, concentrating on the task at hand.
of it.
“Would it be arrogant of me to say that I feel good about my chances?” Cas asks, taking the bait and blatantly staring at Dean’s mouth. His hand is just a warm weight on Dean’s thigh at first, but then it’s moving with purpose, stroking dangerously close to sensitive areas, and Dean wonders if Cas cares so little about propriety that he’d actually go for it, touch Dean right here, hidden under the table. The idea probably shouldn’t excite him as much as it does.
“That’s an excellent idea,” Cas murmurs as he and Dean lock eyes, and then in an instant they’re at it again, Cas kissing Dean’s jaw, hand more overtly slipping underneath his shirt.
Word around the precinct is that Jones is new to his station. The last sheriff held the office for decades, would’ve been impossible to unseat if he hadn’t kicked the bucket, so Dean suspects that Jones is overeager, insecure like he’s got something to prove, flaunting his power now that he’s finally got his hands on the reins. It’s probably the first time he’s gotten a case interesting enough to warrant an article in the paper, and in swoops the FBI to steal his thunder – that’s bound to get under his skin, although Dean can’t imagine that he’s a ray of sunshine even on a good day.
“God, Cas,” Dean breathes, blinking back tears. Not even the most outlandish fantasy could have prepared him for this. “I—I’m not good at this.” He forces a weak laugh. “I was way better at it in dreamland, but—” Where does he even begin? He inhales deeply, bolstered by the patience and, fuck,
Because it’s not just that Cas was suave and muscular and rocked Dean’s world like only a literal dream man could, it’s that Dean can’t stop thinking about how Cas touched him, looked at him, spoke tender words into his ear that stirred up the same affection in Dean’s chest, almost like—
. It’s a relief that he doesn’t have to
. Neither of them can really look the other in the eye, their conversations brief and stilted, once-easy and familiar touches now cold—uncomfortable— or absent altogether. Cas keeps to himself or holes up in the library with Sam, seems to conveniently disappear whenever Dean steps into the room. He doesn’t even join Sam and Dean for dinner. Sure, he doesn’t need to eat, but he usually shows up anyway just for the togetherness of it, always praises Dean’s cooking until he blushes even if his palate is, well, complicated.
At first, Dean’s worried it’ll be…. weird, or something, now that they’ve started playing around with power dynamics, like it’ll start bleeding into their everyday life. But things between them are the same as they ever were. Cas still follows Dean’s lead during cases or in unfamiliar social situations, never acts like he has a right to
Castiel doesn’t want to miss a moment, though a part of him is eager to experience this
Dean can’t fucking wait.
Dean clears his throat. “Uh, actually.” He awkwardly puts the remote back in Cas’s hand. “I gotta help Sam bring some stuff downstairs.”
“I thought—” Dean starts, voice hoarse. “We, uh…” He trails off, eyes cutting towards the television.
*   *   *
, just continues to steadily turn Dean into a babbling mess. The shock has almost entirely worn off by now, given way to a sharp, heady pleasure. Dean’s arousal is sent skyrocketing with every smooth slide of Cas’s hand until he’s dizzy with it. Cas pushes just a little bit deeper on every pass. Dean arches back into it, whimpering faintly at the unyielding pressure on his prostate, his cock aching for attention.
Dean just shakes his head. “Cas,” he breathes, verging on desperate, but this is ridiculous. Why can’t Cas just let it go like last time? A pitiful noise escapes him as Cas withdraws his hand, denying Dean the grounding physical stimulation, and flips him onto his back.
And it’s true, he could do without another run-in like the one with Sheriff Jones, or the loudmouth at the bar, or the smarmy old motel clerk. But it’s nice to know that he’s capable of more than he thought, that everything’s a little less scary with Cas by his side, that things are only going to get easier from here.
Staying like this all night would suit Castiel just fine, but Dean’s feelings are still just mysterious enough to leave room for doubt. He says Dean’s name instead, fingers brushing Dean’s cheek as he starts to stir, leaning into Cas’s touch.
Castiel can feel Dean’s eyes on him at key points in the show’s plot, looking for a reaction – or, sometimes, glancing in his direction for seemingly no reason at all, darting away as soon as Castiel dares to glance back.
to keep his cool when he sees Cas. He might’ve underestimated how much time that would take, or just how deeply this whole thing has sunk his claws into him.
happens. That’s all.
since Dean came into the room. Dean could fix that if he really wanted to, slow Cas down and peel him out of his clothes. He reaches into the nightstand and hands Cas the lube instead. Truth be told he kinda
Cas still looks dubious, but Dean also picks up on something calculating in his eyes, and he can only pray that Cas is picking up the obscure, vague hints that Dean is laying down. The moment seems to pass, and Cas’s expression turns warm and fond again. “You know,” he says slowly, fingers brushing Dean’s cheek, a flirtatious smirk forming, “If you weren’t so attractive, we wouldn’t have to worry about this.”
Dean spends the rest of the day twisting himself into knots then talking himself down, only to get wound up all over again. He has definitely not been dissuaded from his gut feeling that this is a terrible idea, and it only seems like a worse disaster now that he’s actually planning on going through with it. Cas, of course, is sympathetic to Dean’s anxieties, but he’s experiencing none of them himself, and Dean can’t decide if that’s comforting or really fucking annoying. How does he keep ending up as the most neurotic person in the room? That’s so unfair.
Dean’s heart beats faster at the praise, and he fights to accept it because he knows that’s what Cas wants. “Thank you, sir,” he says, surprisingly breathy. The honorific feels indecent on his lips, capable of symbolizing so much more than a casual display of respect for his boss. Dean’s trying to push his luck a little, steer this meeting into something a lot more like pleasure than business.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “You mean that one?” he asks, eyeing Cas’s fingers with more innocent intentions this time. There’s a flash of silver on his right hand, a simple band with a Greek key design etched into the surface. It’s nothing fancy, but Cas had taking a liking to it. That was sort of unlike Cas, actually – when it comes to dressing himself he tends to throw on whatever’s convenient or comfortable, whatever’s soft or warm or smells like Dean. “Hard to forget,” he says, rinsing off the last dish and handing it to Cas. “You wear it all the time,”
over his shoulder while he hands it over at the front desk. “I hope you guys can control yourselves for a few nights,” Sam mutters once the clerk has disappeared into the back room, out of earshot. He says it with a smirk, because he know he’s getting a rise out of Dean, but Dean picks up on the genuine worry there, Sam’s fear that he’s going to hear or
Dean’s pretty sure that wasn’t exactly a secret at the time, but he’s never really talked about it before.
Dean shrugs as they take a seat at the bar. “Not what I was expecting.”
Cas putters around and gets something to eat before joining them at the table. Every time he takes a sip of coffee or a bite of toast, his flexed bicep is right in Dean’s line of sight, and every time he gets up to refill his cup, Dean’s gaze is helplessly drawn to the muscles in his back, the thickness of his forearms. He forces his eyes back to his cereal as soon as Cas turns his way again, giving up all pretense of actually eating, just pushing around his mushy cornflakes with his spoon.
Dean curls inward on a low moan, lets Cas hold him close as they move together, suddenly overwhelmed.
Cas leans forward when Dean doesn’t respond. “What would you do? To
Castiel smiles back as he lets his eyelids grow heavy, the lure of sleep more appealing than it’s ever been. Knowing that Dean’s at peace, that he’s feeling calm and protected, means that, finally, Castiel can rest too.
Dean bites his lip. “I’ll think about it, though,” he concedes, and the faint smile on Cas’s face widens.
Dean allows him to continue for a few minutes, until he’s relaxed and pliant for Castiel, but his patience has clearly run out. “Cas, c’mon,” he says, renewed urgency in his voice. “I need you,” he breathes, words seeming to tumble out before he can stop them.
They’ve gotten into more of a groove with this, deciding when it’s the right time for one of
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says, sounding just as pleased as Dean feels, palm resting flat and warm against Dean’s back.
Cas reaches over, resting his palm against Dean’s cheek, and Dean doesn’t even try not to lean into the touch, thrilled at the feeling of Cas’s strong fingers framing his face. Cas just waits for him to continue.
“He said he had some things to do,” Sam says, taking a bite of toast. “Why, did he leave his clothes in the dryer again? I told you your nagging doesn’t work on him.”
about it. I can’t just come out and say shit like that.”
,” Dean groans loudly. “Keep going,” he assures Cas when he hesitates. Dean knows his reactions might be hard to interpret right now, and the last thing he wants is for Cas to stop.
He’s normally more careful in public, wary of attracting this kind of attention – not that he feels particularly great about that either, acting like this is something shameful that he needs to hide, but it’s only out of self-preservation. For a second he wonders if these people are genuinely hostile, like in a minions-from-hell kinda way, but Dean knows the difference between murderous intentions and…
against his pillow, hand already shoved beneath his boxers and wrapped around his leaking cock. He should stop now that he’s awake, but he can’t help himself; he squeezes his eyes shut and wills himself to slip back into his dream because
Cas’s face goes serious too as he steps closer and squeezes Dean’s hand. “If I ever step out of line, will you tell me right away?”
The part of him that dares to be hopeful is pretty sure Cas feels the same way. He feels like he knows what it means when Cas looks at him a certain way, or he
makeout session in years, and he could be content with just this for hours, it’s that good, but his body has other ideas, revving back into gear after he denied himself any satisfaction after that fucking dream.
Castiel lets Dean’s strange behavior go for the moment, lets Dean get some food together and eat it uninterrupted, but as soon as his plate is clear and he’s downing the last sip of coffee, Castiel tries again. “So,” he says expectantly. “Interviews today?”
“Sure.”
*  *  *
and, hell, even costumes (Dean’s got some ideas, so sue him.) But it’s amazing how much they’re getting out of this with just Cas wielding his hands, his body, the commanding rasp of his voice. The other stuff’s fun but it’s clear that that’s more than enough. Just them.
” he gasps when Cas lets go this time, hips attempting to buck up but held down by Cas’s solid body. “Please, Cas, can I come now?” He doesn’t know if begging is what Cas is after, if he wants to break Dean down to pitiful pleas, but Dean can’t help himself anymore, words spilling out before he even has a chance to be ashamed of how needy he sounds – and surprisingly polite considering how his mind’s screaming at Cas to
beautiful.” Cas scrutinizes Dean as his blush deepens. Dean wouldn’t have thought it possible for his cheeks to burn any hotter. “Do you like it when I tell you you’re beautiful?” Cas asks, curious.
Castiel loses track of time, could spend
He doesn’t know how to respond to that other than leaning in and kissing Cas, indulging in the feeling of his solid, warm body pressed up so closely against Dean’s. This could turn it to something more so easily, has done exactly that so many times before, but he’s becoming increasingly aware of his empty stomach, so food might be in order first. They’ll have plenty of other opportunities later.
“You started without us?” he asks with a teasing smirk. “Always knew you were the wild one.”
Castiel doesn’t miss the way Dean quickly scans the room, relaxing further when he realizes they’re alone. But then he’s frozen by the expectant look on Dean’s face, not sure how to explain himself, nonetheless reluctant to withdraw his hand. This is where Castiel expects Dean to offer a brusque dismissal, to brush Castiel aside and pretend that Castiel couldn’t feel the way a tender touch soothed the tension in his muscles.
Charlie just looks more confused. “What do you mean? What were you—” She cuts herself off, understanding dawning on her face. “Wait, did you think I was taking you to a warehouse party or something? Is that what the glowstick thing was about?” She pauses to laugh, not unkindly. “Oh my god, could you
Dean’s mortified, mouth working silently for an agonizing beat or two. “
Castiel instantly perks up at the confession. “Really?” he asks, not even trying to disguise his intrigue. Castiel likes the idea of that too, Dean reveling in that pleasant ache, that reminder of how good Castiel made him feel.
Castiel’s breath is short and shallow as he presses his lips to Dean’s throat, weight sagging against him. Dean sighs and shivers at the contact, rubbing his hand up and down Castiel’s back, murmuring soothing snatches of words as if to ground him, but when Castiel pulls back, Dean’s the one with tears shining in his eyes, trembling beneath him.
Castiel considers his response for a moment, but he finds that logic hard to argue with.
“Well they are,” Dean says with more certainty now, encouraged by how pleased with himself Cas looks. “A guy could get all kinds of ideas.”
to do?”
Castiel catches Dean’s wrist before they’re separated too far. “In a minute,” he murmurs, keeping Dean in a loose embrace, taking a moment to revel in their closeness, the heat of Dean’s hands through his t-shirt, his whisk abandoned in the bowl. “How are you?” he asks. He may not have gotten much out of Dean the last time he tried to talk about this, but that won’t keep him from trying again.
Dean misses the warmth of Cas beside him, wants him here but is too embarrassed to ask, doesn’t want to seem so
“Not really, just, uh—” Dean says, stopping to clear his throat. “Just being thorough.”
“Oh,” Cas says, as if remembering something. “There’s no case. That’s why Sam was calling.”
“And it’s not just them that’s the problem,” he admits, barely above a whisper. “It’s me. Cause it still kinda freaks me out that they can tell. And I know it shouldn’t, it shouldn’t bother me at all, like why the hell would I care what some random douchebag thinks about me?” He swallows hard, losing steam. “Cause I’m not,” his throat tightens up and he tries again. “I’m not embarrassed about being with Cas, I’m
“Of course,” Castiel agrees readily, wondering if Dean feels like he needs to hide behind a physical barrier in order to not feel emotionally exposed.
but whimpers, “Yeah,” instead.
He looks up from the laptop screen to find Dean watching him, flinching as he’s caught, blushing as he lets his eyes drop back to his phone. Castiel’s stomach flips, heart beating a bit faster, because he’s nearly convinced now. He’s not wrong about this.
For a moment Cas actually looks a bit sheepish, even embarrassed – if he’s capable of such a thing – by Dean’s wide-eyed shock. “Maybe not all of it, but—” Cas pauses, huffing out a short sigh. “Well, no. Probably all of it.”
Knowing that Dean is hard for him is thrilling, though not entirely new, not since a few hours ago. He knows Dean was tempted, they both were, but there’s something gratifying about Dean being patient and willing to follow his lead. But now Castiel plans to do something about it, coax Dean to a state of delirious arousal and then beyond it, drive him to ecstasy, leave him trembling and panting Castiel’s name. He wants that more than anything.
They lie facing one another and settle into a silence, fairly comfortable considering it feels like they’ve taken some kind of
“I will,” Dean says with a nod, steadily holding Cas’s gaze. “I promise.”
is on the tip of his tongue, but it’s driven further from his mind as Cas continues, as Dean’s skin starts to feel hot and sore with each successive strike. The feeling amplifies with each passing second, a strangely pleasant pain settling in, leaving Dean gasping, overwhelmed.
What’s worse, those outbursts are still not easy to predict. It could be something overt that sets him off, a step beyond a lingering stare or suggestive smirk. Scott’s flagrant efforts to
He gently places a hand just above Dean’s elbow, the other settling on his shoulder, so close to the mark Castiel once left. That doesn’t escape Dean’s notice either, it seems, his eyes flicking towards Castiel’s fingers but swiftly drawing back, boring into Castiel’s once more. Castiel slides his palm up to the nape of his neck and Dean goes still, eyes just a bit wider than before, but he doesn’t push Castiel away.
A few drinks later, Dean can’t even remember what the hell he was so worried about. Being here with Cas is so great.
He definitely can’t blame them on lust anymore; half of them don’t even get close to scandalous territory.
“Right now, what I want is to pass out for a while,” he says, deflecting with a short laugh.
He orders a double whiskey from the bartender – the one that Charlie isn’t currently flirting with – and knocks it back in one swig. He lets out a slow breath, comforted by Cas’s elbow bumping into his, Charlie’s cheerful, relaxed voice making conversation on his other side, the swift dose of liquid courage taking the edge off just the way it’s supposed to.
That makes Castiel smile too, leaning in for another kiss that Dean laughs through, an unguarded sound of joy and relief that Castiel completely sympathizes with, definitely
Castiel slowly works his hand back and forth, the initial tightness rapidly easing from his ministrations. Feeling the heat of Dean’s body makes Castiel starkly aware of how hard he is, wishing he could bury himself inside instead.
Dean finally turns and looks at her, caught off-guard. He most certainly did
“Fuck off,” Dean fires back, barely separating their lips enough to get the words out. “We’re newlyweds.”
Of course, he can only anticipate Dean so much. There are certain things Dean might have buried so deeply that even he might not know exactly what he’s after, or what he’s comfortable admitting to.
It’s so rare for Dean that someone wants him like this, not because he’s an available warm body but because of who he is. Dean actually lets himself believe that this is something he’ll get to hold onto, because the alternative is just too much. There’s no going back from this.
“We should get a move on,” Dean says, although he makes no effort to actually move. “And lay low for a while. Guess we’re gonna be working this case without police cooperation, huh?” That does complicate things a little, but they’ve completed jobs under worse circumstances before, and he wasn’t exactly eager to spend more time with Jones.
It had only seemed natural to continue down that path, take up more of those mortal habits and idiosyncrasies, fall into his own circadian rhythms. Dean had found that odd, at first, perhaps even worrisome, that Castiel was adopting an unmistakably human lifestyle. He seems to have stopped questioning it. It was only after reflection that Castiel understood it himself.
between each gentle press of his lips. Dean’s stubborn at first, countering every whispered endearment with a weak protest, insisting
does that sound like a fantastic idea, one that should be reality right this very second. It’s only been a few hours since the last time, but that’s not a deterrent at all. If anything, it only makes him crave it even more, the memory of how incredible it feels so inescapably fresh. “You wanna be inside me, Cas?”
Dean, in some ways, was the very first – a mysterious, visceral
He can just grab Cas by the lapels of that stupid trench coat, haul him forward and bring their lips together, kiss that gorgeous bastard right on his smirking mouth because hey, it’s
Dean’s a few drinks deep when he slides into the car – he’d expected to chill out and sober up for a while, not leave so abruptly – but he’s driven in worse condition before. It’s a short and easy trip, so he’s not too worried. Either way, he’s in a lot better shape than Cas is.
Cas doesn’t say anything, but his left eyebrow inches up the tiniest bit.
you like.”
it even, and Dean happily takes the invitation, gaze lingering on Cas’s broad shoulders and thick thighs, able to fully appreciate them now that he’s not swathed in a trench coat.
There are days when Dean isn’t ceding control, not for
It’s also just Dean’s luck that avoiding Cas proves to be a lot more difficult this time around.
pouting. But just as he's mentally cursing Cas for even suggesting it, he starts to berate himself as well. He's better than this, dammit. He's perfectly capable of making the best of a dire situation without panicking or giving up, and he’s not going to let this smug asshole throw him off his game.
They’re in sync.
Later that night when they’ve managed to make it to bed and Dean’s sound asleep, curled up against him, Castiel lies awake for a while just watching him. Castiel is forever in awe of his loveliness but especially so now, Dean relaxed and at peace, leaning into Castiel’s touch like a plant seeking sunlight, a contented sigh escaping his lips when Castiel hugs him closer, kisses the crown of his head, Dean’s soft hair a ticklish but welcome sensation against his lips.
“Can I do anything?”
Dean tries not to squirm. “You’re dripping on the floor.”
Charlie leads off with a string of thumbs up emoji.
,” Dean blurts out, surprised at how easily he says it. He wants to berate himself for his word choice, but really, what other way is there to describe it? “In a good way,” he adds, “And still
“I know,” Cas says as he follows Dean into the next aisle. “I wasn’t… apologizing.”
Dean knows he’s successful when Cas’s rhythm starts to stutter, the sound of Dean’s name on his lips suddenly urgent. Dean feels the anticipation as keenly as Cas does, feels like he’s shockingly close himself when Cas finally comes. God, that gets him stupidly hot every time, especially now when he hasn’t gotten off, arousal driven that much higher by the feeling of Cas pulsing inside him, his teeth on Dean’s neck.
Castiel rolls his eyes good-naturedly. “You fell asleep.”
The thought of getting back to the cabin sets Dean’s mind running down a path he’d long told himself was forbidden, helplessly picturing all the things they could get up to
Dean marches up to him the next morning, pointing a playfully accusing finger in his direction. “You bailed on me while we were watching our show.”
Dean tells himself it’s about Cas, and it is, but he also wants Cas inside him like
For all Dean’s faux grumpiness, he can’t entirely fight a pleased little grin, unable to hide that he’s flattered by Castiel’s appreciative gaze. Castiel’s gratified to see that, because he can’t imagine himself breaking that habit anytime soon.
Cas practically purrs in satisfaction. “You’re so soft here,” he murmurs, so deep that Dean feels the reverberations. “Could you—just—” Cas asks haltingly, reaching down to encourage Dean to keep his legs closer together, sighing as they tighten around his cock, “
“You’re not gonna, Cas,” Dean says immediately, resisting the temptation to roll his eyes. Cas knows his limits well and listens readily to whatever concerns Dean might have; Dean’s not exactly worried about being hurt or pushed too far. Cas is so attentive, so concerned about his comfort and enjoyment. Dean wouldn’t exactly be asking for this if he weren’t. “Besides,” he adds after a beat, going out on a limb, “You know a little bit is okay,” he mumbles, feeling the blush spread across his face. It’s not that Dean thrives on pain, exactly, as much as the idea of things getting to that point. Dean doesn’t mind being driven to the threshold of too much and just barely crossing it – the feeling of Cas’s teeth on his neck, fingers tugging on his hair, the burn and stretch when Cas pushes inside him. He’s asking for more of exactly that.
Dean almost melts into the floor with relief as he complies, almost melts again at the satisfying warmth of being under the covers with Cas. It’s a tight squeeze for the two of them, and it occurs to Dean that they
. He’s willing to improvise but they’ve waited long enough by now, they can hold off to do that
*   *   *
you gonna come with me, or…”
Dean huffs out a laugh as they walk up the path and onto the front porch. “Yeah, you could say that.” Cas’s words might be understated, but Dean can tell he’s just as impressed as Dean is.
It wasn’t that long ago that it would’ve seemed unnecessary to give Cas somewhere of his own to stay – an angel who’s constantly on the move hardly needs a permanent place to crash – but Cas’s grace has been in a weird state of fluctuating reliability for a while now, and if he’s going to be following the Winchesters into situations where shit could get really dicey really fast, he probably oughta save the mojo for emergencies.
kind, because he feels like he’s already about to fly out of his skin. He’s gonna be wrecked before this even starts.
?” Dean continues. “What, does he want the whole staff to watch while he’s banging the secretary?” Shit, why did he have to say
as much as he can take, and he wants to make it so fucking good for Cas, but he’s too delirious with arousal for any finesse, shameless and sloppy in his desperation.
“I told you to stay there,” Cas reminds him, stern but serene, and
Dean knows what this is about, Cas’s insistence that he allows himself to have nice things without feeling guilty, to accept that he’s worth it. Dean tries to duck his head but finds himself unable to with Cas’s strong grip. “Yes, sir,” he mutters.
They have every opportunity to get it right, and it’s a hopelessly corny thought, but he’s never had a first time with anyone that really felt, well,
“Great,” Cas says with a smile as he slips his shoes off and loosens his tie.
Dean begins regretting that decision almost immediately, inexplicable unease setting in as soon as they roll into the neighborhood. He can’t lie, there’s something about these tiny old towns that creeps him out a little, and not just because they’re usually haunted like nobody’s goddamn business. This place looks strangely untouched by time, so sparsely populated that gossip gets around in a flash and god help you if your neighbors don’t like what they hear about you.
“You absolutely do,” Cas agrees in a low purr, petting Dean’s hair, and he sounds so
It’s one of those weeks when Dean hardly claps eyes on Cas at all, is only aware of his presence from tiny disturbances throughout the bunker: the occasional abandoned book in the library, a suddenly full shelf in the archives, or – dammit, Cas –
It never fails to awe Dean, to humble him, to know that Cas would put his life down for him in a second if asked, and not just out of loyalty to the crown.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Cas says, obviously making no plans to continue until Dean answers.
thing, and he may still cringe over that concept in theory, but in practice, it’s not so bad. Baring his soul, his desires to Cas is a little bit of a challenge but the prospect of hearing all the things
Dean’s relationship with Cas might not be a secret anymore, but it’s been a while since they’ve been stuck in a room with Dean’s cockblock of a brother. Dean has every intention of staying true to his word – it’s not like they’re gonna fool around with Sam
“Well, I started believing in angels, for one. Something not human that was actually good, actually on
Dean licks his lips, suddenly feeling bold. “What else did you like?”
He wraps his arms around Cas’s neck, buries his face there, and Cas murmurs encouragement in his ear, nonsense and sweet dirty nothings. He runs one hand up Dean’s back and into Dean’s hair, tugging on the fine strands, his other hand resting solidly on the base of Dean’s spine, curious fingertips dipping lower, tracing where Dean’s stretched and sensitive around Cas’s cock. Dean says Cas’s name again, overwhelming
is just as unpleasant as it’s always been, like a fucking itch under his skin. It’s not like Dean’s never gone a while without sex before, but it’s different being in the same
for the two of them later instead. He can’t say he hasn’t enjoyed the spontaneity of things in previous experiences – running entirely on instinct, almost unaware of exactly he’s going to debauch Dean until he’s already doing it, with Dean eagerly, breathlessly along for the ride – but he suspects it might serve him well to conduct himself more methodically, be more measured in his approach. Calculating.
“Huh,” Sam says, and doesn’t elaborate.
let alone trying to cram himself into a comfortable sleeping position, but hey, if he’s so concerned about it, maybe Dean can talk him into a massage once they get back. And that’s a thought that makes Dean’s foot even heavier on the accelerator – Cas a solid weight on top of him, powerful hands working Dean over until he turns into putty, melting into the bedding. And Cas is always so
“What if—” Cas attempts, stops short and tries again. “What if I told you that you couldn’t?” he whispers, the slight hesitation creeping back into his voice, as if he’s unsure that Dean will obey, although it’s not like he’s ever had that problem in that past. It doesn’t even occur to Dean not to listen. Cas reaches out with his free hand to cup Dean’s chin, turning Dean’s face towards his. “What if I wanted you to wait?”
The silence drags on long enough that Castiel worries Dean’s lost his nerve, but finally he continues. “I’m just saying,” he murmurs, voice low and unexpectedly vulnerable, “Maybe you don’t actually need to try so hard.”
that would affect them in any way.
The implication isn’t lost on Castiel, and he’s nearly undone by a sudden pang of desire just at the idea of it. “You’d let me do that?”
The three of them have been in town a few days, following a trail of suspicious and all-too-familiar incidents that led them, as expected, to a local group of vampires. They tracked down the nest in a nearby warehouse and cleared it out easily enough, but based on their intel, there’s still a straggler in the area that’s managed to elude them. Luckily, they have enough information to know exactly where to find it: a nightclub that’s seen a string of attacks they haven’t fully accounted for yet.
Castiel can see the dissention bubbling under the surface. It had been instilled in Dean at such a young age, that it’s his
Dean suspects it’s only the promise of real privacy in twenty minutes that convinces Cas to peel himself away. It’s not until they get to Charlie’s car that Dean realizes he and Cas were totally out in the open back there, way more of a public display than he’d ever allow himself if he’d thought about it. But it’s too late to panic now, and in hindsight there was no need for it anyway; he and Cas were totally all over each other in mixed company, even
this stuff out here is called?”
He finds Dean in the kitchen, whisking a bowl of eggs and humming vaguely to himself, oblivious to Castiel’s arrival. Castiel takes a moment to admire him, his strong shoulders, the curve of his legs, the freckles on the back of his neck, but before long Castiel can’t keep his distance anymore, crosses the room and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist.
*   *   *
Dean’s shirt is still hanging off of him but he can’t be bothered to strip down any further, swings one leg to Cas’s other side and straddles him, settles in his lap. He doesn’t want to break their kiss just yet, loving Cas’s plush mouth for the moment, how solid Cas feels beneath him, Cas’s huge hands taking a leisurely path skimming up his thighs towards his ass and resting there, proprietary. Dean winds his fingers in Cas’s hair and presses himself closer, rubs his cock against Cas’s firm stomach, his desperate noises muffled between their lips. Then Cas shifts just so, further down the seat so his dick’s riding back, filthy and suggestive, still slick from Dean’s mouth and right where Dean wants him and
Cas clears his throat, and Dean has to stifle a grin. He’s trying to play it slightly cool in front of Cas, not to mention he doesn’t want her to misunderstand the excitement on his face. “No need to thank us,” he says evenly, pretending to not pick up on her double entendre. “Keeping people safe is just part of the job.”
without you at this rate,” he grumbles.
When he trails off, the look on Cas’s face sharpens. Dean’s pretty sure that the cat is out of the bag and Cas knows something is up, but he doesn’t push Dean, just studies him intently and waits him out.
*   *   *
And lord knows they’ve kind of done this unofficially before, but now it’s for real, there’s a sense of
get over that edge after tamping it down for so long, but then Cas whispers his name, lips ghosting along Dean’s jaw, and suddenly the pleasure’s mounting quick and intense and Dean’s almost afraid it’ll be too much for him to handle when it finally boils over.
, unless Dean’s ears are playing tricks on him.
Castiel can only hold Dean’s gaze for a moment, drops his eyes to Dean’s palm braced against him. Dean’s sleeve has slipped down his forearm and there, plain as day, is the dark discoloration from Castiel’s tight grip. His stomach flips shamefully at the sight. The worst part is, if he’s truly honest with himself, he can admit that there was something
But it doesn’t
hit on anyone in front of Cas – that kind of thing used to be second nature for him, but it just feels wrong now – he just tries to seem… approachable. Dean knows how to ride that line, how to be open to flirtation but not appear overtly interested. It’s not an elegant method, but it works like a charm. Cas gets that look in his eye and Dean knows he’s got an enjoyable evening ahead of him.
Dean could have some fun with that.
Dean feels like he should say something, anything to ease his lingering anxiety, but anything he can think of just feels awkward. Words just seem inadequate for what Cas means to him, so absurdly insignificant after everything they’ve been through. They’ve earned this comfortable, meaningful silence, and Dean’s going to allow himself to just enjoy it.
Cas kisses him, nothing but easy affection and Dean lingers a moment before drawing back, shifts his weight so he can tuck himself in the crook of Cas’s neck again, where he always feels like he belongs. He sighs happily when Cas strokes his hair, pressing his lips to the crown of Dean’s head, keeping him close and safe.
He drags his lips along the crown of Cas’s cock, allows himself a few indulgent licks, gazing up at Cas. Heat blossoms in his stomach when their eyes lock, the unbridled lust in Cas’s expression eliciting a wanton moan from Dean’s throat. Suddenly he’s too impatient to draw this out any longer, adjusts his position and gets his knees on the seat beneath him, takes his time drawing Cas’s full length into his mouth, savoring the thickness pressing down on his tongue, humming in contentment. He pulls back just as slow, keeps looking at Cas as he pushes forward again, then again, quickly building up a luxurious, methodical rhythm. Cas’s hand comes to rest on the back of Dean’s head – not demanding, just carefully guiding, a warm, comforting weight threaded through his hair, encouraging his movements.
done this before,” Castiel finds himself thinking aloud. He had wondered about it, if this was truly an indulgence Dean enjoyed, if he ever allowed himself to pursue it.
It’s a lucky thing, then, that Cas often initiates, driven by his instinct to dive in head first, to try things out and pursue his findings through every possible avenue. That part of the process is right up his alley, finding Dean’s weak spots and exploiting them in the best possible way, unearthing new things for them to try and then escalating from there, building upon familiar ideas until they’re in untested but irrefutably enjoyable territory.
But that was different. Heaven wasn’t chosen, didn’t earn Castiel’s love; he was born into it, expected to have it without question. He was part of something, dedicated to it, but not in a way that made him feel whole, merely a cog in the machine. Meeting Dean, taking this path with him, made him feel like a person – complete, fulfilled, actualized.
Cas looks at him, his frustration evident, plainly unclear as to why Dean is holding him back.
Immediately Dean’s posture slumps by an almost imperceptible degree, but Castiel doesn’t miss it. “I mean, you don’t have to or anything.”
“Think we could get a look at the tapes?” He aims for friendly, because he does still want information from her, but he’s leery of encouraging her.
But those impulses can’t be ignored forever, it seems, and Castiel wonders, frustrated, where all his carefully honed self-control has gone. He never used to struggle with this kind of thing.
“We can’t,” Dean breathes, dismayed. He wishes it were only a coy protestation but the truth is that it’s really not a good idea, not in these circumstances, without anything to
” Dean says indignantly, blushing for a lot of different reasons. “I can do it.”
as it all clicks into place.
Dean’s still a little grouchy in the morning, speaking in monosyllables and stomping around as they pack up. Cas is patient with him, intervenes when Dean’s swearing at a stuck zipper on his duffel, cups Dean’s cheek and looks at them with those vividly earnest eyes. “We’ll be home soon,” Cas tells him, like a reminder, a reassurance, and Dean does feel his mood lift a little bit.
Cas gazes intently into his eyes as they lie face to face, their legs nearly intertwined, and pulls Dean into a passionate kiss. Dean readily gives himself over to it, rolling to let Cas press him down on his back, feeling flower stems bend beneath his weight.
They don’t get out of bed until much later. In fact, for the next couple of days, they hardly get out of bed at all.
Cas is close; Dean can tell by the way his breath is hitching, the way his fingers are digging bruises into Dean’s skin, and Dean
But he was—he was so
He does, very briefly, wonder if he should be bothered by this instead of embarrassingly turned on. Dean’s known a few possessive assholes in his time, and that kind of behavior had always reeked of insecurity, as far as he saw it. But it’s different with Cas. It’s hardly coming from a
Dean thinks
Dean shuffles up to the man at the counter (an older guy who looks inoffensive enough, aside from the worst fucking comb-over Dean’s ever seen) and grunts a request for a room with one king-sized bed, as he usually does, despite the wariness; he may be very guarded about this stuff but he draws the line at shelling out extra cash just to keep up appearances. Besides, it’s not like they ever stick around long enough to get a
Understanding dawns on Cas’s face, and he looks at Dean carefully. “I remember,” he says, and leaves it at that, still not giving Dean a fucking inch.
“Right, yeah,” Dean says, and Castiel didn’t anticipate that his response would put tension in Dean’s frame, the openness in his eyes suddenly more guarded.
, with this soft, adoring look on his face, and Dean reminds himself that this is to show Cas that he trusts him, to make an effort to communicate his hidden wants. This is one of those things he especially can’t expect Cas to figure out on his own.
Cas takes a moment to gaze down at him, fierce adoration written all over his face. “You mean everything to me,” he whispers, palm cupping Dean’s cheek. “You’re all I want.”
*   *   *
It’s ridiculous how a sentiment like that can still make Dean blush. “So I’m a bad influence, is that it?” he teases.
Dean’s mouth wanders lower, sucking a mark into Cas’s stomach, skirting around his obvious arousal and meandering down his leg, leaving more love bites against the muscled flesh. Cas’s cock is resting fat and heavy against his abdomen, and Dean can’t deny himself a taste any longer – he fleetingly runs his tongue along its length, just to feel it twitch toward his mouth, just to hear Cas’s breath catch, his grip tightening in Dean’s hair. Dean’s tempted to keep going, swallow Cas down until he’s writhing beneath Dean’s hands and spilling onto his tongue, but he tamps down the urge, makes his way back up Cas’s body until they’re face to face again – because he’s decided he doesn’t care about morning breath at the moment, he needs to kiss Cas right this fucking second. He braces himself over Cas, who instantly lifts his hands to frame Dean’s face between them, and dips down to meet Cas’s inviting mouth.
Well, fuck.
Sure, that kind of mushy sincerity is nothing to complain about. Even if, despite how corny it is, a line like that from Cas never fails to catch him off-guard, get him flustered and blushing in public like an absolute dork. But considering that the last time someone made a remark like that to Dean, he and Cas ended up defiling a truck stop bathroom, Dean can’t help but be the tiniest bit... disappointed.
Dean wonders if Cas can feel the way his pulse is pounding.
He tries to gives as good as he gets, at a bit of a disadvantage in this position but not complaining one bit, pushing his tongue into Cas’s mouth, no finesse at all, sloppily eager.
*   *   *
, to have Dean pliant and moaning beneath him, pulling him closer for desperate kisses. It’s humbling that he can reduce Dean to such a state with just this human body, no heavenly powers whatsoever – just his hands, his mouth, his
, pleased to see his joy reflected on Dean’s face, his smile radiant. “I can’t wait for you to show me,” Castiel says warmly, heart thudding when Dean’s lips meet his own, overwhelmed by how
at him, the mischief in his eyes lighthearted but undeniably suggestive as well, and Dean can’t help but be reminded of what happened the last time the two of them were together in a bar like this. “I think I remember your order,” he teases, turning away to get the bartender’s attention.
Dean’s stomach jolts pleasantly at the idea. It’s not a totally surprising thing for Cas to say – he’s been picking up the less clinical pillow talk with alarming speed and he’s got no shame about using it. And, well, he’s got no shame about
He reaches for the soap, uncertain how Cas will react. But as Dean slowly lathers himself up, Cas just
“God,” Dean sighs, a pleasant weight against Castiel’s chest. “I haven’t done this in—” he pauses, continues with a chuckle. “Uh, ever I guess.”
“Maybe, uh,” Dean says as they break away, breath hot again Castiel’s lips. “Maybe we should—you know…
Cas smiles at him. “It might be a good time to start the fire.”
“I mean,” Dean’s eyes flick down to where Castiel’s hand is splayed over his chest. “Yeah. Unless you don’t want to, obviously. If you’re not into it, you know, it’s cool.”
“No, uh—” Dean had begged off from that game after one go ‘round. The first time he and Cas both tried to slap the same pile of cards, Cas’s hand settling heavily over his own, he knew he had to switch to another game before he embarrassed himself. “I’ve gotta good feeling this time. Definitely gonna steal the win out from under you.”
Dean’s right there with him. “Yeah, poor bastard, bet he has to burn the midnight oil just to make ends meet,” he says, pointedly glancing at the ostentatious décor.
Castiel hardly needs to be convinced, but he’s still grateful to hear it, the undeniable proof that Dean wants this, found the courage to ask for it after all, to trust Castiel with that.
So he does, wraps Dean up close, feeling their hearts beat together, listening to Dean’s breathing in his ear. In an embrace like this he can feel how Dean’s faintly trembling, how the tension is ebbing away as he melts against Castiel. Castiel loves how strong and solid he feels, that he allows himself to be vulnerable in Castiel’s arms, that he encircles Castiel tightly, wanting him to be safe too, wanting him
“Looked so good,” Dean continues, cutting off with a gasp when Cas’s teeth graze a particularly sensitive spot on his neck. He still thinks about Cas at that bar, unbearably sexy and self-assured, staring at Dean the way that guys did sometimes, but it was different because it was
it because yeah, Dean’s so here for Cas losing himself in this too. He clears his throat again. “If you haven’t noticed, I’m kind of on board with that.” He pauses, feels his face heating. “Okay,
on their show. Castiel watches in uncertainty as the credits roll on the most recent available episode, wondering what this means for their nightly routine. But the post-season discussion – a mandatory ritual, according to Dean – easily turns into more aimless conversation. It’s primarily Dean talking most times, seizing the chance to ramble on about what he likes, relive memorable anecdotes, share what’s on his mind. Castiel’s happy to listen, because it seems to mean something to Dean to have that. And because Castiel finds his enthusiasm and non-sequiturs hopelessly charming.
Dean gulps almost comically at the sight of Cas’s bare torso, his chest firm, abs not perfectly sculpted but toned and muscular. He feels his heartbeat pick up, face getting warm and yep, this was definitely a terrible idea, he needs to get the hell out of here and—
, lips trailing along Castiel’s jaw to his neck, hand caressing his chest and wandering further down.
As Dean’s eyelids start to droop more heavily, he sees Cas smile, soft and earnest. “I’m not going anywhere.”
him. “Exactly.”
But the longer Sam and Dean were in his life, the more his relationship with them grew, and the more he understood that his feelings for the two of them weren’t entirely the same. He does have a stronger bond with Dean of course, he always has, but it’s also…
Just Cas’s steady, precise thrusts are more than enough for Dean, the tantalizing friction on his cock trapped between their bellies. The heat builds slow but inescapable, his breathy gasps becoming urgent moans as his arousal crests and he tenses and spills, dissolving into helpless whimpers as he comes back down. He floats on the sensation, intoxicated by being with Cas like this, clings to him in hushed anticipation of Cas reaching his peak too.
He can be methodical beginning to end this time, string Dean along a bit because they both enjoy that. He can take the opportunity to go slow because that’s what he needs to do to get Dean ready, despite Dean’s insistence and his own waning patience.
thing gets much, much harder.
, sure, but I still get kinda… I dunno, embarrassed talking about it. About
It’s surprisingly easy. He doesn’t
Or afterwards, when Castiel’s enthralled by a love bite he left on Dean, fresh on the smooth skin of his thigh, touching it reverently while Dean smiles at him, gentle but not shy.
Dean reaches out and puts a hand on Cas’s chest, emboldened by the strength and solidity beneath his fingers, letting his gaze meet Cas’s. “Did you like it, Cas?” he asks, because he’s gotta
Castiel shrugs and smiles to himself, much like Dean did a moment ago. “I wanted to.”
Dean lets his eyes drift closed, sighing happily when Cas presses a kiss to the top of his head. “Night, Cas.”
And between all that, they’re able to just sit together and enjoy the silence. Castiel appreciates that he can hear himself think while still feeling the warmth of Dean beside him. Alone with his thoughts without being lonely. It’s a comfortable stillness, a fulfilling absence of sound rather than a hollow one, not like the isolation that used to creep up on him when he still allied himself with heaven, how alone he felt when he had to be away from Dean. But now, he supposes, he won’t ever be alone again.
to explore his real feelings and true nature stemmed from a different place than Dean’s, but the results were ultimately the same.
Cas disappearing was a blessing when Dean was worried about an uncomfortable situation. He almost wishes he could go back to that. He’s not sure why it should matter if Cas is actually in the bunker or not, if Dean doesn’t see him either way, but he’s still masochistic enough to check every time, and he has no choice but to just nurse that sting when Cas’s usual parking spot is empty. He finds himself holing up in his bedroom more often than he did when he was actively avoiding Cas.
Dean frowns at it. “Seriously?”
“Well, you had the evidence of how much I liked it all over your hand, buddy,” Dean says, smirking to himself.
When they part again, lost in a charged moment of eye contact, Dean feels his heart clench, plagued by the first inkling of panic he’s had since this all started – not because he doesn’t want this, but because he wants it
, wanting so badly to do things right, even if he was hopeless at expressing that.
The sensation that sweeps through Dean when Cas climbs into his own bed instead can only be described as, if he’s being totally honest here, crushing disappointment. Even if his hopes were pretty unrealistic, that feeling is proof enough of how much he wants (
When Dean returns, he sweeps into the room with purpose, sliding back onto his chair. “I was thinking,” he announces. “Teenagers are always blabbing about their lives online, right?”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, failing not to sound too eager, helplessly drawn in by that same stormy look in Cas’s eyes. “Good idea.”
?" he crows, needing to unbalance Cas as well. Seems only fair.
exactly – he knows that Dean likes this and has a terrible time asking for it – but it’s not such a farfetched idea considering the mood he’s been in all week, and just the idea of it has Dean so hard he might lose it right there, actually dangerously close to coming just from riding the tight friction of his jeans straining across his erection.
to get mauled.
“We’re not…
He spends an hour flipping through books and trolling sketchy websites for any relevant information, long enough to confirm that the usual suspects don’t seem to fit the bill, before he remembers how much he hates doing this shit, gives up on it, and goes to ask Sam.
“Of course,” Cas replies in that calm, caring way he does. “Why don’t we go to bed?”
But something about that idea doesn’t seem right. He’s unopposed to getting a little more of what he got the other night. He can’t deny that the pull is still there, that the thought of Cas’s body, his mouth, his
proclivities. Castiel had known that taking this leap could put a barrier between Dean and himself, one that would take ages to dismantle, but it would have been worse if he’d never found out – never learned how Dean’s mouth feels beneath his own, if there’s any chance of this being more, if this is something Castiel might get to have.
Cas’s face gives nothing away. “I’m asking if you’d like to wear this ring.”
And now that they’re finally here, that thought speaks up loud and clear above the haze of nerves and exhilaration: he
He does still have catching up to do – that’s the story of his life, really, always more work to be done – but he’s starting to see changes in himself, the ones Charlie’s been telling him about, the ones he used to run away from, and for the first time in a long, long while, he actually likes what he sees.
acted on those kinds of urges, but still.
They find Sam a couple of floors down. “That took a while,” he comments as they approach. “You find something?” he asks hopefully.
that feels more like an intriguing spark of embellishment than an overwrought burden.
*   *   *
doing this if they only had the luxury. When they finally part there’s obvious reluctance from both of them, still standing impossibly near, breathing each other’s air.
Dean laughs, thrilled at the lingering irritation in Cas’s voice. There’s just something about Cas being petty that he really enjoys. “Well, subtle or not, she didn’t get very far, did she?” Dean’s trying to talk up Cas’s ego a little, but he only gets a thoughtful silence from Cas at first.
Even when movie night is in full swing and they aren’t entirely alone, Castiel can sense something brewing between them. He sits beside Dean on the sofa, more lost in the memory of Dean falling asleep on him than whatever’s happening in the movie, heart skipping a beat every time Dean lets their knees bump together.
Maybe it isn’t the purest victory, but Dean’ll still take it.
. It’s all perfectly understandable and natural and nothing he shouldn’t be able to deal with like a grown-ass man. But despite all his completely reasonable logic, he still feels like a fucking idiot, sweaty and tongue-tied, silently ogling Cas like a hormonal teenager at every opportunity.
that particular act either.
God, just hearing that out loud in Cas’s deep rumble is already enough to get Dean squirming. “Uh,” he replies, summoning up a shaky smile. “Yeah.” He’s trying so hard to not seem too invested, because there’s still a part of him that’s worried about Cas’s reaction. Cas is definitely open-minded, but everybody’s got their limits. Then there’s the possibility that he might not be crazy about the idea but go along with it anyway because he knows it’s something Dean wants. There’s no way that Dean would be able to truly enjoy himself if that were the case, though Cas would no doubt make it good for him regardless.
?” Dean replies skeptically. “Saska—”
Dean shuffles closer, gets comfortable and spreads out flat between Castiel’s legs. Castiel’s mesmerized by the rhythmic motion of Dean’s hips, not sure if it’s the tantalizing friction of the mattress or sheer enjoyment of this act that makes Dean’s eyes flutter closed when he finally seals his lips around Castiel properly, a sweet little noise in the back of his throat as he pushes forward, pulls back, working his hand and mouth until he's taken Castiel deep enough that he doesn’t even need his hand anymore, clutches at Castiel’s thigh instead.
Cas takes his other hand, gaze so open and adoring that Dean swears he could drown in it. “This is a promise, Dean,” he says, low and intimate. “To never leave you. To love you as long as you’ll have me.”
in a way that makes him gasp, makes him ache for everything Cas can give him. And then he can so clearly picture Cas standing behind him and pressing up close, palms smoothing up his stomach and chest and then back down – then one hand dipping beneath Dean’s waistband and taking him in a firm grip, the other holding him in place. Or Cas’s hands huge and strong on Dean’s hip, the back of his thigh, digging bruises into his skin, holding tight as he pushes Dean around a little just the way he likes – laying him flat, pressing him down and making damn sure he stays there. The tips of his fingers teasing a nipple through Dean’s shirt until he’s squirming, tracing Dean’s lower lip until Dean eagerly takes them into his mouth.
“Yeah, actually,” Dean agrees, reaching his limit, “I
“It was,” Cas says with a chuckle against Dean’s ear, the low, rough sound of it making Dean’s toes curl.
Dean’s smirking at Castiel, but he still complies, because even boneless and spent, Dean is desperate for this. Undoubtedly there’s a lingering part of Dean that struggles with his true desires, that he enjoys this so greedily. But with Castiel, he puts those desires on flagrant display, and Castiel doesn’t take that vulnerability for granted.
“Cas,” he says carefully, licking his lips, “What are you asking me here?” He stares at the ring in Cas’s hand, throat dry, heart pounding. He can’t believe this is ha—well, he’s not sure what’s happening, actually.
Dean leans back in his seat, head thumping against the leather, fight draining out of him. “You heard me, Cas. Just leave it alone.”
things – was something of a foreign concept to him. Of course, when he raised Dean from perdition, he became familiar very quickly. Even then, he found much of the sensory input that he experienced to be indecipherable, overcome by desires he couldn’t really explain—
bakery, the one almost an hour away…
Cas’s glaring is too forceful to be ignored for long, and Dean’s stomach swoops in dread when he realizes the guy’s caught sight of them. He’s obviously feeling too bold to let it go, damn near preening at the apparent disapproval that Cas is projecting, arrogant smirk widening, still performing for his captive audience. “You see something you like, buddy?” he asks, and a girl to his right lets out a loud, grating giggle. Dean’s grip tightens on his beer bottle, half-expecting it to shatter in his hand.
“G—” Dean attempts and nearly chokes on his own air. “Gimme a sec.”
bit was probably a bit out of character for Cas, but his subconscious doesn’t know that, and his libido obviously doesn’t care.
“And then the next time we wake up,” Cas rumbles, “I can say good morning to you properly.”
There’s a newfound sense of freedom in it, one that Castiel can see is having a wonderful effect on Dean, the normally tense line of his shoulders more relaxed, his smile easy.
Speaking of Cas, Dean’s growing painfully aware of Cas at his elbow the longer this goes on, the more she chats Dean up with a playful lilt in her voice that seems out of place for someone discussing check-in records.
And, well, he is kind of a slob, but at least he’s apologetic about it. Mostly. Sam says Dean’s a nag when it comes to keeping a clean house, but Sam’s a filthy liar. The pun’s not intentional, but it’s fitting.
but the evidence is right in front of him. Dean’s gingerly massaging his wrists, not looking Castiel in the eye, shifting on the bed and wincing, biting his lip, as that seems to set off a twinge – whether it’s from Castiel spreading his legs open or sliding into him too forcefully, he doesn’t know.
Instead of replying, Cas just flips his blankets aside and rises to his feet, closing the short distance between their beds before Dean even fully processes what’s happening. He scrambles to pull the covers back and scoot back to make room for Cas, enough for him to get in, but, y’know, why put more space between them than they need to?
Dean actually feels himself blushing, because Cas can be a smooth motherfucker when he wants to be, and even the most mundane of compliments from him please Dean to no end. He quickly brushes past his flustered response with a laugh, grinning at Cas. “It’s my curse,” he agrees, delighted when Cas chuckles and leans in for a kiss.
He blinks away the grogginess and glances over at Dean, still asleep, a charming silhouette against the bright backdrop of the windows. Castiel tries not to stare. He knows Dean doesn’t seem to appreciate being watched like this, but he’s never been able to help himself. It hasn’t gotten any easier to resist since he’s fully understood exactly why he found the sight of Dean’s face so compelling.
“Then slow down,” Cas replies easily. “What’s the rush?”
Later, when they’re both sweaty and sated, Dean turns to him with a smile that makes Castiel’s slowing heartrate speed right back up, curling in close without prompting, tucking himself against Castiel’s side like he belongs there. And as far as Castiel’s concerned, he does.
Dean blinks in the faint light filtering in from the hallway. He’s been keeping his distance from Cas’s room, for obvious reasons, and he’s caught off-guard by how
Dreams where Dean just feels happy.
Castiel sees the desire in Dean’s eyes, knows it reflects his own, simmering beneath the surface. This time, Castiel’s certain, there’s no misunderstanding between them whatsoever.
at this point is… it’s… it’s the most Cas can give him, and it seems damn near impossible but that’s exactly what Dean was after.
She’s taken every opportunity to make her intentions clear, short of announcing them outright, and Dean’s reacted just neutrally enough not to totally discourage her. Cas’s displeasure’s been palpable, but he was, tragically, too focused on solving the case to let his feelings interfere. He kept asking the right questions, taking her statement seriously, showing genuine concern for her well-being even though Dean’s sure if the circumstances weren’t so dire Cas wouldn’t be nearly so charitable towards her.
“Thank you,” Cas says, smile widening at Dean’s touch. “The way you look at me is very… flattering.”
a bit, and he’s so taken aback by this discovery that his touch lingers for longer than is really appropriate.
to be quiet, but that idea crashes and burns once Cas undoes his belt, inches the zipper down, impatiently pulls his shirttails out of the way and wraps his fingers around Dean’s erection.
Once they’re about ready to turn in for the night (whatever ‘turning in’ means for Castiel, considering he doesn’t sleep) they gather up the empty bottles so Sam can take them to the recycling center. Dean may roll his eyes over it, but he dutifully leaves the recyclables in neat little rows on the kitchen counter. Dean doesn’t immediately disappear into his room as expected, instead lingering with Castiel, engaged in innocuous conversation, reflecting on the absurd, late-night infomercials they’ve spent the last two hours engrossed in.
Cas, couldn’t even tear his eyes away with how fierce his desire was, and someone like Jones would want him to feel paralyzed with shame because of it but
He leans in and presses their lips together, Dean instantly pushing into it with a soft, content sound that Castiel already longs to hear more of. Castiel’s concern about catching Dean off-guard is immediately forgotten as Dean melts against him, deepening their kiss, infusing a hint of heat and passion beneath the overwhelming sweetness of it.
Dean can’t contain his disbelief. “Jesus, Cas, you always carry those around with you?”
Cas scoffs behind him. Dean doesn’t know what that’s supposed to mean, and Cas doesn’t elaborate.
Cas’s smile widens at Dean’s no-doubt vehement expression, taking it as confirmation. “And I’ll be watching yours,” he promises, caressing Dean’s cheek with the barest brush of his fingertips.
So yet again Dean arrives at the same conclusion: he’s gotta be the one to make the first move here, or at least give Cas a
Dean’s breath is shallow, brow pinched as Castiel continues. “
Cas has to check in less and less as they go on with the way Dean keeps babbling, writhing just a little bit in Cas’s grip so he’ll bear down
“Yeah,” Dean repeats inanely, stifling a whine as Cas’s other hand slides into his hair and tightens into a fist. Maybe trading sloppy handjobs in a crappy motel seems like an absurd milestone compared to all the shit they’ve been through, but every moment he has with Cas is important in Dean’s eyes. “I think about that all the time.”
were the one trying to talk about his feelings, not that Cas is much better, most times, though he does have his moments – but then Cas sits up straighter, eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “It isn’t…” He pauses with a shake of his head, clearly struggling to articulate his thoughts. “It isn’t
