Svolotch - bastard
“Oh.” Claire’s not really sure what to say to that. She can’t help but wonder whether or not Cas and Dean know he’s here, or if he’s flown under the radar so far. She sends another cursory glance across the dance floor before deciding that babysitting duty with a depressed nerd and God is much better than having this conversation. “I, uh… I gotta go-”
“Dean?” Cas asks, sticking his head around the door. He hesitates when he enters the room, however, and Dean doesn’t realise why until he follows Cas’ line of sight. There, on the back of the desk chair, is the jacket he had worn when - well, the jacket with the handprint on. He hadn’t been able to bring himself to wash it after Cas’ death, and it was the last thing he had to pack up before they left.
They stand there in awkward silence for another minute, not sure what to say. Claire feels like she could scratch herself out of her skin just to escape this conversation, but Kaia cautiously takes her hand, and she’s never felt more grateful to have her there.
“Not gonna answer?” Dean asks, amused.
“Claire,” Eileen says sternly, and the girl unlatches herself. There’s a look of utter confusion on her face, as if she is suddenly realising that Cas never hugged back.
“Damn,” Dean comments, nudging Cas. “I didn’t think anyone could beat you at the smitey glare, but it looks like you have competition, buddy.”
What makes a wedding special? Is it the happy couple, the food, the decoration? The guests? And who gives a wedding meaning? Is it the grooms, or the people attending?
Paige sighs inwardly. Eileen is about to get
productive, considering how much time she spent eating.
“I would love to,” Jo replies, “but you’ll have to teach me.”
“Right. Well I’m pretty sure that Cas - uh, you - confessed your feelings to Dean before you, y’know…”
It’s a miracle that Paige doesn’t burst out laughing as soon as she sees him. It’s not that he looks bad - in fact, it actually suits him quite well - but she’s never seen someone in such a ridiculous outfit look quite so furious.
“Nearly done?” she asks Jo, who snorts.
She stares into those angry, dead eyes for a long moment, her arms up in front of her like she is simply trying to calm a wild animal. Neither of them move, locked in a staring contest that might end with her dead.
“Oh. They’re getting ready.”
“You alright?” he asks, absentmindedly rubbing his thumb over the back of Cas’ mind.
And besides, whoever wasn’t expecting some kind of chaos had clearly never met the Winchesters.
“The current president?”
He takes a deep breath before responding. “I think I’ll stay.”
“Are you waiting for another call?” Cas asks out of nowhere, and she bites her cheek in surprise as she tries to look up suddenly while attempting to apply the plaster.
“What’s up?” Claire asks, hoping that he doesn’t notice that they’re both slightly tipsy.
on the top.
Cas needed to ask Sam. Immediately.
{o0o}
Jody twirls her around, and they all laugh as Dean drags Cas through their dancing circle while trying to mime air guitar with one hand. They take turns spinning each other and waving their arms around in some of the worst dancing Claire has ever seen, but she can’t help the laugh bubbling up inside of her. It occurs to her, in that moment, that she may have never been this happy before.
Dean grins back down at him, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “To after.”
Well, Cas can’t say he was expecting Sam to be so blunt about it. “Okay.”
“Well, aren’t you two a pair,” he replies with a smirk. “A match made in Heaven, one could say.”
tell me that your song isn’t written by a teenager.”
Jimmy’s eyes light up. “Claire Novak? Do you know her?”
Other highlights of the night include (but are not limited to): both Eileen and Cas separately asking Paige whether or not Belgium’s act is a vampire, Switzerland’s act smashing his guitar onstage, and the lighting rig collapsing and nearly squashing Odette as she gives a preview of her performance.
She shrugs. “So what if I killed them? It was a decade ago, move on.”
“What are you making?” he asks quickly, desperate to distract himself.
Cas shoots a glare at Sam, but Dean just laughs. He’s not wrong.
“Dean?” he tries weakly, when the impossible memories start to slow and he can form a coherent thought.
combination ever.
Paige finally looks up. “You haven’t checked out your competition?” Everyone shakes their heads and she sighs. “One of the favourites this year is Russia. There’s a rumour going around that she killed the dude who was supposed to be Russia’s entry this year so that she could take his place.”
“The truth.”
Rubbing her eyes, Paige gently places her plate on the bedside table and then flops backwards onto the pillow, rubbing at her temples. “I don’t know. It could be a scare tactic, but you met her. There’s really no telling,”
Dean doesn’t stop fidgeting with his tie. “Yes. No. I don’t know, Bobby!”
{o0o}
“Well it’s the freakin’ truth,” Dean snaps, “so if you don’t believe me, you may as well fucking shoot me. Not much left to live for,” he adds, dropping his hands to his sides in defeat.
he wonders as he strolls back over, his mind wandering over his remaining possibilities. In fact, he is so wrapped up in his own evil schemes that he doesn’t even notice the woman running past in front of him.
“Here, you take these two rooms and split them,” she suggests, handing over two sets of keys. “I’ll meet you guys here at midday tomorrow, okay? That gives everyone plenty of time to catch up on jetlag.”
Twenty minutes later, Cas is wearing the first of his many new shirts (it reads
“Ah, shit,” Dean says, his hands covered in pancake batter. “Will you get it?”
Diana shoots Dean a look that says
“So, this is it, huh?” Dean says, slamming the car door behind him.
“That was a demon. Her name’s Bela Talbot. I think she’s been trying to overthrow Auntie Rowena - oh, she’s the Queen of Hell by the way - because she doesn’t like her, and she thought the best way to gain support would be to kill Dean!”
Dean laughs around a mouthful of food, Sam wrinkling his nose in disgust. “I apologise for my brother’s table manners. Or, apparently, complete lack thereof.”
“Because he’s a Winchester, obviously!” Jack beams. “Sam and Dean have stopped at least three apocalypses and killed Lucifer and were friends with the previous King of Hell-”
Paige shudders as she remembers SuRie. Although, she had to admit, it was pretty badass that she had just kept on singing after that man had ‘magically’ gotten past all the security to steal the microphone from her.
Paige ponders this for a second. “Probably not. Most likely, she made it up herself to make the other contestants afraid of her. I’m more scared of Azerbaijan’s manager to be honest,” she adds, deciding to scroll past that email and hope it wasn’t too important.
happy day? Maybe, he thought as he dipped his mother dangerously close to the floor, he should just leave them be and get over himself.
“What are you laughing at?” Sam asks as they wait for the results to come in.
The woman looks him up and down, somehow managing to look threatening while in her bridesmaid dress. “Jo. And Hell’s run by a woman now, buddy.”
“Alright, boss,” Dean says, taking the keys. “I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”
“A raccoon,” Cas repeats incredulously, allowing her to escort him into the passenger seat.
Cas quickly stops asking questions.
“Claire!” Kevin interrupts, jogging over and waving dramatically, nephilim in tow. “He went to get the rings from Eileen.”
“Who were you on the phone to?” he says instead, and for some reason, his touch seems to cool the burning on her knee slightly.
“Shuddup, bitch,” Dean yells in reply, blushing.
Sometime after the last chair has been set out and the last balloon has been tied, Mary squeezes through the small gap in the door that Ellen allows, carrying a huge tinfoiled-covered tray under each arm.
“Uh, hi?” Dean replies, looking a little uncomfortable.
“Sam.”
“A dance, dearie?” his mother’s voice asked, and he can hear the smirk without looking at her.
Because he has to admit, even if it is only to himself, that there isn’t a reason for him to be here. Originally, he had convinced himself it was so that he could cause chaos, but deep down, he had known all along that nothing he could do would ruin a Winchester wedding. And - not that he believed in this kind of thing - surely the universe owed them just
they use their brain for once. What doesn’t help is that she has been given strict instructions to look after them - even more than usual, the snobby dude on the other end of the phone had demanded - and since it is, in fact, her job, who is she to say no?
{o0o}
“Well, something tells me Bulgaria won’t be getting through,” Paige declares to no one in particular as they clamber back into the car.
I just want to stop for a second and thank everyone who has read this and commented - you really made my day! And another big thank you to Tea; this was supposed to be a fun little 5k crack fic, and look where we ended up. I blame all the pictures of Georgian food and Russian insults you sent me. But seriously, thank you for helping me come up with this (and thanks for dealing with my mental breakdown halfway!)
Jack sounds worried, and Kevin has to remind himself to remove his evil grin before turning around to face the kid.
He shifts uncomfortably. “My daughter. I haven’t seen her in years, and I’m a little nervous. I don’t think I was the best to her.”
She’s in the middle of trying to compose herself when two women approach them. The first is clearly performing tonight; everywhere Paige seems to look, there is glitter. She has to admit, though, the outfit is flattering: the sparkly jumpsuit hugs her body in all the right places, and Paige would bet her non-existent house that there’s an even skimpier outfit underneath.
Rowena bats her eyelashes and -  as much as they did have fun before his sudden and untimely death last time - Gabriel decides he can’t stomach any more flirting right now, so he quickly turns back around and distracts himself by taking in the decoration instead. He definitely could have done better, but the place does look marginally better when dressed up, and he has to hand it to whoever decorated the place; they clearly know how to use a staple gun.
Cas raises his eyebrows, but chuckles at Dean’s embarrassment all the same. “Well, you can’t deter me that easily.”
Cas waits until Dean is out of earshot before holding the phone back up to his ear. “I’ve got to go,” he says, hanging up without waiting for a response.
They’re walking back to the car with their shopping when Dean spots the clothes store and grinds to a halt. He looks a confused Cas up and down, evaluating him, before tugging him by the sleeve across the street.
(See the end of the chapter for
As the sun sets behind the arena, the sky seems to glow gold and Paige’s skin crackles with nervous excitement. It’s always this way just before a performance, even if she’s not the one performing.
“I imagine it’s not your first time sleeping in,” Dean replies with a wink, and she glares at him.
“Oh, I forgot you had amnesia!” The kid exclaims, gently bashing himself in the face like he was stupid for forgetting something so important. “My name’s Jack. I’m basically your son, but my biological dad is Lucifer. I’m God now, so I healed you!”
“Hey Cas, you want pancakes or what?” Dean yells, and Cas realises he’s still stood by the open door. It strikes him, then, that it would be so easy to walk out. To walk away from whatever mess this is and just disappear into the sunset. To start a new life where everyone he met didn’t already know him.
fire!”
The party was about to begin.
“Sure.”
Paige isn’t quite sure how to reply to that. Luckily, she’s saved by the filming crew finally reappearing with a considerably more made up Eileen and Jack, and she has just enough time for one more question before they’re dragged away.
“Okay, here we go,” she announces, handing them out. “That’s yours, they’re yours… and yup, this one’s Eileen’s. Okay, you all set? Women’s dressing rooms are down to the right, men’s to the left.”
Diana doesn’t even bother looking up from her phone. “Obviously.”
He shakes his head apologetically. The man’s whole body sags, like all his bones have turned to jelly, and he rubs his coarse hand over his face.
“What’s a postcard?” Sam asks.
By the time she arrives downstairs, Sam and Eileen are already sitting at a table in the middle of an animated signed conversation, and Paige allows herself a moment to watch them being adorable while she loads up a plate of food. Her heart aches, her phone feeling like it is burning a hole through her pocket as she watches them kiss.
Claire sighs. “Never mind.” She drops a kiss to the top of Kaia’s head, taking a second to appreciate how cute she looks in her bridesmaid dress, before going out the front to find Kevin.
According to Dean, the fact he’s lost his memory means it’s necessary for them to watch the classics all over again. Unfortunately, due to Jody’s limited DVD collection, their options are
“Thank you for all your help,” Cas says much too sincerely, as always.
You can also find me on Tumblr at
“I don’t think so,” Kaia responds, equally nervous.
Cas swallows. “Just a memory.”
The ghost lurches forwards and Paige doesn’t miss a beat. Rolling to the floor, she ducks out of the way and manages to snatch up the fire poker that Dean has dropped, swinging it wildly towards the ghost. With a final, ear-piercing scream, it disappears, fire swirling around it.
Jack takes a deep breath between sobs, and says, “IthinkIstartedafire!”
“Haven’t we all?” he grumbles.
“Why am I wearing this?” Castiel asks, picking at the feathers protruding from his back with a frown.
“Get away from me,” Cas croaks, squeezing his eyes shut to try and drown out the nausea that is still plaguing him.
“Rowena, Sam and Eileen have gone to get rid of him,” Dean says, out of breath. “Cas and Jack are near the main stage in case he decides to go after someone.”
“What’s happening?” Cas asks finally, completely lost.
(See the end of the chapter for
(thank you tea)
They have just enough time to record the backing vocals for their song when they get back before it’s time to get ready. Dean and Sam are actually surprisingly good singers, but they’re the main show - it’s Cas and Jack who are doing the backup. Eileen opted not to sing, but she knows all the lyrics, so she’ll be signing along onstage.
Mary raises an eyebrow. “You girls okay in there?”
Charlie’s grin somehow gets even bigger, her eyes sparkling along with the glitter. “Don’t worry, I used to attend grand balls. I’m sure you won’t be as bad as this one elf I had to teach once…”
Dean is kneeling on the white crocheted rug that Cas had pestered him into buying - only it’s certainly less white than it was before, now stained an alarming shade of red. Dean himself is holding his arm at an awkward angle, and when he looks a little closer, Cas can see there is a whole chunk missing from his shoulder. If Cas didn’t know better, he would guess that something large had taken a bite out of him.
“Y’know, I can kinda see why you’d thought I kidnapped you… Wait, what?”
Paige stopped that train of thought as suddenly as it started. Addy wouldn’t be travelling anywhere with her. She had made her position very clear.
It’s not often that Paige is actually lost for words, but here she is. Her mouth opens and closes several times, struggling to find what she wants to say. “Okay.”
Sam snorts. “We just don’t have to publicly humiliate ourselves, right?”
Then, the road and the younger Dean disappear, and Cas is back in Jody’s kitchen, sitting with his back against a cabinet.
Diana frowns at her. “No, they’re not. Dean came up to me and kept asking me strange questions about whether I had killed someone and whether I thought a ghost was trying to kill me? I called him a
Eileen swings the creaky bunker doors open and turns to him, the cold night air making him grateful for the coat. “We’re going for a walk together,” she explains, “and if you still want to leave when we come back, I’ll drive you to town myself. Deal?”
“Alright, you all know what you’re doing? Good, because we’re about to go.”
“Nevermind. I don’t want to know, full stop. Just brush your hair, Rapunzel, and be back down here ASAP.”
with his memories. Now, he is left small and alone, stuck in the inky dark.
They lapse back into silence, Dean squirming uncomfortably in his seat.
For the second semi-final, Paige puts strict rules in place about running off to join a ghost hunt. “And,” she adds, pointing an accusing finger at Castiel, “no flirting with Odette. She’s just messing with you.”
“Good,” Dean grins. “Thought you were gonna walk out on my world famous lasagna.”
thank you so much for reading! this is just a bit of a filler chapter, but don't worry, there's plenty of mayhem left to come :)
- who is instead decked out in a fitted suit and a bowtie, sitting cross-legged on the floor of the kitchen with Kevin. He passes the bottle of whiskey back to her wordlessly, wiping his mouth with his suit sleeve.
That’s when he hears Eileen’s voice. “Cas?”
Kaia picks herself up from the carpet, looking at Charlie in horror. The entire room is coated in a fine layer of sparkles, but that’s not the worst of it. Both of them are also covered from head to toe in the stuff, and it’s not gonna be fun trying to get it all out before the ceremony.
“Pack your bag. I’m gonna get my stuff and… check on the girls.” Dean suddenly swivels to face Cas again with a severity that frightens him, just for a second. “Just… please stay here. Don’t leave this room, okay? Please,” he begs.
“Castiel,” he answers, shaking her hand rather than kissing the knuckles like she was clearly expecting.
Jimmy reappears a few minutes later with three rolls of tape, asking, “Is this enough?”
His head snaps up to see her standing a few feet away from him in her pajamas, a glass of water in her hand and her eyebrows raised. There isn’t really a way he can explain his way out of this one; he’s literally sitting by the door and putting his shoes on.
Cas knows nothing of these people. He will never know their history, will never know why their names - why
Dean softens a little and winks at him. “Wanna move back in with me, babe?”
Paige thinks as she follows the boy towards the beach,
The other man grits his teeth and manages to grunt out a yes. He doesn’t look particularly pleased about it.
Charlie considers her offer for a moment. “Yeah, maybe. I think I’m going to take this upstairs, but it’s practically impossible to get past all the people!”
Cas sits up, disorientated, in time to see the boy gently place his hand on Dean’s wound and he watches as it heals itself, his shoulder knitting back together as if by magic.
Paige considers jumping out of the moving car. “You have got to be joking. You do
There’s an alarmingly loud retch, then a thunk, before Kevin yells, “Got it!” He holds up his hand triumphantly, two puke-covered rings on display, and Claire lets her head flop back onto the ground.
“I brought breakfast,” he says. Paige doesn’t think she’s ever opened a door so fast in her life.
“I’m required to say you can call me if you need anything,” Paige yells over her shoulder, already making her way to the elevator. “But if you need anything before at least 9am, someone better be bleeding.”
“Just wanted to ask something,” he recovers. “Isn’t that the demon who killed you and your mother?”
He was resigned to his fate, at this point. Even with most of his memories back and having passed the nurse’s quick once over when they had arrived, his relationship with Dean - platonic or otherwise - was practically unsalvageable at this point. When he had explained what had happened to Sam - about Bela, about Jack, about his memories coming back and the gun - he had insisted it wasn’t Cas’ fault, but who else was to blame? It was him who had held it, him who had pressed the trigger. You couldn’t get much more at fault than that.
{o0o}
Dean genuinely can’t believe he’s here. Even when he was younger, he wasn’t sure if he believed in his dream of an apple pie life. But here he is, about to marry the love of his life and spend the rest of eternity with him. And sure, it won’t be perfect, but it’ll be damn close.
Bela comes so close to him that Cas can feel her icy cold breath on his face and when he doesn’t back away, her mouth twists into a grin. “I’m sure this will hurt Dean more than you,” she whispers into his ear, backing away to see the fear flash through his features before snapping her fingers.
she thinks to herself, finally letting her eyes slide shut.
hangs up.
“Other than that, I don’t think I recognise any of the other contestants in this room, other than Diana and Odette. Russia’s the favourite this year-”
“I didn’t-” She huffs. “Dean just doesn’t want you to get hurt. You’re recovering, or whatever.”
When Cas swings the door open, he’s met with the two girls giggling as Claire messes with Kaia’s hair. “Hello,” he says, not sure exactly what to say to them.
They watch him leave. As soon as he is out of earshot, Charlie turns to Kaia and grabs her shoulders. “Does Claire know he’s here?”
“Right, then, uh… Jack, you have the rings?” Sam interrupts, after giving them a moment.
Jo follows his line of sight and her jaw clenches when she spots Meg, but she takes a deep breath and turns to look back at him, a challenge in her eyes. “Yep. And?”
As soon as he’s out of sight, Claire glares at Kevin, who just shrugs. “How hard can it be?” he whispers, one hand scrabbling behind them for the bottle. “He’s basically God, right?”
“Oh!” Odette exclaims, jumping as if she had been electrocuted. “I must show you the changing rooms! Come, come. We’ve plenty of time before the show.”
He lay there for a moment, face down on some poor guy’s grave, and he laughed a full, rich laugh that he didn’t recognise as his own.
Paige frowns. “I’m pretty sure it was. Why?”
She thinks that maybe she’s okay with that, and she dances.
Claire - who appears to be holding a flamethrower - just shrugs. “‘S flammable, I guess.”
Cas lets Dean yank him into the guest room, and he lets him lock the door behind them, but it’s when Dean starts packing Cas’ stuff up that he grabs his wrist and makes him stop. Dean looks Cas dead in the eyes, only a few inches between their faces. “Dean. Tell me what’s going on.”
“Fine,” he huffs, storming back off to the bar so he can survey the room again.
“Is that blood?” Cas asks, concerned, but she’s already going after her girlfriend, waving four fingers behind her but not stopping otherwise.
Grocery shopping, Cas discovers, isn’t as bad as everyone makes it sound. Since Dean offered to do all the cooking - “I wouldn’t trust you in my kitchen with your memory,” - there’s not much reason for Cas to actually be there, other than to give his occasional input on what meals to have. They seem to have reached some kind of truce after cleaning up the kitchen together, a tentative step in the right direction. Dean still won’t look him in the eyes, still insists on buying an excessive amount of alcohol, but at least he has moved away from actively avoiding him.
It’s only then that her sleepy brain finally manages to catch up and she sits bolt upright in her bed.
Apparently, Charlie is a tad more predictable than everyone thought, because just as the last notes of Elvis fades away, he’s replaced with
“Yes! I mean no, you didn’t leave anything… I, uh. I just wanted to apologise.”
The second of peace is abruptly shattered when he realises that he doesn’t know
Her mind wanders, as she pushes Jack higher and higher, and she wonders if Kaia ever would be down to marry her. It was a nice thought, and she lets herself dream about what that future would look like for a minute.
Cas finds the film fascinating, and he spends most of the time peppering Dean with questions. Dean, of course, is happy to talk over the so-called garbage, even if he does seem to be secretly enjoying it. Somehow, their conversations tail off, and Cas finds himself so relaxed for the first time he can remember that he drifts off.
Paige starts to smile. “That’s the idea.”
She rolls her eyes and gives him a gentle shove up the first step. “We’re going for a walk.”
“Oh!” Paige exclaims, jumping like she has been electrocuted. “How do you guys know each other? I never figured it out.”
“Stay outside,” Dean says, his voice strangely smothered. “Call Sam!”
“What happened?” Cas hears, Sam’s worried voice floating around him. “I need you to tell me what happened.”
Although she has yet to figure out exactly how old Jack is, Paige is certain that everyone would agree that the kid is a cinnamon roll. For him, she had got a striped long sleeve shirt and a white dungaree dress to go over it, and sure enough, he looks adorable.
“Because they aren’t his!” Dean is whispering, but his anger still poisons his tone and turns it into a shout. “I don’t know who that is, but it sure as Hell ain’t our Cas.”
Cas sighs, finally turning around to face Sam. There’s no point lying, he supposes. He’s about to tell Sam that he’s leaving and politely ask if there is a bag he could use, but he’s interrupted by voices in the hallway.
“Cas,” Dean says quietly, and Cas hums in response, not lifting his head. “I love you.”
Dean Winchester’s wedding… if he was being completely honest, Bobby never thought he would see the day. In the end, he guesses he didn’t
“What are you doing here?”
“For starters, how the fuck do you know each other? Usually I can figure it out, but…” She waves a hand in their general direction. “You guys have got a weird thing going on.”
She’s not sure what makes her fish her phone out of her bra, but she does it.
and now that he was thinking about it properly he knew he wouldn’t have made it very far with his lack of planning.
“I don’t get it,” Dean announces, abruptly swinging the bathroom door open. “Why can’t I see Cas again?”
Paige swallows. “Uh, not really. I’ve just got to… check my emails, and stuff.”
Privet - informal hello
Cas presses himself into a tight ball, his hands slipping underneath the sofa to support his weight. That’s when he feels it; there is a gun taped under the bottom of the seat, and he surreptitiously wraps his hand around it.
“Cas,” was the only word Dean could form and it felt like home on his lips. “Cas, we’ve got to go, there isn’t much time.”
Cas takes a moment to study his features before starting. “I may have been the one to pull you from Hell, Dean, but truly it was you that saved my life. I’ve said it before, but you changed me, molded me into a better version of myself, and I’ve never been so grateful for anything in my life. Without you, I never would have experienced any of these pesky human emotions, but I couldn’t imagine being without them now. Even the greatest feeling of despair is worth a second of the joy I feel when I’m in your presence. My love for you has broken past the control of Heaven, of Hell, of Purgatory and the Empty, even Chuck, and I plan to keep on loving you for the rest of eternity, if you’ll have me.”
“Dead,” he deadpans, getting a snort from Crowley.
“Are you religious?”
The second try is a selection of items that apparently used to belong to Cas. The first is an oddly shaped knife, which Sam explains is something called an ‘angel blade’. He says that it maybe looks familiar, and he isn’t lying, but his memory doesn’t suddenly reappear, so it’s still not what he would describe as a successful evening.
“Not in my experience.” Cas looks up and locks eyes with Dean, a small smile on his face.
“I used to be the King of Hell,” he deadpans. “And I made a deal with Castiel, as well as convincing Dean to take the Mark of Cain. In the end I killed myself to save them.”
“I don’t think… Oh, wait, no - yeah, there’s one.”
Dean had been playing him all along. He had refused to tell him about his identity, about his past; pretended to be his friend to get close to him and now he had drugged him or something to confuse him.
Finally, she sighs and pushes herself to her feet. “As much as I love the room service, I do actually need to get dressed or we’ll miss our slot for the dress rehearsals.”
As he lies on the floor of the house that he had begun to love, Cas wonders if this is how he dies. He is going to be ripped apart by some nameless beast on the rug he had begged Dean to buy, the only life he knows being filled with confusion and the knowledge that he will never live up to the man he doesn’t remember being.
“Thank you so much,” she agrees, sending one last horrified look at the mess before rushing to go find her mom. Hopefully, they can clean up before anyone realises anything is even wrong. She can’t imagine the reaction that the wedding cake suddenly becoming inedible would get, but she’d rather not find out.
“Well, I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may now kiss the groom.”
“All bad, I hope,” she drawls in return, offering him a hand.
The gun is still gripped tightly in Cas’ shaking hand when the next onslaught of memories hits, and they seem much more recent than the others. He sees the boy that saved him before - Jack, his son - and he sees Sam and Eileen and a person he knows is Death, and then he sees a room.
Paige raises an eyebrow. “Back?”
Cas is quiet for a moment, turning this piece of information over in his head like he does so often these days. He’s constantly scared that any piece of information he gains might be lost at any moment, so he’s extra careful to make sure he remembers things. “What do you actually do?”
Cas squints down at her. “You’re Paige Ayers, right?”
“Bela,” Dean growls, “leave him out of it. This is between you and me.”
“Just give me one sec,” he replies with a wink, before dragging Cas -
Castiel didn’t expect his first time kissing Dean Winchester to be in a hospital, but that doesn’t make it any less perfect.
He’s surprised his legs managed to carry him all the way to the makeshift altar, but there he is, swallowing around a lump in his throat as he locks eyes with Cas. It used to be so rare to see him smile as openly as this, and Dean doesn’t know how he lived without that grin.
“Dean?” he calls cautiously, slowly backing towards the door.
This is probably the last Supernatural fic I will write for a while, but that doesn't mean I'll be gone forever! Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed Eurovision.
“What did you want to say, Dean? You can tell me now.”
When they get there - perfectly on time, might she add - they are immediately greeted by the filming crew. Hair and makeup descend on the group, slapping concealer on the boys and leading Eileen away to do her up properly. Jack ends up going with her, curious and willing to wear more than the basics, and neither of them return for at least twenty minutes. Paige laughs at the pointed look Sam gets from a stern makeup artist as she hands him a hairbrush.
Ha. As if he would lose the advantage he currently has. “No.”
Diana is only a few steps behind her, rolling her eyes at the fuss. Her outfit appears to be made entirely out of red leather; a blood coloured romper, and a matching leather jacket over the top.
“So I’m told,” he mumbles, Claire already tugging Kaia towards the kitchen without sparing him a glance.
Then, there’s a piercing female scream from the hallway and Cas can’t stay alone in the room any longer. Grabbing his bag, he hesitates with his hand over the handle for only a second before bursting out into the hallway, but he can’t see anything unusual.
A random fact: a guilty pleasure of Paige’s is watching the Ghostfacers. Another fact: the Ghostfacers complain about “The Winchesters” nearly every single video. More facts? A man in a trenchcoat once appeared in one of their episodes, claiming to be an “angel of the Lord.” A man who looks quite a lot like Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam scratches the back of his head. “Yeah, he took some convincing from me and Eileen. And Jody. And Donna. And I think Garth even texted him at one point.”
Marie, as it turns out, asks more questions than Sam. She wants to know whether they’ll change the song in any way, what outfits they’re going to wear, what staging they're going to do, what time they’ll be on. In the end, Paige genuinely considers hanging up on her before realising that would probably be quite rude, and so she instead purposefully trips on a curb and sends herself sprawling to the ground.
“God, I never knew a Winchester could be such a sap,” Jo replies, and it is at this moment that she realises quite how close her face is to Charlie’s.
(By the way: Diana won this Eurovision, and next year they run away to America to get gay married and become an eccentric rich lesbian couple)
Dean Winchester spent an unusually large amount of his time in graveyards. This one, unlike most, had special significance. Of course he knew his mother wasn’t still buried there, but her headstone remained, a last reminder of her life.
“I need the toilet,” Cas announces, sliding off the sofa in a movement that no one would describe as graceful.
Paige can only laugh a little awkwardly. “I highly doubt it. You really like your ghosts, don’t you?”
Sighing, Cas sticks his head through the doors of the other rooms, giving himself a quick tour. There’s one other guest bedroom which he places his borrowed bag in the corner of, a fairly modern kitchen, a small office which contains nothing but an ancient computer and a dusty bookshelf, a cosy living area and a small bathroom. Cas shuts himself into the latter, stopping only to grab a towel from the cluttered cupboard in the guest room. He’s found, in the week or so he can remember, that he really loves hot showers. The bunker has much better water pressure than the cabin, but it still helps him to relax anyway.
Even though he knows his death is coming, even though he is crying, Cas still smiles. “Because it is.”
Zrdrasvuyte - formal hello
Cas is suddenly hit with a wave of nausea. There are a thousand words on the tip of his tongue, a hundred memories that he can feel swirling around him like a tornado. He’s stuck in the eye of the storm, reaching out desperately to try and grab some debris to hold onto so he can make sense of what’s going on, but everything is just out of his grasp.
“Oh, it’s you,” Jimmy replies, smiling slightly. “Did you clear up the glitter?”
“Yeah, my brother’s coming up and he’s stopping at our place to get some.”
“And I’ve been repressing my emotions since I was four years old and have been told I’m insufferable.”
Dean frowns. “What Russian chick?”
Kevin groans inwardly, but forces a smile onto his face. “Like what?”
Jack is… enthusiastic. He seems to have absolutely no idea what’s going on, but that doesn’t stop him from bouncing up and down on his chair the entire drive, interrupting them by pointing out seemingly trivial things like a cloud shaped like a duck. (Personally, Paige thought it was more of a cactus, but she didn’t tell him that.)
“I have a phone call to make,” Paige says, trying to remember if her paracetamol was in her handbag or backpack. She stands up, dramatically pointing at them as she leaves. “This song better not be complete shit.”
“Over there,” she says, gesturing to a table in the corner, “Is what we call Winner’s Corner. Past contestants always manage to flock together, no matter the venue. The man in the waistcoat is Alexander Rybak - he won for Belarus in 2009. On his left is Netta, who won for Israel in 2018, and the last one there is Måns Zelmerlöw. He won in 2015 and managed to become one of the favourites - he’s hosted the competition and he usually comes back.”
Crowley was having some serious regrets about coming to this stupid wedding. Everybody was being so
If this went well, he supposed, maybe it would be special for a different reason.
To no one’s surprise, they don’t win. But, what the rest of Europe doesn’t know is that they saved lives tonight, so they’re the real heroes in Paige’s opinion.
Paige thinks with a smirk.
What the fuck is that?!”
Cas was seriously considering ignoring it and chalking the whole thing up to a weird, unexplained circumstance that he could forget and move past, if not for Jody’s reaction. He hadn’t spent much time with her, but from the short conversations they had shared and the way Dean and the girls had described her, he would imagine that she would be mad but fair about the cabin burning to the ground. Maybe he was expecting a few raised voices, maybe a demand to get the money for it to be fixed. He was not expecting for her to raise her eyebrows, exchange a look with Dean that he couldn’t decipher, and for her to nod and simply say, “We’ll have to find somewhere else for you fellas to stay then, I suppose.”
Even Gabriel has to admit that was smooth. Maybe he didn’t give his baby brothers as much credit as he should; apparently neither of them were going to fall for the old stirring-the-pot trick.
“Not having fun?” she replies, amused.
Jody nods and goes back over to her party, twirling Patience as she passes. There’s only one thing she has left to do.
“I love you,” Dean whispers. They had their big declarations earlier on; this is just for Cas’ ears.
“Yes. Although, I still can’t make sense of most of them,” Cas responds, Dean’s enthusiasm encouraging him to finally look up. “I think there’s a lot for me to catch up on.”
So they sit there and they watch as the stars shift across the sky, peaceful in just the company of each other, and the eternal skies of Heaven.
Dean, of course, is by his side the entire time, even if he is on an extraordinary amount of painkillers and has his arm bandaged up.
As this strange family starts to walk away, Paige decides that she’ll miss them. Sure, this year has been stressful, but at least she has another story to tell. And besides, she finds it hard to be angry when she’s only a flight away from a warm bath, her usual chippy order, and a nice cup of tea.
“Hey sunshine, you seen Jack?” she asks, still skimming the crowd for any sign of him.
Paige doesn’t look up from her phone, wincing as she scrolls past an email from Azerbaijan’s manager. That woman is genuinely one of the scariest people she has ever encountered. “Yeah, I heard that rumour. Probably not true, or the media would have grabbed it. Unless you’re talking about that Russian chick, in which case, I have no idea.”
She considers this for a minute. Cas is just about to repeat himself in case she didn’t catch it - it is dark after all - but she just carefully puts her glass on the map table and holds up a finger. “Give me one minute,” she says, waiting for his response to check he won’t just leave while she’s gone. Cas just shrugs.
Cas looks at it for a long moment, his eyes skimming back over the cases for the other two films. After only a moment of hesitation, he asks, “Can we watch it?”
“I’m Jack,” Jack says with a wave, smiling and apparently entirely unaware of the social situation.
Cas clicks the safety off on the gun and doesn’t question how he knows how to do that. “Dean, start talking.”
There’s a pause and then what sounds like a bark, and the woman laughs. “Oh, Deano, why don’t I ask him myself?” Then, a bit louder: “Castiel, darling, eavesdropping is rude. Why don’t you join us?”
Cas nods seriously. “They thought I was Jesus Christ.”
- but Dean is still trying to get her attention.
, and Dean can’t stop grinning at it) and is glaring into the cup of coffee Dean made him.
Considering how many people live in the bunker, it’s surprisingly quiet. Cas is cautious as he walks towards the door, tiptoeing with his boots in hand, the floor cold on his feet, but there isn’t much reason. He gets all the way to the stairs without even the suggestion of another living creature making themselves known, where he sits to lace up his shoes.
Paige thinks, storing that piece of information away for later.
film, or
Kaia lunges, but it’s too late. Time seems to move in slow motion as they both watch the glitter cannon fall through empty space, hitting the carpet with a deafening
She hears them arrive before she sees them.
“What do you hunt?” he asks, but Eileen is looking away, and he doesn’t bother repeating the question.
Until now, she had never even spared a second thought for Georgian food - in fact, she’d actually been hoping that Italy would win for the last few years just so she could spend a week eating pasta that wasn’t from one of those instant pouches - but she’d been pleasantly surprised in the last few days.
Cas shrugs. “You always seem to be on your phone. I thought you might be waiting for a call from someone.”
Why couldn’t she focus this time?
“But-”
“Cas? What are you doing?” he asks, raising an eyebrow.
“Yep!” Alex squeaks. “Just, uh…”
Paige laughs, relaxing a little as they take their seats in the green room. “Yeah, a good Paddington Bear has got me far over the years.”
Cas’ grin is so wide, Dean is sure it must be hurting him. In fact, he knows it aches, because there’s a matching one etched onto his face.
“Okay, uh wait here one sec.” She lets go of the door and heads towards the wardrobe, yanking out her suitcase and rummaging around until she finds what she’s looking for. “This is your itinerary, it should keep you occupied for a little bit. I’ll explain it properly in the car, but if you give ten minutes to get ready we can go out for lunch.”
“I saw Cas and the tall one on the way here!” Odette exclaims. “They were in the foyer.”
“Right,” Claire responds, and his face drops a little. This probably wasn’t going as he was expecting.
“You’re leaving?” Cas doesn’t dare look at him, but Dean’s voice sounds hurt.
and the cabin goes up in flames.
“Ah,” she responds, “Sorry everyone, I think I watch too many ghost hunting shows.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The lights flicker and reflect in Kevin’s eyes like a candle flame. “I bet you can, kiddo.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “I don’t think I wanna know.”
A few hours later, Eileen is patiently teaching Cas some sign language when the bunker door creaks open. “Hey, bitches!” a woman’s voice announces, and Cas looks up, surprised.
“You good with getting Dean there on time?” Sam asks for the millionth time, hovering by the door.
Cas is left holding a mixtape.
“Anyway, this wedding is going to be anything but legal - I don’t think a possessed corpse and a dude who legally died twice will be getting a marriage certificate anytime soon - but we’re gonna try and stick to tradition. So, if anyone believes they have any reason that these two shouldn’t get married, speak now or forever hold your peace.”
“What do you think?” Paige asks, smiling at them as they approach.
Odette gathers up the bottom of her skirt, already heading for the door. “What an adventure, Diana!”
Paige turns away to hide her grin, not wanting to upset the poor kid. Rummaging through the two costume rails, she manages to uncover the five costumes she needs for their performance.
“What about you?” he asks, not at all interested.
That’s when Cas moves, throwing himself to his feet and ignoring the way the corner of his vision turns black. The gun wobbles in front of him, vaguely pointed in Dean’s direction as he waits for his eyes to focus again.
“Kevin,” Jack starts, and it takes all of Kevin’s remaining willpower not to slam his head into a wall repeatedly. “Can I go dance?”
“Jesus, you could scare Lucifer off with that.”
“It’s alright,” Sam says, his voice unerringly calm. “It’s going to be alright.”
“No problem.”
Apparently Paige isn’t the only person to notice Dean’s open jaw. “For God’s sake, Dean,” Sam shouts over the music. “You’ve already had one sexuality crisis, please don’t make us all go through a second one.”
Sam looks at the ground, shuffling awkwardly from foot to foot. “We went… on a run?” Even Eileen looks a little unimpressed with his poor lying skills.
Crowley has a plan. He used to be the King of Hell - and wasn’t that a thing, to find out that his own stupid mother was Queen now - so he always had a plan. This one would either end in tears (not his), the wedding being called off, or a…
“Sure,” Sam smiles, nudging Eileen under the table.
Dean turns to him, his eyebrows practically disappearing up his hairline. “Seriously?”
When she had been asked to manage the UK’s act for Eurovision 2021, Paige had been expecting the usual pile of shit. There was a reason they hadn’t won since 1997, and it wasn’t Brexit. This year, though, is different. After the original entrant took the fast way down the stairs, she had been given a last minute replacement: four Americans and an Irish person. So yeah, a pretty weird mix for a group, but not the
“Christ,” she mutters, pulling her phone out of her handbag. “Okay, so people you want to watch out for tonight: Belgium - I have a note here to say to avoid talking to this guy? - Greece, because their song is actually pretty good, and Bulgaria.”
“Fine, but we’re watching some dude get chomped by a dinosaur tomorrow.”
“Well… let’s get this show on the road, I guess. You two wrote your own vows, right?”
There’s an awkward silence so long, that she finally turns around to see what prevented a response. The first thing she sees, instead of the ever familiar crinkled suit or the messy hair, is the name tag.
It suddenly strikes Paige that the chances of them making out in a cupboard somewhere is much higher than the chance of them actually helping.
He was surprised that Dean would agree to move in with him, though. Somehow, it felt much more permanent than staying in a cabin for a few weeks. The cabin had been somewhere to stay for a few weeks, a way to run away from the issue of Cas’ lost memories. A home felt more long-term; almost scarily like a promise of a future with the Winchesters. With Dean, specifically.
“Oh,” Dean replies, and she can’t tell if he’s relieved or disappointed.
Cas swallows, trying to push the memory down, and nods. “Low blood sugar, I think.”
Odette and Diana share an amused look, while the Brendan Brothers just look concerned. There’s a long pause, and then:
Thank you once again for reading this and putting up with me - we're nearing the end!
“Uh, not
Diana tuts from beside her. “He takes his shirt off one time, now everyone is falling over themselves for this
The first stage of his plan involved observing the other guests, to see who he could get on his side to help him cause chaos. Not that they would know they had been roped into his cunning scheme, that is. His eyes wandered around the room, searching the face of each person and calculating what kind of problems they could help him cause.
Cas sighs. “It’s exactly what it looks like.”
Alex glances up at the kitchen clock. “Well, we’re walking down the aisle with them in half an hour. Think we can manage it?”
By the time Charlie’s seemingly never ending playlist lands on Come On Eileen, Dean decides that it’s probably their cue to leave. Sam is blushing as he explains the joke to Eileen, which makes the whole thing about eight times funnier. Dean doesn’t think he would be alone in assuming that theirs might be the next wedding to take place in Heaven; their kid having the power of God really does come in helpful for invites across multiple planes of existence.
Sam eyes the pile of borrowed clothing on the bed, the trench coat folded neatly on top. “It doesn’t look like nothing.”
Diana frowns. “You know, your…” She struggles for a moment, before triumphantly announcing: “Contestants!”
Jo snickers. That really should be her motto.
The knocking gets a little more insistent, and after burying her head in the duvet and gathering all her strength, she forces herself to answer it. Cracking it open just a bit, she sees Dean on the other side, holding a plate of food.
“Bollocks,” she muttered.
“Wanna watch a movie?” Dean suggests after the girls leave to go into town for a while, and Cas can’t find a reason to say no.
Dean’s already moving in the opposite direction, pulling Cas along with him. “Uh, let’s go to your room.”
Russian:
exactly-”
He straightened his jacket and ran a hand through his hair. No. He’s the King of Hell, goddamnit, there’s no way he’s giving up that easily. There has to be someone here he can manipulate into ruining what’s left of the wedding.
Cas blinks at him. “Dean’s coming?”
This, however, meant Cas was left alone with his thoughts. It wasn’t a permanent solution, he decided, as the trees and signposts and miles disappeared in the rearview mirror. One day, this Jody who he supposedly knew would need her cabin back, and then what would happen? Clearly, his time at the bunker had shown Cas that he couldn’t stay there forever. As it was, Dean could hardly look at him, and that wasn’t any way to live. For now, Sam and Eileen and his friends could convince Dean not to throw Cas out on the streets, but he had a suspicion that that was more out of pity and a desperation for their friend back than anything else. One day, they would realise that the person they once knew was gone for good, and then… well, there’d be no need to keep his doppelganger around, surely.
Dean sidles up behind her. “You alright, there? Sorry, I know Sammy can be a bit intense.”
“Sure,” Kevin agrees, and Sam breathes a sigh of relief.
“Why did they choose this location?” Castiel asks, appearing at the side of Paige out of nowhere and startling her.
“Oh.” Cas wasn’t expecting that, if he’s being honest. Dean can hardly stand the sight of him, so he can’t imagine him agreeing to move out with him. Cas supposed it didn’t really matter, and it might even be better, having someone with him. “There’s just one thing I need.”
anything-”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Not the answer you were looking for?”
“Odette. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Cas?” Dean asks, following him over to the sofa. “You wanna sit on the couch? What’s going on?”
The ghost reappears, snarling and lunging for them. With some invisible force, it yanks Dean out of the way, throwing him against the wall with a sickening crack. Ian is next, thrown backwards into the corridor, taking Fox down with him.
After two weeks of looking, they did end up finding a house that met Dean’s standards. It was on the outskirts of Lebanon (“quiet, that’s good,”), it had a fully functioning kitchen (“I’ll make you a pie you actually get to eat this time, Cas,”), a huge backyard (“we’ll have to get some plants or shit, I guess,”) and it was ready to move into immediately, which Cas was pleased about. Last time, his stay in the bunker had been punctuated with his pleasant conversations with Eileen and the pity that accompanies someone recovering, but this time it had been much worse. The sooner he got out of there, the better.
“And that’s why you manhandled me into the car?”
“Claire!” comes Kaia’s voice, and she doesn’t know whether to be relieved or even more worried. He’s gotta be at least somewhat not-homophobic to be at a gay wedding, surely? “Claire, I’ve been looking for you everywhere, you gotta know that your-”
Castiel’s eyes flutter open, and he groans as Dean’s hands nervously roam across his face, checking for any injury. His head feels like a watermelon that’s been hit with a sledgehammer. With every blink, he seems to see a new scene playing in his mind; a seemingly impossible fight, a snippet of a conversation, flashes of images that make no sense to him. He watches himself walk into a lake, he sees the fires of Hell, he feels himself being stabbed in the back.
“Shit!” he shouts, turning to her and shooing her towards the door, holding his stupid metal stick in the air like a sword. “You gotta get outta here.”
“Kevin?” Now the poor kid just looks confused.
He stares at his reflection in the mirror and doesn’t see himself. He sees a Cas who has lived a life he remembers. He sees a man who doesn’t hide in a bathroom asking people questions he should know the answer to.
Rowena thought as they brought out dessert - pie, of course - and she sighed dramatically.
“So, please. Come on, surely you owe us this? Compensation for all the shit we’ve gone through? And I know I wasn’t always the nicest to ya, but… please.” His voice breaks, and he shakes his head, staring up at the ceiling even though his eyes are still closed. The light above him seems to frame his face, illuminating it like some kind of manufactured halo. “Please. For me. Just… bring him back. Uh, amen, or whatever.”
By ‘pleasantly surprised’, she actually meant that she was going to learn all of these recipes and cook them for the rest of her life, because the only thing that could prevent her from eating acharuli khachapuri every day is lactose intolerance and death.
Dean shifts nervously, nibbling on his lip for a moment. “Alright, but only if you put the gun down.”
It’s a ridiculous sentiment, he thinks, to feel like he is intruding on moments that he supposedly lived through. But it is most certainly an intrusion, on that he has no doubt. The Cas in those pictures is not the same as the one who looks down at them on a cracked phone screen now. He seems… not
In the end, Cas didn’t have much time to ponder the strange circumstances involving the fire, because he was immediately thrown into house hunting, which was an interesting experience. It turns out that Sam had been squirrelling away money for some time without his brother’s knowledge, and he was more than happy (read: extremely insistent) for them to spend it on buying their own house nearby. Having never bought a house before - that he could remember anyway - Cas found the sheer number of options fascinating.
Before they leave, Dean also snags some guitar-shaped hooks while Cas sneaks three more succulents in cute pots into the cart. They manage to spend quite a lot, which Cas worries about until Dean tells him it’s fine.
It was darker than Dean could ever imagine, a kind of impenetrable darkness so black and vast without the promise of a horizon that it overwhelmed him for a moment. The only surface in sight was the floor, which rippled and distorted Dean’s reflection as he took a tentative step forward.
“Okay, just calm down, alright,” Dean tries to placate, “I didn’t
I am writing this later than I should be but I am desperate for the first proper chapter to go up, so thank you so much to Taia for beta-ing, otherwise this would be one huge puddle of probably unreadable goo :)
Kevin shuffles his feet uncomfortably, throwing his arms in the air. “I don’t know! He was here one minute, I turn around, he’s gone!”
He’s wearing a suit, like he has for nearly twelve years, but it still manages to take Dean’s breath away. It’s black, the opposite of Dean’s white (he had complained about not being the bride in this situation, until Sam had finally interjected with, “Will you please give the performative masculinity a break, Jesus,”) and his hair is slicked back with expertise that Dean knew had not come from the angel. They lock eyes from across the room, their extended family and friends sitting between them but entirely invisible to their eyes, and Dean cracks a grin for the first time that day.
When Sam comes in to check on him in the morning, he doesn’t expect to find Cas sprawled across the top of his bed, wrapped in a long forgotten trench coat with a cassette player tucked in beside him. Shaking his head, he carefully drapes a blanket over him and closes the door softly when he leaves. Cas deserves some rest.
That night, when Cas walks past Dean’s door to go to bed he hesitates. Dean doesn’t turn around, never notices his presence, but Cas sees the man’s bare shoulder, and can’t shake the feeling there used to be a scar there. When he sleeps, he dreams of fire and pain and a dirt grave, and wakes to the echoing sound of exploding lightbulbs.
“Fucking excuse me? You’re supposed to be on stage in half an hour and I have a team of people out trying to find you dumbasses? Where’s the rest of you?”
“Uh, you guys need some water or something?” Paige asks a little more politely, and they shake their heads, already pulling out their own supplies.
Stepping shakily forward, angel blade grasped tightly in his fist (although what good it would do, Dean wasn’t sure) he refused to let himself think about
Paige raises an eyebrow. “...I can promise you that Bulgaria is a real country. There are some rumours that they have some scheme cooked up to get some revenge or something? I’d just stay out of their way.”
“Great. I’ll pack a bag.”
“I would like to make a toast,” Sam declares, holding his champagne glass up, “to twelve years of unbearable sexual tension!”
Then, there’s the sound of a window smashing. Kaia, the only other person at the table, leaps to her feet and sends Cas a worried glance. Dean’s already rushing in from the kitchen, seemingly on high alert. He exchanges a look with Kaia that Cas can’t decipher, before surreptitiously nodding to Cas and sliding her something behind his back.
“Tradition’s just peer pressure from dead people,” Dean mumbles, and Bobby raises an eyebrow.
It’s nearly go time when Donna asks Alex to fetch the confetti cannons from where they have been stashed in the kitchen. She can’t help but linger after she finds them, the smell from the assorted covered food absolutely amazing. Everyone seemed to have pitched in; there were Mary’s Winchester Surprises, Jody had mashed enough potatoes to feed an army, at least six different flavoured pies, and there was an assortment of other dishes that she didn’t dare uncover.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Paige yells, shoving her phone back into her handbag. Music has started to play, and she’ll be damned if her contestants don’t get on the stage at the right time.
“No, it’s not that. I-” He frowns. “I can’t put my finger on it. It’s like… a sense of loss, I suppose? Grief, almost, but I don’t know what it’s for.”
{o0o}
Sure, Jo has only known Charlie for a brief amount of time, but when
Crowley rolls his eyes. “I was in charge long before mother got her grubby hands on my throne.”
Claire sighs. “Yup.”
Kaia comes to a sudden stop in front of them, her eyes dropping to the nametag. “Uh, nevermind.”
“Well, I, uh… I don’t think- It’s not my place to say,” Sam stutters, tripping over his words.
Dean swallows. “You’re an angel. Or, you were, anyway. You dragged me out of Hell and then you worked with us and saved my ass more times than I can count… and somewhere along the way, you became family.”
TRANSLATIONS
Dean frowns, like he hadn’t meant to let that piece of information slip. “Uh, it’s a long story.”
Eileen looks between the two of them like they have grown an extra limb.
“Anyway, we’re gonna go to that. Then, on Wednesday, we have to film your postcard and record your song since you’re an emergency entry, and, if you play nice, you’ll probably get an invite to the big ESC party. Thursday is the second semi-final in the evening, and in the daytime we’re scheduled to do a dress rehearsal onstage. Any questions yet?”
The bunker is the only permanent home he remembers having since he was four years old, and although he knows there is another one waiting for him, it still feels strange to leave it. In this life, you took small comforts wherever you could get it, even if it is just in the familiarity of your own mattress over an infinite number of motel rooms.
“I’m Castiel, by the way,” the first man introduces, smiling down at her. “Sorry for making you spill your coffee.”
Charlie’s eyes twinkle, a spark of mischief in them as her breath ghosts Jo’s face. “They’re not the only ones who deserve to be happy.”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “Would you like to join us for lunch? I’m sure no one would mind your company.”
Then, Crowley spotted his opportunity. There, sitting just two rows behind them, was a certain ex of Dean’s. A certain vampire ex, who everyone knew Castiel hated.
Cas let Dean lead him into the kitchen. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Kevin,” Jack asks, appearing out of nowhere and looking significantly ruffled from his enthusiastic dancing. “I want to do something nice for my dads.”
Even Charlie stops cleaning up her dress now, her mouth open wide as she exchanges a look with Kaia. The poor girl is practically shaking, and that’s the moment Charlie realises that she is trying to decide whether or not to out her girlfriend.
Cas is quiet for a moment. “I have all my memories back.”
but he either doesn’t notice, or straight up ignores it.
He mutters something unintelligible into the side of his pillow, and Cas smirks. “Sorry, I didn’t catch that.”
Dean frowns at them. “You guys are hunters?”
“Look, I’m sorry you went to Hell, but you can’t blame me,” Dean grunts, sounding pained.
He can feel Cas’ lazy smile against his neck. “I love you too, Dean Winchester.”
Sam asks, mouth falling open.
{o0o}
“We’ll have to get some furniture,” Dean suggests after they make the call to buy the house, and they drive out that very afternoon.
Gabriel, for example, could always be relied upon to cause some kind of mayhem, since his ego meant he couldn’t be out of the spotlight for more than five minutes at a time, never mind the duration of a whole wedding. Meg was a no-go, unless he was desperate and wanted to start a fist fight, and besides, she was busy flirting with Balthazar anyway. His mother was apparently doing her damned best to talk his ears off. How she hadn’t noticed that he was just giving noncommittal responses in the right places, he wasn’t sure.
“What in Hell are you doing here?” the Scottish woman asks, at the exact same time Sam says,“Don’t you have Hell to run?”
Addy laughs a little, and Paige can hear the tears in her voice. “You’ll come back home when you’re done with work?”
“Kev? Kev?! Kevin?”
Filming a postcard is never much more than this, in Paige’s experience. They’ll be sent to do some random thing or be in some random place that’s supposed to represent the host country, and they’ll prance about a bit in front of the camera until their time is up and that’s that. At best, it’s a day out. At worst, you’re stuck trekking mud around a potato field.
tell me the little tweetie pie is singing too. And I can’t wait to see the look on Dean’s face when he finds out I’m here! Oh, this is the best birthday gift I’ve ever received.”
Jack practically jumps out of his seat. “I know the Ghostfacers! Elliot watched their videos after I told him ghosts are real.” He frowns suddenly. “They really hate Sam and Dean.”
“I, uh… I’ve never been good at saying how I feel. But, I gotta say, you’re it for me, buddy. I don’t - I didn’t really think I was worthy of love, for a long time, ‘til I met you. Actually, ‘til long after I met you. But now… being with you, it’s the happiest I’ve ever been. And I know that no matter what happens, no matter how many times you mess up my kitchen,” - Sam snorts at this - “I’ll always keep on loving you. As, uh, as I think I once said… you’re a gift, Cas, and I intend on keeping ya, if that’s alright with you?”
“What’s up with the eyes?” she asks, ignoring Dean.
Ellen sticks her head round the door, taking in the transformation of her beloved bar. “Jeez, you guys coulda told me you were done!” she complains, but there’s a wide grin on her face.
She saunters towards Cas, the diamonds on her choker blinding him as they sparkle in the light, and Cas watches with horror as her eyes flicker and turn completely black. He can see his own terrified expression reflected in those pools of darkness as he watches Dean struggle against invisible bonds, unable to move from his position on the floor no matter how hard he tries.
He was running now, desperate to see him again,
The next chapter, if all goes to plan, involves some drunk dancing and some speeches. :)
So Dean went to the graveyard on his own, and he completed the relatively simple spell on his own, and when the portal opened up in front of him he took his angel blade and he entered the Empty on his own.
Jack’s eyes widen comically, but Eileen just laughs.
Luckily, Charlie hadn’t gone to comic con every year since she was eighteen and become the Queen of Moondoor for nothing, so they had a plan all laid out. Unfortunately, there was no way they could go downstairs looking like this, so they were going to have to find someone else to grab the tape for them, and they needed someone who wouldn’t rat on them.
is a fairly forgettable ballad, but everyone - including the judges - know what happens if Azerbaijan doesn't get through.
Russian:
Originally, I had planned for this fic to have 11 chapters, but all these stupid little characters started doing things I didn't expect, and then this chapter got away from me, and here we are! Thank you so much for following this fic with me for all this time, your comments and kind wishes meant the world as I was writing. I hope you enjoy this last chapter, and thank you for coming on this journey with me!
“I do,” he replies, slipping the matching ring onto Cas’ hand.
This time, when he traces his fingers over the etchings, he feels his heart swell. Dean stands with him as his fingers skim over each letter, grinning widely. “You’re a part of the family now, like it or not.”
but I never back down from a challenge.”
“What do you mean ‘you lost the kid’?” Claire says with exasperation, pinching the bridge of her nose.
“So, a honeymoon is just a sex holiday?” Jack asks, and Kevin nods seriously.
Her smile is one of a predator who has just caught their prey, but Eileen doesn’t back down. “Well, I’ll be the judge of that,
Cas suddenly decides he isn’t hungry after all.
“Of course I do!” Dean responds immediately. “It’s just… what if he doesn’t want to marry me?”
Paige thinks, swinging the door shut behind her. This is much nicer than the hotels they usually get. Maybe these guys are famous or something. She can’t think of another reason why they would get such an upgrade.
Crowley isn’t sure, but there is one thing he
and it’s pulsing and fading and they were both gonna get trapped there forever. Dean started to think that maybe that wouldn’t be so bad, at least they would be together, but he pushed even harder, sprinted even faster, throwing himself through the doorway at the last possible moment, tripping over his own feet and ending up with his face in the dirt.
“Cas?” Dean’s tone is more gentle than Cas can ever remember hearing it, and he carefully helps him into a sitting position. “You got me worried there for a second. You alright?”
“Yes, I remember what nachos are. I don’t remember what they taste like, though,” Cas clarifies, allowing himself to be pulled along.
“Do you guys own clothes that aren’t flannel?” she mutters as she shoves them all out the door and to their awaiting car, but no one is listening to her. She’s used to it.
“See you later, alligator,” Addy replies, and Paige can picture the smile on her face.
“Where am I?” he asks in return, lying back down in an attempt to get his head to stop spinning.
“Excuse me?” A gruff voice interrupts her train of thought, startling her into spilling her shitty coffee all down her front.
Visiting the bunker is a strange experience, Cas decides. He had been living as another person for months, and to have the strange blur of memories from his years of being here and the weeks he had hated living here is confusing.
“You did say I could pick.”
The door shuts with a creak behind her, and Alex breathes a dramatic sigh of relief, before continuing the monumental task of cleaning up the kitchen. Granted, she had only met the Winchesters a handful of times, but she knew that they definitely deserved a nice day, and she was
and sending a billion miniscule, shiny pieces of green and blue everywhere.
“He was lucky,” the nurse had said after he came back from his operation. “The bullet only hit his shoulder. He should make a full recovery, with time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
into another passionate kiss.
Dean shoots a worried look at Cas and drops to his knees beside him, running his hands worriedly over his face. “You okay?”
Sam looks around, looking only a little unhinged. His hair is falling over his face and his shirt appears to be on inside out. “They’re not here? They were supposed to get back before us.”
“What’s the last thing you remember?”
“Please help me clean up,” Alex begs, and Jo nods, already moving.
The door cracks open an inch, a rectangle of light hitting Cas squarely in the face. He squints blearily up at Dean, who clearly finds his drowsiness amusing. “Come on, you’ve gotta get dressed.”
They come to a halt outside the large double doors, the crowd milling around them.
“Shall I pick out outfits for you guys tonight?”
“When did you find out we were the new contestants?” Eileen asks.
“Uh, not exactly,” Sam replies, and Eileen snickers.
Dean had promised not to cry, but he couldn’t help the tears that sprung to his eyes. He gives a little nervous laugh, shaking his head and glancing at the ground for a moment before meeting Cas’ eyes once more.
Dean nods once, a jerky movement, and Bobby finally gives in and slaps the boy's hands away from his suit, leaning over to actually fix his bow tie. He claps his hands over Dean’s shoulders just as the bridesmaids round the corner, chattering excitedly.
Lunch isn’t quite as awkward as Cas expected it to be. Apparently, Claire is still refusing to acknowledge his existence, but Kaia is perfectly polite to him. Plus, Dean’s cooking is excellent.
Paige thinks, leaning back onto the towel she brought. The sand is warm between her toes and the smell of sea salt in the air is more refreshing than any cold drink.
“We’re all good to go!” Charlie beams, looking Dean up and down in his suit with a grin. “Ooh, a bow tie! Bow ties are cool.”
Sam, Dean, Cas, Jack, Eileen, and Paige all go the beach and have fun. Paige thinks about the events leading up to her leaving for Eurovision, where her then-girlfriend, Addy, dumped her when she found her asexual flag. Paige then calls her back, and Addy apologises and says she has done research on what asexuality is and she just wanted to say sorry. They tentatively make up with a promise to have a proper conversation when Paige gets back, and then Paige gets ice cream with Jack :D
“I do.” A tear slips from Cas’ eye as he slides the ring onto Dean’s finger. Dean cups his face, rubbing his thumb over his cheek to wipe it away, the metal of his new ring cool against Cas’ skin.
“You have to go onstage in half an hour!” she exclaims.
“Hello, dear,” Rowena greets him, elbowing her son in the side to get him to turn around and mumble an introduction. “How have you been?”
“Dad?” she asks, her voice at least a pitch higher than usual. The last time she had seen him alive was that day from so long ago, when he had left her and her mum once more.
{o0o}
Cas gives him a wry smile. “That was an accident.”
“I’ll be here the whole time if you wanna go on a ghost hunt,” Paige offers, but Eileen’s shoulders sag slightly and she sits back down beside Jack.
Paige narrows her eyes at him, scraping the last of the beans from her plate. “Who did you kill?”
Kevin doesn’t look up from where he’s lying on the floor. “Really not how that works.”
“I don’t dance,” he replies, suddenly seeing a way out of this mess. “But I think I see one of your dads over there. You could go ask them?”
“What’s the matter?” Dean finishes, “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
Everyone nods. Paige wishes she could see their face when they see what she’s got them.
“Why do you all live in an underground bunker?” he asks her one day. “I know I’m no expert, but even I think that’s weird.”
Who do you think should have won last year? My personal fave was Iceland's
Dean’s laugh is unnervingly high. “No one, I swear. But, uh, do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
The Black Sea Arena is fairly impressive, but there’s no time to stop and admire it. Paige has seen it before, anyhow; while her act were waltzing around Georgia to see the sights, she had been here, sorting out an astronomical amount of paperwork and approving outfits. (Which, if she is lucky, might be ready by their dress rehearsal on Thursday. Her hopes aren’t that high.)
interrupts her train of thought, and she fights the urge to bury her head in her hands. There’s only one person in the entirety of the Eurovision staff that would make an entrance that dramatic: Azerbaijan’s manager.
Cas glares at his friend, and Paige simply raises an eyebrow. “I’m fine, it’s fine. But, uh, can I help you?”
Cas wakes the next morning to a light knock on his door.
Jack’s eyes light up and his tears stop immediately. “Can I?”
Claire wonders as she dances until she gets dizzy from laughter.
Luckily, he doesn’t catch Becky high-five Jody and Ellen, or he might have caught onto their plot a little faster.
He falls into life in the bunker surprisingly fast, making a list of rules and observations in his head. For example, Dean will never look him in the eyes unless he’s drunk, which is most nights. All the other people in the bunker - Cas doesn’t bother with names, but they all seem to know him - look to Sam for direction, so he’s almost always rushing from one place to another. Cas spends most of his time wandering from room to room, flicking through ancient books and lying in the bed they had assigned him, staring blankly at the ceiling.
“Why would you rescue me from the Empty?” Cas asks out of the blue, his voice small. He had never intended to deal with the consequences of his confession, and he is concerned that maybe it will strain their relationship more than it already has. It has been twelve years, and even at the end, Dean has never indicated that he was romantically interested in Cas.
The performance goes exactly as well as Paige expects it to, which is to say that it is absolutely terrible. Everyone misses their marks, Sam starts singing the wrong lyrics, and Jack gets distracted by the lighting and nearly gets set on fire by the pyrotechnics. The second attempt is slightly better, but Dean trips over Cas’ foot and goes sprawling, leaving Eileen so thrown off from her fit of laughter that she doesn’t know what part of the song they’re up to, so she gives up on signing and dances instead.
There’s a knock on the door. “You guys okay?” Ian yells over the music.
Dean huffs, looking longingly at
“Why?” Eileen asks as Paige waves a waiter over for the bill.
“I’m gonna find Sam,” Eileen says, standing up and gesturing for Jack to come with her. “We’ll be back in time for the show.”
“Well… I’m pretty sure you guys liked each other. You wouldn’t stop staring at each other. It was actually kind of creepy and I always got stuck in the middle-”
Half the fun of flying to various countries for Eurovision, Paige knows, is the food. Seriously, those two weeks she spent in Germany a few years back… well, she’s genuinely surprised she managed to do
“Well,” Paige announces as they trudge past her to their respective dressing rooms, out of breath and sweating. “That could have gone worse.”
“One second,” she mutters, and there are looks of disappointment all around as she wriggles her way through the group over to one of the only people sitting down.
“Claire,” her dad says, and it’s weird that his voice sounds strange coming from Cas’ mouth. It should be the other way around,she knows that, but over the years Cas had done more for her than her father ever had.
“Oh, stop being so mean, Di. Really, have you not heard about this group? Everyone has been talking about you guys.”
“Good for you,” Claire responds, absolutely done. “For the record, I am pretty glad you said yes, because Cas and the Winchesters and Jody and Donna and all the other amazing people I met because of your stupid deal were better parents than either you or mom ever were. So, there,” she finishes, feeling like a toddler having a meltdown.
When Cas wakes in the morning, it’s to the sound of angry clattering, followed by a loud crash and several curse words. Groaning and rubbing his face, he quickly gets out of bed and follows the string of swears to the kitchen. Dean is sitting on the floor, his face in his hands, what looks like every single pot and pan strewn on the floor around him.
At the point where the unbroken eye contact has gone on way too long to be comfortable, Paige finally speaks up. “So, are you performing tonight, Diana?”
“Maybe not today,” Cas replies, and he disappears to his room for the rest of the evening.
He wasn’t dead. The universe hadn’t been ripped apart. It was time for him to continue his mission.
Jo raises an eyebrow. At least no one made a vampire joke.
“Heard you’ve lost Jack?” Donna remarks cheerily, popping out from nowhere and scaring the life out of Claire.
Paige finds the ride to the hotel even more stressful than it usually is. For starters, it is rare that she had to look after more than two people at once, and she usually does so after having considerably more sleep. Plus, this group - Team Free Will, they have decided their name is - have an incredibly strange dynamic, and she barely has time to try and figure it out between all the questions Sam keeps asking her.
, sir, are on in fifteen minutes, so you’d better get ready while I track the rest of you down.”
Dean just waves, a tired grin on his face. “Gotcha.”
Claire didn’t regret many things, but she was having second thoughts about getting tipsy and then agreeing to babysit the most powerful being in creation. In fact, she was starting to realise exactly why Sam had asked them to look after him in the first place; the kid may have done a good job reforming Heaven or whatever but he clearly still acted like an actual three year old, even if he looked like he was in his twenties.
Jack pouts as he takes his backpack from her. “Will we never see you again?”
The clothes he had brought with him suddenly seemed lifeless. The oversized flannels and ancient hoodies and stained jeans (was that blood?) were out of place, a reminder of the life he had lost. In a moment of clarity, Cas shoves them back into the borrowed duffel bag and jams it into the back of the musty wardrobe, deciding to hang up his new clothes instead. From their little shopping expedition, he had gained the grey jumper, two pairs of jeans that weren’t stained and looked like they would actually fit him, and a selection of t-shirts with slogans that made Dean laugh. He hangs each of them up with the utmost care, making sure none of them are crumpled, before gently shutting the wardrobe door and sitting on the bed. He’s staring off into space, eyes fixed on a damp spot on the ceiling, when Dean’s voice startles him.
She’s only one flight away from home, and she can’t wait.
Dean’s grin widely as he shoulders the hunter on the way out. “You gettin’ sentimental, old man?”
He stares at his reflection, and his reflection stares right back at him, unblinking.
“Oh, hi,” Kaia replies, batting Claire’s hand away. “You’re Cas, right?”
Claire didn’t say this about people often, but Kevin really was smart. For such a well behaved kid, there was nothing Jack loved more than sweets, and they really capitalised on that. Sam and Cas must not give him nearly enough sugar because as soon as the word “chocolate” was out of their mouths there were already three bars in front of them.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “What?”
going to be the one to ruin it.
“I overslept,” she states, still rubbing sleep out of her eyes.
Kevin shrugs. “Not my kid. Not my problem.”
Jack nods and Kevin watches as he bounds off into the distance before he turns and walks into the main room. It only takes a few seconds before he spots Sam -  he towers way above any other guest - and he schools his expression into one of panic.
sure about: it’s the perfect occasion to cause some problems.
“You guys good to go? I’ll pass you the outfits, and then you’ve got an hour to meet me in the foyer, okay?”
{o0o}
exactly, but more free. That Cas knows exactly who he is and remembers eating that burger or sitting with Dean under the stars.
Dean huffs as the song slowly comes to an end. “Always got to upstage me, huh?”
ahhh the semi final starts soon!!! you excited? this chapter was like twice the length of the other ones lmao this fic was not supposed to go over 10k but here we are!!! i mean not for you guys yet but... it's a-coming!
“Am I right?” he responds, not bothering to explain himself.
Cas doesn’t push the issue, and they spend the rest of the journey listening to Dean’s music, the mixtape resting against his heart.
by Ciara is the first performance. Greece’s entry varies on quality every year, but this one is actually quite good. It’s being sung by exactly the kind of person you would expect: a gorgeous, incredibly skinny woman wearing a shiny leotard with an entire troupe of shirtless dancers behind her.
“Pancakes,” Dean smiles, completely oblivious to Cas’ distress. “Claire can’t get enough of them, and I feel like I owe Kaia as many pancakes as she can eat.”
{o0o}
Dean’s eyes are so wide Paige is concerned they might pop out of his skull.
{o0o}
“But we’ll be
“I’m so, so sorry. And you don’t have to forgive me, obviously, because I was really shitty and I know that… but I did research and stuff, while you weren’t here - uh, there’s this really good website called AVEN that helped a lot - and I realised I was wrong, and… yeah. I’m sorry for saying… all that stuff.”
“Claire, I just wanted to say… I’m sorry,” Jimmy finally says.
before tossing it onto the coffee table
Dean pretends to gag when he sees the last option, tossing it onto the floor with a disgusted look.
{o0o}
Jo snorts softly. “Of course there’s a Zeppelin song.”
“It’s fine,” he grits out through clenched teeth, and it’s that moment that he realises his entire front is covered in red wine.
Eileen’s smile is as bright as a real star. “Thank you,” she says and signs simultaneously.
Dean clears his throat, and Paige snaps back to attention. “Right, uh, sorry, I need sleep. I’m Paige, nice to meet you. Uh, sorry, I did some BSL classes in high school but-”
The doors open with a loud
Cas shuffles in the plastic chair, his back starting to ache and his eyes fixed on the ground. “I’ll leave it, if you want. You did buy it. But I can leave before you’re discharged so I don’t cause any more trouble than I already have.”
“You can get ready that fast?” Eileen asks incredulously.
“It’s a chick flick!” he replies, seemingly offended Cas even has to ask. “‘Sides, it’s set at Christmas.”
{o0o}
His eyes widen in fear at her serious tone. “Uh, weird threat? But yeah, I was gonna ask that. What about that Russian chick?”
They only just have time for a third run through before they’re evicted from the stage, but luckily this one is nearly perfect. Sure, Cas gets very close to falling off the stage, but he
It takes every ounce of her concentration to shut her mouth and shout, “Behind you!” as the - the
“Well… yeah. But it’s exhausting!”
I know this is only a short chapter, but it's just supposed to be a nice epilogue!
“Come on then, let’s get our shit and get out of here then.”
Paige only has to wait around ten minutes before Sam, Eileen, and Jack appear. She’s glad to see that Sam and Eileen’s outfits match nicely (she really hopes that they are, in fact, a couple). Eileen is in a long, elegant wine red dress, with extra material and long sleeves over the top of it embroidered with stars. Sam, to stay in the same theme, is wearing a charming red suit with two silver star pins on his collar, as well as constellations as cufflinks.
“They aren’t the only ones who deserve to be happy,” Rowena mutters into his ear as the song comes to an end, and Crowley can only nod and shoot her a suspicious glare.
a cherry, because Cas wasn’t sure what flavour he would like - and Cas is tending to his plants. He enjoys tending the garden; the knowledge that it was him that coaxed these living things into growing and thriving fills him with joy. He is in the middle of watering a tansy - Dean had bought him a book on all the different plants so he knew how to care for them - when he notices that he has been out way longer than normal. Usually, Dean calls him in for dinner long before the sun starts to drop below the horizon, and it’s not like him to break the routine.
Neither of them answer, too busy being staring at each other.
Cas can’t help but feel like Claire is the strangest thing to come from his amnesia. Everyone else seemed to have a reason for how they treated him; he obviously had some shared history with Dean and Sam (not that they would tell him), but Claire was an enigma. Why would he know a teenage girl? He didn’t even know how old he was, but he certainly felt old enough to practically be her father. Not that he was, he didn’t think.
Jack’s shoulders sag slightly. “Oh.”
Paige nods and they hurry out of the door. “Diana, Odette, could you take the front of the building?”
Odette smiles. “Your French accent is excellent.”
“Uh, I think it was in some episode of this ghost hunting show? I can get it up in a minute if you want. Apparently, the architect’s wife threw herself out of the top floor. They say it’s bad luck to walk past.”
First of all, none of the Americans - especially Dean - are prepared for the kind of crowd that Eurovision attracts. It’s a bunch of screaming, cheering, probably slightly drunk Europeans wearing face paint and waving around an odd mix of country flags and pride flags.
Cas shifts in his seat, but he’s not backing down now. “Well, you have all those angel statues. And I saw you had holy water. Plus, I’m pretty sure Sam mentioned something about praying once-”
{o0o}
It is quite a drive to Tbilisi, but apparently the Americans are used to long car rides. The entire way, Dean complains about not being in his ‘Baby’, and Paige has yet to figure out whether he is being gross about his girlfriend or he’s talking about some mode of transport.
“Not until you tell me what you did to me.”
“Hey, Sam?” Paige calls, the man’s head snapping up from the ancient book he is reading. “I’m just gonna go make a phonecall. I don’t know how long I’ll be.”
“The same answer as the last twenty times ya asked,” he grumbles in reply. “Now get outta here, or you’ll miss the damn thing.”
“-But that doesn’t mean that I’m not willing to try again, if you are? And I think that maybe, if you weren’t, you wouldn’t have done all that research.”
He’s filled with an unspeakable sense of
Paige frowns -
This morning, she allows herself the luxury of a proper shower and the time to properly unpack her suitcase before she heads down to the hotel restaurant to meet the group for breakfast. She doesn’t really need them until this afternoon, but she feels like Sam is the kind of person who would get ansty unless he has every single detail about what’s happening and Cas has politely requested a tour of the arena before the semi finals tonight.
“Is that all of them?” Sam asks, scanning the room one more time to see if there is anyone who hasn’t given a speech. “Anyone else got something to say?”
angel statues, all in varying sizes and poses. Dean doesn’t bring them up, so neither does Cas.
Claire decides, so she simply takes a large swig of alcohol before turning to face the kid. “What’cha wanna do while we wait?”
“Sorry about your jacket,” Becky apologises, scratching the back of her neck.
“Small fire!” Dean shouts, appearing from around the side of the building covered in blood. “I said start a
Rolling his eyes, Dean slams the door shut again, disappearing to have another nervous breakdown or whatever else was taking the idjit so damn long.
Cas wonders, but he’s back in his seat in the hospital, the real Dean looking up at him with concern.
“Hey, girls!” Jody says, appearing out of nowhere with Donna, Patience and Alex on her heels. “Fancy a family dance?”
Sam doesn’t need to know that Kevin orchestrated the fire. But even if he did, who could blame him? No one could deny that he deserved to cause the Winchesters some problems.
Paige frowns. “Do all Americans call their husband ‘buddy’ in every sentence?”
“It’s really not your fault,” Eileen repeats, but it doesn’t seem to matter much, did it? Everyone who seemed to know him was still hurt, carrying the burden of a shared history by themselves.
“Shit, I don’t know what you want me to say!” he responds, a hint of panic in his voice.
When he eventually makes his way into the kitchen, it’s almost midday. He’s not sure what makes him do it, but when he hears voices, he stops outside the doorway, holding his breath to listen in.
To be honest, he’s surprised at the amount of time it takes for Sam to return. Ever since he arrived in the bunker, he’s never quite felt like he’s at home. It’s like a part of him had always been ready for his inevitable exit, like he had never been welcome here, as much as Eileen and Sam had tried to tell him that this was his home too.
“Why’s that?”
- but at that exact moment, two men burst into the room looking fairly dishevelled and out of breath.
He nods distractedly, turning back to his reading without any comment.
Paige smiles, trying to keep it from venturing into evil mastermind territory. Oh boy, they have no idea what they’re in for. She has some calls to make.
The shop doesn’t seem to sell any one particular style of clothes; there are racks of women’s and men’s clothes mixed together, everything from t-shirts and jeans to wedding dresses and glittery suit jackets. Cas wanders down the aisles, his fingers trailing over the fabric of the assorted shirts and jumpers. He stops, his hand hovering over a hanger, and Dean takes pity on him and grabs it, holding it up against him. It’s a grey cardigan, soft and worn, and it looks like it would fit him perfectly.
“Sorry I didn’t answer your prayers,” he responds, sounding genuinely apologetic. “I was busy rebuilding Heaven!”
Dean lets out a noise that is close to a choked sob. “I need a beer,” he announces thickly, all but running from the room. Cas watches as he disappears around the corner, other people jumping out of the way as he barrels past them.
Paige frowns. “It’s your birthday?”
“Yeah, sure, anything,” Sam agrees quickly. Clearly he was expecting some more opposition.
“I’ll come too,” Dean says, launching himself to his feet so fast that Paige is surprised he doesn’t pitch over forwards. Odette looks a little put out, but she doesn’t say anything, simply pasting on a smile and leading them both out the room together.
“One moment please,” the woman behind the desk responds, her nails clicking away at the keyboard.
“You called me,” Paige replies in the most toneless voice she can manage. “Did I leave something behind, or…?
. He doesn’t mean to. He swears he doesn’t. His finger isn’t even supposed to be on the trigger. It hadn’t even crossed his mind to actually shoot Dean.
She gathers her things together at lightning speed, refusing to look up at the table full of frowns she’ll probably be getting. She knows she’s acting weird and she’ll have to explain later, but she really needs ten minutes to get herself together or she’ll lose it in public.
“I leave you alone for two seconds,” she mutters, dragging a hand over her face. They had one job - look after the stupid fucking child God - and they had managed to fail before the ceremony had even started.
Cas gives him a soft smile in return. “I will love you for eternity, Dean Winchester.”
“What did you do to me?” Cas demands, furrowing his brows in frustration.
noise. Dean lets out a strangled yelp and Cas edges closer to the living room, not daring to peek into the room. He’s not sure what could cause a sound like that but there is no way it’s good.
“Right,” Paige nods, relief flooding through her as the car comes to a stop. Really, she would rather die than try and get herself out of an awkward conversation.
There’s an awkward silence.
It’s strange, all these small displays of affection; sometimes, Dean forgets that he can have this now. After all the years of pining for it, he often has to pinch himself to remind him that it isn’t just some long, incredibly weird dream.
“I’m so sorry we’re late,” Cas says, his hair sticking up in every direction.
Cas hesitates, his hand on the door handle - Dean sounds like he is in some kind of trouble and he probably needs help, but should he do what he asks or run in to save him? In the heat of the moment, Cas decides to do as he is told and calls Sam, fidgeting nervously on the patio as he waits for him to pick up.
, goddammit. She just wants to enjoy herself for once.
- as they drink, and Benny seems to truly care about both of them as he explains Dean’s insistence on finding Cas before they left Purgatory.
“I thought you might be a little hungover, and there’s no better cure than a good breakfast, in my opinion.” He plonks himself on the end of her bed as she starts wolfing down the beans on toast he had brought, shifting awkwardly as she shoves the food into her mouth.
They all walk down the street peacefully for a few minutes. It’s a nice day, too; Paige turns her face up to the sun as she walks, allowing her eyes to close for a few seconds. These days, she’ll take any peace she can get.
“My grace,” Cas scoffs, “You really expect me to believe this?”
“You’ve got to stop taking it out on him. It’s not his fault.”
Getting married to the love of his life, however, is proving to be a little more nerve wracking.
“Dean?” replied the familiar voice, closer this time, and all of a sudden he was standing right in front of him. Dean never stopped running, ploughing straight into the surprised angel, tears streaming down his face.
“It’s not my fault!”
“Are you alright?” Dean asks, one arm outstretched to Cas, hesitating in its movement.
Castiel.
on Saturday,” Jack pouts.
Actually, that was a lie. Two years ago, she had accidentally bumped into a random stage hand, spilling the glass of red wine she always seemed to be holding all over his outfit. He had barely gotten past the word “bitch” before he collapsed to the ground, blood leaking out of his eyes.
What grabs her attention, however, is the cake in the center. It has three layers; the bottom one iscoloured green, with little icing figures of Dean, Cas, Sam, Jack and Eileen at the bottom, next to a cute little version of Baby. The second is coloured ocean blue, and is decorated with little pictures of guns and machetes and angel blades and a smushed brown splodge which she’s pretty sure is Jack’s attempt at a trench coat. The top is the main attraction; there is a huge red handprint in the middle, surrounded by the words,
“...No?” Sam says, finally, and that only confuses Cas more.
If anyone is curious, apparently it takes roughly an entire sweet shop worth of sugar to get God to throw up. So, it’s probably lucky he’s God in the first place, or fuck knows where they would have gotten all the candy from.
As he skirts around the edge of the crowd, praying no one asks him any questions, he spots Jack one more time. They’ve created some kind of circle, Dean, Cas, Sam, Eileen, Claire, Kaia and Jack all holding hands and dancing together, wide grins on their faces.
“That sounds excellent, thank you,” Cas says, and Paige smiles and starts gathering up her things.
“Sure,” Kevin responds drily, but he gets up anyway, crisis averted.
“I’ll find something else,” Sam promises. “We’ll get you to remember something, I swear.”
The gun clatters to the ground. “Dean?”
They both stare at him, barely concealing their simmering anger. Dean storms off down the hallway, Claire sparing a single disgusted look at Cas before following him.
“We’re gonna have to go grocery shopping, unless we want to starve.”
“Never stopped us before,” Dean points out.
have to attend since the UK is one of the Big Five, but we’re going to go anyway because it gives you a chance to have a look at your competitors.”
The first one is an old vampire pirate. He’s the least drunk of the bunch, a singular whiskey glass cradled in his hands, but he wears the brightest smile. Without him, Dean Winchester would not have escaped Purgatory with his now-husband, and Benny couldn’t be happier for the pair.
“Dean!” Cas exclaims, his tiredness immediately replaced by concern. “Are you alright?”
The only downside of Kevin’s plan was that for the kid to eat enough to throw up, so did they. Claire didn’t think she had ever eaten this much in her life, chocolate or not, and she was dangerously close to following in the kid’s footsteps as he retched in the grass. It’s her punishment, she supposes, for letting him eat the stupid fucking rings in the first place.
“It’s sorted,” Paige shouts back. “You’re on next, get out of her.”
When he awakes, he finds that somehow he is now pressed up against Dean’s side, his head lolling on his shoulder. Dean is scrolling through his phone, looking at seemingly random news articles and texting his brother. He hesitates for a moment, glancing at the ‘sleeping’ man on his shoulder, thumb hovering over the screen, before he clicks on the gallery.
The truth is that there isn’t any work that she needs to be doing today, but she has been planning to do some anyway, just to keep her preoccupied. Paige can’t quite decide whether or not sitting and doing nothing will be relaxing, or a special form of torture.
It was an unusual sensation, but she almost felt bad cheating him like this. He may be the ex-boyfriend in this situation, but he seemed to really care about both Dean and Cas and he was truly happy that they had finally found peace.
She feels rather than sees the four sets of eyes looking at her in confusion. “They have no idea what I’m saying, do they?” she says to Eileen, who grins at Paige’s dramatic sigh.
“Sammy?”
“What?” Cas and Dean exclaim simultaneously.
“Thank you so much,” he grins, already walking away. “Gotta go write my speech!”
“Oh,” he responds, seeming unbothered. “I didn’t mean to.”
Eileen is hovering by the door, clearly torn between following Sam or staying with Jack.
Charlie pouts. “It’s my natural awesomeness.”
“Nope. It’s Azerbaijan’s manager. Looks like the so-called Queen of Hell was summoned by speaking her name or something,” Paige laughs.
Dean looks up in surprise, but answers, “Sure. Shoot,” anyway.
Sam and Eileen are the most straightforward of the bunch. They are clearly dating, and not afraid of showing it to anyone. They’re so cute it is almost sickening. Sam is clearly very invested in what they’ll be doing, and busts out some of the best goddamn puppy eyes Paige has ever seen when she tries to remind him that they’ll get their itinerary tomorrow. Eileen seems more quietly amused by the Americans’ reactions to Eurovision, snickering quietly to herself whenever Dean complains about a particularly strange act.
“You didn’t even make it to the end of the movie, dude,” Dean comments without looking up, his phone’s black screen gripped tightly in his hands.
“‘Scuse me? Yeah, what the fuck. Why couldn’t I just have a suit or something?”
“Uh… yeah, okay, let me grab my bag,” she decides, hoping her smile doesn’t look like a baring of teeth.
ahhh, what did you think? I thought TFW deserved to get their toes in the sand, but a lot of it ended up being more about Paige.
“Sorry, Ms H! We slept in,” Charlie beams, apparently too excited about the wedding to notice her wild bedhead.
“Hello,” she says kindly, shutting the door firmly behind her. “My name is Dr. Aros. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
{o0o}
“Oh,” Claire responds, her smile slowly draining away. “Right. Sorry, then.”
“British people are weird,” Jack says much too sincerely to Cas, which only makes Paige laugh even harder.
a voice whispers in the back of her mind, but she pushes it away to deal with later.
Eileen rolls her eyes. “You’re worse than Sam. It doesn’t leave for another three hours.”
“You good?” he asks, eyeing the way the boy is practically vibrating.
the doorway back to Lawrence the only measure of distance. “Cas? Where are you?”
Claire considers this for a second and comes to the conclusion that there is only one other person who could have them. “Jack, sweetie, where are Dean and Cas’ wedding rings?”
“I would love to,” he replies, and one more person joins their ragtag family.
“Do you mean to tell me,” Paige replies, eyebrows raised, “That my contestants are in a different country?”
French:
Cas slowly shuffles away from Dean, moving backwards along the cold floorboards until his back hits the leather sofa Dean had picked.
Paige decides to pretend that taking a 20-something-year-old to the bathroom isn't weird and moves on with her life. “Do you know how long they’ll be? I didn’t get any sleep on the plane and I could really do with a nap right about now.”
This chapter is mostly exposition (sorry) but there are plenty of exciting things and fun ghosties to come... if anyone has any more questions about how Eurovision works though, feel free to ask me!
Jody and Donna squeeze past, both clinging onto Alex and Patience respectively with smiles on their faces as they join in with the dancing.
“He’s gonna have to puke them up, isn’t he?” Kevin says, disgust lacing his tone.
He looks past her, into the darkness of the night, and bobs his head. To be honest, he hadn’t thought his plan through much more than his instinct of
“Do I know you?” he asks, before suddenly realising he doesn’t even know himself.
If you weren’t expecting chaos at the wedding, then you had never met the Winchesters.
It’s when Dean goes to fetch the pie that everything falls apart.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry.” They twirl together, and Dean has never felt more ridiculous in his life. He can almost feel every eye in the room on him, and he absolutely hates it.
“I’m okay,” Paige says, hoping her mascara isn’t running down her face. “These are happy tears, I think.”
The French entrant isn’t listening. “And who might you be?” she says smoothly, offering her hand to Cas. Now that Paige thinks about it, she realises it’s possible that this woman hasn’t looked away from Cas the entire time they were there.
Cas feels like mentioning the fact that he isn’t going anywhere, but he decides against it. Just in time too, as the doorbell rings only a few moments later.
She shoots a despairing look back at Jo, who just shrugs.
Of course, if she ever got married - and wasn’t that a thought - she wouldn’t have wood looking rings. She’d have something classy, she decides. Nothing flashy - she would know how much she loved the other person, and she didn’t need to wave it in people’s faces for validation - and the life she led meant that it also probably wouldn’t be expensive.
“I don’t have a whole speech,” Mary says, quickly standing up, “but I just want to say that I’m proud of you boys, and I’m glad you found happiness in one another.” She sits down abruptly, seeming mildly embarrassed, but Dean smiles softly.
“Woah,” Dean says finally, “Didn’t know you guys threw such good parties.”
Jo looks up from the drink she is nursing to find Charlie smiling down at her, ethereal in the low lighting and somehow sparkling. “Are you covered in glitter?”
Jack looks up at her innocently, the swing coming to a stop. “I ate them.”
“Jack,” Dean begs, and Cas latches onto his words even as Dean’s voice seems to grow farther and farther away. “I don’t know if you can hear this because you haven’t been answering, and I know you said hands off, but I really need your help, kiddo.”
on ensuring that it would go off when she pressed the right button on her laptop, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t a chance (a significantly large chance, actually) that it wouldn’t go off in her arms and coat the whole Roadhouse in glitter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Crowley,” he responds tersely.
“Sure.”
They lock eyes for a minute, the tension in the room unbearable. The only sound other than their rapid breathing is the ticking of the grandfather clock Cas had begged Dean to buy. It reminded him of a bomb, each second a countdown to the inevitable explosion. This situation only had two outcomes; Cas got the truth, or Cas shot Dean.
Charlie had been in charge of the music, which means Dean is half expecting the Imperial March as he walks down the aisle and is surprised when, instead, the first few notes of Can’t Fight This Feeling play. When he turns to her in disbelief, she simply waggles her eyebrows at him and gives him a gentle shove through the doors. (It also strikes him that she has quite a lot of glitter in her hair, but he decides now isn’t the best time to ask.)
“Yes,” Charlie quickly interrupts, jumping in to save Kaia. “I’ve never met her, but apparently she’s one hell of a badass.”
TRANSLATIONS:
He doesn’t even bother packing a bag, he just throws on one of his t-shirts - ‘
“That’s a strange name,” he says, although he’s not entirely sure what he’s basing that opinion on.
Alex and Jo share a panicked look. “Yeah, just one sec!” Alex replies, waving her hands at Jo desperately and shoving the full dustpan under the kitchen counter. “Hi?” she asks, only slightly out of breath, opening the door just a crack.
(Also, I didn't proofread this in the slightest and it is like midnight, so if you see any errors please tell me!!)
There is an awkward silence for a moment as the man rakes his eyes over his hospital bed, fiddling with his hands. “Nothing’s ever easy, huh?” he mutters, plopping down into the chair next to his bed.
“Do you really believe in ghosts, kozyol?” Diana suddenly pipes up from the corner she has been sitting in, raising an perfect eyebrow.
Dean wiggles his eyebrows dramatically and Sam slaps him on the arm.
He waits the length of ten long blinks. “Uh, I’m not sure.”
Dean blushes and his eyes dart to the floor. “Sam and I couldn’t agree on how to spell it,” he mumbles.
“What. Did. You. Do. To. Me,” Cas repeats, jabbing the gun in Dean’s direction to punctuate each word.
“Hey, uh… fancy a dance?”
“Yes?” she frowns, and then she recognises the accents. “Oh, are you my UK act?”
“If it makes you feel better, it’s more likely that they’re in Hell than Israel.”
Cas leans down until their faces are only inches apart. “Then I think it’s time for retirement, my love.”
Sam laughs, starting to walk away as Dean blushes. “He even worked it into his vows!”
When he found himself perched on a pristine folding chair in between the demon Meg and the angel Balthazar, however, an idea popped into his head.
{o0o}
No, not alone; Eileen’s here with him, watching the stars by his side. She doesn’t look at him, doesn’t even acknowledge his presence, but she speaks anyway. “I get the feeling of wanting to escape,” she begins, not looking at him for a response. “I used to want to run away all the time. But no one can run forever.”
Becky stares at him, hesitating mid-wipe. “Woah.”
how is everyone doing! I'm going to post the next chapter on wednesday (which I just realised is tomorrow) because you all deserve it for being so patient with me and it was one of the very first things I wrote for this fic. (Be warned though, it is very short!)
Ian laughs. “I wouldn’t dare.”
