“Willa stop, you need to stop.” John said loudly and tried to step forward. Her foot caught his rib and she continued nonetheless. He stepped back in pain, it was then he understood what she was saying.
Sherlock nodded. “Hmm, yes. Not my favorite but I think you’ll appreciate it. Also it’s close enough to home to keep you from worrying so much.”
Sherlock was about to turn back to scanning the paper for anything of interest when he thought of something. “Willa?”
“I’m Doctor Trayford.” The man said eyeing the funduscope John still held in his hand. “And you are?”
She’d found John at his conference in Wales. He’d been less than thrilled to see her, but not surprised.
Molly had to sit but there were no chairs in the hall so she settled for leaning against the wall, hand still up to her mouth. She closed her eyes trying to bring up images of Willa the last time she’d seen her, giggling as she’d told Molly that she’d asked Sherlock to be her Papa and just as quickly as she’d said it begging to hold Teddy even though he’d nearly outgrown her lap. She needed these images in her mind, not the ones that her years of seeing terrible things allowed her mind to conjure up at Mycroft’s words.
John kissed him fiercely. Biting and licking his way into Sherlock’s mouth, fingers still wound in his hair.
Greg nearly tried to stop them, only having seen two people racing up the stairs not even five minutes after they’d tried to leave. Once he saw who it was though he threw up his hands. John wasn’t sure but he might have been following them, the echo of footsteps seemed louder after they passed. He didn’t care to turn and look.
As soon as the wound was clean Sherlock manhandled him around the shattered cup and into his chair. He disappeared and then reappeared a moment later with John’s medical kit in hand. When John reached for it, Sherlock batted his hand away gently. “Let me,” Sherlock insisted.
Both men were probably going to need to be drugged in order to get them any kind of restful sleep. While that wasn’t something Mycroft necessarily wanted to do, it wasn’t something he was above. While Gregory distracted himself cleaning up Mycroft quickly sent someone out on an errand to get sedatives that he could easily slip into a drink. That was another one of those grey areas where he wasn’t entirely sure Gregory would be happy with him.
John smiled to himself as he finally shut his laptop and turned to look at the hotel bed. It wasn’t really that early and he had to manage his way through the trainings tomorrow.
None of their stomach contents were even the same, though that didn’t surprise Sherlock. Whatever they had ingested the poison in it would have been long gone. Thallium had about a three-day window of effect, most of them would have thought they were coming down with the flu and then died suddenly.
John was seated by Sherlock’s side with his leg pressed against Sherlock’s far more than necessary. John only appeared relaxed, though. Little warring emotions were written all over his features and he was incessantly worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.  He was nervous about whatever they were doing and he wasn’t giving Sherlock any information about what it was.
They found everyone in the hallway just outside the morgue. Molly and Lestrade were slumped together, seated on the floor and Mycroft was leaning against the wall. No one spoke as they walked in, Sherlock and the shell that was once John following.
Now John was in Wales and Sherlock was truly on his own to do this. He had to do it right or else John’s anxiety would never allow him to leave Willa again. That wasn’t a viable option.
They weren’t religious. John could go along with things like Father Christmas and the tooth fairy because they made the world seem more magical and good but shamming religious was a whole other level. So they celebrated a secular Christmas.
John’s mouth finally shut but then his lips pursed together. He studied Sherlock for a moment before nodding. “Alright.”
She bobbed her head violently. “It was Hannah Miller’s birthday today. We got cupcakes!” Suddenly she whirled around to look at John. “For my birthday can I bring in cupcakes?”
“I’ve told the police. Belle came over Saturday and when I left she was asleep in our bed.” Greer protested, he sounded exhausted.
So if drama and angst aren't you're cup of tea hop off the train here. I'm sure I'll be posting more fluff in the future.
“This is my house, Sherlock, my husband happens to reside here as well. Besides you are not guiltless.” He said and looked pointedly down at Sherlock’s leg.
John’s old room had been converted into a nursery with antique looking furniture that John was afraid to know the price of. There was a baby pink crown that had been painted over the lilac walls just above the crib and it amused John to no end. Mycroft had recently taken to calling Willa ‘Reinette’ so clearly the decoration had been done at his order.
John understood instantly. “Right, stupid question.” Suddenly he giggled. “I seem to be saying that a lot today.”
He was finding it remarkably hard to keep his hands to himself. They’d always communicated on the rather physical side in the past but smothering your best friend in a hug every two minutes was probably not okay.
John felt compelled to reassure Sherlock that it wasn’t leaving him with Willa that he was having difficulty with. Sherlock appeared to understand.
They had been home a week and John was standing at the sink washing one of a hundred tiny bottle parts, Mary hadn’t wanted to breast feed ‘I carried her for 37 weeks, time someone else takes care of her’, when a black SUV crawled slowly by the window.  John sighed and shut off the tap.
When he got back John and Willa looked at him in a way that said they’d just been talking about him.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. It was hardly earthshattering when a family member insisted the innocence of a loved one.
Willa chewed on her bottom lip. “Because daddy likes tea and Aunt Molly said made gifts can be more special than ones from the store.”
Isabelle Durant was hanging limply from what appeared to be a rotating clothing rack, a red scarf tangled in the mechanism.
Both John and Willa were dressed nicely. John had put on a maroon cardigan, that looked nearly identical to one he’d owned years ago, over a white shirt with black trousers. Sherlock didn’t really want to make an effort to dress nicely for Mycroft’s dinner but he had a feeling Willa and John would both have something to say about it if he didn’t.
Sherlock began thrusting back to meet him in earnest. He was seeing stars and was so hard he could barely see straight but John was still muttering filthy things to him and pounding into him relentlessly.
“You’ve asked us to alert you to anything suspicious, sir,” Meyer told him sounding nearly as annoyed. “We’ve gotten a call from the fire brigade about a suspicious fire they put out in Peckham this morning.”
Mycroft shook his head and sat up, attempting to smooth out his clothes. “No,” he said eventually, “I think it might have been the food.”
“So what do you think?” She asked and tipped her head towards her husband. “It is the first time you’ve met him and all.”
Teddy was about as heavy as Willa had been at a month old but he was still so light. John carefully cradled the still sleeping boy into his elbow and wiggled the blanket down to get a good look at him. He had full cheeks and bright pink lips that were pursed and moving slightly as he sucked at an imaginary bottle in his sleep.
Sherlock took that to mean John wanted her to have some. Willa accepted it passively and then promptly fell asleep.
“I miss you.” Sherlock said as soon as John connected to the call, before he’d even had a chance to say hello. His voice was rushed and quiet, like he wasn’t sure he really wanted to be saying it.
“Except that they’re all dead of Thallium poisoning.” Sherlock reminded him already flipping through the file.
Silence prevailed for another minute before Mycroft chose to speak. “I did everything I could at the time to give him a chance.” Both men winced thinking of the failed return of Moriarty plot. “Believe it or not, John, this was his best chance for survival. But I made a promise to my brother before he left.”
Sherlock just felt insulted. “Oh do give me credit John, I am the world’s only consulting detective after all.”
“Not now, John,” Sherlock said absently as he looked up and down the alley deciding which direction to go.
Sherlock watched, hand moving faster and with more determination. Just as John’s body began to relax Sherlock came, everything inside his head going silent and still.
He was not looking forward to that. As long as they had Wolanski there was a chance they would be able to learn something that would lead them to her. Now that he was dead their only lead in six years went with him. John would probably be furious.
“But,” John said and immediately cursed at himself as he watched Sherlock deflate from that one syllable. “She still needs to learn how to self-soothe
Sherlock wondered how often Mary had ignored Willa’s cues for attention before the infant had learned she wasn’t interested. It broke his heart because Willa thrived under positive attention.
Lestrade shook his head. “Not the problem actually. We’ve got a new superintendent and I’m not sure how he’ll react.”
“Yes, but that’s too easy to guess at. What’s another?” Sherlock asked as he filled the last liner in this batch.
“I mean we could stand here and argue all night or we can share the bed. It’s big enough.” Sherlock said desperately trying to sound casual.
“Ah yes, and how is that going for you?” Mycroft’s voice was utterly irritating Sherlock at this moment.
Molly’s eyes followed him around the kitchen. Sherlock noted that she wasn’t watching him the same way she used to, like a love-sick puppy. Now she just looked genuinely concerned. “It’s really good to see you, Sherlock. I was so happy when John said you were back.”
He’d had to leave it behind when he went into exile. He’d thought occasionally about buying a new one but it seemed an impractical expense and there was more than one occasion where he’d been forced to leave everything behind.
“But did you spend six hours arranging the clothes?” Molly asked. She was smiling fondly so Aaron hadn’t managed to annoy her too much.
“I can tell you if she’s been drinking, John,” Sherlock said eventually, “but there was no way I could know what she was doing, I don’t even think she realized what she was doing.”
The camera bounced around a bit, showing John a very lovely view of the ceiling, until coming to rest on both Sherlock and Willa sitting on her bed. The laptop was obviously on Sherlock’s lap because he had one arm around Willa and the other hand holding the book.
to know. You were getting texts, obviously from a female, at all hours of the day and night that you were deleting.” Sherlock shouted at him. It was only after he’d said it that he realized that was the true reason he hadn’t confronted John. He’d never really been able to convince himself John wasn’t being unfaithful.
Lestrade took this as a sign to carefully approach them. Sherlock wanted to protest as John stood straighter and pulled away from him, he’d been unaware that comforting John had been a comfort to himself, but he kept quiet. He compromised by following John, one arm still around him.
When they settled into Willa’s bed, her wet hair soaking through the sleeve of his shirt, Sherlock made sure to keep the camera focused on them and the wall. Willa wanted the clean flat to be a surprise for John.
“Bloody hell your nose is cold. What were you doing? Holding ice to it?” John exclaimed and Willa giggled.
Twenty minutes later as John contemplated another cup of tea a black car slowed to a stop in front of them. It was only because he recognized the driver as one of Mycroft’s that he didn’t immediately scoop Willa up and run inside with her.
“Good, help me put this around his neck.” Sherlock said brandishing a blue collar with a bell out to John.
“Yeah but he’s back now and it’s rightfully his.” John said and gestured towards Sherlock. Sherlock was confused for a moment before realizing the money John was talking about was part of his trust fund.
Sherlock peered over John’s shoulder when he got them tickets to Brighton but John offered no explanation. He merely handed over Rosie so he could dig his wallet out from his pocket.
John sighed heavily and laid back in bed. Once he realized Sherlock wasn’t going away he cracked an eye open. “Yes, and I got one.”
Sherlock’s eyes slid closed when he heard the lube bottle click open and he let himself fall back. When John’s slick finger pressed against his holes Sherlock tensed despite his best efforts not to. It had been a long time since Sherlock had allowed anyone to top even though he preferred it. There was a level trust he needed to have in the other person to submit to them like this and he was rarely anywhere long enough to build it.
Mycroft because quickly scanning through the actual copies of the texts, the messages even more damning.
She went to work with John the next morning. He and a nurse x-rayed her arm, he heaved out a sigh of relief when he saw there was no further damage done. She picked blue this time.
Despite the fact that most of his brain was being used to keep himself from thrusting up in Sherlock’s hand John caught on. “Oh god yes.”
Sherlock nodded in understanding, he’d felt the same way. John might nearly have damaged property but the one time Sherlock had truly stopped to think about how much he missed John he’d ended up on a four month drugs binge. For him it really had been better to lock away the most important part of his life.
Sherlock had managed to listen to her cry for an impressive two minutes, but then Rosie pulled out the dirtiest of tricks. “Lah-lah” she’d hiccoughed out between wails. The noise that had ripped from Sherlock’s throat startled John enough he didn’t even try to stand in between the detective and the stairwell.
Her heart rate was through the roof and she had moved from sobbing to proper hyperventilation. “Willa I need you to breathe.” John said and cupped her face in his hands. “Can you do that for me?”
“I knew he was married, the imbecile only took off the ring right before we met, but I was not aware of this.” Sherlock gestured to the photo.
From the kitchen he could hear muffled chatting downstairs and then his phone went off. John pulled it from his pocket.
the man did something and just for a split second Sherlock saw something that may help them. As he passed Willa into Janine he was careful with her, cradling her head and gently sliding her legs in before climbing in himself. Sherlock replayed the video again to ensure he’d seen what he thought he had.
That was about the time John realized Sherlock was upset. He’d thought he might be after the way he left but for Sherlock to willingly spend time near his brother meant something was really bothering him and it had to do with John.
Sherlock turned and dropped into his chair just watching John who stood there, hands in his pockets, looking at the photo. He seemed unsure of himself now that they were left alone without Willa acting as a buffer.
“Good. Now you should go home and rest since you’ve apparently been spending your nights haunting the streets.” John’s tone was playful, he really didn’t mind that Sherlock was spending his nights that way.
She’d been standing on the sidelines watching John and Sherlock’s relationship since the beginning of it. She’d always known Sherlock Holmes was dangerous but her little brother, who seemed to be able to overlook everyone’s faults but hers if course, was blind to it. He’d allowed Sherlock to take up his whole life over a decade ago and she’d known it wasn’t good then.
She was small. Granted Sherlock didn’t have a great reference of what was considered normal for a nearly six-year-old child, he’d never needed to know, but she seemed smaller than most children he’d seen.
He then held out a violin case towards him. Sherlock took it quickly and realized while the case was brand new the instrument inside wasn’t.
Sherlock set down his tea and contemplated how to answer the question without stepping over one of the boundaries John had set up around her. “He’s not mad at you.” He told her to start.
It was a low blow from the way Mycroft’s mouth pinched minutely. “Paid? To keep a flat empty? Hardly a good allocation of funds. Besides John asked and I couldn’t exactly say no.”
“Thank you for that. It’s the only home she knows. But I’m serious we’ll find a way to make it work if it’s what you want. But obviously this doesn’t need to be decided tonight so uh, goodnight again.” This time he actually turned and went into the bedroom.
She was raring to go and have a good yell (finally release some of the stress she’d been holding all day) right up until the very second she saw him standing in the hall outside the morgue.
Sherlock brought the rod against Hadeon’s skull so viciously there would no doubt be a skull fracture; the man fell limp in his restraints. Only then did Sherlock turn and drop the weapon.
They sat in near silence for the next three excruciating hours until the sounds of Willa stirring upstairs drew his attention. John was going to strangle Sherlock the next time he saw him.
Willa nodded and then swallowed down a worryingly large bite of egg. “Daddy says we even went when I was a baby.”
“What are you watching?” He asked lifting her out of the chair so he could sit. She then settled back into his lap.
Despite the cold Willa wanted to walk along the Thames. Sherlock held her hand as they walked and she told him about her week and of course recounted meeting Teddy. With any other human Sherlock would have be bored to tears but he enjoyed listening to Willa talk. He was about to take her to the mall to teach her how to make basic observations when his phone vibrated.
John leaned into the hug. “I thought something had seriously happened. I felt like I couldn’t breathe.”
“Do you agree?” Sherlock asked Willa as he eyed his brother over her shoulder. Mycroft was smirking behind a cup of tea.
The Paraquat murders are a real and still unsolved mystery from April-November 1985 in Fukuyama, Hiroshima. Around 10 people died, 35 more became violently ill.
He took a step back and pressed a finger to Sherlock’s lips to silence any incoming protests about the cabbie and the pills. It was a never-ending argument. “It’s not exactly the same but Willa
“What’s that smell?” Aaron asked as he finally stumbled into the living room, he’d showered and changed.
Sherlock stopped and he looked over at the two of them and then out at the girls. “Hmm I think I’ll go help Willa.”
Harry had contemplated sneaking away from the hospital, leaving London, so that by the time John realized she'd had a hand in all this she'd be out of the country. All fanciful thoughts because she knew though that there wasn't anywhere in the world they wouldn't come looking for her.
Dinner was never a disappointment. The spread laid out in the dining room seemed much more fitting to a party of twenty and not the eight they had. The food looked and smelled delicious, there was a little of everything and even Sherlock would have a hard time pretending to hate it all. They would certainly be going home with leftovers.
After he went John crept up the stairs quietly to Willa’s room. She was lying in the middle of her bed on her stomach clutching one of her dolls to her chest. He ended up having to shift her towards the wall and climb in on the edge. She slept heavily and didn’t notice the disturbance. He might have been a shorter man but the fit was still tight.
Sherlock was about to settle back down to sleep when a finger firmly poked his arm. He opened his eyes to find John looking at him.
“John, why didn’t you tell me you had a son?” Sherlock repeated, stating the facts clearly as he crossed to his own chair.
Willa was sorting out the presents into four separate piles, one of which remained under the tree. Once she’d gone through everything she stood up and grabbed a gift from each of the smaller piles and carried them over to them. She placed one in John’s lap and the other she handed to Sherlock.
Greg grinned at him, Anthea didn’t bother looking up from her mobile, and Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Just for today, it would have been… uncomfortable in a normal car.”
John read them two chapters and Willa begged for a third until he pointed out she was meant to be asleep already. He had relaxed part of the way through the first chapter and had remembered to remove his coat by the second.
Sherlock sank back in his chair and smirked triumphantly at John who returned it with a genuine smile and a small head shake.
Sherlock wanted to argue but he found no fault in Mycroft’s logic. He did trust his brother but it would never be as simple and pure as John’s trust, that stage of their relationship had died when they were children. Sherlock fought Mycroft over every ounce of help he tried to give, tried to ignore every bit of advice he gave. It was the nature of their relationship now.
Sherlock was summarily, unimpressed with the crime scene in Peckham. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting when they arrived, but he’d known what he’d hoped for. A single tiny piece of evidence to point him in the right direction. As of right now, he didn’t know whether the fire was even connected to Willa’s disappearance. Should he include the entire scene as evidence or discount it as some other crime that had occurred last night.
It was when Sherlock’s hand slipped further up his thigh, thumb dragging along the seam of his jeans that John pulled away again. “Maybe not here.”
Molly was shocked when she saw the time. “John really, why did you let us sleep this long.” She protested and shoved her husband’s leg to wake him.
Sherlock had disappeared already and John shoved his phone into the woman by the door’s hand. “Call an ambulance.” He instructed.
Sherlock’s smirk dropped and he reached out to grab John’s hand, no doubt to assure him that Willa would proudly tell Harry off about it, but a woman shrieking from the back of the building interrupted.
“Parenting. You’re good at being a parent.” John explained. Sherlock’s face only turned more confused. “You do realize you’ve been Willa’s second parent basically since you came back, right?”
The children were with Deborah, Mycroft had managed to rearrange the state of affairs in the world so that there were no imminent disasters that needed attention, and for now no one had managed to get themselves murdered in Gregory’s jurisdiction so they were enjoying a quiet night in together. In a few minutes Gregory would bore with his random scrolling through Facebook and turn his attention to Mycroft. With any luck in about twenty minutes Roger Ackroyd’s murder would be forgotten in favor of snogging on the sofa like teenagers.
“Fine, you’re being an arse to your daughter and currently to me. Give me the butter and go shower until the medicine kicks in.” Sherlock said and reached over to take the butter from him without waiting.
Molly made a happy noise and looked visibly relieved as if she’d honestly expected Sherlock to tell her the slightly podgy accountant was secretly a murder. Then again it wouldn’t be the first time he’d told her something similar.
Sherlock had thought John was being sarcastic at first when he said they hadn’t seen the best part yet. He’d assumed she would go tearing into the room and pounce on the pile of presents he’d locked in the night before with the same fervor she’d used in waking him up. She didn’t though.
But John had never been hard during any of Sherlock’s opportunities to observe him. He found he wanted to know every last detail of John’s cock, especially how it felt inside of him and the weight of it on his tongue. Sherlock warred with which he wanted to experience first.
didn’t sleep through the night. She was capable of it of course, but she saw no need because as soon as she cried her
He found Sherlock on the sidewalk spinning in circles looking on the edge of a panic attack, just like the one John could feel building in his own chest. Every heart beat was painful and he wasn’t allowing himself to listen to the part of his brain that kept screaming out for his daughter. If he did, if he succumbed to that blind panic, he wouldn’t be useful anymore. They’d no doubt have to sedate him and he’d end up in an ambulance.
“Just ask me then.” Sherlock insisted. “When have you ever known me to keep quiet when I think someone is using me?”
Harry waited in the quiet of the room she’d been placed in at the hospital. The doctors had come and gone, checking her head and then ordering stitches. It had only taken two to close the wound on the top of her head. Then they had left her, without word as to whether she would be discharged soon.
After they’d finished eating an ice cream sundae the size of Willa’s head appeared before John could protest. John tossed a spoon at Sherlock an informed him he’d be helping them eat it since there was no way he was letting Willa go at it alone.
John only lingered a little longer than usual the next morning and before he knew it Sherlock found himself alone with Willa.
Despite what Mycroft and Irene had thought, Sherlock was no virgin. Yes, he was inexperience and unsure when it came to actual proper relationships and how to navigate them but physically he wasn’t. He’d given in and had to test out all the hype in university and of course there were more than a few nights where he made questionable choices while high. Mostly he learned that if a person did not stimulate him mentally they had a much more difficult time doing so sexually.
“You don’t have to go this year. Mycroft didn’t realize, he wasn’t thinking.” John said quickly as if he were afraid Sherlock would bolt again.
Sherlock leaned over and kissed John because there was nothing else to say, because he was grateful that eleven years ago John had risked his freedom by shooting a man for someone he barely knew, and because he was happy he’d gotten to return to him.
John’s fingernails bit into his palms with the effort to restrain himself from threading them through Sherlock’s hair.
When he and Willa leave on the day it finished he was nearly at her school when he realized why the morning had seemed so odd. He hadn’t had bumped into a single worker on his way out.
For nearly six years it had just been John and Willa. Sure they had a fantastic family who frequently dropped everything for them but for day to day it was just them. He could vividly remember the day she said her first word or the first time she’d read him a book without help. He’d never known watching someone grow could be this painful.
“Make sure they do a thorough job.” Sherlock said before standing and walking towards the door. Once he realized John was not following he looked over his shoulder. “Let’s go, John.”
They were all varying genders, weights, ethnicities, ages, religions, and sexual orientations. There was a vegan and the old man from the assisted living facility lived off of soften foods.
Sherlock nodded and turned his head so he could press a kiss to John’s palm. “I’ll find her.” He promised because that was one thing he was sure of, he would find Willa.
Molly looked shocked. “H-how… never mind. But really this is for us?” She stuttered deciding it was best not to know
On the way home he stopped at the shops and picked up another jug of milk. Wandering over to the bakery he spotted a cookie cake. He found a chocolate chip one for Sherlock.
“I want your help when you have some to give,” he bit out in a terribly measured voice, “but right now you have none to give and are doing nothing but making me very, very annoyed.”
Sherlock wanted to interrupt, to tell John that he didn’t owe anything to him but he knew if he did John might not give him the whole story. That was what Sherlock needed most at this point.
boots were heavy on the stairs again, this time because he was running. "Let's go," he said as he brushed by them to the door, not even stopping.
Willa suffered well through John clinging a bit too tightly as they walked up to the school. It was only outside her classroom that John notice even Anthea had followed them in. Greg gave her a simple hug and wished her good luck while Mycroft rested a hand on her shoulder and reminded her to be good. Anthea actually knelt down to Willa’s level, pulled her into a hug and whispered something in her ear. Willa grinned and nodded.
Sherlock cast a glance over at John who suddenly found the arm of the sofa interesting, then he nodded. Willa beamed.
John managed to leave early, concerned when Sherlock hadn’t answered his text asking for an update. A quick check of the camera in Willa’s room told him if she was laying down it wasn’t up there. He tried to tell himself that he wasn’t worried, if anything bad had happened someone would have called him. Mycroft certainly would have known.
A touch of pink crept up on Sherlock’s cheeks. “Your daughter insisted she was dying of starvation.”
Sherlock looked up at Willa who was watching him carefully. Despite the fact that her face remained impassive he could see the anxiety of whether he liked the gift or not written in her eyes. He smiled at her.
“It’s hers then,” Greg asked again because John’s voice was failing him. The detective was most likely unaware of the significance Willa’s slightly unruly main had for her and Sherlock.
John took the opportunity to grab Sherlock’s arm and lead him to the doorway. He paused and glanced back at Willa’s mess with a sigh. “You go on up I’ve got to clean this up.”
“There’s a good girl.” She cooed and pet Willa’s hair. Willa wanted to pull away, she didn’t like it when strangers touched her.
Sherlock managed to get his jeans undone and pushed them down along with his pants. John released him to step back and kick them off.
Willa slept in their room that night, curled between John and Sherlock. She insisted on touching them both all night long. Sherlock had tried to slide out of bed at eleven but even in her sleep Willa’s breathing sped up to the point Sherlock nearly threw himself back on the bed.
He lifted Willa up and she squeaked in delight and wrapped her arms around his neck, fingers burrowing beneath his scarf. He cupped a hand behind her head and urged her to burry her head down as well.
Harry hadn’t necessarily wanted children of her own, she knew that her maternal skills were lacking, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t madly in love with Willa. Clara had wanted children badly and sometimes it was enough to convince Harry she felt the same. Those were the months that she’d give up drinking and tried so hard to remain sober. Obviously staying sober wasn’t something she excelled at and after some time Clara gave up, not just on children but on their entire relationship. It was why Harry cheated, not that she’d ever try to justify it to anyone that way, but the thrill of being wanted was enough to tempt her.
John took a deep breath. “Sherlock noticed someone at the park this morning but he knew he’d been made. He, or someone else, must have come back tonight and Sherlock was awake. He took my gun.”
John’s only issue and the reason he’d been so tense when Sherlock came to bed was that he was worried about his own reactions. He’d been so tactile with Sherlock lately, to the point they both didn’t notice anymore, he worried if he’d be the one in Sherlock’s space. He didn’t want to make the other man uncomfortable.
Willa was overjoyed at the prospect and drug Sherlock up the stairs by his hand. John lingered by the bottom of the steps just long enough to hear her begin explaining her nighttime routine. He turned and went down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. She was in her dressing gown but it looked like John had caught her before the herbal soothers.
Willa was miserable even when fed and changed. Her cry was whiny and she clawed at her face with her hands leaving John to put socks over them so she didn’t cause any more scratches. By nine thirty in the morning John was very quickly approaching his wits end and had to do something. There was one sure method to lull his overtired daughter to sleep and it was also John’s preferred method of calming down. He’d only gotten three blocks from home when he was cut off by the ever-bored looking Anthea leaning against a car.
Willa cleared her throat and Sherlock schooled his startled reaction. She was standing in front of him holding out two toys.
Sherlock walked back over to the bed and took a deep breath. He put one knee up onto the side of the bed, the other leg still planted on the floor and then opened the bottle. After pouring some onto his fingers he tossed it up onto the bed near John’s hip.
“Her father I think, who knows.” Sherlock said and threw his hands up. “It’s not entirely dull though.”
On Friday night, as John grabbed his coat right after dinner, Sherlock looked up at him. “Is everything alright?”
The third jug of petrol was emptied all over the floor, some of it splashed onto the walls, of the room. Once it was finished, only then did Janine half pull Willa down the stairs. They only stopped right before a door, Willa could hear the sounds of a street on the other side. Janine let go of her hand for a second and leaned down so she was looking right into Willa's eyes.
“Of course there were!” Erik protested. “He’s diabetic. He’s got more track marks than a bloody junky and he’s only six!”
John helped Mrs. Hudson out first before sticking his head back in. His face went soft when he saw Willa asleep. Sherlock quickly handed him the violin case to ward off any attempts by John to carry her out of the car, he wouldn’t be able to do so without waking her.
John looked to Mycroft with a pleading face but Mycroft didn’t help. “Fine.” John exclaimed loudly as he turned towards Sherlock finally. “Sherlock what are you planning to do about the money situation?”
Drawing it out would make it seem like a bigger deal than it was, also he didn’t’ want Sherlock to think he was ashamed of him. John was honestly just being selfish. For the most part he liked that they were the only ones to know. He didn’t want to have to put up with Mrs. Hudson’s knowing comments and Mycroft’s smug face when they found out. Though he imagines Sherlock will find the latter harder to deal with.
John chuckled. “You did. In fact you cried so much I wanted to put you back but I was sadly informed I couldn’t.”
Sherlock wandered into the room to find John sitting behind his laptop looking extremely unhappy at whatever was on the screen.
As he pressed the third finger inside he dropped his chin to his chest, finally breaking the eye contact. “John.” He moaned.
The physical aspect of playing was nothing more than muscle memory. He played the song perfectly but to his own ear it lacked emotion. It wasn’t until three songs in, people giving suggestions as soon as he stopped playing, that he began to feel the music the way he used to. The look of admiration on John’s face as he played helped immensely.
The photographs documented her growth from a short brunette child with glasses to the surgically augmented, bottle blond, twenty-three year old of today. She’d gone from long tasteful gowns, obviously chosen by her father, to bodycon dresses in her teens. By eighteen she’d adapted what she was trying to turn into her signature look, a ridiculously long red silk scarf that trailed on the ground behind her in all of the photographs.
“How much?” Mycroft asked as he finally rose and made his way over to his desk, before he grabbed a coffee he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to his husband’s lips, not caring about the sauce he’d just, no doubt, gotten on himself.
“Yes. She’s doing well.” The head teacher told him but her voice was just off enough that he wasn’t put at ease.
But exhaustion won out and as Mycroft lowered himself onto the sofa he hoped that when he woke there would be some kind of good news waiting for him.
Willa squealed, jumped up and came around to him in order to climb into his lap. “Really?” She asked.
“Alright, John,” Greg said as he reappeared in the room. He now had on gloves and was carrying an evidence bag, a few more police had followed him up the stairs. No doubt forensics ready to go over the place since it had been determined that it was somewhere Willa had been. They were all dutifully waiting behind him.
“My little girl’s out in the waiting room.” John said and pulled a couple notes from his pocket. “Why don’t you two go get a snack?”
Her eyelashes were light in color, matching her hair, but they were long and thick fluttering against her cheek. He’d noticed the light freckles on her cheek before but took stock of them again, they’d faded just a bit more since he’d come back to London with the effects of British winters. He wondered if she’d gotten the freckles on holiday, a day out in the sun where they were having so much fun John forgot to be compulsive about the sunscreen. She had mentioned once that John took her to the beach one year.
“I don’t know!” He shouted, “I don’t, bloody, know.” There was another hit to the roof of the car and Mycroft jumped.
Sherlock told a few of his less traumatic experiences abroad. He was surprised to learn after one of his own stories that John had helped out with a few police cases three years ago. Apparently Lestrade had been at the end of his rope with the media and one of the cases, Mycroft was abroad on business, so he’d turned to John. They’d solved it in two weeks and John helped a few more times. He made a note to look for them in the paper.
“He’s been in London seven years seemingly living a different life.” Mycroft admitted watching the interrogation.
No answer came by the time the cab pulled up to Baker Street, John had been compulsively checking his phone during the entire ride. He paid the cabbie and stood on the sidewalk, looking up at the building before him.
John showed Molly where he’d hidden the sparkling cider and kissed Willa once more before they left.
He quickly handed out the coffee to everyone, holding John’s in front of his face until he finally took it, before walking back to Mycroft. Sherlock watched as he pulled the bag from between his teeth and then produced a cookie, which he shoved in Mycroft’s hand without even asking. Any other time Sherlock would have had hundreds of rude things to say but this time he was quiet.
Willa did as she was told, taking care to make sure the bundle stayed rolled up so no one would notice anything missing. She also took a quick moment to kick around her hair so they wouldn’t see that she’d taken some.
At first Sherlock had thought he was imagining things, imagining hearing John’s phone vibrate in the middle of the night, because John wasn’t restricting his access to the phone. He never snapped or snarled when Sherlock used it instead of crossing the room for his own. Then Sherlock had most certainly heard a text alert and when he went to investigate only twenty minutes later no text was to be found. John was deleting them. So he did what any perfectly paranoid partner would do, he stayed up for three nights in a row waiting for another text to come in.
“You plan to start consulting again don’t you?” Mycroft asked turning to look at Sherlock this time.
Did you know the newest version of word really does yell at you for "not using concise language" ? I get yelled at a lot.
There was a third kind of dream. One where John would walk out of his bedroom to find Sherlock sitting in his chair, hands beneath his chin, and he would just look up and complain about the lack of cases as if nothing had ever happened. These were the dreams that concerned him the most because John never put up a fuss and just let Sherlock back into his life like he’d never left.
After John left Sherlock considered going upstairs to interrogate Willa. He hadn’t asked her so far and he was trying to resist. It felt like cheating, asking the child what their little secret was, she was even worse at lying than John. In the end he decided not to, it was on him if he didn’t figure out the secret by tomorrow night’s dinner.
Sherlock and John couldn’t just live their lives in quiet bliss, of course. They had to make headlines constantly, from their adorable little holiday on Valentine’s Day to the numerous high press cases. Missing of course from every story, every picture, was the little princess herself. Irene sometimes wondered if Mummy Mary would have left well enough alone if they’d just blogged about the child once in a while.
John wasn’t the only parent who made the decision to take their child home straight from the assembly even though there was two school hours left.
Sherlock climbed to his feet in a second, a manic grin plastered to his face. There was only one reason someone would be at their house at half past ten. A client.
John held up his hand and took a deep breath. “No. We’re both too anxious to be having this conversation right now.”
John took a step back like he’d been struck. “You thought I was cheating? Jesus, Sherlock, what is wrong with you?”
came to her rescue. John knew that was why she still woke every night, sometimes multiple times, and Sherlock no doubt knew it too.
Just as he planned to take him into his mouth John gripped Sherlock’s hair and roughly pulled him back. “If you want me inside of you, you need to stop now.” He warned, voice softer than the hand in his hair.
There's a reason I'm posting two chapters right now, namely the rating and tags have changed *points up*
Sherlock really did understand. Making a huge change to their relationship in the middle of fretting over whether this would be the year Mary reappeared wouldn’t do them any favors. He had waited nearly a decade, he could wait a few more days.
That wasn’t what John was getting at, though he supposed it was a valid concern. The idea of Mary coming back into their lives was possibly one of John’s greatest nightmares.
Sherlock’s lips tasted like whiskey and John chased the flavor further into his mouth. Sherlock let out a low sound and let him.
Sherlock, in one fluid motion, snatched the stick from his hand and strode over towards the desk. Mycroft just barely suppressed the urge to sigh at his brother’s impertinence and instead sank down onto the sofa. Gregory, whose eyes still hadn’t opened, reach over and grabbed his hand with surprising accuracy. Mycroft laced their fingers and then returned the squeeze Gregory gave him.
Despite being irritated at Sherlock for blowing something simple out of proportion John had to smile at that declaration. He’d always hoped Sherlock would like Willa or at least be able to stand her so they could continue their friendship. To hear Sherlock admit that he loved her, quite possibly the first time John had heard Sherlock admit to loving anyone in such explicit terms, was very close to a dream come true.
She began crying again when they straightened her arm for the x-rays and Sherlock wanted to yell at them but he bit down on the inside of his cheek. It wouldn’t do to frighten Willa anymore.
He barely waited for the cab to stop and tossed a few pounds at the cabbie before darting into the A and E. He approached the nurse at the front desk, luckily she wasn’t with anyone not that that would have stopped him from interrupting.
John and Greg had bundled up the girls the next morning and dragged a reluctant David along and found a decent sledging hill on the grounds. Mycroft had eventually deigned to join them, bundled up against the elements in a way only he could manage. Greg then made the mistake of teaching the girls how to pack proper snowballs and the whole thing had devolved into a war. Even Mycroft had thrown some at John and Greg. Three adults, one teenager and two little girls had gone into the house that afternoon red faced and dripping with snow. The girls had curled up by the fire under a spare duvet and fell asleep while the adults shared a few fingers of brandy. Greg had even let David try a sip and the men pretended not to laugh at the face he pulled.
In the end they were only about a half hour from their home but those thirty minutes made the world of difference. They pulled up to a more than posh hotel located on the edge of Syon park.
As usual security merely nodded in his direction when he entered the building. Yes, he had to go through the metal detectors but there were no longer any interrogations or further pat downs. John was also left to his own devices to make his way down to the office though he had no doubt there were dozens of cameras tracking his every move.
It was several minutes before John spoke again. “Do you have a place to stay? I mean I’ve taken your old room but-”
John paused and then nodded as he was once again reminded of everyone who loved Willa. After gently pushing her towards them he turned back to the desserts.
The wardrobe was filled with John’s clothing now and he wondered where his own were, if they were in storage or given away. There was still a concerningly large amount of jumpers in the drawers, most of them new but Sherlock saw old favorites lovingly mixed in. There were more denims than before which indicated John was only part time at the surgery and dressed casually on the days he was off. Several them had grass stains on them, John did not coddle his daughter and the frequently played rough at the park. All of John’s pants (Sherlock had only paused for a second to considering if it was odd to be routing through his friend’s pants drawer) were several months old, in good condition but old. John wasn’t seeing anyone or even going on the pull frequently.
“Yes, apparently they’ll already have Lestrade’s children.” Sherlock told him and then shuddered. “I believe my brother is trying to congratulate us on our relationship.”
John smiled weakly at him. “I know you will. So go, go talk to your people. When you’re done come find me at home, alright?”
John nodded. “I know and I know you’re more than capable of watching her. Just know I worry, I’ve always worried.”
Cole had returned to Wyoming with medals to spare and a deep sense of rage. How dare they threaten his life when they’d been the ones to put him in those places? How dare they tell him to shut up and go home like a good dog?
Sherlock shook his head again. “It’s contaminated now,” he reasoned, “there’s more in the sweater that’ll be of more use for forensics.”
John considered it. “I’d like that but I’ll need to check with Sherlock about it. I’ll let you know after I get home this evening.”
“Willa did you move my phone?” He asked striding across the room to retrieve it. Sure enough when he lifted it he could make out a series of small finger prints on the screen.
It wasn’t that he’d never spent the day alone, he was always on his own when John worked. On those days though he would go down to the office and look for a new case or work on an old one. He wasn’t allowing himself that luxury right now. He was worried he’d become too involved in a case and forget to leave when it was time to get Willa. While he’d never forgotten her before John was always around to get her if he had ever truly needed or forgotten.
"What are we doing?" Willa dared to ask once her shoes were on. By now her head didn't feel as fuzzy and her arms and legs were almost back to normal.
Aaron was sitting on the edge of the sofa attempting to coax a bottle into his new son’s mouth. The boy appeared to be completely asleep.
“Harriet, I’m glad you could come.” Sherlock said with false sweetness, intentionally using her name to grate on her.
He left, stomping out of the room angrily, Willa could hear his footsteps down many of the stairs. Janine was quiet after he left and this time Willa really did fall asleep again.
Sherlock left her to her own devises and settled onto the couch with John’s laptop. Lately he’d been browsing through the major crime headlines for the past six years and seeing which ones were still unsolved. He had a running list of which cases he wanted to see the files for, some of which he was certain he’d already solved. He needed to wait to get them until the flat downstairs was finished, there were a few particularly gruesome murders that Willa didn’t need to see.
“No I don’t.” John agreed. Mary had once told him she’d had the worst allergies as a child and remembered being held down for regular allergy shots. He worked under the assumption that it had been one of the few truths she’d told him, as he did for most of Willa’s medical history.
“It’s my money and you came to Mycroft instead of me.” Sherlock was more than a little upset. Not just because John didn’t think he was capable of dealing with his own money but because John had thought Mycroft was a better option to discuss it with.
He’d gotten a great deal of joy out of forcing Mycroft to do the legwork in bringing Baron to the flat.
“We send it back and forth, no reason for her to have her own since they’re almost never there.” Erik answered, finally having given up trying to work out where Sherlock was going with it.
doesn’t exist anymore. That’s why we’re sad when people die because that spark of life, that bit that made them unique and brilliant, doesn’t exist anymore.”
“Yes.” Mycroft agreed. He looked ready to dismiss Sherlock but then hesitated. “Might I make a suggestion?”
After breakfast John coaxed Willa into the bedroom with him for a nap reminding her they would be out late that night. Sherlock cleaned the room and tried to make some organization out of Willa’s toys. After that was done he found he couldn’t focus on going through the newspaper archives.
“Hmm, definitely not.” John disagreed as he continued to softly brush the bundle of nerves with every pass.
“Right, stupid question.” John admitted in a low voice, aware Sherlock was only a room away. Thankfully the shower was still running.
Looking around the room Willa realized she'd been back asleep for a while as the room was now nearly bare. All the work lamps and the generator were missing along with all the other little things they'd had with them. Aside from the mattress, the only things in the room were three big orange plastic jugs.
John pressed into him slowly. Sherlock honestly wondered if he would die before John was all the way in him. He helped through the last centimeters by snapping his hips down.
At 7:29:24, Sherlock noticed, just at the edge of the frame, a familiar woman. At 7:29:26 Janine Hawkins, or whatever her actual name was, had appeared entirely on screen as she emerged from the alley. Relatively little had changed with the woman in the last six years, a little older maybe but quite recognizable. In the next frame, Janine was in the same spot but her head had turned, she was clearly deciding which direction to go. It was in this one that a man was barely visible from the shadows of the alley. Despite the distorted image Sherlock could see a shape, Willa, on his shoulder hanging limply.
Three days later Erik Wolfe was arrested for the murder of his son. John wasn’t able to finish his breakfast after seeing the headline in the paper. Sherlock had taken the paper from him after seeing his face, read the headline and then promptly binned it.
He’d never admit it to Janine, or anyone else, but when he’d gone after her face (with a sledgehammer, oh god the noises her skull had made), he’d gotten sick, twice. She’d just laugh at him and call him a coward until he got mad and went after her with a sledgehammer to shut her up. After dealing with the hell that had been her face, carving up the rest of her had been straightforward enough. Straightforward, not necessarily simple or easy.
John grabbed one of the throw pillows and knowingly tucked it up under her arm. Molly went forward then and laid the baby in her lap.
He handed the photo back to Lestrade who looked at it a moment before putting it back. “My birthday dinner. I told them all I wanted was a decent photo of the four of us.”
Last year they’d ended up staying the night at the house because an unexpected storm had come in and the roads turned to ice.
John sighed. They worked on cases involving dead children in the past, none since Sherlock had come back, and Sherlock always managed to distance himself from the fact they were children. John had never been able to do that. Even before Willa’s birth John had never been able to look at the body of a child and detach himself from his feelings.
Mason Cooper at age nine hadn’t taken to his father’s towering height (the man had honestly been 15 centimeters taller than Sherlock) the way his siblings had. That in its self wouldn’t have been terribly odd, Hayley wasn’t very tall, but the boys coloring had been all wrong. The four other Cooper children had all had green eyes and brown hair but Mason was blue eyed and blond.
Sherlock felt his own eyes widen and he scrambled back off the bed to retrieve the lube so quickly John didn’t have time to unwind his hands. The pulled hair burned Sherlock’s scalp in a delicious way.
Sherlock left shortly after that to go look around the girl’s flat. John stayed home with Willa who, after some medicine, seemed alright.
“I’m working on it now and we’ll set up further security around the school for the time being.” Mycroft told him. “Nothing will be printed and if someone attempts to publish anything about her they will run the risk of disappearing.”
She raised her hand to her head expecting to feel a bump. She didn’t know why her head hurt, or why everything was moving so much. It felt like the room was spinning or she was spinning,
“Oh for god sake’s, Sherlock.” John reached over and shoved the candle into the cake, it stayed this time.
“I’ll do my room tomorrow while you’re at school and we can do your’s in the afternoon.” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock went straight to Willa’s room. John followed after them a few seconds later. Between the two of them they undressed her and got a nightgown on her without waking her. As Sherlock waited by the door watching John tuck her in and kiss her forehead he found himself with the desire to go over and kiss her forehead as well.
At that comment Sherlock’s entire face lit up. It made the entire awkward conversation, and the ensuing tense remainder of dinner, worth it.
“Harry was pistol whipped.” John said in the same clipped tone as he marched towards the back of the restaurant that was now empty. “She was coming around as the ambulance pulled out.”
“Look Sherlock, like I said I’m really very tired. I just want a shower and bed. Do you mind if I do that? I’ll be home tomorrow afternoon.” John interrupted him before he could say anything else.
She didn’t worry though, John was far too noble to ever harm her but even she had a few needles worth of protection hidden inside her hand bag. One could never be too careful where Sherlock Holmes was concerned.
ALSO the frickin Christmas tree scene wasn't supposed to exist but it was Christmas yesterday and I HAD to have something. It's so sappy I'm really not sorry.
John watched her eat for a few moments and considered the question. He was fairly certain Willa wasn’t just trying to figure out how their family worked, though that was part of it. He wondered if she was looking for a way for Sherlock to become more than just her father’s partner, to become something meaningful (at least in societies eyes) to her.
Eventually Mrs. Hudson accompanied him on the piano and Mycroft made it through two songs before gingerly ushering her away and taking a seat.
” Sherlock finally stopped pacing and looked at John while he said this. There was a look in the other man’s eyes that had John’s heart in his throat.
“No secrets.” John told him, licking his lips, and he then looked down to contemplate the inside of his empty mug. “Also I feel you should be completely aware that I have a history of making terrible decisions when I’m upset that extends past us knowing each other.”
Sherlock carefully shrugged. “I might have scared a nurse when she planned to argue against me going up to radiology with Willa.”
John’s hand on his leg had been comfortable right up until the moment Mycroft pointed it out. Sherlock blamed himself for that. He would never admit that the reason the hypocrisy of his statement had escaped him was because he hadn’t noticed the extra weight there. Now that it was gone and John was certainly keeping to his side of the sofa Sherlock missed it immensely.
Willa choked on laughter she felt bubbling up, still tired and a little disoriented. They’d been trying so hard to make her not look like herself, not look like Daddy anymore, but they’d only managed to make her look more like Papa instead.
Sherlock could feel John shake his head, his chin brushed against his scalp from the way they were laying. “I spent that morning staring down the barrel of my gun.”
John hated him because he was right. There was no way he was willing to stake Willa’s life on an attachment that might not exist.
After dropping Willa off at school John turned around and headed towards Mycroft’s office, his proper one not the one he used in the Diogenes Club.
“I’ll text my brother and have him issue a blackout on her.” Sherlock said and pulled out his phone.
“Since I wasn’t able to see her on Christmas I was going to offer to watch Willa so you and Sherlock could have an evening out.” She offered.
Sherlock’s joy had come back by the time John had finished his speech, and he bobbed his head almost violently in agreement. “I’ll start researching.” He exclaimed and eagerly grabbed the laptop.
“Willa’s missing.” Mycroft repeated to him as he crossed the room for his work phone that was charging at the desk.
John perched on the arm of his chair just looking at Sherlock for a moment. “You didn’t have to do that.”
“Sherlock…” John started but it devolved into a stream of curses under his breath when he heard the lock turn.
“Someone was covering her mouth. Since she was fighting, she certainly would have screamed.” Sherlock said coldly.
He traced the sole of John’s foot with his tongue, taking a quick moment to lick a stripe up his arch, and then darted it between each of his toes. John was left with the distinct urge to squirm, or giggle, or moan and his body couldn’t decide which it wanted to do. When Sherlock switched to the left side John did squirm which caused him to moan from the friction of his cock against the sheets.
John looked down at his hands, clenched his fists a few times before taking a deep breath. “Money cleared into my account yesterday.” He said finally.
“You can keep going but it’s not going to work.” John repeated even as his hand rose to pin Sherlock’s head to his neck.
“I can’t say I’ll always make you happy but you can’t do that anymore.” John told him as he set aside his mug.
“Oh now it’s not like that.” John protested. It wasn’t really. They shared a bed but they didn’t actually sleep in it at the same time.
He turned and realized his phone wasn’t on the counter where he’d left it. Sherlock was certain he’d put it there so it was mostly out of the danger zone that had been the table.
Willa politely accepted her gifts but her eyes were always on Baron who was still exploring the first floor. She even managed to smile, albeit in a pained way, when Harry insisted she try on the hideous jumper she’d bought her. Sherlock wondered how upset John would be if he accidently lost it while cleaning up. Her birthday seemed to be heavy on books and clothes. Sherlock questioned if John had made the request given the frankly terrifying number of toys she’d gotten at Christmas.
John cleared his throat. “Mr. Wolfe are you aware Sherlock has proved people innocent before? If you’re innocent how can it hurt to share your story with the world’s most brilliant detective?”
"Oh, aren't you clever," Janine said, but it didn't sound like a compliment. She gripped Willa's hand even harder to keep her from going anywhere else.
Even when he and that adorable little girl had been hiding away from her mean and evil mother. When they returned to London they lived such a simple little life and Irene enjoyed watching them from afar. She could ignore them for months at a time and when she came back everything was just the same. Yes, Willa Louise would have grown a bit and her brilliant little mind had learned a thousand new things but everything else was same. Same little flat, same little routine and same little John who was only half of himself without Sherlock around.
Howdy folks! Hopefully you see the length and can forgive me the wait between my last story and this one.
As John continued to flip through the photos it became clear Mary was up to something, something not good. The final photo was what stole his breath. Mary seated on the top of a building looking down a rifle scope pointed at the streets below.
Most of the people were already there, packed in on each other. Sherlock had been unwilling to stand and freeze just to get a decent spot. He had no shame in pushing through the people, dragging John behind him. Mycroft’s security was easy to spot from the way they quickly stepped forward and placated anyone he’d angered in doing so.
“She was. I don’t think she meant to kill Noah. She knew she was losing custody of the children and she didn’t want that. She thought if she could make Erik look like a bad parent, a
Mycroft was openly watching Greg as he turned around after finishing the call, the other three were involved in a sort of dark staring contest. He cleared his throat. “There was a suspicious fire in Peckham,” he announced.
That night they both wanted to tuck Willa in, John smiled to hear Sherlock struggle to articulate as to why.
“I’ll spend Christmas Eve with you.” Sherlock capitulated after a moment. It was immediately obvious how much John had wanted him to say that, his face lit up in a bright smile.
Mycroft sighed heavily and rolled his eyes towards the ceiling. “I nearly strangled him during the first six hours. Then at one point he asked me ‘why’ I was so angry with him. So I of course yelled ‘Why do you think, Sherlock?’ and much to my surprise he answered and was very correct. He knew more than he let on but he wanted someone to confirm he was right. After that it became almost a game. When Sherlock said ‘why’ I asked ‘why do you think?’ When he was correct I praised him, when he was wrong I corrected him, and when he honestly didn’t know I taught him. After only a few weeks he became confident in his own mind and stop asking ‘why’ so much.”
Sherlock braced himself as John marched towards him, preparing himself for the hit he knew was coming. He wouldn’t dodge it, John had every right.
Willa didn’t like it, everyone watching her. She wanted to scream, Daddy had told her to do that once. If she was ever scared like this and he wasn’t around she was meant to scream. She kept trying to open her mouth but why wasn’t her voice listening? Why couldn’t she make herself scream?
John stood, jacket still bundled in his hand, and seemed to consider for a moment. “Fine,” he said, still clearly annoyed.
Molly answered the door with the brightest smile and a burp cloth thrown over her shoulder. As she led them into the living room John smiled fondly at the sheer amount of baby detritus lying around.
John shrugged. “I expect the police will be by soon, I didn’t think it was something you deserved to learn from them.”
John heard Sherlock leave the bedroom after him and the door of the bathroom opened. Upon reaching Willa he discovered the source of her frustration. It was a worksheet full of clocks.
By some miracle, he managed to will his hands to work and he pushed Sherlock away. “Bedroom, Sherlock.”
She was lying on a bed somewhere. The room smelt horrible and Willa could see mould growing on the wall. The mattress smelt even worse and Willa focused on breathing through her mouth. There were no sheets on the mattress and a spring was digging painfully into her shoulder.
“Why would they do that though?” Greg asked, obviously waiting for Sherlock to offer some kind of explanation.
“What if other kids end up with this?” John asked as they approached Willa and Marie. The girls had found a scrap of paper somewhere and were playing tic-tac-toe on it, an empty snack cake wrapper and two soda bottles sat between them.
“Of course I wanted to fuck you then.” John told him standing between his legs, pulling off his jumper. “I was pretty certain you’d let me too after the way you jumped around the room. If I’d really pushed, I could have had you over your chair or we could have broken every cylinder on that table.”
He was having her track the light when someone cleared their throat behind them. “We generally ask that you leave the examinations to the professionals.”
They stayed still, both of them panting from the effort of remaining motionless, until Sherlock leaned forward just slightly and planted his hands on John’s chest.
Most everything was too dull to even consider. Cheating spouses, thieving flatmates, and several missing pets. There had been a suspected murder for inheritance that had caught his attention for two days. It turned out that the middle aged son had become a terrible gambler and lost most of his money, in an effort to continue his habits he decided murdering his ailing mother was the best solution. His sister was rightfully suspicious of the whole thing and emailed Sherlock.
John didn’t move and when Sherlock returned from the bathroom he was face down on the mattress, asleep.
Hmm. I'm just gunna say adopt don't shop. All of my animals are rescues but do I honestly think Sherlock would do that? Probably not especially since he was obsessed with the idea of knowing the family health history of Baron.
John didn’t bother to work him hard first, instead he just swallowed Sherlock’s semi-hard cock down with no preamble. Sherlock dropped the file and heard the paper scatter along the floor. He could feel John smirking around him.
“Yes, if you want me to remain sane, I think I do. Besides with as many cases as you dismiss for being ‘dull’ you know we could go months without a paying client.” John told him and gently tapped his head.
“He’s bigger than Willa was, by about two pounds, I think.” John said as he perched on the arm of the loveseat.
“That’s disgusting, I’m afraid I’ll lose my breakfast if you continue.” Sherlock said though he turned his head away, not used to this new Mycroft that expressed emotions almost easily.
“So you’ve seen the shit those papers were writing? What were you two there for then? A case?” Harry asked.
Willa couldn’t see well, there were tears in her eyes and everything had gone blurry, but there was a sharp pain in her arm. She shrieked as something cool pressed into the spot he had stuck her.
John had still felt the keen sense of something missing but good friends and family had dulled it to an ache.
Willa cracked the door on the stall just enough to see him, the man’s back was to her so he didn’t see.
John gave in of course, there were bigger battles to fight than whether or not it was appropriate to wear sandals every day from June to September.
he knew John had trouble with the death of a child. “Was he ill?” Sherlock asked as he began eating part of the sandwich he’d ordered.
Sherlock realized then his head and much of his shoulders were hanging off the bed. He groaned and tried to roll himself into a more comfortable position.
John startled. Sherlock was right behind him, leaning down to speak quietly into his ear. He swallowed harshly and nodded.
Just as he was considering how to speed up the process his private mobile began ringing on the table behind him. Mycroft reached for it because, as much as he didn’t want to spoil their lovely night in, there were only a few people who had the privilege of knowing his private number and with one of them sitting across from him the number dropped drastically. He sighed when he saw Sherlock’s number blinking on the screen.
Sherlock’s tale woke up John’s own war stories and he had his first war nightmare in years the next night. He didn’t tell his friend because he knew Sherlock would clam up out of some desire to protect John. So instead he would just roll over in bed and silently cry, more for Sherlock than himself, until he fell asleep once more.
“Who would…” Lisa trailed off and looked to her daughter. “Marie, can you go out and wait while we talk?”
John was in the kitchen fiddling around with bourbon and once he’d discovered they were out of clean drinking glasses he grabbed a mug and dumped several shots into it. “Tell you what?”
John cursed Willa in his head, he had thought he’d done a better job at hiding them from her. John knew exactly what was inside of the box: a small petri dish with a fake virus culture, a violin, a tiny glass Florence flask, a golden sun, and a fuzzy white rabbit. He’d seen the sun while buying Willa’s first ornament and had grabbed it on impulse. Every year after he found another that reminded him of Sherlock. Typically they were hung near the back of the tree simply because seeing them every day during the holiday made him sad thinking about Sherlock who wasn’t home.
Dipping his tongue into his navel made Sherlock giggle and his hands thread through John’s hair to pull him away.
Sherlock didn’t move, he’d been expecting John to come with him. They only had to speak to a few people in order to get the word out. “Come with?” He asked.
“Sherlock.” John began again. “You’ve read the articles, I know you have, and you know it’s appropriate for her to self-soothe at this age. She’s got to learn.”
It continued to confused Sherlock that John would let Willa know about a serial killer cabbie but wouldn’t even tell her that he’d once been married to the woman who had given birth to her.
Mr. West shook his head. “Well, no. She does leave for special instruction twice a day because of her advanced academics. I also have a teachers aide.”
“You’re Willa’s teacher then.” Sherlock said looking around the man into the classroom where Willa had gone. It looked just like a first-year classroom.
Wednesday Sherlock spent the day at the morgue going over all of the autopsy reports and looking at the bodies. Golden was useless and constantly flinched whenever Sherlock leaned in to take a closer look at one of the corpses.
John had walked to his side by this point and took the photo from Sherlock with a smile. “I’m guessing he hasn’t told you?”
John wondered if he’d have to carry out this entire conversation by himself. “Was it because I asked Molly to babysit and not you?” Yet another nod. “Sherlock you have to talk with me, I’m just guessing here.”
Instantly all of Willa’s high strung energy evaporated, suddenly calm as Molly moved her arms to a better position.
“No,” Sherlock huffed turning back to the window. “What alarms me is someone would actually marry you.”
Willa pouted but after two minutes she finally relented and set to work. Sherlock stood behind her and watched. True to John’s prediction even with the delays she finished the work sheet with a minute to spare on the timer.
Sherlock stood and stepped in front of him, pushing between his knees. He cupped John’s face and tilted it up to look at him. “I am aware. In fact I even thought of it but there was a problem.”
Then one Saturday morning John and Rosie were up and dressed unreasonably early. Sherlock hadn’t slept that night so he’d watched the proceedings with only partial interest from his spot curled up on the sofa until John tuned to him, hands on his hips, and raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock had been expecting John to lead him to the sofa or their chairs, to sit him down and lay out whatever this secret was. He didn’t. Instead John smiled softly and turned away, leaving Sherlock standing dazed in the kitchen.
He looked back to Sherlock suddenly. “God I’m an idiot. It’s freezing out here. You’re freezing. Inside, if we’re lucky Mycroft has started tea.”
This was different, though. Sherlock and Irene were in the next room having a pissing match, and Willa was… somewhere. Nowhere. John didn’t know.
Sherlock growled, thumb beginning to travel along John’s rapidly hardening length. “Again.” He demanded.
“I invited her, Sherlock.” John admitted and stood, turning around with his hands up trying to placate the irate detective.
He leaned over her to look at the book and understood. “Le Vilain Caneton” the cover boasted at him.
Sherlock looked at him like he was an idiot. “Between the two of us we cover biology, anatomy, and chemistry well enough but astronomy is neither of our strong points and it could come in handy.”
John glanced behind him at the clock. “You know what? I had a nap earlier and I am too. Let me get changed and I’ll go on upstairs.”
He had been wearing his ring for most of the trip which ruled out removing the ring to be unfaithful. So he had removed it either to spare himself the questions about it or because he was worried about Sherlock’s reactions. No doubt it was being kept on person so he could slip it back on the second he was out of Sherlocks sight.
Sherlock felt guilty for not having visited Molly but once John had told him she’d married he wasn’t sure he wanted to interrupt that. It seemed, though, that she’d finally gotten over her fixation with him. “I’m sorry for not visiting.” He apologized awkwardly.
Three weeks later John found himself standing inside the kitchen of 221B Baker Street while a team of workers carried boxes and furniture up the stairs.
Sherlock shook his head again. John wouldn’t give up that easily. “Really, Sherlock, now is the best time to hold him. He’ll barely move.”
Walking into the foyer wasn’t terrible. There were none of Willa’s things down here to remind him and John kept telling himself not to think of it. He couldn’t let himself think of it because he’d already broken down twice this evening, both times Sherlock had been forced to catch him and right now he was out using his resources to try and find their daughter. John needed to suck it up and do his part.
John most likely didn’t mean anything by it. He’d been planning to keep the Wednesday meeting with Mycroft a secret from Sherlock so he would have set up childcare beforehand and wouldn’t have been able to ask him. Yet doubt lingered in Sherlock. Why wouldn’t John have asked him? He would have obviously realized John was going into work on a Saturday. Surely Molly had something better to do than spend the day with Willa, especially since Sherlock would be in the flat anyway.
“What? You can’t deduce it?” Irene asked with a smirk. There had been a brief second, not even a minute ago where Sherlock had felt she might be looking out for someone other than herself. When John had told her that Willa had gone missing her face had fallen just enough that Sherlock wondered if she was feeling sorry for them and what they were going through.
Sherlock watched as John let out a sigh that seemed to cause him to deflate. He turned back towards Sherlock. “What are you going to do now?”
Willa preened, pleased with the compliments. What was it about children always wanting to be older than they were? “Thank you, papa did it.”
Sherlock found himself toeing off his shoes and crawling onto the mattress. The sheets smelt completely of John, especially on the side closest to the door. He buried his head in the pillow and drowned in the scent.
John smirked to himself and looked down at the menu. Harry was always sensitive about getting older, once she passed twenty-five birthdays were only fun if you didn’t remind her of how old she was getting. Turning fifty was certain to be causing some mild crises but John couldn’t resist tormenting her, he was a little brother after all.
“Daddy always cries when reading this.” Willa tilted her head up and whispered into Sherlock’s ear loud enough John could hear. Sherlock chuckled.
Mycroft stepped out onto the side walk and John was about to great him but the look on the older man’s face gave him pause.
On the table was a small box wrapped in baby pink paper and tied up with a silver and pink bow, Mary’s signature style.
Sherlock was never particularly good with time. He understood it of course hours, minutes, seconds and all that but he was bad at being aware of the time. He didn’t realize it was the middle of the night until someone was howling at him for playing the violin to late, didn’t realize it was the middle of the day until Mrs. Hudson was nudging him awake with tea, and it was why sometimes when he promised to do something ‘in a few minutes’ it ended up taking him several days.
That was a bridge they would have to cross in the future but now, right now, Sherlock was standing on Baker Street.
John laughed. “I am glad you weren’t here in September. She actually threw up twice. But yes, I’m sure. She’ll get her allergy meds in the morning.”
This is quiet literally the third version of this chapter. I don't know WHY it was so hard. This one managed to flow nicely once I got it started.
If Sherlock was being honest he knew Willa loved going to school in a way he never had. Sherlock had been different from the start even in the posh schools he’d attended and they’d mocked him for it. The only person Sherlock had ever considered a peer as a child had been Mycroft who’s intelligence and personality had set him apart as well.
Sherlock gave a wide berth to John’s cock and balls as he licked and kissed his way up him. He was alternating sides every few inches and it left John feeling dizzy, not being able to focus on a singular side.
Sherlock’s gaze narrowed at the name. “Will she be sober?” He hadn’t even thought about Harry Watson since returning to London. His long-standing dislike of the woman had been hypocritical once but now Sherlock had been clean for years and would stay clean forever for John and Willa.
Willa’s teacher was waiting outside of the classroom as the students slowly trickled in, they were a little early.
Sherlock smiled at him from the chair he was in. “No, I’m reminding you of a promise you agreed to.”
Just as John expected Mycroft was in the small kitchen fussing with the kettle. Willa was leaning over the table with a picture book open in front of her. John was momentarily confused when he saw the book. Mycroft knew better than anyone that Willa was into chapter books now and was currently going through the Chronicles of Narnia at a dizzying speed.
“I’ve only brought your daughter a gift.” Hadeon said before spitting out another mouthful of blood.
Both men blinked at her, Greg’s thumb hovering over the screen of his phone obviously not having expected that she would make that offer. Honestly, Molly hadn’t expected herself to say that either. But she realized she meant it.
It seemed like almost no time before the cotton feeling returned to head and limbs grew so heavy she could no longer sit up. Janine stood the entire time watching her, even after Willa had given up fighting and laid down she could still feel her watching.
“Sherlock’s making eggs. We’ll need more.” Willa informed John as she allowed herself to be lifted off the table and set on the floor.
“Willa. I need to look at your hand to see if we need to call your daddy or not.” Sherlock said trying to sound calm. He wasn’t, which was ridiculous seeing as this was most definitely not a life-threatening injury. At most she would need stitches but just the thought of having to call John and tell him she’d gotten hurt while he was supposed to be watching her made Sherlock nauseous.
Willa stuck her tongue out at the girl with the short dark hair, which seemed even shorter now that it was mostly dry. The girl stuck out her tongue back.
Willa nodded and went, realizing they weren't going to tell her anything else. Once she was done Janine took her hand and pulled her out into the hallway near the stairs. They stood watching as Cole finally moved and grabbed one of the big orange jugs. He too went into the bathroom but Willa quickly realized he wasn't dumping the jugs down the drain, a brownish puddle began trickling out under the door. He came back into the room and grabbed the next canister, dumping it all on the mattress where she'd slept. By now the smell had reached Willa's nose and she gasped.
“No, I’m alright. I’ve got it now.” John said as he began picking out the broken shards of porcelain from his skin.
London) and plotted exactly how he’d sneak past his brother and back home. He hadn’t seen London for two years at that point and this imposter weighed heavily on his mind.
John gave a weak smile. “Yes, you’ll see in a few weeks. She sends a gift between Christmas and Willa’s birthday. The first year it was in the hall downstairs, last year it got delivered next door ‘by accident’ and they brought it over. Never the same way but it always comes.”
Despite his speed it still took time to reach the restaurant and by the time he pulled up the ambulance had disembarked with a fifty year-old female patient who had sustained a head wound inside. The roads were blocked by the sheer number of patrol cars that had pulled up so Greg just rolled to a stop behind one of them. He pushed into the crowds and flipped his badge at the lowly PC who moved to stop him.
Please remember I fly by the seat of my pants with no beta or britpicker. You get what you get... sorry.
“I have one.” Sherlock warned him. “I won’t change and do not ask me to. Right now there are no cases, no labs, no puzzles and I can focus entirely on you two but soon the flat will be finished and I can take cases again. I will forget to come up for dinner, I’ll say cruel things to you because I’m stressed and I’ll spend days or weeks away from home on them.”
He was out of the car without another word and halfway to the bank when he yelled out behind himself, “stay there,” knowing full well Mycroft was going to try and follow him. He didn’t care enough to make sure he stayed though.
Later that night he realized he might have asked Sherlock on a date, he wondered if Sherlock knew that when he agreed. John had been on six dates since his split with Mary, every single one had been a nightmare. One woman had actually left mid meal when he revealed he had a toddler at home, the others had either been insufferably boring or not someone he would ever consider bringing home to meet Willa. At this stage in his life he wasn’t dating just to date, if he was going to put the time and effort into a relationship it had better be one that lasted.
“The school called. Willa’s complaining of a headache and asking to come home.” John explained in a rushed way. “I told them one of us would come and it’s sort of crazy here.”
They hadn’t done it for Willa’s first Christmas. They’d had dinner together but it had been takeaway at Baker Street, John trying to convince his eleven-month old that rice was not the devil. Her second Christmas had been different. Mrs. Hudson had decided to stay in London and that had been the first Christmas Greg and Mycroft spent as a couple, though John didn’t know that at the time and to make things appear less odd Molly had been invited.
Sherlock took note the way he phrased it and his pulse sped up. He shook his head. “No I won’t be able to sleep.”
“Yes.” Willa said slowly giving him a look one might give to a diseased rodent. It looked very much like one Sherlock had perfected, John wondered if she’d picked it up from him or if he had his own version of it.
John walked forward and rested his hand on Hadeon’s broken collarbone. “You left the Ukrainian Mafia for what? To be an errand boy for an assassin?”
John gave up and kissed him then, deeply, until just the slide of their tongues was enough to make them moan into each other’s mouths.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, almost back to his non-sentimental self, “that’s because they didn’t do it.”
Sherlock stood behind her smirking. John growled and attacked him much the same way. Sherlock, though, did not protest or try to move away. Instead he returned the kiss with just as much enthusiasm.
John was watching him from the doorway again. There was something on his mind obvious by the fact that every few seconds he would make false starts into the room.
They were only going out to celebrate Harry’s birthday, a gun seemed excessive unless John was keeping something from him. It wasn’t the first time that thought had crossed his mind.
“Irene Adler.” Sherlock spat but he’d turned his venomous gaze towards the back of John’s head, like it would give him the answers John wouldn’t.
Sherlock paused, he wasn’t quite sure where one would hide out when kidnapping a young child. But he did know they would still be in London, there hadn’t been enough time to get out of the city before the police had been alerted and Mycroft had more or less locked down the country.
John wanted to kiss Sherlock, he’d just admitted it. So why was he preventing them from taking that final step? “Why?”
“Just family. Unfortunately, Addison and David are back with their mother but Molly and Aaron can make it, unless of course the birthmother goes into labour.” John told him and then hesitated. “Harry will come too.”
“Tomorrow night, let’s all three of us go out for dinner.” John suggested. “I’ll be yours all evening then, to do whatever you want with.” John’s smile became dirty.
“I’m starving.” Harry announced perhaps a bit too loudly and clapped her hands together. John’s face twisted into something he might have imagined was a smile.
The child. He hadn’t forgotten about the baby but he’d left those thoughts behind the locked door of John’s wing. “So you
“Sherlock and I have talks, we’ve decided to be a bit more than friends.” John said after a moment, the explanation sounded weak even to himself.
“I’m sorry, Molly,” was the first thing out of Greg’s mouth. “But they found the body of a little girl by the river.”
“Hayley.” John smiled returning her embrace. When he pulled back he stooped down and disrupted Rosie’s close examination of the grass. Sherlock didn’t think about it and simply reached over and pulled a few blades from her mouth, she glared at him sourly.
“I’ll talk to you later John.” Sherlock said and that was his only warning before the video feed cut out.
Mycroft nodded, pleased with the admission. “But you do not like the obstacle she represents between you and what you want.”
“John, I doubt she’ll show up tomorrow.” Sherlock said. He wasn’t irritated but rather was trying to assure John they would be fine.
They waited up together until one of Mycroft’s minions began dragging in the presents. John felt sort of bad for the man and wondered if he had family that he wasn’t seeing because Mycroft had given him this job. He offered him a cup of tea (Sherlock had rolled his eyes and set about deducing the presents) before he left and the man seem surprised and grateful.
Angelo greeted John like an old friend and treated Willa like royalty, he didn’t hide his surprise at seeing Sherlock well. Evidently John still visited the little restaurant a few times a year.
Harry opened her mouth to protest once more but found she didn't even have the strength to dispute those claims because she knew it was all true.
Mycroft smiled and it was soft and caring, not at all like his normal smug grin, it made Sherlock uncomfortable to be at the receiving end.
John nearly had his wrist broken once more while trying to wake Sherlock before the man subconsciously came to accept he wasn’t in danger. By the weekend Sherlock managed to stay awake all of Saturday despite his bizarre sleeping habits. On Sunday John walked into the living room after clearing away lunch to find Sherlock and Willa asleep on the sofa. They were both curled up like cats at either end with one blanket thrown atop both of them.
John retreated into the hall and leaned against the rail fighting the sadness that made him want to cry. John gripped the bannister tight enough his knuckles turned white.
When he stepped out it was clear Willa was fighting back tears. Sherlock cursed when he realized she’d been asking
At nine they bid everyone farewell and climbed back into the car. Sherlock kept the violin with him at his feet. Willa had gone in after him making John and Mrs. Hudson sit together. They were driving for only ten minutes when Sherlock felt the weight of her head on his arm, she’d fallen asleep.
They watched quietly as the doctor set her arm, John’s hand found Sherlock’s when the he began pressing it back into place. After setting it they worked on casting it, they’d asked Willa what color as a distraction while they placed the IV in her arm. She unsurprisingly chose pink.
Molly coughed, her eyes flickering up to Sherlock before glancing away. “That’s something to ask your daddy.”
He picked out a shirt of a similar red to John’s cardigan and his own pair of black trousers. As he did he lamented at the idea of having to move his things back out of the wardrobe space he had appropriated and down into the lower flat.
“Yes, and this time six years ago I was watching your heart beat on a monitor wondering if you’d ever come.” John informed her.
“What the hell am I supposed to do?” John bellowed suddenly and Willa immediately tensed and began to whimper. John inhaled sharply trying to control himself. “No love not you, you’re fine.” He whispered trying to sooth her.
Lestrade, a man who frequently babysat Willa, who had watched her grow from an infant to the child she was, was unable to identify whether the body belonged to her or not.
“Sent me a photo. I’ve been running my arse off with this case the past few days or else I’d have gone out to see her.” Greg said. “So the quicker you solve this the quicker I can go cuddle the baby.” He told Sherlock then.
“John just showed me. Please remind the press that any harassment or publication of Willa is expressly forbidden.” Sherlock instructed him.
Sherlock realized Willa was looking up at him expectantly. “Sometimes.” He agreed. It seemed to be the right thing to say because her arms dropped and she was all smiles again.
“His men are too obvious John, there were five with us last night.” Sherlock said absently from his place by the window.
John turned in his seat to look at Willa in the back. She was still dressed in her school clothes and her backpack was resting on the seat next to her, they’d left straight after picking her up from school.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and dragged him down on top of himself. Sherlock’s body provided a comforting weight, a barrier against the rest of the world and even against his own thoughts.
“Angie?” Aunt Harry asked and she took a step towards Willa, the man held out his hand and stopped her.
About five blocks, and a handful of cameras, from the restaurant Janine and her partner stopped briefly just barely in view of the camera. Janine turned and spoke to the man carrying Willa, they were obviously waiting for something. It didn’t take long until a small sedan pulled up next to the curb and they climbed inside.
John was slightly more subdued in his desire to change from his work clothes. He took the time to properly hang up his jacket and lay his shoes on the rack in the hallway. His tie was halfway off when he reached his bedroom.
Gregory had given up his vigil less than a half hour before after some, perhaps inappropriately timed, snogging. At the time neither of them had been receiving any new worthy of alert, so there had been no point in both of them being awake given that it had been nearly 24 hours since either of them had slept. He was currently sprawled out on the leather sofa in Mycroft’s office, his mobile resting on his chest.
Two updates in one day? Only because I had finished Chapter five last night but was too tired to edit it.
“Since you’ve somehow gotten hold of my daughter’s medical records I assume you have mine from my last physical as well.” John said lowering his hand.
He ignored two texts from John and spent the night in one of their guest rooms, ignoring Mycroft’s knowing looks.
“I…” He’d not thought about it. He’d been avoiding thinking of their maybe date for the past two days altogether. “I don’t know.”
“God damn you, you horrible bastard.” He hissed but his words had no meaning as he thrust into empty air.
John carefully undid the button and zip, making sure not to touch Sherlock any more than absolutely necessary. Sherlock’s hands fell from his hair and onto the bed.
John sighed. “I’m mad you took my gun and ran off. I’m mad you and your bloody brother made me wait six hours in the dark but I am not mad, upset or frankly bothered by what you did down there.”
He felt dazed and giddy, it was very nearly like being high. He’d just tasted every centimeter (he’d overlook the eyeball thing for now) of John Watson’s body.
Pushing away from the door frame John cast a glance over his shoulder at Sherlock. “But you haven’t seen the best bit yet.”
John nodded. “Yeah, but death is kind of… I don’t know, abstract. To exist one moment and then not, that’s difficult to grasp.”
Then there was a set of teeth sunk into the meat of John’s arse, he yelped and jumped. The bed shifted and John could no longer feel the warmth of Sherlock draped over him. He glanced over his shoulder to see Sherlock staring down, no doubt, at the mark he’d just made.
Janine, who'd been in the bathroom, reappeared. "We're going for a ride," she said simply, "go use the toilet quick."
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at the new pile of presents and then turned back to John with an enigmatic grin. “Father Christmas.”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure she’s just interrogating Willa about the adoption.” Sherlock said with a small smirk.
aware of other women with power.” Irene answered and she tilted her head to peer past him into the kitchen.
John set down the knife and pulled him closer. “Tell them we’d really appreciate it.” He said before pulling Sherlock down to kiss him deeply.
“Yes,” John bit out before stabbing at the little red button on his screen. Sherlock was looking at him with concern, hand still on John’s arm.
Harry Watson was a lot of things. A drunk, a cheater, and a quitter (though perhaps not where it counted) but being unobservant wasn’t one of the things she was known for.
Forty straight minutes of ravishing and John hadn’t given him anything. Well, hadn’t given him anything concerning the little secret he was keeping with Willa. It was obviously about him given the way they both had trouble keeping straight faces when he’d gotten home earlier.
“Oh Sherlock.” John sighed and reached up to force Sherlock to look at him. “She fell. Its what children do. They fall and they break something. She was also at
spent most of Monday cleaning the living room and the kitchen. He’d even gone so far as to move furniture to hoover beneath it. Mrs. Hudson had been concerned enough for the well being of the flat that she appeared with afternoon tea as a cover to check he hadn’t done something stupid. Sherlock had just needed something to occupy his time with.
Sherlock’s arm snapped out and he pointed to something under the sink, both John and Greg crouched to get a look at it. It was the plastic cap from over the top of a hypodermic needle. “No one notices people carrying out a sleeping child.”
“Yes, I could have fucked you or yes this?” John asked punctuating his question by slipping the last button open.
. A voice that sounded suspiciously like John warned him. “Yes, well I’d like to look at it.” Sherlock ground out hoping he didn’t sound as pained as he felt.
“Really?” John asked, though he wasn’t surprised. Deborah might not have been the best parent, but she honestly tried to love her children.
“Now.” Janine sighed. “We’ve got to do something about your hair. Have you ever been to a salon?” She was trying to sound nice again.
Sherlock stepped around the broken cup and lifted her off the floor. She continued to sob into his shoulder as he carried her down the stairs and to the kitchen sink. He needed to assess what she’d done to her hand and it was easier to set her on the counter than fight with it in the bathroom.
Sherlock hummed at the hinge of his jaw and that vibration traveled straight down his spine. “I think you might become less so when we get to your eyes.”
They hadn’t actually had sex in their flat turned office because John would lure him upstairs once he’d worked Sherlock up to the point he couldn’t even read. Then, afterward John would latch onto him in bed.
John ignored her and peeked into the oven to check on dinner. When Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, hair somewhat tamed, Willa had only answered one of the problems. She glanced up at Sherlock excitedly and was about to say something to him when John interrupted.
“What? No!” Sherlock shouted reaching over to take Mycroft’s phone from his hands. “Baker Street, now.”
“Ten minutes, no speaking.” John insisted as he pulled out an egg timer older than Willa and set it on the table.
“I tried to warn you.” John chuckled and rolled off of Sherlock, making the whole thing infinitely easier.
“Can you keep a secret until Saturday?” John asked Willa without waiting for confirmation from Mycroft. He carefully deleted the messages just in case Sherlock decided to steal his phone.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to John. “You were the first person in a very long time that made me… not alone.”
Mycroft sighed. “Sherlock, I have nearly lost my entire career for you, if you cannot just text every now and then to update me on the status of your life I am forced to resort to such drastic measures.”
When John got back inside he found Sherlock lingering at the stairs. He had one foot up on the bottom step, hand on the railing like he’d planned on going up but just froze. His eyes were focused on the wall at the top of the stairs but John still remembered that face enough to know he was about to lose Sherlock to his thoughts.
guests in California and heard rumblings that Mummy Mary was none too pleased when one of her pets had gone missing, last seen running the fool’s errand to London, she’d dug a little deeper into their messes.
Only once Sherlock’s brain had begun to function again did he recognize the significance of the date. He waited until they move upstairs to let John know he knew.
John paused and realized then, Sherlock had in fact been up and made breakfast for Willa every morning which was a little out of their usual routine.
“You said that the second time we met.” Sherlock said into his ear. He was nearly laying on John, his hand trapped between them.
She quickly used the toilet and changed, still uneasy of the fact that there were strangers on the other side of the door.
John really was a nightmare to get into bed later that night only because he’d fallen asleep during the cab ride home. Sherlock was sober enough to direct him down the hall to the bedroom before thanking Molly for babysitting. She wished him a happy New Year as she left.
John was secretly pleased. He didn’t mind Sherlock and Willa having little secrets like this, it only proved how well they were getting on.
John laughed at the knowledge that Mycroft and Sherlock had resorting to speaking a different language in order to keep his daughter in the dark. “I think you’re not meant to be telling me this.”
It was easier to work into the kiss with Sherlock at this level and John’s hand came up and wrapped around the back of his neck, pulling him closer. When they finally parted, he kept his hand there, preventing Sherlock from moving too far away.
Willa got her prawns and Harry ordered the black cod because she knew her brother, or more specifically her brother’s partner, would be paying. Willa was delighted by the sheer amount of fire involved in the preparing of their food and Harry loved watching her niece being enraptured by anything.
“I’m coming home tomorrow, you can have it and read it all you want then.” John told her, smiling at her enthusiasm.
John wasn’t surprised that Sherlock knew and wondered when he’d figured it out. He shook his head. “Infatuated yes but not in love, not yet.”
“Sherlock yelling at them isn’t exactly giving a statement.” John admonished. He should have sounded exasperated but instead he just sounded flat. Sherlock wanted to shake him until he sounded like himself again.
Mycroft finally looked at John and answered. “Neither girl had a bicycle and David’s been begging for a motorbike for years. And Molly.” Mycroft called and turned to her, she was eyeing the pram.
When Sherlock pulled out a small separate box John sucked in a breath and began fighting in earnest with the garland.
“Really? Well then you’re in for a treat.” Janine said and she stood up off the mattress and walked over to a chair, there was a bag on it. “We’re going to have our own salon right here.” She continued as she dug through the bag. “Would you like that?”
He didn’t want to go in. He knew what waited when he did: all of Willa’s things and an empty flat to remind him she wasn’t there. He took a deep breath and willed himself to take a step forward. He didn’t have to go upstairs, someone really did need to warn Mrs. Hudson what had happened. She was family and deserved to learn it from them and not when the police eventually came around.
“Alright.” In a fit of paranoia, he opened his phone. No calls had been made and the last text sent was the one he’d sent to John before lunch asking him to pick up milk on his way home.
“Who?” Sherlock knew John usually had only a few people over for Willa’s birthday rather than throwing her a big party.
“Thank you.” He said and then disappeared leaving John to shake his head while chuckling to himself.
John was literally gripping the sheets to not moan or writhe backwards towards the teasing tongue. Sherlock kept at it, softly and gently teasing him. Then suddenly he pressed his tongue in and John moaned and bit at the sheets.
Sherlock and Willa had just finished arguing over whether broccoli was better or worse than brussels sprouts.
Mycroft sighed, only a little, “her hair, how much of it was cut. I have to let my people know too.”
John considered this a second before slowly shaking his head. “Well, no. I imagine Sherlock will need his own space soon.”
“Go wash up, we’ll do reading later.” John said as he handed Sherlock a cup of tea. Willa hastily folded up her work.
loudly and on repeat, followed by an immense wave of guilt because that just meant it’d be someone else’s daughter. He didn’t need to hear Mycroft once again offering to let him sit back and have someone else do the dirty work, he didn’t get as far as he did in his career with that kind of thinking.
Once in the bathroom with the door shut John leaned against the sink and took a deep breath. He questioned what the hell he was getting himself into, even if he knew he doubted he wouldn’t go through with it.
He didn't though because, at this moment, Greg knew that they all needed Mycroft as his best. Not distracted by his sentimental old fool of a husband. Now was not the time to be thinking of his own wants and needs when his niece was out there somewhere not with her fathers.
But what had she done to make her feel that way? She hadn’t been faking that she didn’t recognize Janine, she honestly had not known the woman until they’d mentioned her name. Though, she had been extremely quick and relieved to point the finger at Sherlock and try to assign the blame to him.
Sherlock and John’s room was tidy for the most part but there was an air of chaos about it. Sherlock’s things had been haphazardly shoved into the room around John’s. Now he had a chance to distribute everything evenly and finally have a place for all of his things again and if he liberated John from a few of his more hideous jumpers it was all for the better. Once he was finished he was surprised at the small thrill of seeing all of their things coexisting so nicely.
She nodded and slowly brought her hand out. There was blood covering her right palm, she even seemed surprised at the amount of blood.
“I got mugged when I was seventeen, fought the wanker off and got a penknife to the gut for my troubles.” John told him.
Molly had informed him that, no she would not come back for a few hours just so he didn’t have to deal with incompetence.
John nodded, he wondered if Sherlock knew how transparent he was being at that exact moment. He couldn’t resist reaching out in comfort. “It’ll be fine.” He said squeezing the other man’s knee reassuringly.
“The insulin in Noah’s pump, when was it last changed?” Sherlock continued with his line of questioning.
“I agreed, though I’m not sure anything short of a tranquilizer dart is going to get either of them to stop right now.” Mycroft wasn’t even sure that would work.
Other than the door to the bathroom and a handful of windows, there was only one other exit in the room. A door on the other side, past both Janine and Cole. Willa knew there was no way she’d be able to get out that door without them catching her.
John pulled away further then, turning back to look up at the sky. His hand slid down from around Sherlock’s neck and his arm came to rest around his waist. Sherlock wrapped his own arm around John’s shoulder and tilted his face up to watch the fireworks.
Mr. West was in his late twenties and Willa adored him. The first two weeks after starting school she’d talked nearly nonstop about him. When John had met the man he’d understood. Mr. West was new enough to teaching, or had always had the luck of teaching in privileged schools, that he was full of energy and viewed everything as a fantastic lesson.
After a few moments both Molly and John relaxed enough to move away from the chair. Molly sat on the floor by Willa and John went over towards the loveseat.
John’s face lit up in understanding. “Because Erik wasn’t injecting him with insulin he was giving him the nicotine, but why would he do that?”
He wasn’t supposed to be on this case, wasn’t meant to get information before anyone else. But he’d shoved himself in front, for John and Sherlock and Mycroft. Because he’d wanted to feel useful, now all he felt was bloody stupid.
Sherlock looked at him before nodding, his posture relaxed. John stepped towards the door, it opened as he reached for it. As he went to step through a flash of metal caught his eye.
John grinned at him and leaned over to press a kiss to his lips. Willa refrained from making rude noises at them and giggled instead as she pulled off her bizarre bear backpack she’d insisted on bringing with.
The block he’d placed on telling John and Sherlock about the body was as much because he was their friend, and family, as it was because it was procedure. He wasn’t going to tell them until he was sure it wasn’t her… or if it was.
“And where do you intend to meet clients? Or put up crime scene photos? Over the mantel where you used to? In full view of a six-year-old?”
“Sherlock?” He asked reaching out and touching the taller man’s arm, once again unable to keep to himself.
“It’s not because I don’t trust you, if that’s what you’re thinking.” John insisted firmly. “Sherlock you’ve been great with Willa, more fantastic than necessary but I don’t know if you want to watch her-”
“So that being said,” Mycroft now directed his speech to the three children who could pay attention. “We hope you enjoy.”
Sherlock nodded curtly, emotions crossed his face so quickly John couldn’t read them all. Then he stood and strode over to the tree, box in hand. As he hung up the violin John let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
Irene smiled passively. “I do wonder, Detective Chief Inspector Gregory Lestrade, how often that phrase is said inside this quaint little flat?”
He could hear her upstairs rooting through drawers and her closet looking for whatever it was that she wanted to wear. They would have to spend Saturday much the way they always did, cleaning her room.
As soon as he’d seen his last patient for the day John text Sherlock, trying to let him know he knew he was troubled by something. It came as a great relief when Sherlock text back.
John smiled softly at him. “You can trust me, I’m a doctor.” He quipped and Sherlock groaned, rolling his eyes.
John downed his drink completely. “I tried to forgive her for what she did to you. If I’m honest I think I knew that sometime after Willa was born we’d split but I wanted to try, not just for her but because of what you went through to protect us. I owed it to you to try.”
“John’s in a conference we can’t get him.” Sherlock explained. He was sure Mycroft knew that already too, but he was explaining mostly so he wouldn’t kick the back of the cabbie’s seat.
It wasn’t that Willa never got into trouble, though overall she was a very well behaved child, but she rarely did senseless things. When she disobeyed the rules she usually felt she had a valid reason, even if John didn’t agree with the reasoning.
John and Willa were cuddled up on John’s chair when he came out, obviously John had apologized to her. She had her head resting on John’s chest watching the television while he stroked his fingers through her hair.
Of course, there had been the thank you donations into her account every time she sent off a text, and yes, maybe that should have tipped off that things weren't exactly on but how was she to know it was going to become this?
Luckily today Sherlock simply whined and tried to roll away from the over eager child. John stood by the doorway and watch as she crawled onto the bed chasing him.
John nodded, there was no point in asking how Mycroft knew. He hadn’t had any real delusions that Mycroft would actually back off when asked to, that just wasn’t in his nature.
He’s been wondering when John is going to tell her about Mary. She’s more than old enough to notice she was missing a mother. He’s surprised she hasn’t asked already.
Mycroft reached over and muted them again. “I am keeping my brother from killing this man. Your level of involvement is your own decision Captain Watson.”
John managed to get Sherlock and Willa out of the house without being too late. Sherlock had dug his heels in and Willa in a show of solidarity had joined his protests. John had only won her over by promising that Teddy would be there. She abandoned Sherlock after that which left him following them, sulking.
Of course, that wasn't their fault, they were concerned about the nasty blow to the head she'd taken. They were only coming in every hour or so to check her vitals and perform, what she'd been told were, standard neurological tests. Harry wasn't sure, but she thought John might have told them about her drinking history since they seemed overly cautious with her. She couldn't remember if being an alcoholic would affect a concussion. It's something she might have known long ago but had slipped away as she drank.
John stopped short, toe to toe with Sherlock. “She was terrified,” John started again but his voice broke, it was Sherlock’s only warning to reach out as John collapsed. “She was terrified.” John repeated again.
There wasn’t enough room at the table, or even in the kitchen, for the nine of them so Sherlock stood in the living room eating. Molly joined him.
Sherlock walked over to the coat tree, grabbed John’s jacket, and threw it at him perhaps more violently than he’d meant to. “Sitting around here getting drunk with be of no use to Willa, come with me, be useful.”
“Hello Molly.” Sherlock greeted before walking around the table and resting a hand on Willa’s shoulder. “Hello Willa.”
John closed his eyes and smiled to himself. “I guess we’ve spent at least some part of every day in bed together for over three months, we’re bound to be used to it now.”
They spent the rest of the day hiding out in their own flat. Sherlock kept finding himself at the window keeping watch. Once Willa was in bed John pulled up the video feed on his laptop and set it on the desk.
John messaged him before Sherlock had even dropped Willa off at school, apologizing for being so tired the night before.
“Lying,” both Sherlock and Mycroft pronounced in unison. Any other time John might have been amused and pointed it out, but not now.
Sherlock wondered, not for the first time, if John had forgotten he was a detective. Anyone would have been able to see the worry that was written on his face the night before, even Willa had taken notice of the mood and tried to cheer John up. Since John obviously did not feel up to telling him about it there was one other option, confirmed when he showed up bright and early at Mycroft’s office and his brother tried to usher him out.
Thank you ALL again for the amazing amount of feedback on What Is Left. I appreciate it from the bottom of my heart.
As she was finishing up she heard Aunt Harry’s voice. “Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong room. Bit too much to drink, eh?”
So this is definitely the slowest slow burn ever. Thank you for sticking with and I promise there will eventually Johnlock in here... eventually.
“I’m not entirely sure,” he answered finally, “but the car stopped somewhere, and someone must have seen something.”
They’d been sharing the bed off and on since Christmas night. Sherlock had never shared a bed with another person before now that didn’t involve passing out after a drugs binge or sex, or both. He and John didn’t even touch, keeping to their own sides, but there was comfort in knowing he
Molly and Willa were at the kitchen table when he walked in. There were several colors of nail polish sitting between them and Willa seemed to have every color on her nails. She was now painting Molly’s fingers a light blue.
“I realized I was in love with you that night. When I thought you were him I felt like someone had stabbed me. Then when you were stupid enough to jump on his back I realized I would have rather died with you.” Sherlock had never planned on confessing this, it made him seem pathetic, but John got him to do hundreds of things he swore he’d never do.
“I assume what you’re trying not to ask is if I have any diseases.” Sherlock said bluntly, John just nodded. “You’re probably most concerned about hepatitis and HIV because of my former drug habit. I have never shared needles. I do not have documents to show you right now but the British government saw fit to relieve me of half of my blood supply before allowing me back into the country. I am clean.”
Sherlock struggled with the window for a moment, the wood was warped and blistered from the fire. His fingers turned black and paint and wood chipped off onto the floor but it wouldn’t budge. John let him work for approximately another minutes before he made up his mind, not that he honestly put too much thought into what he was going to do next.
It worked like a charm which was why Sherlock was confused when he felt a bit sick over using Willa’s relationship with the boy like that.
‘Somewhere safe’ ended up being a cottage that butted up to the beach on the Isle of Wight. It had taken nearly six hours to drive there which John knew was far longer than it should have. The driver was obviously making every attempt to ensure their journey was untraceable. Willa had wailed for half of the drive, not a fan of the carseat that had been installed for her. When she finally fell asleep John allowed himself to lean against the window and doze.
John shook his head and Sherlock and resumed his holding up the wall, watching as Sherlock explained the various parts of the microscope to Willa.
Then John wanted to scream every time an explanation was followed by ‘why’. He finally did snap, raising his voice with her for the first time. Her face had screwed up in horror at his sharp tone before she threw herself on the sofa crying. He’d felt so guilty they’d ended up eating Chinese, her favorite take away, for dinner.
John was watching her too now, because he took everything Sherlock said as law. Harry swallowed down a large gulp of her water, desperately wishing it was wine. “Just a text I wasn’t expecting.”
“Do you and Sherlock kiss?” His daughter, with her impeccable sense of timing, asked just as he’d taken in a mouthful of wine.
They still had time after they finished dinner before they needed to leave so they made their way to the bar. Sherlock, after remembering the feeling of John’s hand sliding on his thigh during John’s stag night, ordered them each a beer and two shots.
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the sounds coming from his own mouth but didn’t care. John was fucking him.
A set of teeth embedded themselves at the top of his thigh. “No.”  Sherlock said, his voice was sharp.
Sunday morning Sherlock decided to take Willa out for a walk while John settled. He’d taken the news of Wolanski’s death well enough at first but he’d been short with everyone on Saturday.
The kitchen had changed the most. The walls were a pale yellow now and the table was new with four matching chairs sat around it, the two nearest the sitting room were the most used. This was where Willa and John sat during dinner. Under the table rested a tiny purple trainer.
“Alright but I need you to go to my room and look for a book with two polar bears on it.” John said finally releasing Sherlock from his struggles.
John normally kept his phone face down on the desk so he knew when he got a call or text. Sherlock knew to call the office if there was an emergency so John didn’t need to keep it on his person.
Sherlock snorted, apparently unable to keep his mouth shut any longer. John was impressed it had taken him this long.
There was a chance that Sherlock would spend a few weeks recovering physically and then jump right back into life like he’d merely been on holiday. Or there was an equally good chance he would suffer from depression or PTSD. This was not good considering Sherlock’s previous history of drug abuse. He seemed clean currently but there was no telling if he’d been using while away.
“Willa sit down. You’re getting your first present a bit early.” John told her and stood in the doorway while she complied, happy to get away from Harry’s picture taking.
John’s entire body ticked with energy but he didn’t turn or lash out. “She was no longer in the restaurant by the time someone found Harry on the floor.”
“We were in the toilets. She hadn’t come out yet and this bloke came in the room.” Harry began, still rubbing at the blood. “Told him he had the wrong room but he wouldn’t leave. Said he knew exactly where he was and he asked me where she was.”
Sherlock swallowed down the immediate reaction to tell her what he’d told Lestrade. He especially did not want to mention the brother to her, though. “Because of the boy’s connection to my partner’s daughter.” He said slowly. This didn’t make him feel as uncomfortable.
Mycroft looked over the first page. Even if he wasn’t looking at the exact texts the dates they were being sent were extremely telling. Text every year right around the beginning of January, the beginning of April and finally the middle of June. Scattered in between these telling dates were a few random messages. This year there had been three messages exchanged on Willa’s first day of school.
John could see the barely restrained gushing. Clearly Mr. West knew of Sherlock Holmes from sources other than Willa. From the way Sherlock stood just a bit taller as he shook the teacher’s hand he noticed it too.
Pleased with her second example Sherlock nodded. “Based off of that knowledge which one occurs while baking a cake?”
“Hello.” Sherlock greeted them and lifted Willa up. “How is it?” He asked John and nodded to her arm.
Willa’s face fell and John immediately cursed himself. “So you and Sherlock would have to get married before he could be my stepdad?”
He was getting better at ignoring it though which was why it didn’t work this time. “That’s not the point John.”
Mycroft slid past his brother. “I will leave you two to your domestic.” He nearly ran up the stairs.
On Friday, just after John and Willa left Sherlock received summons from his brother by way of near kidnapping.
He had the tie over his head and the top buttons of his shirt open by the time he noticed the lump on the bed. He nearly dove for the wardrobe where he kept his gun in a lock box but the mop of messy black curls stopped him.
Even though, at the time, he hadn’t let himself think of them he truly regretted not ever having gotten to hold Willa as an infant or having gotten to see John’s joy at being a new father.
Sherlock ignored her comments and found Willa sitting in the kitchen looking longingly at the oven. They were making chocolate macadamia nut cookies judging by the smell. There was an assortment of wooden blocks and various tools laid out on the table as well.
“Can I kiss you now?” Sherlock asked leaning forward, hoping to make his intentions clear that this wouldn’t be a single kiss this time.
“John.” Sherlock said sharply and John looked at him. “It’s just a meeting with someone June knew. It will be fine.” He pulled John to him.
“In Japan in 1985 there was a string of poisonings later called the Paraquat murders. The culprit left tainted sodas in various vending machines around Hiroshima.” Sherlock explained without preamble as he burst into Lestrade’s office later that night.
Sherlock didn’t want to leave the bedroom so he set himself up with the laptop in the space next to her. He checked his email and found a few more boring cases, one of which he solved as soon as he read it.
Sherlock cut her off. “Whatever you were told I will be ten times worse than that. This is my child and I will be going to any test with her until her father gets back into London. So I suggest you and the rest of the staff here do not argue with me on it.”
It took a moment to realize everyone was watching him. Sherlock swallowed down the emotions he was feeling and looked at Mycroft with the hardest glare he could manage, which admittedly was pathetic.
He heard nothing from Sherlock for the next hour. John had decided after washing dishes to prep another bottle, it had been nearly two hours since they arrived.
Molly startled and her head whipped around to look at him. “Sherlock. I didn’t think you’d be here. John said he wasn’t sure where you were.”
She made a threatening noise, lips pressed together and glared at him over the camera. “One more, smile everyone.”
On the first day John was home Sherlock fell asleep on the sofa after a valiant struggle to stay awake. The next day he had off John simply nudged Sherlock down the short hall to his room. When John was working, he would come home to find Sherlock asleep in his bed. He would just shut the door and leave him sleep until supper. After the first day he didn’t bother trying to keep Willa quiet or get her out of the flat, Sherlock slept through the various noises she made.
John jerked his head up and looked around, realizing for the first time that his daughter wasn’t hiding in one of the stalls. “Fuck.” He cursed and climbed back up to his feet.
John had assumed that because everyone seemed to have purchased every toy under the sun for Christmas that Willa’s birthday would be a more sedate affair.
“God you really are serious about this aren’t you?” John asked even as he was shedding his towel and moving to lay down.
“Turn over.” Sherlock told him. John realized now that the other man wasn’t entirely unaffected by these proceedings.
“I do but he always makes the sad face,” Willa demonstrated an eerily perfect replication of John’s depressed expression. “and doesn’t answer.”
John growled playfully and bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his own. He turned and looked at the living room, glad they’d cleaned in preparation. Christmas morning always seemed to resemble a bomb site so it was necessary to have a clean slate or else it would be March before John saw the rug again.
“You always were.” Sherlock teased his voice regaining composure. He stuffed his hands in his coat and looked up at the building for a second. “So you’re back on Baker Street?”
“Don’t rationalize my poor parenting, Sherlock.” John warned him and grabbed the butter dish a little more violently than necessary.
At one he went into the bedroom to wake John and Willa, still unsure as to whether he wanted to go or not. Willa was laying half on John’s chest stretching out across the bed and John had a hand buried in her hair. Sherlock took a photo before gently shaking John’s free hand.
True to Mycroft’s word there were workers in 221C on the following Friday. Sherlock spent the first half of the day scrutinizing their methods much to the irritation of the men. Despite their obvious annoyance with Sherlock they were exceptionally polite right up until they kicked him out under the guise of needing protective suits with some of the chemicals.
Mycroft and Greg were waiting for them just outside the lift on Harry’s floor, both of their mouths fixed into a grimace.
Willa allowed him to pull her hand away from her. She only hissed slightly when he ran it under the water.
“Under the celery in the veg crisper.” John told her with a wink as he went over to her desk and found the book he’d sent Sherlock on a wild goose chase for.
John was about to ask why when an all too familiar smell assaulted his nose. He turned to Fisher who’d fallen behind him in their assent of the stairs. “Mr. Fisher please stay here.”
John shook his head. “No, but I also proposed to a murdering psychopath. I’m not the best at reading people’s intentions when I’m in a relationship with them.”
was scrawled in a child’s handwriting along the underside. The name had taken more damage than any other part of the cast, ‘Wolfe’ was barely legible anymore.
“Come have a seat, I’ll make you tea while we wait.” Mrs. Hudson ordered from the kitchen and John obeyed.
“Yeah but the thing is, none of them are connected. The people I mean.” Greg turned to tell Sherlock.
“Daddy look! My first Christmas.” Willa exclaimed holding up a small silver baby shoe, on the sole was inscribed ‘Willa’s 1
He stayed there, fucking John with his tongue, until John had given in and was attempting to writhe back against the assault. Sherlock’s hands were pinning John’s hips down keeping him from thrusting backward and from rutting into the mattress. By now his cock had begun paying full attention to the proceedings.
Mycroft reemerged with something hidden behind his back. “I felt this was an appropriate occasion and it saved me from having to find you a gift which you would no doubt toss out.”
John was getting hard and the way Sherlock was rocking his hips into John’s arse he could feel him getting that way as well. His eyes flickered to the ceiling above and he wondered how long they would have before Willa came down to interrupt them. Sherlock chose that moment to nip at the join of his neck and shoulder.
Mycroft was watching from the corner of the kitchen apparently very interested in learning how Willa and Sherlock got on. The girl might have been hesitant with Sherlock but she had been extremely comfortable with Mycroft when they’d arrived and had no problem demonstrating affection with him. Mycroft obviously involved himself regularly in their lives, something John didn’t seem to mind much if the conversation about learning French was indicative of their relationship now.
Sherlock found he didn’t have to wait long to catch his first glimpse of John in almost six years. He was seated in the doorway of 221, leaning against the door frame as he watched something on the sidewalk. Not something,
John dropped to his knees, hands sliding under Sherlock’s hips to urge him further towards the edge of the bed.
Mycroft’s mouth drew into a thin line, his lips almost disappearing. “And you cannot tolerate that. My life revolves around my family, Sherlock. Blood or otherwise acquired. You left and before I had Gregory and his children John, in yet another one of his foolish acts of kindness, handed over his child who is to him more precious than gold. He placed her in my arms and trusted me, something you have never done. At least not in such explicit terms.”
Sure enough it was the layout of a blog with no posts made yet. Sherlock must have been working on the formatting all evening. It was a strangely tasteful mix of the color schemes from both of their blogs, the background is black with soft grey and green boxes. John noticed in the ‘about the author’ section Sherlock had put up separate pictures of them (John’s was his ID photo from work) and then simply put their names and links to their previous blogs.
“You’ll be able to post what you want and I can post the truth. Makes everything easier.” Sherlock shrugged and turned the computer back himself.
“Oh I’m working tomorrow for the doctor that covered Wednesday’s shift for me.” John explained over his shoulder. “Willa needs a babysitter.”
When Sherlock lived with them in John’s old house, after the explosion, he would often reach the nursery before John could manage to get out of bed. John had been content let the whole thing lie after he reassured Sherlock he didn’t have to care for the baby.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “It didn’t bother you that a whole crowd saw us. Why does my brother knowing matter?”
“Sherlock. Stop.” John pleaded pulling back his arm so Sherlock was forced to turn and look at him. “Jesus, thank you.”
Much of the furniture in John’s room was still the same as it had been when it was Sherlock’s. Actually, everything but the mattress and the bedding was the same. Given the fact that the flat had been rearranged several times over the last few years this surprised Sherlock, though perhaps it shouldn’t have given that John was always one for sentiment in the oddest places.
Instead Sherlock did a very un-him thing and clung to the hope, however small, that the body lying in the morgue wasn’t Willa Louise Watson. That it wasn’t a little girl who had, less than twenty-four hours ago, happily told anyone who would listen that he was going to be her Papa. He allowed himself this irrational hope because without it he knew he’d be no better off than John was.
Irene was still in his chair watching them argue like it was a sporting event. Lestrade was in the corner looking for all the world like he wanted to just slip out the door but didn’t trust that John and Sherlock wouldn’t try and kill one another.
Sherlock nodded. “Scotland Yard believes there’s foul play involved and it’s apparently interesting to my brother because he asked Lestrade to look into it.”
“Have I missed something?” He asked when John put a plate of eggs and bacon at what had become Sherlock’s seat.
