“Morning,” Steve said in greeting.  His hair was slightly damp with sweat and his face was flushed with patches of red from the exertion of the run.  Tony watched him hold the half-full bottle of water against his forehead for a moment before he went back to drinking it and seriously considered how his life got to the point where he was jealous of a Dasani.
“I think I might literally die if you don’t,” Tony murmured.  He took one of Steve’s hands and moved it between them, pushing it down over his full, flushed cock. Steve wrapped his hand around it, reveling in the girth and smooth, tight skin in his hand.
“A mock-up,” Stark said.  “Real thing’s a lot more complicated.  Proprietary, though.  You know how it is.”
“Your issues with Howard are hardly, ah, rubbish, Tony.  And, you idealized your father long before you hated him,” Jarvis reminded him, walking over to stand next to Tony at his workstation.  “You know, when you were little, we didn’t have to put those little covers on the electrical outlets.  I explained about electricity and conductivity.  You understood that it was something that could hurt you, so you left it alone.  Always such a bright child.  Incredible, really.”
“He always seemed to like ‘em real hot and flashy, you know? Models, actors, that kind of thing,” Brock said.
“There’s Happy,” Tony said, nodding towards the car pulling up in front of them.  Luckily, Happy had gone for subtle today and driven the Rolls, Tony thought with a sigh.  “After you,” he said, waving Happy off from hopping out to open the door.
“Tony, the building is something like a hundred years old.  It was not designed for Ethernet cables.  I’m working on it.  It, and about three dozen other things.  Since last night.  At this point, I’ll sign over my entire shoe collection if Steve will agree to move to the Tower,” Pepper offered.
You couldn’t ask for things, but sometimes, the spirits gave boons, if you honored them properly.  A good hunt. Just the right piece of flint. A berry bush laden with fruit. The Great Bear herself had given the man to Anto, hadn’t she?  That had to mean something. Jhrvis thought it meant something. Maybe this was why. Maybe the man would take Anto with him when he left. Maybe he would teach Anto his words and bring him to his hearth.  That thought sent a warm shiver up his back, though he knew it wasn’t likely the man wanted to bring home an Omega, and certainly not one like Anto.
“Bear with me, because I know this is crazy, but it’s almost like if you love someone, then their life is interesting to you, even if you don’t seem to have much in common,” Tony said, giving Steve a shrewd, assessing look.
“Sure thing, Cap.  Won’t be a problem,” Tony told him.  Actually, that would make the whole blind date thing a lot easier to pull off, really, Tony thought.  He dutifully ignored the small stab of disappointment that curled in his chest.  “How about Sunday afternoon instead?”
“Admittedly, not my finest moment,” Tony replied in a tight, clipped tone.  “You might have noticed that we’re down a couple of heavy hitters.  Whatever’s coming, whatever’s out there…we’re not ready.  Hell, we’re not
Tony worried about the company, about the new direction he wanted to take it in, and Steve may have absolutely zero knowledge of corporate transitions, but he knew about feeling responsible and having to make choices that were going to affect people who depended on you.  Which was exactly the kind of circular thinking that got back to Bucky’s point.  He was all his mom had, and he couldn’t forget that this thing with Tony was ultimately a transaction.  Tony wanted him, not his problems.  Sure, Tony would talk to him and laugh with him and argue over just about anything with him, which Steve swore sometimes was only for Tony to see if he could get a rise out of Steve, but at the end of the night, Tony wanted Steve in his bed.  That fact that Steve enjoyed being there was something he should probably be thankful for, but it seemed to just complicate matters all the more each time Ms. Romanov handed him that fat envelope of cash.
His cock was leaking already, and he had barely even started.  How much longer would Tony be? He strained his head up a bit. Tony was bent over the desk, quill in hand, completely engrossed in reading one of the letters.  Steve’s head dropped back down, staring fixedly at the canopy overhead. Tony wasn’t even watching him. He wasn’t even
“Come on, Nick, you’ve seen him.  I know you keep tabs,” Tony pointed out.  “That therapist SHIELD so helpfully provided?  Convenient, Nick.”
“Look at me,” Tony said softly.  Steve stopped staring at the light fixture and let his eyes drop to Tony’s.  “This is only good for me if it’s good for you, okay?  What I like--more than anything, what I like--is making sure my partner is having a good time.  Are you having a good time?”
Steve had a beard again, like the first time Tony saw him, back when he was still Anto and Steve was simply the Other. A Stranger who came into his life and changed everything. Tony liked Steve’s smooth cheeks, so different from Alphas of the Clan, but he loved the beard on Steve, maybe because it was so familiar to him.
Long, white stripes of thick fluid coated his hand, shirt and pants and leaked onto the sheet.  A wet, sticky pool had soaked through his briefs into his pants.  He looked down at himself. Even in the low light, he could see that he was a complete mess.    Gingerly, he forced his shaking legs to swing over the side of the bed.  He pushed his undone pants down and kicked them off, then shrugged out of his jacket and shirt, sitting naked on the bed.
would stand against it, this much I know, my soldier.  I could almost believe that would be enough.”
Tony absently traced his finger over Steve’s chest.  He could feel the flat disc of the amulet between them.  He liked that for some reason. He drifted. Not sleeping exactly, but not entirely awake.  He wasn’t sure how to describe it. It was good, though. Steve kept touching him. Soft, slow strokes over his skin.  It was soothing, the touch. Steve’s scent. He could smell Steve all over himself now. He’d have to wash, but maybe not all of it.  He would take his medicine, just while they were traveling. When they got to Steve’s home, he would stop. Maybe the Mother would grant him a baby from Steve’s essence.  He would make sure they honored her a lot during the trip, he decided. Or maybe it was spirits that mixed, the way the Clan said. He would be good for Steve, and maybe Steve’s spirit would conquer his, and there would be a child of Steve’s spirit, with Steve’s hair and water-eyes.  Tony would like that.
Tony could hear his own heartbeat filling his ears in a rush of pounding he could feel in his throat.  His chest was tight, prickling with pinpoints of sensation, and Tony realized he’d forgotten to breathe.  He sucked in a gulp of air, and opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out, just a soft, breathy oh-sound that got partially stuck in his throat.  This is what they mean by weak in the knees, Tony thought to himself.  This blissful, draining feeling.  His mouth was dry.  He seemed to be able to breathe or swallow, and not both, so he chose air, but it burned its way through his chest when he drew in a deep breath.  There was a sick, queasy feeling low in his stomach, and he could feel himself clenching up, trying to stop what was happening.
“I got twenty bucks against Nat that you go off script and give one of your little speeches. She says you’re going to clam up, and Stark’s going to talk all over you because he’s, like, some kind of narcissist or has a personality disorder or whatever, but anyway, he likes the sound of his own voice too much,” Bucky said.  “Since I don’t have twenty bucks, could ya do me a solid?”
“Vikings, huh?” Steve said after a moment.  “Kind of nice that even that long ago, they were looking up at the same stars.  Guess some things don’t change.”
. Tell me, that is not what I think it is,” Rhodey huffed out, shaking his head and making a low, whistling sound.
“How’d someone like you end up in a place like that?” Steve countered as their first course arrived.  Cannelloni and avocado with Scottish salmon in some kind of cream sauce, according to the waiter.  Steve glanced over at Tony and raised an eyebrow.  “Scottish salmon?  Tell me you’re not imagining them in little kilts.”
That much was true, Steve thought with a grimace. Even Steve, in his state, had noticed the tenor of the crowds.  He wasn’t sure what to make of the fascination, but he couldn’t deny it.  Throngs of people had come to see them off, which probably wasn’t all that unusual, given that the King was leaving the city for a trip that would take several months, but Steve had been surprised by the level of interest there was in him.  He wasn’t sure what it meant for Tony.  For what would come. He let his eyes fall closed and bit the inside of his cheek as the carriage bounced slightly and his whole body lit up in pain and something so close to pleasure, he couldn’t name it with any certainty. He couldn’t think about Tony now. He couldn’t think about anything.  He seemed only capable of feeling, and even that was threateningly close to overwhelming.  He opened his eyes and sucked in a sharp breath, tried to swallow and ended up having to stifle a groan as the carriage trundled around a bend in the road.
“I bought a company today because the guy there was mean to you, so.  Yeah, I’m—having the feelings,” Tony replied, the words wobbling a bit on the end.
“I’m here for you,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice steady even as the words nearly choked him. He meant it.  God help him, he meant it, and he was going to get a fat envelope of cash from Romanoff, and he had never loathed anything more than himself right then, when he knelt here and told Tony how he felt and knew he was going to take the money.  “For you, Tony.”
“Why are you here, Tony?” Steve asked again, standing up.  Tony stood up, too, brushing past Steve and walking over to the bed.   A candle burned on the table next to it, and as Steve watched, Tony passed a hand over the flame.  Held his palm there for a beat, then flexed it and let his hand drop to his side.
“Bruce is back,” Natasha said, nodding her head to the man slowing sitting up.  “Don’t ask,” she told him, as Bruce held up his watermelon-coated hands.
“What I’m saying,” Steve said, sucking in a breath and cutting Tony off, “is that I spent one night with you doing your damnedest to be someone you’re not, and I still know that you’re worth chasing, Tony Stark,” Steve told him.  “You laughed when I said I painted the truth, but I painted what I saw.  You. Or, as close to what I saw as I could get.  You think you can’t be the person in the painting?  I’m telling you, you’re already so much more.”
Jesus Christ, Steve thought, trying to swallow past the lump in his throat.  What the hell was Tony playing at? Doing that with---at his age—with some stranger who just happens to stumble into the room?  Who could be anyone? Who could…could just…take advantage? Steve wanted to tell him to stop. Quit playing or—or joking or whatever he was doing.  He couldn’t seem to get any words out though, so he just stared, realizing at some point that his mouth was hanging open and snapped it shut.
“Big reveal.  Bit of showmanship. I get it,” Tony nodded absently.  “Guess we should get ready for dinner.”
“My heir will rule one day. All of these lands, these people, they will be in his or her hands,” Tony continued, his eyes on Steve, a thread of something almost urgent setting a slight tremor in his voice.  “What manner of leader do you imagine they could become, raised from childhood to understand such a responsibility? With love, guidance, an education, an...appreciation for all peoples they one day rule.”
“One suspect neutralized.  Target is secure,” the redhead said, glancing quickly at Tony and pressing a finger to her ear.  “What’s the status of the strike team?” she asked, then paused while whoever it was relayed an answer.  “They have Batroc,” she told Fury.
old. “They showed repeats on Saturday mornings. All these crazy inventions and gadgets. It was so cool!” Tony remembered with a fond grin, catching the small twitch of Steve's mouth at that. “I mean, uh, I liked it. When I was a kid, you know. Rosie, man, she was the bomb. This sort of maid-bot thing that did all this neat stuff. Kinda—kinda the inspiration for, well, some ideas I had,” Tony finished awkwardly.
“Technically, that’s probably what a deserter would say,” the King remarked idly.  Steve clamped his jaw together so hard he thought he could feel his teeth grind together and shot a glare at the King before he realized what he was doing.  The King grinned, wide and full, looking for all the world like he was delighted.  “God, you make it so easy to get a rise out of you.  And such a pleasure, too.  To get a
, he recalled, remembering Tony’s voice harsh and cold.  Maybe…it still didn’t make sense, Steve thought, shaking his head.  But Bucky sure seemed certain of it, and he’d always been far better at reading people as far as anything remotely like that would go.  And it was such a tempting thing to believe…Steve turned the idea over in his mind.
The stars had seemed so close out there, in the desert.   Like he could touch them if climbed to the top of the mountain.    North, Yinsen had said.  Go north. That’s where your people will be looking for you, Stark.
“Why did I marry the one person who pays attention to me?  It’s really annoying,” Tony grumbled.  “Yes, okay, Howard and I, we had our…differences.  I mean, you’d think, he and I, it’d be great, right?  I don’t know, he was busy, I was obnoxious, mom was overwhelmed.  Never really seemed to connect, for whatever reason.  Shipped me off to boarding school as soon as I was old enough, then paid them a lot of money to take me back when I acted like me. Probably for the best, to tell you the truth,” Tony shrugged.  “I did, eventually, grow up, despite what you might have heard.  We even managed the occasional holiday discourse when not studiously ignoring each other right up until he died, like we knew, if we moved past the weather and his golf game, it was mutually assured destruction.  No yelling.  No blow-ups.  Everyone was calm.  Polite.  We had the quietest house you can imagine. Worked great.”
“Oh.  Oh, Tony,” Steve breathed out as he worked his hand up and down Tony’s cock, spreading the pre-cum around to ease the friction.
“Good,” Tony said, sitting back and admiring his handiwork.  “That’s good, Steve.  You’re so beautiful for me,” he sighed, looking almost wistful.  “I’m going to fuck you now.”
Tony pushed himself up to a sitting position, then slung a leg over Steve’s outstretched thighs and crawled into his lap.  He reached down and tugged the knot of fabric until it fell open, the wrap loosening and slipping off his hips.  Offering himself.  Opening himself.  Giving himself to Steve, fully and completely.  Steve belonged to him, and he belonged to Steve.  The universe knew it.  It tore apart space and time to bring them together, after all.  You just needed the right way to see it.
Shifting on the bed, Steve skated his fingers over his chest, dragging his hands across his nipples.  Oh, he nearly exclaimed out loud, catching the word just as it was about to leave his lips and instead letting out a punch of air. It wasn’t the same as when Tony touched his nipples, but it still sent a thrill of need all the way down to his cockhead.  He tried again, rubbing harder at them, and yeah, that was
“I—we,“ Tony started dumbly, his whole body vibrating, heart banging out a rhythm in his chest, filling his ears with pounding.  “We’re not dating,” he blurted out, then winced as Steve’s whole body seemed to deflate, losing whatever energy had been momentarily animating him.  “I mean, we’re not actually dating, but…but, I want to.  I would.  With the dating,” Tony stammered quickly.
“Good,” Tony husked out, voice rough and low.  I did that, Steve thought, and felt a surge of something like power.  “What shall I do with you, hmmm?”
“Just to be with you,” Tony finished for him, making Steve huff out a breath of air and look down and away.  “I can, actually.  Now.  You have work tomorrow.  Bed,” Tony said, pushing himself off the wall and peering inside the doorway.
feel something. Not pain, not exactly, but...something broke inside of him, and for a moment, he felt like he was being pulled apart, like the wings plucked off a bug.  An emptiness, deep and heavy, settled over him, and then was gone.  An unnatural blue light filled Steve’s vision, and he staggered backwards.  It was over, he realized, though he wasn’t sure how he knew. He just knew.  It was truly over.
It was a ridiculous thought. The man was waiting for Steve to remember his manners, that was all. Steve shook his head, trying to wipe away the wispy cobweb of thoughts that filled his mind. It was the storm, he told himself, and the man’s sudden appearance when almost nothing surprising ever happened, that was all it was.
“I think your company’s just about right. Don’t you, Ty?” Preston said with a slight smirk, mouth pursing like he was considering something.
But sometimes…sometimes, when he was with Steve, it was so close to being believable that he forgot it wasn’t.  His mind started replaying the months since SHIELD had fallen and Steve, Natasha and Clint had shown up on his doorstep like the world’s most deadly band of homeless kittens.  He and Steve hadn’t really had much to do with each other in the beginning.  Sort of a carefully orchestrated dance of polite distance at first.  They had been busy enough, cleaning up the mess that was the downfall of a massive renegade spy network infiltrated by Nazi henchmen, and, with time, working together slowly led to a camaraderie, if not quite friendship.
“Jarvis—“ Tony started, scraping a hand through his hair. “I’m not—“ He stopped.  Let himself hear Jarvis’s words.  He wasn’t what?  Wasn’t wrong?  Wasn’t making this a choice where he had to lose something?  He didn’t know.  Up was down, right was left, none of it made sense, but Jarvis wouldn’t lie to him, and Steve gave him the robot they burned.  He wanted to believe that meant something.  “Okay.  Okay, so…how do I not do that, then?  How do I look at it with your super-special viewer thing where this isn’t the worst possible way of getting everything I didn’t know I wanted?  Because, I have to tell you, J, I could kind of use that right about now.”
There was pain there, Tony could hear it in Steve’s voice.  Pain and betrayal, all aimed at Tony with the force of a blow.  It made the blood pound, thick and heavy in his chest, like he could feel the spikes of shrapnel tearing through his veins.  Steve was lashing out, because he hurt, because he had lost people, and some part of Tony understood that was only fair, but it still hurt.  Well, truth hurts, doesn’t it, Tony thought, tasting bile as he tried to swallow. He cleared his throat and kept his gaze locked on Steve. Okay, they were doing this. At least Steve was still here.  That was something.
“No, no, it’s true, I swear,” Steve said, shaking his head and feeling a wistful smile form.  “The stalks would make a sort of breaking sound.  It scared her when she was little, so her father told her it was just the fairies, come to do their magic so they would have a good crop by spring, and you knew it was them because they’d leave circles behind in the stalks.  Great big ones in all kinds of patterns, but her father said not to be afraid because that was their way of telling the other fairies they’d already taken care of these crops.  I always liked listening to her tell that story.”
“Tony,” Steve said, reaching out a hand to snag Tony’s upper arm as he would have passed.  “Wait.  Please, I—can you just give me a damn moment to get my feet under me here?” Steve ground out as Tony tried, unsuccessfully, to tug his arm free.  “I barely see you for over a month.  And now, you show up on my wedding night, spouting some ancient law and offering to—to—with me…as if you were suggesting we spar if I cared to?  What
“So, spill it, Dobby.  If no one’s pissed at me and you’re not here to make sure I’m eating my veggies, what brings you to the Cabin In the Middle of Nowhere? Master give you a sock?” Tony asked, tilting his head to one side with a grin.
“So, you’re saying you don’t think it is good for a relationship if one partner uses the other partner’s moment of emotional vulnerability to his or her advantage to get what they want?”  Steve asked evenly.
Except that he hadn’t slept last night. His head had been way too full of memories that he hadn’t let himself think about in years, and on the other side of it this morning, the idea of Steve just dropping off a stack of papers at the Tower’s lobby desk, making nice with the receptionist, and everything being neat and tidy and
“Oh, are you speaking to me again?  Well, we’re going to class,” Tony replied nonchalantly.  “Did you miss the part about me not spending another minute away from you.  Granted, that…sounds more threatening than I mean, but work with me here.”
He looked up at Steve then, going still, eyes wide for a moment before his face shuttered and he was motioning someone forward. Steve turned in time to see two servants come into the room bearing trays laden with food and a flagon of what Steve assumed was the requested wine.
“Oh,” Steve, who had not heard of Happy Hogan, replied.  “Nice to meet you. Thanks for the lift,” he added, unsure of what else to say.  Do you do this kind of thing for Stark pretty often, he wanted to ask, but that seemed a bit on the nose.
“If that’s what you want,” Rogers said with a slight frown.  “I thought you might be more comfortable with your folks,” he continued, watching Tony while Tony fidgeted with the dog tags, unsure if he should pocket them or wear them or what.  Was there a protocol for this?  Everything was happening too quickly, and nothing was happening fast enough, like the whole world around him was out of equilibrium.  “But, I—I, ah, have a place.  Outside the base.  Up near Big Bear.  There’s a lake.  Mountains.  Good hiking, fishing, that kind of thing.”
Fighting stance, Anto recognized.  He’s going to fight them. Why? Stupid, stupid man.  What was he doing? He was going to get himself killed, that was what he was doing.  There were five of them and one of him, and they had weapons, and Steve didn’t. They were going to kill him.  They were going to kill him and make Anto watch, he realized, watching as Tyber’s gaze found him across the clearing.  This was his punishment, Anto suddenly understood. Steve was going to die because of him.
“If you’ll, ah, if you’ll just—just sit.  Sit down. Listen. Please. Let me…let me explain. That’s all I’m asking,” Tony tried, rather proud of how steady his voice sounded given the way his whole body seemed to want to shake apart if he stopped long enough to let it.  “Then, if you’re done with—with all this, I get it, okay?” he finished with a wince, his shoulder sagging with defeat.
“Okay, that…literally is precisely what worries me, so,” Tony said.  “I’m knee-deep in a federal counter-terror investigation, and my chauffeur thinks he’s Dirty Harry.  Christ,” Tony sighed, shaking his head.  “Keep that thing in the glove compartment, would you?  We do not need to add How to Get Away With Murder to our playlist this week, okay? I’m coming in.  If anyone followed us—”
“Of course not.  Definitely don’t double check that when you get your phone out of time out, though,” Bucky replied.  “Anyway, sorry to interrupt your canoodling—”
He glanced over his shoulder where Tony and Cam were watching him, then walked back to the center of the mat.  It wasn’t long before Rhodes returned, this time with a line of men filing in behind him.  Strong, young, eager soldiers, all of them, Steve thought.  Clearly looking forward to the chance to display their skills before their King.  He gripped the straps of the shield, felt the familiar rub of leather against his hand and arm.
“What of you?  I hear Lord Sitwell saved you from the fighting pits,” Kadina remarked.  “An untrained concubine for the King. Zola must have truly been desperate.  He was most displeased when the King became so taken with you.  Our illustrious harem Master does not care for the unexpected, and you…you are most unexpected, King’s Prize.”
“I know you are,” Barnes replied.  “Let him make it easier.  He’s not going to think less of you, Steve.  You don’t always have to be the one who rescues him.”
“Ah. No. Go ahead.”  He expected her to pat him down or pull one of those wands out from...somewhere, but she did neither, just pulled out her phone--a sleek, silver Starkphone that looked far fancier than Steve’s ancient Samsung--and held it up in his direction for a moment, then nodded, apparently satisfied.
“Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty,” Natasha said with a half-smile.  “He’s fine,” she said quickly, when Steve looked to his side, saw the empty bed and started to get up. “Really. He’s fine,” she reiterated.  “Woke up about an hour ago. The nanovirus is completely out of his system.  Scans are all clear. Bit of an electrolyte imbalance and some strange seratonin levels, but nothing that a bit of rest and real food won’t clear up.”
“Here,” Steve urged, handing Tony the pouch of stew and packet of crackers.  “Try to eat.  It’ll help.”
The thought pounded through his head.  They needed to know that Tony was his. It was important, though Steve couldn’t say why, exactly, or even who they were—everyone, he supposed--but the thought itched under his skin, making the back of his heck crawl with unease.  He patted at his pockets and for a moment, considered one of his medals, then remembered he did have something he could use, at least until he got Tony a proper ring. He opened the collar of his jacket, watching Tony’s eyes go momentarily wide as Steve dug his dog tags out from under his shirt.
“I am yours. Always,” Steve vowed as Tony’s gaze searched his face. “You deserve so much more that what I am, but I am yours, my King. All that I am is yours.” Steve wasn’t sure what answer Tony was looking for, but he must have found it, because he leaned down and pressed his mouth to Steve’s, hard and fierce, with none of the delicacy or practice of earlier.
“Better?” Steve asked.  Tony nodded. “Ready to go?” Tony nodded again.  Steve started to close the door, but Tony reached out and laid his hand on Steve’s arm, stopping him.
“I’m glad I’m back, too.  I missed you, Tony,” Steve said, looking out the window. It was dark enough that Tony could catch Steve’s reflection in the glass.  A slight frown.   Brow pulled together.  Tense.  But, when he actually turned to look at Tony, that all seemed to melt away, making Tony’s breath catch in his throat with a click before he plastered his eyes back to the road.  Quiet, Tony thought, wondering again what that meant to Steve.
Underneath the check was the small drawing he had begun of the Grand Canyon.  He never finished it, but he thought there was something appropriate about that.  They were, each of them and together, a work in progress.  Maybe everyone was.  Maybe that was the point.
Tony made a dubious noise, then moved to seat himself between Steve’s legs, though instead of doing anything Steve expected, just leaned over and nuzzled at Steve’s stomach, breathing in deeply.  He placed quick, featherlight kisses down the sparse trail of hair leading to Steve’s cock, then a lingering kiss just at the base before taking Steve’s cock in hand.  His hand was slick with lube, which Steve figured was a trick worthy of one of the Strip’s magician acts, but he didn’t question it.  A few firm strokes, Tony’s firm fingers pressing just under Steve’s balls, Steve was back to writhing fitfully on the bed and making obscene noises that he probably would have been embarrassed about if he still possessed the wherewithal to think clearly.  Or care.  He was fairly sure his toes actually curled.
“Oh, God,” Pepper moaned, rubbing a hand over her forehead.  “I mean, it was all romantic sounding on the phone, and now it’s just...horrible and depressing and…”  she trailed off, throwing a limp arm in the air as she stutter-stepped into the room.
Steve was looking down at him with that expression Tony was beginning to think of as something reserved for him alone, this gentle, delighted awed look that made Tony’s stomach play Twister.
He checked his reflection in the mirror and adjusted his tie, then smoothed down the soft fabric of the jacket.  It was entirely possible this suit cost more than he had ever had in his bank account at once in his life.  He figured he was probably doomed to spill something on it.
“You can’t tell me.  Fine.  That’s—fine,” Tony ground out, his tone suffused in bitterness, because it wasn’t even remotely fine, but there wasn’t much he could do about it.  “I get it.  It’s, what?  Need to know?  Guess I don’t need to know, just being your Bonded mate and all.  So. Fine.  I’m not going to bug you about it.  You don’t need that on top of everything else.  I am, however, going to figure it out.  Eventually.  Fair warning and all.  You know I will.  I think a part of you wants me to, anyway.  You have all the subterfuge finesse of Austin Powers.”
“That’s…wildly specific.  Anyway, good.  ‘Cause I already kind of told him yes.  And gave him my email. And phone number. And set up Skype,” Tony continued.  “And got an ID and password so I can log-on to the LIGO research team forum.   And got on the mailing list for the Caltech Astronomy and Physics Departments. Technically, he didn’t give me that last one, but I feel he would want me to have it.”
“Oh my God, you did that whole spiel just to do that, didn’t you?”  Tony demanded, grinning widely.  Jim rolled his eyes and waggled his head back and forth, trying not to smile. “We’re going to get along so well.”
“Lord Stone is quite good,” Tony admitted gamely, “though, I have had the good fortune to see a warrior who I believe would be more than a match for Lord Stone.  What say you, Rhodey?” Steve blinked in surprise and looked over at Rhodes, waiting to see how he would respond.
Shellhead nodded, almost solemnly, Steve thought, and he figured his friend probably did a lot of that, being alone for however long  he was alone before Steve rather dramatically fell into his life.
“Do you want this?” Tony heard himself say in a shaky, breathy tone that grated like nails on a blackboard.  “Me.  To be your Omega, I mean.”
“Will you buy your freedom one day?” Steve asked through a tight voice that seemed to want to wait for his mind to catch up before it let the words out.  Could he do that?  He hadn’t even considered that it was possible, and yet, they spoke of it as a common thing.  Tony had gifted him with more than he knew what to do with.  Was it enough?  He had no idea what Sitwell paid for him, though he couldn’t imagine it would have been much to take him off Rumlow’s hands at that point.  Could he simply save the items Tony gifted him with and one day repay Tony’s coffers for whatever amount was owed?  Was it really that simple?
It was one thing to go walking about in your sleep. People did that. Children, mostly, sure, and his mother said he was awful about it for a while there after his father died, but it happened. Even with adults, though that was a whole different matter, wasn’t it? But, at least he had at least
Heat dripped into Tony’s belly as if poured through a sieve.  A burgeoning pressure came behind it in little waves that lapped against the inside of his stomach, then dipped lower.  Steve’s cock, already hard and full, rubbed against his own.  The friction hurt and felt good, making his vision white out for a moment while his brain tried to decide how to handle the dueling impulses.  His muscles went loose, quivering a bit at the sudden sensation.  A warm rush of slick coated his ass and the tops of his thighs.  Steve’s nostrils flared.  Blotches of red dotted over his skin.  Tony licked his lips and watched Steve’s eyes follow the motion.
“Almost there, Tony,” Helicarrier Steve warned, pulling his cock out to drag the head along Tony’s lips, which opened eagerly as he thrust back down Tony’s throat. “Oh.  Oh, yeah, just like that, Tony.  So good for me.  Should I—do you want me to come in your mouth?” Steve asked, almost like it was just the polite thing to do.  He wiped a leather-clad thumb at the side of Tony’s eyes, then traced the line of wetness down Tony’s cheek with an odd sort of gentleness.  “You’re so perfect like this, Tony.   So beautiful.  Are you sure this is okay?” he asked again.  Tony mewled, a soft, pleading sound. “Okay. Okay, almost there, almost there, almost there,” he chanted, then pulled out and pushed back in one more time, bottoming out while Tony’s throat convulsed around his cock.   Steve’s mouth made a wide, almost surprised oh, and then he groaned, low and deep, and Tony was coughing and sputtering beneath him as come and spit seeped out of the edges of his mouth.
“So, you like…doing this?” Steve asked.  He blinked and looked back at the canvas to steady himself.  Focus, he told himself. Kirk’s hand refused to lay correctly.  The fingers were too chunky.  Like sausages. Kirk’s were long, elegant.  Piano-hands, Steve’s Gran would have called them.  He wondered what they would feel like.
“Bruce’s attempt at a cure for--what was it, constipation?--anyway, it caused the unfortunate side effect of him rampaging through a perfectly good village up Lord Turnbury’s way,” Tony explained, though Steve could hear the amusement in his voice under the rebuke.  “Do you always test your concoctions on yourself? Hmmm. Of course, you do. No wonder you and Steve get along so well. You two should have much to talk about, what with your distressingly similar self-preservation instincts. Did a holy man and a glowing rock portend a great destiny for you, as well, by chance?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows as he glanced again back at Steve.
“Yeah, I was---wait...maybe I'd stay longer?” Tony said, pulling back to look up at Steve in question. “Steve...why do you think we got divorced?” Tony asked, pulling at the words with a disjointed sense of unreality. Steve's whole face shut down, going carefully blank again, before he disentangled himself from Tony and pushed off the loveseat.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Steve insisted as his jaw worked around the words.  Stubborn man, Tony thought, with a surprising surge of affection.
“There you are,” Bucky said in a disappointed voice as he walked out onto the balcony.  “You’re…painting,” he noticed, glancing down at the storage container and Steve’s t-shirt, which was smeared with a few streaks of paint.  “Well, I guess that’s something,” he shrugged, giving Steve a hard look for a moment.
“Of course.  Happy will get you wherever you need to go.  Jarvis will see to it.  If there…if there is anything else you need…” Tony responded, his voice oddly flat.
“Oh, I have a few things in mind for Steve,” the King replied, cocking his head and glancing over speculatively at Steve.
“I’ve heard the stories,” Steve affirmed.  He thought he saw Tony’s face contort for a fleeting moment, but it was gone before he could quite catch it.
“Purely recreationally,” Tony quipped.  “Look, it’s not my fault.  I said I’d bring lunch.  Steve agreed.”
“Um,” Steve replied, trying to come up with a guess in his head, since he figured that the size he bought for his mom’s funeral was probably not going to work at the moment.
“Tony, I don’t hate you. I could never hate you,” Steve replied. He reached out and stroked a hand down the side of Tony’s face, cupping his jaw and then tipping his chin up so Tony was forced to look at him. “I love you.  You know that, it’s just…”
Love, almost painfully blinding in its force, burst through him, slamming his heart against its metal cage.  So bright.  It’s so bright, he thought and looked right at it.
“Always fun. Hey, anyone want to ask the kids from grade school to join us? That should go perfectly with my day,” Tony breathed out, massaging his temples with one hand. “Well, send him up, I guess,” Tony instructed wearily, scrubbing his hand roughly over his face. He realized it was shaking and curled it into a fist in his lap, swallowing thickly.
Back in their chambers, someone had left the candles burning, casting a soft glow over the room.  Food had been set out, but Steve wasn’t hungry, and Tony seemed to have no interest either. Instead, as if by silent agreement, they undressed each other slowly, taking their time.  Steve was excited, as he always was by Tony’s touch, but this time felt different. As if they were sealing a pact, not with blood, but something deeper, and maybe that was exactly what they were doing.
They had dined under a tent, lounging on huge, feather-filled pillows and a carpet woven of white lilies, with the fountain burbling in the background, as they traded a cup of wine and stories of their childhoods, so seemingly different and yet, each able to pick up the thread whenever the other’s story unwound.  All the while surrounded by great birds with long, sweeping tails of blues and greens that Steve could barely even comprehend, striped horses who grazed on the lawn and drank from the fountains, golden-crested monkeys that shouted at them from the treetops, and soft-coated deer with eyes like black orbs that took pieces of carrot from his hand.  All manner of creatures for the King’s amusement, Steve recalled with a bitter twist of his stomach, all safe and cared for behind the King’s walls.
“Man, just take the coffee and run.  Stark normally only disavows his coffee if a virgin buries a potato on a hill under a full moon,” Clint muttered, scooting off the stool to grab a mug off the counter.  “Get it while you can.”
Tony returned sometime much later. Steve woke at the door opening, and heard him whisper to wake Cam and send the boy back to his room.  He felt the bed dip as Tony sat on the edge to pull off his boots and watched Tony’s shadowed form as he disrobed in the firelight. Finally, Tony crawled under the covers next to Steve and wrapped an arm around Steve’s stomach.
“I need him, too,” Tony blurted out without really meaning to.  He’d always found himself saying things to her that he hadn’t intended to say, though, so the feeling of being off-kilter, of being accidentally
Tony reclined his head against the back of the seat and let out a hiss of air.  He brought a hand up to rub at his temples.  He hadn’t realized how tense he was until it subsided, like someone had turned the pressure valve to open and he could finally breathe again without the hitching tightness in his chest.  His eyes drifted shut for a moment, then he lifted his head and pulled out his phone.
“Right.  Yes.  I did, I know, I shouldn’t have, but, well,” Steve stuttered, rubbing at the back of his head with his hand.  “Okay.  Obviously, this was crazy.  I don’t know what I was thinking.  I wasn’t thinking.  I was panicking, I guess, but that’s.  I mean, it’s not your problem, or it shouldn’t be, and I’m—I’m sorry, Kirk. Really, I am.  Just, you—you keep the money.  For your trouble.  Coming all the way here, or—or whatever.”
“Are you sure? I don’t mind waiting, really, it’s fine, if you don’t want—” Tony began, then stopped, and glanced around the room.  He could just leave. He could. He didn’t
The books were a distraction from where his mind wanted to focus, he was well aware.  He let his gaze travel, giving the room one more sweep before settling on the open closet, where lines of clothes still hung in their plastic with a paper bib over the group promising same day service if in by nine.
“Good for you, good for you.  Can’t work forever, am I right?” Stane said with a nod and a grin, then clapped Daniel on the shoulder and spun on his heel.  “Unless you’re this man, of course!  Howard, I half expected to find you in the lab! What’d Maria do to get you out?”
“Why can’t I find someone to buy a company and then shut it down to keep me in bed with them all day?” Clint asked plaintively.
“Well, good thing other people telling you what to do always goes so well,” Steve intoned evenly, eyebrows raised.
Pepper pressed her lips tightly together, clearly trying to contain a smile.  “So, genius, come up with something else.  He’s an artist, right?  What about a gallery opening or something?” Pepper suggested.  “Show him you’re interested in him.”
it hurt.  It shouldn’t.  He should have expected it.  Hell, he should probably appreciate it, if anything.  Would it have really been better to see Tony and then get handed a check and a thanks-for-a-nice-night?  Probably not.  Probably, that would have been worse.
“What?  No, no, I—the car’s great,” Tony corrected quickly.  Too quickly. “Really,” Tony assured him as Steve’s brows drew together.  “I meant that I haven’t been using it.  The car.  Not the mug.  I use the mug.”  I apparently don’t use words all that often, Tony thought to himself in frustration, sucking in a gulp of air.
He was shaking, quivering with pleasure, pressure building deep inside, behind his eyes, in his cock, on his skin, his whole body tightening with the force of it.   He dropped a hand down to wrap around his cock, giving it a few long, slow pulls.   He was close.  If Steve touched him, he’d probably come, but he wasn’t ready for that, not yet.  He wanted this to last, he thought, chasing the feeling of fullness as he slid up and down on Steve’s cock.
“It is about Cam,” Steve started.  “You took him for my assistant, but he was not.  Not then, anyway.”
Cam grinned and took his place on a cushioned ottoman by the dais.  “You are brave and strong, Your Highness. You have been trained by the finest knights since you were a boy.  You will show him.”
“Don’t know een—en--krebleh.  Steve need Omega. No want Tony,” Anto said. He looked down at his feet, his face burning with shame.  He didn’t want to have to say it, not again. It hurt too much.
He felt Steve’s hand, warm and hesitant, settle on his hip.  A rush of slick leaked out, dripping down from his exposed hole.  He couldn’t help it. Steve was near, and he had given the signal, and Anto wanted, desperately, he wanted.
“It wasn’t space,” Tony pointed out. “When you think about it, I showed restraint. Hey, maybe some kind of vibranium restraint for Bruce, do you think—no, no, you’re right, I’m sure it’ll be fine—“ Tony rushed out when Steve rolled his eyes and flopped back on the stack of pillows at the head of the bed. “Sorry,” Tony winced. “I’ll apologize to Bruce. Again. I might have overreacted. A tad. Shocking, I know,” Tony snorted in disgust, running a hand through his sleep-messy hair. “Sorry,” he said again, looking down at his toes. “For the—“ Tony started, waving a hand at the armors.
Exhaustion seeped into Tony’s skin and sank down into his bones.  He was so, so tired.  The water had dulled to lukewarm.  His head was resting on Steve’s shoulder, as Steve’s motions with the washcloth slowed.  He felt Steve shift a bit, and a moment later, heard the gurgle of water as the tub drained.  A fluffy towel was wrapped around his shoulders and back, and then he was lifted out of the tub.  It all happened in a pleasant, half-asleep, warm haze.  Steve helped him get what Tony assumed was a Steve-approved pair of boxers on, then tucked him under the comforter.
“I used to do a lot of sketching,” Steve told him. “But, I haven’t...for a while. Paints were expensive, so I didn’t, at least until, ah, recently, I didn’t do much of that. The painting is...it’s supposed to help--to help, ah…”
Tony himself was already heading through the roof’s door and down the stairs to the suite below, so Steve followed, trying to ignore the pit of uncertainty that gnawed at his gut.  It was late now, though Steve wasn’t entirely sure exactly what time it was.  The Strip still glowed with activity, but that didn’t mean much.
“It appears someone hacked my system and deleted all records relating to you,” she explained.  “I have outstanding security protocols.  That should not have happened.  That’s what I mean about the power dynamics, Steve.  Stark…Stark is too big to fail, see?  Not much I can do to get at him.  Even if I had anything, the politicos and power brokers would just circle the wagons.  He’s one of them, after all.  On the other hand…what do you suppose would happen if you casually mention one day that you don’t think you’re being treated just right by the agency?”
.  Something’s not quite right here. Like a fruit where the rot hasn’t reached the outside yet, but it felt wrong in your hand.  Tony could feel it. Tony could tell. Tony
“He apologized for overstepping.  He was trying to--to… I mean, we do, you and I, we do sort of… we depend on each other a lot… he was just...” Steve began, then trailed off when Bucky pulled a face.
“Yeah.  Yeah, that…that’s one way to put it,” Steve agreed, raising his eyebrows, then giving Tony a softer look, his voice going rough.  “But, then those guys jumped me, and I realized you were in trouble. I didn’t know what I was going to find when I got back here,” Steve told him in a harsh, scraping whisper.  “I ran through the lobby like a madman, and then got up here and that—that
Tony hadn’t seemed particularly excited about the shopping or the gala, for that matter, which surprised Steve a bit, if he were honest.  He thought Omegas liked that kind of thing?  Getting all dolled up and showing off a bit.  They
“When we were fishing, you said the we caught the only one who hadn’t seen a worm on a hook before,” Tony reminded him.  “Which got me thinking.”
“Uh, Pep. Hi, Pep.  It’s me.  I mean, I’m here.  Yeah.  I’m good.  Um, how are you?”  Tony stuttered, blinking as he looked rather bemusedly at his gauntleted hands.
The alien looked at him, pausing for a moment, and Tony could almost feel the slight mental probing around the edges of his mind.  “I understand this reference,” the alien said. “A fictional character of alien origin. You preferred the other one, the Captain.   James. Jim.”
One shield, an annoyed glare from Steve while he held it and they all watched to see what would happen and a modified ‘shrink ray’ later, Tony was studying Steve where he sat on the table in medical at the Tower in his undershirt, which swallowed him, and briefs, which, God bless America, didn’t.
It had always been hard to believe the good things.  They were doled out in such miserly portions and usually came with so many strings attached.  The bad things…the bad things, they hurt, sure.  But, they made sense.  They lacked the confusion that came on the heels of the good things.  There had to be some truth in the bad things, if even if his own father hated him, right?  There was a certain comfort in that, oddly enough.  The symmetry of it.
“Captain,” Agent Coulson said as he turned to match their stride.  “Director Fury is in his office.  Tony, good to see you again.  How’s the power transformer working out?”
Steve had missed him. Then. Years ago now, but there it was, fragile and hidden, like the paper it was written on, but unmistakably there. What did that mean? That Steve regretted things? That he wished he'd made a different choice? They had both been young and stupid, God knows. About a lot of things, and no reason their marriage got to be sacrosanct. Hell, Tony practically had Phone-a-Terrible-Decision as one of his lifelines, he'd made enough of them. He was probably projecting a tad too much onto two lines of battlefield introspection that Steve had never intended for him to read, but it was like a splinter caught in his teeth that he couldn't dig out,worrying at it until he couldn't think of anything else.
“Hey,”  Bucky said, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder and giving him a small shake.  “It’s not a problem.
Because, it all came back to them, somehow, didn’t it? Like he was some cracked and dust-covered reflection of them, and everything he did reminded them of it.  Made you look, his mind supplied in a sing-song voice.
For Steve, it’s only been a few weeks since he woke up in this time, Tony reminded himself.  Everyone he knows, save for Barnes, is dead or ancient and whatever life he was thinking about having is gone.  This isn’t a Steve who has discovered Thai food and Star Wars and other reasons to live.  This Steve hasn’t found a place here yet, but he thinks he can because he believes he already did.  How hard must it have been the first time when they’d all just let him ride off on his own while everyone else went back to someplace where they had people?  Tony and  Bruce, brothers in science, off to be brilliant together, Natasha and Clint back to SHIELD where they thought they had a family, Thor back to his place on Asgard…and Steve off to God only knows where, left to navigate a new world by himself.
“Steve,” Tony breathed out, swaying forward slightly.   Tony’s eyes were blown wide, dark pools of want flicking up and down over him, heating Steve’s skin like wisps of fire.   “Are you—do you—“ Tony stammered, then closed his mouth, one hand scrubbing over his face, like he could wipe away the words.  “God, you’re beautiful,” Tony rasped out, then seemed surprised by the sound of his voice, like he hadn’t meant to say it out loud.
“Not high. Not where it would be—shit.  Ice.  I should’ve thought of that. Ah, well, note to self.  Anyway, just a quick spin, nothing fancy,” Tony offered.  “Then, we could…doctors said it’s fine.  If you wanted.  I mean, we haven’t since…” he said, waving a hand in air.  “We could even—we could try again.  Not now, obviously.  But, one day.  I haven’t had a Heat up here since, well.  In a long time.  Could be, you know.  Kind of nice. I’m already a bit off-cycle with the tests and the timezones and all that, so…”
One was a standard ivory bar in a white and blue box that smelled like, well, soap.  Tony dropped that back in the bag and pulled out the next, a large, dark tan square wrapped in a wrapping of black and red swirls that claimed to smell of sandalwood.  The image of Steve sniffing soaps in the grocery aisle like some sort of clandestine cleaning mission made him chuckle.  The third though, that was…well, okay, that was actually kind of incredibly observant, Tony thought, looking down at his fingernails, which were wreathed in dark stains.  It was a dishwashing liquid, actually, but Tony knew from experience that it was the best at getting the engine oil and grease he used on the ‘bots off his hands.  Huh.
“I have to tell you, I did not see marrying Hot Disapproving Guy in my future,” Tony admitted with a smile.  He wrapped his hands around Steve’s waist and tugged his hips closer. “What you said before, back in the room, about not regretting the things that got you here?  Well. Me, too, okay? Whatever it took to get here—right here, this moment, right here—it was worth it.”
One minute, he’d been nodding approvingly at the blue canvas with the white stripe down the middle she insisted was abstract and the next—well, okay, maybe a tiny comment about how it looked like one of the roads in Mario Kart—he was agreeing to swing by the land that time forgot to pick up what was probably some 20-year old hipster’s attempt to be deep by sculpting his pseudo-dreads into handcuffs to symbolize an oppression little Tyler or Ethan probably felt very profoundly every time he pulled up his Twitter feed in the Starbucks while sipping his venti mocha Frappuccino.
“Can we desecrate childhood heroes afterward?  Rhodey said he had a G.I. Joe bedspread when he was little.  Let’s face it, those Joes were already a bit homoerotic.  We can work our way through the entire nineties oeuvre,” Tony said, raising his eyebrows and pulling a face.
“I—I do?” Tony said, though it came out sounding more like a question. “I’m not so great at long distance relationships.  Or short distance relations. But, anyway, forget that.  What I’m saying is, maybe we just…” Tony started, glancing quickly at Steve before looking away, chewing on his lip for a moment.  He twisted around in the back of the limo and leaned forward, one arm braced on his thigh, while he used his other hand to cover his mouth before he said something that was far too revealing and would probably send Steve running for the nearest exit.  “Maybe we don’t say anything.”
“You would send me to this place?” Steve asked, trying to picture it in his head, him and the likes of Kadina and Danen doddering around like relics well past their prime.  He shook his head.  It was a crazy idea, and yet, no, it had not occurred to him, nor had he thought to ask.  Zola’s threats clouded everything.  He couldn’t even get his mind to settle on how such a concept even fit in with his notions of this world.  A kindness? An obligation? To people who were your property?  Did such a place even exist, or was this some fantasy fed to Tony by those who did not want him to question what was underneath all the gilt and fancy baubles? Not that it mattered, of course.  Steve would be long gone by then, one way or the other, he reminded himself with a mental shake.
The traffic had thinned, Tony noticed, glancing out the window.  As they drove, the street widened to something more residential.  Cars plodded along.  Pint-sized soccer players watched a black and white ball roll towards a goal in a nearby park.  Two women jogged in tandem.  A dog wearing a Burberry collar and leash was taking a dump while a man holding a Starbucks cup in one hand and a plastic baggie in the other looked on with the resigned annoyance of someone being paid to pick up designer dog shit.
“Hi, Happy,” he called in greeting.  The other man just shrugged and opened the passenger side back door to the Maserati.  As he walked toward the car, he heard the building’s front door open behind him, and turned to see Bucky and a dark-haired, doe-eyed woman clamoring down the stairs, Bucky’s arm around the woman’s waist.
.  Damn it, just no, Tony thought with a frustrated grimace as he tried to even out his breathing, letting it out in a long, harsh hiss as they walked by a large table of women with faces frozen in various stages of Botox.  Not now.  Not here. He did not have time for this shit.  Almost involuntarily, Tony ran his free hand down over the center of his chest out of habit.  Beneath his shirt, he could trace the now-familiar hard shell of the reactor thrummed with power, keeping him alive.
By the time they made the limo, Tony had realized his mistake, but it was too late. Steve was red-faced, eyes wide, looking for the world like Bambi after someone made his mother their dinner. The things the photogs shouted at Tony to try to get a rise out of him for just the right terrible picture were old news, but probably no amount of warning could really have prepared Steve.
“Individually-guided cluster sub-munition,” Steve corrected with a teasing smile.  “Good.  I like your ideas.”
“You almost died. We were in the park. Just the park, just--and then you said we needed to take the fight to him, and I listened, God-damn it, I
The city finally came into view a week into their journey.  Buildings of heights Steve had never seen before jutted into the sky like giant spears, all raised in homage to the castle, which sat at the top of the hill in the center of the city, looking down on everything around it from a central tower with a banner the length of at least four of the wagons Steve was currently riding in hanging down the side, bold and bright in its red and gold, even at this distance.
“Sounds like you and your broomstick had more success than we’re having,” Steve grinned.  “I loved Will Rogers growing up.  Used to listen to him on The Gulf Headliners every Sunday. He’d get going and forget his time limit, and they’d just cut him right off, so he got this alarm clock to help him tell when it was about time to be done, and then they started calling it Will Rogers and His Famous Alarm Clock. He was so funny.  I’d laugh and laugh, until my mom turned it off so I wouldn’t start with one of my coughing fits.”
“The small one, yes. Janet and her friend from school, Michelle something or other. Howard wants to hire him. Vernon.  For that…project the Army wants him to work on,” Maria said, her features tightening around the words.  “He and Obie took Vernon off for a drive this morning, ostensibly to scout some land Howard is thinking about buying, but they want to talk up the company with him.  The hard sell,” she finished with an almost bitter-sounding laugh.  “They should be back any minute, in fact,” she said, glancing over her shoulder with a frown.
“Got some rest,” Steve told him. “Hey, ah. Thanks for… what you said. About… the, ah, the place. I know you arranged the credits and all. You didn’t need to do that.”
“Ms. Romanov…she told me about…about the money,” Steve managed, stumbling over his words because none of them sounded right.
“Yeah,” the younger one agreed.  “I’m sorry, Malcolm.  I didn’t mean to get us in trouble.  I thought it’d be easy, you know? I mean, look at him! He doesn’t
There was nothing to do save follow, so Steve did.  The bath was down a short, stone hallway, where the floor went from smoothly carved limestone to swirls of rich colored marble in deep gold veined with streaks of red, as if it had bled when cut from the quarry.  Pillars held torches around a circular bath set several steps off the ground and sunken into the middle of the chamber so it would end up being just over waist deep, Steve guessed.  It was covered in painted tiles in bold floral shapes that matched the tiled dome overhead and abutted a dry fountain that sprung from the wall.  A few moments after Tony turned a handle, the fountain sent a cascade of steaming water flowing in the tub, which then drained out a port in one side and down a chute into a pipe in the floor.
“Look, this was insane. I don’t even know what I was thinking. I never should have involved you in any of this. Pepper will get you a check and—“ Stark began.
“We really don’t,” Tony said, without looking up.  “Look, we never said anything about this being an exclusive thing.  I get it, okay?  This,” he waved his hand at the space between them, “is just a job.  It’s not like we’re going steady, so don’t sweat it.”  He was back to moving things about on the worktable, but with jerky, forceful movements instead of his usual careful grace.  “I overreacted.  My problem, not yours.  We’ll just pretend it never happened.  Go back to…what we had before. ”
“I’m dead.  I’ve died.  This is death. Everyone out of everyone would recommend it to friends,” Tony babbled.  “Sorry.  Sorry. Ignore me.  I don’t know what I’m—I can’t think when you—“
“Well.  It’s different with you,” Fury conceded grudgingly.  “Look…” he paused.  “We did the best we could.  This situation wasn’t exactly part of Shield’s plan.”
People turned, stared, grabbed for phones.  Steve was starting to get used to it, at least a bit.  Tony had his plastic smile plastered on his face, and was nodding along with Trisha while she explained how he could spend his money once they were done with dinner.
“I know,” Steve said.  He swallowed thickly, then looked up and returned Tony’s gaze.  “It’s alright, Tony.  Go.  I know you have all kinds of things to do, and Miss Potts will worry if you are late.”
“Nasha, Bucky, he…” Steve sighed, shaking his head. Tony looked over at his Alpha, his chest squeezing painfully at Steve’s words. He knew how much it pained Steve to talk about the friend he lost. “I’m sorry. I tried to keep him safe.”
“Okay, really?  Forget it.  Look, and pay attention, because this is going to be on the quiz.  I’m Tony Stark.  You heard that name somewhere between deciding on the Blue Raspberry for your Blue Goose?  Okay,” Tony said when the man nodded sluggishly.  “Going to need you to focus here, can you do that?”
“Thaddeus Ross,” Barnes told him.  “Goes by Thunderbolt, if that tells you anything. Because, I guess Thaddeus didn’t make him quite sound enough like the total pretentious douche that he is.”
“Speaking of Perry Mason, Matt is meeting us there,” Tony said, drawing two equally surprised looks.  “What?  This is a legal thing.  You need a lawyer.”
“You give me the finest gift in all the world, my dearest one,” Tony said in low, husky voice.   “Would that I could match it with what you want of me.  Perhaps one day,” he said tightly, looking away.  “Perhaps it will be different.”
, for fuck’s sake.  God, he’d screwed that up.  That whole conversation had been spectacularly awful.  He could fix it, though. Maybe. Maybe there were some magic words he could say, something he could offer, do…something…anything. Anyway, it didn’t matter, because Steve had come back, and that meant a second chance, maybe, Tony thought, scooting forward on the sofa.
Peggy, God, he knew how much this would have hurt her, this hindsight she had unknowingly cultivated for herself.  Had she reached out to Tony over the years, when she saw him struggling?  Tony had never mentioned it, but Tony hadn’t mentioned a lot of things.  And his relationship with Peggy…it was like once Steve returned, Tony just ceded Peggy to him, though Steve didn’t think it had been as calculated as that.  Just Tony, quietly stepping aside, even though it had been Tony footing the bill for the private facility where she’d ended up, not the US government she’d served for so long, not the Brits who insisted on bringing her home, but Tony.  Who once called her Aunt Peggy and wanted to find Steve and bring him home.  And he had.  In his own way.
“There,” Cam pronounced when he stood up from buckling the chain around Steve’s right ankle into place.  “Perfect.  The King’s going to love it.  You should let me dress you all the time.  Like your…what do you call it?  For the knights?  Squire.  Did you have one, when you were a solider? I could be like your squire, but for here, ‘cause you kind of really need it.”
He chose the bedroom without the view of the mountains, mainly because he felt like he should, but it also happened to look out to the garage, which, he considered to be the far more intriguing view anyway.  As promised, there was a small deck out back, and a thin trail of runoff water gurgling under it as it flowed down the side of the mountain, and a Celestron NexStar in burnt orange sitting above it.  God bless America.
It was surreal, Steve thought a few minutes later as Vegas started to spread out below them from glittering Strip into concrete and stucco suburbs.  Tony leaned back in his seat, watching Steve with undisguised interest.
He hung up without saying goodbye, and lifted his head to look at the ‘bots.  “So.  I think that went well,” Tony offered.  DUM-E nudged Tony’s shoulder with his pincers and offered him a crushed up can of soda he’d probably dug out of the garbage.  It was red, Tony noticed, and huffed out something that could’ve been a laugh, though there wasn’t much humor behind it. Tony took it, and patted the side of DUM-E’s telescoping arm.  “Thanks, buddy.”
He looked Tony over again, noting the fine sheen of perspiration on his brow, the way his mouth was clenched tight, eyes wide and hands balled into fists.  Steve let out a frustrated puff of air and rubbed the bridge of his nose between two fingers.  It was clear Tony was in pain, though that in and of itself didn’t give Steve a whole lot to go on.
Steve turned and let out a long breath. The walk to Room Six seemed to stretch out for miles, but the next thing he knew, he was at the door and turning the knob. His throat was dry. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest. For a second, he didn’t want to open the door, not because he didn’t want to go into the room, but because a part of him was afraid it wouldn’t be the same. That it wouldn’t help the way it had before. But, when he stepped inside and closed the door shut, the worry almost instantly faded.
He remembered David, all fine-boned and delicate angles.  Maybe that’s what Steve liked.  Probably David knew how to have a conversation with his Alpha that didn’t involve setting him off and sending him running.
Tony turned and stared at Bruce, letting Bruce’s words wash over him, trying to catch them and take them in before his mind found some way to deny the implications, to deny
“Oh, is Alexander here? I thought he was in Basel for the terrorism conference,” Peggy said. “Awkward timing, that.  With those Kurdish dissidents killed in Berlin. Germans say it was Iran, but this doesn’t look like the other Vevak assassinations.  Too precise.”
“Uh-huh,” Stark said.  “Could’ve done that all kinds of ways. But, you didn’t.  Look at me.  I help people.  Intellicrops.  Our medical division.  Our relief efforts.  That time in the eighties I almost single-handedly brought back parachute pants.  But, it’s my bodyguard who is the big hero, saving the world, rescuing kittens from trees, drinking through a straw.  He’s a man of many talents, truly.  Point being, you could’ve done all kinds of things to help people, but, no, no--you went splashier than that.   Army.  Being a soldier.  Had to have seen some action because you’re pretty young to have made Captain and gotten out already.  Battlefield commission? They still do that?   Feels very George C. Scott.”
A check of his watch told him that he had just over twelve minutes left of being seventeen.   He’ll be back for my birthday, Tony told himself.  He won’t miss it. They were going to the observatory.  Steve had promised.  Tony would show Steve the Tesla Coil and explain what Tesla was trying to accomplish, and Steve would
“Of course, it hasn’t changed. What possible reason would Alphas have to change that little nuance?  Why would you think I wouldn’t want to vote my own vote?  You get to,” Tony shot back, harsher than he meant, but maybe he was a little surprised at Steve’s pearl-clutching.  Where surprised is another word for annoyed.
“I get it,” Tony said after a moment.  He picked idly at Steve’s shirt where it curved over his shoulder, like he wasn’t quite sure if it was okay to touch him, but couldn’t resist some contact.  Steve scooted closer, and felt Tony’s hand drop down to intertwine in his, giving it a light squeeze, letting him know the contact was welcomed. “You go on YouTube and you can find my greatest hits, right up there with that Kardashian and Paris Hilton.  Whenever something got leaked, I’d tell myself, it didn’t matter. It wasn’t a big deal, nothing to be ashamed of. Two consenting adults, all that. But, every time, it’s like—they’re taking something away that I didn’t mean to give. That wasn’t part of the deal.  It’s a late-night talk show punchline, some cautionary tale they tell to kids, but it’s
“Lead on, husband dear,” Tony replied, winding his arm through Steve’s.  “If you’ll excuse us,” he said over his shoulder as the group watched them walk away.
“They could,” Tony insisted.  “They could, Steve. Then what? Then you get in trouble, and have to bail me out of jail, and—“
“Oh.  Oh-ho-ho,” Clint crowed, grabbing for one of the bags, only to have one of the other men jerk it out of his hands.
what I wanted,” he said finally, his voice soft, almost too soft for anyone who wasn’t Steve to hear, but Steve heard.  Steve heard.  He watched as Tony peered down into the water where their reflections rippled over the surface, his face perking up with sudden interest.  “I could build a sort of fish-taser and stun the picky little bastards. They’d just float to the surface, and we could grab ‘em.”
“They were turning the whole thing into one of those wonderfully modern condominiums with plumbing that worked and cable TV you didn’t have to steal from the pub down the block.  Gentrification is a bitch,” Tony muttered.  “I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Of course, just do not venture too far. Take Ott with you, in case the tide starts to come in,” Tony said. Cam nodded and hopped up off the divan with his bag of flotsam.
There was venom in his voice in a way that Steve had never heard, so much that he felt his back bristle against it.  Tony turned away, shook his head and let it drop between his shoulders, slumping a little as he did.  His eyes were closed, Steve could see, brow drawn together as his throat worked, fighting some kind of battle for control.  Steve wasn’t sure if he wanted Tony to win it or not.  Maybe one of them needed to lose control.  Maybe that was inevitable.
“It’s hard to believe we didn’t work out,” Pepper said evenly.  “Get. Out,” she ordered, grabbing him by the shoulder and pushing him out the door.
Really, that should’ve been Tony’s first clue.  Steve moved fast and suddenly that the only warning was the bunching of muscles against Tony’s calves just beforehand.  It should have been awkward and jarring.  Painful, even, maybe.  But, Steve was Steve, so when he grabbed Tony by the waist and flipped him over onto the bed underneath him in one swift motion, Tony only managed an undignified yelp before his face was pressed into the cool sheet, Steve driving into him from behind with one hand on Tony’s left hip and the other cupping the back of his neck.
It was a thin circle of leather-wrapped metal held between two thick, leather straps, one with two metal braces attached that would allow the other strap to be tightened into it. From each of the straps hung a chain with small clips on the end fixed with delicately pointed teeth.
Tony crooked his neck to look up at Steve, his eyes already drooped low, breathing evening out, though his arm tightened under Tony at the movement.  “Words good,” Tony whispered.
The familiar sounds of the city filtered in.  A distant train rumbling down its tracks.  Sirens.  A car horn blaring.  Someone’s radio thumping as they drove by with the windows down.  New York City was made of a strange, beautiful symphony of sounds unlike anyplace else in the world.  It was home.  Always had been.
He dragged his gaze to the mirrored wall above the bar, lifted the glass in salute at the sad, little man staring back at him and took a long swallow. It should burn as it went down. Burn and purge, numb and destroy. That would be better. No.
Rhodes and one of the Ul’s companions—his own generals, apparently—a beautiful, sharp-faced woman with a wickedly-curved dagger at her waist that was anything but ceremonial, engaged in a heated debate about the chances of the Chitauri ever crossing the wastes and threatening the Gate again. Ross, for his part, again reiterated that he thought it unlikely, but with an air of disdain that Steve wasn’t sure he thought was earned, though he could admit that the desert was certainly more Ross’ province than his. The way he spoke to the Ul’s companions, though, reminded Steve far too well of how Schmidt felt about the people of the Free States until those same people came together to stop him.
“Steve? What input have you? Our starfort would make even the Jerak’ho’s job a difficult one, no doubt, but moving these on the battlefield is certainly going to pose a challenge,” Tony said.
“Structural conflict prevention would need to start with that kind of analytics, though,” Steve said, frowning a bit as he pondered the notion. “But, even our best predictive models are much better at guessing where conflict won’t start, not where it will. Especially long-term. Conflict zones with unequal access to technology are notoriously difficult to predict with any kind of accuracy.  We found that out in Afghanistan.”
Long minutes ticked by in Steve’s head while he waited for the steady, even rumbles of breath that indicated Tony finally slept. Only then did Steve allow himself to roll over and look upon the King, his profile outlined by firelight.  Once again, Steve was struck by how young the King looked in sleep with the lines of worry brushed away.
“Good.  For me.  Obviously, the rest of humanity weeps,” Kirk remarked with a quirk of his mouth, then sat down on the comforter-covered bench and pulled off his boots, before standing back up and shimmying out of the jeans.
Steve shivered a little, glancing up the road where it wound into the mountains and disappeared with a spark of nervousness hitching at his breath.  It wasn’t as if he didn’t know the stories.  All the children, not just him and Bucky, liked to see who could tell the scariest tale, then they would all laugh and pretend they thought it was all nonsense meant for only the little ones to believe, though no one went out alone at night if they could help it, did they?  Except Steve, who preferred the darkness outside to what waited at home.  Still, he wasn’t stupid about it, except for tonight, and only this time because he had thought maybe what might be out in the night wasn’t as bad as what was after him if he was caught, and so he ran, instead of staying small and careful and hidden, the way he usually did.
The elevator doors slid open to the landing leading to his workshop.  There was a low light coming from inside.  Through the glass, Tony could see Steve sitting on a swivel stool, with Dum-E and U paying rapt attention to whatever it was Steve was doing.  Tony pressed closer to the glass, trying to see.
“You’re not supposed to have food or drink on the bus,” Steve pointed out, nodding to the sign above the driver, which also warned against smoking and boom boxes.  Dear Lord, he’d time-traveled, Tony marveled.  Where was the flux capacitor in this thing?
.  Why?  Tell me why,” Tony pleaded, the last coming out in one long, shaky breath.  “Please.  Please tell me why.  I need…I need someone to tell me why.  I need something here to make sense because none of this—none of this makes any fucking sense!”
Steve made it back to his room, showered, changed and made his way down to the communal kitchen for dinner.  Bruce, Clint and Thor were already gathered around the large table, piling plates full of spicy-sweet Indian food.  Clint was folding a piece of naan  into, well, a questionable shape that Steve refused to dwell on further.  He pulled out his chair and spooned a large portion of curry onto his plate and poured a cup of water.  He found the array of foods available now to be one of the better parts of the new millennium.
He watched the car drive off with a dull sort of sadness.  Maybe he should have been kinder.  Maybe Josh didn’t want kindness.  Tony knew that feeling, too.  It wasn’t that Tony was unfamiliar with using shock and bravado to push back against a life you hated.  He leaned his head against Steve’s arm and let it rest there until Happy pulled the limo up in front of them.  One of the usher opened the door, and Steve urged him inside, tapping on the privacy panel when they were ready to go.
“That’s a short list, Buck,” Steve reminded him.  Bucky shot him the bird as he walked back to his room, grabbing the room service menu off the table as he went. Steve watched Bucky until he made it to the bedroom they were currently sharing.  Only when the door closed behind him did Steve turn back to Tony, who was watching him with a shrewd, narrowed gaze.
“I won’t let you go. I won’t. I can’t,” Tony breathed out, the last coming out thin and brutal, a promise. He was rocking Steve slightly in his embrace, as if the words themselves had force, and maybe they did. There were many ways to show you loved someone, and Steve could see the detritus of Tony’s attempts throughout his room, but this, this determination Tony had to find a way, was how he showed his love. He gives without expectation of return, Steve thought.
Less than ten minutes later, Nat was back with Steve’s sketchbook under her arm and a duffel bag of his things in the other hand. “He’s not going to talk,” she told them, handing Steve the bag.
Tony bent over and reached across the sofa for the tablet, swiping it on, then rubbing a hand over his eyes at the glow and letting his head lean back against the cushion pillowing his neck.  He finally looked back at the screen, idly thumbing through the company emails, most of which he would ignore.
Laughter, joyous and free, bubbled out of Tony as he pulled away, shaking his head and grinning dazedly up at Steve.
“You’re not—“ Tony started as Steve pushed back onto his finger, which slid easily into Steve’s body.  “Oh, JesusfuckingChrist. You.  You--”
“The concepts seemed important to you,” Steve said, looking down at the carpet and frowning a bit at the large section missing.  “And I thought…well, it’s stupid, I guess, but I wanted you to know that…this…us…we are the island, Tony.  It isn’t a place that we stay.  It’s just us, together.  This…you and me…this is where I’ll stay.  I promise.”
“Did you always wish to be a soldier or was it a choice born of necessity?” Tony asked, running his hands through his wet hair and reaching for one of the soft cloths that sat on the edge of the tub, using it to wipe the water droplets off his face. There was a sense of effort to the lightness of his words, but he turned around to face Steve with a curious look on his face.  “You’ve the bearing of a soldier, to be sure, but that doesn’t mean it was a calling. Rhodey wanted to study the stars, or so he tells me when he’s far into his cups.”
“Good.  So, this—tonight—earlier, that was a test?” Tony asked, seeming to mull the words over as he spoke them.   “May I take it that I passed?”
The SUV pulled to a stop in front of Tony’s apartment building just below a No Parking sign.  Steve was really living on the edge tonight, Tony thought with a small, amused smirk.  Steve hopped out and came around the front of the car to open Tony’s door.  He reached for Tony, but Tony held up a hand to stay the motion.
Stark huffed out a laugh, though there wasn’t really any humor in it. “Ironic. I was hiding from everyone.” In the low light, Steve caught a flash of a grimace twist across Stark’s face before he turned back towards the city.
Tony stood rooted to the spot for a long moment. He wasn't sure what he'd been expecting, but it wasn't this—this dismissal. Just like that. Here's everything you wanted. Stuff like that happened in movies and books, not real life, and certainly not his real life, that was for damn sure.
“No, not because I liked kissing my husband.  Fake husband.  Don’t give me that look.  Slip of the tongue.  Eh, nope,” Tony said, holding up a hand in a stop motion.  “Too easy, even for you, Sugarbear.  Is anyone even paying attention?” Tony asked plaintively, glancing around at the confused faces.  “Look, yes, of course, I liked kissing him.  Have you seen him?” Tony demanded, raising his eyebrows and widening his eyes in exasperation.
He could see it, line by line, in the black and white composition notebook tucked away in that damn box, a few pages behind Steve's doodle of Tony slurping down caffeinated currency. Twenty dollars here. Forty there. A couple times, a hundred. All painstakingly tracked over years.
“Worth the trip?” Tony asked. He leaned an elbow on the railing and rested his hip against the glass wall as he looked up at Steve.
Natasha was watching him, eyes wide, something like pity there, and he found himself looking away, out the ramp again, gaze flicking over anything but her.  It wasn’t like he didn’t know what she saw.  What Bruce saw.  Hell, they probably all did, except Steve, who remained blissfully unaware.  Steve’s ignorance managed to be something he was grateful for and frustrated by, never quite able to settle on which one to feel, so he just felt them both at the same time, which, admittedly, did not lead to his best decision-making when it came to Steve, but now they were having a not-date, and it was going to be the best Goddamned not-date that had ever been seen.
“Because you...you think seven-year old girls should have sharks on their bedroom walls,” Tony replied, whiplike, mouth twisting up into something like a snarl. “And that there’s hope for...people like me.” He took a long drink, then set his glass aside so hard it grated on the pool’s edge, making a discordant, fragile scraping sound.  His eyes darted around for a moment, feral and searching, then finally, he shook himself, face tightening up into a rictus of a smile.  “Ignore me. Forget it. Get in, come on, night’s a’wasting.  You should...look at the view or something,” he added, waving a hand in the general direction of the Strip.
The walk to the bed seemed far too long, the floor shifting and listing as if on the deck of a ship, but he made it and climbed onto the huge bed.  Positioning himself in the center, he leaned forward and braced himself on his hands and knees.  A small gasp escaped him as he settled.  The heavy pendant dangling on the chain between his nipples tugged downward, stretching them, the deep, throbbing ache seeming to leap forward into a stinging pain all at once.
“I’m not detecting any viruses, Sir.   I am also unable to determine the sender without more analysis. The attachment appears to be some type of scientific report by a Doctor Erik Selvig,” JARVIS supplied after a moment.
, that was good, Steve thought as he began to thrust, slow and long, body quickly finding the right rhythm.
Rhodes snorted and glanced away from a brief moment, wiping a grin off his face with one hand.  “I’ll just bet he did.  You ready?  He hates waiting.”
“That fucking bastard,” Tony ground out, slapping the papers into the palm of his hand. “I swear to God, if Howard did this, I'm going to dig him up, and salt and burn the corpse.”
Sterling smiled amiably.  “Yes, yes, there are some…well, rather risqué photos included, to be sure. But, I think it gives a fuller picture of soldiers away from their friends, families and the usual boundaries of societal pressures.  I’ll bet even you had a moment or two where you needed to blow off some steam, Captain,” Sterling continued, a small smile playing on his lips.  Steve wasn’t sure if he was being mocked or not, to be honest.  Sometimes people assumed he’d spent the war reading Army regulations and thinking about the flag, rather than as a part of a largely autonomous unit of young men.  He wasn’t sure if that was good for the uniform or not.
People were looking.  A few had their phones up, taking pictures or videos.  Someone dog-whistled. A few called out his name as they walked past, as if they were old friends who just happened to run into each other on the street.  Tony waved, nodded his head, did the thing. This was good.  The whole afternoon stroll thing.  Probably looked really spontaneous and romantic.  Newlyweds. They were supposed to be newlyweds.  Can’t keep their hands off each other.  Spontaneous bursts of laughter.  Public displays of affection.  People did that.  That was a thing. Besides, that was the whole point of this visit with the unwashed masses, right?  Right.
Coulson was waiting for him.  Of course.  Standing in a suit, looking proper, just missing a clipboard and he would basically qualify as the hall monitor who caught Tony out of class without a pass.
Tony kept time by the small circles Steve’s finger was tracing on his hand, each brush of contact soothing and calming, because it meant Steve was right there, so it was okay. He wondered when Steve would be okay to leave here.  Of course, he was willing to wait as long as it took for Steve to be okay.  This had to be rough on him.  Being stuck in a tiny room at SHIELD, overcome by hormones and trapped by his own biology.  Poor Steve, he thought sadly, glancing around the tiny room at SHIELD where he was standing.  Of course, Steve was handling it so bravely.
“That’s good.  There is a sense of permanence about a home, I find.  It’s a big step in an Alpha’s life, that first home.  It’s a good sign that you’re thinking in that direction, Captain,” she offered with an approving smile.  Steve looked over at the fish tank for a second, then at the degrees framed on the wall behind the therapist’s head.  He knew it was a good sign.  He knew why he needed to do things that were good signs.  This was what they all wanted from him.  Needed.  So, he would do it, and then there would be another mission, and maybe somewhere in there, it could be dark again for a while, and he could breathe.  He looked at the diver again, spouting his long thread of bubbles.  There’s no air down there, he thought, and closed his eyes for a moment, before turning back to where the therapist sat in the halo of lamplight, a faint, high-pitched squeal coming from the bulb.  It would need to be changed soon.
Steve looked at Tony, who shrugged. He wanted to know everything about this person that was theirs, but it was Steve’s call. Steve nodded his acquiescence to Bruce.
That distant part of Steve’s mind clanged with an alarm, telling him he should be afraid, but it wasn’t fear he felt as Tony suckled at the spot.  Instead, euphoria coursed through him like wildfire, lighting its way up and down his spine the way the coming of a summer storm hummed a nervous energy over his skin.  He wrapped his arms around Tony’s head, pulling him closer, encouraging.  Tony wouldn’t hurt him.  He knew that.  As impossible as it was, given what he knew of what Tony’s nature must be, he knew that as an absolute truth.
“Yeah, but, I mean, I don’t… I don’t think that would, uh, go over well with--with people.  Certain people,” Steve said haltingly, a feeling of panic settling over him. “Plus, I--it isn’t like I want people to know something like this,” he added, lowering his voice to a whispering hiss.  “Please Brock. Please, I--”
A tipping point was coming, Steve could feel it. Soon enough, they wouldn’t need Thanos to wipe out half the planet, because someone was going to decide that the only way to stop something terrible was a preemptive strike with something they deemed less terrible.
“Tony, it won’t bother me, whatever it is, I swear,” Steve promised, putting as much certainty as he could muster into his words.  He meant it.  Whatever it was clearly made Tony uncomfortable, and Steve hated that.
“I’m thinking Steven if it’s a boy, and if it’s a girl, Stevanne with an a-n-n-e on the end,” Tony suggested.
Steve kissed him then, surging forward and cupping Tony’s face in his hands, their feet tangling until Tony’s back hit the stairwell wall and Steve got a hand braced by his head.  Steve caught the last of Tony’s plea on his tongue, and then Tony melted against him, clawing at his shirt, his shoulders, winding his hands up into Steve’s hair with a muffled groan.
“That’s—no, that’s fine.  My fault.  I knocked.  I was knocking.  Going to knock.  I—you were in there a long time, so I just…” Steve trailed off, swallowing audibly.  There were patches of bright color blooming on his cheeks and down his neck towards his chest and disappearing under the V of his t-shirt. Not that Tony was looking.  At Steve’s chest.  Because, he wasn’t.  Looking.
Steve heard the door close behind him a moment later, though he kept his eyes on the carpet in front of Hammer’s boots.  His heart was thudding a staccato beat in his chest, and he was strangely conscious of the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed in and out, each breath more difficult than the last, as if a vice was slowly tightening.  He could do this, he told himself firmly.  He could get through this.  For Cam’s sake, if not his own.  The boy shouldn’t return to an empty room because Steve couldn’t handle whatever it was Hammer wanted of him.  It was just…what it was.  He could just let it happen.  He didn’t even have to think about it.  It would almost be like it wasn’t happening at all.
to.  Not like that.  That had to be wrong, though maybe it was the wine or the helicopter ride or just being with Tony, but he couldn’t seem to formulate a reason why it would be wrong. He looked over at Tony, who was tapping something into his phone and shot him an apologetic look when he caught Steve looking.
“Yes,” Steve replied and looked down at his lap where his hands fidgeted.  He pulled them apart and gripped the arms of the chair instead, then finally raised his eyes back to the King’s. The King was staring at him, eyebrows lifted high, a challenging, sardonic look tugging half of his mouth into a smile.  His eyes were gleaming, as if pleased, though the same confounded look appeared after a moment.
Steve tore his mouth away, Tony chasing it with his own, and moved back as suddenly as he’d begun, hands flailing in front of him, crossing, then uncrossing, as if he didn’t know what to do with them.  When he finally looked at Tony, it was a look Tony had seen before, on a video with Steve holding a bag with a take-out hamburger with no pickles Tony wouldn’t remember to eat because no one was there to poke at him until he did.
“What’s he talking about?” Steve asked, a frown creasing his brow.  Great, now Steve was getting pissed that he was balking.  Of course, his Alpha was upset.  Why wouldn’t he be?  Fifteen minutes into Bonding, and his Omega was throwing a fit at a routine exam.  If they’d just told him.  He could have prepared himself.
“I believe it is, Ms. Potts,” Matt said evenly from outside the crowded doorway. “Since Mr. Rogers--or, are you going by Mr. Stark, now?" Matt asked with a placid humming noise.  "I suppose that can be sorted later.  At any rate, he cannot give testimony about his husband regarding events that happened during the course of their marriage, I think we’re done here for now. If you’d like to set up another time to speak with my client, you have my office’s number.”
He walked out to the deck and stopped for a moment, watching the bottom of the sun disappear behind one of the peaks.  It was beautiful here, for all the old, musty smells and outdated furnishings.  Far less fancy than what he was used to, that was for sure.  That had been a beautiful prison.  Top notch, really.  All the finest accoutrements.  This was…he didn’t know what this was.  Different.  Strange.
His stomach turned over.  Part of the bread stuck to the roof of his mouth.  He had to force himself to swallow it.   Were they really going to do this here?  Now?  You came here for this, a small voice echoed inside his head.  Away from the workshop and the technology.  Away from the Pollacks and matching cups and the bed big with the dip in the center of the mattress that curved around their bodies.  You brought him here, where he fell in love with you.
Luckily, Tony didn’t seem to take offense, just shook his head, with a slight smile lifting the corners of his mouth.  “This is actually you, isn’t it?  I mean, this isn’t an act…because I have to tell you that you’ve already got my interest, so there’s really no need.”
“I'm sorry, Tony,” Steve said quietly, with a hint of strain that made Tony's spine tingle. Of course, Steve was sorry. Sorry to have to do this. They always were. Everyone was so very sorry when Tony fucked up and needed to be corrected. So very, very sorry. Forgive me Father, for I have fucked up, Tony repeated to himself, choking back a bitter laugh.
“And any news of Zola?” Steve asked Cam when the boy finally made an appearance in a robe that still bore grass stains on it from whatever he had been doing out in the gardens. It was the same question he had asked the boy each successive evening when they dined, and tonight’s answer was no different.
“Well, those are clearly not the same as Pop-Tarts, Bruce, what did you expect?” Tony observed, pulling out a chair and picking up the row of cards Natasha had dealt him.
“They all volunteered to come, by the way,” Rhodes said as Steve’s gaze darted over familiar faces, realizing for the first time that they were not just along for Tony’s protection. Ketterson passed by with a large, half-wet stone in his hands and nodded to him.  Redwing soared overhead, swooping and diving amongst the gulls, while Sam marched up the hill, one rock in each hand.  Steve saw the Commandos, too, picking out Dugan’s bright nest of hair in the crowd.  It would have been faster to form a chain and pass the stones along, but no one suggested such a thing.  Natasha walked by with a bag filled with rocks slung over her shoulder, then Thor with an impossibly large stone, followed by Bruce and Clint, carrying a huge stone between them.   As if by silent agreement, he and Tony made their way down to the beach together and joined in the silent procession.
“As long as it isn’t Jailhouse Rock, I’ll take it,” Steve agreed.  The twist of a grin on Tony’s mouth widened, brightened for a flash of a moment that seemed like genuine surprise before it slipped into a more practiced look.
Tony stood at Steve’s side and mostly just enjoyed the spectacle of a bunch of uber-Alphas kowtowing to Steve, as if by some silent, mutual agreement they’d all elected Steve prom king.  It was weird.  Steve didn’t outrank most of the military Alphas here, and he certainly wasn’t as rich as some of the industrialists, or as famous as the few celebrities putting in an appearance to show their deep commitment to the military.  Yet, here they were.  All Single White Alpha-ing the hell out of Steve for whatever reason.
“My decimated gym equipment would like to have a word with you on that,” Tony replied.  His tone had gone light, teasing, but the look he gave Steve was full of unasked questions.  “Anyway,” Tony continued, pursing his lips a bit when Steve didn’t rise to the bait.  “Pepper was supposed to do the bulk of the presentation.  She’d have been a great closer.  Always knew how to work a crowd,” Tony continued.
“And for not listening to my orders,” Tony started, turning his head slightly to eye the guard.  “I know it was you, old bull.  Lands in the Western Steppes.  Where you hail from, is it not?”
“I know you--you worry about all of this. Us,” Tony continued, mouth twisting into a frown. “I know it isn’t what you wanted your life to be, but it… I think it can be good, Steve.  I think
“Cap’s gonna beat it, though,” Tony said confidently, dropping his arm to his chest, and making something in Steve’s chest constrict, to see him so small and vulnerable and clutching a image of Steve to his chest where the reactor would one day sit.
“Louisiand and Wash—LIGO.  LIGO’s there,” Tony stuttered, his mind grinding to a halt.  This wasn’t looking at the pretty stars, drawing the constellations over them on one of those souvenir map things.  This was real.  This was real, honest-to-God research.
The same thread, Steve thought, the words echoing around in his head like a cry in a cave. Life and death.
Steve swallowed thickly, sliding his finger under the collar for a moment when it seemed to tighten around his throat.  He glanced at Cam, where the boy stood at his shoulder, his smile reflected in the glass.
It both was exactly what he expected and nothing whatsoever like he’d anticipated.  They talked a lot about their children.  Robert and Zoe were in college.  Deacon was at West Point.  Alan would probably present soon, and they already had several Alphas interested, but he was such a special boy, they weren’t going to accept just anyone. Sadie had a piano recital coming up.  They’ve been listening to Braham’s Lullaby so much, she was surprised they hadn’t all passed out.  Greg was still struggling with algebra.
“Tony, I have knocked on your door too many times not to recognize you shouting ‘Leave me alone!’ while meaning the exact opposite.  Now, have a donut,” Jarvis offered, nodding at the ribbon-wrapped white box on the table.  “And tell me what this is all about.”
“No, no, you’re discounting this, and this is some seriously romantic, soulmate-level stuff I’m talking about here, Steve.  You, me, a few terrorists, a what’s-a-guy-like-you-doing-in-a-place-like-this kind of meet cute, come on!  Fate. I’m telling you.  Written in the stars and all that.  Can’t fight it.  Anyway, I’m pretty sure there’s an ancient Chinese proverb about a red thong connecting two people who are destined to meet,” Tony grinned wickedly and tipped the champagne to his lips while Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“He did.  Which, you don’t believe right now,” Dr. Reese said, giving Tony a long look when he didn’t respond.  “I know you’re giving me the answers you think I want to hear, Tony,” Dr. Reese acknowledged, peering down at Tony from over the top of his round spectacles, not without some sympathy, Tony noted. “But, this isn’t a test.  This is a choice.”
Steve sucked in a deep gulp of air, trying to force the sudden rigidity out of his body, like he was stuck in place, and wasn’t that just the thing?  He wondered how much Tony was going to push this.  He couldn’t really force Steve to answer, but if he didn’t answer, that was probably more of an admission than he wanted to give.
“No,” Tony said, because he didn’t, but his Alpha had asked, and he couldn’t lie, even if sometimes, like now, he wanted to.
“Tony, no.  No, no, Tony, I don’t—Jesus. No,” Steve ground out, jerking his hand from Tony’s knee.  He ran it through his hair instead.
“You do?” Steve said after a beat of silence.  “Happy will take you anywhere you want to go.  You know that, right?  That’s why he’s here.”
“What do you mean?” Tony countered, shaking his head.  “What is this you speak of? I would caution you against lying to me, Steve,” Tony seethed, voice low and hard. “I will not countenance being played for a fool, chasing at whatever tales my concubine dangles in front of me, trying to set me against one of my Lords.  All here know of my enmity with Hammer.  Using that to try to sway me--”
“Second star to the right,” he heard Steve shout around a whoop of a laugh that was filled with wonder.
“Hold still,” Tony commanded. The chain brushed against Steve’s hands and back as Tony latched it onto the back of the gag and secured it tightly into place. “There,” Tony said, standing up and coming around to stand in front of Steve and admire his handiwork. “Exquisite. Absolutely exquisite.”
“Already working on it.  Luckily, his service record is impeccable.  I think I can spin pretty much anything they want to throw at us, but I’d like to be spinning a happy ending.  A bit easier,” Pepper said.
It did feel odd.  Not bad-odd, just strange.  A burning pressure accompanied it that seemed to emanate from deep inside Steve, though that made no sense.   He felt Tony’s knuckles brush against the rim of his hole and realized that Tony has his whole finger inside of him.  A moment later, the pressure was gone and he was empty.  Oh.  Steve frowned.  He opened his mouth to say something, but then Tony was sliding his finger back in, harder this time, making Steve grunt and twist his hands into the blanket.
“If you’re going to keep doing that, what I say is going to get a lot more interesting,” Tony warned him  in a droll voice.  “We were thinking that maybe you and I, we just…sort of…keep, ah…going.  Obviously, if it doesn’t work out, we’d ‘divorce’ or whatever,” Tony rushed out, making air quotes with his hands.  “Go our separate ways.  Nice bit of alimony for you. No harm, no foul,” he finished weakly, flattening his mouth into a grim line and turning to look out the window as the limo pulled up next to the entrance to their hotel.
It had never been more than a release, anyway, something they both desperately needed.  Maybe it had always been somewhat inevitable.  Maybe the end, as abrupt as the beginning, had been inevitable, too.
“I knew that was going to come back to bite me,” Tony said with a smile.  “I don’t see why we have to do this every couple of hours.  That just seems like overkill, quite frankly,” Tony continued, as he reached to the bedside table to grab the supplies and rolled over.
and he was looking up at Tony with a large piece of iron where it shouldn’t have been.  He’d asked about the security of the civilians. Tony had just stared at him for a blink and then hauled him to his feet and off the ground.  He was pretty sure he’d passed out at some point, but found himself quite awake, thank you, as SHIELD medical did their damnedest to pull out his teeth through his shoulder.  He remembered grasping onto the metal bar of the gurney at one point and then suddenly looking up and there was Tony, his hand extended to take Steve’s even though Steve was pretty sure he’d just crushed part of the gurney with that same hand.
“You,” Steve shook his head and turned his face into the bed again, sucking in a breath.  That was all the argument he could manage, but he heard Tony huff out a low, pleased breath of air as he walked to the end of the bed again.  Steve could feel him standing there, feel the weight and heat of his appraisal.
“What the hell?!?” Stone shouted, his horse sidestepping as he tried to control it and handle the broken lance.  “My lance! Did you see—how dare—” Stone stammered.
Steve pushed open the door and stepped inside, coming to an abrupt halt just past the doorway. There was a black, Shield-issued duffel bag in one hand that spelled out Rogers on the side in yellow letters and a large, leather satchel in the other. He'd forgotten, or chosen not to think about, exactly how much room Steve seemed to take up, all shoulders and arms, impossible angles and curves, like Hephaestus had sculpted him out of the clay left over from Pandora.
,” Steve said. “I’m working on it, but I’m not going to lie, it’s probably always going to be an issue I’ll have to deal with, Tony.  So, if we’re doing this, you should know that about me.”
It was Tony who broke the kiss.  He finally pulled back, staring wide-eyed up at Steve.  His lips were swollen and red, slightly parted, his hands still holding on to Steve’s collar for purchase.
He let Tony help him out of the bath.  They dried off with the thick towels that were folded nearby, and Tony handed Steve a robe that fit his shoulders and height too perfectly not to have been deliberate.  When they returned to Tony’s chamber, dinner awaited by the fire, and Steve noted with a burst of fondness that Tony had apparently taken this morning’s resolution to see Steve well fed to heart.  The platter of food nearly bowed the table, Steve thought at he sat down and took the goblet Tony handed him.
“I’ve got a line on this hotel suite--very trippy, very artsy, you’ll love it.  Sin City.  It even has a pool,” Tony told him.
He liked their room here.  It was so different from the Malibu house, though they had designed that home together, a home Tony loved, with its curves hugging the cliffs and the sound of the ocean on the rocks below.  His workshop.  Steve’s studio.  JARVIS.  Coming here, though, to their cabin, almost felt like walking through a wardrobe and finding their true selves.  He couldn’t really explain why.  It just was.
“I need to get home,” Steve said, feeling even more stupid than before because now he was actually talking to the ceiling.
“Got you something,” Tony replied, taking the briefcase from the courier and putting the code into the lock, making the latches snap open.  “Here,” he said, taking the laptop out and opening it up in front of Steve.  “This is a little something we’ve been working on since…well, 1915-ish.  Watch,” Tony said, nodding at the laptop screen.
“This is why you have no friends,” Bucky grumbled, smirking and nodding his head a bit at Steve as he walked past.
Howard looked at her, then Maria, grimaced and swiped a hand over his mouth and flattened his lips. Shock, embarrassment, and not a small amount of horror crossed his face, leaving him gutted, slackening his features into a wax-like mask.
“I’m always serious about BARF,” Tony corrected.  “As of one minute ago. As of now. Don’t look at me like that, I said I’d work on it.”
“Uh-huh, right, that….that’s quite the, ah, compatibility test you have there,” Tony huffed. “Eat your heart out, eHarmony, huh?”
When the doors opened, Tony stepped in the elevator behind Steve, bumping slightly into the broad expanse of his back and drawing in a long breath.  It felt so good to be home with Steve, in his own space, but with Steve there now, making it somehow more his, because now everything that belonged here was here, filling whatever empty space that had been waiting for Steve.  It felt good to be able to be this near him again.  He really needed to order some kind of loveseat or large chair for the SHIELD conference room.  That whole separate seating arrangement was clearly not going to work out.
Philosophical question:  If you were dying anyway, was it really brave to do something that had a statistically high probability of killing you?  After all, why not go out with a bang? Go out with a
Since that seemed to be a dismissal if Steve had ever heard one, he headed for the door. This time, he didn’t look back. He felt better, though. Not perfect. It wasn’t as if one incredible night erased everything. But, better. He wasn’t sure he could articulate why, he just knew it was true. When he got back to the Tower, he slept for eight hours straight, and managed to make it down to dinner with the team.
“Thank you for my drawing,” was what came out, probably to the surprise of both of them, though, when he said it, Tony realized that was what he wanted to say.
“Can’t believe I’m on a date with Steve Rogers, Hot Disapproving Guy himself,” Tony replied.  “Which reminds me, Rhodey owes me a dollar for losing the bet that you weren’t a little interested, because you
“Tell me about it,” Barnes replied, jerking his head at Steve.  “Hey, Tony, can you maybe go give your driver guy a call?  Probably, Steve  should get to work before they blow a gasket because there aren’t enough paper towels in the dispenser or whatever.”
“The guilds, the ships, the navy, our reserves,” Tony retorted good-naturedly.  “I did pay attention, Sourpatch, don’t get mad.  I’ll have you know that Steve and I spent the night debating the finer points of a possible strategy involving commandeering and plundering raider ships.”
“Then…I shall not,” Tony said, the words coming out stiff and almost surprised, as if he hadn’t quite expected to say them.  He held the sponge still, then set it on the ledge and moved around until he was standing between Steve’s knees.  He reached out and lifted Steve’s chin until Steve was forced to look up at Tony.  It reminded Steve of that first night, when Zola brought him to Tony, and Tony had called him beautiful for the first time.
“Not… not everyone deals with it the same way, Brock,” Steve said.  “They’re not weak for needing help.”
There was a clutter of papers atop the table, as well, and it was these that the Omega was carefully rolling up. He had stopped, mid-motion, at Bucky’s voice, and was staring at the papers in his hand as if they were poisonous.
Tony was still smiling as he turned onto the cabin’s long driveway, thinking about the looks on the Alphas faces when he and Steve walked across the lobby with Steve’s arm wrapped around him and the other carrying a large leather satchel with a suspiciously round object inside it while Steve glowered at them.  They hadn’t really spoken much on the drive back, other than Steve’s not-too-subtle look at the speedometer.
“Even An---this one?  Stark?” Steve pressed, slowing as he pulled open the door.  Light flooded in almost like a physical force.  Bright, Steve thought, trying not to wince, not here, in front of her, but the word cut, still.  It was always bright.  From the moment he opened his eyes here.  Bright.  That was the first thought.  It’s so
“I know,” Steve replied. He started to run his hand through his hair, then caught himself. “If he’s not or—or doesn’t want to, that’s fine, obviously. I just,” he cleared his throat. “I wanted to ask.”
“Uh-uh-uh,” Tony tutted, clicking his tongue with light admonishment. “Control, remember? You’re going to want to be careful with that,” he added as his eyes dropped down. He brushed his thumb over the reddened peak where it puckered out from the bite of the clamp, and Steve’s whole body shuddered as twin fires lit within him, as if some throughline ran from his nipple to his cock.
“We’d both have died if you hadn’t gotten us out of there.  Pretty sure not even I can survive a plane exploding.  By the way, that auto-destruct might need some tweaking,” Steve tried for humor, and apparently missed, because Tony’s expression was thunderous.
Tony sat up and shifted a bit, positioning himself between Steve’s spread knees.  Steve couldn’t help but stiffen slightly as he felt the blunt, rounded head of Tony’s cock press against his hole.  The familiar burning stretch fissioned through his body on waves that crested right before pleasure became pain.  He had that moment of feeling like it could never work.  Tony was pretty big, after all.
“Tony, I’m right here.  You’re safe.  Nothing here is going to hurt you.  I’ve got you, and you’re safe,” Steve whispered, the words floating into Tony’s ear almost too low over the buzz of the restaurant for him to hear.  “Count to one hundred by sevens.  Squeeze my hand on each seven, then breathe out.  Slowly.  No rush, okay?  It’ll help.  Come on, Tony,” Steve urged softly against the side of Tony’s head.  “Come on.  You can do this.  I’ve got you.”
“Wait! Don’t lea--” Steve shouted, jerking open the door in his rush to get out and nearly slamming his chest into the man, who was leaning with one arm nonchalantly braced against the side of the door.
“I’ll be downstairs. When you’re ready,” Sam told him quietly, something that was almost an apology in his voice.
Tony huffed out a laugh, bit his lip and shifted his hips a bit, spreading his legs a little wider.  Emptiness pounded inside him like a drumbeat.
Tony obviously had his own life, separate from Steve.  He’d know that.  Hell, he’d fed that omelets and toast.  That Tony had plenty of opportunities for trysts was not news.  That Tony would take off in the middle of an event he’d come to with Steve was new, however.  But Steve could hardly blame him for not feeling like Steve would want him around, what with the deplorable way he’d treated him the past week, ignoring him with no explanation, leaving Tony to think the worst because while the  man could project enough self-confidence to light a block, he should really come with a “Caution—Handle with Care” sign.  And Steve had known that and still decided to simply push away without thought of how Tony would perceive that.  If Tony found…comfort…elsewhere, well, Steve could hardly blame him, he thought harshly, taking a ragged breath.
He looked back over his shoulder, noticing the car still parked where he’d left it, Happy leaning against the driver’s door.  Clint and Bucky followed his gaze.
be my Omega,” Rogers said, blue eyes dark and soft with something like sadness.  “Looks like we’re compatible, after all.”
“What if you don’t?” Tony asked, breath suddenly catching and going cold in his chest.  “What if one time, you don’t?”
And it was my choice.   Choice didn’t require infinite possibilities to have meaning.  Safety, security, these were the pyres on which freedom burned, and we all want to add our own kindling at times, bask in the warmth and let the smoke blind us to the ashes we are left with in the end.
“I don’t know, I could get used to this kind of life.  Room service, sheets so soft you slide right off the bed, fancy soaps—you grab some for Nat?” Bucky asked, earning a nod from Steve.  “What is it about that tiny, free shit she loves so much? Look, anyway, whatever happens with you and Stark, and you know I am here for your happiness, totally onboard, right?  I just want you to know upfront, and I say this from the bottom of my heart: I’m stealing some of the towels.  They’re like little clouds.”
Tony smiled down at him, his gaze soft and reverent as he ran his hands up and down over Steve’s legs, encouraging them to part.  He leaned over, stretching out an arm, and Steve heard the scrape of ice against the bowl again. Steve had time to think a stray, impossible thought, and then felt the chill trace over his rim, and he couldn’t think anything.  All thoughts flew from his mind like smoke being blown away in a storm, and there was only feeling. Sensation. Contradiction. Warm hands and freezing cold circling the delicate pucker around his hole.
“Tell me you threw people through walls. That always makes you feel better,” Tony pointed out, nudging out with a hand until he found Steve’s wrist.  He tugged, and heard Steve sigh into the darkness, which meant Tony would get his way.  The cup came to his mouth again, and Tony drank, slower this time, though he ended up sputtering through the last of it, despite the effort.
He got up and walked over to the sofa and sat down, staring at the blank, black screen of the television where his reflection gazed back at him, blurred and distorted, which somehow seemed about right.  He pulled his phone out of his pocket and looked down at the screen. No messages.  Of course not.  Opening his contacts, he hit the number at the top and waited, feeling his stomach clench as it rang.
“How many of these are his?” Bruce asked, holding up one of the bright red bags of fluid from the table.
In his pocket, Tony felt his phone buzz, alerting him to yet another text from Pepper for him to ignore.  It wasn’t that he didn’t understand her undoubtedly perfectly reasonable points about the benefits of a prepared statement and controlling the press, but he was honestly still too…too something…at Steve turning the tables on those asshats in the lobby to worry about media strategy at the moment.  He was…confused.  Perplexed.  Surprised, definitely surprised.
“Ah-ha!  So, that’s why I’m here,” Bruce harrumphed.  “Say it’s because of my science. Come on, say it.”
“They stand, but they’re manned by locals, for the most part,” Rhodes told him.  “I’ve been requesting we post soldiers for years, but Ross says it’s unnecessary and a waste of manpower.  Besides, no one wants to pull the duty, which, I can understand.  Far from home, sparse action, little chance of acclaim or glory.”
Steve paused, his breath held, then nodded against Tony’s neck, and sucked in a breath with his face pressed into Tony’s hair. Tony held him a while longer, then pulled back and placed a light kiss against Steve’s lips.
“Finish your meal. Enjoy the beach.  Rest. Relax,” Tony instructed, heading for the tent’s opening.  “Oh, and tell Ott and Reza to take the rest of the food, would you?  Chef always does try go to extremes to impress.”
“No?  Too bad.  Well, maybe next time,” Tony broke in, shooting her an annoyed look that she returned with a smirk.
“Steve, he’ll leave,” Rhodey said.  “He’ll walk away.  If that’s what you really want.  It’ll kill him, but he’ll do it. For you.  Because he loves you that much.   So, you either treat this as something real, something that can go somewhere, or you cut him the fuck loose.”
Tony was tracing circles on his t-shirt clad stomach, each one getting ever so slightly wider and it was driving Steve insane.
“Thank you, JARVIS.  Can you see if you can find Colonel Rhodes and everyone else?” Steve asked, standing up. “Are you okay?” Steve asked gently, coming back to bend over Tony.  He cupped Tony’s face in his hands, and studied him carefully, eyes roaming up and down over Tony’s face.
“Right, right, that I did. Do,” Tony said a little too breathily.  Steve could hear the slight tremor in his voice. “Well…don’t stay away too long,” Tony said, looking up at Steve for confirmation.
“I—yes,” Steve said, glancing quickly at Tony, who was frowning at him with a soft sort of concern. “Yes.  I didn’t think it was appropriate.”
“Yeah.  Yeah, you could have, if they’d give you a chance or get out of your way and let you make one for yourself, but, I guess—I’m just damn glad I get to be a part of it, get to stand there and say, that one.   See him?  That one’s mine,” Steve said, then huffed out a laugh and shook his head, giving Tony a small smile.
“Are you kidding?  Cheeseburger and divorce, all in one day?  Who could resist?”  Tony quipped, starting the car and circling out of the parking garage with a squeal of rubber.  “Not saying best day ever, because there was that thing at Hef’s that time, but…I am completely onboard with pulling a drop-in.  You pants him—good luck with that, by the way, flyboy--I’ll grab the paperwork, and we’ll meet by the swing-set at dusk.  I love this plan.”
Tony looked down, and noticed there was a dark spot forming on the front of the gown where his cockhead pressed against the silk.  His hips jerked, just a bit, canting forward against the gown, and Tony couldn’t help but pull it tight, letting the head of his cock graze across the soft material.  It wasn’t enough.  It wasn’t nearly enough friction, but as much as he wanted to touch himself, he
Eloquent, Rogers. Very eloquent, Steve thought to himself with a flash of annoyance at himself.  Not that he could entirely blame himself. It was, after all, the first time Steve had seen him since the night before, and it didn’t take much to make Steve’s mind want to remind him of everything that happened.  His skin heated, a nervous, jittery energy thrumming through him at the rush of memories, and the rest of his body was remembering, too. Getting tongue-tied would soon be the least of his problems.
“I’ll just…ah, stand over here, if that’s alright?” Tony stuttered, moving to one side of the room while the agents went towards the conference table and started tapping into flat keyboards that were built into the edges.
Steve woke with a start, heart pounding, muscles tensed in mid-arc as he sat up, wincing against a starburst of pain that followed the motion. His head clogged with disorientation as he looked around, the last vestiges of the dream slipping away as he came to wakefulness.  A house, he recalled.  The memory of it was fading, but it was a familiar enough dream that his mind could fill in the rest.  A woman in a window, waving and coughing, her mouth covered with a blood-stained rag.  Sometimes it was a man.  Sometimes he was screaming.  He wasn’t sure which one this had been. When he tried to dredge up the image, he could only grasp the tendrils of it, but it left him shaken, breath coming in heaving pants.  He looked around, realization settling in.  The camp was still and quiet, a bright crescent moon smiling overhead.  Tony was next to him, breathing evenly and deep, the blanket they shared bunched around one leg.
Relief and something else, something that made Steve’s limbs go watery and quavering, poured through him.  A small, surprised cry tore from Steve’s throat when he felt the King trace his thumb around the circle of his hole, tugging gently at the bottom, before pulling his hand back and studying Steve for a long moment.  He grinned then, and leaned down to place a kiss on the knob of Steve’s knee, then let his mouth followed the path his hand had stroked earlier down the delicate skin on the inside of Steve’s thigh.   Steve gasped, a hiccoughing, stunted sound as the King’s mouth edged lower and lower.  The King stopped, looked up at him from under his lashes, grinned wickedly, then dipped his head back to his task.  The King’s mouth found the seam where Steve’s thigh met his groin, and his tongue darted out to trace the line of skin.  Steve groaned, bit the inside of his cheek to stop himself from crying out, and looked down, seeing only a dark, brown head of almost-curls between his thighs.
“Unclear, Sir,” JARVIS replied.  “It appears there has been some kind of damage to the propulsion systems.”
One of Zola’s guards knocked on the door to the King’s chambers and it was swept open by the tall guard Steve recognized from before, and he was ushered in without a word.  The rooms were quiet, the bed still made and a fire blazing in the hearth.  Torches lit the room, casting shadows on the walls and making Steve think of the shapes Sam could make with his hands, all manner of birds and creatures writ large on the drape of a tent or the rock of a cave, with the sounds to go with them, bringing them to life.  Sometimes, he thought Sam was one of those shapeshifters his Gran used to tell him stories about while she snapped peas, crack after crack, until it sounded like footsteps.  Sam could charm the birds from the trees, talk to them, get them to ferry messages for him in tiny scrolls wrapped around their feet.  Cam would like that, Steve thought, and for a moment, the homesickness that had been lost to survival somewhere in the belly of a nightmare ship reared its head.
, just made do with, space-fillers with no meaning. He had enough of those to recognize them for what they were, though his were exponentially more expensive. He suspected he’d spent just as much time on selecting them, though.
“It’s classified,” Steve said.  He wasn’t sure of that, but he was sure he wasn’t going to give the files to Rumlow to look at under any circumstances.
“Well, I suppose that depends on whether you are fine or not, doesn’t it?” Jarvis replied archly.  “It was never easy.  Certainly, not on you, but I suppose I speak for myself now, old man that I am.  Watching you grow up and being forced to face all you did, so young.  I wanted so much more for you.  Wanted to
“I’m just saying, you know they’d pay big bucks for something like this. Not a million dollars, but something,” Brock pointed out, then drained the rest of his beer and sat the bottle down on the small bedside table.  He flicked the TV off and shimmied under the bedspread, leaving them both laying silently in the dark.
He didn’t love Tony, not yet. Or, he didn’t think he did. It was too soon, wasn’t it? He loved the idea of Tony, though.  The thought that there was something good here for him, and yeah, he could admit that he liked the whole idea of swooping in and saving Tony from whatever fate had in store for him. From those who would
“I’m thinking field trip,” Tony announced.  “Want to come?  You can have the window seat on the bus.”
“Huh?” Tony started, then shook himself out of his stupor.  “Right. Well, let’s not keep him waiting, then.”
“Remind him that we talked about this, and it’s my weekend with you, so if he wants more time, he’s going to have to renegotiate,” Tony quipped, rolling his eyes and dropping the black cloth napkin into his lap.
Steve frowned.  He had Brock.  He loved Brock.  Didn’t he?  He’d said it.  Once.  Probably way too early in their relationship. Totally understandable that Brock wasn’t there yet.  But, he’d thought… at the time, he’d thought… because it had been so nice, at least then, so nice to just--to be with Brock, he’d been so happy, so happy in that moment, because he had Brock, and Brock made him feel… Steve’s mind searched for the right word.
“Nothing to fear, Small Hands,” Tony said.  “They have done this for centuries, isn’t that true, Wendell?”
“I’m good, thanks,” Steve said, taking the chair opposite where Tony lounged on the loveseat.  “Everything okay?” he asked, glancing around towards the suite, where Pepper was pacing behind the glass doors with a phone stuck to her ear, gesturing wildly.  “Was there news about…the thing?  Is that why everyone was here this morning?  I didn’t want to intrude.”
“You’re going to be impressed, I’m telling you,” Stane said, pointing his cigar at Peggy, then giving Steve a long look.  “No Daniel tonight?” Stane asked.
By the time he stepped out of his bedroom and into the living room, he felt better. More himself.  Maybe, had things been different, something could’ve worked out with Steve for a bit. They could’ve had some fun, who knows?  But, losing out on something with Steve wasn’t exactly the end of the world.
“So, you don’t re-up, come back home, try to get your friend some help and somehow end up in Vegas,” Tony finished for him.  “Why Vegas?”
Steve cupped his hands under the water and carefully sprinkled it over Tony’s hair, just enough to wet it, studiously avoiding getting it anywhere near Tony’s face, and yeah, okay, so Steve was probably familiar enough with waterboarding to know what was in Tony’s head. There was something terrifyingly freeing about that, Steve knowing and them just…moving through it.  Working around it, whatever, like it wasn’t something weird and strange, like he wasn’t messed up and broken, it was just a thing they dealt with without it stopping them. His body felt loose and shaky, his limbs sort of dangling, like they were almost detached, his mind hazy with the relief of a burden he hadn’t realized he had been carrying. It wasn’t gone, not really, it just wasn’t going to be A Thing, and he hadn’t known how much he needed it to be normal for them until it just…was.
Steve closed his eyes. Maybe he liked cars.  Tony should get him a red one.  “Do you have a car here?” Steve clarified.
Steve ignored him and ground his hips down on Tony’s finger, pressing it as deep as he could, but it wasn’t enough, wasn’t nearly enough.  He needed more.  He was pretty sure he might have shouted that by Tony’s quick reaction time, as he felt a second finger press in, filling him and moving around, trying to stretch the ring of muscles.  He moved his hips up and down, once, twice, and then again, spreading his legs wider as Tony pumped and swirled his fingers.  “Please, Tony, please,” he heard himself begging in strangled, half-choked keening sounds.
Their mouths met again, more insistent this time.  Steve could feel the hard thickness of Tony’s cock pressing between them, and suddenly, he wanted more.  Reaching down between them, he grasped his own cock in his hand and brought it flush with Tony’s, cupping them both together.
The guards stationed themselves around the pavilion, though the only threat around the area at the moment seemed to be a wayward goat from one of the nearby steppe farms that was intent on chewing its way through the pavilion’s tenting.  It brayed with annoyance when one of the slaves tried to shoo it away and promptly went back to gnawing on an edge of the flap.  Steve chuckled a bit at the antics as he made his way to the flat cushion and sat down. Cam immediately set about arranging Steve’s robe, standing back and cocking his head to the side, then darting over to fix a fold or drape until he was satisfied.  One of the slaves brought Steve a cup of cool water flavored with a slice of orange while he waited for Tony and the others to return, ducking her head at Steve’s attempt at thanking her.
“Raiders.  At one of my ports,” the King repeated in a dull, tight voice.  “And you saw this?  You’re sure?  You’re absolutely sure?”
“So sensitive.  You should have jewelry for them.  They make chains for them that attach to your collar or your cock, you know?  Beautiful decorations that you wear beneath your robes, that only I would know about.  You would wear them and think of me each time they pull or tug, and they would.  All day.  While you are sitting with your paints or having a repast.  They would make you ache and think of me.  Would you like that, my beautiful one?” Tony asked and wrapped his hand around Steve’s cock, just holding it there, heating Steve’s skin even against the warmth of the water.
“This isn’t going to work,” Tony grimaced when U held the water bottle a good six inches from the end of the candle and tipped it halfway to one side.
“Looked a tad more like trying to work your way alphabetically through the alcohol cabinet and your shitty group of not-friends-hangers-on, but whatever gets you through the nights,” Rhodey replied, wrapping one warm hand around Tony’s shoulder and giving it a light squeeze.
“So, it worked, I guess.  I mean, obviously, so that’s…that’s good, right,” Steve said. “Whatever happened, it got Tony out of his dream, so…that’s all that matters.”
He pulled open the door--the cold always made it stick--and drew back in shock, so surprising was the sight that greeted him that he could only stare, open mouthed, unable to quite manage to form a greeting.
“We’ll walk the rest of the way in,” Tony said. “Give us some time, then follow.  Rhodey, have the men camp here.  Here, and no further, until you have my leave,” Tony ordered.
“Let him go?  So he can run back and tell on us?  Oh, so sorry, Cap, we snagged your guy by accident?  Sure, sure, we know about the list, but, you know, my dumbass partner couldn’t resist a
It felt to Steve almost as if each word carried a small push behind it, so that it filled Steve’s mind with a scattering of thoughts and images. A sting of emptiness in his stomach.  The food, how good it looked, how nice it would be to have a full belly and dine on a meal such as this, which he almost never got, even when his mother had been alive, except maybe at the holidays, if they were lucky, which they almost never were. His last meal, potatoes with a side of more potatoes, with a bit of salted butter.  The pleasurable warmth of a full belly.  Looking in the window once at people eating at the guesthouse down in Gulleytown.
“I know it’s kind of silly.  The mug,” Steve said, bringing Tony’s rambling to a halt.  The small, soft smile that made the corners of Steve’s eyes gather was back, making Tony’s heart skip a beat and his stomach churn with something that felt almost like anticipation.  “I saw it, and I thought about what you said a few weeks ago, about the black holes your telescope found maybe being dark matter.  I said maybe the lens was dirty, and you spent two hours explaining the coalescence of primordial black holes, before telling me that if I wanted a comedy about matter and black holes, we could just watch the Star Trek reboot.”
“Fine, fine,” Tony mumbled.  “Let’s just,” he waved a hand and reached out to push the call button.   Get out of here, he mentally finished, scraping his hand through his hair.
“I’ll eat pretty much anything if it involves bread and cheese,” Tony told him, turning away from the view and walking over to where Steve was standing, balancing the large, white boxes on one hand.
“I do not think I will tell him that, either,” Yinsen replied, eyeing where Steve watched the two of them with a furrowed brow.  There was something of an apology in his voice, at least.  Tony supposed that was something.
“True, true.  I mean, sure, he’s probably not a bad guy or anything.  They’d have raked him over the coals if he was, what withTMZ or whoever always chasing after him. Still can’t believe that thing on the balcony happened, though, huh,” Brock said. “Pretty fucking ballsy, that guy. I get that he likes sex--I mean, who hasn’t watched the videos, you know? That model did a tell-all a couple years back, and I’m pretty sure the words “sex god” were used.  So, yeah, he gets around, sure.  Probably done just about everything and everyone, if the gossip’s even half true, so it probably doesn’t seem like a big deal to him to shoot his shot. And you’re...you,” he added, waving a hand in Steve’s direction. “Who wouldn’t want to tap that?”
“It certainly is that,” Tony agreed.  “It has kept the Rands in power for generations, though they long for closer connections to the Crown.  Only one Rand ever married into the royal family, and they do not forget that. Hell, I’m fairly sure Wendell sent his son to Court in the hopes he would catch my eye.  Not that it wouldn’t be a good match, but…” he trailed off, biting his lip and turning to look out the window.
Tony wouldn’t even know, but Steve would know he’d failed.  He couldn’t do that. He wanted to call out to Tony, beg for his attention, just for a moment, but he couldn’t do that either, and then there was...another kind of need.  Underneath it all. Blossoming bright and hot and so deep down, he had to reach for it. Tony wasn’t paying attention. Tony was ignoring him. Like he wasn’t even there. Like he didn’t matter, not as much as what Tony was doing, anyway.  He was insignificant. Inferior. Unworthy. His insides liquified at the thought, his cock hardening painfully.
“Hey,” Steve called out as he approached Tony’s side.  Tony didn’t say anything, but slowed and let Steve reach for his hand, though the earlier easy looseness with which Tony seemed to melt into his side after dinner was gone.
“Okay, these are done,” Tony said, taking a few more patties off the grill.  “You know, if I had a propane tank or a hose for the gas line…”
“That was kind of the point, Tony,” Steve reminded him.  “Believe it or not, I didn’t get hired for my scintillating conversational skills.” Tony barked out a low chuckle, nodded and seemed to relax, leaning back in his seat and swishing the wine around in the glass before taking another taste.
“I’m sorry,” Cam whispered hurriedly.  “I just asked Lena, because I wasn’t sure I told you right.  Maybe it was different for concubines or--I don’t know.  I didn’t tell her it was because of you, I swear, and she promised—”
How could he have even thought….well, what he’d thought?  Projecting was one thing…this was…this was just deluding himself, a failing he hated above almost all others.  He landed a particularly solid punch against the bag, sending it flying against the wall, seams bursting and fill spilling out all over the gym floor.  He stared down at it for a long moment, then grabbed another bag from the row along the wall and hoists it to the hook, with every intention of continuing pounding away, but instead just watched it sway a bit, one hand resting lightly on it to steady it.
“I’ve been thinking about you all day,” Tony told him, and that much at least was true enough. “So sorry about this whole crazy misunderstanding. Dear.”
“I can—whatever, I can—Steve, just tell me, please, please, I need—“ Tony stammered.  His stomach clenched.  He was doing something wrong.  He’d messed up.  Something.  Something wasn’t right, dammit, he’d screwed this up, somehow, though, God only knew how--
“I’m not making weapons for SHIELD or anyone else,” Tony finally managed.  He thought it might have even sounded vaguely firm.
It hurt.  Steve wasn’t going to lie to himself.  But, this was the part Tony needed from him, and he’d maybe been trying to tell Steve that the whole night, even if Steve had been too enamored to see it.  Hadn’t Tony been trying to make it about the money, about what he could do for Steve, since the beginning?  Because that was what this was.  A business deal.  An unusual one, sure, but Tony was paying for services rendered, and he kept trying to make that clear to Steve, even if Steve’s mind had stubbornly refused to want to see it.  Quid pro quo.  That’s all this was, and he needed to do a better job remembering that.
“Um…Hi, Happy.  I know what this looks like, but I just need to talk to him.  I swear I won’t take up much of his time,” Steve tried to explain.
“Tony, that is not a man who is going to say no.  If he was, you’d have heard it by now.  He strike you as the doesn’t express his opinion well type?  Hell, even Barnes knows Steve wants this.  But, he needed to stop telling himself that he was trying to say no, while letting you keep doing all the heavy lifting,” Rhodey insisted.  “Now, let’s go have some wontons.  Maybe I’ll get sauce this time.”
