“No wonder you want to bite Sammy. He has nerd all through his blood.”
Dean was confused, “Bullshit. Nothing has a claim on me.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The predatory gleam in Faith’s eyes should have unsettled the Hunter. Instead, he relished the idea of being blatantly claimed by the Dhampir.
Gabriel shook his head, “I’m staying right here until Castiel can fill that bra.”
“He doesn’t seem to be the patient type, so we’ll probably find out soon.”
“I – that’s, no,” Dean stuttered.
“I should have let you stand, first,” Chuck mused, “But Dean would have questioned everything, and only made it harder for you to ask about the Cage.”
“And you shouldn’t have experienced it in the first place!”
“Dean has always called me an overly-emotional sap,” Sam said to Lucifer, “Try talking about what you’re feeling; even if you don’t understand why you’re acting weird.”
“You were gossiping,” Dean pointed out.
5 - If you're too shy to comment, but you enjoyed the story, leave me a :) . I love knowing my work is appreciated.
Gadreel found Lucifer’s near-humanity to be rather fascinating. The cold, distant Grace of Samael had taken on a harshness by the time the incident in the Garden had taken place.
Dean let himself be distracted by Cas while the Archangels dealt with some ‘Pagan business’. He accepted the flimsy excuse that Sam needed moral support while he adjusted to his new powers.
“What about Sam?” Dean asked worriedly.
Dean sent silently,
As Sam pushed forward a tendril of the foreign power to be added to the wards, fury leaked out from Lucifer. There was something else too, something dark and far more volatile.
Gabriel remained invisible as he watched the drama unfold. He was surprised that Castiel had finally spoken up; emotional turmoil had increased his bravery.
Gabriel remained invisible until Castiel had finished vomiting into the bucket. He was tempted to use his power to heal his brother, but he knew Castiel would make the same mistake again if the suffering was erased.
Castiel held out her arms hesitantly and within a second, she had an armful of a whimpering Angel.
“I just need time and space to decode the Demon tablet,” Kevin said firmly, “I don’t want Crowley to get away with killing Channing.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“It looks the same colour as toilet-cleaner,” Dean complained, “You couldn’t pay me to drink it.”
At dusk on the twelfth of March, a familiar face arrived at the gate.
“You can be the meat in the Winchester sandwich,” Gabriel said with a wink, “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“Try these,” Gabriel pushed a plate of pancakes at his brother.
Sam was confused; why were there two Lucifers? He had never seen more than one in the Cage.
Dean hissed,
Castiel had no choice but to sit back and do nothing. The moment Chuck threatened Dean, his course was fixed.
Castiel shook his head and the prayer he sent was muted by desperate self-loathing.
In a final, desperate move to protect Dean from being violated telepathically, Castiel ripped the fragment of his Grace free once more. He fled from the soul and attempted to tear himself free of Dean’s body.
Gabriel reached forward and pressed two fingers against his forehead. Sam recoiled instinctively as he received the memories.
“Chuck explained that you always had empathy, but the Mark suppressed it,” Sam pointed out, “I didn’t infect you; just reactivated it.”
Sam wondered if Michael was enjoying a similar experience.
“How can I feel your feathers if they’re not corporeal?” Dean wondered.
Dean hadn’t realized how tense he was until the touch allowed him to relax.
Dean sucked in a horrified gasp, while Sam pulled at the chains instinctively. The wings were mesmerising; imagining them damaged was gut-wrenching.
Castiel watched Dean warily and wondered if the Hunter could really allow himself to be possessed by an Angel. Gabriel offered an encouraging smile and pulled a key out of his pocket.
“Sure; don’t drink more than one bottle every two hours. This is Angel-only juice, if humans drink it, they die within seconds.”
“Yes, though there is no guarantee that I will listen.”
“Dhampirs cannot reproduce,” Gabriel confirmed.
“Yeah, I know,” Sam recalled, “That constipated expression you find so entertaining.”
“Dean, I can donate some blood. No biting,” Sam insisted.
“Hurts,” Sam grunted.
“It’s lovely to meet you, Faith. I haven’t come across a Dhampir in at least four centuries,” Gabriel revealed casually, “I’m here to make sure Dean doesn’t come in and behead you while Sam gives you some blood.”
“Do you want some dinner, Castiel?” Jane asked politely.
“Michael changed after Lucifer fell,” Balthazar recalled, “He never laughed again, and he was a right bastard at times.”
“Do we have a plan?” Faith asked curiously, “Or do we rush in and hope to avoid death?”
“How can you tell?”
Dean looked thoughtful, “I only want one willing lady; two at the most. Could you -”
“Jealousy? Is that what it’s called? I don’t like it.”
The Archangel smirked, “If you really want to comfort him, give him a kiss.”
“Even God was impressed by the amount of porn on Dean’s laptop, so expect to see lots of self-abuse.”
“I can feel your exhaustion,” Castiel said softly, “I expect the pain of our incomplete bond kept you awake all night. You should sleep.”
Castiel listened to Angel radio while he monitored the sleep cycle Dean was experiencing. He heard the outcry of sheer joy when the rest of the Angels realized that God had returned.
“So you don’t die of a broken heart!” Gabriel hissed, “In the previous timeline, you had a few years left, at most. If a vessel change will save your life, I’m going to do it.”
“When are you moving out?” Dean demanded of Balthazar.
“Exploding?” Faith repeated shrilly, “Does that happen often?”
“More than you could ever comprehend,” Gabriel replied cheekily, “Be more specific.”
Faith could hear the acceleration in Dean’s heartbeat once Castiel was mentioned, in direct opposition to his casual outward appearance. Sam’s comment on inappropriate thoughts triggered a definite spike.
“Then, you
Gabriel blinked innocently up at the pissed-off Hunter, “Are you always so grumpy in the morning?”
Dean slowly reached out to the closest hand resting on Castiel’s chest. A tingle of warmth shot through his hand to hover in his shoulder.
Dean began to regulate his breathing automatically. The idea of Michael and Lucifer being freed was terrifying.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“I didn’t anticipate that from Dean’s soul,” Chuck agreed, “That’s what I love about humanity; they are full of surprises.”
“If you’re right -” Sam began.
Gabriel tapped his jaw with one finger, “Well, I rescued Meg, killed the Demons who were holding her hostage and we fetched the Angel tablet,” he said casually, “She is in a safe house at the moment. Castiel suggested a vote or something on whether she should be invited to the bunker.”
“I’m billions of years old,” Castiel pointed out wearily, “I ‘grew up’ a long time ago.”
The droop in Dean’s shoulders indicated that Michael had been pushed forward.
“I doubt the intricacies of human language will help me rule Heaven and Earth,” Michael said condescendingly.
Sam was the first to notice the abrupt change in the Archangel. He tightened his hold on Faith when Gabriel sat up straight and dug his fingers into the fabric of the cushions.
Gabriel was making a nuisance of himself while Linda transferred the shopping into various cupboards or the refrigerator. He had already opened a pack of lollipops when a ripple of Angelic power slammed into him.
“No idea.”
“That’s Dean-speak for; ‘What the hell?’,” Sam interpreted.
“Like Faith exploding?” Castiel interrupted.
“Did Father resurrect you, too?” Samandriel asked curiously.
Gabriel provided a range of pie and ice-cream for dessert while Michael watched the memories of Castiel as ‘God’.
Gabriel smiled mysteriously, “I have plans; you will find out about them eventually.”
“Delicious,” she replied with a satisfied sigh, “Like you were made for me.”
“Crowley is kind of an ally, now,” Gabriel said from behind Samandriel, “We’ll keep him away from you.”
“Is there anything else we should know?” Sam asked apprehensively.
“Too slow, old man,” Faith laughed as she avoided his hands, “If I win again, I’m going to give you my version of a hickey.”
Gabriel sighed, “I experienced eating, drinking, sex, getting drunk, hangovers and grief. It was good to experience but I couldn’t live that way. It turns out sex is just as fun as an Angel, just turn off Angel radio and listen to the instincts of your vessel rather than burying them.”
Dean could feel his heart thudding as the adrenalin surged through his body. He reached out to grab Castiel’s wrist in a tight grip. The nightmare was one he had experienced many times, and his friend had saved him before the Demon could touch him.
Castiel left Dean the moment he was able, his essence represented as an impossibly bright light above the bed. He was very thankful for Gabriel throwing up a shield to save the eyes of the mortals in the room.
Dean regarded Gabriel thoughtfully. The Archangel blew him a kiss and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
“So, bonding our souls won’t hurt Faith?” Sam asked quietly.
“I like the non-asshole version of you, Luci,” Gabriel assured him.
Gabriel entered the room while shaking his head, “You two are hopeless; you should be making out by now.”
“If I cannot trust my own judgement, how can I ever make decisions?” Castiel wondered philosophically.
Castiel stared at the wall in front of him, “Gabriel said something similar. His plan to save my life is as odd as you would expect.”
“Do tell,” Balthazar invited with a lazy wave of his hand.
Sam considered retaking control, but the confidence Faith exuded held him back.
“I expect the knowledge was ripped out of your head in Heaven’s torture chamber,” Gabriel mused.
“Coming back up!” Faith called.
“You will not!” Dean insisted. He backed away a few steps, as though he could distance himself from how uncomfortable he felt.
“You’re back so fast,” Castiel observed, female again, “Did something happen?”
Sam pushed his weight back onto his legs. He spotted the ankle chains which kept him from being able to defend himself with his feet.
“I have witnessed much of that,” Castiel agreed, “Though there was a lot of ridiculous behaviour from sensible people once alcohol was involved.”
Castiel remained silent and studied the plain ceiling.
Castiel was shaking and the tremor in his wings increased.
“Damn,” Adam snorted, “He can have that record; I’d explode before then.”
Sam wilted slightly and a muscle in his jaw twitched, “Fine. I’ll get the towels. Put the damn gun away.”
“Really? That’s nice,” Samandriel mused, “Though he was probably just talking about my vessel.”
“Sure, you just need the outfit,” Sam teased.
Gabriel caught his brother’s wrists in one hand, “You’re being unnecessarily difficult. I’ll give you the all the memories up to Dean turning into a Demon if you keep this up.”
Dean glared at his brother, “Dude;
“Is he still alive?” Dean asked hopefully.
Gabriel helped Castiel to the bed, where the wounded Angel sprawled on his stomach. His wings were tightly folded against his back.
Gabriel should not have been surprised; his brother could not deny his bond with the human without his Grace to hide behind.
Castiel twitched constantly and his eyes were active behind his eyelids. The two women were sure he was trapped somehow between sleep and reality, thanks to Gabriel.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Castiel and Dean appeared behind Asmodeus, well clear of the circle of fire.
“Why were you in the dungeon?” Castiel asked curiously.
“Gabriel has been grabbing humans and hiding them from the other Archangels,” Balthazar explained, “You two needed special protection, or something. We didn’t ask questions.”
As there were no vessels available during the era Dean wanted to visit, the memory began with a flash of light which left Dean seeing stars.
“Hello?” Dean called out, “Anyone alive in there?”
When Sam returned with Faith he beamed at Dean. Without words, the brothers agreed that life couldn’t get much better, even if the world had been turned upside-down.
“I was tortured,” Castiel spat, “Healing is easier in the presence of a human soul.”
“Thanks for the History lesson,” Dean said with a snort, “What’s his problem?”
“Where are you going?” Castiel asked.
“That’s so weird,” Faith decided. Her eyes flicked to Gabriel, “Is it the same story for you?”
“Yep, I’m here. Wakey, wakey little brother,” Dean replied, “We’ve got Angel asshats to deal with.”
Lucifer trudged out after Sam and headed for the lounge. He threw himself down next to Gabriel, who rolled his eyes at the childish display.
Sam wanted to see Faith, but it was a longing rather than a desperate need.
The crease above Castiel’s eyes indicated confusion. Dean was impressed that the Angel was so expressive in the image of his previous vessel.
Gabriel pressed his index finger to his lips to indicate she had discovered a profound secret.
“Of course,” Castiel replied, reaching over with the hand which was not clasped in Dean’s own.
“You have spirit, little girl,” he mused, “I’ll enjoy breaking you.”
“So, you’re going to stay here for a while?” Samandriel asked hopefully.
“It managed to choke me, on the first day,” Sam recalled.
Faith heard Dean mention ‘victims with their hearts removed’ before she tuned out. Her thoughts remained with her family and friends; every single one of them had already passed away.
Sam sank down to sit on the warm sand, “Where are we?”
“Sam is demanding I hug you,” Lucifer revealed, “Is that acceptable?”
“You’re a lot faster and stronger than I expected,” Sam admitted, taking the opportunity to rest on the mat.
“And you have a plan?” Sam guessed.
“Stop it, Dean!” Sam snapped.
“Sleep well, Dean,” Castiel murmured as two fingers touched the forehead of the Hunter.
“I don’t hate you anymore,” Lucifer said quietly, “But I might hate myself, now.”
“I don’t know how else to live with this feeling,” Lucifer admitted through gritted teeth, “It’s like a volcano burning me from the inside.”
“Is he insane?” Castiel asked in a rush.
“It’s there,” Gabriel countered, “But men have the awful habit of thinking with their genitals.”
“I’ll try not to feel guilty, but I can’t promise anything,” Cas offered grudgingly.
“I can’t sleep in jeans,” Dean said defensively, “I’m not an Angel who can lie around comfortably in a bloody trench-coat.”
Sam couldn’t remember the visit from Cas or any major change; the experience was all fire and pain.
Castiel stared at the Archangel with the curious head-tilt which indicated he was rapidly processing new information, “I’m sorry I wasn’t there to help.”
Lucifer glanced at the hand before narrowing his eyes suspiciously, “Who are you, and what have you done with my Father?”
Dean narrowed his eyes at the smirk the taller man wore, “You know what’s happening. What do I have to kill to get laid?”
Gabriel and Castiel tuned out Angel radio in favour of their new family.
Once Gabriel was sure no-one was going to try to lynch Lucifer, he sought out Sam.
“Like a supernova,” Gabriel confirmed.
“I have to leave!”  Castiel cried as soon as Gabriel appeared, “Take them off!”
“Handcuff me to the bed before lights out!” Faith snapped.
Dean snorted, “You can’t have free will and someone fixing mistakes to take it away at the same time.”
“How is that a threat?” Lucifer scoffed.
“Faith has been telling me about the memory highlights downloaded into her brain. Do you know why you passed out, but she didn’t?” Jane asked curiously.
The Archangel clicked his fingers; Dean and Castiel disappeared. He glanced over to where Sam and Faith were sleeping, and decided to relocate them, too.
Jack analysed the timeline with a frown. He returned to the Heaven where his version of the Winchester brothers to seek their advice.
“Yes. Can’t you see it too?”
Dean felt the silent reassurance wrap around him like a warm blanket. The next words from Gabriel ripped the blanket away instantly.
Sam was torn by that idea. His instinctive reaction was relief that Lucifer was finally leave him alone. The idea of unleashing the Devil on an earlier version of himself was not comforting.
Dean accidently inhaled a mouthful of beer and descended into a violet coughing fit. Sam was utterly speechless.
“I promised I wouldn’t,” Castiel grumbled.
“It all went to shit when I left,” Gabriel joked, “Losing Dad was manageable; I should have known I was the backbone of that place.”
Gabriel liked how blunt and clueless Castiel acted; there was an innocence to her that was rare in the world. Gabriel was glad that he could spend time with one of his siblings and honestly enjoy the experience.
Castiel recognised the glimmer of the human souls within the unconscious men.
By the time Dean was assured that Sam wasn’t going to disintegrate or descend into insanity, Lucifer was wrapped around Gabriel like a human octopus.
Gabriel was not fascinated with the human drive to progress and improve; he was on Earth to enjoy himself. Sex, drugs, food; every hedonistic pleasure people were capable of, he explored thoroughly.
“I believe that this reality is one of countless billions, and he is trying something slightly different in each one.”
“Slow death? From depression?”
Gabriel nodded and sat down next to Sam’s hip. A moment later, Lucifer took control and scrambled backwards to brace his borrowed body against the headboard.
“Balthazar is a good guy hiding under a snarky, selfish bastard,” Sam recalled, “I’m glad he’s back, but if he wants revenge against Cas, I’d let Gabriel kill him.”
“You don’t have to move, Cas,” Dean muttered. He sat next to Castiel, with his back resting against the headboard.
“Not intentionally,” Castiel assured him, “I don’t know how to reassure you that there is no memory or thought which could make me think less of you.”
The hope in Sam’s expression was heartbreaking. Awful words like ‘freak’ and ‘abomination’ were so prominent, Gabriel couldn’t shut them out.
“I don’t want to hurt anyone,” Faith said simply as they entered the corridor. She remembered the path she had followed many times. It was so strange to think that was more than half a century ago.
Samandriel glanced down at his body, “My vessel was twenty when I possessed him. His name was Alfie and he is in Heaven now.”
The alarm on Sam’s face cancelled out the giddy happiness she was feeling.
Castiel smiled, pleased that Dean would have trouble limiting their exploration to kissing unless she was covered up.
“I’ve started seeing glimpses of Balthazar’s wings,” Jane admitted with a shy smile.
“You should have just killed me,” Lucifer muttered. He didn’t realize he had spoken aloud until Chuck replied;
“Lucifer?” he called hesitantly, “I’m coming in to speak to you.”
“I’m offering a trade,” Sam bargained, “I’ll share my memories in exchange for your recollection of your Fall from Heaven.”
“Castiel,” Balthazar said haughtily, “When I told you to get a piece of your favourite Winchester, this is not what I meant.”
“But Michael loves you, in a weird Angel way,” Dean continued.
Sam paused the movie, as everyone was riveted by the one-sided conversation.
“Castiel?” a voice said urgently, “Can you stand?”
The fifth key fitted the padlock connecting the handcuffs to the wall-chain, but it wouldn’t turn. The seventh key triggered the lock, which Sam ripped open.
“That’s so much better,” she said with a smile.
Faith watched with undisguised curiosity as Castiel shifted closer to her brother. Gabriel held out one hand and manoeuvred his sibling closer.
“I was just grateful to have company in there,” Lucifer admitted, “And finally being able to kick Michael’s ass was oddly soothing, no matter how often he returned the favour.”
“For now,” Gabriel agreed, “But of it comes down to letting you die or forcing you to reabsorb your Grace, don’t expect me to sit back and let you be a self-hating nitwit.”
“Would you prefer I sleep elsewhere?”
“Didn’t you want to punish me for throwing you back in there?”
“I would have killed more,” Gabriel offered unhelpfully, “I would have slaughtered those who refused to take a side, too.”
Jane was more direct, “What did you do, Gabriel?”
“They’re cute,” Dean teased, “And sensitive.”
“Ten bucks we have to dig a grave,” Dean offered casually.
Dean was alarmed by the clear fear in the eyes of the stoic Angel.
“And you want the
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“You can’t give someone as a gift!” Dean protested hotly.
Dean checked in with Kevin, who was still working on the Demon tablet. Eventually the conversation turned to Castiel, and some of his odd behaviour since he had returned from Purgatory.
Sam glanced over at Dean, who was lying motionless in the bed. The snoring had ceased but that was never a guarantee that the Hunter was awake.
“Sam has the Devil in his head; that’s the definition of ‘unsafe’,” Dean argued.
“Of course,” Chuck assured him, “The bond between you two was a side effect of retrieving you from Hell. Searching for a compatible soul and seeking consent will be a better option for the others.”
Gabriel gave up trying to reason with Castiel or the Winchesters. The conversation about talking to a cat was irritating before the giggling started.
Three single beds were tucked closely to each other. Sam was asleep on the furthest bed and Dean was on the closest one.
“Sarcasm noted. Expect more nightmares without Castiel using his Grace to help you and Boofhead sleep,” Gabriel added, “You two have no idea how much he looked after you over the years. The sexually transmitted infections alone -”
“Tell them you wanted a Pet.”
Gabriel was mildly interested in the dynamic between Meg and Sam. The history they shared should have led to a mutual hatred, yet they were almost friends.
“Since when did stripping become a hobby?” Faith asked curiously.
Gabriel warned.
Castiel felt his throat close in terror. It was an awful feeling he had not expected.
“Cas, is Chuck going to open the Cage?” Dean asked in a horrified whisper.
Castiel smiled, “She is rather powerful.”
Castiel sent with gratitude.
“Gabriel can handle moving Kevin,” Dean said, quite unconcerned, “I’ll ring him after we’ve eaten.”
One of the Demons huffed a laugh, which drew a glare from the leader.
Castiel closed his eyes and began chanting in Enochian. Dean felt his shoulder begin to tingle. The wings glowed and faded slightly. To Dean, they looked like ghost wings; they were present but transparent.
The redhead practically skipped down the hall to the library.
“I like her already,” Dean mused.
The abrupt appearance of another person at the far end of the table chilled Castiel to the core. She shrank back against the chair, her posture wilting in seconds.
Sam considered the idea thoughtfully. The idea of allowing a different version of himself to live without experiencing the Cage was rather tempting.
“Father doesn’t agree,” Gabriel added gently.
“No, I mean, do we have to explore my memories?” Dean asked, “Can’t you snuggle with the missing piece of Grace while we wander through your head?”
“Who cares?” Dean scoffed, “They’re beautiful, and none of your business.”
“You’re welcome to her,” Crowley snorted, “Odds are, her conscience will kill her, anyway.”
“Like in that messed-up timeline, when Lucifer was in Cas,” Dean recalled.
“It’s still on your soul,” Gabriel corrected.
“Party-pooper,” Dean muttered.
“I’m going to be selfish,” Dean said with fake confidence, “God can look after the world; I only care about my family.”
“I thought you were going to stay with Cas until he wakes; is something important happening?”
“Getting my big brothers drunk.”
Sam winked at Dean before continuing to the kitchen.
“Don’t take it too seriously,” Faith answered Samandriel, “It’s a comedy, so just enjoy the absurdity.”
Sam’s shoulders slumped. Three days had passed since Faith had fed off him; he wanted to be at the bunker when her next craving hit. The thought should have been disturbing, but he was looking forward to it.
Castiel turned her head to regard Gabriel with piercing eyes, “I will be eternally grateful that you stopped me from cooperating with Metatron. I cannot speak for the Winchesters, but I will abide by your decisions in this.”
“And the tablet itself?”
The silence which followed was oddly comfortable. Castiel appreciated being so close to Dean and he was sure that the Hunter needed time to process the conversation.
“I ended up in a psych ward,” Sam argued, “He nearly succeeded.”
Jane regarded Faith through narrowed eyes, “And what does Gabriel expect me to do?”
Crowley studied Dean and Castiel intently. The Hunter pulled a cross-eyes face to throw off whatever the Demon was thinking.
“Every society has its own taboos and I have never understood why,” Castiel agreed, “They change over time and are rarely common across civilisations. I don’t see the point.”
“Why is his heart broken? I assume you’re not being literal,” Jane reasoned.
While Balthazar surveyed the scene, Adam shifted, put a pillow under his head and settled in Samandriel’s lap.
Sam patter the bed between his knees, “It will be safer if you feed from my arm.”
Gabriel guided Sam through the process of filtering out Angel Radio while Dean observed Lucifer.
Castiel twisted the edge of the blankets in his hands, “I don’t think any change would change the way Dean thinks of me.”
“Don’t do that!” Dean growled, “We could have walked!”
“But you’ll do it anyway?” Gabriel guessed.
Gabriel didn’t need sleep, but he did relax into a state of deep meditation. He allowed Angel radio to filter through when he felt sufficiently rested, so he could monitor the Angels.
“Is Faith strong enough?” Dean wondered.
“Michael will protect him,” Gabriel assured the Hunter, “Are you hungry?”
“If you’ll excuse me?” Gabriel said rhetorically. He disappeared an instant later.
Faith glared at the Archangel, “No blackmailing. I won’t cooperate.”
Chuck withdrew his hand and offered a weary smile, “Isn’t it ironic that you hated humanity, yet their study of psychology led me to realize your lack of empathy was due to the Mark?”
Jane giggled at the dumbstruck expression on Alanna’s face, “Was he always such a smart-ass?”
“This is vile!” Michael announced, staring at the glass of rum with distaste.
“So, tell me your bloody plans,” the former Angel insisted with a frown.
“Um, Cas? I can still see your feathery bits.”
As the feathers piled up, Castiel’s legs gave out from under him. His weight hung heavily on his wrists and whimpers fell from his lips involuntarily.
Hell faded away as Castiel helped Dean to his feet. He was startled when the Hunter pressed his face into the collar of the trench-coat and clung to fistfuls of the fabric.
“No,” Gabriel replied, “Unfortunately, Lucifer caused his own problems.”
“I have not heard of Jane.”
“Faith, it’s okay, he’s a friend,” Sam tried to reassure her.
“Why did it knock him out?” Dean demanded.
“I plan to teach you how to manage them, or at least help,” Dean offered.
Castiel retrieved the box of feathers and regard the contents sadly, “I can’t tell if any of these are genuine.”
“Why didn’t you lose power, Gabriel?” Sam asked.
“Faith and Sam are in the early stages of courtship; they are not fornicating yet,” Castiel explained.
“Be good to my little brother,” Gabriel instructed softly, “I could threaten to do something terrible if you hurt him, if you think it would help.”
Dean glared at the empty chair Chuck had occupied, once the irritating deity disappeared with Sam.
Gabriel felt the wave of anxiety a moment before Sam’s hand latched onto his shoulder.
Sam started with some moves to escape restraint, which Faith mastered very quickly. As he was showing her how to use his momentum and bodyweight to flip him onto his back, he silently hoped she did not realize he was rather turned on by the contact.
“You possessed him in an alternate timeline,” Lucifer said dismissively.
“You are much more entertaining than your brother,” Gabriel mused, “I really don’t know what Castiel sees in him.”
“What pressure?”
Years of practise in flirting and seduction had allowed him to be confident in pursuing a bedpartner. Dean realized that he wanted to kiss Cas, and he had never been so unsure of himself.
Adam smiled, “So, he thinks he’s in his twenties, Gabriel is the same. I think Michael skipped straight into his forties where he assumes he is responsible for everyone.”
“That bond you two have is growing fast,” Gabriel pointed out, “Who knows what side effects will emerge?”
“We heard it already,” Balthazar laughed, “Cassie lost her concentration somehow, and the soundproofing failed.”
“Bullshit,” Sam huffed, “After all that time with Lucifer, it’s twisted into knots.”
“He made sure I am aware of serious threats in the near future, so I didn’t make the same mistakes,” Castiel explained, “I don’t agree with what he did, but I do understand why he did it.”
“Emotions,” Castiel explained simply, “Our wings are rarely shared because they react to emotions we prefer to bury under out Grace. Physical intimacy often evokes similar sentiments, and humans have no way to suppress their reactions.”
Sam continued to watch his brother with a speculative smirk developing on his face.
When he rebelled against Heaven, he had acknowledged the lack of morality in most other Angels. He had made a deliberate decision to ally with the Winchester brothers instead. His first major mistake was allying with Crowley to defeat Raphael. Looking back, that was when he should have realized his own judgement was not trustworthy either.
Castiel had fought through the haze of self-hatred to have a shower. As midday approached, he was lying on top of the neatly made bed, staring at the ceiling.
“That’s a very round-a-bout way of saying ‘I’m sorry’,” Lucifer remarked.
“No shit.”
Castiel waited patiently for Dean to readjust. The hand which shot out to encircle his wrist reassured the Hunter and the bond between them warmed.
“I can take the chain off so you can take a shower,” Sam offered, “I’ll look for the spare clothes.”
Sam nodded thoughtfully; his eyes fixed on Chuck.
Castiel considered this for a few long moments before he turned to Gabriel, “Take my Grace, I need to get wasted.”
“I resurrected some of the alternate Universes Chuck made,” Jack explained, “There was one where Gabriel was sent back to change thing, which Amara liked.”
“Are you two shagging like bunnies, yet?” Meg asked mischievously.
Castiel slowly raised his head and squinted at the unexpected being in front of him.
“Fine, I’ll carry her,” Sam growled.
“I am thankful every second of the day,” Faith replied cheekily.
Cas paused in her attempts to unhook the bra blindly, “If I transform in my sleep, this could break a rib,” she explained, “And these would strangle my -”
“I even helped to take out Dick Roman,” Meg reminded Kevin and Linda, “Clearly, I’ve spent too much time with Castiel.”
“You are very arrogant,” Samandriel said lightly.
“And the rest?”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel greeted automatically.
“No, he just likes you,” Sam mumbled.
Instead of the spartan bedroom he expected, Dean found himself in the Impala. He was further disoriented by his position; the passenger seat.
Chuck and someone who usually read the news were walking down a street. Sam wondered how the person holding the camera kept their hands so steady.
“He worked at ‘Weiner on a Stick’,” Dean added unhelpfully.
Dean could sense Michael analysing his memories for interactions with Uriel, which were evoked by the mention of the Angel. Learning that Anna had killed Uriel to save Castiel surprised Michael.
“Meg is also safe,” Gabriel added.
“So, we notice the change more than you do?” Sam summarised.
“I did consider turning Dean into a woman,” Gabriel admitted.
“No.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Fine; you can have Meg. If she makes a move to overthrow me, the deal is off.”
Gabriel chuckled, “You two are so cute!”
Gabriel laughed at the pair as they stumbled out of the room. He waited until they were out of earshot before asking the question hovering in his mind.
“Is Lucifer behaving himself?” Faith asked bluntly.
By the time Gabriel returned to the bunker, Lucifer was stretched out on the couch, staring at the ceiling.
Sam ignored the low-level bickering between Gabriel and Dean. His concern for Adam was covering a much deeper fear; that Lucifer would soon be free. Logically, he knew he needed to confront the Archangel who haunted his nightmares, but the dread growing in his chest could not be ignored.
A sad smile was all he could conjure for his rejoicing siblings. He had accepted the flaws in his own Father and His plans before the Cage slammed shut. The rest of the Angels still assumed God was perfect; he envied and pitied them at the same time.
“Balthazar.”
Crowley watched her leave the table and exit the room with confident strides.
Michael couldn’t suppress the images and denial he wanted to articulate.
Balthazar shifted his focus to Sam, who murmured incoherently.
“Castiel trusts Gabriel, but he doesn’t trust his own judgement,” Faith continued, “He trusts you two, when you agree on something.”
The silence which descended upon Angel radio left him feeling rather smug.
Gabriel sighed dramatically, “I prompted you two to find Faith, but that’s it. I did not put her there.”
Sam knew the instinct to trust Faith was deeply tied to physical attraction, so he did not completely trust it. He didn’t understand why the thought of letting Faith feed off him did not disgust him.
“You can’t,” Gabriel replied simply, “Sam can feel your emotions; he knows you didn’t abuse him like that. Give him time to accept it. Show him what really happened in there, from your perspective.”
The books he had been correcting could not hold his attention. Lucifer began to pace around the Library, struggling to understand why seeing Sam so vulnerable was so disconcerting.
“Faith Winchester?” the Dhampir read aloud, “I think we just got married.”
Dean quipped.
“I feel like shit,” Meg grumbled as she flopped down on the couch.
“I can’t maintain this much longer,” Castiel warned, “If I lose consciousness, I could be drawn into any memory.”
“I tried to protect him,” Lucifer recalled, “Too little, too late.”
The door to her room swung open to reveal Dean holding his gun in a shooting stance.
“No,” Dean groaned, “I’ll be a gentleman.”
“I muted Lucifer completely,” Sam agreed smugly.
Faith said simply.
Though Chuck knew he had many more realities to check, he felt a longing to remain and enjoy the family which was slowly emerging around Gabriel.
“I’d offer you a beer,” Gabriel missed, “But I’d hate for you to think I was trying to take advantage of you.”
“Live a little, Sammy!” Gabriel called after him.
“There’s my favourite Angel,” Dean greeted happily.
The slight head twitch was followed by the glowing blue eyes which heralded that Castiel had taken control, “Hello Meg,” she greeted, “I am glad you are still alive.”
Gabriel smiled back, “That’s not physically possible in this vessel, brother.”
“Do you like being a woman, Castiel?” Crowley asked to draw attention away from Dean, who was glaring around the table.
Dean was in the room with the punching bag and gym mats on the floor. Gabriel wanted to throttle the idiot Winchester but refrained as it would not help his long-term plan.
“How do we stop him?”
Matthias smiled broadly. She walked toward the rebellious Angel and touched the chain hanging between his wrists.
Gabriel huffed impatiently, “So, do I have your permission to give you another two years’ worth of memories?”
Faith sighed with relief when Gabriel, Balthazar and Jane disappeared. If Balthazar had attacked Castiel, the resulting fight would have been devastating. Her first concern was how she could possibly protect Sam.
“They’re in terrible shape,” Balthazar said with a shrug.
“Leave that stuff for the mortals,” Gabriel said dismissively, “Do you want to try ale from Valhalla? It knocks Thor on his ass and even gets me smashed.”
“Sounds about right, Chuck,” Dean answered glibly, “I’d like to know if you’re planning something stupid.”
“How are you with modern movies, Meg?” Dean offered.
Lucifer remained silent; his face fixed in a scowl.
Gabriel sighed, “I’ll try, but our siblings are nearly as bad.”
“I don’t mind,” Dean added hurriedly, “I like your wings. It’s just a shock, seeing you with them all of a sudden.”
“I have shared some of my plans with Castiel,” Chuck revealed, “And since his allegiance is to you, I know he would tell you at the earliest opportunity.”
“What the hell?” Dean demanded, “Is he bi-polar or something?”
“Angel Express,” Gabriel announced, “Prepare for take-off, bend your knees and feel free to grope the pilot.”
The shame emanating from Dean appeared as a dark purple glow across his chest, “I don’t want to take that risk.”
“Calm down, Castiel,” Chuck advised, “Your favourite human is safe; I might make him mute, but I won’t kill him for being obnoxious.”
“That mark goes right down to your soul. He was tainted the moment he touched you. Every Angel can see it; you might as well have ‘Property of Castiel’ tattooed on your forehead.”
Lucifer lunged forward with a feral growl, only to be slammed back into the hard wall. Sam held one hand outstretched toward him, somehow holding the Archangel in place.
“The Angels like Castiel; yes,” Gabriel clarified, “The lower classes like Cherubs and Reapers are more like cousins.”
Castiel looked abashed, “There was a hurricane at the time; I flew inside and threw some lightning around. There were fires.”
“Humans can be rather limited, so have some patience,” Gabriel said soothingly, “We have to make sure the Winchesters are not going to try to seal the gates of Hell before we make any major changes.”
“No, assbutt,” Dean snapped, “Dean Winchester. Your brother only gets control when I
“How’s that going?” Faith teased.
“Gabriel,” Dean’s voice replied.
“Oil everywhere,” Faith revealed, “And a trap at the door to light a fire. If we’d found the door, we’d be dead.”
“Do you want the memories of being a Demon, releasing the Darkness and God coming back to help?” Gabriel asked, holding his hand up with two fingers extended as an offering.
Balthazar reached down with one am to catch Faith’s hand as she jumped.
Dean nodded.
“Can you tell me about these human consultants? I understand that the Catholic Church is eager to hear from you, even with all the deaths.”
“How sweet,” Gabriel sighed, “Both Winchesters are looking at you the same way. Is there an awkward threesome in your future?”
“So naïve. Castiel, have you heard of cognitive dissonance?”
“Chuck,” Sam realized, “God is frigging Chuck?”
“I think Hell just froze over,” Dean decided, “I agree with Lucifer.”
Sam rolled his eyes, “You turn into an idiot every year. Try thinking with the brain in your head.”
“You’re leaving again?” Balthazar realized sadly.
“Do humans think our wings look like that?”
Gabriel stood up with a smile, “Well, it’s nice to meet you, Adam. You haven’t tried to kill me yet, so you’re my favourite Winchester so far.”
“Shit,” Dean muttered, “Can I help?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Lucifer laughed and Sam shuddered at the memories evoked by the sound.
Crowley had not been interested in his mothers’ survival and had wished Gabriel ‘good bloody luck’ with courting the witch.
Dean remained slumped against Castiel but watched as Sam was offered a hand by each Angel.
“Will you be there when I let him in?” Sam slowed down so their conversation remained private.
“There’s not much you can do about it,” Gabriel reasoned, “Especially if you go back to create another parallel reality.”
“Gabriel!” Dean admonished, “Stop gossiping with Crowley; he is not a friend.”
“Cas?” Dean said aloud.
“I’ll take care of it,” Gabriel offered lazily.
“How can you eat like that and remain in shape?” Jane asked suddenly.
Castiel almost smiled, “Probably. I have spent my time on Earth with Dean and Sam; they are often full of shit when they feel the reason is important.”
“I’m pretty simple when I’m drunk,” Dean offered.
“Just when I think he’s on our side, he’s up to something,” Sam mused, “He was Loki for centuries, so I shouldn’t be surprised.”
Faith smiled sweetly, “Which is why you don’t want Castiel to announce an impotency problem to Heaven.”
Faith stood up, “Goodnight. I’m going to handcuff myself to the bed.”
Gabriel was appalled that such a small difference stood between the two soulmates. He likened it to cancelling a wedding because the groom didn’t like the dress the bride wore.
“Yes. Aren’t you?”
“Spit it out, Sam,” Dean instructed with a sigh.
Jane nodded, “I can do that. There is something more you want; I can see it in your Aura.”
“Chuck is creating Paradise?” Dean snorted, “More like a zoo for humans.”
Michael was filled with righteous fury by the time he had finished reviewing Dean’s memories of Zachariah, Raphael and Uriel.
Gabriel didn’t care where Balthazar and Jane had disappeared to; as long as it was somewhere soundproofed. He suspected the stripper poles he had created would see some action.
Michael folded his arms across his chest, “You’ll be happy to know that Dean shares your opinion of Zachariah.”
“Good,” Gabriel declared, “Leave her there. Get your prophet here and bury all tablets you find in the deepest, darkest hole this place has.”
Lucifer snorted, “It’s all about intent; if you
Dean was still clearly unhappy, but he backed away slightly to show he would not press the matter further.
Seeing Sam step through the doorway was exhilarating and terrifying at the same time. His scent wafted across the room; she was hypersensitive to the tall Hunter and his delicious blood.
“I killed hundreds of Angels!” Castiel choked out, “I cannot ever redeem myself, no matter what I do!”
“I’m fine, Dean!” Sam insisted hotly.
“Do I have brain damage?” Sam asked worriedly.
“You had a short attention span, Cas,” Dean decided, “You didn’t even stop for that baby stegosaurus.”
“Here’s a finger for you,” Dean offered sarcastically. Above one of his wrist restraints he had his middle finger extended.
The Angel sighed and released Dean abruptly. He fell backward and a wave of vertigo, nausea and pain attacked his body.
A television appeared on the chest of drawers, already on and broadcasting the news.
“Dean already explained that metaphor,” Michael replied sulkily, “It’s still not funny.”
Gabriel sighed, “That’s not the point. God has a plan; God. Who are they to object?”
Lucifer sighed, “It’s hard to hate you when you don’t even know what you’re doing.”
“Then, I’ll cut one of Dean’s fingers off,” Matthias said softly. She moved the hand not burdened by the blade into a wave. The gag disappeared from Dean.
“I want to see every mention of me in this place,” Lucifer grumbled, “To see how full of shit humans are.”
There was no immediate reaction, so Castiel shuffled further up the bed to rest with his back against the headboard. With a couple of pillows behind his lower back, it was relatively comfortable.
Gabriel snapped his fingers, while his gaze remained fixed on the television. The door reappeared, so Dean grudgingly thanked the Archangel.
Gabriel was not fazed by the guns pointed at him; they could not damage him.
“Bullshit!” Lucifer hissed.
The Hunter relaxed slightly, which Gabriel found hilarious. Humans and their taboos were strange.
“What did Father say?” Castiel asked insistently.
“Who?” Castiel demanded immediately.
Sam was unconscious and pinned down by three Demons holding Angel blades. Faith was held tightly by two Demons; one on each arm.
The details faded, a loss which disturbed him greatly. He was left with a deep, unassailable guilt for killing Balthazar, and the horrid image of Dean as a Demon.
Dean perked up, “Can I choose the model and year?”
“You’re lucky I am fond of you,” Gabriel mused.
“So naïve,” Matthias sighed, “It’s sweet, really.”
“Don’t we have bigger issues than my relationship status?” Castiel asked flatly.
Cas smiled contentedly, her head resting on Dean’s shoulder.
“My sister Castiel is about to make her entrance,” Gabriel declared dramatically, “I expect Dean is already thinking of proposing.”
Dean found himself considering an action he found deeply unsavoury. Seeing Cas wounded and vulnerable swept aside his objections.
“Did you know I would get every memory back?” Castiel asked, “Every second of torture with Naomi, and every image they tried to bury?”
“Many of them are,” Castiel agreed.
tedious,” Lucifer complained, “Meeting them once is annoying, twice would be torture.”
After a productive day arguing with former-Atheists and explaining to a Priest exactly why the Bible was full of rubbish, Lucifer returned to the bunker feeling rather proud of himself. The humans he had interacted with had been suspicious of him when he was identified as ‘the Devil’, but after a brief discussion, their disapproval had vanished. The Priest had been fascinated to hear that The Garden had existed but most of the details were wrong. By the end of the conversation, the man had declared Lucifer to be ‘full of surprises’.
Jane wanted to believe that she could find a home with these strangers. She had always been alone, and paranoid about secrecy.
Sam shuddered and inhaled sharply at the contact. He was sure Dean would blow a gasket, and yet the urge to let Faith mark him kept him pliant in her arms.
“I know; come on, he’s in your room.”
Castiel woke to the sensation of a hand wrapped around his morning erection. The low moan which escaped him was entirely involuntarily.
Dean tuned out the conversation. He was extremely aware of how limiting his reliance on Cas was; Hunting was out of the question.
“Cas?” Dean asked with alarm.
Balthazar raised his glass of wine to toast Gabriel, “Lovely party, brother. Even without an orgy, you know how to host an entertaining evening.”
“Sam had so many choices taken away by Heaven and Hell. Faith’s presence is a way of giving back a choice,” Castiel mused.
“Father made it clear that he approved of your actions,” Michael revealed with a frown, “If I killed you, he would bring you back.”
“No,” Samandriel replied, his gaze fixed on Adam, “Michael protected him from the Cage and Lucifer. As they shared a body, the damage is minimal.”
Dean didn’t even look up from the laptop. He was scanning online newspapers for any signs of suspicious activity. He was in the mood for a classic ghost hunt.
After nearly two hours of slumber, Dean’s emotions spiked. Castiel felt the terror and despair more sharply than usual due to the growing bond. The heart rate of the Hunter accelerated abruptly.
Castiel was annoyed that the wrist restraints she wore prevented her from sensing who was at the door.
“Bobby was in a wheelchair,” Sam recalled, “I feel awful suggesting this, but fixing the spinal damage without being asked might stop Bobby from shooting you.”
“Step closer,” Chuck instructed firmly.
Teaching civilians about creatures and checking to make sure new arrivals were human took up most of his time during daylight hours, but he still felt inadequate.
“Your curiosity draws the memories like a magnet. Heaven doesn’t provide us with experience in emotions, so those memories will be the most appealing. Expect a slideshow of Dean’s experiences with lust; it’s damn powerful,” Gabriel warned.
Castiel rolled her eyes, “I did rebel and get you stuck in Lucifer’s Cage.”
Gabriel watched as Michael and Lucifer rose from the hole in the ground, their true forms lighting up the cemetery as the sun set.
“I can’t imagine the Angels are happy about this plan,” Sam said worriedly.
“What’s the next step, Daddyo?” Gabriel asked with false nonchalance, “I doubt you stopped by just to keep Dean from complaining, even if it would take an act of God to do that.”
“Found some shreds of dignity, did you?” Matthias taunted, “Half of Heaven assumes you were showing your favourite human every feather.”
Luckily, manipulating people was his specialty.
“I’m so tired of fighting, Cas,” Dean sighed, “Seeing that future was awful; and I know Gabriel left out a couple of years after the Darkness gave up. Knowing we got Charlie killed makes me sick.”
“Can he hear you?” Sam wondered aloud.
Instead of the smooth voice he expected, an unfamiliar female answered;
“You are implying that I gave him a choice,” Castiel replied smugly, “I didn’t.”
“You’re still unsure, though,” Cas pointed out, “Because I will be male again in a few hours.”
Dean recognised the voice in his head, which was a relief. He did not want to doubt his own sanity in addition to all his other concerns.
“How rude,” Dean decided aloud, “He didn’t finish his breakfast.”
“The Men of Letters were studying me,” Faith explained, “Apparently, I’m a Dhampir.”
Balthazar understood the ethical crisis occurring within his best friend, though he was powerless to help. He remained close to Castiel and hoped his friend had enough sense to keep his opinions to himself. When that idea failed miserably, he resigned himself to sharing Castiel’s fate.
Lucifer shook his head, “Father will provide an alternative.”
A terrible thought occurred to Dean, causing his fingers to tighten around Castiel’s hands. Castiel felt the jolt of panic and dread rip through their bond.
Sam felt icy fingers of dread close around his heart when Gabriel turned to regard him with pity.
Slowly, Castiel moved his wings away from his body. They continued to shake, but they were moved so gently there was no noise.
“What does that entail, exactly?” Cas asked, “Kissing is enjoyable, and I do plan to explore how this version of my vessel experiences pleasure.”
Dean’s knees hit the edge of the bed, prompting him to sit down heavily, “Your wings?”
Castiel asked in a direct prayer.
A moment later, knowledge exploded into his mind in full, vibrant colour.
“Go searching and see what you find,” Gabriel suggested.
“Cassie!” Balthazar hissed, drawing Dean’s attention back to the woman in his arms, “Your Grace is shredded! How did it get into such a state?”
“He did a shit job,” Dean muttered.
Castiel waited until Dean was a few steps past the doorway before he pushed the door closed. Dean spun around with his hands raised.
“Did he teach you about Purgatory, too?”
Sam snorted, clearly not agreeing with his brother.
“No fighting,” Jane instructed firmly, “Or I’ll have to get creative in punishing both of you.”
“No; Castiel is very emphatic that as you were not able to consent, it would have been a violation of your soul.”
Castiel was surprised when Dean asked for help to fall asleep. He had expected Dean to withdraw in every way possible after admitting to being haunted by his time in Hell.
Sam headed back to the bunker, his thoughts on all types of creatures who could live peacefully alongside humans.
Dean left the flashlight in the storeroom and held the machete loosely behind his thigh. Sam began reading when he returned.
“He’s overcompensating,” Dean muttered, “Centuries of lying, so he blurts out every thought.”
As more Angels trickled into the settlement to ask questions and observe humanity, Dean realized that he had finally found the contented life he had always craved. It was not normal, but it worked.
“Help me by getting me out of here!” Lucifer hissed, “He has figured out how to access
“Yes,” Samandriel confirmed, “Father is in the Cage with Michael and Lucifer. Adam has suffered enough, so he was given options regarding his future. He chose to live rather than return immediately to Heaven.”
“And plans to put your Grace back in?” Gabriel asked with fake nonchalance.
“When we first met, you didn’t think you deserved to be rescued from Hell,” Castiel recalled, “Learning you carry some of my Grace led to the absurd assumption that you had somehow corrupted me. I wonder if you are intimidated by the idea of an Angel of the Lord prioritising you above God.”
“I didn’t even know this place had a garage,” Faith commented.
A different type of confrontation was brewing between the Winchester brothers. Faith tried to give them space, but her hearing picked up every word.
“Nobody does,” Gabriel said casually, “So, you want a piece of Sammy?”
“That wasn’t your first opportunity to pull a finger out and help us,” Dean pointed out.
“Is that his constipated expression?”
Sam bit the insides of his cheeks to suppress his frustration. Castiel screamed a second time, and another black feather was deposited in front of him.
“I was just keeping it warm for you, Boofhead,” Gabriel sighed as he swung his feet down to the floor and stood up, “Maybe you’d be less pissy in the morning if you were a woman?”
“Castiel, if I had wanted you dead, you would not be here now,” Chuck said flatly, “The Angels you killed were all determined to restart the Apocalypse. Surely, I have interfered enough for you to realize that I approved of your actions to negate it.”
Faith chose not to move away from him, so he had no choice but to listen.
“So, if I plan anything, you get mind-fucked by Naomi?” Dean summarised.
“I’m assessing criminals on a case-by-case basis,” Chuck assured the Hunter, “The number of deaths among people of power surprised most media outlets.”
“Open up, Castiel!” Gabriel ordered grumpily, “It’s starting to rain.”
Lucifer concentrated on his mental image, smoothing out the features to resemble Nick.
“Or you could resize the clothes I’m wearing,” Castiel pointed out.
“So, I just wait here while you and feathers go to confession?” Meg asked.
Castiel closed the laptop and sat back in her chair, “I chose to work with Crowley; I have to take responsibility for everything I did.”
“This is a vessel,” Castiel reminded him, “I am an Angel; gender means little to me.”
“I wasn’t actually dead,” Gabriel explained as he led the way down the stairs, “Did Jane explain how you came back?”
Faith flinched when Gabriel teleported into the chair next to her.
Castiel gulped visibly and his jaw was clenched tightly.
Sam tried to speak around the gag. Matthias waver her hand and it disappeared.
“Was it any better in the pocket-dimension?” Sam wondered.
Faith didn’t mind having Castiel so close. She could feel his presence like a warm jacket; close but not obstructive. She invited him to take control if he wished to speak to Dean or Meg.
Sam met Faith for a searing kiss. The thought of her fangs only heightened the excitement.
“Is walking really that tedious?” she hissed.
“Don’t teach Cas your smart-arse skills, please?” Dean pleaded.
Gabriel snorted, “Dad offered me that option and I refused. Raphael would not have listened to me, and the Civil War was inevitable. The death toll would have been much higher if I’d been around.”
“Don’t take lessons in emotional communication from those two,” Faith warned, “Like most men, they wouldn’t know how to identify a deep emotion if it bit them on the butt.”
“He has the subtlety of a brick,” Dean decided.
Sam spun Gabriel around and dragged him away from the couple.
Sam stared at the papers spread across the tabletop with dawning horror. The disbelief finally dissolved, and he struggled to breathe.
“Brother, who you choose to socialize with is your business, but honestly; you can do better,” Castiel declared.
Dean had shaken Sam awake and yelled at him for allowing the Dhampir to bite him. Sam had used logic, which his older brother found quite irritating.
“Yes, Gabby,” Dean replied sarcastically, “In the five minutes you were gone, we mourned you.”
“Quite often,” Castiel replied, finally giving up on being productive in favour of talking to his brother, “Especially after experiencing Hell, they needed help.”
Gabriel had chosen to remain invisible, so they wouldn’t ask him to identify the Werewolf, or kill it to save them the hassle.
For a full minute, silence reigned. Neither Castiel nor Gabriel appeared upset, but Dean was not comforted.
Rowena and Meg returned from Oz less than a month after Lucifer departed, bringing news that Charlie had decided to stay with Dorothy to rebuild.
“Definitely.”
Dean allowed Castiel to pull him into another kiss, relieved that the Angel was confidence enough to initiate. He kept the blankets in his lap to hide the conclusion his body was anticipating. He was grateful that his sex drive had waned since his teenage years, to a manageable level.
“I stand by that decision,” Michael snapped, “Look how far you’ve fallen.”
Gabriel disappeared and reappeared behind Faith and said, “Boo!”
The first time Sam landed on his back Faith wore a happy smile. By the fourth time, it was a cheeky smirk.
Gabriel tilted his head thoughtfully, lacking the innocent confusion Castiel displayed when he reacted in a similar way, “Why do you assume that Lucifer tortured Sam?”
“You’re not lying,” Jane realized. She slid into the seat opposite Faith, never taking her eyes off the creature.
“Doesn’t Cassie enjoy the blush Deano gets, though?”
Sam sent abruptly, including both Archangels in his conversation.
“I did that, too. It always ended with Michael, Raphael or Gabriel turning on me with hatred; sometimes all three.”
“My vessel died in battle. His soul had already departed when I resurrected his body,” Gabriel explained, “My previous vessels were only temporary, so I could learn how to live amongst people. I considered each to be a friend and mourned when they died.”
Jane nodded slowly, “I finish my shift in ten minutes. I will walk home through the park across the road. If Gabriel really wants to help, he can meet me there.”
“I like it,” Dean admitted quietly.
“Balthazar narrowly avoided being reprogrammed regularly,” Jane revealed, “One of the reasons he is so devoted to Castiel, is because he took the rap for lots of stuff which would have landed Balthazar in trouble.”
Sam leaned forward thoughtfully, “How would you choose who is able to reproduce?”
“Think of me as a meteor circling the sun,” Castiel mused as his eyes fluttered shut once more, “I crossed your path and got caught in your gravity. We are still orbiting the sun, but the centre of my existence is you.”
Dean prepared to begin yelling, so Sam cleared his throat and said, “I could use a beer.”
Castiel was sitting up with his head in his hands when a knock at the door interrupted his self-pity.
“I don’t know what I want, Cas,” Dean whispered. Speaking at a lower volume seemed somehow safer, even though Dean knew it was a ludicrous idea.
“You don’t want to paw through my memories and get lost in hundreds of thousands of years of darkness?” Lucifer teased.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Why did you need saving?” Dean asked, his mind whirling.
Michael wondered reluctantly.
“In a few hours, this vessel will be female,” Castiel reminded the Hunter, “If you are still uncomfortable, I will have to assume you are ill-at-ease with me in particular.”
Dean’s phone vibrated while he was eating. Sam silently hoped it was Cas checking in on them.
Dean huffed with annoyance, “Fine.”
Dean admitted.
Gabriel approached Lucifer carefully, giving him plenty of time to react is he did not want company. When Lucifer ignored his proximity, he took it as permission to press his body against his sibling and drape one wing across his chest.
Castiel froze in place and regarded Dean worriedly, “If he tries to kill me, you’ll take control back immediately?”
“Don’t worry about them; cooperate with me and I will make sure they stay out of your way.”
“Most of the world is confusing to me,” Dean agreed, “High school Math was a nightmare.”
Gabriel glared at Dean and the blue glow in his eyes made the Hunter gulp, “The pathetic limitations of your society are extremely annoying.”
“Do you really believe that?”
Castiel returned with a frown a short while later. As she sat down her teeth pinned her bottom lip in place.
“Memories are why I came here,” Gabriel revealed, “I need to give you some more.”
Sam had been calling each evening to check on Castiel, but the phone was usually passed to Faith after a short exchange. She appreciated hearing his voice and receiving the warning of the impending arrival of Kevin and Linda Tran about an hour before Gabriel delivered them to the bunker.
“The new vessel is giving you lessons in banter, I see,” Crowley mused, “She’s not completely human, though.”
Sam whispered,
“Was that why you were the one to pull him out?”
Castiel was pulled back to his feet by the concerned Hunter with an ease which was only possible because they were not corporeal.
“Does it feel strange, after being in a male vessel for so long?” Sam asked curiously.
“I have a better idea,” Matthias said, her eyes shining with excitement, “You need to be punished for all the damage you inflicted on Heaven.”
Dean noticed Castiel’s wings fluff up in a movement he had associated with happiness. He chose not to comment that it was easier to interpret the Angel’s moods by the movements of his feathers.
“Raphael is a Healer for Dad’s sake,” Gabriel grumbled, “How did he just stand back and let everything fall apart?”
“It’s a game,” Dean said as he straightened up, “Think of it as a ritual humans use to help support an awkward friendship.”
Sam’s face began to tint with a crimson hue, “I found the building plans with the files. Behind room 7B there is an interrogation room, and under it there is a dungeon.”
Adam recognised Dean but the other two men were strangers.
“Joe was my first boyfriend,” Faith revealed sadly, “We broke up when he went to college. When he came back, we started dating again. If he had been genuine, he would have proposed earlier and not worked so hard to postpone the wedding.”
“I hate being this weak.”
“Faith has given me some interesting advice,” Castiel said casually as he stepped well into Dean’s personal space.
“I’ve been helping Castiel to develop his flirting skills,” Faith giggled, “She might have scared Dean.”
Dean didn’t have an answer to that.
“Do you have a crush, Squirrel?” Crowley teased.
“Grace-burns were inflicted on your soul,” Gabriel explained, “Castiel pulled your body out of the Cage without burning it. Your soul is covered in Grace-burns which Lucifer inflicted after your body was snatched. It’s a complete mess of scars; thank Death is you ever see him again for keeping your body pretty.”
“My fault?” Lucifer guessed.
Gabriel sighed, “I’m as conflicted as you, where big brother is concerned. He practically raised me, and I love him, but he can also be an asshole with the temperament of a toddler. It’s more than acceptable to be unsure of your feelings toward him.”
“I have it,” Gabriel announced happily from the doorway.
“In a way; though Zachariah really was an arrogant blowhard, no matter what he was in front of or behind.”
“No,” Samandriel replied sadly, “I was resurrected alone. Father gave him a choice, and he didn’t want to continue after a month of torture.”
Dean glared at Chuck, “If you do this, the world will fight back. There’s going to be a bloodbath.”
“I’m sure it’s better when it’s operational,” Sam consoled, “You just wanted to flirt with girls in costumes.”
“And you think you can convince the most stubborn man in existence to change his mind?” Sam asked with a disbelieving chuckle.
“Emotions are troublesome, and very hard to control,” Castiel mused, “I never realized how overpowering they can be.”
Gabriel reached out to tip Sam’s head back to force him to meet his eyes, “Listen here, you stubborn shit; I can see your soul and there isn’t a hint of Demonic taint anywhere. Your body does not infect your soul; otherwise Dean’s soul would be made of beer and saturated fat.”
“That would be great,” Faith agreed, trying to sound confident.
Gabriel winked at the Hunter, before returning his attention to the movie. The Archangel had filtered out all prayers, except for those coming from the Winchesters, Castiel, Faith, Jane and Balthazar. Rowena, Meg and Charlie would be able to reach him once they returned from Oz.
Lucifer nodded at the book in front of him, “There isn’t anything keeping me in this reality.”
A loud knock on the external door broke Castiel out of his thoughts. He climbed the stairs and looked through the peephole to check who it was.
Sam realized that Faith was hunched over on the couch as though she was in pain.
“No; but I recognised that smirk.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Faith enjoyed observing Sam; his face was so expressive. He had to be a terrible liar.
“Most Angels are dicks,” Dean replied flatly, “They need to spend time on Earth to get to know some decent people.”
“She’s either dead or a brilliant actress,” Dean decided.
“Gee, thanks. I went to college to learn how to distract monsters,” Sam replied sarcastically.
“I know,” Faith agreed, “But I knew it had to happen. Castiel needs all the help he can get to navigate your emotional minefield.”
“Chuck is here,” Faith whispered, “Gabriel and Castiel are very worried.”
The sound of flapping wings interrupted Dean before he could deliver an appropriately rude reply.
Sam found the idea of being ‘friends’ with Lucifer to be ridiculous and logical at the same time. The hallucination had been infuriating most of the time, but the glimmers of a helpful person had appeared, though based in self-interest.
Gabriel cackled, drowning out Sam’s attempt to deflect the question.
“You know you want to,” Lucifer teased, “But it’s not necessary.”
“As you wish.”
Michael felt his Grace begin to recede. Though it was still there, he quickly lost the ability to utilise it.
Castiel streamed toward the Dhampir. As the glow settled over Faith, Dean sat up with a strangled cry of outrage.
“Leave them, for now.”
Castiel was numb with shock by the time Dean succumbed to the power of the Mark of Cain and reawakened as a Demon.
Dean chuckled, “Once we’re sure Heaven won’t try to kidnap you, we’re going to a strip club.”
Gabriel assured the women that he would look after Faith and the Winchesters.
“Good,” Gabriel chirped, “Because you’re annoying when you’re depressed. Lucifer will try to use that against you, so shove him in your mind-box when you get glum.”
“I am not!” Dean denied.
“I hope she shows up,” Faith said nervously.
Castiel opened his eyes to see Dean, who was still staring at his feet, “If I were human, I would say I am in love you. As an Angel, it runs much deeper than that. I have changed for the first time in my existence, and it is exhilarating.”
The conversation deteriorated quickly. Balthazar countered Dean’s arguments on morality with ruthless logic.
Michael felt Dean begin to rise from his sleep cycle, “Dean will wake soon. Father wants you to bond to him completely; if he resembles a Nephilim, I will offer my protection.”
Faith leaned away from them, “When you say ‘vessel’ you mean the human whose body you control?”
“This way, Dean,” Castiel prompted.
Castiel had his own opinions regarding that period of time; Chuck should have stepped up well before Sam landed in the Cage.
“You can’t break him, Deano,” Gabriel joked, “If you keep staring at his wings like that, it could be interpreted as flirting.”
“It would take me decades to kill enough humans to bring their population down to a manageable level,” Lucifer complained.
A disapproving voice cut through the conversations near dawn;
“You can’t blame him for being human,” Gabriel said lightly.
Dean flicked his gaze to Faith, who cringed away from the accusation in his face. Sam curled one arm around Faith’s waist protectively.
“Keep it in your pants, Balthy,” Gabriel advised, “The lust you’re projecting will corrupt little Samandriel.”
Sam did not like the reminder, “So, he’s okay with being trapped?”
“Yes,” Castiel turned back toward her brother, “Asking Dean for intimate details about his sexual activities is akin to him asking to see your wings.”
say that again.”
Castiel relaxed minutely and opened his eyes. He glanced over at Dean and Sam, who were watching him with clear apprehension. He wasn’t sure if they pitied him, but the lack of disgust was reassuring.
“I would prefer you remove that stick from your butt; we don’t always get what we want,” Dean quipped.
The show was full of amazing colours, but she had trouble concentrating on the storyline. She barely noticed when a second person sat down at the other end of the couch.
Castiel reluctantly abandoned his position on the bed to seek out the clothing. He was honestly surprised to find a pair of pants like the ones he wore. The blouse was plain, and he did note the absence of a tie.
Chuck wasn’t prepared for the lance of regret which seared through his chest.
“You’re talking about messing with the Apocalypse in our timeline?” Dean realized.
Samandriel and Adam shared a glance which communicated more than most conversations.
“Naomi drilled into my brain so often, I don’t trust my own memories,” Castiel agreed, “I thought I had gotten my memories back, but I was wrong. I remember lots of torture, and some of what I lost, but not all.”
Dean snorted, “Like you’re any better?”
Dean lunged forward, intent on causing damage to the smirking Archangel. A hand on his chest slammed him back against the bed. Dean glared across as Cas, who kept his restraining hand in place.
“Don’t be such a jerk,” Sam warned him.
Dean asked internally.
“I hate time-travel,” Dean muttered.
Dean was still frowning and kept his eyes firmly on his feet, “When you say it like that, it does sound ridiculous.”
“Of course; Dad can’t laugh at me unless I’m sleeping, eating or crapping,” Lucifer complained.
“Oh.”
“You think loudly, Sam,” Gabriel commented, “If anyone tries to lock people up in breeding camps, I’ll lead the rebellion myself. I do suspect you will have the opportunity to sire a list of children with willing women, if you choose to donate sperm. There are going to be more fertile women than men.”
Lucifer’s eyes widened, “Michael?”
Faith stared at the ceiling thoughtfully; Dean recognised the blank expression she wore when listening intently to Cas.
“Did you learn from them, and try to make amends?” Faith asked.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow at their interaction, “Sam, where’s the key to this place?”
Sam glared at his brother but remained silent. Faith surmised that Dean had won an argument over the issue while she was showering.
“While I’m babysitting the boys, I have another task to take care of. Faith, have you ever been to California?”
“Stop acting like a spoiled brat!” Sam spat back.
“Blunt, as always,” Gabriel observed with a smile, “I do want a Flock; though I never found people I could trust before. I am more concerned with your motives; I won’t bind you to my Grace unless you truly want to be a part of my Flock.”
“He wants us to bond, so your soul and my Grace are forever entwined,” Castiel explained to Dean, “We’re the test case to see what happens.”
“It’s a forced sleep,” Samandriel explained, “He panicked when he learned he was going to be separated from Michael, so Father put him to sleep.”
“I give up,” Dean grumbled, “Let’s go back to the motel. You’re a real dickbag, Gabby.”
“I never spoke to him, before the Cage,” Samandriel revealed.
“You’re being reckless, Sammy,” Dean decided aloud.
The mention of torture no longer ignited defensive anger in the Archangel, but a weary sadness. Michael had also been receptive to Dean’s ideas about restructuring Heaven to allow family and friends to interact.
Castiel stretched out on the bed with his eyes closed. He reached toward Dean and was not surprised when the Hunter cringed away from him.
The shelves dug into his back painfully and Gabriel gazed at him with pity. Castiel couldn’t control the fear which shot through his body.
“What about setting up a safe zone for Vampires?” Dean suggested, “Once we’re organised, we can set up a trading network. Vampires could travel safely and swap goods for donated blood?”
“Twenty-three,” Castiel gasped, “She ripped out twenty-three feathers.”
Sam followed Dean; his opinion of the Vampire influenced by the memory of the help in Purgatory.
Sam shared a knowing smile with the Archangel and used a direct prayer to communicate.
Each time Matthias asked the question, Castiel either refused to answer or said something rude. Dean’s favourite one was when he told her to ‘go breed with the mouth of a goat’.
Faith noticed the tension in his body a moment before Sam launched forward. She twirled out of his reach with a short laugh.
“Always the good son,” Lucifer muttered.
“I need you to be on suicide watch while I babysit the Winchester brothers; they are trouble-magnets at the best of times.”
Sam ignored the surge of irritation he felt at that reminder. He didn’t want to admit he was jealous that Castiel had provided her with blood.
“Good idea,” Castiel said heavily as he stood up with some help, “While this intoxicated, the human male might not have the capacity to -”
“Any more plans for mass death?” Dean asked casually, “We got the new tattoos.”
“You allowed Naomi to cut into my brain because I had a different opinion,” Castiel hissed, “I can’t remember a time when we were really a family; Dean and Sam mean more to me than any Angel.”
Dean had never felt so unsure of how to act. He reached out hesitantly to rest a hand on the trouser-covered ankle closest to him.
1 – You will not find any song lyrics in here; that would be a waste of my time and yours.
“And the craving for blood?” Dean prompted.
“Dean’s room,” Gabriel revealed, “I added a bathroom and removed the exit. They can stay there for a while. Do you think they’d have sex if I left them in there long enough?”
“There’s something more going on between you two,” Crowley decided, “More than the usual stomach-churning devotion.”
“I disguised myself as a Cherub,” Lucifer added, “What’s this?”
Gabriel clicked his fingers lazily. Two debit cards dropped onto the table in front of Sam and Faith.
“And Raphael was the same, after Michael fell into the Cage,” Castiel added, “If he were human, I would have described his behaviour as self-destructive.”
“Same to you, Deano,” Gabriel snorted.
“Or it’s all the green stuff he eats,” Dean continued.
Michael glanced back at the man in question, “There are no cookies.”
Chuck watched humans across the globe adjust to their new reality. Seeing the Angels interact with people without a world-ending agenda was immensely satisfying.
He raised one hand, which elicited an immediate flinch from the woman. She whimpered as his finger touched the handcuff.
It took another two days to identify the Werewolf. Sam was looking forward to returning to the bunker to see Faith and check on Castiel. Meeting Jane would be interesting, and he hoped Kevin would accompany them on the drive home.
Gabriel felt the surge of fury from Sam before the Hunter stomped out of sight. He was impressed that Lucifer wasn’t left with a black eye or swollen jaw.
“Walk with me?”
Balthazar chuckled, which jolted the younger man enough to push away the fog of sleep.
Sam and Gabriel explained the situation to Faith, who gaped at them.
“Did you run out of movies?” Balthazar asked. He wasn’t sure why the group would lie around in silence.
Jane stood closer to Faith, even though the woman could offer no protection if the Archangel attacked.
Dean’s name lit up the screen, and prompted a warm, tingling sensation in his chest. Castiel wondered if his vessel had an undiagnosed heart condition.
“You killed my child?” Lucifer asked in a strained tone.
Dean was going to sit at the foot of the bed, which annoyed Castiel for some reason.
“Scrap-yard,” Sam corrected.
“Would you care if I did?” Faith called back. She turned off the water and reached for a towel.
Faith backed away with one hand over her mouth. There was no itching to indicate hunger, but the tips of her fangs were extended just beyond the gums.
Gabriel and Castiel continued to stare ahead without speaking.
Sam grimaced, “Not my business. Why do you care?”
“You’re not dying,” Dean assured him, “I promise.”
“Demon blood,” Sam continued, “I was tainted with it as a baby, and addicted to it a few years back.”
“Don’t watch, Cas,” Dean advised, “I can take it.”
“Kevin moved to the Chapter House where Jane and Balthazar are staying,” Gabriel explained, “He is locked in a private room with headphones on to block the sound of every other room being desecrated by horny celestial beings.”
Jane didn’t understand why Balthazar and Samandriel were surprised by this announcement.
Dean was trying to come up with a way to wipe the smug smile off Gabriel’s face when Cas returned from the bathroom. The expression on the face of the Angel was unusual; Dean wasn’t sure it he was amused or embarrassed.
“Will I be in danger?” Castiel asked blandly.
Dean hadn’t even realized that he was watching Lucifer until Michael pointed it out.
The empty room offered no reply.
Gabriel made kissing noises from the other side of the table.
Faith admired the prominent scar on the face of the arrogant jerk, “And who are you?”
“Sam is trying to get Dean to talk about his feelings and Dean is being obnoxious about it,” Gabriel said as he dug through the box. By the time he retrieved the one genuine feather from the bottom of the box, Castiel was wearing a wistful smile.
“I never understood how Zachariah rose through the ranks when he did nothing except suck up to Raphael and Michael,” Castiel agreed.
“About me; those pages you ripped out of the Dhampir book,” Faith clarified.
“Nah, that constipated expression on your face when I talk about your brothers’ sex life is far too entertaining,” Gabriel laughed.
Michael hated that his True Vessel could hear his thoughts and view his memories at will.
Dean peered over the edge of the pillow shield to see Cas was covered by the blanket and regarding him with interest.
“Is Gabriel weird, even compared to the rest of the family?” Adam asked lightly.
Lucifer asked. He remained sprawled on the lounge, pretending he wasn’t grateful to be in the company of Angels.
“Other than that,” Jane agreed, “It has to be his decision.”
“That sounds like something Naomi would say,” Castiel pointed out.
“You were meant to go to Purgatory, Castiel,” Gabriel said gently, “Dean wouldn’t be nearly as strong without that year and you needed to learn that you belong with these two twits.”
“After years of waiting, and divine intervention, I’ve been waiting for a decade for you two to get your act together.”
“Well, that’s good; lots of the stuff I see is messed up,” Dean muttered.
“The riots are still in full swing,” Gabriel agreed, “Alright, but if Luci and Mike don’t shut-up, I’m going to trap them in Holy Fire.”
“Of course,” Chuck replied easily, “I gave rapists and child molesters a quick death and an express trip to Hell. Even the humans I consulted with couldn’t argue with those casualties.”
Castiel could not sense any unease of anxiety from Faith when she spoke of emotions. He relayed this thought to his host, who chuckled aloud.
“Up your left nostril,” Dean snapped.
The scene shifted. Sam was still sitting on a bed, but in his room in the bunker.
Balthazar blew him a kiss. Jane poked him in the shoulder to express her disapproval. He whispered something in her ear which made her laugh.
“Lucifer never blessed humans like others did,” Castiel explained, “So there was no bloodline carrying a link to his Grace. He had to taint one of Michael’s vessels to walk the Earth.”
“Sam appreciates a smart mouth,” Gabriel replied, “Save it for him.”
Sam sat by himself, wondering if Dean was going to act strangely around Cas the following day. If he did, Cas would be confused and end up asking Sam for advice. That was another conversation he would rather avoid.
Two fingers touched Faith on the forehead and Sam hunched forward in pain. Dean lunged forward to grip his brother by the shoulder.
Dean could see that Sam was hoping for a negative reply.
Dean wasn’t sure how his mind turned to his mother; perhaps the smell of the pie triggered the memories of screaming, burning and fleeing with his baby brother clutched to his child-size chest. The images were sucked into the isolation box before he could banish them back to their corner.
Gabriel remained behind while Dean escorted Castiel out of the room. The hand at the small of the Angel’s back was so adorable that Gabriel grinned. He teleported to the couch where Sam and Faith were sprawled to make sure he witnessed the reactions.
Dean retreated to the garage when he learned Gabriel had put the Impala there. Sam watched his brother leave and suppressed he list of questions he wanted to ask.
“Hello Jane, I am very glad you came; I know how awful Angels can be to Nephilims,” Gabriel said carefully.
“Who did?” Faith growled. She had gravitated toward Sam instinctively; she could feel her distress mirrored in him.
“Well, it is weird,” Sam pointed out, “It’s hard to tell who’s in charge until you speak.”
“Let’s introduce you to Kevin,” Gabriel suggested, “Castiel was tortured, so he needs time to heal. Once the Demon tablet is translated, we can negotiate with Crowley.”
Dean was intrigued, “When?”
Faith rolled her eyes at Gabriel, “I don’t want to see you drunk, Gabriel. Castiel, this is Jane. Jane, this is Castiel.”
“Bullshit, Castiel,” Gabriel scoffed, “You are the Angel God wants to encourage. Most of them wouldn’t know an original thought if it bit them on the wing joint. You rebelled and averted the Apocalypse! He was so proud, he had to resurrect you to continue to spread free will through Heaven.”
“Rowena and Meg have found the container holding Dorothy and the Wicked Witch,” Gabriel greeted with a forced smile, “Faith, could you show Charlie to the correct room?”
“Is he suffering?” Sam asked directly.
“No snarky comments on
“Gabriel!” Sam hissed, “Get in here. I’ve been trying to get your attention for days.”
“Did you ever tell them?”
Somehow, his wings remained partially flared.
“You scared the shit out of me!” Lucifer hissed, “Don’t get that close!”
“Are all the Angels this literal? Are Gabriel and Balthazar completely weird compared to the rest of you?”
Sam sent to Gabriel,
“What are you planning to change?” Dean asked.
“How does he know me, brother?” Gadreel asked worriedly.
in his hallucinations.”
“How did you cope?”
“Just when I think humanity has turned a corner toward common sense, the crazies pop up,” Balthazar mused, “Jane, if I wasn’t worried for your safety, I’d be out making lots of people mute.”
“Bullshit,” Gabriel scoffed, “It’s all about motive; he was throwing a tantrum whereas you prevented another Apocalypse. If Chuck wanted any of them to live, he would have resurrected them.”
Castiel regarded the woman with his trademark head tilt, “If we were in a mental facility, there would be medical staff present.”
“You said they would be released!” Castiel growled as the bands on his wrist shot upwards to fuse to the bar. Chains snaked out of the floor to bind his ankles.
Castiel seemed to be staring past her, “Without my Grace, I cannot leave unless I die a mortal death. I’m not sure what would happen after that.”
“Get your hand off my ass,” Sam growled.
After his morning workout in the gym, Sam couldn’t resist the urge to check on Dean.
“How did you cope with being human? I am finding it difficult, and claustrophobic,” Castiel admitted.
“How is that different from any other day on Earth?” Chuck asked rhetorically.
“Is it embarrassing?” Dean asked.
“No; it will ensure she goes to Heaven with you, when you die. She will probably be able to dream with you and pull you out of nightmares when I’m busy.”
“Ask me what to do,” Sam instructed, “And never lie to me; not even that half-truth bullshit you pulled last time.”
“It’s nearly dinnertime,” Dean announced, “You eat regular food, right?”
mean as that?”
“Lucifer is stronger than Gabriel,” Dean pointed out.
“Something on your mind, Sasquatch?” Gabriel asked gently. He could feel the distress pouring through the link to Sam like a high-pressure waterfall.
“You three are just so cute,” Gabriel cooed.
Matthias reached out to grab the blue tie and pulled hard enough to make Castiel grunt with discomfort, “You want your punishment? Fine; manifest your wings.”
Gabriel was enjoying the contact so much; it took him a few long moments to process the words.
Sam asked if he could speak to Castiel privately and quickly guided the Angel out of the room. Before Castiel could fall further into self-loathing, Sam stopped in the hallway.
The trip back to the bunker was slightly better, but Lucifer was still feeling awful as he followed Faith and Gadreel to Sam’s room.
“Can you fall pregnant, while your vessel is female?”
“I deserve to burn in Hell,” Castiel decided aloud.
Gadreel finished his account of his work in the Garden, being deceived and imprisoned. He had long ago forgiven Samael for tricking him, realizing that the Archangel had noble intentions at the time, and had faced the consequences of his actions.
While Lucifer mastered cutlery, Gadreel watched him eat with an intensity which made Gabriel smile.
Sam backed away until his spine was pressed against the doorframe.
“I’ll put in a request,” Sam replied sarcastically.
Faith tilted her head and stared at the wall while she conferred with Castiel, “He’s struggling to describe it. The closest approximation would be telepathic rape.”
Sam stared at the ceiling silently.
“Not all of them,” Lucifer muttered, “I’ve been learning from Gabriel.”
“Sit down, Sam,” Dean ordered, springing to his feet and lunging toward his brother.
“Breathe, Sammy,” Dean urged.
“I have a few thousand realities to check on. Spend some quality time with Michael before you leave.”
“Emotions are horribly complex; some humans spend their lives trying to figure out human behaviour. If you need to share, I’ll listen and never speak of word to anyone,” Gabriel offered.
“That’s not true, Sam,” Gabriel said seriously, “You were originally a vessel for Michael, meaning you were capable of hosting any Archangel except Lucifer. When you were tainted with Demon blood, he became the only option.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes, “I really cannot understand what Castiel sees in you.”
“Complete with therapy in-between rounds,” Sam added.
“Later,” Gabriel added, “To answer your question, it was Luci.”
Sam gaped at Chuck, “I did? I bet Michael hated me more than Lucifer.”
“Year. It shouldn’t, but it does.”
“No stranger than inhabiting any other vessel,” Castiel explained, “I have occupied female vessels before, though each encounter was short.”
“Yeah, better than I expected,” Sam assured her, “I’ve locked his Grace away, so he’s feeling rather vulnerable.”
“Yes!” Dean responded, “I’m not in the mood to dig a grave today.”
“Of course,” Gabriel assured him, “Castiel is clearly fond of your company, and even Dean has referred to you as ‘adorable’.”
“I suspect you don’t grasp how intimate the bonds can be within a Flock,” Gabriel warned.
Sam could discern that Cas was in control due to the facial expressions alone. Rather than the shy smile Faith would greet him with, a passive Cas regarded him with mind interest.
“You promise?” Gabriel retorted automatically.
Castiel tilted his head and regarded her with interest, “Do you sense where he is?”
“Well, you’ve had a handful of years to observe emotions and one day experiencing them. No wonder you’re struggling – it takes decades,” Faith said gently.
Adam stared at the man who had spoken. It took him a full four seconds to recall why he looked familiar. He pulled himself into a sitting position without taking his eyes away from the face which appeared in so many of his memories.
“Dean, if I do anything that Father interprets as opposition to his plan, you will be killed and your soul will be trapped in the Empty,” Castiel said in a strained tone, “I can’t let that happen.”
Gabriel converted one of the spare bedrooms into a Nest suitable for his Flock. He stood back to admire the multiple beds he had managed to cram into the room. Though the couples would keep other rooms, he was sure the urge to sleep near the Flock would hit regularly.
“I do have some options, in that area,” Chuck said to Dean.
Faith emerged after a short wait, with Castiel a few steps behind. Jane noticed the way he halted suddenly when he realized she was nearby. The fear which flitted across his features was easily recognisable and she did not like it.
“I think it was meant to be,” Gabriel argued, “We started with exactly 6666 Angels, and now there are 1764 left – that’s forty-two squared. That’s not a coincidence.”
“Ready to put your Grace back in?” Gabriel asked cheerfully.
“I’m Faith; sorry I didn’t introduce myself earlier. This is Gabriel.”
He had offered to host Michael again, even if the idea made him uncomfortable. Dean had mumbled a gruff ‘thanks’ but declined. Adam was sure his eldest brother was determined to be a vessel, so Sam had some company in the trauma.
“I’m rather fond of Meg,” Gabriel confirmed, “And I’d rather not watch Dean drool over Castiel on a full stomach.”
Dean chose to let that comment pass without questioning it.
Dean was seriously considering Gabriel’s offer to conjure something to fight by early evening.
Gabriel reiterated the reasoning behind Gadreel’s presence and waited to hear from Michael.
“There were no humans; just Demons hiding from Angels,” Faith explained, “We should take Sam back to the bunker.”
Chuck sauntered back into view, with Dean and Castiel trailing behind. The two seemed to be having an intense conversation in whispers.
“An over-simplification, but essentially correct,” Balthazar conceded.
“Welcome to free will,” Castiel said with a smirk.
Sam prayed cheekily,
“Get your fucking hands off me!”
“She insisted on full disclosure,” Faith explained, when Castiel looked confused.
Sam dissolved into laughter, prompting Gabriel to pat him on the back with concern.
Dean could feel the tension throughout his body, “Cas, does this bond thing require sex?”
Dean responded with an aggressive retort which was muffled by the gag. Considering the tone, Sam was almost glad Dean was prevented from speaking.
“Fine, you’ve had your joke at my expense,” Dean complained, “Put the lacy stuff away.”
Sam stumbled backward and wondered if being struck by lightning was comparable to receiving the Grace of an Archangel.
Gabriel ran one hand through Sam’s hair, “Apathy is better than the anger which has been driving you, Luci.”
“Then Jane can act as a vessel,” Gabriel continued.
“Looks like someone needs a nap,” Gabriel said condescendingly, “Don’t worry Deano, we’ll take care of the witch.”
“Holy shit,” Dean breathed.
Gabriel sent back,
“Castiel should keep his blades to himself,” Balthazar muttered, though he appeared more relaxed due to Samandriel’s lack of condemnation, “I think Naomi hates everyone here.”
“She nearly fell out of the chair,” Dean argued, “It’s for her own safety. Anything interesting in there?”
Dean lost the ability to form words.
“Always so literal,” Gabriel sighed, “I used to be like that. Loki thought it was hilarious.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Cas, why didn’t you tell me?” Dean’s voice broke and his throat burned. He was determined not to cry, and his willpower was fuelled by Winchester stubbornness.
“I’m sure I will do lots of stupid stuff and hurt him accidently,” Dean muttered.
“Angels have pure, white feathers, unless they give their allegiance a mortal over Heaven,” Matthias explained, “Every Angel who has made such a terrible choice has been killed or died a slow death. When Castiel was dragged back to Heaven and you met his vessel, there were a handful of grey feathers. After he helped you avert the Apocalypse, they all turned grey.”
“That does sound like Castiel,” Gabriel agreed, “Let’s go tell Sam who’s riding in your head.”
“Of course not; I don’t trust anyone, as a rule.”
Dean nearly dropped the pool cue, “He what?”
“You know, Castiel, I believe you about the key to those handcuffs,” Matthias said, “You were always a terrible liar.”
“Dean is still asleep,” Michael said softly, “His soul appreciates your proximity.”
“I respect them, enjoy their company and want them to be happy,” Gabriel explained, “What more could I want?”
“Still not interested in your kinky fantasies,” Gabriel said cheekily, “Chuck has ordered all of us to remain in the bunker until told otherwise.”
Gabriel instructed his brother,
have PTSD around here?” Gabriel grumbled.
“Held captive and tortured for nearly a year, but not dead; I did give you the highlights,” Gabriel clarified.
“You want to speed up the timeline and keep our allies out of the way in Oz,” Sam realized, “Why?”
“You’re welcome,” Sam replied quickly. He was desperately trying to imagine something awful to control the erection pressed against her lower back. His hands were flat on the bed, as he didn’t know where else to put them.
Faith started giggling. Multiple sets of eyes turned toward her with clear curiosity.
“So, Cas,” Sam said with a small smile, “How are you coping with the vessel change?”
Sam couldn’t describe how light he felt; as though Lucifer was just a story made up to scare people into going to church.
“You need blood,” Sam realized.
Lucifer was horrified, “Naomi? That uppity snob with no sense of humour?”
“We’ll be fine,” Sam offered. He found the presence of Cas in Faith’s body to be quite creepy.
Faith remained silent. She wanted to blurt out the truth; that the urge to mark Sam as her mate had been too strong to deny, but she was not that stupid.
“I can see why he seeks to limit the human population,” Balthazar said hesitantly, “But so many of our siblings don’t care about humanity.”
“He’s an ass,” Gabriel pointed out, “Who has died on many occasions.”
Sam watched Faith stare at his brother in disbelief. She shook her head slightly and her eyes darted between them, “Is this a joke?”
Faith began pacing in a loose circle around Gabriel. She had been given the short version of what a Nephilim was, but hearing that an Archangel feared the creature only increased her anxiety. Before, she had thought she was going to die. Now, she was sure they were both going to die. She was still silently wondering if she should flee in terror when a familiar face caught her eye.
“He wants Angels to embrace Free Will,” Gabriel offered, “You were right about that, but triggered some bad mojo. You begged him for help; here it is.”
Dean kept his eyes on Cas while his hand stroked the unfamiliar penis with movements he had practised on himself since he was a teenager.
The laughter confused Castiel, as she hadn’t been making a joke.
He hated sleeping and stayed awake for as long as possible by watching the television. Faith quickly recognised his strategy and joined him on the couch. She kept a stack of books next to her position on the couch for when Castiel inevitably fell asleep.
“Michael disagrees with you,” Dean said simply.
“Hurry up, Sammy!” Dean snapped.
“Of course, it does; you want to get back to your Vampire-girl,” Dean pointed out, “That’s still creepy, by the way.”
“The man in the photo is my father; mother had a picture, but he used a different name,” Jane said quietly.
“No,” Dean argued, his voice muffled by the fabric, “I’m trying to give you some privacy.”
A few minutes later Balthazar, Jane and Faith were poised at a rear exit while the Winchesters and Castiel waited at the front door.
Faith shrugged, “Not as bad as I expected. Wary, but not hysterical.”
“Bloody Naomi,” Gabriel realized, “As soon as I’m allowed back in Heaven, I’m going to slap her around; a pocket-dimension where she is trapped as a mental patient would fit nicely.”
“I’m not talking about your idiotic rebellion,” Gabriel clarified with a snort, “I’m talking about you; my big brother who practically raised me and is now under the control of a creature he considers no more evolved than an insect.”
“That doesn’t matter. If you want to chat again, knock at the front door. I’m sure you’ll want to discuss the Demon and Angel tablets soon,” Gabriel mused, “I’d also like to discuss your mother; she’s sexy.”
Dean sat up, “Cas, if I thought for a moment that he’d try to hurt you, I’d put him in the box with my Hell memories.”
The light condensed abruptly, and Cas stepped out in his trench coat-wearing vessel.
Dean stood up and flinched. Gabriel watched the energy swirl around as a silent conversation took place.
“Don’t worry about Dean,” Gabriel advised the King of Hell, “He greets me like that every morning.”
“Sam is having a nightmare,” Castiel said worriedly.
Sam nodded and Faith helped him to his feet. Two days in a coma and Adam being part-Angel were forgotten when he found Lucifer serving lunch while wearing an apron which announced; ‘Cheeky Devil’.
“I was never displeased,” Chuck said gently, “I’ve been exploring alternate realities which are created when I interfere in the time-line.”
Gabriel lingered to observe Dean and Castiel for a few extra moments. They were on opposite ends of the couch and they both seemed comfortable.
“You should,” Dean retorted, “If they are let out, Lucifer will come after Sam. He’s been through enough at the hands of that bastard.”
Gadreel supported Lucifer long enough to prevent him from falling while he moved toward the bleeding mortal.
Dean hurried after the floating glow, which was drifting away behind Castiel.
Samandriel waited for them at the door of the bunker, with an unconscious Adam in his arms.
“I need to move back into Jimmy’s body before Faith next needs to drink blood; she and Sam wish to consummate their relationship, and they will refrain if I am still present,” Castiel admitted.
“Friend of yours?” Sam ventured.
“Nothing too worrisome,” Gabriel said vaguely.
“Good afternoon, Meggy,” Gabriel greeted cheerfully, “You look lovely this morning.”
“Dean, there is no way to predict how the Grace in you would affect us,” Castiel warned, his eyes still fixed on the wall.
Dean kept a firm grip on the tie, as it was the perfect way to keep Castiel close. He kept the kisses short and light, not wanting to overwhelm him.
“Help yourselves,” the Archangel said casually, “Unless you want your Angels to help you get dressed?”
“Neither Vodka nor Whiskey has the power of speech, Sam,” Castiel pointed out condescendingly.
Sam kept his eyes on Chuck, so he saw the visible flinch from Gabriel. The cold glare Chuck levelled at Dean made both Hunters gulp.
“I understand.”
Gabriel was trying not to be manipulative, which was why he was being honest. He felt like he had been obvious in guiding Dean to the idea of being a vessel for Castiel, yet it took the Hunter so long to reach the right conclusion.
“I don’t even want to know,” Sam decided.
Dean was not surprised when Michael used that exact phrase. Internally, he laughed hard at the dumbfounded expressions following Michael’s apology.
Sam realized their captive was on the verge of tears. The trembling lip and rapid blinking were obvious even to Dean, who shuffled his weight from one foot to another. Crying women unnerved him more than any monster.
Gabriel held up his hands in mock surrender and backed away a few steps. The grin on his face was as smug as ever.
“Meg,” Castiel repeated.
“Who are you?” she asked calmly. Her voice was quiet and did not tremble.
“And a lot of drugs,” Dean added.
“Unless one of the Angels decides to kill her,” Balthazar pointed out.
“Having you in my head was weird,” Dean admitted, “But once you left, I missed you.”
“Observing you,” Gadreel stated.
“I’ll check it out,” Dean offered, “I’ll run if I see any sparks.”
“Shut-up, Gabriel,” Castiel sighed.
“Thank-you for not shooting me,” Faith said lightly when she was alone with Dean.
“No,” Castiel said flatly.
“I want to hate him,” Sam admitted, “He terrifies me, but he protected me from Michael and the cage. The ‘true vessel’ stuff is also weird.”
“We’re putting these clothes straight in the washing machine when we get home,” Gabriel mused, “You probably want to brush your teeth, too.”
A wave of dizziness washed over Dean. He hunched forward and opened his eyes when the glow had faded completely.
Castiel had seen his brother turn on the charm in the past, though not to a human. He found their interactions to be rather fascinating.
“Why did you form a Flock with them?” Lucifer asked bluntly.
“Of course, I resent the jerk; he has the power and refuses to do anything with it. Even I had to step up during the first Apocalypse. He stood next to you while you exploded!”
“I’d like to make a deal,” Gabriel revealed with a smirk.
“So, Cas is smitten but won’t make a move?” Sam said quietly, “And Dean?”
“Castiel has changed so much since we met him,” Sam added, “He was pretty robotic at first.”
“Compared to most Angels, he was a comedian,” Samandriel recalled, “I’m not sure how he avoided Naomi’s drill.”
Sam could not form words. Knowing Castiel was inhabiting Faith’s body was deeply unsettling on multiple levels.
“Gabriel; get me out of here! Please!”
Dean sighed,
“Was there a reason behind ensuring Faith’s presence here?” Gabriel asked, “Or having her feed from Castiel in his male vessel?”
“Stop harassing my mate,” Castiel said calmly, “I know plenty of sigils which can be adjusted to target specific individuals.”
Gadreel frowned at that idea.
“He seemed like the type to enjoy pain,” Faith said while wiping her mouth with her sleeve. She had spat out the blood, but the acrid taste lingered in her mouth.
“I am Asmodeus, Prince of Hell. Now, answer the question before I have to hurt you.”
“I understand Grace-sharing has become taboo,” Chuck continued easily, “We can’t completely blame Naomi for that, though. Michael made it clear that he blamed Lucifer’s Fall on the practise, in combination with the Mark of Darkness.”
“I’m, ah, sorry for how I treated you,” Lucifer said in a rush.
“I always imagined threesome with two women,” Dean managed.
“I don’t appreciate being manipulated,” Castiel spat.
A second man stood up and quickly approached the panicked human, “Samuel Winchester, do you need assistance?”
“I tried my best,” Michael protested, “I am sorry for the suffering I caused, but I don’t know what else I could have done.”
Samandriel staggered forward, his eyes fixed on Castiel. Dean remained close to Cas, wondering if Samandriel was going to attack the Angel who had killed him.
“My dick has trouble ignoring a sexy female taking off her clothes in my bedroom,” Dean said into the pillow.
Four sets of Grace snapped back to their owners.
“We can’t even escape this room, so let’s just relax for a while,” Castiel suggested, “Are you hungry?”
Gabriel watched his brother fight off a wave of panic and clutch Jane to his chest tighter.
“Without a human soul, Castiel is more connected to her body,” Gabriel explained, “The bond with Dean is allowing for more human traits to emerge; she can taste and is currently asleep.”
“Let Cas go!” Dean ordered.
Adam shook his head, “My brothers would be even more annoying than yours if you do that.”
Chuck watched Dean and Faith guide Sam into a chair. Knowing Sam was traumatised by his time in the Cage was different to seeing the tall Hunter on the verge of a panic attack.
Balthazar couldn’t see the wings of the Archangel, but he could feel the way one settled over him to offer comfort. His Grace slid under Gabriel’s like a cat seeking affection.
Gabriel shook his head, “No; his soul looks like any other to me. He is bright to you because you’re supposed to be together.”
Dean could hear an echo of the conversation Cas had with Balthazar, though their shared Grace. Images of Leviathans, insanity, Purgatory and torture at the hands of Naomi were offered to Balthazar.
“Kevin should have rung her by now,” Dean decided, “Be polite, she is scary when she’s angry.”
“Gabriel boasted using that exact term,” Michael admitted.
“Sam and I are going for a walk,” Chuck said cheerfully.
Chuck was not insulted, “Gabriel wants me to seek their opinions before I take action.”
“His soul is merging with my Grace!”
Gabriel sighed, “Straight to the point; you have the subtlety of a Winchester. Meg is an ally and there is a process which could turn her back into a human. If she agrees, this could be offered to Crowley as proof that we have no intention of killing him.”
“I have a lot to teach this Angel,” Faith agreed, “Beginning with the male disease of emotional constipation. He has a basic knowledge of biology, but my next period is going to be interesting.”
Sam wrapped his arms around Faith and pulled her back against his chest. Her wrist pulled at the restraint instinctively and her eyes remained locked on Gabriel.
Lucifer snorted, “And then he kept his hands to himself? There’s your proof that it was a product of your mind.”
Gabriel snorted, “As long as Michael and Lucifer aren’t invited.”
“Not stupid; try desperate,” Gabriel corrected, “Though Lucifer acting like a petulant child was pretty funny, even if it was a second-hand memory.”
“I still believe humanity is a plague,” Lucifer sighed, without venom.
“I can manage pain when I have my Grace,” Castiel explained, “It is still present, but I am able to compartmentalise.”
Lucifer’s gaze dropped back to his food.
Sam slowly moved away from Balthazar, unsure if the nausea and pain would return. He breathed a sigh of relief when he was able to disengage without nasty side effects.
Dean was woken abruptly by a push of Grace. He realized he had fallen asleep on the couch and Castiel was in the grip of a nightmare.
Castiel nodded, though it made his head hurt, “My judgement is as unreliable as that of any Angel.”
Sam dropped his arms away from Faith and she recognised the silent consent he offered.
“They were once all close,” Faith added, “Gabriel described Heaven as wonderful before Chuck left. When Michael let Naomi drill into the Angel’s brains, they became an army rather than a family.”
“Nice; these kept you from being found,” Matthias realized, “As we can’t recall you to Heaven while you have them on. Where’s the key?”
“Why bother?” Castiel asked apathetically.
Dean was clearly annoyed, “I am surprisingly well-adjusted, considering my life experiences.”
Gadreel was the first to Fall to Earth with Father’s approval.
Lucifer let his forehead tilt forward to rest on Gabriel’s shoulder. He let his dark thoughts surface and run rampant.
Gabriel laughed at the dumbfounded expression on the face of the interviewer.
“A handprint,” Gabriel replied with a smirk.
Sam described their location while Dean climbed out of the car and struggled to contain his temper.
“Welcome to the family reunion,” Gabriel said cheerily.
“I didn’t see the point in telling you,” Castiel explained, “You felt unworthy of being saved from Hell; how could I add to that burden by revealing what I had done?”
“He’s gone,” Sam whispered.
“Piss off, bitch,” Dean threw back, “No-one wants to hear from you.”
The claustrophobia of being trapped in a human body was intensified by the knowledge of the future. He wished he still had his wings so he could soar high above the Earth and feel utterly free.
Faith smiled mischievously, “I’ll let you know; when you two manage to agree on something.”
“I’m not sure. Being half-Vampire might interfere with the healing process,” Gabriel said as his eyes checked the wings which were loosely folded on his brothers’ back.
“Cram it, Gabby,” Dean called over his shoulder.
“I was too much of a coward to come back and help you with Raph,” Gabriel pointed out, “Shouldn’t I bear a big chunk of responsibility too?”
“As fun as it is to commit crimes in broad daylight, let’s go home,” Faith prompted.
“Bacon first, brothers later,” Dean muttered.
“What?” Dean yelped, “Now?”
Gabriel glared down at the smited body of the mouthy Demon who had held him captive.
“Is that why I’m drawn to you? I don’t even know how to describe it,” Dean admitted.
“Nope; it’s completely optional.”
sign which appeared behind Michael and Lucifer elicited a few giggles.
Michael chuckled at the idea before he withdrew to let Dean wake up with control over his own body.
Lucifer could feel the affect Sam was having on him, but he couldn’t summon the energy to care. The power Sam wielded demanded honesty, so he didn’t try to prevent the truth from escaping.
“We’re conditioned to be soldiers,” Balthazar explained, “Grace-melding became taboo.”
“We’re all ears,” Dean said snidely.
A wave of recognition prompted Dean to sit up straight, “That’s it; I can feel where you are without looking. Is that bad?”
“What?” Dean asked with confusion, “It’s Chuck. Hello, Chuck!”
Gabriel had a plate of food in front of him, but he was talking so much that Meg helped herself to it.
Faith watched the older Hunter stick up his middle finger at Gabriel before he stomped away. Gabriel grinned after him.
Castiel glanced between the Dhampir and the Archangel, “Not exactly. My vessel was your cousin.”
The worried posture of the Archangel warned Castiel that the conversation had a dangerous purpose.
Jane crossed her arms over her chest, “Unlike some, I am not a murderer.”
Michael withdrew deep into Dean’s mind as Gabriel and Lucifer left the room. He was vaguely aware of Castiel entering shortly thereafter. Even though Dean was asleep, his soul brightened as the Angel drew closer.
“I hope the bra fits!” Gabriel called after him.
“And I recognised that look on your face when I do this,” Dean countered, running his fingers through the feathers with more force, “Do you think I could get you off just by playing with your wings?”
The clang of the front door being opened from the outside echoed through the bunker.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Eager to get rid of me?” he joked instead.
“Let me out, dammit!” Dean growled, “I have to do something; then if I fail, I will have at least
“Sometimes, ignorance is bliss.”
“She can do that?” Dean realized, “Shit.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Fury swelled up in Lucifer’s chest, so potent that he couldn’t even speak.
“My support,” Gabriel explained, “If anyone tries to overthrow the current King of Hell, they will have to deal with me, too.”
Sam regarded her thoughtfully, “As much as I could.”
“Let’s look for this dungeon, then,” Dean decided.
Sam snorted with amusement. Gadreel waited patiently for his eldest brother to take charge of his vessel.
Faith was still laughing when the males in question joined them on the couch for the post-dinner movie, which had been delayed by the poker game.
Faith watched Dean reluctantly lower the gun and glare at the taller man. Her gums itched, indicating the fangs were seconds away from appearing. From her time at the mercy of the Men of Letters, she knew she only had two.
“You’ll never be happy.”
“Don’t care,” Dean retorted, “You talk too much. We’re having another shot.”
“What?” Dean yelled.
Gabriel smirked, “I like to think he made me and decided he had reached perfection, so he tried something new.”
“Hello, Meg,” Dean offered. She held a slab of rock that he recognised as the Angel tablet close to her chest.
“Well, that’s something,” Gabriel said cheerfully, “Is this brother as stubborn as you two? I vote yes if he’s still sane.”
“What about forcing those memories onto you?” Jane challenged, “You clearly said ‘no’ and he did it anyway.”
Purgatory was a fitting punishment for the devastation he had wrought in Heaven, no matter how noble his intentions had been. Castiel resented Naomi for pulling him out, but he had not realized how badly he had been tortured until Gabriel shoved the excruciating details into his mind.
“Only Gabriel is as bad or worse than you,” Castiel commented.
“I’m buzzed,” Dean explained, “My brain is still working, it’s just a little slower than normal.”
“There we go,” Gabriel said happily, “No problems. It’s almost like you two were made for each other.”
Castiel leaned away from the blade, kept his eyes on the floor and remained silent.
Before Faith could reply, Gabriel appeared. As the first Demon was burned from the inside-out, a ring of Holy Fire was ignited around him.
Dean was trying to investigate strange deaths via online newspapers, but he was having trouble concentrating.
Sam and Dean shared a knowing glance. Gabriel was right and seemed to be trying to help in his own, blunt way. He produced a line of shot glasses and poured alcohol into each one.
“He was willing,” Gabriel protested, “He and Faith are nearly inseparable, now.”
“I want to change your vessel to a female. I want you to reabsorb your Grace and take Faith as a temporary vessel. If something goes wrong -”
“You took on my pain and spent a year in Purgatory as penance. You tried your best,” Sam argued, “I chose to jump in the Cage and Lucifer chose to torture me between bouts with Michael before you pulled my body out. We are all culpable, and I don’t hold a grudge against you. I’m not sure about Lucifer, yet.”
Gabriel smiled at the disgust in Dean’s expression. Bringing Meg to the bunker would be worth the trouble, just to watch the fall-out.
“Would it have made a difference?” Castiel retorted icily.
“I need to change Castiel’s vessel into a female, so Dean will get over his petty issues and accept him as his soulmate. I can’t think of another way to save him.”
“Is this some sort of revenge for my betrayal of you?” Castiel asked the Demon coldly, “I’ve refrained from ripping your spine out through your mouth only because Sam complains about mess in the library.”
“Inias,” the Angel said quickly, “We met last year?”
“Dean won’t play ball until Castiel is alone in a female vessel,” Gabriel said quietly, “Even then, he’s not the type to rush into commitment.”
Castiel liked Dean’s room; it was decorated in a reflection of the Hunter’s tastes. He hoped Dean would be more comfortable in familiar surroundings.
“Never?” the Hunter blurted unintentionally.
In the stillness of the Empty, an Angel suddenly woke up.
Gabriel appeared at the end of the bed, wiping tears from his eyes as his laughter subsided.
Castiel didn’t understand why Dean was so excited, and he didn’t really care. He simply followed the man with a contented smile on his fac. There was something utterly fascinating about the unrestrained delight he had never observed in Dean before.
Gabriel sighed, “Use logic, Sambo; if the gates were closed, where do all the damned souls go?”
“Keep working on that sense of humour, little sister,” Gabriel advised.
“That we know of,” Gabriel chuckled.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Gabriel groaned, “I am seriously tempted to slap you in the head. You were chock full of Leviathans; don’t you think they were messing with your judgement?”
Sam knew Chuck was speaking the truth; he could feel the echo of the fire of the Cage and the burn of Grace as a vivid memory.
Sam pulled open the door, and Gabriel internally sighed again. He had altered the wards to recognise the Hunters by blood and the twits hadn’t even thanked him; he wondered if they had even noticed.
Sam and Dean also remained in the room, watching Adam with concerned expressions.
“Why would Father trap me in Sam’s body?” Lucifer asked with clear frustration, “It’s not helping.”
“To kill Abaddon, Dean accepts the Mark of Cain. You kill her, but the Mark turns you into a Demon,” Gabriel says between shots, “When you two geniuses get the Mark off, the Darkness is released into the world.”
“I’m not good at talking, Cas,” Dean said honestly, “If being your vessel for a while will sort this out, you have my consent.”
Angels were not male or female; gender was simply irrelevant. Unfortunately, Gabriel had no way of forcing Dean to drop the petty, learned assumptions of his environment.
“Yep; scarred but still glows more than the sun. Any Archangel can see the you’re as stubborn as a mule; even worse than Dean,” Gabriel confirmed.
“Good,” Dean decided, “No-one else should see them.”
“Are you planning to do that, then?” Sam asked with a sigh.
“Luckily, you’re here to protect me,” Dean joked.
“Are you supplying the booze?” Dean asked with a smile, “We’ve got beer, but not enough to get an Angel tipsy.”
“No idea,” Dean realized, “It’s a pretty stupid saying, I guess.”
Sam found eight different keys in the items they had already sorted. As he returned to the dungeon with the whole box, Dean was idly poking through a box on the movable shelf. Sam resented how calm the older Hunter was in comparison to the mild panic he was experiencing.
Faith nodded, “I’ll tell him. Um, thanks for not killing me.”
“Ladies first?” Dean offered to Sam.
“That’s what I said!” Dean complained.
“Human emotions are very confusing,” Castiel offered quietly, “I have observed some extremely odd behaviour in the past from Sam and Dean; now I understand how overpowering human emotions are; their bizarre behaviours make sense.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Gabriel shrugged, “The more allies, the better; maybe she can show Castiel the fun part of being human? Who better to defile an Angel than a Demon?”
“Were you addressing one of us?” Samandriel enquired politely.
Sam couldn’t shake the nagging sensation in his gut which urged him to do something. The world was falling apart. Society was collapsing and riots were turning into chaos no-one could control.
Faith smiled faintly, “Where are they?”
“I extracted a promise from him that he would not try to kill himself,” Gabriel revealed seriously.
“How long should I wait before I drop in on your dreams?” Lucifer asked, “I remember taking months to connect, due to your shitty sleeping patterns.”
“You’re said that about every drink we’ve tried,” Dean complained.
“Was he always so annoying?” Dean asked Faith. He realized a moment too late that Cas was supposed to be healing.
“In the original timeline, you were killed by the Men of Letters,” Gabriel said to Faith, “Father tweaked some memories, so they thought you were dead and put you to sleep. I just had to push Sam to find you.”
Fear and fury flooded through Gabriel.
“Castiel said you’re cute when you’re clueless,” Faith continued.
Castiel propped himself up on one elbow and locked eyes on Dean, “You have a physical reaction to me whenever I appear. You’re either terrified or aroused. Which is it, Dean?”
“What happened?” Faith demanded as she rushed forward to help.
“I am Matthias,” she said with a smirk, “I work with Naomi.”
“Yes, this morning,” Gabriel revealed, “Last I checked, he has refused to leave his room except to go to the bathroom.”
“Come in,” he called softly. It was automatic to be polite, while his instincts instructed him to yell at whoever was at the door to piss off and die.
“I have tried to kill Crowley a few times,” Meg explained, “If I remain a Demon, I will try again. I am willing to be cured, if there is a chance I don’t have to go to Hell when I die.”
“Are you trying to get hit in the face?”
The towels were thick and felt great against her skin. She pulled on the knee-length skirt she had chosen and wondered if she could acquire new clothes. She had never been interested in fashion but blending in would be an issue if she was ever released.
Dean stalked around the bed to investigate a new door which had not existed before.
The brothers shared a glance of disdain before Dean spoke, “Have you met us? We’re all about thwarting plans.”
“You had a hissy fit in a hurricane?” Dean laughed, “That’s new.”
“Jimmy,” Dean interrupted, “His name was Jimmy.”
“It’s obvious; but I didn’t realize it was so important,” Castiel explained as she resorted to pulling the shoulder straps of her bra down and twisting the contraption around her torso to bring the hooks into view.
“Is this how Dean flirts?” Faith asked Sam.
“Apparently, Jane brought him back to life and he is on his way here.”
Sam couldn’t define what he was feeling, not even to himself. As much as he wanted to leave Lucifer in the box, he knew that he had to face his nightmare. The memories of pain and humiliation were bad enough; even if they had been produced by his mind trying to interpret his time in the Cage.
Sam sat down on the bed and shifted to the backs of his knees were pressed against the edge of the mattress. Faith watched him roll back the sleeve of his left arm to bare his forearm.
“Kind of, yeah,” Dean mumbled. His fingers flexed with tension, but his own moral code prevented him from reaching forward.
“Both of them need some hard lessons about the pain they inflict on others,” Gabriel interjected, before Dean could say something rude.
Adam watched Dean close his eyes as he allowed the Archangel to take control. A moment later he stood up and regarded the younger man with a small smile.
Cas summarised,
“Would you like me to guide your brain away from nightmares if they occur?” Castiel offered.
“Then, we have lots of work to do. Now, answer the question; are you going back in time?”
“I’ve missed you, Gabriel,” Castiel said abruptly, “I wish you had been with me when Raphael was trying to restart the Apocalypse.”
“I’d like to convince Kevin to move in here,” Sam continued, “Having the protection of an Archangel might be enough to make moving worth the risk.”
“They’re so
“Hold the light over here,” Sam instructed as he juggled the keys. The machete was forgotten in the storeroom.
“I like it, too,” Gabriel agreed, “An Angel called Loki is icing on the cake.”
“I am forcing Lucifer to be completely truthful, though I’m not sure how,” Sam revealed, “He has shown me his version of my Cage memories.”
“He is waking up,” Samandriel confirmed, retracting his hand.
“The Cage,” Dean predicted gloomily.
“Your souls are entwined,” Lucifer noted, “I will endeavour to ‘behave’ myself.”
Castiel was sure Gabriel was planning something and he didn’t want the Winchesters interfering.
“Appear in that vessel, then,” Sam said easily, “And assure me right away that you don’t want to bring on the Apocalypse or destroy humanity.”
“You’re not worried, but Castiel has never had to listen to you scream as appendages are cut off. How many fingers and toes will I take before he does as he is told?”
“Yep, and it’s autumn here. Imagine the summer heat.”
“Nothing life-changing,” Gabriel assured him.
“I am sorry I shoved the memories in your head like that,” Gabriel said carefully, “I should have explained more, or something.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“What did your moronic brother do this time?” Dean asked warily.
The Lucifer with the knife was thrown to the floor with a bloody nose.
“So, it’s true?” Dean asked quietly, “You ripped out a piece of yourself to sew me back together?”
“Plan?” Dean repeated dubiously.
Sam was extremely curious, “Why? Leaving Abaddon makes sense, but the tablets are important. We can seal the gates of Hell!”
“No; last night should sustain me for days.”
Sam couldn’t help but laugh, “Yes, but you were the one complaining that they wouldn’t get together. Making fun of them won’t help,” he hissed as he herded Gabriel down the hall.
“Has this bond-thing settled yet?” Dean demanded.
“Is he going to die of alcohol poisoning?” Dean asked Gabriel worriedly.
Charlie giggled, which drew a frown from Dean.
“I’m listening,” Dean grumbled.
“The four of you need to have a chat and decide as a group,” Gabriel said, breaking the silence abruptly, “I’m sure I will be binding Faith’s soul to Sam’s soon. You’re all connected, so the vote has to be unanimous.”
Gabriel was proud to introduce Rowena as the most powerful witch on Earth and loved hearing the story of how she had reduced the Wizard of Oz to a smear on the yellow brick road.
“No; you are more than welcome in my space,” Dean decided, gripping the hips of the Angel with both hands.
Cas stumbled abruptly and reached out to brace himself with one hand against the doorframe leading to the bathroom.
A quick trip to the bathroom was followed by a change of clothes. She was relieved to find the hall empty and assumed everyone else was still asleep.
Sam was eating breakfast while Dean was still snoring. James and Porsha had left town the previous evening, and Sam was eager to get back to the bunker.
Every Angel who died ripped open the wound in his chest a little more. Gabriel was right to kidnap him and handcuff his powers. Castiel was sure he deserved to die or be dragged to Hell to be tortured for eternity.
Gabriel could see all human souls as easily as he could see their bodies, so he never felt the urge to stare at a human like a love-struck idiot.
“Should the prospect of including you in future sexual activities disturb me?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Get Castiel to explain it,” Gabriel grumbled.
Gabriel swore in Enochian.
“Like Naomi and her goons?” Dean guessed.
Dean explained that the three dates before sex was not an actual rule, which Cas was glad to hear.
Faith let go of Sam’s arm and let her hands fall back to her knees. She could feel the reaction Sam was having to being fed upon, but she couldn’t reassure him with Gabriel in the room.
“Yet, I do regret Sam’s suffering; even when I was trying to protect him,” Lucifer continued, “Why do I regret hurting Sam, when I hurt others so much more?”
Sam ignored the stab of jealousy that image triggered, “You can’t force the memories on Cas, or anyone!”
“You’re welcome,” Gabriel responded between mouthfuls of popcorn, “Splitting atoms and recombining them into food molecules is a hobby of mine.”
Dean sighed as he realized how significant the request was. He did not want to get that close to Lucifer, even if he was an observer rather than a participant.
“Gabriel says a lot of garbage,” Dean countered. He regretted it the moment Sam smirked at him.
Dean snorted with laughter but couldn’t maintain the mirth for more than a second.
“I am glad you came back to change events,” Castiel said to his brother, “I have enough to regret in my existence without adding the murder of a peaceful Nephilim to the pile.”
“Sex,” Dean supplied, “Sammy, if you’re old enough to do it you should be able to say it.”
“No,” Cas whispered.
“Easier said than done.”
“He is in a Healing coma,” Gabriel explained softly.
Faith offered a wave. Sam returned it as he stumbled toward the garage.
Sam stood up carefully and kept the distance between them while she used the chain to balance herself and regain her footing.
“You really don’t. Any attempt to thwart his plans would not end well for you,” Gabriel growled.
Faith caught her eye and shrugged.
Castiel defused the anger with touches and calm words, “He is not accusing us of anything, Dean. In Heaven, privacy is a different concept. Sharing thoughts is common and hiding something usually indicates a problem.”
Dean was relieved that his brother was still in one piece.
“Clearly, bras were invented by a man,” Castiel complained.
Gabriel had intended to update Castiel while the brothers slept, but him insisting on removing his Grace had mucked up the plan. Castiel was coping better than expected; though Gabriel only had experience with his own humanity.
Gabriel never explained why he had stood against Michael to defend them. His only comment afterwards had been ‘You owe me’.
The Hunter’s eyes were fixed on his wings, which were raised and flared widely.
“Is that my punishment?” Castiel continued, “To have to listen to you prattle on like this? You have no idea how I feel, or why.”
The visage of Lucifer in his previous vessel sitting at the map table shocked Sam so badly that he froze in place. Distorted images from the Cage rushed through his mind, triggering a cascade of terror.
Sam would have preferred to star in another humiliating Trickster-show than admit what he had heard. He sighed, “Gabriel thinks Cas is in love with you.”
Dean spent the afternoon cleaning guns, sharpening knives and working on the new car in the garage. Gabriel’s comment that the Hunter was ‘preparing for war’ wasn’t much of an exaggeration.
Faith returned with Sam and Dean was sure he heard his brother with the Dhampir good luck.
“I wouldn’t expect anything less,” Faith said simply, her eyes still on Dean.
“It really doesn’t,” Adam muttered.
“Yes, but there were hundreds of couples who were set up to unite the required bloodlines,” Gabriel revealed, “You and Dean won the shitty version of the lottery, so they gave him the title of ‘Righteous’.”
Gabriel lifted his head to smirk at Dean, “Get over here, you stubborn jackass; you’re a part of this too.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes, “Is the secret discussion over yet?”
“Gabriel thinks it is rather entertaining,” Michael added with a frown, “I still don’t understand his sense of humour; the Pagans made him so much worse.”
“That’s very kind of you,” Castiel acknowledged politely.
“I guess Lucifer didn’t let me out much in the Cage?” Sam ventured.
“He betrayed us before Lucifer,” Michael argued.
“I assume you will remain on Earth with Dean?” Michael continued, “I’d like to visit regularly; the distance from humanity didn’t help me to understand them.”
“Where do we start?” Faith prompted with a smile. She could hear the spike in his heart rate and found his shy expression to be quite cute.
Gabriel realized. After thousands of years alone, he had recreated the camaraderie of Heaven. A slow smile crept across his face as he realized what he had again; a family.
Sam struggled to process why his ears were ringing and his wrists were burning with pain. He moaned softly and struggled to open his eyes.
Dean chuckled, the fury ebbing away in the face of the dry humour.
Gabriel laughed, “I never thought you’d be so squeamish.”
“Which leaves what, exactly?”
Sam fell silent while Gabriel communicated with Castiel and left the bunker at a run. He used his Grace to make himself invisible to all except God and Amara.
“Something about being assertive,” Castiel continued as she savoured the unique mix of scents which was distinctly Dean.
“How many Angels are left?”
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed simply.
“Put the door back,” Dean said in lieu of a greeting.
Castiel was gripping the edge of the table with white knuckles, “I am worse than Lucifer.”
“Having children is a privilege, not a ‘right’,” Chuck said simply, “This planet is not the property of humans; it belongs to all life-forms. I will protect the Earth by limiting humans however I see fit.”
“Still, none of your business,” Dean pointed out.
He was unable to stop beating Dean into a bloody pulp over the Angel tablet, or to stop Metatron pining him down and slitting his throat to extract his Grace.
Dean sent,
“When I found out you had relations with Anna, I was a tad upset,” Castiel admitted.
“I never blamed you for my imprisonment, Samael; Michael bears more responsibility than you do.”
“Angels bonding with humans?” Castiel muttered, “I’ve had years to adjust to Dean, and he still confuses me.”
“That sounds like a compliment.”
“He is the most stubborn human in existence,” Sam agreed, “And he would rather suffer in silence than admit when he needs help.”
“I have to go take a picture of Dean sitting on Sammy,” Gabriel laughed.
Dean could tell Gabriel was initiating some sort of formal ritual. Dean felt like he was intruding on something private.
“Telepathy is a probably side-effect, too,” Castiel added, “I’m already picking up a few words from Dean when he’s not praying to me.”
Lucifer wasn’t isolating himself, which was a stark change. Sam could not deny the uneasy feeling the Archangel ignited in him, even as logic assured him that there was no threat.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Lucifer appeared surprised, “Sure. That guy was annoying and had no style. Do you have dreams like that often?”
“And mine,” Balthazar added darkly.
Sam met Gabriel’s blank gaze before he cleared his throat to ask another question, “Is there anything we can say or do to make you change your mind?”
Jane regarded the Archangel critically, “Does Castiel know of this plan?”
Gabriel knew why Crowley was being so cooperative; his humiliation at the hands of Lucifer hurt more than any weapon possibly could. The Demon would die rather than live through that again.
Finally, he seemed to relax. Blue eyes darted around the room which was illuminated by the light in the hall.
“Demon blood,” Sam realized.
“If you weren’t wounded, I’d punch you for being so stupid,” Dean said flatly.
Gabriel produced an Angel blade and a small container. He placed them both carefully on the table.
Dean was vividly reminded of Cas bearing down on him years earlier with a similar accusation. He backed away instinctively as the Angel stalked forward.
“All that time with Michael has left a heavy mark on his soul,” Gabriel explained gently, “Those sigils were designed to target everything Angelic.”
Faith kept him pinned with surprisingly little effort. She leaned forward to speak quietly enough not to be overheard, “When your words hurt Sam, I hurt you,” she hissed.
“You fear me?” Michael questioned blatantly.
“You can,” Cas replied softly, “But move slowly; I’ve never let anyone touch them before.”
Though Sam complained that pancakes were a breakfast staple, Gabriel ignored him. While the evening movie played, Lucifer learned how to eat pancakes without making a mess.
“Not today; maybe next week,” Lucifer deadpanned.
“Gabriel went somewhere with Meg; Castiel is sure his brother is planning something,” Faith said, “Dean’s not worried, but Castiel is.”
Matthias trailed the tip of the Angel blade up the arm of her intended victim. She was lining up the angle to cut through the joint when Castiel started speaking in Enochian.
Sam woke from the most restful sleep he had experienced in years. He glanced around his room in the bunker as memories of the Demon attack rose in his mind.
“Does money still mean anything, anymore?” Dean asked.
“Burgers!” Dean said gleefully as he dug through the bag.
“No comments on that, thank-you,” Dean said quickly.
Before Dean could start yelling, Gabriel waved his hand and a large pile of clothing appeared in between the two Angels.
?” Lucifer snorted, “Maybe I did drive you insane.”
“One question at a time,” Gabriel said with a smile, “I am Gabriel, Archangel of the Lord; also known as Loki the Norse God.” He let the shadow of his wings flicked in the dull light.
Jane ate some leftover pizza while Balthazar was suspiciously quiet.
It was close to dawn when Gabriel finally stopped giving horrid suggestions about what to search for on the laptop Castiel was using.
“We’d better compare the experience,” Dean said with a shy smile.
Dean left the Archangel to his quiet contemplation. Lucifer was watching Sam again, and the frown on his face annoyed Dean. Though, he realized, if the Devil smiled at Sam instead, Dean would reach for an Angel blade.
Rowena was clearly interested in Gabriel, but cautious. Learning Angels were real and meeting one would be a shock to most people; having an Archangel show a decisive interest in something more than friendship was daunting even to a three-hundred-year-old witch.
The Men of Letters bunker was quiet and peaceful. There was no indication that a certain Archangel had been sent back in time, or that Chuck had interfered even further back.
Faith reached out to squeeze his knee through the blanket, “A bunch of reasons; mainly I’m curious and hope we can be friends.”
As far as Castiel knew, an Angel had never fully bonded with a human soul. A touch could leave a mark, and prolonged contact left a permanent connection like he had with Dean.
Something deep inside broke as he watched the Angels fall, their wings burning off from the friction. The memories of living as a human were humiliating, but nothing could have prepared him for the disappointment and abandonment which flooded him when Dean kicked him out of the bunker.
Gabriel continued,
Gabriel shrugged again, “I’m not sure. Those two have no idea how much you did for them. Dean’s eating habits alone are deadly, and I don’t even want to know about sexually transmitted infections he has picked up.”
“Yes, once the feathers regrow; though he won’t be back to full power until he moults completely. The stronger the vessel, the easier it will be,” Gabriel explained.
“I don’t know, but you remind me of a faded Nephilim,” Gabriel decided, “I can see your Grace being affected too, Castiel. You might end up sharing the power of a Nephilim between the two of you.”
Chuck chanted the words Sam was quite familiar with. The Demon fled in a cloud of black smoke, leaving a man on his knees, babbling his gratitude.
Samandriel turned to Jane with wide eyes.
“All of us, not just Sam,” Gabriel corrected.
Chuck smiled, “Humans and their preoccupation with gender; that was an odd side-effect of evolution.”
“Would you be ‘over it’ if Dean threw you out of the house and your family spread rumours throughout the world that you were to blame for
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Kinky,” Dean mused.
Sam wondered if his conflicting feelings toward Lucifer would drive him batty just like the hallucination. The trauma of the Cage would always haunt him but knowing that Lucifer had been protecting his soul tainted his ability to simply hate him.
Castiel hoped he felt so miserable because he was hungover again. As his memories surfaced, he had to accept that alcohol could not be the culprit; his own stupidity was at fault.
“Cas, I trust you with my life,” Dean said sincerely, “I was a mess when I thought you were dead, and even worse when I left you in Purgatory.”
“So much suffering,” Faith whimpered.
The Grace slid out of the wound and settled into the small container the Archangel held. Castiel kept his eyes squeezed shut and his jaw clenched tightly against the pain.
“And Kevin is safe from Hell-spawn too?” Dean asked.
“You were bred to contain my power,” Lucifer said ominously, “You won’t explode.”
Sam and Dean were sitting on opposite ends of the three-seater couch. Faith was in the middle, and neither brother had been willing to move more than a few steps away from her.
“I like the Apostle,” Samandriel added thoughtfully, “Though the Prophets confused me.”
Gabriel grinned, “Nah, this way you’ll have to get naked at least once. I know Dean is already imagining what you’ll look like with boobs.”
“Why do I get the horny Angel?” Sam asked grumpily.
Lucifer was interested in the way Balthazar and Jane leaned in together intimately. There had been tension when the couple had first been introduced, until Gabriel reiterated that Jane was under his protection and her presence was Chuck-approved.
“Thank-you, brother,” Castiel said in a distorted version of Dean’s voice, “I am trying to avoid Dean’s memories, but they keep chasing me.”
“Emotional awareness and the beginning of direct telepathy,” Castiel recounted obediently.
“He put in a bathroom!” Dean cried, “We’re prisoners in here!”
“Just keep Dean and Sam safe,” Castiel implored sadly.
“Like he’s so happy now?” Dean demanded angrily, “I’ve never seen him so miserable.”
“Not at all; I like this version of you,” Gabriel replied lightly, “Particularly the part where you’re not trying to stab me.”
“If Disneyland was still running, I’d take you there,” Balthazar offered, “On the condition that you never again refer to me as ‘family’.”
“Perhaps, but it is the truth.”
Sam choked on air while Adam and Samandriel chuckled at the exchange.
Gabriel helped Castiel fall back to sleep and used his Grace to suppress the nightmares for at least a few hours.
“Thank-you,” Dean said simply.
On the evening of the third of March, Gabriel received terse instructions from Chuck.
“Meg!” Dean growled.
“No idea,” Sam snapped, “I didn’t read past the second point.”
“I could wipe your memory,” Gabriel offered, “But you’d have to learn to walk and talk again.”
“You’re here now,” Dean offered, “Coming back to change the timeline means more to Cas than he will ever admit.”
Dean gulped, knowing Castiel deserved the truth. His voice was low and strained when he replied, “I never thought about it before I went to Hell. Even though it was my soul and not my physical body, I still have nightmares of being helpless while they raped me.”
“Does Lucifer have a plan?” Samandriel asked, “He might be going back to wipe out humanity.”
“Freedom from the zoo you’re setting up, for one,” Dean grumbled.
The power needed to anchor Lucifer’s Grace to Sam’s soul reminded Chuck of the early years of the Universe, when he still held hope that Amara could be reasoned with.
Sam ripped the door open, fully expecting to be attacked by the full strength of the Archangel. Instead, a dark mass crouched in the far corner of the shared space.
Dean scoffed,
Gabriel folded his arms across his chest and dragged his gaze down to rest on the Hunter, “Jane threw me across the room and told me to ‘Never force memories on anyone’. It turns out, that was an order I can’t disobey.”
Dean eyed the two large fangs suspiciously. He put himself between his brother and the Dhampir purely out of instinct.
“Burning, stabbing and aching all at the same time,” Lucifer managed.
“In a way,” Adam admitted, “We’ve been together so long, I adapted to his presence.”
The surroundings blurred and Dean tensed with dread. If Cas died because he was too busy admiring dinosaurs to realize his best friend was dying, he would never forgive himself.
“Learning that some of my most trusted subordinates were ‘winged dicks’ is not my idea of fun,” Michael grumbled.
“That’s normal,” Chuck replied.
Dean hated that idea, and Gabriel knew it. The smirk the Archangel wore was infuriating to the elder Hunter. He also knew that reacting would only provoke Gabriel into being even more of an asshole.
Jane pulled Faith aside to explain that Balthazar was back because she had wished so fervently for her soulmate. While the Dhampir wondered aloud how an Angel could develop a British accent, Gabriel was trying to take credit for the creation of the porn industry.
“I already told you, the spell is in place. If she was dead, she would have decomposed,” Sam insisted.
“Could you have made a difference?” Dean asked rhetorically, “It seems like nothing could have stood against Michael and Raphael together.”
“Gabriel wouldn’t let anything happen to Sam,” Castiel said aloud.
“Within a week,” Gabriel continued.
“But it still hurts to be separated from the big doofus?” Gabriel guessed.
The bond between Dean and Castiel was complete, which pleased Chuck. He had a handful of Angels who were interested in volunteering to find a human mate if Castiel set a good example.
“If Angels choose that route, I will accommodate them. Most are far too terrified to have their Grace removed.”
“It’s not all bad,” Dean said with a mischievous smile.
After dinner Faith picked up the handcuffs and clipped one wrist in place before Dean noticed what she was doing. Sam looked smug, as though he had been proven correct about their captive.
Cas said something, which Dean didn’t hear properly. He moved further into the room, “What was that?”
The Archangel had disappeared after Jane threw him across the floor, and he had been intelligent enough not to reappear.
“Now Castiel understands the urge to bleach a brain.”
“I am really not surprised that Faith and I were manipulated into being here. From what I read about Angels, they are unscrupulous assholes, but they do need permission to occupy a vessel?”
“I don’t regret it,” Adam offered, “I know I’ll see my mother again eventually.”
Dean smirked, “That’s a conversation we are going to explore one day. I actually meant my time in Hell, not sexcapades.”
“Don’t make me put Angel warding sigils all over the bunker,” Dean threatened.
Lucifer nearly dropped the book he was holding when he turned around to find Sam standing far too close.
“Alone,” Sam clarified.
Something foreign and unexpected rippled through the link between Angel and vessel. Sam had despised the private channel Lucifer had to his emotions from the moment it had been established. As he allowed the connection to deepen, he froze in disbelief as a bolt of recognition speared through him.
Dean snorted, “Angels don’ take
“Where?” Dean demanded.
Dean was seriously concerned that the Angel would keel over into a dinosaur turd, “Go for it.”
“Not so dead. Would you mind if I made a move on her?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“What about Samandriel?” Faith asked Adam.
“What killed the mood?” Dean asked, “I was only gone for a minute, and I can’t smell any farts.”
Gabriel shook his head sadly, “We don’t.”
“And the rest?” Lucifer enquired.
“Thank-you, Gabriel,” Chuck offered the group a small wave before he disappeared.
Castiel explained how sharing a body with Dean had been different; keeping a wall up between their minds had been quite draining. As he and Faith did not have an existing bond, keeping the barrier strong required little effort.
“Another metaphor, little sis,” Gabriel laughed, “I think everyone deserved a night to relax and have a few drinks.”
“Can I speak to Michael? Please?”
“And Bobby?”
Instead, the presence of the male in his bed was distinctly comforting. He lowered his lips to the back of the neck of his sleeping companion, just below the hairline. His hand slid down the side which was covered by one of his own shirts and the bare hip under his palm reminded him that the sleeping Angel was only wearing the loaned shirt.
Dean buried his face into one palm while Meg grinned.
Lucifer rolled his eyes, “There’s a surprise.”
The sound of someone unlocking the door to her room sent her heart rate through the roof. She could sense that the dawn was still hours away.
“Castiel recommends you not do that,” Faith said dryly.
“So, we need to plan around this,” Gabriel decided cheerfully.
“No,” Castiel said flatly, “I was brought back from Purgatory to kill you. These prevent Heaven from contacting me.”
Dean shared an alarmed glance with his brother as Cas followed her brother to seek answers.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The pulse of shock which shuddered through Castiel prompted him to clutch at Dean’s arm with both hands. Dean pushed his body up to sit next to Cas.
“Filled with old guys who never laugh at my jokes,” Gabriel added.
Gabriel disappeared while Sam was spluttering a protest.
Sam emerged from the hallway with flushed cheeks and a slight smile.
Footsteps thudded toward the storeroom. Faith and Jane burst into the room.
Dean noted the silent communication between the Angel comfortable slumped against him and her trusted sibling. The dynamic between the two of them was as multi-layered as his relationship with Sam.
Gabriel laughed and Faith looked oddly guilty.
The sound of wings caught Dean’s attention immediately. He spun around to see an unfamiliar man watching him intently.
“Sam,” Castiel said aloud, “If hosting Lucifer becomes intolerable, expel him and I will be his vessel.”
“I don’t understand the point of this activity,” Michael declared.
“I could show you some moves, if you want?” Sam suggested, “Even if you don’t want to hunt with us, a bit of self-defence is always useful.”
“Cas, don’t get up yet; you’ll fall,” Dean moved around the bed, ready to catch the stubborn Angel if he tried to stand.
“Only a few thousand; most were not worth bringing back and some were really disturbing,” Jack said with a sigh, “Chuck tried so many times to make a Universe where everything was peaceful, and it always screwed up after the Archangels were created.”
“I thought having faith was an important part of the criteria to be worthy?”
The rigid posture relaxed, and Faith offered Sam a reassuring smile, “I’ll be fine; Castiel has learned the art of communication from you two,” she explained, “Trust me, they need my help.”
“Don’t do me any favours!” Lucifer hissed, “You’re a shitty parent who abandoned us all. I don’t want anything from you!”
Sam was careful not to consume too much alcohol; he was barely comfortable sharing headspace with Lucifer while sober.
Michael wondered.
“I suspect your memories would be more appealing to my unconscious mind.”
Castiel did not immediately understand what the Archangel meant, but an involuntary image from Dean clarified the innuendo.
“I haven’t fully claimed Sam as my mate,” Faith explained quietly.
Sam remained on his back, feeling no impulse to even sit up.
Faith shrugged, “I’d like to introduce myself before I get out my fangs tonight.”
“Father just announced that the purge of ‘tainted’ humans is to begin immediately,” Gabriel sighed, “Angels are being sent out to rid the world of ‘irredeemable deviants’.”
Chuck rolled his eyes, “More labels that humans gave themselves. I judge people by their actions and Empathy. Just because some groups are used to dominating others, does not mean they are somehow more important. Humans are all one species, so they are all subject to the same criteria.”
“And you talk too much,” Dean added.
Michael had never felt so helpless. He had finally started to reconnect with Lucifer, only to be trapped in his True Vessel.
Dean held up the handcuffs, “Your bracelets can go back on.”
“Stop!”
Sam shrugged, “Why not? We’re young and pretty up here, and have unlimited time. Have your tried moisturizer?”
“Gabriel?” Castiel asked worriedly.
Chuck laughed, “My consultants are rather unique; they’ve been protecting people from the supernatural all their lives. One was even an Atheist before one of my Angels pulled him out of Hell.”
Castiel tried to move away, only to flinch when the tips of his wings caught against the mattress. He had almost forgotten that they were corporeal.
“Here, boy!” Gabriel called.
“Angel warding,” Sam pointed out, “Be thankful Dean doesn’t put it up over most of the bunker.”
“Thank-you for saving me,” Sam said sincerely.
Sam enjoyed the frustration of the Archangel for a few long moments while Gabriel glared at him.
Dean watched Castiel intently, looking for any sign of pain. He was relieved to see the Angel lean into her siblings’ touch with a contented sigh.
Faith stared at the Archangel for a few seconds before laughter erupted from her throat. Multiple pairs of eyes were fixed on the Dhampir as she dissolved into uncontrollable giggles.
“The Romans were quite comfortable with nudity,” Castiel said apologetically, “Keeping track of all human taboos would be inefficient.”
Faith gripped his shoulders tightly and moved slowly so he had time to pull away. She was immensely relieved when he allowed her close enough to run the tip of her tongue over the skin she wanted to mark.
Cas smirked and Dean couldn’t name the mess of emotions writhing in his stomach.
Sam placed his body between his brother and the Archangel, “We can help Cas when we get back!” he insisted to Dean, “Right now, we need to see Kevin.”
“I doubt he will ever die of old age,” Michael predicted, “His soul and your Grace are merging too well.”
“Maybe later,” Dean replied with a smirk, “Sammy seems to like you. His taste in women has always been borderline insane.”
Michael gaped at the couple, “You let him
“I know; we would have recognised your signature. Who was it?”
“I can sense where it’s safe to bite, now that I have experience,” Faith said quietly, “But if I do kill him, you have my blessing to take me out.”
Gabriel shrugged, “I’ve been called worse. You two would be dead if it wasn’t for me. You should be thanking me.”
“You okay, Cas or Faith?” Dean asked with a lopsided grin.
“Mrs Tran is going to grab him by the ear and lecture him into submission,” Dean predicted.
Even as she was close enough for her breath to caress the skin of his neck, Dean would not touch the tempting female form.
Dean tried not to think about how hot Cas looked in his shirt, as she was already yawning.
Sam agreed with his brother; Castiel’s wings were beautiful. Even tucked tightly against his back, they were very impressive. Knowing he was an Angel didn’t prepare Sam for seeing huge, feathery wings sticking out of his back.
“He is temperamental at the best of times.”
Dean saw Gabriel reach toward Faith, which made Sam visibly tense and sent a spike of fear through him. Evidence of the connection between Sam and Faith only increased the distrust Dean was harbouring.
Castiel was in the drivers’ seat, though the car wasn’t moving. The black windows were distinctly odd; confirming that Dean was not experiencing reality.
The attempts to convince Castiel to forgive herself infuriated the Angel. She deserved punishment, not such dismissive condolences.
“Dean, you consider Castiel to be family. For me, it’s literal; of course, I helped my brother,” Gabriel resisted the urge to refer to Dean as a mud-monkey for thinking he wouldn’t help Castiel.
Dean remained in place while Sam scanned the wall for keys and found nothing.
Gabriel was smiling happily, “I did you a favour; unless you like genital warts?”
Chuck was tempted to comment on the situation, but he refrained.
“Dean, you don’t seem to realize I am not susceptible to the corruption of power,” Chuck said flatly, “The Angels will help me, any human who asks for protection will be offered a place in a protected compound, and those who wish to remain outside can do so. Humans have had the opportunity to manage the Earth, and they’ve done a poor job of it in the last century. I’ve had a good holiday, and now I’m back.”
Fury sparked in Gabriel’s eyes, “Castiel, if you kill yourself, I swear I will bring you back, pin your down and shove your Grace down your throat,” Gabriel growled.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Don’t leave me alone in here,” Lucifer ordered, an odd note of strain in his voice, “I’d rather be tortured.”
“What have you come up with?”
“Lucifer is ranting in Enochian,” Sam revealed with a small smirk, “I’m glad I’m not fluent.”
The dull ache of his wrists, the pulsing waves of agony in his wings and the throbbing headache merged until he was unaware of the movements around him.
“Which I also fucked up,” Lucifer huffed.
“Does it matter?” Dean countered, “If the Cage is opened, they will want revenge on Sam for locking them in there.”
Benny glanced around questioningly, “You hearing voices?”
“What did you find?” Dean asked, ignoring the banter.
“Because you can’t touch me without thinking you’re making a move on Sam’s girl,” Castiel continued.
“I think my soul was too quick,” Dean admitted, “Something is different. I can feel it.”
“No; he admitted to some torture, and talking my ear off,” Sam said seriously, “He had full access to my memories, which was not pleasant.”
