Sherlock's mouth is dry, his tongue a helpless coil of twisted muscle. He wanted to tell John that he did not blame him. That he was -wanted to be, truly wanted to be- happy for him. About Mary. That what he had said, that dreadful, nightmarish night, was to let John have his family. To not allow him to tear it apart because of him, just because Mary had shot him. Because Sherlock knew his place. And that is what best friends do. Isn't it? Best friends, or lonely loners, aimlessly in love. Pick and choose. He truly had wanted to keep Mary safe, to absolve her from blame. Perhaps it was the easy way out. For him, and her, too. Lots of things would have been different if that bullet had been but a millimeter's fragment truer to its aim. He tried to avoid John's eyes. He was being scolded, wasn't he.
Yes. I know. It was with me. But I thought we agreed that this façade of trusting her had fallen. Fallen hard. Never to come back. You had insisted. I had pushed you to trust her before. I trusted her before. I promised to never do it again. I thought you didn’t care. Why are you saying this? I purse my lips. Pulse elevated, soon my breathing will be erratic. I’ll be hyperventilating if you don’t explain this to me right now.
Sherlock nodded, a small whimper ringing in his throat. There was nothing but silence and the rhythmic marching of rain for some moments.
way; the way that meant it was so good if it didn’t hurt he would have thought it was a dream or hallucination and would attempt to slap himself awake.
‘No!’ I heard myself cry out in pain. You didn’t reply. The world stopped. All was black. Only a warmth remained… Your warmth…
Of course, when he had managed to come around, he had denied any shock to John. He had said he had been mildly surprised, and that his mind palace had done that thing again, where he
In a moment, a palm was at my bicep. I straightened up, not flinching, but visibly pulling back. My fingers fidgety pretended to press the suit-collar down straight. There was no denying it. I was nervous.
Well, if you want a goodbye, you have it all wrong. All I want is your happiness and if I convince myself that this way you are truly happy… then there’s nothing else to say. I will always feel like shit. I will sometimes look you in the eye without my walls up because you have destroyed them. I will look at you with despair like I did when I told you she was pregnant with your child, which now I know with a little bit of foresight. I won’t be able to help it. But I will stay away. Protecting you from as far as I can manage. The only bit of hope that will be kept in my heart would be the hope of avoiding humiliation. The hope that those fleeting moments I won’t be able to control, will pass by you like they mean nothing. Absolutely nothing. Don’t observe me, John. Not anymore. Take your eyes away from me forever.
thing. You deserve to hear it, John. You deserve to be with someone who can give it to you in its every facet” Sherlock brought his skinny knees to his chest, rested his chin atop them. He looked small like this, with the pout over his lips and his boyish curls. He bore that kind of innocence that was raw, and confused, and so different than the world they lived in; it stood out, pale and lost, a remnant of childhood dreams and endless summer afternoons.
‘You and the Woman. Do you go to a discreet Harvester sometimes, is there…?’ You’re ridiculous. My mind has woken up with you in front of me and I can’t close it again. I can’t take it back. For a moment there… ‘Nights of passion in High Wycombe?’
They sat for a moment, breathing and acclimating.  John could feel Sherlock’s heart beating against his back, and became aware that his slowed to match.  He felt heavier with each exhale and finally sighed in contentment.
He kneeled, exhausted and panting, in the middle of the floor.  Red scratches stood out like brands on his skin from where he’d dragged his nails across his torso.  He was drained.  He was exhilarated.
Sherlock started to speak but Lestrade waved him off, and then ran his hands through his silver hair, trying to find the right words.
John stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face, pale with pain and surprise, his mouth open and panting with the exertion of not crying out more.  His eyes were full of agony as he looked up.
Sherlock’s hospital room was surprisingly noisy for a quiet one.  The ding of the heart monitor, the hiss of the respirator, the hum of the IV pump.
John shook Molly’s hand and smiled.  “Mike tells me you’re an artist?  What kind of work do you do?”
John was stunned at his revelation.  He knew he was fond of Sherlock, that he loved Sherlock more than anyone else in his life, but did he really see Sherlock THAT WAY?
John was left with the same uneasy feeling that he had when listening to Sherlock and Mycroft deduce him- like they could read his mind.  He just nodded.
There was no doubt that anyone passing by would have known what was going on.  Sarah’s breath broke out of her with a short cry, and she bucked back onto John’s tongue as she came.  He continued working her clit until she begged him to stop, and he pulled his tongue back and began nuzzling her ass.  Her legs still shook, so he stood up, gathered her into his arms and tumbled them both back into the room and back onto the bed.
Mummy had gone all out for the concert.  The drive of Holmes Manor was strung with fairy lights, and dark-uniformed valets waited at the massive front doors to whisk away vehicles and stow bags for the guests who would be spending the night.  In the twilight it appeared as though thousands of fireflies magically made the autos and luggage disappear.
The rest of the morning passed uneventfully, John found his way to the dining room and indulged in a full and proper English breakfast, minus the mushrooms.  After living with Sherlock for as long as he had, there was just something about fungus that didn’t sit right.
“You’re bloody JOKING.  I refuse to believe that is Sherlock’s mum.  I can’t believe it.  I won’t believe it.  That… queen… gave birth to Sherlock Ruddy Holmes.”
He gripped John's cock a little tighter, and reached for the lube with his free hand.  He popped it open and spread some on his hand and John's shaft, smiling at the gasp John let out.
She ran her manicured nails up and down John’s thighs, just as he liked.  His cock bounced in anticipation, but she didn’t stroke it yet.  Instead, she cupped his balls gently, rolling them in her palm, feeling their heft, the hair there, how the skin moved at her touch.  In the bright light of reality, John did the same, imagining her elegant fingers instead of his own sturdy ones.
“John! Get up John! We’re going shopping!” Sherlock bound into John’s room and began rummaging through the wardrobe.
John was a little taken aback, but shook it off. Just one more oddity when associating with the Holmes brothers.
John dozed in yet another horrible chair, lulled by the sounds of the machines.  Greg and Mycroft found him there at dawn.
Sherlock’s dancing became more sensual, more acrobatic as he undulated and snapped his hips. He knelt and splashed water, a few drops even reaching the front row where his friends sat, agog.  As the music ended, he flipped and landed on his back, sopping wet, chest heaving.
The case of the dead bears is real:  http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/curious--unusual-deaths-834476
“Don’t be coy, Doctor.  I’m well aware that the military does not invalid anyone unless they’re seriously injured.  Don’t sell yourself short.  You’ve made a remarkable recovery.”
He used to feel safe onstage.  Singing, playing, seeing the crowd in front of him…  even if it was just bar gigs, it was a rush to see people smiling back at him, and once he had a song that people knew the words to, and would sing it back to him.  He felt golden, powerful, loved.
She went into the bathroom to change, while he stayed in the room.  He’d brought pajamas, but sincerely hoped they’d be just a temporary thing.
“You told me to.”  John smiled, knowing Sherlock had no recollection.  “I was just sitting by the side of the bed, and you told me to get in and sleep.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open.  “John?  OK?”  His brain was still too fuzzy, and he shook his head until it hurt.
“Naked.  Now.  Your bed.  Now.”  John abandoned his thoughts of teasing fully clothed.  He needed to feel Sherlock’s skin, all of it, and the sooner the better, and the faster they got to bed the better.
Greg and John crept down the stairwell, toward the basement.  At the bottom, all was dark, but for light under one door.  The rest of the team had gone up, spreading out through the sprawling complex.
His eyes shot open with the realization that it was Sherlock cuddled up to him, they were in his hospital bed and OH MY GOD.
The three men ran up the steps to 221B.  John paused momentarily before trying the knob, hoping that it would be unlocked.  Hoping that Sherlock would be inside.
“No you don’t.  He’s a big boy, and he’s got Scotland Yard AND big brother British Government looking for him.  What are you going to do that they can’t?”
His kiss was light on John’s lips.  Soft and dry, just a press of warmth without heat.  Both kept their eyes open- John’s wide with surprise, Sherlock’s soft, like his kiss.
So.  Not Greg.  Interesting.  He’d have to ponder that more later, when his brain functioned.  Right now he had to get up and try not to explode.
“No thank you, John” Rhys responded. “I don’t like to eat or drink while I’m practicing.  It slows me down.”
John fumed in the lift all the way up to Sherlock’s floor.  And GREG.  Greg must have been in on it.  What were those two doing collaborating?  How did they even KNOW each other?
By then, Sherlock couldn’t wait any longer.  He launched up the bed to cover John’s body with his own.  He angled his hips together with John’s so their cocks could touch.  “Oh Jesus, John.”  He pulled John’s hands out and away from his body, stretching them up so the two of them laid skin to skin from fingertips to toes.  They writhed against each other, no rhythm, no design, just feeling skin to skin, rubbing and feeling EVERYTHING.
He walked slowly over to John, his steps measured and pointed, in time with the music.  Instead of standing in front of him, he slipped behind John and grasped him across the chest, pinning his arms to his sides.
“Wot? You getting laid?  You and Sherlock finally…”  Greg couldn’t finish the thought, but merely waved his hand and waggled his eyebrows.
John used the zip ties to cuff the man to a supporting post in the center of the room.  As he did, the man spoke.
The curtains opened to a stylized street scene, with a painted backdrop of shops and a lamppost off to the side.  Sherlock, dressed in a plain black suit, white shirt, and black tie stood center stage, leaning casually on Mycroft’s umbrella.  Uncharacteristically, he had a fedora smashed low on his curls, and wore the shiny black boots that John had signed for.  Before John could puzzle any further, however, the music started, Gene Kelly’s voice came over the speaker system and Sherlock began to dance.
While she dozed, he washed his face and grinned at himself in the mirror.  Cocky, yes, but it ain’t boasting if you can back it up.  God he loved sex and pleasuring people.  Almost as much as he liked getting off himself.  He was fine with her sleeping.  For now.  Tomorrow morning though….  He grinned again, went back into the room and crawled into bed.
“TXT: Of course, I’ll be there Molly.  Even if your ridiculous use of text-speak turns my stomach. -SH”
Once her panties were down, he ran his tongue up and down the same path his fingers had just made.  Gently, barely touching her, but raising goosebumps and making her shiver nonetheless.
John and Greg nodded at each other, and Greg yelled “Police!  Stop what you’re doing and put your hands up!“  The men stopped, but turned quickly and charged.  While John grappled with the first one, Greg disarmed the second.  John’s slipped his grip and ran out the door.  Greg threw some zip ties toward John and ran after.
Lather.  Think of Margaret Thatcher.  Rinse.  Think of cricket.  Repeat.  Think of maths.  Anything to keep his mind off his wet, lanky flat mate under his hands.
“The case was a total bust.  We actually figured out most of it before Sherlock even arrived.”  Lestrade looked abashed.  “The corpses were BEARS.  Himalayan Blue bears to be exact, never seen in Britain before.  Turns out a collector with more money than conscience had them shipped here, beheaded and skinned them for their heads and pelts, and dumped the corpses in the river.  Some poor git saw them floating near Hackney and called us.  By the time I got there and saw what they were, it was too late to call off Sherlock.”  Greg ran his hands over his face.  “What a bloody scene that was.  He was furious, lit the whole team up like bonfire night, and spared no feelings.  He really is a right prat when you’re not around, John.  Anyway- right in the midst of his tirade he got this look, like someone poleaxed him.  He yelled “TAXIDERMY” and took off like a shot.  Grabbed the first cab and that’s the last I saw of him.  Must have been around 6pm Friday.”
This was different.  Usually he was just a cashier, nobody read his nametag, and nobody for sure ever called him by his full name.
John struggled upright, blinking and stretching. “What’s wrong with my brown suit? Even Mycroft said… Oh. I get it. Because you don’t like your brother, I have to buy a new suit. Well it’s not going to happen. I cannot afford, no- I WILL NOT waste the money.”
“You’re hardly the leg breaker type, Mycroft. What’s in this for you besides my abject and public humiliation?”
She reached for him, pulling off his tie and unbuttoning his shirt.  When it was open, she ran her hands over his chest and pulled at his nipples.  When she was sure she had his attention, she leaned in for a kiss, and John was lost.  He loved to kiss, and was told he was good at it, but he had nothing on Mummy.  She teased his lips open with her dainty tongue, and instead of diving in and jousting with his, she began to slowly kitten lick the inside of his lips, never stopping, never avoiding his tongue, but never engaging it either.  It was delirious.  He held her by her shoulders, afraid to do much else, while she drove him mad.  He felt her push gently on his chest, not separating the two of them, but guiding him back toward the bed.  He sat down on it with a whimper, having lost the connection.
“Dr. John Watson” it read, in smooth navy script on the thick cream paper. “The honour of your presence is requested. A debut recital featuring cellist Mr. A. Rhys Jones. Friday, 27 September 7:00 P.M. Holmes Manor, Sussex. Semi-Formal or Black Lounge. RSVP”
He put one hand on John’s right shoulder, the other hand grasped the back of John’s neck.  Pulling, pushing in tempo with the music, his eyes never leaving John’s face.
“Isn’t that enough?  Besides, I’m perfectly ready to inform all of London that you go back on your bets.”
John gasped and closed his eyes.  When he opened them, he caught his tongue between his lips and looked at Sherlock, who smiled with wonder.  “There it is.  Oh God John.  I want to see that look all the time.  Every day.  I want you to look at me and melt me, and then build me up again.”  He punctuated his words with his hips, getting rougher and more erratic with each syllable.
“Yeh, I decided to try my hand at promotin’.  The money’s better, I work twice as hard, but lift half as much as I did when I was luggin’ your lot around.  And I don’t have to stay up half the night waitin’ for a gig to finish.  I mostly do independent stuff, some small bands in small venues, some music videos, hell, I’ve even branched out- got a performance art gig for a ballet dancer last week.”
“Greg.  Thanks for coming, Mate.  I need to get to the clinic and have a talk with Sarah.  This week has been right bollocks all the way around with her.  God knows if I even still have a job, I‘m pretty sure I don‘t still have a girlfriend.  You’ll be ok staying with Sherlock for a while?”
Sherlock laughed.  “I wish I’d recorded it then.  Shall I re-enact it?  ‘Oh pointy bird, oh pointy, pointy…’  Come here, you sot.”
Again and again, Sherlock spun and leaped.  Somewhere along the way, he’d ripped a hole in his tights, and his slippers turned grey with the dust from the floor.  Sweat poured down the ripples of his back and whipped off his curls.
After a moment of stroking, he moved his hand down to John's balls and coated them with lube as well.  He wanted desperately to explore further back, to feel John from the inside as well as the outside, but he couldn't reach without disturbing the position, and he didn't want to break the spell.  There would be time, he hoped.  But for now...
John gave up trying to wrest more information out of Sherlock, the detective had dived dramatically into a sulk and refused to acknowledge the doctor’s questions.
Sherlock smiled and put down the water glass.  Very carefully, still mindful of his ribs and his other injuries, he knelt up on the sofa, then stretched out, front to front, on John.  He nuzzled his face into John’s jumper and spoke.  “Idiot.  You keep on doing what you’ve always done.  Take care of me.  But now I believe there will be additional duties.”
“You’ll what?” John growled, as he thrust his hips harder.  “You have no idea what I can do with my clothes still on.”  John was definitely feeling better, and was practically giddy at the thought of driving Sherlock to distraction.  “I can make you feel so good, I want to make you feel good.”
John furrowed his brow, the realization dawned.  “You’d better be careful… you’ll open your incision again.  As much as I relish the thought of additional duties, I don’t think you mean more stitching up just yet.”
The ferry and train that took such a short time on the journey from London felt glacial as John made his way back to the city.  He tried to figure out what had happened.  Greg had given him some information, but he’d have to get the whole picture when he got to the Yard.
Sherlock was bored with it all.  Bored with the same old steps, bored with the same old music.  “Oh please come do Swan Lake!” as if he hadn’t done Swan Lake a hundred times.  Christmas?  Must be Nutcracker time.  Someone is mounting a new production of Romeo and Juliet?  How could it be any different from any of the thousands of other Romeo and Juliets ever danced? Do they live??
“And that’s it really.  The song is about my sister, and how she was treated, and how even with all that shite she had to go through, I’m still a little envious.  She found someone worth fighting everything for, someone that brought passion to her life.  She and Clara, they’re still together, even though Harry’s such a hot mess.  They both work so hard to make their relationship work, like they’d die without it.”
“I know he’s a right arse.  But he knows what he’s talkin’ about.  If you want your show to be good, you’d best listen to him.”
“Neither was that ballet dancer.  He’s somethin’ else alright.  Was a big shot at the National, up and quit in a snit.  Now owns a tattoo parlour, spends his days gettin’ inked, smokin’, and pissin’ off everyone around him.  Now, I’m no expert, but from what I’ve seen him do, he’s pretty good.  S’killin him to not be onstage anymore.”
“Fine.  Sofa it is then.”  John wrangled his gangly patient onto the sofa, and helped him remove his coat.  The original Belstaff had been ruined, but another had appeared in the hospital room.  Mycroft.
Before the thug could react, John flipped his pistol around, gripped it by the barrel and backhanded him across the face, then leaned in close and grabbed the man’s shirtfront.
He held out a hand, and John took it, but not before grabbing the water and the meds.  He wasn’t going to let Sherlock weasel out of taking them.
John pulled out his mobile and looked.  He hadn’t received a single text from Sherlock since Saturday morning.  No “We have a case” no “I need patches” no “It was the third sister, not the next door neighbor.”  It was disconcerting.  And to be honest, a little depressing…
Then there was Misha.  Baryshnikov was Sherlock’s first crush.   When he’d found a copy of “White Nights” in a store’s VCR bargain bin, he’d bought it and watched it so many times the tape finally snapped.  It was the first movie he bought when he got a DVD player.  He practiced ballet and told himself that someday, he’d meet Baryshnikov and they would be glorious together.  When they did meet, it was good, a mutual admiration, but Misha had retired by then, so dancing together was limited to a few steps and some hearty pats on the back.  It was… it was fine.
Sherlock raised his head and licked John’s lips.  John thought of his Mummy fantasy briefly, and wondered if he was prescient.  Sherlock was licking him exactly the way he’d imagined Mummy would, exactly the way John needed.  Then the thought faded away and John fell into the kiss.
After his shower, John gathered the photos to take to show Lestrade.  He wanted proof that he looked good in a suit, and to show him Mummy.
And then there was the hurt of being left out of a case, the praise for Rhys, the complete shut out.
John pushed backwards, and pulled down his jeans, taking his pants down as well.  He grabbed the thin material of Sherlock’s tights and pulled.
When their breath stilled, John reached for his tshirt and cleaned them off somewhat.  He laid back and Sherlock snuggled up against him, their arms wrapped around each other.
John was suddenly shy.  He didn’t want to share his thoughts just yet, but he knew he had to, just to get some feedback.
“Wait.  You’re asking me to choose between you and my best friend, who’s gone missing? Sarah!  You know… you should know, that I will always go when he needs me.”
“John is physically fine, as I said.  But Sherlock.  He left his romantic mini-break with Dr. Sawyer early, and nearly beat a man to death to find you.  He came close to blows with the medics who were trying to deny him access to your ambulance.  He refused to leave your side all last night, and I had to have him drugged to keep him from returning here before he rested.  Do you understand what I’m saying?”
The fourth photo though, was during the recital itself.  Taken from the side, it showed Sherlock’s profile in the fore, open-mouthed, eyes heavy lidded, he was somewhat out of focus.  John was next to him, but instead of looking forward, he had been caught looking at Sherlock with wonder, his own eyes wide, his tongue tip showing between his lips.
Mummy laughed her throaty laugh, and kissed John delicately on the cheek, whispering “Children.  Always underfoot when they shouldn’t be.”  She turned to Mycroft and said “I’m just retiring now, dear.  Dr. Watson was kind enough to escort me home.”  She gave Mycroft a brief hug and went into her room.
The kitchen suddenly seemed too bright, to harsh, all sharp edges and tile.  John was desperate to move somewhere softer, darker, but didn’t want to break the spell he and Sherlock were weaving.
When the clock struck, a set of tall doors off the side of the ballroom opened, and Jensen entered the room, coughing politely.  “If you would all please follow me…”  John swigged the last of his champagne and joined the dozens of others slowly making their way into the conservatory.  Still not seeing Sherlock, he wondered again why he bothered to show up.
Bright morning sunlight streamed through the curtains much too early for John.  It was Saturday, he was off from the clinic, he was in a luxurious bed (he had to get better sheets at home, that much was certain) and he did not want to wake up.  He rolled over on his stomach and was immediately aware of the fact that part of him most definitely did want to be up.
He moved his eyeball gently, and saw a glass of water and some paracetamol on the bedside table.  He should really thank Greg for that.  He sat up very carefully, and reached for the glass.  It was cold.  The water in the glass was nearly ice cold.
“No.  It isn’t the building.  I mean, it isn’t the BUILDING.  It’s what it feels like.  Safe.  A place to go for, I don’t know, succor?  That’s an old-fashioned word, but yeah.  It’s a place I can pretend that someone gives a shit about me.”
John put the third mug away, and when the tea was ready, he placed Sherlock’s mug on the coffee table, where he’d be sure to ignore it.
He moved down her stomach now, his tongue running in long lines back and forth.  She kept her hands in his hair, just touching softly.  He was enjoying the feel of her skin and her body, relishing taking his time and appreciating the fact that she was letting him do so.  But each pass of his tongue drew closer and closer to the waistband of her panties.  It was time to see what delights they were concealing.
“And Mycroft.  Don’t forget Mycroft.  Sodding Mycroft Sodding I Run The British Empire And Look In Your Sock Drawer Holmes.”
“Alright.  You’ve opened up your incision.  I’ll see if I can patch it up, if not, we’re back to the hospital.  Stay here and be quiet.”  He went into the bathroom, washed his hands, and brought out his med kit.  On his return to the sitting room, he knelt by the sofa.  “I’m going to have to take your shirt off, can you sit up a bit?”
Once fully exposed to each other, he pushed Sherlock toward the wall of the church. The pair drew close again, but this time Sherlock wrapped one long leg around John’s waist.
Mycroft sighed dramatically.  “Yes.  You solved the case, Sherlock.  DI Lestrade and his team caught the murderers, a drug ring and a shady taxidermist.  Happy? “  He looked at his watch.  “I have to go.  John should be waking about now, and will be here within the hour.  Think about what I said, Sherlock.  You’re going to have to use more than your brain.  Use your heart.”
The violin stopped, and a movement in the parlor caught John’s eye before he could open his letter.  Sherlock stepped up behind Rhys as he sat in a chair, and hooked his chin over the cellist’s shoulder.  He pointed out something on the sheet music with his bow, and both men laughed.  Rhys brought his hand up around the side of Sherlock’s head and patted him there, briefly.  Then Sherlock stepped back and both began to play again.
John took Sherlock’s hand and they walked into the bathroom.  Sherlock turned on the taps and started a bath, added bubbles.
He made his way upstairs and opened the sitting room door onto a familiar scene. The Holmes brothers locked in a silent argument.  He turned toward the kitchen and set down the bags.
Lestrade thought for a moment.  “Were these the bodies we brought in on Tuesday?  They were found dumped near Regent’s Park.  Didn’t seem to be much beyond a couple of OD’s.”
Sherlock spoke.  “John, I am, to borrow a phrase, pants at this sort of thing.  I had proto-relationships in the past, not even really worthy of being called relationships, and they all ended quickly.  I hate to say it, but it took my brother’s meddling to make me understand what I have here, with you.  It’s all the things my past… encounters were missing.  Caring, comfort, friendship, acceptance.  I don’t know if I can change how I am to make it easier, but I’m willing to try.”
Sherlock caught the hint and closed his eyes, the urge overtaking him as well.  He hollowed his cheeks and let John thrust upwards into his mouth, creating suction where before there had just been warmth.
Rhys stood, confused and ruffled, and uncharacteristically adorable.  “Sherlock, are you ok?  What’s going on?”  He tried to grasp Sherlock’s arm, but the detective twisted away.
John left his therapist’s office in a foul mood.  Why did she ask such stupid questions?  And why did he come up with such stupid answers?  Succor.  Who even talks like that?  But deep down he knew why he said what he did.  He did feel safe in a church, like someone cared.
After a few minutes her legs began to shake.  He pulled his mouth away and said very quietly “Would you forget the balcony, end up pressed against the cool railing as I fucked you with my mouth and fingers?  Would you come for me there?  Or would you want more?  Maybe I could stand up and fuck your ass.  What do you want?”
Sherlock put his head back down on John’s stomach.  “I think you’re going to have to close out Operation Bad Cop” he murmured.
John knew that first night, when Sherlock’s hand shook as he held the cabbie’s pill to the light.  He couldn’t see the detective’s face, but he imagined it countless times since.  Pupils wide, lips parted, tongue just tipping his teeth.  John imagined that’s what Sherlock would look like on the edge of lust, and wondered if he’d ever shown that look to another person.
“John… angry?”  Why couldn’t he form the words?  What had happened to him?  He shook his head again.  “I’m hurt?”
“I’m not even a cop.” He hissed.  “I’m a doctor, and when I have a bad day, people die.  You just better hope that Sherlock Holmes is not that person today, or you’ll be following him.  I guarantee.  Now- where is he?”
There was one place left.  John sighed and handed Sherlock the flannel.  “I’ll hold you under your arms, you get… yourself.”
Molly and John stood in stunned silence outside.  They’d seen Sherlock dancing as they pulled up, and rather than interrupt him, they watched.
John clenched his jaw, looked at the ceiling, and swallowed.  For a moment, Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d respond, but then he let out a great sigh and sat down at the table.
As the last note of the short piece rang out, John was broken from his reverie by a noise from Sherlock.  Something between a gasp and a moan, it was shocking.  Sherlock was open-mouthed, eyes flashing.  If John didn’t know better, he’d have said he was aroused.
He began to move his hand slowly up and down John's hard shaft.  John gasped and let his knees fall wider.  "Ohhh Sherlock.  That's good."  He rolled his hips in response.
Seconds before he expected to be tossed out on his ear, a throaty laugh floated across the foyer, followed by a cultured admonition.  “Jensen, I appreciate your attention to protocol, but this is Doctor John Watson.”  John’s name was enunciated clearly, a full stop between each word.  The butler (Jensen, John assumed) paled slightly and bowed his head.  “Of course, mum, I don’t know what I was thinking.  Please, Dr. Watson, accept my apologies, and enjoy your evening.”
“You.  You wrote this.  You had some personal…” He waved his hand weakly “…thing happen, and your therapist couldn’t get you to discuss it, but you could write about it in a song.  Interesting.”
“He pointed things out that OTHER people would have missed.  Tall pointy bastard.  And he drooled on the sofa.  Didn’t want any tea.”  John slumped a little, grumbling.
The third was immediately after that, when he’d turned to face Sherlock.  Damn.  They looked good.  Their suits complimented each other, their coloring their height difference- everything opposite but matched.  John was smiling, Sherlock wasn’t, but neither was he frowning, so John took it as a win.
The next day Sherlock received a text.  “£22,750. You may keep the umbrella.”  He laughed and showed John.
Once the heat started, he began to let his mind wander.  Mummy in her stripper heels, Mummy in her bare feet…  what would have happened if Mycroft hadn’t shown up?  Would John have taken her up on her unspoken offer?  They would have gone into her room, where she would have turned away so he could slowly unzip that green gown.  Inch by inch, he would have exposed her skin, and inch by inch, he would have put his lips on her.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed the towel.  He got onto the bed, still in his pants, and sat against the headboard, his legs spread wide.
He put his mug down and opened the envelope.  Inside were photographs, professionally taken during Rhys’ recital.  John vaguely remembered the photographer lurking about.
“I don’t know what I can add.  But I have to go.  I can’t stay, Sarah.  Please understand.”  John turned and started packing.
John stood and grabbed his bath accoutrements, and when he turned, his eyes fell once again to the envelope.  In addition to the photos, there was a note:  “I had no idea.  I’m sorry.  –Vienne Holmes”
Her hand was slowly moving, stroking him, pausing every now and then to feel and play a little.  He responded in kind, cupping her pussy, then slowly sliding a finger inside.  She gave a bit of a start, and he could feel her tongue jolt against his.  She was hot and wet and his finger moved easily.  He slipped another in, to increase her pleasure.  Their kisses grew more intense, and her grip on his cock grew firmer.
Sherlock arrived at the church, and jumped out of his car before the dust had even settled.  He was surprised to find the place empty, but it was obvious that Molly was around, her equipment was all there, all turned on, just waiting.
“It’s ok John.  Mike told me about why you don’t play with The Doctors anymore.  That was a right brave thing you did, and having a therapist to help you through recovery isn’t anything to be embarrassed about.  You sound a lot like Sherlock, you know?  Always searching for passion.  Don’t let him put you off tonight, by the way.  He’s a handful, but deep down he’s a good person, and he wants this to work just as much as any of us.”
performed by salesclerks, while Octopus Energy donated £7,000 for its technicians dancing and lip synching to
Mycroft opened a compartment in the car and pulled out some cash.  He handed it to John with a sniff.  “I don’t suppose you will be able to supply a receipt?”
Something prickled at the back of his mind.  Something about his chair.  Something about reading in his chair.  He didn’t think too hard, he didn’t want to injure any more brain cells.
John emerged from the bathroom in a swirl of steam.  Pink and still damp, wet hair spiking.  He was wearing only a towel around his waist and a grin.
With a glance at the cellist drooling on the furniture, and a glance in his teacup, John shook his head and shuffled back to the bathroom to get ready for work.  Seems he wasn’t the only one Sherlock talked to in absentia.  He didn’t know if that was funny or not.
John gulped and wondered which way was east.  Before Mycroft turned the corner he stopped and pointed.  “East is that way.”
“I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to know.  Sort of.  No- don’t talk.”  He cut Sherlock off.  “I’m always tagging along, always two steps behind and to the side.  You’re so brilliant and so fast, I can barely keep up.  This sort of thing?  Planning an incursion, using brawn instead of brain?  That’s what I can do.  So I did it, and I was kind of… I don‘t know.  Proud.  I planned it, I did it, I got you out.”
Sherlock looked down, and carefully touched the bruises, as if he couldn’t quite decide if they were real.  “I don’t remember.  I don’t know how this happened.”  His eyes met John’s in the mirror.  “John.  I DON’T REMEMBER.”  There was panic in his voice and lightning in his eyes.  He began to tremble.
Sherlock was perched in his armchair, wrapped in a sheet, reading sheet music and plucking at his violin’s strings.
Bloody great idiot.  Now look what you’ve done.  You’ve gone and had a snit and injured yourself more.  God the pain.  Why does this HURT so much more than it has in the past?  Why does everything hurt.
The DI shook his head.  “The closest we come is teddy bears used for drug smuggling, but that case is years old.  Solved, but the perpetrator was never caught, which is why I gave it to Sherlock.”
“I’m going to touch your cock, I want to feel you in my hands, I want to stroke you while you’re in my arms, is that ok?”  Sherlock’s already deep voice was barely more than a vibration against John’s back at that point.  John nodded again, breathing heavily.
“I’m not going to even attempt to keep you out, but you go in with permission under ONE condition- you stay with me, preferably behind me, at ALL times.”
“We share the flat, I do the dishes, he catches criminals, I blog about it.  We’re friends.”  John’s brain raced, trying to figure out where this was going.
John gasped and moved his hips, his cock now almost fully hard.  Sherlock leaned into his neck and tasted… tasted the skin behind John’s ear, down his neck, across his shoulder.  Just tasting.  John writhed some more and Sherlock breathed into his ear again.  “Mmmm… you.  You taste good.  Like tea and gunpowder and salt.  I want to taste you everywhere.”
He’d discarded his t-shirt the second time he played the song.  Sweat rolled down his pale skin, making the black tattoos glisten.  His dark curls clung damply to his forehead, framing his icy eyes.  His chest heaved.
By 8:00, John was wondering if the concert was going to happen at all, and he was getting bored.  He’d tried everything on the buffet at least once, (Sherlock was right- he did like the caviar), he’d had a couple more flutes of champagne, and he’d chatted with half a dozen beautiful women.  Sadly, the only one who looked like a sure thing was Mummy, and he didn’t dare go near her alone again.  He didn’t trust himself, nor did he really trust her.  He hadn’t seen Sherlock in ages, and the only other people he knew here were Mycroft and Anthea.  The former was surrounded by young government types, the latter had erected her virtual walls and was seated on a divan near the front door.  John had no plans on interacting with either of them if he could avoid it.
John walked out of the clinic, shaking his head, trying to digest the conversation he’d just had.  He still had a job, thankfully, and still had a girlfriend, sort of.  He thought.  He wasn’t quite sure what Sarah was getting at, but she’d agreed to see him again, after Sherlock had healed.  There was a gleam in her eye as she smiled at him and shooed him out the door.
“I will see you there.  I have a few last-minute details to arrange and you are thinking too much now GO.”
“Please feel free to wear your brown suit, John. Don’t put yourself out getting something new. Afternoon, Sherlock. Thank you for the tea, Doctor.”
“The John Watson who played with The Doctors?  Blimey.  I haven’t seen you in ages.  Mike Stamford, used to lug around your kit when you were just startin’ out.  You guys were IT, man!  Cuttin’ edge stuff.  Razor’s edge.  KNIFE edge.  What happened?”
They sat in silence again, until they’d finished their beers.  Then Sherlock got two more and John began to talk.  All about Harry, all about churches, all about his anger, his feeling of betrayal.
“I thought you might be able to give it to Sherlock Holmes.  Heard he was looking for some taxidermy.”  John hoped frantically that he was saying the right things.
As Sherlock bit his lip, John’s orgasm overtook him.  He moaned and froze, unable to do anything but stand as the stars exploded behind his eyelids.
“What am I going to do, Sherlock?  I’m a mess.  I thought I knew.  I thought I could be happy with Sarah and with the way things were between you and me.  And then you disappeared.  I’m still so tired.  Bloody Mycroft drugging me.  I’m so confused and so tired.  What am I going to do?”
John was stunned.  Sherlock’s neck was stretched impossibly long, and the water slicked his hair back.  His mouth dropped open and his eyes closed.  Is this what he looked like during… well… DURING?
He executed a swift turn and walked out, ready to face his destiny.  He just never figured his destiny would be in the form of a tall, mad, detective.
He rolled over on his back, and propped himself up with a few of the seemingly dozens of pillows on the bed.  He kicked off his pajama bottoms and his pants, and then pulled his tshirt off as well.  Naked on the silky sheets (what WAS the thread count on these anyway?) he began to run his fingers lightly over his torso.
Her hands dropped down John’s neck to his back.  She ran them up and down, and he could feel her pulling at the fabric of his shirt.  No matter what Sherlock said, he WAS a bright man, and could take a hint.  He raised a little, and allowed her to pull his shirt up as far as she could, then sat to remove it completely.  If she was going to start removing clothing though, so was he.  He pulled on her nightgown, and she immediately arched her back to allow him to pull it off.
Sherlock spun and threw himself on the floor, clawing his way across like his life depended on it.  He rolled to his back and arched, then pushed himself up again.
Holmes Manor was sprawling, with seemingly endless staircases and hallways.  John’s usual sense of direction and place was already diminished from champagne and brandy, but Mummy’s perfume and her touch on his arm intoxicated him completely.  He was lost on several levels within minutes of leaving the library.
.  John, not really a fan of musical theatre, was nevertheless impressed with the dancing and costuming, and applauded enthusiastically.  Parts of the audience hooted and stood, driving LAMDA’s donation up to £13,400.  When the noise died down, the emcee informed the crowd that one of LAMDA’s illustrious alumni was not only donating the entire amount the team raised but was also making a matching donation to the school. “Not a
Sherlock looked at John’s face, so full of agony, caught between tears and pleasure.  “Because you’re an idiot.  We’re both idiots, but at least we’re idiots together now.” and he ground slowly against John’s cock.
The flat was dark, John supposed Sherlock was in his room, but didn’t bother to check.  He was tired, and hungry and tired.  He grabbed a fork from the kitchen (never could work chopsticks) and went to his room without bothering to turn on any lights.
John nodded.  He knew that he’d just been gifted something very precious.  Even though they’d just met, he knew that Sherlock had never said anything like that to anyone else before.
While John relaxed, Sherlock went into the bedroom to prepare.  He turned off the overhead light and turned on the bedside lamp.  He turned down the bedding and fluffed up the pillows.  He tucked a bottle of lube within arm's reach.  Perhaps some music?  He dug around in the sitting room until he found John’s iPod and set it to play something quiet, instrumental.
“You’ve contracted someone to write a song?  In the millions of songs ever written, you couldn’t find one to say what it should say?  Now we’re going to have to wait even longer.  My muscles are going to atrophy.”
“But most of all, I need YOU.  I need you to ground me and to buoy me.  I know you’re not technically gay, I know you want women.  But I think, I hope, that there’s a little part of you that wants ME, and if there is, I’d be very happy.”
The storm outside intensified, and John and Sarah rolled right along with it.  He moved his hands from her back upward, to grip around the back of her shoulders and to give himself more leverage to push against her.  He barely pulled out, but dragged himself back and forth across her, the base of his cock rubbing her clit with every movement.  She began to buck her hips up at him, and he began to pump in earnest.
“Good afternoon, John. Sherlock.” Mycroft Holmes waited at the threshold for someone to invite him in. “Ah,” thought John, “a social visit.” If it had been business, Mycroft would have abandoned all niceties and made himself quite comfortable in Sherlock’s armchair without wasting a moment.
John sat that night, and thought.  What would make him feel that way?  What made him feel the strongest emotions?  Harry, of course.  She was so happy, then so scared, and now so lost.  His heart broke for his sister, and how she was treated.
John fumed in the cab all the way from Baker Street to the hospital.  How could he have let himself get drugged like that?  Bloody MYCROFT.  Oh he’d bloody Mycroft alright.  BLOODY HIS NOSE.
He smiled to himself as he realized what he’d just thought.  “Mummy’s perfume…”  He didn’t even know her name.  He supposed it didn’t matter in the long run.
“Good.  Because if you don’t get your clothes off right now so I can feel your skin against mine I will… I will”  Sherlock’s voice faltered, because John was licking at his neck.
He poured John into bed and went back to the parlor.  “Keep an eye on him if you remember.  He’s going to feel this tomorrow.”
He moaned and rocked his hips slightly, enjoying the pressure on his rapidly stiffening cock.  Some days, if he awoke in this condition, he could doze off again with no problem.  Today was not one of those days, and he was actually ok with that.  He suspected he’d had torrid dreams about Mummy, even the thought of her this morning was enough to provoke another thrust into the mattress.
Surprisingly, John managed a week of full shifts at the clinic in a row, no cases on, London’s criminal underworld seemingly on holiday.  Even so, Sherlock spent much of his time out of the flat, John assumed he was rehearsing.
She pulled off his jacket and shirt, and undid his belt and trousers.  He was stunned at the sudden heat in her eyes, and was broken from his reverie by her sharp request “Up!”  He lifted his hips, toed off his shoes and socks, and just like that, he was naked.
In the “excitement” of the prior evening, John’s photos were left in the cab.  Greg brought them back on his way to the Yard….
Sherlock took John’s mug and put it on the table, then leaned in and kissed John gently on the lips.
The post had arrived at Baker Street, and John flipped through it as he walked up the stairs.  (bills, bills, advert, Dear Occupant, ah- actual mail, addressed to “Dr. Watson”)  He could hear Sherlock’s violin upstairs.
As they approached the ballroom, John managed to plant his feet and pull them to a stop.  “Sherlock!  What is going on with you?  It was harmless.  Certainly- your mother is a stunning woman, but I would never…”
Agreement.  Touching.  Sherlock gave a light squeeze, and moved his hands back down to John’s inner thighs, nails lightly scratching the delicate skin.
John physically felt much, much better.  His head still pounded, but he wasn’t as queasy.  Now though, it was his heart that hurt.  He’d have to leave 221B.  Oh Sherlock might say it was ok for him to stay, but if Rhys was going to be there, John couldn’t bear it.  So he’d leave.  Maybe he could stay with Greg for a while, until he found his own place.  He could be out today, if he had to be.  He choked back a small sob.  What had he done?  What did he say last night?  He remembered Greg helping him up the stairs, he remembered yelling.  Who was he yelling at?  What did he say?
With those lyrics Sherlock perched on the edge of the stage directly in front of John, writhing and mouthing the words while looking directly into John’s wide eyes.  A quick wink and he strode backstage, dragging the umbrella behind him and swinging his hips.
Ohhhh.  Drugs.  Someone’s given him drugs.  Didn’t they know?  They must have known.  Lovely people.  They knew just what he craved and gave it to him.  Was it Christmas?  His birthday?  It must be.  It must have been John.  John knows.  John knows without asking and they never talk about it.  Lovely John.  John knows.
He’d studied ballet his whole life.  From the first time he saw Rudolph Nureyev dance he was hooked.  Even on his parents’ tiny, grainy, black and white TV he could see the power in the leaps, the passion flashing in the Russian’s eyes.  During Sherlock’s first visit to Paris as a professional dancer, he laid two dozen white roses on Nureyev’s grave and wept.
Sherlock was scheduled to be the final act, sponsored by “Meridian Imports.”  When John had asked what company that was, Sherlock had merely glared at him and put a finger aside his nose.  Ah.  MI6 then.  Good to know.
Molly stood, dumfounded.  Had Sherlock actually complimented her work?  And the way he spoke- she had never heard anyone talk about anything like that before.  He was fiery, he was enthralling.  She couldn’t wait to see him dance.
“Shhh… you’re alright now.  You’re here, and you’re healing up.  Let me help you.”  John ran his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders gently.  “Don’t worry.  We’ll get you cleaned up, then into bed and we can talk about this later.  One thing at a time.  Concentrate on what we’re doing now.”  His hands brushed down Sherlock’s arms and he stepped closer into Sherlock’s back, his lips close to Sherlock’s neck.  His dressing gown brushed up against the curve of Sherlock’s arse and John leaned in, his eyes closed.  “Shhh… relax…mmm.”  Everything was quiet and comfortable.  The rhythm of Sherlock’s breathing had stilled and he lolled his head back, resting it on the top of John’s.
By lunchtime, not only were they starving, but the weather had cleared.  John acknowledged that they couldn’t REALLY spend the ENTIRE time in bed, and they went out to explore the island.  Lunch at a pub, then playing along the shoreline.  Sarah found some shells and John watched the boats.
“You’re right, and you’re wrong.  Rhys was something  new and exciting, and it was exhilarating to play duets with him.  Yes, I touched him, yes I allowed him to touch me.  The music was our conduit.  But I did not sleep with him.  I wanted none of that.  Unfortunately, I found out this morning that he did, so I’m hoping that sending him away now was the kind thing to do.  It’s what you would have done, isn’t it?”
“Oh, I think this one is right up your alley.  Remember that performance art ballet gig I told you about?  They’re lookin’ for a song that, get this, lets everythin’ out, empties you, so that whatever is waitin’ to come in, can.  You’ve been through some right shite, I figure you’ve got some stuff that needs emptyin’.  What do you say?”
John nodded and crawled to sit in between Sherlock’s legs.  He was painfully aware of his nudity compared to Sherlock and he swallowed again.
John sighed, partly relieved that the stroppy part of Sherlock was feeling fine, but mostly saddened that he had been so abused.  He was also relieved to know that Sherlock obviously didn’t remember John’s… indiscretion from last night.  Only Mycroft and the staff did, and John could handle that.
“If you are set on using this song, I am afraid you will have to find another dancer.  I cannot in good conscience dance to something in which I no longer believe.”
“Sherlock? The post is here.” (Bills, bills, advert, I may have won a cruise, Mr. Dean Smith? Who’s that? Oh- actual mail. One for me and one for Sherlock. Hmmm… nice envelopes. Hand calligraphy, wax seal. Very posh. Must be invitations.)
Once Sherlock was fully ensconced in his bed, stuffed with more soup and painkillers, John felt he could breathe again.  He felt as though he’d dodged a bullet in the shower, he was able to get himself under control before Sherlock SAW.  He shook his head.  WHAT THE HELL.
John sighed and looked out the window.  “Alright.  Change in plans.  Take me back to Baker Street.  Sherlock didn’t go to the Yard, so there’s no sense in me going there.  Whatever he was working on was at home, so I’ll start with that.  Greg- he’d had some cold cases.  Any of them involve taxidermy?”
John tried to look stern, but failed miserably. He began to giggle, and Sherlock grinned. “Now get dressed and let’s go put a dent in the British Treasury.”
“You don’t touch me.  I mean, you touch me, but you don’t… we haven’t…  I want…”  Sherlock broke off, frustrated by his stammering, hoping that John understood anyway.  They hadn’t done anything sexually intimate since that memorable blowjob on the couch.
Mummy watched John’s eyes widen, and smiled.  “Yes.  Now you see.  Sherlock had a difficult adolescence.  So eager to be loved, so ready to BE with someone.  I’m afraid he was often too eager and was terribly hurt and disappointed in the process.  It’s never easy, young love, and made even more difficult by being young ‘forbidden’ love.”  The phrase dripped off her tongue like poison.  “As if any love should be forbidden.”  She shook her head.  “But that’s an entirely different discussion, isn’t it?  One perhaps best left for Sherlock and Rhys.”
Sherlock rolled John onto his back and began touching him.  First fingers up and down John’s legs, gently feeling the muscles, the skin, the hair.  But it wasn’t enough.  He leaned down and began licking.  He started with John’s ankles, exploring the thin skin there, feeling the sharp bones, feeling the Achilles tendon flex.  Up to his calves, biting the strong muscle there gently, tasting, licking…  the backs of John’s knees tasted of sweat, and Sherlock feasted until John begged him to stop.  The insides of John’s thighs showed pale scratches, and Sherlock nipped them gently.  At that, John nearly rocketed off the bed.  “Ohhhh God, Sherlock.  Do that again.  Use your nails.”
“John’s at home.  He’s fine.  Asleep.  I had Anthea… assist in that matter.  I needed to talk to you before he did. “  He sat on the uncomfortable chair.  “I know you’re still recovering, but I need you to think about two things.  First- what were you doing at that taxidermy shop alone?”  His tone was sharp, and Sherlock closed his eyes to escape. “Second…” Mycroft’s tone softened.  “You need to think about John. “
Mummy has a protégé, a dashing, talented, posh young cellist. She holds a salon concert for him, which Sherlock and John attend.
Once the shirt was history, John pulled the dressing back from the surgical incision.  It looked like a stitch had popped, fortunately nothing serious.  He washed the area, and pulled out his stitch kit.  “This is going to hurt a bit, since I don’t have anything to numb the area.  I’m sorry to have to do this.”  He’d stitched Sherlock before without anesthesia, because Sherlock always refused it.  But this time was different.  John bit his lip and went to it, adding an extra stitch, just in case.
Sherlock desperately hoped he wouldn’t be disappointed.  He needed to dance like other people needed drugs.  And he needed the purest hit, nothing less than unbridled passion would do anymore.  He wondered if he’d ever find it.
He gently rolled John's balls in his right hand, and snaked his left up to John's nipple, rubbing it, and tweaking it just as gently.  John began to moan in earnest, and thrust his hips, trying to get more friction.  "Ohhhh Sherlock.  That's so sweet.  God your hands..."  His hands gripped Sherlock's thighs tightly and bucked harder.
As they kissed, they were illuminated by a bright flash.  They turned, and could see that a storm was brewing outside.  A faint rumble of thunder followed a few moments later.  John closed his eyes and offered a silent thanks.
“I can do a shitty Highland jig, and I can grind out a slow dance, but nah.  Nothin’ like you can do.  That’s amazing.  That’s art.  The way you move, Christ Sherlock.  Have you seen yourself?  It’s like…”
He rummaged again and came up with some emergency candles.  Grabbing a few glasses from the kitchen, he used melted wax to affix the candles inside, and set the makeshift lanterns around the room.  Perfect.  Enough light to see, to throw interesting shadows, but nothing harsh.  Perfect.
Sherlock regarded him warily.  “Why would I do that?  What else was going on?  You know I’ll find out, so just tell me.”
Down underneath, where the river lapped at the pilings, he found him.  Sherlock was strung up by his arms, toes dangling in the water, passed out.  John yelled for help then ran to cut Sherlock down.
John’s jaw dropped.  Sherlock was strutting across the stage in his big black boots, fishnet stockings, hot pants, and a shiny black corset.  His eyes were lined with kohl and his hair was styled long and silky.  He stabbed the tip of Mycroft’s umbrella onto the stage and snapped his hips in time with the music.
John shivered as Sherlock laid his head down, his cheek on John’s rapidly hardening cock.  Neither man moved.  Sherlock lay there quietly, breathing in John’s scent, and John tilted his head back, relishing the closeness.
The packet was larger than a regular envelope, thick cream paper and navy calligraphy matched that of the invite to Rhys’ recital.  John was curious…
Sherlock sat, still and silent.  His eyes were focused on a point somewhere between them, and John recognized the look.  He took the moment to push the water and the meds across the table.  “Don’t forget these.”
“Mike, I don’t know what song says all that.  At first, I thought ‘I Will Always Love You’ but Sherlock just rolled his eyes.  Then I suggested ‘Love of My Life’ by Queen.  He thought for a moment, then said ‘Nope.’  I started to say, ‘Hey Jude’ and he cut me off!  Said if I couldn’t come up with anything intelligent to say I should just keep my mouth shut and learn sign language.  I don’t think a song’s been written that says what Sherlock wants it to say.”
Molly laughed.  “You’re standing in it.  I used to build sets for the ballet, then I decided to widen my scope.  I built this, and now I have a ballet dancer for it.  Turnabout is fair play.”
John’s hand ran along Sarah’s side as they continued to kiss.  He was able to pay attention to everything- the touch and feel of her mouth, her scent, the feel of her body under his hand as it ran along her side.  He was pleased to find out his guess was correct- she had wonderful curves and he was enchanted.  He hoped she was feeling the same about him, but he was far too interested in HER to worry.  So long as he was allowed to explore and experience her, he was happy.
There was a Tesco bag on the uncomfortable chair, a note taped to it.  John picked it up and read.  “John- For when you awaken.  -MH”
“Didyouknow that I was THISCLOSE to getting laid?  THISCLOSE.  But Mister Mycroft Nobody Ever Gets A Leg Over Holmes stuck his ruddy big nose in.”
Several hours later, both John and Sherlock were kitted out with new suits- everything from pocket squares to pants to socks and shoes. John’s ensemble was dark blue, almost black, and shot through with widely-spaced, white pinstripes. A waistcoat helped define his trim waist, and the blue tie and square brought out the color of his eyes. He gaped as he stood in front of the tailor’s mirrors. “Sherlock! I look like a movie star!” Sherlock smiled warmly. “I wouldn’t go that far, John, but it is nice to see you out of those horrid jumpers.”
Free time.  Indeed- he hadn’t had much free time at all since moving into 221B.  Sherlock kept him running ragged with cases and random texts at all times of the day or night.
His voice trailed off, and he bit down on John's shoulder, not painfully, but enough to make John jump again.  "Sherlock... do that... harder oh God HARDER."
They managed to get Sherlock into the shower without meeting each other’s eyes.  John stood outside the enclosure, there was no way he could go through with his original plan of getting in now, and Sherlock did his best to remain upright inside.  While Sherlock held John’s shoulders, the doctor grabbed the flannel and the soap and made efficient work of his back and legs, with a cursory brush over his arse.  John moved and Sherlock shifted his grip, turning to face his flat mate.  John ran the flannel over the bruised ribs and gently past the incision.  When there was nothing left to do but Sherlock’s crotch, he said “Let’s wash your hair now.”
John blanched and made to step away, but Sherlock reached out and grabbed his wrist.  “You saved me, John.”  Sherlock’s voice was quiet, and he looked intently into his flat mate’s face.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”
"Good.  This is wonderful, John.  We could do this every night for the rest of our lives and I'd be happy.  God.  The feel of you in my arms, pressing against me... the sounds you're making...  I'm hard, John, I'm hard for you,"  Sherlock pushed his hips against John's back gently, proving his words.  "But you never have to do any more than this.  I've never wanted anyone before, in any way, and I'll take whatever you give me, just let me keep touching you."
He turned off the overhead light and turned on the bedside lamp as he began to loosen his tie.  Opening the wardrobe, he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror within.  Damn.  He did look good.  He grinned and silently thanked Mycroft.
And with that, Mycroft swept down the stairs so quickly, so quietly, John was left to wonder if he’d actually even been there.
That must have been what Sherlock was waiting for, because he began to run his hands over John’s arms and chest.  Gently, not much more than brushing his fingertips over John’s skin.  John’s eyes opened and his breathing quickened.  Sherlock continued the gentle touches until John relaxed again.
John sighed.  Shit.  So much for nobody seeing.  On the plus side, though, at least Mycroft seemed OK with it.
“John.  You’re NOT ordinary.  You are every extraordinary thing in my life and I never want you to forget it.  I’m sorry I haven’t told you before this.  Rhys and I may have been playing music, but you and I will write a symphony together.  A symphony that will take the rest of our lives to play out, and will never be finished.”
John had to shake himself back to reality.  He was a doctor.  He was helping a patient, nothing more.  He poured shampoo into his palm and reached up to wash the sopping curls.
“Dr. Watson, at long last.  I’m thrilled you could join us tonight.  I’ve heard so much about you, mostly from Mycroft sad to say, but sometimes Sherlock lets his guard down.”  She grasped both his hands, and kissed him lightly on both cheeks.  THIS was Mummy?  John stammered before remembering his manners.  “Mrs. Holmes, how lovely to meet you.  Please, call me John.”  He bent to kiss her hand and grinned rakishly, looking up at her through his eyelashes, Three Continents Watson to the fore. “I hope you won’t hold Mycroft’s opinions against me.”  “Well, John, we’ll have to see how things progress before I decide to… hold anything against you.”  John’s mind slipped another gear.  Was she FLIRTING with him?  God he hoped so.
The bell rang and Sherlock heard Mrs. Hudson open the door.  One set of footsteps up- must be someone familiar.  Must be Lestrade.  Greg knocked gently and stuck his head in.
John turned to face his savior and was dazzled by a mature woman in a long green gown.  Her silver hair was cut in a stylish bob, her makeup perfect.  She towered over John, but when she walked, he could see that she was wearing scandalously high heels.  Stripper heels.  His mind reeled.  He’d never been with an older woman, but if he were to think about it, THIS would be the woman.
“He refused to dance to the song I picked.  He said it won’t convey what I want it to.  Who does he think he is?  I’m the artist, I’m the one who made the whole thing up- how does he know what I want it to convey?”
Sherlock's mouth continued to move up and down slowly.  Deliberate motions, lips dragging against the skin of John's cock in agonizingly drawn out fashion.  His hands, relatively idle up until now, twitched of their own accord.  There were more ways to touch, obviously.  One of his hands moved, and as it drew close to John, the motions of his mouth slowed and grew shallower.  His fingertips met the skin of John's cock and he lightly touched him, beginning to move in tandem with his mouth.  Now the backs of his fingers, nails softly along in arcs that met up with the downward motion of his mouth.
John sighed and shook his head.  This entire family was overwhelming and he was suddenly very, very tired.  He hung his new suit up, put on his nightclothes and crawled into the soft nest of the bed.
He turned to take the soup out to Sherlock, but jumped when he saw the detective standing in the kitchen.
Sherlock acquiesced to allowing Mycroft send a car for them on the day of the recital. Neither he nor John had a vehicle, and he refused to take public transportation from London to Sussex. Since the alternative was renting a car, and Mycroft had cancelled his credit card after receiving word of the duo’s shopping spree, the black limousine was the most logical option. The only drawback was that they had to share the space with Anthea, who, after giving them both uncharacteristic appraising looks, immediately went back to tapping at her mobile. Even though she was quiet, her very presence rankled him, and Sherlock tapped angrily at his own phone.
Thursday afternoon, John left the clinic early.  The initial rush of flu and flu-like cases had waned, and Sarah all but pushed him out the door.  “Go away.  You worked Sunday, you get to have a little free time.”
“Because it was YOU.  Because I was trying to save YOU.  I would break every law, every bone in someone’s body, go through hell to make sure you were ok.  There.  Are you happy?  I thought I’d be happy with Sarah, and trust me- she’s great.  She’s smart and sexy and fantastic in bed.  I could spend days learning her skin, and even longer learning her taste.  The sex was amazing, the time we spent together was amazing.  But the moment, the SECOND I heard your name from Lestrade’s mouth I couldn’t leave her fast enough.  Shit.  I left her in bed.  Naked.  Begging me to stay.  I was out the door before I’d even puckered up for a proper goodbye kiss.  And then that man.  He was so sure you’d die before I got to you.  So sure I was soft and kind and wasn’t a threat.  A good cop, unable to step over the line.  I showed him I was able, yeah.  I beat it out of him.  I told him if you died, so would he and I pistol whipped him, broke his ribs and beat him to the point of unconsciousness to drive my point home.  Because he, or someone in his organization, threatened YOU.  And I climbed in your bed happily.  Eager to feel your breathing, to reassure myself that you were alive.  So tell me, Mr. Consulting Detective.  What does that all mean?”  John was pacing, red faced.  He stopped and turned to Sherlock.  “Tell me what it means.”
Why was John sorry?  It was Sherlock’s fault he was in this mess, John was actually making it better.  His touch was so…  Sherlock’s brain was still not right.  He couldn’t figure out what it was about John’s touch and voice that made things better.  He’d figure it out later.  After the soup.
The music faded, and Sherlock dropped his forehead to John’s, their chests touching.  Before he could lose his nerve, John cupped Sherlock’s cheek and kissed him gently.
“You have two broken ribs, a sprained ankle, a concussion, and a broken nose.  You have serious internal injuries, consistent with damage inflicted by fists and blunt objects- most likely a cricket bat.  You required surgery to stop internal bleeding.  You’re, unfortunately, drugged to the core right now or I assume you’d be in excruciating agony.”
In addition to the umbrella that was delivered by one of Mycroft’s silent minions (#3, John noted), another dozen arrived, then a pair of shiny black “combat” boots, and a small box from
“Wot?”  The single syllable sounded gruff, and Rhys cleared his throat and tried again.  “What’s going on, Sherlock?  Is something wrong?”
“I’m not hungry.  I had my fill of the delectable hospital cuisine thank you very much.”   Sherlock sniffed and flung himself over, by habit.
There were nights when he sat in his flat, picking at the guitar.  He hummed the old songs, but they didn’t give him the same rush anymore.  All he could see was the face of his attacker during the last gig.  The guy had been right up front, singing and smiling at him with the rest of the crowd.  And then he’d ruined John’s life.
Sherlock sat, and ate, and watched.  John bustled, and cleaned, and thought.  He finally pulled down a glass and got Sherlock’s meds.
“Spot on.  Evidently he’s ‘quite helpful’ and pointy.”  John’s air quotes nearly overturned the empty mugs in front of the duo.
Sherlock was thin and pale in the harsh fluorescent light of the bathroom.  He balanced on one foot, with one hand on the sink.  The other held a towel around his hips.  “I assume we’ll have to remove the bandages from around my ribs?”
Sherlock didn’t answer and John turned back.  He was struck by the look on Sherlock’s face, something akin to wonder, puzzlement, a struggle to understand.  It was gone in a blink, and Sherlock stammered “No…no.  That’s caviar.  A sort of ‘fish berry’ jam.  You’ll like it.  It’s salty.”
Tuesday came much too early, by John’s reckoning.  Yawning and stretching, he shambled downstairs to fix a cuppa, and noticed a large case on the floor in the parlor, and even more surprising- a lanky ginger asleep on the couch.  Rhys had come to visit.
The team surrounded the boathouse and rushed it.  Inside they found a half-dozen more members of the meth ring, and after a quick gun battle (one drug-maker down, one policeman wounded) John was allowed in.  He raced through the rooms, pistol out, eyes alert, scanning every opening, nook and cranny.
“You can’t go in the ambulance, John, it isn’t allowed.”  Greg hated to say that, but it was the truth.
“For the time being, you ARE an invalid, Sherlock.  Please don’t be angry when I’m just helping.  We’ll get you inside, settle you in bed and”
John was never one to disobey an order, and lost himself between her thighs.  He moved his hands to the front of her shoulders and pushed her torso against the bed, even as her legs wrapped around his hips.   It didn’t take long and he was stuttering against her, coming deep inside as he grunted and moaned.  The flashes of lightning illuminated them both- open mouthed, eyes screwed shut, lost in their own private storm as Mother Nature’s raged outside.
Sherlock carefully undid the button, then the zipper, on John’s jeans and pushed them down.  John raised his hips as much as he was able, and Sherlock made quick work of the pants too.
John sat quietly as the ambulance raced through London’s streets.  He held Sherlock’s hand and listened to the medical team list what was wrong.  His blood roared in his ears and he wished he hadn’t taken it so easy on the thug at the taxidermy shop.
If he was being honest though, he was also a little jealous of her.  To have found someone that made her as happy as she was that day… he’d never had that.  Sure, there were girlfriends, but nobody made him feel passionate.
As the last Amen faded, Sherlock grasped John’s wrists and spun him around.  They faced each other as the tempo changed.
“Oh do stop it John. You look positively unhinged. Have a drink and settle down.” Sherlock handed John a crystal tumbler containing two fingers of scotch from the limo‘s bar. John took it and sipped absentmindedly, still looking forward to the recital.
What will John do when Sherlock and Rhys start playing duets and there’s more than just music in the air?
“I’m going to make you some soup, and you’re going to eat it.  Soon it’ll be time for your next round of meds, so you’ll need something in your stomach.”  John hung the coat on the hook and made his way into the kitchen.
By the time he was done, Sherlock was dozing and John breathed a sigh of relief.  He wasn’t up for questions just yet.  He crept from the room and texted Lestrade.
“That’s got to be where he went.  From the looks of it, the storefront is attached to the warehouses behind, but there are three stories in the front, and who knows how much behind.  We’re going to need help.”  John sat and assessed the building in front of him.  All his combat training was screaming that this was a bad idea, even with backup, but he didn’t know what else he could do besides go in.
When he was done, Sherlock was sweating and panting again.  It took all John’s willpower not to take the detective in his arms and rock him to sleep.  Instead he pressed his hand to the dark curls and said very softly “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.”  He inhaled deeply and bit off what he almost said.  I’m sorry I wasn’t there with you.  I’m sorry I didn’t stay.  I’m sorry I let you down.
He looked around and noticed that Mummy had risen, yawning delicately and rolling her shoulders.  Her perfume wafted toward John, driven by the warmth of the fire.  “On that note, gentleman, I’m off to bed. “  The three men stood.  She placed a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek, then Rhys’.  Turning to John she said “Dr. Watson?  Would you please show me to my room?  I daresay this conversation isn’t interesting to you, and these two will be at it all night.”
When John finally put his hands in Sherlock’s hair and whispered “please…” Sherlock relented.  He ran his tongue up slowly from balls to tip, before pausing with his mouth wrapped around the head of John's cock, holding loosely, not tight.
He couldn’t push all the way in with her hand there, but that was fine.  He’d been so close, and this position let him pull back from the edge.  He watched in amazement as she pleasured herself, not at all bothered that she was doing it.  He knew that most women don’t climax from intercourse alone, and just wanted her to feel good.  He knew he’d get there, she felt amazing wrapped around him, hot and slick and deep inside- he could feel her gripping and releasing him as she stroked.
John carefully opened one eye and did his best to glare at his flatmate. “I went shopping yesterday. Don’t tell me you’ve used everything for experiments again. Sherlock- we cannot afford to keep buying milk every day. If you don’t stop wasting it, I’ll have to resort to that ghastly powdered creamer.”
She moved one finger down, behind his scrotum and teased the flesh there, drawing a sharp exhale from him.  With a wink, she put that finger in her mouth to wet it, and returned it to his crotch, this time lower, deeper, dirtier.  John’s head rolled back with the thought of oh so proper Mummy Holmes fingering his ass and his hips pushed against the air.  He mimicked Fantasy-Mummy’s actions, running his own wet finger against his hole.  When she pressed into him, so did he.  When she fucked his ass, so did he.  When she moved her other hand from his balls to grasp his shaft, so did he.
John thought for a moment.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d spoken face to face with another person besides his therapist or a customer.  He shrugged.
He swayed side to side, bending at the waist and dragging John with him, loose, his hair flopping with his movements.
“Ballet is… everything.  It’s all I’ve worked for my entire life, and it keeps missing my expectations.  I quit, you know.  I just couldn’t find the passion any more.  It became purely mechanical.  Was my foot arched just so?  Did my extension hold tightly enough?  Did my relevez have enough tension?  It became about checking off the boxes and going through the motions.  I was so bored.  Nothing ever excited me anymore.  Now I’m not dancing, and I’m still bored.”
As they continued to kiss, their feet were moving, shifting them towards the bed as if a gravitational pull was exerting itself on their bodies.  Not really a fluid motion, though.  Their eagerness to reach the bed was equal to their reluctance to let go of one another and let the kiss end.  They kind of shuffled and spun their way the short distance across the floor until John felt his legs hit the side of the bed.  As soon as he did, he was able to break the kiss, and collapsed down onto it without letting Sarah go, pulling her with him.
Rhys was sprawled on the bed, looking like a gangly ginger starfish, all pajama-clad legs and elbows.  Sherlock was glad to have slept on the sofa all week.  The cellist snuffled and woke.
John had never been so glad or so frustrated to see the elder Holmes.  He blushed from tip to tails, and rapidly released his grasp.
He felt her start to jerk and began to push a little harder, feeling his balls slap against her even as they tightened with impending orgasm.  Her breath came faster and oh the noises!  He heard her moan, and whine, and gasp as she thrust against him, and he heard the wet slide of cock against pussy.  Skin against skin, hot and sweaty and perfect.
As their breath slowed, Sherlock dropped his leg from John’s waist.  Once again, he put his sweaty forehead to John’s.
“Terrible.  I can’t write anymore.  I don’t have anything to say anymore.  I especially don’t have anything to say that would let everything out, empty you, so that whatever is waiting to come in, can come in.”
In the kitchen he put the kettle on and got out a clean mug.  He knew there was at least one mug of cold tea somewhere in the parlor, but he couldn’t be arsed to go get it.  As he waited for the kettle to boil, he looked around.  He spotted the big cream envelope on the sideboard, and saw that it had another photo in it.  Interesting.  Why was that one separate from the others?  He opened it and spilled out the photo, and the note.
He picked up his breakfast and walked into the parlor, and there was Sherlock.  Holding the pictures, the envelope and the note.
“Stop.  Let me continue.  I need you, John.  I need you to make me tea, and clean up my messes, and make sure I eat.”
“Oh my God, Molly.  I’m so sorry.  Here we are, just met, and I’m spilling my guts out to you.  My therapist would…”
“Not really, John.  My entry into this contest was supposed to be a joke.  He assumed I would fail spectacularly, so he offered to provide the entirety of Meridian Imports’ donation.  He’s out £22,750 and his second-best umbrella.
John thought.  Thought about Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson, the tenderness there.  He thought about Sherlock and The Woman- the sad songs after her supposed death.  He thought about the ashtray from Buckingham Palace, the dinners out when John was the only one eating, the violin on the nights he woke up panting from nightmares…
The first shot was of him kissing Mummy’s hand.  He smiled, remembering her laugh, her soft skin, that moment full of possibilities.
Then, he was all the way inside.  He stopped and lowered himself down and wrapped his arms around her, pulling them together tightly.  Her arms and legs encircled him and they began to rock together, moving and swaying together slowly, pressing and grinding.  A slow dance, getting to know the feel of one another.
Sherlock knew what John was avoiding, and the thought made him grin.  He bit it back and nodded, reaching for the shampoo as best he could.  He tilted his head back and let the water rush down his face.
Mike pointed at what looked like a small wooden church, sitting in a field just outside town.  John couldn’t tell if it was being built or being torn down.  He liked it.  It looked comfortable, like it needed a little help, but could be (could have been?) beautiful.
Lestrade sighed, and wondered if he wanted to have this discussion right now.  He tugged at his hair again.
There was a sleek black town car waiting to pick John up at the station, surprisingly, Mycroft and Lestrade were both inside, next to each other on the broad back seat.  John sat facing them.
Sherlock released his mouth, allowing John's slick and softening cock to fall back onto his abdomen.  He paused, looking at it as it rested there, as if studying or memorizing its details.  His hand reached to it. His fingers touched it, not so much appraisingly as inquisitively. Then softer, strokes that just barely touched the skin.  Up, then back down, every inch falling subject to his touch.  Hand turning over now, backs of his fingers taking the place of his fingertips to repeat the same explorations.  John squirmed a bit, still sensitive.
John sighed and got out the scissors.  He figured if he really tried he could get the shirt off without cutting it, but he didn’t want to put his friend in any more pain than necessary.
And then, mercifully, it was done.  The area still ached, but John had promised painkillers if he’d have some soup.  Sherlock the addict would do anything to get those painkillers.  He thought about that for a moment, frantic, panting, feeling the need swim up like a fish from the bottom of the ocean.  Then John’s hand was on his hair, and he was speaking so softly that Sherlock worked to concentrate.  “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.”
“Yes, I remember you telling me that.  What I don’t remember is you telling me that you left Sarah alone on the Isle of Wight, that you went down into Vauxhall alone, that you beat someone nearly to death to gather information on where to find me, that you were the one who found me at the boathouse, that you were the one who cut me down and carried me out, that you nearly came to blows when told you couldn’t ride in the ambulance with me and lastly- that you slept in my hospital bed with me, after my surgery.”  His voice had risen steadily, and he was nearly shouting.
It was all so slow, so languid.  John felt as though he was sinking into Sherlock, melting.  It wasn’t the frantic, lust driven meeting of a one night stand, this felt… life changing.  He looked down and watched his cock slide in and out of Sherlock’s plush lips and gasped.  The heat that had been simmering flamed up and John began to roll his hips.
He staggered upright and ran the flannel over his face a few times.  He swished some water in his mouth and spit, then drank the rest slowly.  Anything to put off facing Sherlock, and having to leave his home.  He sighed.
John’s hands ran up to Sherlock’s hair, and his knees moved to bracket Sherlock’s slim hips.  He kissed like he was drowning and Sherlock’s breath was the only thing to save him.  His hips moved of their own accord, slowly back and forth across Sherlock’s lap.
John reached around and grabbed Sherlock’s arse and thrust up as best he could.  “Yes.  God yes.”  He grunted and grabbed and gasped as Sherlock drove against him.  “Sherlo…” the name was cut short as John was swept into his orgasm.  His eyes slammed shut and he bit down hard.  His breath hissed between his teeth as he inhaled quickly, then released with a groan as he coated his stomach.  His head threw back and his mouth opened.  His hips stuttered against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock looked up now, an intent expression as he studied John's face as he continued to move, gauging the effects of every motion, every part of the touch.  Finally John reached and put his hands over Sherlock’s, stilling them, and closed his eyes.
But now wasn’t the time to wonder.  They’d finished dinner, and walked slowly along the shore and through the quaint streets to their B&B.  Their room was on the top floor, 1 of only three rooms in the place.  It was quiet, and dark, and most importantly- no Sherlock.
Mycroft finally broke the silence. “You owe me.  You placed a wager, lost, and I am here to collect.”
John’s hands tightened in Sherlock’s hair as they moved against each other, Sherlock moaned at the sensation and John shuddered.  “Sherlock, I’m close…”
John caught the movement, even as drunk as he was, and shouted  “No.  Oh pointy bird, oh pointy pointy.  You don’t get to help Lestrade Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
John was transfixed.  He couldn’t decide where to look, at Sherlock's whip thin arms as they arced gracefully over his head, or perhaps his muscular thighs, with the sliver of skin peeking out through the hole in those sinfully thin tights.  And that arse…
The humour had surprised John not because Sherlock was incapable of it. On the contrary, he had a good flavor for it, if not in a cruel or too sulky mood where it turned more dripping viper’s fang than his usual phlegmatic one-liners. But this was light-hearted and not self-deprecating. It was instead honest in a blunt way John was not used to; Sherlock admitting to having monsters. They had come a long way from the barricade of ‘I’m a high-functioning sociopath’. A long way from John ever thinking for a second, even the most troublesome, impossible, infuriating one, that Sherlock was a machine. They had rather entered the territory of ‘I have spent my entire life under the premise of being a freak and I am currently a little lost, please help me?’.
Somehow, John understands. He pulls himself closer, and Sherlock belatedly registers the movement of his body, as his head becomes tucked under John's chin, an arm locks around his waist, and he can breathe in John's chest. He sighs, as every part of him melts into the contact. John's other hand brushes through his hair, sorting the unruly curls and then messing them up again. And then Sherlock's heart quietens. Because it is not just a little bit more. And if he is not dreaming, that could mean he is allowed to share all the things he has always wanted to share with John. About how he would play with Redbeard, and dream of roaming the seas as a pirate, and wonder whether lips after kisses could taste like honey.
When finally standing -ribs protesting again- I find that I am, in fact, nervous. My gaze falls on you and my breath hitches. Your arms seem lifeless and that’s about the only part of this that actually helps me move forward. You won’t hurt me. I hope. There is electricity tingling in my fingertips. What I am about to do is beyond me. Calm down. Breathe. Relax. John is in pain. Focus. No, how could I? How can I focus? You’re my focal point. You always were. The anchor, pulling my back from the edge of the world. Preventing me to fall in the eternal abyss. That illusion is long gone now.
I purse my lips. You come closer and the rebuke is already at the tip of my tongue but you shave it off with a soft peck. My lips prickle with energy now. Tingles. I feel them curl just a tad upwards. Yours do the same. Beautiful.
‘It’s okay.’ I whisper is a raspy voice. Look where we are, John Watson. How could we be like this? How? I will give you anything. Anything at all. I feel it as my heart quivers and trembles. As your forehead pushes against my bruised sternum with need and your tears bring a wet warmth over my shirt. You need this, then I’ll give it to you but how could
Suddenly, this seems like a not-at-all-good idea. Suddenly, Sherlock's throat is tight with dread. With that gut-wrenching fear that now he messed up, and John will go away.
“We had not had an 8 in a while. In fact, since…” This is how they referred to Mary, most of the times. ‘Since…’ A pause, an inclination of the head. And the other was meant to gather that this was the thing that was not to be talked about, the thing that had almost broken them both.
The silence after a long fought and well lost battle will follow me everywhere. My life will be filled with it. I will keep finding dead bodies around my mind. I will keep burying them away. I won’t interfere in another war. The air will whistle between the leaves of the oak tree above my fake grave that will soon be filled. The flags, bloodied and torn will sag weakly over their posts. The canon holes will never be filled with new ground. All will be black. No crops will grow here anymore. Nothing new will be ever built. The fires will just slowly go out and leave this. My soul. The battlefield. Empty. Void.
"That I'm staying. It's too much to discuss all of it now, Sherlock, and I'm not good at doing that sort of thing, but listen to me. I am going nowhere. Never again. Not after this. Not after I thought I'd lost you a second time onto a bloody hospital bed".
‘Mmm? What was what?’ I’m panicking. Fidgety. When have I ever been fidgety for anything close to this? Pathetic. Stop it. Drink tea. Do something.
It never worked, and Sherlock could not stop feeling like a failure -or that his head would explode with the need, visceral, primitive, urgent
“I thought Lestrade had told you…” But the lack of anger on John’s part could only be interpreted as ignorance.
Thunder broke outside, and realization bloomed with it in John’s chest.  “You mean… You feel inadequate because you have not told me you love me?”
John sighed. He edged closer, until he could bring an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and guide the taller man to lean his weight against him. “Sherlock… I
Shit. Absolute, terrible, damned, fucking shit. I’m swearing more than I have in my whole life. Because those words aren’t meant for me. Not addressed to me. Not ever. Two simple words and we’ve both fucked them up. My lips twitch almost into a snarl which I hope can pass as a smile because I can’t handle it. I can’t. How can I still believe the world is swirling around us? How can I still hope your world is focused on me? Selfish prick. No, we are not just the two of us against the rest of the world anymore.
“But last night I knew… I knew that me not voicing them was selfish. The thought of never having said them, of losing every opportunity to paralyzed me. You have been through impossible situations, John, and yet you chose to be here, with me. The notion of me not giving you enough, not giving you what you deserve… I don’t want to feel it again”
But whatever fears had crept up for him having ruined the moment and become decisively undeserving of such declarations ever again where hushed when John did not stop saying it. On the contrary. John would say it again and again, during the months to come. When they’d be having breakfast, lunch, dinner. When waking up or going to sleep. When Sherlock spoke, when Sherlock had not said a word. When Sherlock was being exceptionally good, when Sherlock was being frustrating. When making love, when just cuddling. In any and every occasion, John had said ‘I love you’.  And every time, it was like a tiny silver arrow piercing his heart, like the thorn of a rose prickling his palm. It
‘That doesn’t even mean anything.’ Only if you were the one to complete me… No. No, you don’t want this. Made it pretty clear. Cracked ribs and all. Months of silence and blame and abuse. You surely don’t want this. Not again.
I’m worthless. I don’t deserve anything. From anyone. Much less you. I bring your eyes in my mind, soft and translucent as you look at me with fondness. Nobody had ever acknowledged me as anything personally close to them. Nobody ever before you. Maybe it was pity. But there was a tremor in your voice and you almost said you love me, broadly speaking.
‘But it is what it is.’ Comes the low whisper, words rumbling in my throat, echoing in my mind. Somehow, I found myself gripping tighter, closer. My lips ghost over your temple. I’m breathing in your scent. This is the last time. My last time. Soap. Focus. A sob overtakes you and I wish you would let your hands hold me one last time too, but one remains lifeless at your side while the other tries to stifle the sobs into your mouth. The familiar smells I would expect from wool and tea are now gone. Baby powder maybe? I search for it as you shake in my arms and I pull you closer without even noticing. No. By god, John. I can’t even deduce you have a baby right now. You haven’t been with her for a long while so her smell doesn’t appear on you. I purse my lips. Eyes now tightly closed. Concentrate. Look at what we have become. Alcohol. I would never miss the alcohol. Oh, John… Your hair product. Lots of it. I lose it, then. Our smells too close, mixing together. My heartbeat is elevated. My ribs hurt as you grip tighter without actually gripping. I can’t explain it. Those smells are not the ones I somehow found comforting once. You are different. You smell as the man who beat me up in a hospital. I’m shaking with you now but I doubt you’ll even notice. My fingers grip at your hair. Tight. You hiss. I let go. Smooth it back. It is what it is. For you it’s shit. For me it’s nothing. But what could it be for us? I’m tuning out again… One last time…
“Good. Now, is it Chinese or Thai, you got to help me here”, John said, scooting to the edge of the bed to get up.
Maybe that was it. Maybe you had given me such a promise and I had given it back, without realising. That night or the other. The pool where we decided to die together. Death wouldn’t do us part then, it would take us both. Maybe it was then. Sealed not in paper or in jewellery or tokens but in a simple look. The look you had in your eyes when you looked at me afterwards. Every time. The look I had myself when I watched you for months, trying to decide how you’d take it. My death. My fake death. It did do us part then. Because you couldn’t follow. Or you could. Or rather… you could go somewhere, I couldn’t follow. Thank God, that hadn’t happened. But it was close. Pretty close. Many times. I knew it, had seen the footage, had heard the rants of my brother for stealing it or hacking it halfway around the globe. Discoverable, he said. In danger, he said. When he couldn’t even bloody keep you safe for me. He had one job. One job that he conveniently gave away to… the love of your life? I don’t know. I know nothing anymore.
But that all just take a moment of time inside my brain. The next, I’m shoved into reality. My eyes fixed at the coffee table beside me. My hand almost trembling, leaves my tea mug there without my mind’s permission. I’m standing up. Slowly. Another moment. I’m fully aware of what is about to transpire now. The moment after the next. I’m going to comfort you. Or try to. Whichever you choose to describe it with afterwards, I guess.
‘It’s alright…’ I whispered into your ear. One hand was ruffling through your curls with adoration. You were always such a child no matter the years, no matter the sadness, no matter your incredible intelligence… I always loved that about you even when I was rebuking you for it. I wanted you to know that now. I wanted you to know so desperately. In the end, we both took in shaky breaths and spoke the words together.
‘Just text her. Phone her, do something while there’s still a chance, because that chance doesn’t last forever. Trust me, Sherlock, it’s gone before you know it. Before. You. Know it.’
“What, an ex-assassin and a cane?”, John chuckled. “Sherlock… I am not here expecting from you anything more than you are”
‘Hey, if you changed your mind…’ You don’t finish. I have plunged myself at you from the first word. Clingy. Great. My nose in your hair, near your ear, fingers gripping at your well-tailored suit. I’ll crumble it. Mustn’t. Not good. I pull back with a shaky breath, not meeting your eyes but hearing the surprise in the small gasp that leaves your lips.
You were here. I wasn’t delusional. This wasn’t a drug-fuelled fantasy. You were here. Sitting opposite me in your usual armchair. Black shirt. Tight jeans. Dark blue. More like black as well. I bit my lip. My eyes couldn’t exactly focus on the colours. My head was spinning.
‘Come on. Let’s lie down…’ I whispered and guided you into the grass. It was soft but also wet from the last rainy days of spring. You didn’t object but you refused to let my hand go. I squeezed your fingers reassuringly and slowly we were both on our back watching the stars…
The façade falls. My mind acknowledges your voice and your presence truthfully for the first time since you walked in hours ago. My lips are trembling. What am I even made of anymore? It can’t be feelings. It can’t be sentiment. It can’t be love. I don’t want it to be. Are you seriously not addressing the other matter? Would you do that? Is there hope left? You’ve shown me there isn’t.
"What are you doing there, trying to break your spine?", he huffs, but there is an undercurrent of a chuckle in his tone.
It has been a while since I last left my armor behind to enter a situation unfavourable to me. I will have to now. For you. My dear Watson. My clean-shaven Doctor. My blogger. I’d be lost without you. I am lost already. But I must keep it to myself, be by your side, manage this one last miracle for you.
Sherlock makes a small sound that cannot be interpreted in any reliable way. Exhales. Nods, unsure. Fix what?
Understood. My tea is cold. Think of something. Don’t be vulnerable. You’re a psychopath. A machine. Focus. Fix it. You already knew nothing was okay. Why didn’t you just leave it alone? Why did you have to ask? Desperation.
You were out of the car in milliseconds, following her wonderful small voice granting me with the deduction that you might actually be more worried that you let me know. I smiled and got out to greet our little girl, which judging by her tone she was just fine.
You don’t even notice, then. You get up. My chest heaves slightly. A knife reaching deeper than before. I’m hopeless. Pathetic. We had started something. You had promised something else.
I’m not. I’m not lucky. You don’t even acknowledge what we’ve been through. I am not lucky at all. Good. Want to play hide and seek? I’ll ignore everything too. Let’s go back to the beginning then.
Sherlock picked up his cup of tea, forgotten until then, and stood. “Lestrade can wrap it up”, he said, waving a dismissive hand.
“Thank you” John smiled groggily and lifted the mug to his lips. He blew over the dark liquid, turning its surface to ripples, then tiny folds with the last strength of his breath.
‘I’m not changing my mind.’ Dear God, I sound like a petulant child. Your smile grows. How do you do that? After all those years and you just…
‘She’ll be fine, Sherlock, you’ll see.’ Your hand was on my thigh in a soothing grip. You knew I was worried. You always knew.
, to say it, admit it, shout it from the rooftops if he had to (on second thought, no, better no rooftops for his love declaration to John Watson). It crowded the breath in his lungs, clung onto his tongue, burned his palate. Nothing. Nothing. He simply couldn’t.
It is snowing outside. Not too much, just stray, mischievous flakes floating lazily on the afternoon breeze. They won't solidify into snow, it is not cold enough for that, it is too rare for that to happen. It is the first days of December, and this is central London, after all. Still, Sherlock cannot but huff at how this changes nothing for him. The weather remains too cold and overall terrible, which means that, in effect, he is snowed in. John would never allow his recovery to be interrupted by the flu, or a cold, or the pain in his muscles and bones to be woken again by the teeth-clattering chill. And that may all be good, but Sherlock is bored. So unbelievably bored. He'd-crawl-onto-the-carpet-from-one-edge-of-the-living-room-to-the-other-just-to-count-its-tiny-knots-of-thread-level-of-bored.
‘I know.’ I smiled at you, although you couldn’t see. When had I grown so overprotective and I hadn’t noticed? I sighed placing a hand above yours for a while before letting you drive properly once more. ‘I just… aren’t you worried?’
In the relative darkness the cocoon of covers provided, Sherlock breathed a kiss on John’s forehead, John’s lips latched onto Sherlock’s adam’s apple. Their breaths, alternating at first, took turns to make each chest swell into the small free space between them. And then they evened out, and fell into pace, rising and falling, curtains billowing in summer breeze, to meet each other.
I was drunk. I was so damn drunk. I came to your apartment in a haze. Seeking for help? Release? Safety? Even I didn’t fully know. I was drunk and I was angry and scared. I was sure if I went back home I could hit the end. I was sure I was capable of it. Of shouting at her, ruining her… If I managed to black out I could certainly hit her. I knew this rage was brewing and she didn’t have anything to do with it. She was just an innocent. Just a child. I was scared that if no one was around I could kill her and then realise and kill myself. Or better still, someone would find me the next morning drunk almost to death and I would be kept alive to suffer the consequences for the rest of my life. You would keep me alive without meaning to hurt me but it would hurt. It would be well-deserved torture.
I heard clatter and the door shut loudly due to the heavy wind and the next moment I saw you run up the stairs. I was worrying on my lower lip and your eyes lingered on the movement. I could feel the unanswered questions and silent accusations of anger going through my eyes and I knew you heard them and they hurt you. I knew I hurt you every single day since I met you and I didn’t seem able to stop. Maybe I needed you to speak to me, talk me out of it, shout at me, yell at me like my dead wife had done or even wail like my daughter was doing all the time nowadays. But no words came from your impeccable, wet lips. No one else was here now. No one was going to hear or know anything of what I wanted and was going to do. You gave me that so willingly. You gave me safety. To be angry, to shout, to hurt. You gave me space for the bubble to burst. You gave me yourself so selflessly. I couldn’t bear it anymore. I couldn’t hurt you anymore. I needed to get passed this.
probably forgot to mention I have no idea where to find the source for these prompts at the moment :P I have them saved screenshots in my phone, when I trace them back to their original posting in tumblr which is a mess right now, I'll provide a link ;)
‘In saving my life, she conferred a value on it.’ Deep breath. There. Not so difficult, was it? Cracked ribs. Pain. Yes, that should remind you of what you’ve lost. Keep it that way. Go on. ‘It is a currency, I do not know how to spend.’
The only time you would sleep peacefully was when sleep overcame you in our small living room after a day of exhaustion. I liked to keep you busy. I loved to exhaust you running outside, chasing thugs and solving crimes. I knew when we returned home, you would fall asleep on the couch or your armchair and those were the times when I stood or sat nearby and watched you. I was desperately looking for any sign of distress, for any clench of your lips or winch of your face, any tremor of your left hand. It was selfish but I wanted you to give me a chance to comfort you. I wanted to confront you about all the nights I knew you were thinking of taking your life and you wouldn’t let me help.
‘Never took you for the superstitious type.’ You smiled. I could hear it in your voice even if my eyes looked down.
Oh. You picked it up. You heard the irony. You closed your eyes. You were hurt. You contained it. So maybe- No. Anger. Only. Nothing else. Bitterness. That’s what people do. Yes. Don’t they…?
The suit tailored perfectly, designed expertly, chosen impeccably. It’s right there, hanging in my wardrobe, waiting to be worn and stained through the occasion. Never to be used again. Always to be kept. Sentiment.
Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck, yawning, his jaw crackling with the force of it, his arms stretching above his head, elbows curving that tiny bit inwards, giving the entire movement a soft arch like a cat’s spine.
‘Was that really you, dear brother?!’ she had sneaked closer to me and tried to take the phone from my fingers but I retreated quickly trying to make my way to the bedroom or the bathroom at least. Thank god, I was taller than the both of you.
You don’t reply, just your small calloused fingers reach and take mine, bring them up to your lips, a soft exhalation and you
I didn’t have your experience. But I could still hear it, see it, experience it. In my brain and in the real world.
Sherlock’s cheeks had been pale, not the usual flush they flared on with the chase, his black curls wild atop his head. He had said nothing but had rushed to John’s side. He had taken his hand, and held tight, the black leather of his glove gluing to his palm with heat and sweat. John had squeezed. Sherlock had squeezed back.
work?’ Stop it. It hurts and I can’t feel it anymore. You know it doesn’t actually work. You’re ignoring what we started. You’re ignoring everything.
‘Looking forward to it.’ I’d really like to see you. Yes. Maybe. But the irony creeps up. Keep it up, Holmes. Anger is all I have.
You’re pacing towards me and it takes all my willpower not to flinch. Not to pull away. Curl into myself and shout at you with the fury that I feel bubbling up inside me. The only chance I ever had was your promise. Oh, you’re jealous. You are jealous yet you don’t want this. You’re jealous and all you do is push me away. Or you don’t care. Not anymore. Which is more logical? The second? Yes. Agreed.
‘Doesn’t change the fact, you shouldn’t have come. Bad luck.’ My voice rumbles lowly. I see your pupils dilate, fixed on me.
"A blanket fort. You must be sick of lying in bed, and you can't get comfortable enough in the chair, or the sofa, so how about we provide an alternative for a while?"
John fitted a knee between Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock’s ankles hooked around John’s other leg. John’s arm found its own way around Sherlock’s waist. And the hands whose sides they were lying on, met between their bodies and held each other tight.
If I had your experience, I could probably close my eyes and hear it all. The roars, the shouts, the cries, screams of the nearly departed. The ringing in my ears and the sand in my eyes, or rain maybe. Crawling into the mud, skin pained with a thousand prickles. Being alone, yet so close to others. The orders, the chaos, the painfully short silence when everything was dead, waiting for the next kill.
“We have been in dangerous situations before”, Sherlock was continuing. “And this fear for you has accompanied me through each and every one of them. This time was different. Before… before us, I did not carry the same weight I do now”
By the time we got back into the car she was blabbing like crazy about how the teacher let them play even after the break and how she had managed to get her first honorary sticker for her drawings and she was getting around talking about all her new friends, when the first day’s exhaustion overtook her in the back seat. I turned to see her, sliding slowly into the leather with a small yawn. Your smile was something to be written permanently in history and I smirked giving you a small kiss to the cheek.
‘I do believe I can last twenty minutes without supervision.’ Irony. Bitter smile. What else? Oh, avoid to look at you or fix my gaze at you accusingly? Maybe I can do both. I’m angry. That’s what people do, don’t they? Hurt each other when they’re angry? A pause.
"Sherlock, I have better things to do on a Friday night than arguing with you over wanting to help you get your stubborn arse comfortable?"
It had taken a while for John to understand that. But now that he did, he tried to help as their life together matured and grew. But the one thing he did not do, was wait. If Sherlock wanted, he would blurt it out whenever he felt like it. If he did not want, then John would say it enough times for the both of them, he would say it as many times as it took for Sherlock to believe that he was worthy of love. John did not need to hear the words back to be happy. He heard them in a million other ways every day.
Sherlock interrupts him. “There’s a decon shower next to Artefact Storage and a kitchenette in the lounge. Take this in case you need anything else,” and he tosses a bank card at John, who automatically catches it.
“Perhaps I should have been scared. I don’t remember feeling much of anything, really. I sat there and I watched the stars turn overhead for I don’t know how long. Longer than the night should have lasted, I think, although I didn’t have any way of keeping track of time. Eventually, I fell asleep. When I woke up, the sun was just coming up and the base was a stone’s throw away. I got a right ear-bashing from my CO, and that was the end of my evening walks. The desert didn’t hold much draw for me after that night, anyway.”
“The next time something happened, I was prepping for an emergency appendectomy. I had my back to the room while I scrubbed in, and it was like…like someone had come and turned down the volume knob on the world.
“And if I don’t?” Sherlock asks, still watching John out of the corner of his eye. He's sitting unnaturally still and it bothers Sherlock. He’s hardly moved at all since Sherlock’s arrival. Something’s not right and Sherlock would bet his Belstaff that it has to do with the woman sitting next to him.
He makes his way towards the far end of the gardens. Bessborough Gardens only has one exit at the northwest corner, but there are two gates there now, side by side. John walks through the larger of the two, lost in thought and oblivious to the way the world blurs and shifts as he does so.
Sherlock's voice takes on on a more formal cadence. "Statement of Dr. John H. Watson, formerly Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, regarding... " he paused and looks expectantly at John.
meddling. I want you to leave well enough alone. I don’t care what little games you play with the others. But when you get one of the Web's statements, file it away in your useless little archive and
“If you find the right door, you’ll be able to get back to London, you know,” she says after a minute, looking at him sidelong from under her lashes. “But you
to talk to about his deductions and theories? This preference (he refuses to call it a dependence) isn’t just an anomaly—it borders on liability.
“God, yes. I'd take just about any standard-issue PTSD flashback over this…spooky nonsense. Even if I
“Oh, no. This one found her way to me a long time ago.” She wrinkles her nose in distaste. “We’ve been… intertwined…ever since. I don’t like
quickly enough and they effortlessly slice through the fabric covering her thigh. She sees him looking and winks. He shudders.
Limping up to the entrance of the Magnus Institute, John reflects that he hadn't expected something quite so…
love a bit of drama. Your brother and I have that in common.” His voice changes. Hardens. So do his eyes.
John feels a white-hot urge to punch Sherlock’s name out of that smirking mouth. “What do you want?” he asks warily.
to tell you, but I couldn’t find the words or I was having trouble remembering. And I don’t think it counts if you use spooky mind-control powers on monsters.”
Several meticulously detailed anatomical drawings catch his eye and he notices a small “SH” on the corner of each. The walls are papered in a busy black and white Victorian motif that make him feel a bit claustrophobic.
man who's careened into his life so unexpectedly, and his throat closes up. What can he possibly say that will mean anything close to what he feels? He hopes that his expression communicates at least a fraction of it.
Glancing farther back into the room, Sherlock can see a few boxes stuffed with information gathered from his brief visit to John’s flat that he hasn’t even
. But if John is going to continue his descent into paranoia and madness, he’s damn well going to enjoy the small pleasures he can along the way.
“Johnny-boy!” he says with delight. “Glad you could make it.” He has a light Irish accent. Despite the smile, his eyes remain cold. Assessing. Shark eyes, to be sure.
This is it. He's out of options. “Then I'll stay here where you can keep an eye on me,” he says desperately. “Let John go, he's not got anything to do with this.”
“I’d been abroad for about a year the first time something…weird happened. I was stationed in Kandahar, and the first few months were so chaotic it was all I could to to keep my head. Obviously I’d had training and pulled a few shifts in A&E, but nothing prepares you for the pressure of field surgery.
there.” It’s still looming over John, who hasn’t moved from his bench. He’s leaning forward, elbows on his knees and head in his hands.
“Good enough for me." He reaches for his jacket. "Pass me Mycroft’s card, will you? I’ll pick up something for dinner. Will you be here when I get back, or are you off for the night?”
on John’s gait. With and without the limp. Running, meandering, striding purposefully, shifting his weight from foot to foot. There’s another on the way his hair and eye color change depending on the ambient lighting.
never been in danger while operating before. The dust and the heat and the complete lack of sterility or adequate supplies…it’s a completely different world.
It’s dry. As are the two others he tries. He pulls open a drawer and finds a stubby pencil, which breaks in half as soon as it touches the paper.
Sherlock glares down at the shorter man—Jim. He won’t give this madman the satisfaction of backing away. “You’re an agent of the Web,” he bites out. “Whatever you want, it’s important enough that you’ve enlisted the help of another entitity. From the look of this place, likely the Spiral.” He glances over to the woman sitting on the bench next to John. She wiggles the fingers of her free hand at him in a casual wave.
“I’m surprised to hear you talk like that, about fate and such,” John remarked. “Didn’t think you went in for that sort of thing.”
The door has a white printed sign on it that reads “Storage Room." It looks just like the one in the real Archive. When he finally grits his teeth and opens it, what he finds there is…distressing, for lack of a better word. Not because of the contents, but because of what they portend.
A few people merit more space. Sherlock’s parents have a file box each, since they’re dead and he doesn’t trust Mycroft not to lie if he needs to fill in any gaps. Mycroft himself has nearly a whole shelf, mostly devoted to different ways of annoying him (e.g., forgetting the names and faces of Important People).
In some ways, things were easier before he met Sherlock, but he can’t bring himself to regret it. He shakes his head again, smiling ruefully to himself and getting to his feet.
John takes a moment to think back to last night. When he thinks about pounding down the alleyway after that
I did. I just wanted to let you know how persuasive Eurus can be. She made me think it was all real, that all the strange phenomena our mother talked about was actually true. She had me convinced I had … powers.” He turned to look at John with a serious expression. “I need to warn you, for when you talk to her.”
“What?” Sherlock’s eyes were wide with disbelief. “How is nattering on about my private life helpful?”
A few weeks after the case of Simon and Trent, John received a video via anonymous email. It was a woman sitting at a table with several monks in grey robes—a séance, from the look of it. The woman asked questions, then wrote things on a piece of paper, looking as if she was being controlled rather than doing the writing of her own volition.
Eleven voicemails and a trip to his office (or was it his flat?)—where John had charmed Holmes’s assistant, a sweet woman called Mrs. Hudson—later, John checked his own voicemail to find a message from Holmes himself. The smooth baritone was unexpected but not unwelcome. He called the man back right away and set up a meeting. Twelve hours later, he was back at Holmes’s office/home.
The paranormal community hates him. He isn’t even polite or gracious in his explanations. He’s rude, conceited, egocentric. Not only that, but he somehow knows things about people at a glance, so he tears apart their personal lives while debunking their mysteries.
Sherlock frowned in thought, then shook his head. John lifted his mug to take a sip of tea, then realized it was empty. He decided to get more later and kept reading instead.
The violin cut off and Sherlock whirled around. “Oh, you’re back.” His face was a combination of happiness and … was that relief? Why was he relieved? “I thought–” He cut himself off when he caught sight of Eurus. “What is
The café Simon had named for their meetup was so crowded when they arrived, they almost didn’t find a table. With no sign of their contact yet, John took the opportunity to check out exits and get a couple of coffees. When he returned to their table, Sherlock was having a staring contest with a strange man sat across from him. Before John could fully seat himself, Sherlock stood.
Eurus agreed to the research and declined the tea. John hunted down a USB drive to copy his research on to while she took a look in the file cabinet. They were accompanied throughout by terrible violin noises that sounded more than a little cat-like rather than a musical instrument. Eurus took her leave as soon as they’d gathered everything, promising to be in touch soon.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “The perceived connection between unrelated things. It's the mind's need to make sense of random events. To create patterns no matter how spurious the connection. It's what makes people believe they hear demonic voices when playing certain rock albums backwards. Or what makes the sport fan convinced that a ritual they do can affect the outcome of the game.”
“No. But your body language and tone of voice don’t seem terribly happy at the idea of us moving in.”
One of Holmes’s eyebrows rose, but his blank face otherwise stayed clear. “A former war correspondent who blogs.”
Sherlock muttered and darted around the cave, snapping pictures from different angles. Simon left him to his studies and joined John at the entrance to the cave.
Sherlock stared straight ahead, eyes narrowed as if peering into his own little world. “The truth is important to me,” he replied slowly. “It always has been. It’s why my first degree was in forensic pathology. But the more I learned about the world, the more frustrated I became with the untruths. I hated that people were being deceived because of some silly myth that no one had ever thought to investigate. It’s one thing to make up scary or outlandish stories knowing they’re not true, but when people are being
“But the Order is. Plus, they’re children. They can be convinced they’re doing something great and wonderful.” Simon smiled softly. It was creepy.
A woman slid into the chair across from him. She had chin-length dirty blond hair, a cute upturned nose, and a sardonic smile that reminded him of Sherlock. The only physical feature they shared, though, were light, color-changing eyes. “John Watson,” she said. “Eurus Holmes.” She stuck out a hand, which he shook.
“Thank you for showing us, Maria,” John interrupted before another argument could develop. “Was there anything else you wanted to show us?”
And something in John relaxed. He really would have followed Sherlock wherever, but he was glad he was following him exactly where he himself wanted to go. The hand that had been on Sherlock’s head had slid to his shoulder when he sat up, and John brought it and his other hand up to cup Sherlock’s face. “I’m with you,” he reiterated.
“... has her own problems,” John finished for his acquaintance. His sister had sent him off with a barely used mobile and a shrug. Divorce occupied most of her few sober hours. It was for the better, them not being around each other. He didn’t need her drama bringing him down further, and she certainly didn’t need his.
Why is it always kids these days? Simon, Sammy, and now Katie and Kurt. Kids should be safe at home, not being terrified and used by others. Shit.
Sherlock looked affronted. “Of course. Some people who aren't geniuses have an amazing ability to stimulate it in others. You are one of those people. It’s nothing to scoff at. It’s a rare enough talent, and I’ve found it helpful a number of times.”
“If you know what we’re going to ask, just tell us,” Sherlock demanded, obviously annoyed he wasn’t the only genius in the room. When the silence persisted, he sighed dramatically. “Tell us about Trent’s drawings.”
“One, both Simon’s and Trent’s rooms have surveillance cameras. Trent’s went offline just before he was attacked, but Simon’s showed him as being in his room the entire time.” John tried to tamp down the thrill he felt when talking about the case. It wasn’t exactly normal dinner conversation. He poured them both more wine.
“Whatever it is, it was there when he was five, and again when he was thirty-two,” Sherlock confirmed.
In the past, he’d eventually be picked up by one of Mycroft’s minions who hoped he’d give up some dirt on Sherlock. John actually wished for those days now. Not only had they been simpler, but he thought he could use Mycroft’s advice right then, loath as he was to admit that. Both on how to deal with his younger siblings, but also on what to do with this whole apocalypse thing. Sherlock was keeping schtum on whether the event would actually open gates to hell, and Eurus vacillated on her opinion. John didn’t know what to think. There were so many connections, so much weirdness, that it had to be real, right? But on the other hand, an honest-to-God apocalyptic event? This wasn’t
John rubbed the bridge of his nose, trying not to be a dick about it. He wasn’t sure why he tried. Sherlock was a dick ninety percent of the time, and yet he managed just fine.
Two days after the call, they found themselves in Liverpool, where they stayed the night and waited for coordinates and a time from Simon. The next morning, after a text from Simon, they headed west into Wales. The sat-nav in their hired care pointed them near a town called St Asaph. They followed a small road out of town to an even smaller lane guarded by trees gilded with autumn colors. John wished they were there under better circumstances. The view was breathtaking. Granted, they would never come to such a spot simply for leaf peeping. That was far too prosaic for Sherlock. But it was nice to think about.
The vehemence and frustration in Sherlock’s voice make John pause. He doesn’t seem particularly happy with the suggestion, despite having been the one to voice it. John puts the pink stuffed elephant (now with electric blue stitching on a hind leg) down and turns to look at his best friend. He thinks about what to say.
John swiped behind him, but kept his eyes on the old, unpublished post. “I thought I was going to die, you prat.”
Sherlock turned his head quickly, as if surprised to find John still there. He tempered his grin. “Have you seen the news stories about the victims supposedly being frightened to death in haunted houses all across the city?”
And that was it. John waited sleepily for more to happen and half-heartedly thought up quips and questions to try to understand what was happening, but he fell asleep before he could execute any of them.
“Why did it need to be in there at all? I told you, Victor’s disappearance has nothing to do with my career or the scarlet files.” Sherlock’s face was hard, his hands fisted at his sides, his hair a rumpled mess. He still looked gorgeous, the fucker.
“Even in my late teens? Vi– Victor never mentioned it.” Sherlock was getting better about mentioning his old friend, but it still took effort.
He holds degrees in mythology, psychology and forensic pathology from Oxford, Cambridge and Imperial College London. He had promising career opportunities in all of those fields, but instead he decided to devote himself to debunking the supernatural, offering that huge reward to anyone who could best his methods. Many have tried, but few have succeeded.
Sherlock joined him at some point in the night, and that was it. They were a … Them. Best friends, but also something else. It was physical only in the sense that their limbs brushed each other during restless moments, that they woke with only an inch of space between them. And there was more touching during waking hours, comforting and soft. John took to bussing a kiss to Sherlock’s head when he walked by his chair. Sherlock would slide a hand over John’s shoulder as they passed each other. They sat together on the sofa more often than in their individual chairs. It wasn’t exactly a
he could know we talked to Trent about the drawings.” Sherlock’s voice was sarcastic. “I can do the same tricks. It’s called reading the room.”
“That may be, but now you live with someone who is investigating those scarlet files for his other job, and he could use your help explaining things. Maybe you can see a new solution while you’re at it.”
His fake ominous tone made Sherlock roll his eyes. “A case from a couple of months ago—another reason to not go over it again so soon.” John just smiled innocently, so Sherlock continued with a long-suffering sigh.
John’s sound guy finally got back to him, saying the wailing was definitely organic, but also most likely not a cat, or any other animal he knew of. But it was a singing or calling of some sort, similar to that of a cat.
It was filled with the expected beige files that were in every office around the world. The tab names suggested they were for cases Sherlock had investigated. He closed the drawer and pulled open the one that had snagged his interviewee’s attention. Along with the beige folders used in the drawer above it, this one also contained folders of a deep red color. Just as John was about to grab one, a voice stopped him.
Trent hesitated but then acquiesced. He pulled a notebook out of his desk. John stepped up to Sherlock’s side as he began flipping through the pages. They were the usual teenaged boy subjects—cars, robots, animals—for the first few pages. But then they hit a page covered with the same numbers and symbols from the walls.”
The silence of the cab ride home was finally broken by Sherlock’s intake of breath that always proceeded a lengthy explanation. “John, I … that is, I didn’t mean– I don’t take joy from other people’s pain and death. I just … I’m not … I’m. Sorry.” He finally moved his gaze from the window to John. “I’m glad I have you around. To remind me.”
It’s … more than he’d ever dreamed of. Mary had been her mother, and she’d never been cold or unfeeling toward Rosie, but she’d never been as vivacious with her daughter as Sherlock is towards his goddaughter. And John doesn’t blame Mary for her behavior. The first few months after birth are hard on a new parent. They’d both been exhausted most of the time. And Mary had worries about her past catching up with her on top of that. So maybe, given time, Mary would have shown as much joie de vivre in having Rosie around as Sherlock shows. Or maybe, this is something only a part-time uncle-like figure could feel for a child. He can give her back at the end of the day, after all. John certainly spends most of his time feeling like he’s been hit by a wrecking ball, no matter how much love and pride he feels for his daughter. Really, it’s apples to oranges and completely unfair to force a comparison.
“I always thought you threw a wobbly over Mycroft because he’s a nosy git and just plain annoying, but Eurus is a perfectly fine person. So, it’s not Mycroft that upsets you, it’s me talking to your siblings. Paying attention to
John opened his mouth but nothing came out. He panicked. It seemed like anything he’d say would implicate him somehow. Especially to a Holmes. Not that sitting there with his mouth open was helping. He pointed a finger at her. “Not a word.”
Sorry, I’m a little scattered. Hard to know what to write on the possible last night of your life. I guess I just want to say, thank you for following along with me. It’s been fun. I’ve learned so much, from you and from Sherlock. I’m glad I got to share a little of him with the world and even gladder he’s in my life at all.
“Not that I’m not a fan of falling leaves and fireplaces, but why did you have the window open to begin with? It’s October.”
“One of them died on the base due to a staph infection, the other four died in a mountain climbing expedition, six months after their contract ended.” He paused for a sip of tea, then continued. “But it had nothing to do with the Unsound; it was merely a combination of bad luck and unsafe climbing conditions. The urban legend itself formed
But this is different. For instance, I recently learned about a monk who supposedly made a deal with the devil to help him create an illuminated bible, then a week later I’m learning about a composer who wrote music about Faustian bargains. Okay, that seems a little thin now that I write it. Faustian bargains are a popular theme in music and literature—yes, Sherlock, I listened to you—but that’s just one example. This has been happening constantly since I started researching the paranormal.
“Yeah, for as long as I can remember,” she said, settling into John’s chair, while he and Sherlock took the sofa—the two of them gravitating to each other without thought ever since Sherlock’s first night in John’s bed.
John looked at his laptop screen, video frozen, once more before nodding. “Yeah, I could use a beer.”
“Victor told us very vague things that would easily fit into many evil plots. Eurus’s research is faulty because she’s working backwards. She will see connections where none exist.”
“It’s a common enough theme in music and literature, John,” Sherlock replied with a longsuffering, pained face.
“I can’t see a connection either, but why is all of this coming up now? Was Victor the beginning, where all of this strangeness started?”
. But there was neither word from nor sight of the eldest Holmes sibling. So, they were on their own. Even Simon had gone radio silent; who knew of they’d ever see or hear from him again, now that they doing his work for him.
Yes, I pulled a Tolkien (or was it GRRM??? Someone wrote a battle scene where the POV character is knocked out so the author could avoid writing the battle itself) and kept John both distracted and knocked out for part of the action. I really don’t even know how I got this far in writing this story. I’m definitely not one who usually writes action or plotty stories. And I’ve definitely never written anything this long. O_O Sorry if this chapter is a let-down …
He warred with himself on which track to follow. His journalistic curiosity won out. If they really were to be friends, he could ask more about Sherlock’s romantic inclinations later.
Sherlock put down his tea and passed it to John. While John skimmed the top page, case notes on a Robert Torres, Sherlock got up and booted a laptop on his desk. He motioned John over. “DVD?”
“Believe me or not, but we can agree that some shadowy organization is after you for unsavory purposes. Wouldn’t it be better to try to stop them?”
“I was meant to be only one part of the portal opening. They wanted me there physically, but that doesn’t mean they gave me a full write-up of their plans.”
John nudged him none too softly in the side and shook his head. Sherlock rolled his eyes but kept further disparaging remarks to himself.
“Ah, a new case of ‘teleportation’?” After a wave at his plate from John, Sherlock picked up his fork and took a bite, then dug in. He loved curry when he actually deigned to eat it.
Sherlock’s face grew harder and his back straighter the longer Simon talked. His hands were clenched so tightly the knuckles and the tendons were stark white. “You’re wrong. My abilities are my own. I earned them through practice and learning.”
“Your followers are conspiracy nuts and readers who enjoy adding unnecessary drama to an otherwise cut-and-dry story. All they’ll do is come up with more out-of-this-world explanations.”
“Right. Yeah. Mike. Of course.” Mike hadn’t been the best journalist in their class, but he’d been a decent study partner and mate. There were worse people to run into. John tried to look friendly. “How are you?”
John gave a low chuckle. “Works for me. But for now … I love you, and I’ll be with you until the end, alright? I’ll have your back, tomorrow and always.”
John steeled himself. “Actually no. Getting shot kind of puts you out of the game. At least when it leaves you with a limp and a hand tremor.” He gave a tight smile. “I’m back in London for good. Or, at least, until my finances dry up enough that I have to leave. London isn’t cheap.”
It’s normal to learn about a friend’s history slowly over time. It’s not like we walk around with a file folder with our entire life stories that we give to new friends to read. And I’m fine with that. That’s one of the fun parts about a new friendship, learning what makes them tick. But with Sherlock, he knows all about you in thirty seconds. He can read your history in the set of your shoulders, the colour of your tie, the music you listen to when you’re stressed. And it’s amazing to see, no doubt, but it’s also frustrating and one sided. He knows so much about me, while I know so little about him. So, when I was tipped off about a person in Sherlock’s past, I just had to investigate.
Seeing the two mugs, Sherlock scowled and sat as well. “I’ll go back to my room if all you’re going to do is extoll her many virtues.”
John is complaining about not having the correct color of thread when Sherlock slams his laptop shut. “Why don’t you just move in for real? Then you’d have whatever color of thread you’d need at your disposal!”
“Eurus. I can tell you’re quite taken with her. But I don’t want to listen about how she’s funnier and kinder and smarter and–”
“I don’t know, John!” Sherlock shoved his fingers into his hair and curled his body in on itself. His next words were muffled but audible. “I
“True,” she conceded, but her brow furrowed. “That tempo, though. And the key. It’s not … there’s something about it.” She rubbed a hand on her chin in thought.
Sherlock worried his lip as he stared into his tea as if it could give him the answers. “That part is … troubling,” he finally said.
“Do you really think you used pure logic to debunk all of your cases? That you were never led to the right place, the right idea, because of a feeling? A random thought that just popped in your head? How about the way you read people like books?”
They finished their meal in silence while John attempted to calm his temper before it exploded. He could see why so many people in the paranormal community had such a hard time getting along with Sherlock Holmes.
was your brother doing this whole time?” John tried to pin Sherlock with a frown, but it slid off him.
It’s another quiet evening in. They’d spent the day (all three) investigating a jewel robbery. Rosie drops off during her dinner and sleeps through her bath. Sherlock orders take-away while John takes care of Rosie, and now they sit on the sofa watching a nature program neither is paying attention to—John is stitching a tear in Rosie’s favorite toy while Sherlock reads up on leptospirosis (who knows why).
The next few days proved uneventful, with no news on Maddie or the Hochmans, and no further emails or calls about freaky happenings around children. It gave John time to concentrate on the Unsound, which he was still researching while he waited for Keith Dabic to get in touch.
Sherlock had been a suspect, of course. He was the only one Victor knew in the tiny town they’d stopped in. But he was cleared in only a few days, and the blame had been put on a drifter that had been in the area. And that had been it.
“We’re not children, we can handle this ourselves.” Sherlock pouted. It was kinda cute when aimed at someone else.
“Fine.” He sighed and steepled his hands in front of his face. “Those are cases I don't have the resources or technology to disprove.
This time, John had proof—seen by Sherlock almost a year ago—that Wendy wasn’t making things up based on Sammy’s case. Via emails with Wendy, John learned that like both Sammy and Katie, shadows had been seen near Kurt almost since his birth. And the same double circle and pentagram symbol had been found carved under his cot.
John cleared his throat. “Both, actually. Your name is an oft-spoken one in the paranormal community. After the third mention of you during some of my interviews, I looked you up. Found your website,
There’s a tiny gasp, and then “Would it help with Rosie’s need for a room?” Tiny puffs of air on his cheek.
“Not your housekeeper, dear!” she volleyed back as she wiped down the worktop in the kitchen. John fought a grin.
John was glad he was positioning things on the tray, or he would’ve given himself away by glancing at Sherlock. “Experiment.” He picked up the tray and headed for the sitting room.
“Oh god,” Wolfgang murmured. He turned the camera to a wall painted black. But then he turned on the light.
“I’ve been studying sacred geometry and the cave paintings. I have a fairly good idea of their plans.”
Sherlock leaned over John’s shoulder to take control of the computer and zoom in on the first photo. John concentrated on the idea of a blood-soaked and scary symbol-covered wall to keep his traitorous body from reacting.
Sherlock Holmes on a case is a sight to behold. His quick mind catches everything of import in the room, and not a single lie is safe. He’s cutting and intelligent, quick and blunt. His eyes glitter, and his ridiculous coat swirls dramatically. Like I said, a sight to behold. Sherlock Holmes without a case, however, is a right tosser. What does this have to do with the Unsound case I promised you last week? Well, it turns out life as a paranormal investigator is fairly busy. At least, it is for the renowned Sherlock Holmes. So it wasn’t until we had a slow day that I was able to convince him to tell me about this case.
“Hmmm. A doctor.” Sherlock tilted his head. “I can see that. Though I wouldn’t have my blogger if you’d gone that direction.”
Sherlock dropped his arm enough to peak out from behind it. Whatever showed on John’s face made him sit up to face him. He said, slowly, “We can’t leave innocent children to the machinations of madmen.”
“Like the Salem Witch Trials?” guessed John. “One person being ‘infected’ and passing it on to the next?” That earned him a small smile of approval. John felt his stomach flip but ignored it.
He took his leave soon after, citing fatigue, but when he returned to his flat, he didn’t go to bed. His mind raced, going over the events of the evening and the scarlet file case over and over. Unable to sleep, he ended up doing as much internet research as he could. He finally dropped off around dawn, after sending an email to Mike concerning the new angle the blog series was taking and asking for his advice on getting in touch with Torres.
“Mmm. The same cannot be said about most journalists, you know.” John could feel Sherlock relaxing next to him.
“All of these years saying nothing, and now he randomly decides to confess and attack another person?”
“And she’s an adult, capable of choosing what situations to place herself in. If she wants to come and help, that’s her decision.” John tried to give his sternest frown.
Sherlock shoved long fingers through his curls, face pinched. “Because every bit of it defies the logic and science that define who I am and what I do. Because it’s a ridiculous mess that doesn’t deserve my attention. Because it’s a waste of time!”
Victor’s expression fell, then became resigned. He nodded. “If I’d been able to do it another way, I would have, but they … I needed to get away. From you. To keep you safe.”
“I didn’t want give you another thing to worry about. I wasn’t sure it would work. I’m still not quite done with it. It might not work.” Sherlock bit his lip and fidgeted with the sleeves of his dressing gown. John hadn’t seen him so insecure since … well, since they’d become a couple, or whatever it was they were.
Sherlock, indeed the drama queen, was collapsed picturesquely on the sofa, one arm dangling toward the floor, the other posed (oh, most definitely posed) on his forehead. He still wore his pajamas, despite it being mid-afternoon, covered with a silky dressing gown that draped perfectly around his body. John tried not to smile. It’d been three days since he’d moved in, and he’d mostly spent the time talking to the insurance company, buying new clothes and electronics, and getting himself settled in his new home. Sherlock likewise had been busy doing … whatever it was he did for his job. There had been lab equipment on the kitchen table that had at one point been abandoned for three hours while Sherlock dashed out of the flat to who knew where. This was their first day really sharing a living space.
“No, even when I believed, I was mostly frustrated that so much of the myth made no sense unless you believed in magic, which I’d seen no evidence of to that point. Even
After a few weeks, they begin spending two nights a week at Baker Street. Toys have migrated from Chiswick to Baker Street, as have clothes. The flat is always clean now, but just as warm and homey as it’s always felt to John. John thinks he sees sadness on Sherlock when they leave the flat and happiness when they arrive, but he’s still not great at reading his friend. It could just be that Sherlock’s as lonely and bored as John is, nothing more.
Well, there wasn’t much he could do now. He needed to get ready. He’d worry about fixing things with Sherlock later.
They pulled off the side of the road and waited for Simon. John got out of the car. If he was going to be forced to drive four hours from home, he was going to get some pretty pictures out of it. For once he was glad Harry had given him an expensive phone with a camera.
John dropped his head back against his chair in frustration. “I think you use apophenia too often as a crutch.” He sat up straight. “What if you die in the next ten months? You listened to it when investigating this case two months back, didn’t you?”
He continued tidying for a while but came to sit in the same chair as he had last time when Mrs. Hudson brought in the tea. John took the chair opposite—it was a nice, comfortable chair that seemed to mold to his frame perfectly. The three chatted until the time for the interview approached, then Mrs. Hudson left, saying she’d “leave you boys to your work.”
He let Anderson whine and complain a while longer before taking his leave. He then went directly home and started researching Holmes. Here was a man he could get behind—a real investigator, with proven methods, a stellar track record, and a possibly interesting backstory, if his current odd career and the reward money were any indication. The next day, he’d talked Mike into letting him interview the man, which proved harder than expected, but John was too intrigued to give up.
“Keith Dabic, he’s the guitarist for a metal band out of Glasgow called Hastur Rising. Heard of it?” John shook his head. “Not surprising. Their music is terrible. Anyway. Dabic contacted me after the band’s lead singer, Jeff Wendt, committed suicide by hammering a knife into his chest with a polo mallet.”
By mutual tacit agreement, John stood at the entrance of the small cave, his focus split between the entrance—in case of evil lackeys trying to block them in—and Simon and Sherlock at the back of the cave—in case of evil Simon.
“Cor, Sherlock.  You gave me a fright.  Almost made me spill.  Now sit down since you’re in here, and eat up.”
He took another drag on his half-smoked cigarette.  If the ballet director could see him smoking…  he grinned to himself.  Lestrade’s spiky silver hair would practically be vibrating with rage, his dark eyes flashing.  “Every time you smoke you take inches off your leaps.  The nicotine weighs you down!”
John’s voice caught in his throat.  He knew that Mycroft had been here, and talked with Sherlock yesterday.  It was on his chart.  Obviously this is what the doctor had mentioned, that the anesthesia jumbled Sherlock’s memories.
John rolled his eyes so hard he may have actually seen his own brain stem.  “Great.  Just bloody great.”
They searched, but nothing leapt out.  John went to look at the cold case files with Lestrade.  “OK.  Taxidermy.  Animals.  Dead animals.  Do any of these cases have anything to do with animals?”
The stab of the needle was usually nothing more than an annoyance, but this time… ohhhh this time it hurt.  It was fire, it was ice, it was painful.  Sherlock bit his lip and nearly hyperventilated.  He was an idiot.  Why did he DO that?
He could see her hands in his mind.  Long white fingers wrapped around him, strong palms, fingertips roughened by years against the violin strings.  Before he could register what he was seeing he came with a strangled cry and fell back against the pillows.
Sherlock continued.  “I sent Rhys away.  He’s a fine man, and deserves the best.  He deserves someone who can love him wholeheartedly, and that’s not me.”
“Alright then?  Out you go.  Here’s your towel and your robe- are you ok to finish up?  I’ll go get your medicine and meet you in your room.”  John practically fled the bathroom.
He awoke with a start, alerted by movement and a gasp from the sofa.  Sherlock was sitting up, looking fairly mussed, but better than he had since he came home from the hospital.
Sherlock glanced at the drunken duo and shook his head.  Evidently he was in one of his silent modes tonight.
Since leaving the ballet, he’d invested in this tattoo parlour, 221B.  221 separate ballet productions, all B-hind him.  The name was ridiculous, but it helped that it was also the address of the shop.  He could pretend it had no meaning.
John nodded and sat in the chair next to the bed.  He told Sherlock about the bears, and the taxidermy revelation.  He filled in what he knew about Sherlock’s beatings from what Lestrade had told him.  He talked about how they’d gone to the taxidermy shop, then the boathouse, deliberately leaving out the ‘John-centric’ parts, even against Sherlock‘s wishes.  He told him about how they’d gotten him to the hospital.
All in all, though, Operation Bad Cop was a qualified success.  It had been months since John saw the desperation in Sherlock’s eyes, the shake in his hands.  He wasn’t sunshine and lollipops, although John did keep the flat stocked with snacks, including pretzel sticks and lollipops, to assuage Sherlock’s oral fixation, but he wasn’t crazed, and John began to breathe a little easier.
“Of course not!  We had the most interesting double homicide on Carnaby Street.  A shopowner was strangled with a pair of fishnet tights, and the shopgirl with a vintage Mary Quant miniskirt.  It was devilishly complex.”
“No you’re not.  He’s talked about you.  Here’s your change.”  The girl had been writing while John struggled with his introduction, and handed him the tattered paper.  He pressed the whole bundle of Mycroft’s money into her hand.  “Thank you” he whispered, and jogged back to the car, wondering about what she’d said.
At the end of her introduction, to quiet applause, the cellist walked from the back of the room and took his seat in the curve of the piano, instrument between his knees.  He looked up and beamed at Mummy and John heard the quiet intake of breath from all corners of the room.
John knew that part of addiction was boredom.  He’d never accuse an addict of “just” being bored, but he knew that boredom let the mind wander, and a wandering mind can go down some dark alleys.  So step one in Operation Bad Cop was to keep Sherlock from being bored.
“Oh shit.  Let me help you.”  He rushed to the sofa, and gently helped Sherlock recline.  “You’ve got to breathe, evenly.  No gasping.”  He ran his hands gently under Sherlock’s shirt, over his ribcage, testing the bandages and the breaks.  That seemed fine.  Then the bandage over his incision… it was loose.  He pulled up the shirt and was not surprised to see fresh blood seeping out.
If Lestrade had a thing against cigarettes, it was NOTHING compared to his annoyance at Sherlock’s tattoos.  He had a few even before he left the troupe, and it was always a pain to cover them up.  Costumes didn’t always cover them, and most times he sweat through any makeup.  His partners complained that he smeared their leotards with it, adding to the expanding list of reasons they wouldn’t dance with him.
As Rihanna sang, the rig over Sherlock’s head opened and water rained down, drenching him and the backup dancers.  He stood with his arms open and fists clenched, face to the rain and thighs quivering.
“Hair stuck up in the back, like a hedgehog- laid down on your bed for a bit.  Skin not flushed, so not a wank.  Left ear red, right not, you were on the phone.  Insufferable grin- you were on the phone with a woman.  Not wearing your date shoes, so nothing on tonight.  I already know you are seeing Harry tomorrow night, so nothing then.  Deduction- you’ve set up a date for Friday night.”
“Right then.  Assuming he’s lucid when he awakes, we’ll be releasing him at about 3pm.  We’d have released him yesterday, but the anesthesia didn’t wear off as quickly as we’d hoped.  He woke a few times, and spoke, but didn’t remember anything afterwards.  It isn’t a worry, just a bit of an anomaly on his chart.”
He grabbed his jacket and headed toward the door.  Before he left though, he pulled the photos from the envelope and left it, the last photo, and the note on the sideboard.  No need to involve Greg in THAT.
“Under normal circumstances, I’d wholeheartedly agree.  But right now you can’t stand unaided, and you can’t sit in a tub for fear of submerging your incision.  Your choices are have me help you, or wallow in your own stench.  I cannot believe I’m saying this, but my vote is for less stench.”
“You were badly injured, Sherlock.  You have broken ribs, your ankle is damaged, you had to have surgery to stop internal bleeding.  Today is Wednesday.  You can go home today, if you think you’re up for it.”
“You sent him away because of me?  Because of what I did last night?  I’m so sorry, Sherlock, I don’t know what I said or…”
Sherlock breathed again, against John’s ear, and smiled to see the reaction in John’s cock.  He moved his hands down John’s thighs as far as he could, palm to skin, pressing as far as he could reach.  Then back up to John’s shoulders, crossing so that he ended up wrapping him tightly in an embrace.  As his arms tightened, so did his legs, engulfing his blogger, feeling as much as he could.
“But I need YOU!  You said it yourself, you’re the best!  If you don’t dance, nobody will see my work!”
When the song ended he couldn’t look up.  What was Ella going to say?  He’d laid himself bare like he never had before.  His sister’s pain, his own longing, his anger, his disgust, it was all there.  How was he supposed to act now?  He’d held everything so close to his chest since the attack, and here it was, in the sunlight, waiting to be critiqued.  He didn’t know if he could bear rejection.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at John and headed down the hall.  “Oh John” he said, “you’ll find your rooms are in the east wing,  last on the left.”
His stomach flipped and tightened, and he suddenly forgot how to breathe.  The look on John’s face.  He’d never seen it before, but Sherlock knew he’d give anything to see it again.
Despite his assurances, John was worried about Sherlock and what would happen if there was no case before he left.  He’d spent so much energy keeping Sherlock’s mind occupied over the past few months, he wasn’t sure what would happen if Sherlock had to go, for lack of a better term, cold turkey.  Not for the first time, John found himself wishing for a nice juicy murder.  Oh God.  What had he become?
Sherlock reached to the nightstand and pulled back with some lube.  He raised up just a bit, enough to lube their cocks just a touch.  He laid back down and began to thrust his hips.
Gradually he spread her cheeks and she gasped.  He began running his tongue up and down her cleft, making her moan softly and writhe.  Still licking, his fingers found her clit, stroking gently, getting her more and more into it.  Finally, he began fucking her with the same fingers as he licked further and further down her skin.
.  John couldn’t even hazard a connection, although he did make sure to put Mycroft’s umbrella in his room whenever possible, just to make sure Sherlock didn’t “accidentally” spill acid on it, or set it on fire, or break it into a thousand pieces by testing its tensile strength when wet vs. dry.  He could use the Primark brollies for those experiments.
Doctor Watson understood.  John Watson had a harder time with it, but finally acquiesced.  He let Mycroft’s towncar take him back to 221B.
They continued like that for a few minutes, Sherlock gently stroking John’s skin with the cloth, steam swirling in the small room.  Quiet.
“So, tell me.  You don’t like church, but you like churches.  You say you go to churches to feel like someone cares about you.  You do know that’s why most people go, right?  Because they believe in a higher power that loves unconditionally?”
An irritated noise came from behind them.  “John, if you’re quite through with your juvenile advances toward my mother,” Sherlock spat out, “we should see about getting you something to eat.  The scotch in the limousine obviously went right to your head.”
When she tightened her grip and began to stroke and press into him even deeper, he bore down and reached as far as he could.  As a doctor, he knew what he was trying for, but just…couldn’t…reach.  So he began to pump his hips in earnest as he fucked his hand harder and faster.
They began to walk again, closer together, Mummy having slipped her arm from his and put it instead around his waist, as if tired.  When he wrapped his arm around her shoulder, she smiled.
Sherlock’s days blurred.  It didn’t even bother him anymore, that he wasn’t onstage.  At least, that’s what he told himself every time he stepped into 221B.
He looked around the room frantically, had anyone seen?  What was he going to do?  Did Sherlock know or was he still blissfully drugged and unaware?
John‘s eyes widened even further.  “Oh yes,” Mummy said with a wicked smile.  “I believe Sherlock is right up Rhys’ alley, don’t you?”
John turned.  “Close.  Close.  But no.  I’ve not set up a date for Friday night, I’ve set up a mini-break with Sarah over the bank holiday.  We’re going to the Isle of Wight, leaving Friday after work and getting back Monday afternoon.”
“What?  John?  John-in-jumpers, John with sick on him from the clinic, would-you-like-some-tea John?  Drunken, shouting John?”  Rhys’ green eyes flashed as he worked himself up.  “But what about… this?”  He waved his arms around.  “We haven’t even started yet.  We’re two of a kind, Sherlock.  We FIT.  We could play duets together forever.  Go on tour, see the world.  Together.  You can’t have that sort of extraordinary life with John.  What would you have?”
“Why?  Why do I have to be the one to change?  It’s not my fault she dances like an ostrich.  Did you see her frame?  That alone should have gotten her dismissed, but then she danced…”
“Yes.  Something is terribly wrong, and if I don’t fix it…”  Sherlock couldn’t finish the sentence.  How could he say “If I don’t fix it I’ll die” to Rhys?
Told you chapter 1 was just to get me in the mood.  Now John and Sarah are on mini-break.  How's THAT going for them?
He paused, looking at her marvelous tits.  His mouth watered a bit as he lowered it to her and began lavishing attention- kissing and licking his way around, intentionally bypassing her nipples for now.  He raised one hand and began squeezing and rubbing the breast not covered with his kisses, but ignoring the nipple there as well.  After a moment, he switched, moving his lips across her, slowly and deliberately.
The taxidermy shop is real too- "Get Stuffed."  I do not imply they do anything nefarious there, I just needed an address.
The two men bucked together, moaning and panting, gradually relaxing and slumping against one another.
As John listened to the words he wrote, he felt them in a new way.  It was like finding there was another dimension past 3D.  He could feel the music in his muscles, and his muscles demanded movement.  He reached out for Sherlock’s waist as they danced.
“Let’s put the song on the good speakers- we can hook it up, and then go get a cuppa.  Sherlock will be a while, he takes forever to get ready, such a Prima Donna.”
He closed his door and sat on his bed.  His head ached with thinking.  He drank his tea and thought some more, then remembered his letter.
He was bored.  He was still a little hung over.  He was still a little out of sorts.  He wanted to go home.
John laughed.  “Sherlock?  Delicate and romantic?  Are we talking about the same man?  He’s reduced schoolmarms to tears and driven police officers to distraction.  He doesn’t have a delicate bone in his body!”
When John was fully relaxed, Sherlock stopped.  “Take a few minutes more to soak, and then come into the bedroom.  Don’t let the water get cold, you’ll tense up again.”
He leaped and ran, flying to each corner of the church like he was trying to escape, only to be held back by some unseen force.
Sherlock kept his left hand on John's thigh, and moved his right to gently encircle John's cock.  A moan from John at the touch drew one from Sherlock as well, and for a moment neither man moved.  Sherlock had had John in his mouth before, but this... this was more.  More intimate, more exciting, closer and deeper.  The thought made his breath catch and his eyelids flutter.
John turned slowly.  “Um.  I did.  You must have forgotten with the anesthesia and all.  I told you that Mycroft figured out the taxidermy connection and we talked to a homeless person and went into the taxidermy shop.  Then we went to the boathouse.  I told you.”  He set the glass and the pills on the table, but remained standing.
By the time he returned to Baker Street Monday night, with a bag full of Chinese take away, he was done in.  Flu season was starting, and, as every doctor knows, when flu season starts, hypochondria season is fast on its heels.  John spent two days straight reassuring people that they had the sniffles, not the plague, not ebola and, in response to  one spectacular case of “I read it on the Internet, it must be true” he convinced a Mr. Doyle that he most definitely did NOT have anoplocephala perfoliata, as that was a tapeworm only found in HORSES.
“Ohhh mygod Sherlock.  I’m sorry.  I got carried away, and you’re so bloody hot, I’m sorry, please forgive me I should never have…”
Operation Bad Cop.  John knew it didn’t have anything to do with what he was trying to achieve, but he always wanted to be the Bad Cop.
John had been on the receiving end of many blowjobs before, and each one was different, some better than others, but this one put them all to shame.  Sherlock’s tongue running up and down the shaft, slowly, deliberately, never breaking that singular gaze.  He avoided John’s balls for now, focusing entirely on his mouth on John’s cock.
“It wasn’t JUST acid, John, it was Bascal-S, a deliming agent and pickle acid used in taxidermy.  It looks like he was trying to separate the compounds found on these fingertips and stumbled onto it.”
John flushed, and darted his eyes to Sherlock.  Surprisingly, the detective didn’t even seem to notice his mother‘s request, having already sat back down to continue his discussion.
John nodded.  “Ok.  Can you tell which one he was working on most recently?  Has he written on anything?”
“The most puzzling thing about all of this is the rashness of your actions.  Here you are, planning a whole campaign to keep me from making a rash decision- the diversions, the food, the… caring, but yet, you willingly went down into one of the dodgiest areas in London, alone.  You beat a man senseless to gain information, you were willing to resort to violence against fellow medical personnel.  These are all very rash actions.  You are not a rash person, John, what...”
John raised an eyebrow, but complied.  He sank into the heat and the foam and sighed.  As he did, Sherlock removed his own shirt and slacks, but kept his pants on.  He got a clean flannel from the cupboard and wet it.  Slowly, he began to run the cloth over John’s shoulders and the back of his neck.
Sherlock winced a little as the needle pierced the skin of his side.  It wasn’t so bad, getting another tattoo, but every once in a while, the needle glanced off a rib.  Eventually the pain would roll into a dull ache, and he could go back to his Mind Palace, but not yet.
“No need.  Rhys was here already, so he went with me.  Quite helpful too, pointed out some bits that other people would have missed.”
John tried to catch up.  “But this whole time- you ignored me.  You didn’t call me for a case, you TOUCHED him, you SLEPT with him, you let him touch YOU.”
“That’s a tall order, sounds like this song will have a lot of emotion, and I can’t say that expressing emotion is something that comes easily to you. Sounds like a challenge.”
“If we add an eighth note rest to measure 34, then the triplet in measure 35 will flow more smoothly,” he said.  “Don’t you agree?”
“I don’t want to see my flat mate become another one of my mother’s conquests.”  Sherlock hissed.  “It’s bad enough we’re going to have to endure this recital by her latest peccadillo, I couldn’t bear the thought of you two…”  He didn’t finish his sentence, but John’s eyes widened anyway.
John coughed, as always, uncomfortable discussing his time in the military.  “Yes, shot in the shoulder I’m afraid.  Not enough to kill me, just enough to keep me out of the lineup.”  He found that making light of what was actually a life-threatening injury was the best way to handle it.
None of the Holmes family was in attendance, so John made small talk with a few straggling guests and the housekeeper.  He walked around the gardens, he perused the books in the library.
The dreadful sounds from the bathroom stopped, so Sherlock ventured in with a glass of water and a clean flannel.  John was sitting on the floor, head in his hands, elbows on his knees.
It took ages, and one potentially embarrassing wrong door (Thank goodness Auntie Vera IS deaf) before John found his room.  It was nice, he thought.  A bit larger than his room in 221B, a bit smaller than the parlor.  A queen bed filled much of the space, with a comfortable chair and wardrobe as well.  He was pleased to see his suitcase had been unpacked, his pajamas laid out on the coverlet, his shaving kit visible on the bathroom counter.
John practically skipped down the stairs from his room that Wednesday evening.  He was grinning to himself and looking incredibly smug.
Sherlock wiped his face with a towel.  His practice studio was warm and humid, he’d been dancing for hours, just by himself, to music he alone heard.  He threw a t-shirt on, and a pair of trainers.  He looked down at his tights, they were ancient, ratty, and from a distance you couldn’t even tell he was wearing them.  He shrugged and left, grabbing his car keys and slippers as he ran out the door, too excited to change, hoping that finally something would be interesting.
“Wot? No! Why doesn’t anybody believe me?  I’M NOT GAY.  Besides- Sherlock’s got a new fffriend.”  John sounded just like Sherlock had at Baskerville, in front of the fire.  “They’re probably shagging now.  Sherlock and Rhys.  Rhys.  Reeeeees.  What the bloody hell kind of name is Rhys anyway?  Should be pronounced Errr-hiss.   Errr-hiss the musician.  Err-hiss the detective.  Err-hiss the boyfriend.”
That was all it took to send Sherlock over the edge.  He struggled to keep his eyes open, John was gorgeous and sexy and so very NOT ordinary.  He must remember to tell…  and then his mind was blank.  He gasped and screwed his eyes shut as his own orgasm raced through him, and he collapsed.
He finished unzipping the dress and let it fall to the floor.  Mummy stepped delicately out of it, and turned to face him.  Instead of a bra, she wore a basque, that gorgeous long corset that displayed her breasts and whittled her waist.  Matching panties peeked out from behind garter straps, and nearly invisible stockings embraced her thighs.
John strode confidently into the parlor, and was greeted by the sight of two fresh mugs of tea on the coffee table, and Sherlock on the couch.  He looked around for Rhys, or Mrs. Hudson, or anyone else who might have been hiding.
The song progressed and Sherlock’s dancing became more provocative, he planted his feet wide apart and held the umbrella between his thighs, leaving little doubt what he was miming.  His full body rolls matched those of the backup dancers, making John shake his head in amazement.
He stopped outside Sherlock’s door to calm down.  It would do no good to be angry in there, it wouldn’t help at all.  He took a deep breath and stepped in.
“Look Mols, here’s the thing.  Sherlock is a great arse, yeh?  Lord knows I want to punch him in his posh face more often than not, but he’s usually right about stuff like this.  I don’t know much about ballet, but I know that what of it I’ve seen is better with him in it.  When I was just startin’ out in the promotion business, I hung around with Lestrade, and I’d wait for him to get done rehearsin’ his company.  One week, there were two guys tryin’ for the same spot, one of them was really good, I thought he’d get it for sure.  Then the other guy came out and just blew it all away.  Couldn’t take my eyes off ‘im.  He did things different than the first guy, but it worked out… I dunno.  Better.  Now I know it was Sherlock, and the other guy was Anderson, you know- the one who’s in the spotlight at the National now.  Well, he didn’t like the steps Sherlock was doin’ or somethin’ and got uppity.  Now you know there’s nobody that out-uppity’s Sherlock, so he let loose.  Mols- it was like watchin’ somebody sandblast a saltine cracker.  Pointed out every mistake, every bobble, everythin’ that Anderson had ever done wrong in his life it seemed.  Then he looked at Lestrade.  Poor Greg.  He knew Sherlock was right, but he couldn’t let him treat another company member like that, so he gave the part to Anderson, just to teach Sherlock a lesson.  Well, two weeks later, Greg tells me over pints that Anderson kept dancin’ just how he had in the audition, never takin’ Sherlock’s ‘advice’ to heart, came down wrong, dropped his partner, and broke his ankle.  Sherlock stepped in, did whatever the heck he wanted, and saved the show.”
John raised an eyebrow at the familiar phrasing.  Did all Holmes family members have that weird telepathy thing going on?
John breathed deeply and thought for a moment, then leaned in for another kiss.  He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s skinny torso, but dropped them when Sherlock gasped.  “Oh shit, I’m sorry, I…”
“John was in a right state last night.  This… thing… of yours with Rhys has really thrown him for a loop.  Be… gentle with him today.”
He pried one eye open, and wished he hadn’t.  London seemed to have been transported to the surface of the sun, judging by the brightness.  He vaguely wondered if he could just stay in bed and roast to death.
John’s head lolled back against Sherlock’s shoulder, and he squirmed gently, his cock at full attention.
Greg sighed.  “Sherlock, please help me get him to his room.  I don’t think you want him down here tonight.”
“Right.  Well, I wanted to drop these off.  John left them in the cab last night.  Not bad shots actually.  You two clean up nicely.  And if your mum ever needs the Yard’s assistance with ANYTHING…”  He winked and smiled, then turned serious.  “Look, Sherlock, I know it’s not really my business,”
Sherlock continued to writhe as he came completely silently, his eyes wide open and trained on John’s face.
The shower was good.  It took a few minutes to get there, and a few more minutes standing in front of the toilet while he debated having his own sick-up, but the shower was good.  When John emerged, he felt almost human.
Soon they were both sweating, and Sherlock pulled off the t once again.  John’s button down felt constricting around his neck, so he pulled it open.
Mummy pushed him back on the bed, toward the lavish headboard.  Reality of the morning and dreams of the previous night were merging.
“I don’t think Sarah would be all that chuffed to see me, but thanks anyway.  I’m staying right here.”
