“Cas,” Dean said firmly, “come here.”  Cas sat down next to him and Dean continued, “I have no history with them.  I don’t share any of the painful memories.  There’s no baggage.  They can be freer with me because I only know these versions of your mom and dad.  I don’t know who they were before Jimmy died.  They can be lighter with me for the same reasons it’s easier to talk to a therapist than your family or friends.”
Dean sat back in the chair and explained his reasoning to Cas one more time. “It’s better than leading them on. I lay it all out for them, so it’s their choice.” He wondered if Cas would finally accept this was just the way Dean was or if they would endlessly have this discussion. He was pretty sure he knew the answer, but still he could hope.
Cutting Crowley off, Sam emphatically said, “Nobody wants to see that.” Turning back to Bobby, Sam addressed the previous topic. “I agree. Heaven would not do this. The angels weren’t exactly altruistic.” Sam began flipping through the small book. “From what Samandriel told us, we knew Cas was special and had always cared. But I never thought it went this far.” The conversation tailed off as everyone got back to work. The black book remained in Sam’s possession. The younger Winchester pored over every page. Noting the amazing capabilities of his long-time friend. Despite their years together, Sam realized they knew very little of Cas’ life before he rescued Dean. And now here he was with evidence of an angel who always cherished humanity. A being who used his skills as a warrior to alter the course of the bloodiest human war in history. The details were complex but the facts were simple. An Angel of the Lord responded to the fear and pain he heard in prayers by violating orders and descending to earth. Sam wondered how many other times in his life Cas had done something similar. Based on Cas’ history with Naomi, it seemed likely it happened frequently. Sam closed the book when he finished reading and took in the room around him. His eyes settled on Bobby. The old hunter was slumped over a yellowed scroll, shaking his head.   “You know Bobby, Cas was an unsung hero of the war.”
Charlie shook her head. “I don’t like it, but I guess I understand.” The hunter crossed the room and placed his hand on Charlie’s shoulder. With a gentle squeeze he said, “Thank you.”
Whatever insult Meg was going to sling next was drowned out by Victor and Sam hurrying down the stairs.  Within moments, Victor had Meg handcuffed and released from the chains while Sam marred the edge of the devil’s trap to free her.  Words were kept to a minimum as they marched her up the stairs and outside.  She glared at each new team member she encountered and only started to verbally object when they were shoving her into the back of the van, fully warded and prepared to carry just about any creature.  When she spotted the warding, she slammed her feet against the bumper and shoved back against Victor.  He stumbled but managed to keep his hold on her as he corrected his stance.  She started flinging insults at him, but Victor ignored her.  With Sam’s help he finally managed to wrestle her into the back of the van.  “Who’s riding with her?” he asked.
The sound of his name on the angel’s lips, delivered in that deep smoky voice, pulled the hunter in like a magnet.  Dean leaned down and captured Cas’ lips in a gentle kiss.  It took only a second for Cas to deepen the kiss.  He swept his tongue along Dean’s bottom lip.  A shockwave of emotion crashed over the hunter.  That simple touch ignited a fire inside him.  One he knew he needed to control.  He slowed the kiss as he caressed the back of Cas’ neck.  Dean pulled away and dropped to his knees.  His arms encircled the angel’s waist, and he rested his head in his lap.  Castiel immediately carded his fingers through Dean’s hair.  The position was one Dean often found himself in because it brought comfort to them both.  They lingered, both enjoying the intimacy of the moment until Dean’s stomach growled.
It didn’t seem to matter.  The name was enough for Dean to grip his elbow and lead him away from the storefront.  “We can go somewhere else.”
A sound slipped out that closely resembled a sob. Dean brushed the thought away. The angel never cried, not even when facing death so he clearly heard wrong. The broken voice he heard next made it more difficult to ignore, but Dean forced himself to focus solely on the words. “You already know the answer. You were there when he was torturing me. You heard every word he said, every word I said. Now please leave.”
It all hit him then and spewed forth.  “All this time.  All lies.  Every damn day.  Every conversation.  Every word a lie.  How could you?  How could you do that to me?  How could you do that to all those people?  What you did-”  Cas gagged but continued, speaking over Dean in a rush, hurt and anger pouring out.  He ended with one word, spoken harsh and yet broken.  “Murderer.”
The man in question smacked Dean on the shoulder.  “Hey, I tried with the whistle, but you two are…”  He waved his arm frantically at them.  “The way you are.”
“Well, I-”  Sam stopped as the door swung open, and Dean marched into the room.  The rest of what Sam was going to say was lost in the brashness of Dean’s entry and his clear irritation at finding Sam and a tear-stained Cas huddled together deep in conversation.
After that, Sam and Charlie asked several questions about the ICU, the length of stay, and how long they would need to wear masks and gowns.  Those questions triggered the discussion of the long-term plan for Cas’s care.  The upcoming surgery to begin the process of grafting, and how that would change his physical therapy.  The need for both individual and family therapy, and everyone’s support for Cas’s dietary needs.  “We want to make sure once you go home, dietary habits will have been established.  Here and at home.”  Dean groaned at Cas’s side, even as he nodded his agreement.
“Cas! You know what that sounds like,” said Dean, his voice pitched higher and his cheeks flushed.  The angel stared at Dean with a bemused expression.  Pamela and Charlie were both covering their mouths, trying desperately to contain their laughter.  Dean shook his head as he scowled at them.  “It’s not that funny.”
“Dean, I will do my best to stay safe. And I promise to wait until my wrist is healed to do the really dangerous stuff.” Cas smiled as he finished.
Dr. Bevell spoke first.  “Castiel, we have some good news.  If all goes well with your physical therapy this afternoon, we will be releasing you tomorrow morning.”
Sam could no longer ignore or brush off these moments. He could no longer convince himself he hadn’t seen anything because it was all right there in his memory. It was there in every interaction the two men had and how Cas tried to cover his emotions. It was there in the distance Cas created and in the lack of personal space between the two friends. Sam realized there was little doubt to what it all meant. Cas loved Dean and had for a long while. And it was decidedly different than how he loved Sam. Now that he had seen it, he would never be able to look past it again. “Fuck. He loves him.”
“Yes, they are,” agreed Cas.  They shared a few more whispered words before Cas felt Dean drift into sleep.  He smiled to himself as he carded his fingers through Dean’s hair.  “It was a good day, my love,” he whispered.  Kissing the top of Dean’s head, he closed his eyes and let his memories of the day lead him into sleep.
A sob tore out of his throat as he tried to say, “No.” Cas pulled him into his arms, tucking Dean’s head into the crook of his neck. In the shelter of his friend’s arms, he let the tears come. He didn’t try to hide his sadness at the loss of the vibrant woman who had brought so much laughter into his life. Cas stroked his back and ran his hand through Dean’s hair, soothing him with his gentle touch. The whispered words of apology and love were what finally helped ease the tears. “What do we do now?”
Not wanting to wait, Cas took out his phone. The call to Charlie only took a few minutes. She assured him she would relay his message to Hannah and let him know her response as soon as she got it. As he sat clutching his phone, Dean asked, “Why did you pick Larry’s Diner? It’s basically on the complete opposite side of town.”
“Cas that one is simple. My whole life is wrapped up in Dean. He knew when he came to Stanford that I would come. He knows in the end I will choose the only family I have. You on the other hand have many loyalties. You have options Cas.”
Pamela spoke gently, but pointedly when she asked, “Do you remember when Cas talked about feeling guilty?” Beth nodded. “And what did we say?”
Cas shook his head.  “He never gave me any indication, but then I don’t know what your mother said to him when they met.  I only know something changed after that.  He was more distant when we saw each other, but he was as loyal and protective as ever.”
“You wouldn’t.  You were unconscious.  After I got you back here, you started talking.  At first it was in Enochian, so I had no clue what you were saying, but then you slipped into English.”  Dean saw a flicker of fear in Cas’s eyes before the angel hardened his gaze.  Normally, Dean would respond with his own harsh look and tone, but the last few days had worn at his edges, softening them to a degree.  “What’s wrong, Cas?”
The search continued throughout that day and over the next several. More people recognized Cas, but none could provide a specific location. Almost a month after he went missing, Mary returned to the neighboring town. She left before the boys had awakened. Dean called her, demanding to know why she left without him.
Shrugging, Meg said, “There was, but a whole bunch of the stories about that are filled with myths.  Lucifer creating the Princes of Hell.  Cain, the supposed father of murder, creating the Knights of Hell.  For one, there is no proof Cain even existed.”
“Well, I do,” Dean said seriously before grinning wide and adding, “As long as I get the parking spot for Baby.”
No matter how hard he tried to sleep it evaded him. After several hours of tossing and turning, Cas threw back the covers and exited the bed with a groan of frustration. The day had been wonderful in so many ways, and yet he was restless and irritated. It was a state he had grown more familiar with each passing year. He knew he hid it well. This need for something more. For four years, he had called the Winchester house his home. He stayed, he worked, and he dreamed. Dreams of a life beyond these walls. A life outside of Kansas. The camera he loved so much had become more like a noose around his neck the longer he was stuck working out of his studio. It’s why Charlie and, to his utter shock, Gabe were determined to find him stories that took him away.
Pulling himself out of his memory, Dean shrugged at the futility of the entire episode because Aaron became a moot point. He took a job with the US State Department and moved to Washington D.C. only one month after the conversation. Adding to that, the brief relationship he had with the man ended two weeks before the move. Dean scoffed to himself at the use of the word relationship. It was more like an extended one-night stand with a few dates mixed in. Those words weren’t quite how he described it to Cas, but they were close enough. Cas’s reaction to the description wasn’t what Dean had expected. He wasn’t mollified by the news. If he had to put a label on it, he would say Cas was offended. It was the first time Dean had felt small in the man’s presence. And it had him wondering once again if Cas had been interested in Aaron and just wasn’t willing to admit it. It would fit. The two men had more in common than Aaron and Dean had. They were the closer in age and shared similar interests. It explained how they met and why their careers centered on helping those in need. Even six months later, Dean still questioned the entire affair despite knowing he would get no further answers from his blue-eyed friend.
Dean gaped at Cas before looking back at Gabriel who was rummaging through the fridge.  “Okay, I can see how Naomi is related to your mom, but how the hell is that related to your dad.  I mean, come on, they are polar opposites.  They don’t even look alike.”
Dean skimmed over the details of the first few months after the accident. Mentioning a few hunts, some trips to bars to hustle pool and drink. He talked about it as separate from himself. Nothing personal or emotional was said during this part of the talk, but then the conversation shifted after the visit to the house in which he witnessed Cas’ seizure. “I kinda lost it. I went on a bender and didn’t let up until you called to say he was back in the hospital. I wasn’t sure I should even bother showing up, but Jody and Claire were relentless. What I saw in that room overwhelmed me and then I said something stupid as usual. So, I fled. For the next month, I spent most of my time drinking. I managed to hunt a few times, but only if there was no one else to do the job. I stuck close to the bunker. Ran out of money a few times. Lost a lot of weight.”
“Sammy, what exactly happened in the hospital because you look…” Dean’s voice broke, and he didn’t continue.
With a huff, Dean dropped onto the bed and stretched out.  “Don’t listen to him.  It took more than one phone call.”
“No, don’t go.  I need to see this Cas, my Cas, not the one in that damn dream.  Do you have any idea how many times I thought about confronting you, just so I could see your fucking face and those damn blue eyes of yours?  I missed you.  Dammit, I fucking missed you.”
“I didn’t say I wanted to leave.”  Leaning down, he grabbed the bag sticking out from under the bed.  “I just need time to think.”
Charlie’s bright smiled faded away.  “I don’t get it.  If it was so great, why?”  Sadness enveloped Cas, and he was unable to contain it, face falling at the reality of their situation.  “Oh…I’m sorry,” Charlie added quietly.
“I’m sorry Dean. My car wouldn’t start and then Kevin needed a ride to his mom’s house,” Sam said sheepishly.
Sam gripped his hands, stopping the shaking. “The paramedics restarted his heart. He is alive. Cas believe me.”
The mood in the room was delicate due to the sincerity in Dean’s voice.  Both men were unsure of how to proceed after such a significant declaration.  Castiel knew how far out of his comfort zone Dean had put himself, and he did not want to say something to make him regret it.  He did not want to shine a spotlight on his friend’s vulnerability.  And Dean was a bundle of nerves.  It was the closest he’d ever come to telling Cas his true feelings.  After burying them for years and finally coming to terms with them, he worried now was not the time to take the next step and bare it all to Cas.  Dean did not want his feelings associated with the trauma the angel suffered.   Despite the promise he had made to himself to tell Cas as soon as they found him, Dean did not want to tell Cas when he was so vulnerable.  The angel needed time to heal and even if he couldn’t say the words yet, he could show Cas his love and devotion.
Dean nodded before stepping over his legs and settling back onto the couch. They finished the movie, and Sam immediately got up and headed upstairs. Cas thought about getting up, but Dean stopped him with a question. “Where’d you go tonight?”
Five days later found the pair searching their first ghost town near the Idaho-Nevada Border. The place had potential except for its designation as a historic site. They walked the perimeter and looked at the few remaining structures. The surrounding terrain looked promising. Cell-service was non-existent and it appeared to have few visitors, yet the road in had recently been resurfaced. By the time they finished their observations and made a final sweep of the town, the light was fading. Heading back to the Impala, they both labored.
“Fuck,” said Dean to Bobby.  When he looked back at Sam, he added, “Okay, yeah, okay.  But that doesn’t change anything.  Dad was talking crazy.  You are not some tainted being.  And I sure as hell am not going to kill you.”  Cas gasped and his arm dropped to his side involuntarily, making Dean stumble.  He quickly returned it and pulled Dean closer.
“The blond in the shallow end of the pool with Jack and Krissy.” Cas and Dean both furrowed their brows as they looked at the teenager. “My late husband and I were Claire’s foster parents. We adopted her six years ago.”
“Yeah, we got that buddy,” said Dean.  “And that’s okay.  Cas and I kiss because we love each other and it’s what both of us want.”
Jogging, Dean made straight for his brother. Sam’s shocked and confused face greeted him. “Sammy, I don’t know what to tell you. He is not okay and he doesn’t want to see anyone right now. So that is what we are going to do.”
The deep voice surprised Cas, and he was not in the business of being surprised.  A brief flash of anger had him clenching his hand around the shot glass and downing it, calming him enough to say, “I don’t pay.”
“All right,” Cas said as he closed his eyes and pictured Dean’s smile. The darkness of his thoughts and his nightmare dissipated with the light of Dean’s presence.
“She felt Gabriel return,” Cas said blandly.  “They should be here any second.”  Before he even finished Gabriel came around the side of the house with four women in tow.  Jody was clearly reprimanding him for some reason, and the archangel was simply taking it.  Claire skated around Jody and Gabriel.
Taking a few steps, Cas said, “I appreciate that Dean. Now I don’t know about you, but I am exhausted.”
Releasing the door handle, taking two long strides, the dark-haired man stood directly in front of the other man. Dropping his voice, he said, “Is that what you want?”
Cas lowered his gaze to stare at the floor.  He clasped his hands and tried to tune out Dean’s voice.  He was tired of the angry tone.  He missed the Dean he’d seen at the Inn.  He missed his smile and his joy.  It was all gone now, replaced by the single-minded devotion to protect his Sammy.  Cas realized as he watched Dean that he was seeing the unhealthy relationship the brothers had before Sam left for school.  The damaging co-dependency which dominated Dean’s youth.  It hit him then that he had seen enough.  Watching the man he loved revert so completely into someone he had worked so hard to heal, and to leave behind, tore at his heart, and he just couldn’t do it.  He stood up, looked at Dean and said, “This is the way it is always going to be.  No matter what changes you will always end up back here.”  Without waiting for a response, he walked out of the room and down the hall.  He shut himself up in their bedroom and tried to ignore the raised voices coming from the living room.
The screen filled with an image of the inn as Mara stood up.  “This inn has been a safe haven for hunters for years.  It started soon after I met Dean and Sam Winchester.  Discovering the supernatural was real has changed by my life.  As a public defender, I have made it my mission to offer advice and protection to victims and to defend hunters who have been arrested.  I am not a social worker or counselor so what I could offer was limited.  That’s where Talia came in.  She has counseled victims of violent crimes for years and has recently extended that to victims of the supernatural.”
Harsh hands gripped his hips and blood trickled down his thighs. And no matter how hard Cas bit his tongue, this time he could not distract from those facts. He felt every slide of the former angel’s cock. He heard the slick sounds and the grunts of the man behind him. And he suffered every tear of his sensitive flesh.
“It’s not that I don’t want to. I think about it. I picture it. Sorry, Sammy this is probably too much info.”
Jody with evident frustration responded, “I’m not exactly happy with you right now. And I agree with the hot-head. We need to know what’s going on with you.” She paused before glaring at the hunter. “Just for the record, I will be pissed if we don’t get some answers.”
“Does it really matter who it was, when it was my body that carried out the punishment? When it was my mouth that said the vile words. No, Mary, it doesn’t matter. What matters is that Cas in his need to constantly serve, sacrificed himself again.” He turned away from the table and began pacing again. “How many fucking times is he going to face humanity, face torture and betrayal? How many times is he going to die in service to what exactly? A man who stabbed him, beat him, lied to him, blamed him, ignored him and turned him away. A man who takes and takes. A man who destroyed his life the second he laid his hands on him.”
“Not even a little,” smirked Cas, walking past Dean with his head held high.  “And I’m hungry and thirsty.  I’ll find a table.  You get the food.  And don’t spill on my prize.”
Reigning in his first instinct, Dean bit his tongue while he analyzed Sam’s plans. There was a lot of truth in his words. Cas was clearly ready to try another life, and Dean, despite, still wanting to hunt, did not want it to be his whole life anymore. He knew Sam needed something more in his life than endless hunts. If he could encourage Cas to teach, why couldn’t he do the same for his brother. “All right, Sammy.”
Sliding past Cas, Dean bent down to pick up Will.  The boy’s eyes fluttered briefly, but never fully opened.  Once Dean moved away, Cas pushed himself up and off the couch, keeping Lily snug against him.  They slowly made their way up the stairs.  Will stirred as they reached the top.  “Hey, buddy,” said Dean.
Cas sighed, “I think Hannah will have to be the one to take the lead. I’m just not sure she is ready. I know she is accepting of us, but I’m not sure she understands her own sexuality yet.”
As they approached Marta’s home, they spotted Cas and Charlie.  There was only a small group gathered near them.  James and Deborah were flanked by Meg and Pamela.  Shadiya and Marta were engaged in a conversation with Gabriel and Crowley.  The assembled group seemed like an odd mix, but it wasn’t because each of these people had played a role in rescuing Castiel.  “He looks good doesn’t he,” mused Dean as he stared at Cas.  The angel was dressed in tight, dark jeans and a blue button-down shirt.  It was a shirt Dean had gifted him before they arrived on the island.  He loved when Cas wore it, especially when he rolled up the sleeves and left the top two buttons undone.
The irony of it all was that Cas was still there for Dean. When he had a hard day at school or work or felt overwhelmed at his responsibilities, Cas opened his arms to him. He held him and soothed him as he had done the night after the funeral and so many nights since. Dean still shared his fears and his sadness with the man, and Cas took it all. He felt tremendous guilt, and yet he couldn’t stop seeking Cas out. His need outweighed his guilt in those weak moments.
“But he is so wrapped up in work right now.  He revels in it.  What happens after we adopt the kids?  What happens in a month, in a year?  Hunting is the life he knows.  I’m not sure he won’t regret this.”
With a grunt, Dean pushed his plate away and abruptly stood up, shoving his chair back roughly.  “And who the hell put you in charge?”  Cas shook his head at the familiar refrain.  He was saved from responding when Victor chimed into the discussion.
Cas didn’t respond. Instead, he chose to call out to Sam and Sarah. They both turned, smiling when their gazes landed on Cas and Dean. “Welcome home,” said Sam as he took three long strides, engulfing Dean in a bear hug. He let him go and immediately pulled Cas into a similar hug.
After the confrontation, Dean eased up on Carlos. He didn’t huff and sigh whenever Cas video chatted with his friend. Instead, he smiled politely and acknowledged the man with a nod or a quick hello. It made Cas feel immeasurably better. And as time passed, Dean was even willing to talk about Cas’s upcoming trips. He schooled his expressions, trying to hide his discomfort. Even if it wasn’t always effective, Cas appreciated the effort. The positive changes were why Cas didn’t understand his current emotions. Dean and Sam had thrown him an amazing party for his twenty-sixth birthday. He had a trip coming up in less a week and his next show was already planned.
By week two, he was being ushered into interrogation rooms daily. Cas ignored their questions. It was at this time when he learned to distance himself from the experience. Ignoring those memories, Castiel pushed himself to see the larger picture.
“And whose fault is that.  If you hadn’t blasted yourself away-”  Dean reached the bedroom just as Cas spun to face him.  The look in the angel’s eyes made Dean swallow the rest of his sentence.  In two quick strides, Cas had Dean pinned to the wall.  Heat pooled in Dean’s stomach, his heart raced, and his breath hitched.  He was held tight by the fire in Cas’s eyes.  It made Dean’s body shiver with anticipation and anxiety.
Cas looked out the window as they came to a stop. When he looked back at Mahdi, he said, “No matter the iteration of that phrase it is as apt today as it would have been in the time of the absolute monarchs.”
The door cracked open and a hand slid through holding a surgical mask.  “Is this supposed to be like the proverbial sock on the door?” Meg asked as she inched the door further open.  “And get your tongue out of my patient’s throat.  I’m coming in.”
Dean swatted at his boyfriend. “Stop being so cocky, you jackass.” The mechanic stood then and crawled up onto the bed. Pressing his lips to Cas’ mouth, he said, “I love you jackass. Don’t ever do that again.”
“Unh…ohh…Cas,” sputtered Dean.  “Please.”  And Cas could see no reason to deny him anymore.  He opened Dean slowly, letting him rock down on his hand and up into his fist, ignoring his own erection in the process.  By the time, Dean said he was ready, Cas was achingly hard.  When he finally entered Dean, he had to bite down on his lip to keep from coming too soon.  Calmed by the pain, he snapped his hips forward, making Dean cry out.  “More, more,” said Dean between gasps and Cas complied, thrusting deep and slow until they were rocking roughly against each other.  Their pace sped up, and Dean practically sobbed, “Tou…touch…me.”
“Crowley said something similar. Although he also mentioned the disappearance of some demons. He has been unable to follow the trail, but he had concluded whatever took them is searching for resources on angels.” Castiel stared at Sam until the hunter lowered his head. “And more specifically, me.”
Feeling deflated, Cas sighed heavily.  “That doesn’t change what happened.  It doesn’t change that we could face this again at some other hospital, with some other bigots.”
“Yeah. And I don’t need you to be all smug about it.” Dean glared over his shoulder and added, “I don’t want to wait anymore. Every time I write an email or talk to him it gets harder not to blurt out how I feel.”
Meg turned her head and glared at Dean.  “And why should I do that?  I’m offering my help and you’re posturing masculine bullshit is annoying.”
“At least she’s not nervous and shy around you anymore,” said Charlie, and Cas had to agree.  Riley was always a capable and dedicated agent, but once she let go of her nerves she shined.  Charlie bumped her shoulder into Cas.  “Lead the way, boss.”
“A simple greeting, my ass.  I saw your tongue, Meg.  You ever do anything like that again, and I will make you wish you were back in hell.”
Cas dropped his arms and grabbed Dean’s hand, guiding him out of the pool and to the hot tub.  They sat across from each other, the only touch a brush of Dean’s foot against Cas’s calf.
“Hello Sam,” greeted Cas. He could still feel Dean’s eyes boring into the side of his head, and he needed to distract himself from it. “How are you feeling?” he asked, hoping to divert attention to Sam.
Smirking at Dean’s nervousness, Cas laughed, “You’ll have to wait and see.” He patted Dean’s knee and placed a soft kiss to his lips. “Rest now, sweetheart.”
Missouri was out of her chair and pulling the bottle out of his hand before he could say another word. “Don’t you dare bring that man into this conversation. You should be ashamed of yourself.”
“Change of plans.  Cas is going to…ah…surprise Dean.”  Sam exchanged a look with Cas and somehow knew not to discuss the nature of the surprise.
In response, Dean’s mouth fell open and his hands pulled Cas’ hips forward. The firefighter took the encouragement and slipped his cock between those perfect lips. Dean hummed as he closed his mouth around Cas’ girth. Long and thick, hot and slick. Dean sucked and tongued drowning in pleasure at the sound of the man above him. With sure need, the mechanic gripped his hands harder on Cas’ hips and pulled forcefully.
That left driving as his only escape. The Impala still felt like home. It was the solace in his darkness. He used the time behind the wheel to let his mind wander. He let it drift through a myriad of thoughts and each time it came back to love. The love of his brother, the love of his friends. Loves lost and loves gained. The love of an Angel of the Lord. A love that transcended heaven and hell. A love that survived the apocalypse and death. A love freely given by a soldier of heaven and crushed by the cowardice of the righteous man. This last thought plagued Dean the most. Cas never wavered in his love. He fell from heaven for that love. He chose Dean over all else without expecting anything in return. It was a truly selfless love and instead of accepting it Dean shoved it back in his face. Called him names and broke the bond they shared. A bond he now realized he needed like he needed air to breathe.
“Yes, when I finally arrested him, we found plenty of evidence of that.  I just…”  Jody sighed heavily.  “How could a hunter become a rapist and murderer?”
Chuckling Castiel said, “No, you have Shadiya to thank for that.  She is the island’s lead gardener.  It has been a passion of hers from a young age.  One Marta was happy to encourage.”
After a brief pause, Donna’s contemplative expression shifted into a knowing smile.  “I have an idea.  I think it would really help you, so hear me out before you object on principle.”  Cas laughed lightly at her choice of words while nodding for her to continue.  “Bobby and I started this program at the shelter for vets struggling with their return home.  They come and work with the animals, share time with each other, offering support and understanding.  And I think you would fit right in with them.  Some are physically injured like you and all are suffering from some form of PTSD.”
“All right.” The hunter loosened his grip but kept his arm around Castiel’s waist as they continued walking. “Gabriel said he’d take care of it or let Meg do it. He may have the right idea. Meg is scary when she is all angry and protective. I don’t know what you did, but she cares about you. It must have been one helluva kiss all those years ago to get her to keep helping you.” Dean heard the soft chuckle at his side. “What? Am I wrong?”
Shep gave Victor a grave look.  “And that’s the crux of this.  Isn’t it?  What do we do with this information?  Who do we tell?”
“I…I always had to clean up and leave quickly.  Most of the time I never saw the results of a hunt.  I never saw the people I saved again,” Dean said sadly.  “I want something different for our team.  And I want something different for me.”  A shyness had crept into Dean’s tone as he finished speaking.  His eyes had drifted away as well, a faint blush filling his cheeks.
“I get that,” said Mara.  “But you make an exception for people you’ve known for years.  And for Dean.”
That evening after the kids were put to bed, many of the adults gathered around the fire.  More formal introductions were made and stories were shared.  There was talk about the comings and goings on the island, which were happening more frequently over the last several years.  Castiel was surprised by this revelation, only to be completely floored when he learned the reason.
Placing her hand on Cas’s arm while staring at Dean’s tattoo, Madilyn asked, “Protection from what?”
“Different group, same agenda as the first go round except for the target.  Unfortunately, the target dating a federal agent was not part of the plan.  Especially an agent with your connections.”
“You. All wet and sexy.” Cas’ hands slid down. One trailed along Dean’s thigh. The other dipped under the top Dean’s swim trunks. “May I?”
“Sometimes I think that explanation is too easy.  A cop-out, but then the things I’ve seen.  The man my father became.  He wasn’t an evil person, Cas, but when he drank, when the demons he held inside after my mom died grew too loud…Yeah, I think evil exists, and we must fight it.  Wage a war against it.  For some like my dad, that war is internal.”
Cas chuckled, but it was dark and brooding. “Half a second sounds about right. He started spouting off again once he spotted me. They had to drag him away.” As the memories flooded Cas, his expression became one of anguish. He started talking in a haunting voice, faltering and disjointed as if he didn’t really want to tell Dean anymore of the story. But it came out, nonetheless. “There was this moment...” he paused to clear his throat, “…after I pulled him off of you when he looked at me as if I was the devil incarnate.” Cas’s eyes closed as he faded into memory.
The siren stared at Cas, a question in his eyes.  “Surprised you didn’t ask who the original target was.”  Cas shrugged one shoulder and gestured for the siren to continue.  “The mission fell apart when their leader died.”
“Simple minded fools,” sneered Crowley as he grabbed the collar and slipped it around his neck.  When it sealed, the usual flash of light and smoke were nowhere to be seen.  “Told you.”
Cas gave Dean a weak smile. “Everything was a struggle then. We didn’t have time to hash out my feelings and just when we did another crisis would happen.”
Over the next hour and a half, Dean and Cas were treated to a five-course meal and excellent service. After the table was cleared, the men found themselves alone with quiet music playing in the background. On shaking legs, Dean stood and walked around the table. He knelt next to Castiel’s chair and then raised his head. Gazing into his boyfriend’s eyes, he began to speak.
Dropping his gaze, Castiel quietly answered. “I want to. Sam I truly do, but I’m terrified. It’s something I have rarely felt. Usually it's associated with one of you being in danger. This is different. Dean is gone. I can’t see him, feel him or hear him. How am I supposed to live my life when he is out there alone? I have all of you. Your support and kindness. What does he have?”
Cas sighed as he shifted his gaze to Dean.  “Mother, Dean and Sam are my family.  You have no right to come in here and demand they leave.  I want them here.  Period.  So say whatever it is you came to say and then kindly leave.  And Carlos, pick the damn camera back up and film.”
“If she was all juiced up, she wouldn’t have retreated,” added Dean.  “No way we would have been able to scare her off with a single Hand of God.”
“How the fuck did that happen?  I salted and burned the body.”  Dean’s brow pinched and he exhaled sharply.  “Shit.  It wasn’t a ghost.  What the hell is it?”
Cas reached out and touched Dean’s arm. “Sam, Dean struggles with abandonment and separation. It stems from John’s behavior and from the time I was missing.”
Dean looked over at Cas. “I thought he grew out of this years ago.” The disapproving frown Cas gave him made Dean add, “What? He’s usually Mr. Punctuality.”
Dean wanted to drown in the genuine affection and compassion in Castiel’s eyes, but part of him knew he needed to solve this on his own. Sam had basically challenged him to do just that. So, instead of spewing his frustration and his confusion, he smiled up at his best friend. “Thanks Cas, but I think I need to figure this out on my own.”
.  “Here’s the thing, Cas.  This is nothing new for the people working here, and maybe it’s surprising for those of us who know you, but it doesn’t change how we feel about you.  But it also doesn’t excuse your behavior nor does it give you the right to keep doing it without trying to find another method.”
Movement caught Cas’s eye just before he heard, “Not a chance.”  Victor entered the kitchen with a knowing smile.  Clearly, Bobby and Victor had covered that topic several times.  “Charlie’s building the database as we speak.  And I heard from Shep.  She wants to meet you, Bobby.  They’re willing to come here.”
Without hesitation, Cas gave Dean exactly what he wanted and needed. By the end, Dean knew Cas had needed the same. The orgasm that ripped through the firefighter was long and intense. Dean held him through it, caressing and kissing any skin he could reach. Cas lay spent across Dean’s body whispering words of love. They were the only words spoken after Dean’s request, for the night had belonged to their sense of touch. They read each other’s bodies with the sweep of a hand, the kiss of lips, and the press of fingers.
Before Victor could comment further a sharp set of rhythmic knocks sounded from the door.  It burst open not a second later, swinging wide and almost striking Cas in the back.  Looking over his shoulder, he smiled down at the woman sauntering in the room.  She was wearing a hoodie with some cartoon character emblazoned across the front.  Her red hair was pulled up in a ponytail.  “Oops,” she said as her eyes settled on Cas.
“Um...oh...yes,” stuttered Cas as he took several steps forward, placing his hand on the end of the bed.  Using the support, he approached his dad, shocked to see his father, arms open, waiting for a hug.  Cas could not remember the last time his father hugged him, possibly not since Jimmy’s funeral.  He hesitated for a second before dropping gently into his arms.  “Dad.”
“I apologize, Charlie. I was merely stating a fact not trying to insult Castiel. It would be ridiculous of me to criticize him for a trait I also possess.” Coriel lips quirked in a barely there smile.
Dean rested his head back against the couch.  “Fine, fine.  No more questions, even though it would help me get through the immense boredom I am facing for the foreseeable future.  Keep your FBI secrets and don’t share them with your needy friend.”
“Oh, Bobby and Sam both spoke to me privately.  They warned me this was coming.  I don’t want you worrying about it.  We’ll work it out,” said Victor with sincerity.
Her expression tugged at Castiel’s heart and his anger deflated. “I understand, but I’m better now. You should have told me.”
Dean shrugged just as Bobby said, “Dean, we need a distraction.  Get your ass out there and give us one. Everyone move on Dean’s signal.”
Shaking his head vigorously, Cas tried to explain, but his voice cracked on the overwhelming surge of emotion he felt at the mention of his brother’s name. Dean, recognizing the signs of a panic attack, soothed the angel with a tender touch and gentle words. “Shh, sunshine. I got this. Sam, he is not ready to see Gabriel. I can’t stress this enough. We do this on his terms. Cas agreed to see you three. People he trusts with his life and his love and even that was a struggle. So please try to understand this is going to take time. There are moments he shies away from me. Certain phrases, some noises, types of touch. They can all cause issues, so the more people we push on him the more chances for someone to say or do the wrong thing.”
Dean took his eyes off the road and stared at Cas.  “I’d feel much better in my car.  She’d crush these other vehicles.”
There were legal procedures, medical decisions, and funerals to deal with on top of the overwhelming grief and fear they suffered every day. Cas was a shell of a person, but he found some inner strength when it came to Benjamin. He refused to leave the hospital. He sat with the little boy in the NICU, once he himself was cleared by the doctors, for days on end. It had given Dean the opportunity to deal with all the other shit, including the painful moment he had to tell Beth and Alex their parents were gone. It was the worst moment of Dean’s life. And it didn’t end there. Dean was the one who moved them into the house. He was the one who held their hands at the funeral. He was the one who hugged them as they cried. And all the while Cas stayed with the baby. He barely ate, and only shaved and showered because it was safer for Benjamin.
Sam huffed as he took the armchair, leaving the couch open for Charlie. “It’s not my fault the size of this house makes it easy to overhear things.”
Dean guffawed and stomped his feet as he turned around and walked away.  Making sure to find a table with a view of Dean, Cas couldn’t help but grin the entire time Dean was in line.  It continued as he watched Dean trying desperately to juggle the tray and the elephant without spilling.
Cas took a deep breath and reached for the door handle.  After joining the others on the sidewalk, he said, “Dean, why don’t you take Lily to play?  I need to talk to Will.”
“Sorry, but everything was happening so fast, and I didn’t want to call until I had concrete information from those on the ground,” Aaron answered, pausing as if waiting for acknowledgement.
After telling his family he’s gay, Castiel winds up homeless.  With the help of his best friend, Cas finds himself a home and a new family.  He also finds himself in love with his best friend.  A love that endures no matter the circumstances of their lives, even in the wake of Dean’s rejection.
Cas placed his hand on the small of Dean’s back, feeling the coiled tension in his body.  Before Dean’s temper could get the best of him, Cas asked, “Why weren’t they placed with someone who knew about the supernatural?”
Despite needing to learn more, Cas’s eyes began to close.  He faded into sleep even as he tried to will himself to stay awake.  His dreams were dark and left him feeling shaken when he woke abruptly.  As his eyes flew open, he felt a firm hand on his shoulder.  “Dean,” he cried, fearful and hopeful at the same time.
Dean could only laugh at how prophetic Charlie had been. After arriving at the hospital they spotted Gabe in a heated discussion with a short dark-haired woman. She seemed to be holding her own, and Sam, Charlie, and Dean, almost in unison, stopped to watch. After several minutes of simply observing, they approached the pair. The woman noticed them first. Her eyes tracked their movements which drew Gabe’s attention, and he flipped around. “Ah, the Winchesters have arrived. Fellas, this is Meg, the thorn in my side.”
A month and nothing to show for it but long nights, shitty coffee, and dead ends. The entire team reeked of disappointment. Pessimism reigned supreme and tempers flared. The only bright spot was Charlie’s cheerful encouragement. Cas clamped onto it as if it was his lifeline. Her optimism pushed the team forward, but Cas knew if they didn’t get a break soon it would not be enough. It was why he and Victor had called the meeting, why he demanded everyone bring any scrap of a lead, any bit of information they had questioned or wondered about, no matter how old or obscure. “All right, we need to get started. Prioritize your list and present the one you feel is most promising.”
Cas climbed out of the bed and approached Dean slowly, allowing his friend to choose what he needed.  The last step between them vanished as Dean engulfed Cas in a bruising hug.  “I don’t want to go.  I don’t want to open all that shit up again.”
For Bobby and Sam that was the deciding factor.  In their minds if Cas failed to retrieve the lost memories, he would be stuck with the after-effects and the loop would play over and over.  The only solution was to find a way to make him remember.  And that is where Pamela came into the picture.  The psychic agreed to help and agreed to come to them.  As they prepared for her arrival, Dean returned home, and he was less than pleased with the development.  Putting Cas in the hands of a psychic was a terrible idea in Dean’s mind.  And he let them all know, vociferously.  Bobby shut him down with a glare and a few choice words.
He sat staring at Dean’s name, trying to find the words to type, but nothing came. He shut his eyes and leaned back against the couch. The sound of pounding feet disrupted his moment of introspection. He didn’t bother to open his eyes because he knew it was Dean. He heard the door bang open and the pounding feet close in on the couch. The body collapsing in his lap was what finally made him open his eyes. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s quaking body without a second thought. He held him as he cried. The numbness began to recede, and the hurt and anger bled into its recesses. Tears filled his eyes and spilled over, dripping onto Dean’s head. Dean must have felt it because he lifted his head to look at Cas. His hand came up and gently wiped Cas’s tears away. They didn’t speak as they stared at each other. Cas looked away first which seemed to compel Dean to break the silence.
Cas escorted him to the chairs and helped him take a seat. Dean immediately took his hand and gripped it tightly. “They took him in about twenty minutes ago.” His voice shook as he spoke.
Jody nodded and made her exit.  As she walked away that unnatural feeling of exhaustion swept over Cas.  His body deflated, and he exhaled sharply.  He reined it in as best he could when Bobby approached him.  “How you doing, kid?”
“He is not my family anymore. I drove him away. Any connection we had is severed.” Tears welled in his eyes. “He deserves to be happy and I only bring him pain.”
Thanks for all the comments.  Writing this and hearing from you has kept me grounded as I try to find an agent for my first novel.
“What doesn’t belong?” the distant voice asked.  There was a familiarity to it, and it brought an infusion of warmth to Cas’s ice-cold body.
Castiel raised his hand and carded it through Dean’s hair.  “I want to say it was okay, but if I am being honest, I was lost and alone.  I was surrounded by angels but felt totally alone.  There was a gaping hole inside me.  When I came to see you at Lisa’s house, I began to understand my feelings.  I missed you and wanted you back in my life, but you looked so content and you had given so much.  I couldn’t drag you back into the fight.  I buried my feelings that day.”  Dean closed his eyes and sighed as Cas said, “I became a soldier again.”
“Oookayyyy,” drawled Charlie.  “I think this just went above my pay grade.”  Standing, she began to mutter, exiting the room with one last look and a shake of her head.
At the futility in Sam’s voice, Dean dropped his head to the table with a heavy sigh. “Why is it always you Cas? I am so tired of every manner of creature hunting you. Angels, demons, reapers, hunters. What the actually fuck?”
He tried to keep the despair of that thought from overwhelming him. He did not want to return to the dark place in his mind. The one in which he was willing to give up on this life entirely. He remembered the hopelessness he felt during his coma. How he wanted it to end? But that was not the case anymore. Through therapy and the love of his family and friends, Castiel knew he wanted to live. Knew he wanted a life on earth with all its messy emotions and ups and downs. A human life. One he fought and died for. One he should not have to die for again.
Cas didn’t immediately launch into the story, preferring to start the first frame.  After both he and Dean had bowled a few frames, and Dean bemoaned Cas’s skill, complaining about cheating and any other insult he could hurl, their food arrived.  Pausing to eat, Cas started, “I was one of those kids who never had any interest in sex or dating.  I kept to myself, content to let Jimmy live that life.  After his death, it was even harder to care about such things.  Despite that, by the time I joined the police force I knew I wasn’t straight.  I wasn’t ready to put a label on myself as I hadn’t truly explored my sexuality.  And I was naïve to think it didn’t matter to anyone.  Not understanding the intricacies of society is one of the problems of social isolation.  Long story short, I was out with a few guys from work.  They commented on the pretty women in the bar, and I commented on a pretty man.  I -”
Living with Dean only lasted two weeks. Once social services got involved Cas was sent to a group home while he waited for a foster home placement. Sadness enveloped him, but he tried his best to hide it from Dean. He didn’t want to worry him the way he had before, so he plastered on a robotic smile and walked out with a slight wave. He knew Dean was in pain but seeing Mary’s face almost cracked his façade. She was devastated she couldn’t find a way to keep him. She blamed herself for the situation. It was written all over her face. Cas had tried to reassure her he would be fine as he hugged her one last time. When he stepped back, Mary touched his cheek gently. He gave her a small smile before he got into the social worker’s car. He held it together until the Winchesters were out of sight. Only then did he let the tears fall freely.
Dean muttered under his breath before he audibly said, “If you thought that about me, then there must be a reason you did.  Something about me that made you think I’m capable of that.  I’ve done a lot of shitty things in my life, Cas.  Illegal, morally questionable things.  It’s part of the hunting life.  It’s not something I can run from or pretend didn’t happen, so yeah, I think maybe you saw that somehow.  Saw what I am.”
Twenty minutes later they were sitting in the Impala and Dean was still furiously wiping him mouth.  “Can’t believe I had to kiss the bastard.”
Bobby scoffed, “Of course I didn’t take his word. Do you really think I’m that much of an idjit? His mama’s there and so is yours.”
“I think the words you’re looking for are ranting and raving,” stated Cas, the tone of his voice leaving no room for argument.
If Sam saw the exchange, he did not acknowledge it.  He barely tipped his head in Dean’s direction before he hovered at Cas’s bedside.  Cas was unsure when or why his relationship with Sam had changed, but at some point, he had begun to treat Cas like he an older brother, often seeking his advice.  Since the concussion, Sam was attentive and concerned, questioning the doctors and Dean.  After a couple days, it was as annoying as it was heartwarming.  “How are you feeling?  Headache, blurry vision, confusion?” he asked.
, which had given him pause.  Shep had told the unit that Dean and Cas weren’t going to be field agents anymore, and Dean was already back to work in his new role.  So, what Jody said made little sense.  “I…” Cas started, “Um…I thought Shep explained.”
Holding Dean’s gaze, Cas searched his husband’s eyes. He felt the slight movements and subtle shifts in Dean’s body. “I do.”
Raising his brow as if in challenge, Cas said, “And what do you propose do about it…”  Once again, he paused to emphasize the name, “...Dean.”  This time a shutter ran through the man’s body, and Cas knew the truth.  And he knew the power residing in the use of the name.  It was clear, for whatever reason, Dean did not often give his real name in these types of encounters, and the fact he gave it to Cas was as significant as Cas sharing personal details.
The angel vaulted off the bed. No hesitation in his movements as he felt a surge of grace. There was strength in his body now. Cas saw the stunned look on his friend’s face. “Cas…how did…what…?”
It seemed to be an insurmountable task.  The number of crossroads was mind boggling, and they were already overwhelmed by the demon attacks.  But then something shifted, the demons melted away as if they had neve been there.  The speed to which they disappeared left stragglers behind.  Those easy to capture.  The untrained, the wounded, and the broken.  It didn’t take long to get them to talk.  They caved without having to lay a hand on them.  Loyalty was not in their realm of thinking and revenge on those who abandoned them appeared to be a suitable way to go out.  News of the Hand of God had circulated throughout the demon ranks, and when the news hit hell, Lilith seethed with anger.  It was bad enough the Colt was still out there to threaten her existence, but now her enemies possessed weapons which could kill the demonic beasts and the offspring of the ancient demons.  She had called back her army to regroup and reform.  Those too weak were abandoned because they served no purpose.  They were liabilities she did not need or want.  The message went out,
Biting his bottom lip, the angel thought back over their conversation. “As I said, the shackles cut off my grace. It was muted for so long that it remains weak and will need time to regenerate. I feel it more with each passing hour. I must remain cognizant of it or it will drain itself again trying to fully heal all my wounds.”
Pushing himself into a sitting position, Cas leaned against the headboard, eyes glued to Dean.  Sadness laced his words, “I just couldn’t stay here and watch you walk away.  I thought this time I would go and maybe that would be easier.”
“We have a ways to go. This place is huge and we left the cars outside the warded zone. I don’t want you to overdo it, so if you need a break let me know. Orrr, I could carry you again.” Instead of responding, Cas leaned more heavily into Dean. “That works, too.” After those words, a silence fell over them as they took in the destruction around them. Scorched walls, broken windows, shattered furniture, doors hanging off their hinges. Internally, Dean felt an overpowering sense of vindication, knowing this was only the beginning. Between Gabriel and Crowley, the entire complex would be turned to dust and anyone with knowledge of it would be dealt with in one way or another. A small part of Dean wanted Crowley’s methods to win out, but the larger part, the one tasked with protecting human life balked at the notion.
“That’s what you are,” the firefighter responded smacking Dean on the ass. They both laughed before realizing Sam was still in the room with them. Dean looked at his brother’s bland expression and comfortable demeanor. “Sammy, is there a reason you’re still here? I mean it’s kinda weirding me out. Usually you blush and swear and cover your eyes.”
“They don’t need thanks, sweetheart.  They just want you to get better.  And if that means naps, they understand.”
Cas’s father frowned and tipped his chin up.  “That won’t do.  I think you should call me Jacob.  If what my beautiful wife has informed about the two of you is true, we should forego the formality.”
“You two aren’t exactly quiet.”  Bobby glanced away from Dean and looked at Cas with a raised brow.  “And Mr. FBI upstairs is a loud sleeper.”
“Not even close. But the best member of your family is out there and he needs your help.” Dean’s voice cracked and broke on the last phrase. He realized how deep is fear ran, how lonely he felt and how there was no escape. No booze, no hunting to help him forget. Cas was his singular focus and would be until they found him. “Sam, we have to find him. I can’t…I just can’t…”
“That’s a good sign.  I know Meg wants to work with him in one of the therapy rooms.”  They had reached the end of the hall, and Sam looked back over his shoulder.  “I doubt Dean will leave him any time soon.  You want to go grab some dinner with me.  I’m getting tired of eating alone.”
Embarrassment replaced any hint of his arousal and he ducked his head.  Sorry was on the tip of his tongue, but he held it back.  He had done nothing but use that word and it was woefully inadequate.  Instead, he inched forward, turning fully away from Dean and hiding himself as best he could.
Rhonda took his arm and directed him to a chair. “Do you remember the night I had you try on the panties?” Dean kept his head down but nodded. “You were complaining and acting all affronted by the situation, but that wasn’t how you were really feeling. You tried to hide it from me, and I suspect from yourself. But you liked wearing them. You liked how you looked and how they felt. Do you see the similarities?”
Cas sat up and looked toward the voice, finding Dean standing at the window.  “I see it’s your turn to stare out the window.
Pushing himself off the desk, Victor stood up and walked around to his own desk, flopping down into the chair.  Cas watched his partner as he shuffled some papers around and picked up a pen.  The tapping started and Cas knew better than to interrupt.  The rhythm Victor used often told the story of what he needed.  The fast tapping he was currently using meant he needed quiet, usually to form a plan.  After a few minutes, Victor said, “We’ve compiled enough data and offered assistance where we could.  But I think it's time we do our own canvassing.  Sitting here is driving all of us insane, and it doesn’t seem to be doing us any good.”
Ignoring Dean, the woman kept her eyes glued to Cas.  “You’re a special one, handsome.  What are you doing with him?”  Dean shifted his body to stand directly in front of Cas.  Tipping her head to the side, she tried to look around Dean.  “Saint in an FBI suit.  That’s what you are.  Never give up on people.  Isn’t that right, Clarence?”
The blood drained from the hunter’s face as he blanched.  “Fuck.  I am so out of my depth here.”  There was defeat in his voice, yet he made his way over and sat down on the far end of the bed.  “You aren’t alone in that,” mumbled Cas.
.  A retired witch Bobby knew explained the bulk of the spell died with the witch, but tendrils could remain.  Not powerful enough to alter anything further, but strong enough to maintain the hole in Cas’s memory.  It was possible it would continue to create headaches and instances in which Cas got trapped in his own mind, reliving the memory of the witch in the moments before the spell took effect.
Charlie ducked her head out the door to see Sam holding her bag. She flushed. “Yeah I suppose clothes would be important. Thanks Sam.”
Beth stared at him with a wide-eyed expression while Alex took off for the game cabinet. “Do you really want to play with us?” she asked nervously.
“I know but I’ve been pretending for so long. Even in this conversation I fell back into the cocky ladies’ man. Pathetic, right?”
Pulling himself out of the kiss, Dean glared at Sam and Charlie.  “Why am I getting the blame?  I’m not the one who started it.”  The smiles and laughter escalated, and Dean couldn’t help but join in when he felt the rumble of Cas’s laughter under the hand he had fisted in the man’s shirt.  When the din began to settle and after a quick gasp for breath, Dean managed to utter, “Haven’t laughed that hard in years.”
By the time they finished cleaning up the dishes, Dean and Cas were ready for bed. “We need to get going,” said Dean. “The old man needs his beauty sleep.”
A big part of him latched onto Sam’s words, clinging to the idea with all his strength, but a small part couldn’t stop shoving his doubts forward. He tried to quell the pessimistic voice, and so he smiled at his brother. “Yeah, okay,” he said with a slight quaver. Swallowing, he said more forcefully, “I can do that.”
Cas nodded at his partner before turning back to Brian. “That’s my signal to go. For now.” Standing up, Cas picked up the scattered papers and slid them back into the file. He walked to the door, looking back over his shoulder. What he saw was a very different version of the cocky teenager he first encountered. Worry was etched on his face and rightly so. Stepping into the hall, he almost walked into, who he assumed, was the lawyer. He held the door open for her, and she entered without acknowledging him. Once the door was closed, he eyed Victor. “I think we got enough to start.”
Pushing off the window frame, Dean stepped away from Cas and walked toward the kitchen.  He did not bother looking back as he said, “You’re still a stubborn ass.”
Cas leaned back and put his feet on the coffee table. “It was before sunrise. I needed to get the shot for the University.”
With a sigh, Cas said, “I know. I gave up on trying to please her long ago. It never worked anyway. She’s as much a perfectionist as my father. Only difference is his is solely focused on his work.” Chuckling, Cas added, “I guess I get that from him.”
After hours of researching and days of reconnaissance, they knew they were in the right place.  The other four locations had been scouted and eliminated prior to finding the deed, so here they were preparing to enter the home.  There were signs of recent activity, but, as yet, they had seen no one enter or exit the building.  Dean gave the go signal.  Everyone settled into their positions closer to the home as Sam and Riley knocked on the door.
She shook her head, eyeing Dean with barely concealed hatred.  “I put up with you for his sake, but don’t mistake my acceptance of you for anything but that.  I am still a demon, and you annoy me.”
“That you are,” said Cas, rolling over and capturing Dean’s lips, gentle yet firm.  When he tried to deepen it, Dean pulled back.
“Well, we can’t all be as sappy as you. 'My love' this and 'my love' that,” Dean teased as his cheeks flamed.
Taking one last look at the house, Castiel scanned every window. All were empty. It was fitting because the young dark-haired man felt the same. He turned from the monolithic structure and made his way slowly down the long driveway. At the street, he paused to gather his bearings. He had no idea where to go or what to do. Waiting for the answer was achieving nothing, so he turned left and began walking. He only stopped when exhaustion won out. By then, he had crossed town, ending up at the large county park. He roamed the trails until he found a stone bench, sat down and closed his eyes. It wasn’t long before the sounds of nature drifted away, and the young man fell asleep. A nightmare filled with burning wings and falling bodies woke him with a scream. He sat up quickly, wincing at the pain in his neck. Day had fled while he slept, and the night was creeping in on him. He no longer felt safe in this secluded corner of the park.
“Thanks Sam.” He watched his friends exit before turning a steely gaze on Dean. The hunter stood in the same spot, shifting from foot to foot. “Hello, Dean.”
“Jesus, why do all the women in my life think they have the answer. First, Missouri. Then, Mildred. Just the other day Mom started in on it. And now you.”
For the rest of the meal, Cas listened in on other conversations, knowing Dean needed space to deal with the emotions Bobby had stirred up.  When they finally left the restaurant after dessert and several drinks, Dean had loosened up.  His hands wandered freely as he leaned into Cas.  Touching and kissing him in front of everyone.  The contact continued all the way back to the hotel and into their room.  “Cas, sweetheart, I think you promised me something,” Dean said as he slipped off his coat.
Dean was out of his chair like a shot, and if Cas wasn’t experienced, he would have been too stunned to stop him.  But in that moment his training kicked in and his reflexes took over, so he was able to get a hold of Dean and stop his forward momentum.  “Dean, don’t.  It’s what he wants.”
Cas pulled out and flipped his husband around. He grabbed Dean’s thighs and lifted him. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas. Pushing Dean into the nearest wall, Cas slid home. They both sighed at the connection. “I love you, Dean.” Resting his forehead against Castiel’s, Dean whispered, “I love you, too. I’m yours. Take me.” Cas closed the space between them and kissed Dean hungrily, sliding his tongue into Dean’s hot mouth. It sent sparks through Dean’s already sensitive body. The kiss deepened as Cas began to thrust. He set a slow, languorous pace until he felt Dean growing hard between them. “Ah, there you are. Come with me, Dean.” Cas picked up his pace as Dean grabbed his cock. Thrusting deep into Dean, Cas cried out as he came. Pulse after pulse filled Dean, but it was the look on Cas’ face that did him in, and Dean found himself coming for the second time.
“I’ve just never seen Dean like that. When Mom was sick, sure he was attentive, but he was so busy trying to be the adult, to be professional. I’ve only ever seen him crack when he thought I wasn’t around and only ever with Cas. But that right there, him taking such tender care of Cas and Cas openly accepting it, being vulnerable in front of Dean, I wasn’t sure I’d ever see the day.”
Cas stood up and walked toward the stairs.  Looking back, he said, “Would you tell him I’ll be waiting for him in our room?”
The firefighter sighed and pointed, “Take a seat.” When his partner was seated, Cas began. “A beam fell and Doug was stuck. I managed to get him out. As we made our way out of the building I heard Garth calling for help. There was a family trapped in one of the back bedrooms of an apartment. A couple other guys arrived to help. I handed off the kids first, but their mother was trapped under some debris. As I freed her, a beam fell separating us. I told her to go because I knew Garth would be back. They had to get them all out before they could come for me.” Cas squeezed Dean’s hand. “We did what was necessary Dean. You know how this works.”
The shocking sight before him brought him to an abrupt halt.  Gun in hand, Cas raised it, taking aim and firing the instant Victor yelled, “Shoot her.”  The shots landed square in her chest but did nothing stop her movements.  With a quick move, she shoved the man in front of her away, knocking him to the floor as she grabbed for Victor.  Before Cas could close the distance, the man stood up and grabbed her from behind, yanking her back against him.  Cas’s eyes went wide as he recognized Dean grappling with the woman while Victor tried to free himself.  Within a flash, a knife flared in the light, plunging into the woman’s chest.  In the next breath, Dean lifted his gaze, locking eyes with Cas.  They stared at each other for a second before Dean released the body in his arms and turned and fled.  “Dean,” said Cas, voice shaky and too quiet.  Returning his focus to his partner and the scene before him, Cas ran across the room, dropping to his knees in front of Victor.  “What-”
The world they had created over almost two years, the one crowned by their time at the inn, shattered in the wake of a heartbeat.  In the blink of an eye.  In the pixelated image on a screen.  It shattered into a million pieces along with Cas’s heart.  The echoes of deceit and shock reverberated in Cas’s mind.  Crashing back and forth as if his head was being slammed repeatedly into a brick wall.  He tried to rein in his reaction, fighting to breathe evenly.  He could not let the others see.  He could not let them know the war in his mind or the pain coursing through his body.  He prayed his face did not show the shock.  Hoped it had not paled, although the nausea wafting over him signaled it most likely had.  Bracing his hands on his chair, he fought down the urge to vomit, the urge to flee, the urge to cry, the urge to scream, making himself look at the image again.  Maybe he was wrong.  Maybe he was seeing things.
In some rooms, Cas could easily see the changes that were needed.  The kitchen would be gutted and built to Dean’s specifications, from the countertops to the appliances the space would reflect him.  Other rooms only needed some cosmetic updates, but the second floor would also need to be completely redone.  Dean refused to have the master suite on the third floor even though it was already designed that way.  He had got his hackles up and laid down his demand two weeks ago as they stood gazing at the cottage.
He closed his eyes in an attempt to hide from it, only to be overcome by the images seared in his mind.  “How could a father do that?” he croaked to the empty room.  His voice echoing in the small space.  Banging his head back against the shower wall, he tried to dispel the visions, but it was no use.  Shattered bodies, flames, gunfire, and blood, blood, blood reigned.  Cas had held Sarah while she breathed her last breath.  Jacob already gone.  Gone for at least a day.  And Darrell defiant and angry to the end, trying to burn himself and the place down around them.  Cas couldn’t remember Darrell’s final moments.  All he could remember of those last minutes was racing to Sarah and lifting her in his arms.
Waking the next morning, Sam prayed Dean would see the light. What transpired that day was a massive swing of emotions. His brother went from concern to anger to determination to impertinence. The moment a drunken Dean left in search of sex, Sam threw his hands in the air and gave up.
Sadness engulfed the hunter. “I’m sorry you are in pain.” The words seemed to shock the angel. His head snapped back and his face paled. “I mean it.”
“No, we were just talking,” replied Cas.  Will let go of his hand and walked past Dean into the house.  When he was out of ear shot, Cas added, “He was curious about why you call her mom.”
His father approached the bed and grabbed his hand.  His mother took the other side and did the same.  “I’m tired of seeing you in these beds,” Jacob said, voice deep and strained.
“Dean, he is just repeating what we say. It doesn’t mean he knows I’m papa and you’re dada.” Cas leaned against Dean. “But he did say papa first.” His words dripped with satisfaction, and he followed them up with a wickedly smug grin.
Cas spent hours trying to decipher the language and symbols.  Latin appeared more than any other language, but traces of Celtic, Sumerian, Ancient Greek, and to his utter surprise, Aramaic were also found.  Staring at the array of photos Cas easily spotted Pagan and Christian iconography, but the origin and meaning of other images remained allusive.  Charlie had been tasked with helping him try to decipher the myriad of symbols.  Each new discovery left them with more questions.  Shaking his head, Cas finally looked up from his research.  The office was basically empty.  With no pressing cases demanding late nights, most people left at five.  Dragging his eyes back to his desk, Cas picked up his phone and looked at the time with tired eyes.  It was after nine which meant he had not come up for air in four hours.  With another shake of his head, he gathered the photos and tidied his desk.  Exhaustion plagued him as he left the building and drove home.  He wanted nothing more than to fall into bed.
Listening to Dean, Cas started to unpack his emotions about his own parents as his friend seemed to be doing the same. “Thank you, Dean,” he eventually said. “In some ways, I was lucky. I never had to hide my sexuality. They accepted it without question. I guess I wish my mother could do the same for the life I’ve chosen.”
At the sound of a throat clearing, Sam realized all eyes were trained on him. “Did I miss something?”
Cas nodded.  “I trust Victor and Bobby.  And I really believe we need to be in Grand Rapids, helping solve that case.”
Dean shook his head and chuckled.  “You see why I could never get away with anything around him.  I swear he hears everything.”
“That wasn't convincing at all.  Would you like to try again?” asked Dean in a huff.  Dean rolled to his side, flopping Cas down next to him.  He held the angel loosely, relaxing against him.
“So, I have no idea why I never told you this after everything we have said and done to each other, but…uh…I may have heard you one night.” Cas looked more perplexed, so Dean continued, “I heard you order Jamie to get on his knees and a few other things. And I may have envisioned myself in his position. It was the first time I gave in and jacked off thinking about you.”
“Yes, Dean, I…wait you know ab–” He stopped as Dean grabbed his hand and pulled him to the bed. He crawled onto the bed, pulling Cas with him. Cas was barely able to take a breath before Dean wrapped his body around him. They both breathed a sigh of relief.
Standing and walking a few paces away, Dean slumped his shoulders. “That was the last thing I wanted to do when I showed up. Talking to Bobby and Liz, I realized how I have let fear rule me when it comes to you. Let’s be honest I don’t handle certain things well. Being afraid makes me angry and irrational. I say shit I shouldn’t. I yell instead of telling you how scared I am. I criticize instead of showing my feelings.” Dean halted at the use of that dreaded word.
It took the better part of a half-hour, numerous blushes, several stops and starts before Cas and Dean were well-versed in the nature of the supposed eye-sex. Through the entire conversation, the angel’s impeccable memory flooded with image after image of his interactions with Dean. Ten years’ worth of confrontations, intense conversations and silent communication. From the very beginning, their time together covered a depth and breadth of emotion neither expressed verbally. All was said as they stared into each other’s eyes. Cas searching for Dean’s soul and Dean tugging at their bond. Maybe to others, it looked like this so-called eye-fucking, but in that moment Castiel understood it was so much more. It was a soul deep connection. The very thing that made him develop a soul of his own. Whatever came of his relationship with Dean, the undeniable fact was that they were each other’s faith and had been all along. It was no wonder that both were so broken by the loss of the other. Some of his thoughts must have bled through their bond because he heard Dean gasp and felt a surge in the heart of the man’s soul.
A flurry of activity around Cas woke him and proceeded to quickly push him to the limits of his patience. He snapped at the latest nurse to attend to him. She didn’t engage, continuing her diligent work without hesitation. His irritation only grew when he overheard them contemplating intubating him again. Rationally, he knew why they were leaning toward it, but he resolutely refused to listen to that line of thinking. “Fuck that,” he yelled between gasps.
Staring at the marred skin, Cas had the distinct impression it was a bit more than that, but recognizing Dean’s hesitance he chose to move on, tracing old scars and finding other new ones.  He refrained from commenting on them until he was holding Dean’s hand, eyeing scraped knuckles.  “And these?” he asked kissing along the edges of the damaged skin.
“For taking my anger out on you.  You didn’t deserve that,” Dean said as he turned to look at Cas.  His eyes blazed with regret.
. None of those wishes came true, and Sam had to face the fact it wasn’t going to happen this time. This time he would have to take charge. He would have to shoulder the burden. He wondered if he was up to the task. Angrily, he shook his head.
The sound of suitcases bashing into walls drew the adults’ attention. Dean slipped away from Cas and hurried to the stairs. He took the suitcases before any more damage could be done. “Are you back to work tomorrow?” he asked Rhonda.
Benny and Sam stepped in then and both tried to explain. Eventually Sam let Benny take the lead. “Dean they won’t know anything until they investigate. What you need to worry about right now is going to the hospital to be with Cas?”
Victor shook his head.  “It was my fault.  I shouldn’t have bombarded you with all of that at once.  I should have let you settle in first.”  He stood up and walked toward the door.  “Let’s go see your new office.  There’s some paperwork you need to fill out, and I think Sam left some cases for you to read over.”
With a sharp inhale and exhale, Talia began, “I spoke to one of the parents.  At first, she was not very forthcoming and she was angry at me for contacting her and opening old wounds.  But after I told her I lost a son in the same way, she started to open up.  The funny thing was she avoided mention of the FBI agents that investigated at the time of her daughter’s murder but had plenty to say about those who showed up recently.  I tried to ease her into talking about the fake agents without giving out too much detail.  A few words her and there describing Dean and she finally talked about him.  All I know is that the way she described him made it easy to read her respect and admiration for him.”
After one such touch, Dean turned around and faced Cas, walking backwards.  “I have a request,” he said, tone strangely serious.  Cas braced himself for Dean’s ire and a request to stop touching, but Dean once again surprised him.  “Since you are leaving tomorrow, I want to spend what time we have left in the room, in bed with you.”
Voices drifted down the hall as they made their way to the kitchen. Crowley and Gabriel appeared to be in some sort of a disagreement while Meg tried to get them to stop. “Enough already. You two can fuck it out later. Right now, you both need to drop the superior act and focus on finding Castiel.”
Cas tried to explain but floundered when he realized how strange it all sounded.  Shep took over, continuing the narrative.  “Meg was friends with Jimmy.  She liked him.”
Hearing the vitriol in his uncle’s voice, somehow managed to take the sting out of the conversation.  It didn’t fix the dull ache, but it did curb Cas’s ire.  A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.  “Fuck ‘em all,” echoed Cas.  Dead silence followed his words, but he could almost hear the gears turning in Gabriel’s head.  He braced himself for who knows what.  He didn’t have to wait long.
“Stop what, Dean?  You asked me to look and so I looked.  What did you expect me to do with this knowledge?”  Cas picked up a nearly empty bottle of whiskey, sloshing the liquid inside as he shook it in Dean’s direction.  “You hardly ever drink anymore.  You told me y-”
Giving up on the argument, Dean walked away as he said, “The last text I got says he’s coming to do his laundry.”
“Hey, that’s not very nice,” whined Dean. Jody and Claire stared down at the man covered in vomit with torn clothing, red-rimmed eyes, and scraped up hands. The spectacle before them made them sigh in unison. “Okay, Dean. We need to get you cleaned up and into bed,” said Jody sadly.
“Some of it.  For the rest, we’ll need Charlie.”  Sam gestured in her direction before dragging Cas behind him, crossing the room quickly.  “Charlie, we need to talk.”  Glancing over his shoulder, he said, “Not here.”
“Shit, we’re gonna be late and Sam’s probably wondering why I haven’t texted him.” Dean started pacing the room in panic. “Where is my phone? Fuck we need our bags.”
Dean sighed. It was a sigh of someone who felt the change. Who knew the connection wasn’t quite the same as in the past? Needing a break from this train of thought, Cas said, “Benjamin has an appointment tomorrow.”
“I guess we never talked about him,” said Cas as he looked at the confusion in Dean’s eyes.  “Arthur provided my transportation out of here.”
He wrote for an hour without stopping. He wrote about Cas’s smile and how it brightened every dark corner of his world. He wrote of his lover’s touch and how it awakened his soul. He wrote of Castiel’s love and how it opened his heart. But embedded within those words was a feeling of loss. A tinge of worry. The thought drew his eyes back to the bed and the sleeping form of his husband. They had come together after so long apart. It was wonderful and soothing, but what did it mean going forward. What did it fix?
“I’m not sure I can say the same.” Cas heard Dean swallow down his gasp at his curt reply. “I don’t mean to be unkind,” added Cas. “But you being here is…” Cas stopped and looked away.
“I know, but…” Sam stopped speaking when Marta walked between them. The older woman held up her hands and asked the others to listen. All eyes turned to this mostly unknown woman. “Castiel would not want us to argue or to hurt these people. Meg, you know this, you know him and what he stands for. What he has always stood for. Let Sam and the others make arrangements for them. You need to focus on making sure Castiel is safe to go home or if that isn’t feasible, find a new place for him to call home.”
“Why?  Because you gave up on that dream a long time ago.  Because John never gave you the chance to have a glimpse of that life.  Because he convinced you hunting was it for you.  I don’t believe that, and neither should you.”
Claire reached out and took his hand.  “You know where that comes from.  I'm guilty of the same thing.  So are Charlie, Pamela, and Sam.  Jody and Alex.  Even Garth.”
As she continued, the food arrived.  Cas looked at the server when he set a plate down in front him.  Out of the corner of his eyes he noticed Dean was doing the same.  “I ordered for you,” Bobby said gruffly.  “I know what Dean eats and figured you could eat the same.  So, quit looking so damn confused and eat.”  Dean shrugged and picked up his burger.  Cas followed suit.
By the end of the day, Dean was sweaty and physically exhausted, but he felt better than he had at the end of any other workday. He could visually see his accomplishments. He watched with fascination as Garth, a lanky man with a perma-grin, worked with the dogs in the area he had repaired. The trainer smiled and waved at him as he stepped up to his car. Dean found himself waving back with a satisfied smile.
At first, Cas remained silent.  Just as Dean went to stand up and leave, Cas said, “You were never happy here?”
“Several days ago, we received actionable intelligence that Cas was in an aid hospital within thirty miles of the attack site. Benny and another member of his team responded to this information. When they arrived at the hospital, they were stonewalled. No one would provide them any details. At 0900 hours yesterday, Sergeant Mills returned to the facility and found a nurse who was willing to admit Cas had been at the hospital days before but was no longer there. They could get no further information about his condition or if he had been transported or was released. At 1300 hours, another report came in about a VIP being mysteriously transported out of the aid hospital via helicopter. It took several hours for this fact to be confirmed and to ascertain the destination of said helicopter. The patient was found to have been transported to the burn unit at al-Thawra Hospital in Sana’a, according to that hospital’s records. At 1725 hours, Benny and Sergeant Mills arrived at the hospital and confirmed this information. It took another hour for the identity of the patient to be reported with the intervention of the US Embassy in Sana’a. At 1905 hours, Benny made visual confirmation and proceeded to alert the US Embassy and the State Department.”
Gabriel scanned the room before settling his eyes back on Cas.  The same perplexed look returned to his face.  “I’m surprised Dean didn’t bubble wrap the place.”
“I fucking know that, but it doesn’t make any of this easier.  He’s in there right now angry at me, at the world.  Desperate for some normalcy.  I can’t help him, and it’s killing me.”
Charlie scoffed. “Sam, the longing gazes were always there, we all just pretended they didn’t happen.”
With a huff, Dean’s hand ran a trail down his body, eventually reaching for Cas and lacing their fingers together.  “Yeah, makes sense.  Not to mention the breakfast Mom has planned, and we should probably get up early.  We kinda forgot to bring in the rest of the kids’ stuff.”
That was all Cas needed to hear to take charge.  He ushered them to the bed and pushed Dean down onto it, divesting him of his shirt in one fluid movement.  Tipping Dean’s chin up, he captured his lips, tugging on Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth.  When they separated, he helped Dean lie back on the bed before dropping to his knees.  With precision, he removed the remainder of Dean’s clothes, caressing every inch of skin he exposed.  By the time he was done, Dean’s body was practically begging, hips thrusting uncontrollably.  The pleas started up when Cas’s mouth reached Dean’s hips.  “Cas, please.  Need you.  Want you.  Please.”  At one point, Dean tipped his body until his cock butted up against Cas’s cheek.  “Holy fuck,” he moaned.  “I’m dying here.”
“Bullshit,” snapped Dean. “Don’t pull away from me and expect me to accept your statement as fact. We are in this together. We made that promise to each other. We run this house and parent together. Those are the facts that matter. And if you are struggling in any way, I need to know. I deserve to know. We are partners, so you have no choice but to accept my help.”
Dean shifted nervously and then blurted, “I think we should go to the island.”  Castiel sat up and glared at the hunter.  “And before you argue hear me out.”  Cas inclined his head so Dean continued, “We need a safe place to go.  You need a peaceful place to recover.  You want Meg to return there so if we go…”  Dean trailed off hoping Cas would comprehend his intimation.
Tears streamed down Cas’s face as he stared slack-jawed at the woman who had always kept her door wide open to him. The sight of Cas crying must have been too much for Dean because he was out of his chair and wrapped around Cas in a heartbeat. Without hesitation, Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck. Through his soft sobs, he heard, “You’re my best friend, Cas. I don’t know what I’d do without you. I hate this not talking bullshit. Everyone keeps telling me to give you time, but I fucking miss you.”
“I’m right here. You two can quit arguing about me when I’m in the damn room.” Sam stood up to his full-height and glared at his brother and Cas. “I am not a little kid. You can’t hide the crap happening in the world from me. You can either let me learn it on my own or you can teach me about it. I’ll learn it either way.”
Sweaty and thirsty after demolishing Sam’s team, Dean grabbed a bottled water and downed it before jumping in the pool. The cannonball sent a wave of water over the side, soaking the people sitting along the side. Dean came up smiling and burst out laughing at the disgruntled looks. Benny who was already in the pool crashed into him and dunked him. “Hey,” Dean said as he came up sputtering.
“I get it, but Jack can’t stay hidden away.  He goes to school.  Women come and go from his house.  Eventually he’ll start asking questions about it.  Eventually he’ll have to be told.”
“She kept talking to me about finding what I want. About not waiting or I would regret it. She sounded like Missouri. I have to say it kinda freaked me out.”
“This is worse than playing poker against Cas,” whined Gabriel. “She wins every time and then she picks another damn video game, and it goes on and on. I think we need a new rule.”
“This,” Dean said, laying his hands over Cas’s arms.  “When you touch me…I’ve never experienced something like it before.  It makes me forget everything else.  Pain, anger, sadness…all of it vanishes and all I feel is love and home.  And a desire that seems unreal.”
“Okay, then. That’s good. I mean as long as it’s what you want, Cas,” Dean said as he reached out and clapped Cas on the shoulder.
Not bothering to ask anything further, Cas walked over and opened the door to find Bobby, Sam, Charlie, and Talia all patiently waiting.  Well, everyone except Charlie, who was bouncing up and down, dangling keys from her fingers.  Charlie looked down and huffed a laugh before saying, “And that is why I didn’t let you use my key.”
Cracking a smile, Dean sarcastically said, “Nice segue.”  Cas tipped his head in acknowledgement, and Dean nodded in response.  “I love you, too.  And I can’t believe how often you’ve gotten me to say those words.”  Dean tugged Cas forward and kissed him.  He let it linger, never pushing for more than a simple touch of lips.  Eventually, he released Cas’s hands and moved his hands up Cas’s body.  One hand cupped Cas’s cheek while the other found its way into Cas’s hair.  Whispering against Cas’s lips, he said, “I should probably call Mara.”
“Now are we doing this slumber party thing or what?” Charlie’s exuberance healed the shift in his mood and once again Castiel found himself smiling.
She shrugged but didn't offer one of her usual flippant answers.  “Better now that I have all of you.  It was scary when I first found out.  I knew what I wanted right away, but I had no idea what he would want.  Although I wasn’t really surprised by his choice.”
Cas tipped his head forward, resting their foreheads together.  “Sometimes I want to quit,” whispered Cas, the ache in his chest growing.  It eased as Dean threaded his fingers into Cas’s hair, massaging as he went.  The touch felt amazing and Cas could not stop his moan of pleasure.
Cas flopped his hand on the tray. “I…” A long pause followed as he formed the next word. “feel…” Another pause. “stra…” He broke off the word and then tried a different one. “ovv.” He knew that was not quite right, but figured it was close enough.
“Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you.” The firefighter pushed Dean’s hips down and kissed along Dean’s jawline. Lowering his head further, he licked and sucked at his boyfriend’s neck. Fighting to keep quiet, Dean writhed in the chair. “Shh...I’m going to unzip your pants, but only if you can stay still and silent.”
With a sheepish smile and an embarrassed wave of his hand, Victor ducked out of the office and shut the door.  For the next hour, Cas read through the case files and signed the necessary documents.  When he finished, he sat back in his chair and gazed out the large window facing the main office.  It gave him an unobstructed view of the front door.  He watched the never-ending stream of people coming and going.  His eyes had grown tired by the time he saw Dean enter.  There was a hand on his shoulder, and he was looking back at whoever it belonged to.  When he turned back around, Cas saw he was laughing.  The man who entered behind him was doing the same as he dropped his hand from Dean’s shoulder.  Cas watched their exchange.  It was similar to ones he had seen before when Benny had come to the house.  He knew it was foolish, but a pang of jealousy sparked in his chest.  It wasn’t the first time it happened, but it was the first time he couldn’t ignore it.
Sliding his arms around the angel’s waist, Dean pulled him tighter.  “I wasn’t trying to deflect.  I just remember you stumbling to introduce me earlier.  You didn’t know what to call me, and I didn’t want to overstep.”  Cas squeezed Dean’s hips and hmm’d.  Dean took it as an invitation to continue.  “But if I had to choose I guess I would say we are a couple and whatever label you want to give me is fine by me.”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas patted his hand. “Why don’t you sit in the chair? You’re too old to stay on your knees that long.”
She rounded on him as they entered the kitchen.  “This home needs to reflect what all of you want.  Cost is not a factor.  Your father and I have agreed.  We are paying for the renovations.
The Winchesters were over for the customary weekly dinner, which alternated weeks. This week Missouri was hosting. Serving, much to Dean’s delight, her famous gumbo and beignets. “Come on, Cas, even you have to admit they’re almost as good as pie.”
“No, that won’t be necessary. I need to take my own advice. If I expect Dean to face his fear, then I should do the same. And you’re right, she has respected my boundaries. I don’t know when I will meet with her, but I will do it.”
Before Dean answered, he spent a few moments rechecking the material and assessing the placements they had designed.  With a nod, he looked up at David.  “No, but my dad was.”
Once seated, Victor began, “We have discovered a connection between your husband’s disappearance and another case.  Do you have any connection to Topeka?”
Tipping his head back down, Cas placed a kiss on Dean’s sternum.  “Charlie called a little after you went to bed.  Sam called her.”
They didn’t separate for a long time. They continued to touch and kiss, and Cas continued his praise.
“It really is nothing.  Dean said something, and I laughed and for some reason we all ended up laughing.”
Leaning closer, Dean whispered, “Ahhh, I’m used to small, tight places that are nastier than this.  We’re going to have to work on getting you comfortable with it or hunting is going to be a problem.”
A perplexed expression crossed the angel’s face as he lost himself in contemplation.  He turned at the sound of Dean’s voice.  “Cas.  We always wondered why she helped you.  I mean I joked earlier about the kiss being the reason.  So, it’s not like we didn’t notice you were special to her.”
“Yes, Dean. Just like that.” Cas faced Dean. “It’s time for me to be a part of this family again and help heal our wounds.”
“Sitting here whacking your head into the table ain’t the solution so get your ass up and make me some damn food. After we eat we’ll figure something out.”
Sam huffed and then shoved his brother’s shoulder. “I don’t just say, I know. Now tell me what you had planned and we can fix this.”
As Dean explained, Castiel became uncomfortable. One of the reasons he fell for Dean was the very issue the hunter was discussing. All their conversations in which they unburdened themselves amplified their bond, intensifying his feelings for Dean. A groan emanated from deep in his chest, bringing the hunter to an abrupt stop. “Cas, are you okay?”
After reaching the lab, Dean realized he would need to make it quick. Castiel’s body was rigid and there was fear in his eyes. The environment seemed to be triggering a panic attack. The angel’s heart was racing and his breathing was ragged. Dean tried to reassure him with gentle words and light touches. He bandaged the worst wounds and wiped the angel down, before dressing Cas in loose fitting scrubs and medical booties. With his arm around Castiel’s waist, Dean led them out of the lab.
Cas tipped his head back, resting it on the back of the couch. He let out a long, slow exhale. “I desperately want to talk to you about this, but I don’t want you to take it the wrong way.”
Crossing the room, Cas stepped behind Dean and spun him around.  Without hesitation or surprise, Dean rested his body against his desk, relaxing into Cas’s touch.  “Hey there?”
At the bunker, Charlie jumped out of the car and ran. She raced down the stairs and burst into the command center. In a flash, she had her laptop open and pounded the keys. Everyone in the room trained their eyes on her, but no one interrupted her work. It took over an hour before she looked up from the screen. “Sam get over here.” Sam walked across the room and sat down next to Charlie. Shifting her laptop, she pointed at the screen. “See this.” Studying the formulas and codes, Sam studied the process and the resulting tabulations. After careful analysis, the younger Winchester smiled and turned to face his friend. “I think you’re onto something.” Bobby joined them and the three of them pored over the codes.
“Why do you sound so worried?”  Dean touched Cas’ hand lightly.  When Cas didn't answer, Dean began to feel apprehensive.  “I…Did I say something wrong?”
“You’re right it doesn’t. You hurt me and kept hurting me. You knew what you were doing and still you kept at it.”
Frustration and hurt were evident in Cas’s gravelly voice, and Dean decided now was not the time to argue over money. He hoped it would help with Cas’s frustration, but it was the hurt Dean had caused that he needed to fix. And the sooner the better. He turned to his brother with a plea in his eyes, “Sam, can you leave us alone?”
“Uh, hi.” Dean walked up to the closest chair and pulled it away from the bed. Leaning on the back, he said, “How are you?”
The sound of his swallow was audible, and new tears streamed down his cheeks. “Buddy, your mom and dad died that day. Your dad died in the house, but your mom died at the hospital after giving birth to Benjamin.”
Dean’s shoulders drooped, along with his entire demeanor.  “You love to hit below the belt.”  His face morphed into a scowl when Sam burst out laughing.  “Shut up, bitch.”
Stopping in front of Sam, Dean loomed over him. “And? Why did you stop there, Sam? Don’t want to mention the fact Cas had a heart attack on the goddamn plane.”
The mostly shuttered farmhouse looked ready to fall over.  The covered porch listed to the side and was covered in rotted wood.  From what they could see from their vantage point, holes dotted the steps and floor.  The scent of blood and decay permeated the air.  It was a scent Cas had become accustomed to over the last days, weeks, and months.  The overcast sky limited their sight lines, making radio communication even more significant.  The heat of Dean’s body to his left was reassuring as was the earpiece in his right ear.  The last check-in with the unit confirmed every team had arrived at their assigned location.  The group assembled was the largest team to take the field together since the meeting with the President almost two months ago.  Preparations had been made for such a large team, but only some of them had properly trained together.
Dean shook his head with an exasperated look on his face, but his words belied that reaction.  “You should.”  After looking at his phone, Dean said, “It’s here.”
A town over, fear and chaos reigned inside the Winchester home. Dean was inconsolable. It had been two weeks with no sign of Castiel. The confrontation at the Novak home had not gone well. Dean had waited a week with no word from his friend before demanding they go to the house. Every attempt he made to contact Cas via phone was met with a vague response and no Cas. His anger was palpable and Mary Winchester knew her son was ready to explode, so she insisted on taking the lead when they confronted the Novaks. It went about as well as both Winchesters expected. The door was briefly opened, they were told Cas was gone, and then the door was slammed in their faces. Mary was undeterred so she pounded on the door until it was opened by one of Castiel’s siblings. Hannah refused to look at them as she said, “Castiel no longer lives here. Mother will not allow someone with his inclinations to reside in her home.” Those words were all it took for Dean to lose it. He began shouting. Branding every one of Cas’s siblings a coward. Calling out Cas’s mother for every hurtful thing she had ever done to her son. Labeling her a homophobic piece of shit who never deserved to have Cas in her life. He yelled even as Mary dragged him away.
Cas closed his eyes and focused on his own breathing.  He pictured his interactions after he was rescued.  “Not any differently than they did after the coma.”
“Well you obviously didn’t tell them the truth or you wouldn’t be here. Charlie would never have let you near here,” snapped Dean.
The moment dragged on without interruption from Pamela. She let them look their fill before she said, “Well, then, I think that is enough to get us started. Next time, I would like to hear from you, Cas, but for today our time is up.” They scheduled both of their upcoming appointments before thanking her and walking out hand-in-hand.
“I don’t think a phone call is the right approach, so I plan to meet her. I can’t do…no, that’s not true. I could do this alone, but I would rather do it with you at my side.” There was a nervousness in his voice that only crept in at his most vulnerable moments. Cas hated it, and Dean knew it better than anyone.
Staring down at the dark-haired baby in his arms, Cas said, “Have you thought any more about going for a visit?”
“Cas, come on, what choice do we have?  I needed to concentrate on digging up information, and I kinda suck at lying, so I took the risk.  And before you complain or give me all the legalities, I want you to know it worked.  She got further in some of the cases than any of us have.”  Charlie’s posture changed from nervous to determined and confident, so Cas simply nodded, signaling her to continue.  “She posed as a victim herself, giving enough detail to warrant their belief in the veracity of her story.  Victims who previously gave vague descriptions suddenly had more details.  They talked about a charming, handsome man, but the most interesting thing was that several called him a hero.  Giving him credit for saving them.  In one case, there was a dispute between a mother and daughter.  The daughter said he saved her, but the mother blamed him for the death of her husband.”
The mention of the angel’s name made Claire flinch and all semblance of humor fled. She opened her door and stepped from the car.
Those three simple words were all it took to change Dean’s world, and for once, he was not terrified by the implications.  He reveled in the closeness and let it crack the walls he had so carefully constructed over the years.
There was a darkness settling over Cas the more he let his mind focus on the issue. He knew that path was dangerous for him, so he pushed himself to find a new topic. The one slamming into his mind was not much better, but at least it offered possible solutions. His mother and her insistence to be involved weighed on all of them. So far, Dean and Aaron had been able to deflect her, but once he returned to the states all bets were off. She was wealthy, powerful, and supported by a dedicated staff. Several ideas had floated through his mind as soon as he learned of her attempts. The one which kept sliding to the forefront made him uncomfortable, but it also made sense. Control was what he needed, and it would offer him the most. He knew Dean would balk at the suggestion, as was his usual reaction to Cas’s career. As he filtered through the pros and cons, the decision became easy, almost necessary to a certain extent. The heaviness of his thoughts increased his exhaustion, and he felt his eyes slowly close. Sleep edged in and his body finally relaxed.
Smiling sheepishly, Dean said, “Didn’t think about it like that. He’s just been so excited about going I figured he’d be the first one out the door.”
Dean’s lazy gaze settled on Cas as he walked naked to the bathroom. Cas could feel his eyes on him the entire way. He turned to look over his shoulder. Dean was scrambling out of bed, practically chasing him. Cas raised his brow. “What?" said Dean.  "Your ass is fucking fantastic.”
“You have enough going on in your life,” Cas said firmly as he turned to face Dean again. “You don’t need to worry about me. I can handle this on my own.”
Tears tracked down Charlie’s face. “I was so scared.” She stared at their hands before lifting her head and finding the angel’s eyes. “You’re really here.”
Determined to regain control of the situation, Dean said, “And you know what, that lack of filter works really well when he talks dirty to me. He’s all, Dean I am going to…”
Cas waited but the message went unread, so he called Victor.  As expected, it went to voicemail.  Racing back to their room, Cas called Charlie.  “I need a trace on Victor’s phone.”  Charlie did not speak, but Cas could hear the click of a keyboard.  “Um…sending you the coordinates.  What’s this about?”
They spent way too long taking pictures before heading out to dinner. Dean was grateful Rhonda was the one to get their reservations for the night, so they weren’t stuck at some overly fancy restaurant. It was bad enough that all through dinner his eyes kept seeking out Cas. It would have been worse if the food couldn’t distract him as they ate. Thankfully, the burger he ordered took his full attention, and for those glorious minutes, he forgot about his earlier thoughts. It didn’t last because somehow his friend had not only become a man, but he was also an incredible dancer. Dean spent most of the night simply watching his friend. Even when he tried to remember he was on a date, he most often failed. By the end of the night, Anna had pretty much disappeared, dancing with her friends and some guy named Blake. When it was time to leave, she mentioned going to the country club with her friends. No longer able to hold up the charade, he remained seated as he said, “Have a good time.” He turned back to Benny before she even walked away.
Rolling his eyes dramatically, Castiel said, “I will learn to deal with it.” He held up his hand to stave off their responses. “I will require your help. Sometimes I may need a distraction or I may need to leave.”
Dean sat up slightly, dislodging Cas from his chest.  He leaned over Cas and bracketed his head with his arms.  “I’m thinking we use the vacation days as we planned.”
The three of them made their way to the car, eventually joining the cue of vehicles trying to exit the parking lot. The minor league baseball stadium had been filled to capacity for the graduation ceremony as was the parking area. When they finally reached the road, they followed most of the traffic making its way to the high school. Cas pulled up to the building and put the car in park. Dean, hand on the door handle, looked first at his brother in the backseat, then at Cas. His gaze lingered until his hand slipped off the handle. He chuckled as he turned to lean over the seat for the sole purpose of ruffling Sam’s hair. His brother swatted his hand away. When he shifted so he could see Cas, he saw the man smiling fondly at the brothers. It was in that moment Dean realized Cas didn’t regret his decision to stay. Without thinking, he reached out and hugged Cas. It took a second for him to respond, but when Cas did, he sighed, leaning in and wrapping his arm around Dean.
Once their plates were filled, they sat down next to Jody and Alex.  Jody immediately launched into an explanation of how they met Dani.  The story was a sad one, and Cas could see the toll the investigation had taken on Jody.  The six-month hunt culminated in the discovery of a serial killer.  The crossover between the crimes had led Jody to believe she was hunting for one unknown monster.  It was only after Claire found Dani alive that she realized there was more than one monster, and that one of those monsters was simply a man.  “He used the monster’s killings as a cover to carry out his crimes.”
With her words in mind, Cas said, “Ten years without any deals and then you can start them up again.  But only if you succeed in keeping hell closed.  We will deal with whatever demons remain here, but you will stop any more from coming.”
She stopped and turned to look at Dean.  “As I previously said, to see he was being cared for.  Properly.”  Before anyone could respond, she left the room.  Dead silence followed her exit.  Sam was stumped by the entire interaction and no words came to mind.  He felt a nervous chuckle pushing to the surface but stomped it back down.  Carlos’s quiet ‘damn’ from the corner finally broke the uncomfortable silence.
“You’re gorgeous, you know that,” Dean said as he stopped directly behind Cas.  His breath warm and heavy on Cas’s neck.  “I can’t get away from you.  I was up there trying to sleep, but your scent has already filtered through the house.  The smell of your aftershave and shampoo lingering and I’m drawn to it.  I’m drawn to you.”  Dean ran his hand down Cas’s back.  “Maybe it’s time I listened to my family because loving you is like breathing and I’ve been out of breath too long.”
In a measured tone, Darla asked, “And now that you know Gabriel knows, do you think you would be willing to see him?”
Bouncing to his feet, Dean looked around the fire and said, “We’re going to turn in.  I’m cooking breakfast so see you all in the morning.  Seven, sharp.”  He practically dragged Cas out of his chair and away from the group.
“I remember Alex mentioning something, but I assumed it was people who were just turned.  I didn’t think it meant there were others.”  Charlie paused briefly before adding, “How exactly is Lenore planning to help us?”
Her words made his chest ache. He had a touchstone. He knew that, but it wasn’t the same as what she found in Benny. He closed his eyes and shook his head.
Their best bet was Bobby since there had been no sign of Sam or Dean.  Heading to Sioux Falls, Cas and Victor left the FBI behind.  For this part of the plan, they were simply civilians.  The first stop was a visit to Sheriff Jody Mills.  Cas went alone, dressed in jeans and a button-down shirt.  The leather jacket he wore had been a gift from Dean, bought on one of their long weekends together.  When his world imploded, he buried the jacket in the back of his closet, digging it out specifically for this trip.  It seemed fitting to take that step, acceptance and a step toward healing for himself and an apology to Dean.  As he was introduced to the sheriff, he caught movement out of the corner of his eye.  Victor had entered the sheriff’s department.  It was the signal to put their plan into action.
With a huff of laughter, Cas said, “Not like I’m doing any better when it comes to crossing boundaries. And I’m not sure it matters in the end. I think of you as my friend, my ridiculously attractive friend, but first and foremost a friend.”
It took considerable effort to lift his foot as he slid the chair forward.  The chair made contact with something and stopped.  Cas had been so focused on his own actions he hadn’t realized Meg had placed her foot strategically in front of a wheel.
“I can watch him if you want to try and take a nap. I’ll call Cas, and we can take him to the park.”
The greeting froze Dean for a second as his thoughts drifted.  There were still so many things Dean wanted to know about Cas.  Before he could second guess himself, he asked, “Can we talk later?  It’s important, not bad or anything. I just have some questions.”
Day faded into night and Sam basked in the laughter and joy filling their home and yard.  It had been a wonderful day filled with family and friends, new and old alike.  People coming from across the country and even from across the ocean.  Standing back in a quiet corner of the yard, he watched his brothers, huddled on Dean’s recent purchase.  The lounge chair was large enough for two six-foot men to sit comfortably together.  Cas rested between Dean’s legs where they were splayed out on the chair.  His head resting on the Dean’s chest, head tipped up in a private moment of conversation.  It was the place they had escaped each time Cas became overwhelmed by the chaos of the party.  With night advancing, the chaos was finally easing into a quiet buzz of activity.  People settled in to talk in small groups.  As he scanned the rest of the assembled group, he realized it was time.  Walking into the center of the yard, surrounded on all sides by their guests, Sam stood tall and clinked his glass.  When eyes turned to him, he began to speak.
Dean took a step back and sat down in his desk chair. He sighed, ducking his head in embarrassment. “Sorry. I’m an idiot.”
“We would appreciate that, Bobby,” said Cas.  They were the last words he spoke for quite a while as Bobby continued Cas’s education, discussing other creatures and theories.  Breakfast ended during a description of ghouls.  “Seems like there are a lot of monsters that can shapeshift.”
Dean’s arm fell off her shoulder as she went to stand. “Hi Sam. I just wanted to come by and say goodbye and wish you luck.” She walked over and hugged him. “You’re going to do great. Call me if you can’t get Dean to leave, and I’ll kick his ass over the phone for you.”
“Good.”  Dean grabbed his hand and pulled him into the house.  “Get your swimsuit and I’ll pack us some food.  Sammy’s been bugging me about going out to the reef and today sounds like the perfect day for it.”
“Fuck Cas.”  Dean lifted his head and stared at Cas.  He was overcome with the power and depth of his love for the angel.  “Why is it so easy for you to express all that?  God, for me just saying the word love makes me feel like a vice is tightening around my chest.  For fuck’s sake I can hardly say it to Sam.”
“I wasn’t trying to be cagey. I am just afraid to say or do the wrong thing. I love you and don’t want to hurt you.”
Jumping up from the couch, Dean abruptly changed the subject. “We have the house to ourselves tonight. No teenagers being snarky and annoying. What’d ya say to having some adult fun?”
The next months passed in a blur. Between school, selling the house, and figuring out what he wanted to do with the vacant property, Dean rarely saw anyone except Bobby and Rhonda. They discussed the garage ad nauseum. Bobby insisting Dean should take part ownership with the funds he received from the house. Rhonda insisting he should invest in a new venture. She walked him through the adjacent property, on more than one occasion, offering several options for the space. She promised him her assistance if he opened a new business. “It is, after all, what I am going to college for,” she said on one visit. There was a part of Dean which felt it was too much. He was still in school and practically working full-time already. How would he manage a business of his own? The bigger part of him, however, wanted to honor Mildred. He wanted the money from her home to go for something more than taxes and bills. Plans were drawn up and inspections were performed, and before he knew it Dean was in the process of opening a café.
Charlie was the one to answer, having arrived at the tail end of the herculean effort to get Cas into the chair. “Yeah, you earned it.” She took up her position at the back of chair and wheeled Cas out of the room and down the hall. “Where to master?”
Dark eyes stared into Cas’ blue eyes. “I’m sure I could come up with some new one’s for you.” Meg laughed but then grew serious. “Castiel, we need to tell the others, I’m here.”
“I think you know. It’s been over forty-eight hours since I saw you. Since I touched you. And then I come in and you’re shirtless.” The depth of Cas’s voice when it was filled with desire always shook Dean to his core, and this time was no exception. Cas watched as he scrambled to his feet while trying to adjust his pants. “No need for that,” said Cas as he gripped Dean’s hand. “You won’t be wearing them for long.” Dean took a step back and Cas added, “What color are they?”
There was no rush as Dean pushed him down the hall, removed the boot from Cas’s left leg, and lifted him onto the bed.  Several seconds later the bed dipped.  The touch of a hand on his hip made Cas inhale sharply.  His eyes found Dean’s, and he got lost in them.  There lips met in a brief kiss.  Dean’s tongue swept across his bottom lip as they pulled apart.  Cas sighed, dropping his mouth open in invitation.  There was no hesitation when Dean leaned in and kissed him.  Heat pooled low in his stomach as the kiss deepened.  Want flooded his body.  “Dean, please,” Cas said as he tugged on Dean’s shirt.  Breaking the kiss, Dean pulled off the garment and reached for Cas’s shirt.  His entire body locked up at the contact.
“Should I invite the others? We are all dying to know who the heck Marta is and about this community you supposedly created.”
They arrived about fifteen minutes late, to the surprise of no one. Hoots and hollers greeted their entrance. The place was packed with their family and friends. Food was already being served, and Dean’s stomach grumbled. “What?” he asked Cas when he saw his amused expression. “We haven’t eaten since dinner yesterday, and we were pretty active last night.”
Meg rolled her eyes and grunted a dark laugh.  “It’s a legend all demons know, but that’s where it ends.  As far as we knew it was about as real as Lucifer.  When Azazel started his frequent visits to earth, a few of his acolytes asked about it, my brother Tom being one of them.  But Azazel insisted it was only a legend and that he had grander plans.  No surprise, he was full of shit.”
Cas’s breath caught, and his heart raced. He pulled back quickly to put some distance between them. He tried to school his expression, hoping Dean did not sense his strange reaction. “You should go tell Sam. He’s in his room.”
After cleaning them both up, Cas climbed back into bed and held his boyfriend, kissing every inch of his face and neck. “Hmm…I’ll never get tired of hearing the noises you make.”
“The apartments are relatively new and very clean. I think you’ll like it, and the burn center is only a mile away. And let me tell you it’s facilities are amazing, and the staff is awesome.”
“I’m not giving up my brother.  I can’t believe you even asked me that.  Not after everything he’s told me about you and him.  He told me he loved you.  Do you know how rare that is?  How special you were to him?  And the fact he told you how he feels…I was so happy for him.”
Castiel touched Dean’s hand lightly. “I am glad I know. I’m glad you felt you could tell me how your body reacts to me.”
Those words made Cas sit up straight and smack his hand on the table.  “Dean, please tell me you have not been on the road all night.”
Shrugging, Cas responded, “Complexities of the human psyche. You yourself said he was probably trying to find himself. Figure out where he fits. Moving around, being dumped at a boarding school, only child.”
“As much as I hate to admit it, Mother is an expert in her field.  She is here to provide protections for all of you.  And before you try to argue, those marks on your ribs and your tattoos will only go so far.  Castiel’s capture proved that.”
Cupping Dean’s cheek, Cas ran his thumb along Dean’s lower lip.  “I understand.  Between work and my family, it has been hectic.”
“You know I do,” Dean said, snapping his eyes open.  The look was filled with fire and need, and it broke the last of Cas’s control.  He sat up and grabbed his rock-hard cock.  Jacking himself fast and hard, almost to the point of pain.  It added to the intensity of the moment and brought Cas to the brink quickly.  He threw his head back as his cock jumped in his hand.  When he tipped forward, he watched the seeds of his orgasm paint Dean’s body.  He came hard.  Harder than he had in a long time.
“You know me. It’s not a trip to the Middle East unless I’m under fire at some point.” Cas watched her expression grow serious as she launched into the story. It was a familiar story, and one he had lived himself more than once. When she finished, she quickly changed the subject. “How are things at home? Last I heard from you, Sam had gotten his acceptance letter to Stanford.”
Cas chuckled as he squeezed Dean’s hand.  “I don’t want you to stop wanting me.  Do you think I don’t think about it?  I am not the only one walking around half-dressed in this house.  You come back sweaty and shirtless most days, and all I can think about is touching you.”  He paused and his expression grew sad.  “When you started to pull away, I didn’t know what had changed.  It scared me.”
“What’s got you all….” She flapped her arms in his general direction, encompassing all of him in her sweeping gesture.
The bright sunshine streamed in the front window, slashing across Dean’s sleeping face. Squinting, he led out a muttered, “Fuck.” His head pounded and the room spun with the slightest shift. Each attempt to avoid the blinding light resulted in more pain. “Well, this stinks.” As he moved again, he caught a whiff of himself and muttered, “So do you.” Sitting up, he found an audience watching him. “Mornin’ Jody.”
The main hallway appeared to be the one with the labs. The large doors leading to that hall seemed to be a main entrance of sorts. The section of the facility he was currently in was large. Based on the number of turns, he thought he traversed four hallways to get to this room.
After several minutes of waiting Dean pulled back onto the road. Frustration ate at him as he chewed up the miles. Arriving in Vegas, he checked into a better motel than the usual. The pool and spa were tempting but the casino around the corner beckoned him. He played a few hands of blackjack and took a try at the craps table. Pocketing a few hundred bucks, Dean exited the casino floor and made for one of the bars. Having promised himself to stop the one-night stands, he avoided the women in the room. After too many drinks to count, this strategy failed. His eyes scanned the room, landing on a tall, dark-haired woman. She turned as his gaze lingered. Without a second thought, Dean slipped into his old persona. Cock-sure and smiling he approached as her eyes remained locked on him. Those eyes pulled at him. The deep blue reminded him of another set of eyes.
Dean spun around to face his brother as he backed toward the stairs. “Do I really need to spell it out for you Sam? S-E-X.” A pained laugh escaped and then he rushed up the stairs and out the door.
The anguish Cas felt in that moment overwhelmed him. He curled into himself, dropping his chin to his chest and wrapping his arms tightly around his body. “I had no choice. Now please go.”
Turning red, Dean’s hand shot out and covered Cas’s mouth.  His eyes flicked to Cas’s parents before he looked at Cas with a pleading stare.  Cas rolled his eyes and pushed Dean’s hand away.  “They already know.”
Shaking his head, the angel refused to look at the hunter. Instead he tilted his head to the heavens. “But I won’t do that because no matter what happens to him, Castiel would never want humanity punished. I want revenge for him and he is the only reason I won’t seek it. Now that is irony.”
Dean chuckled at the familiar question.  For some unknown reason, Cas asked that question almost every morning, and Dean answered the same thing every time, “It’s still early.  Go back to sleep.”  Cas always complied, drifting back to sleep as Dean listened to the shift in his breathing and stared at his peaceful face.  In the dappled sunlight, Cas’ skin shimmered, and Dean found himself drawn to the man’s dark lashes.  The warmth of the moment reminded him of the previous night.  Dean had never experienced a more intimate moment in his life.  Even with all the sex he'd had in his life, simply undressing with Cas and laying with him, bare skin touching, was overwhelming and profound.  It changed his understanding of what it meant to go to bed with someone.  In their therapy sessions, he had expressed to Castiel that he did not need sex, and he meant that, but it was the events of the previous night that solidified it for the hunter.  All he needed was the closeness they shared.  “You are enough, Cas.  In every way.  In any way.”
“What?” Dean asked, nudging Cas’s shoulder.  Tipping his head to the side, Cas raised a questioning brow.  “You were all pensive, and then you got this weird little smile.”
“It’s all right. I understand why…I guess what I’m asking is knowing how broken I am do you believe I will fully heal. Do you think my soul will recover?”
“But it’s what you would do.  I have seen you strive to bring good to this world for too damn long, so maybe it’s time for others to pick up that mantle and give you a rest.  What Malachi did to you broke something inside me?  I know we weren’t exactly a happy family, but what he did and how he talked about it…” Gabriel closed his eyes and shook his head.  “I wanted to tear apart this world you love so much, but a few stubborn people convinced me that would only hurt you more.”
By this time, Charlie was seated on the couch, legs tucked up under her and facing Dean. “You two can continue your annoying brother bickering after you tell us what Cas said.”
Cas chuckled wistfully.  “Because it seems to think it should be intertwined with yours.  The fact that it is woven with my grace does little to help disabuse it of this notion.”  He shook his head.  “As my grace seeks out the tendrils of the grace inside of you.”  The angel watched as Dean began to understand the meaning of his words.  He blushed and shifted nervously.  The movement triggered Cas’ anxiety, and it reminded him of Dean’s reaction the night of the accident.  He must have done a poor job of masking his feelings because Dean was quick to reassure him.
Cas wrapped his arm around Charlie’s shoulder.  “Not everyone is as free loving as you, but we’re working on it.”  Charlie leaned into him, ducking her head under his chin.  It was a familiar position and it reminded Cas of their long friendship.  It brought a smile to his lips and lightness to his mood.  A much-needed lightness.  “Thanks,” he whispered.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and yanked him closer.  “Never thought otherwise.”  Gently pushing Cas back, Dean kept hold of his hand and led him to the iron door, only then did he release him.  “I’m taking the lead.”
“I wish he would open his damn eyes,” Benny said as he brushed his hand over Cas’s arm. The touch ignited Cas’s senses, renewing his desire to move or, at the very least, give Benny his wish. His eyes flicked back and forth as he willed them to open. It took several tries before a crack of light appeared. “Cas, Cas. It’s okay. Take your time. You got this.” Benny’s words rolled out in a rush, without a breath between them. “Come on, buddy. Look at me. You can do it.” Each word and phrase helped rejuvenate Cas’s flagging energy, giving him that extra push to keep going. The light grew in intensity as his eyes opened slightly wider. He winced, and then all progress was lost. Darkness enveloped him once more. “Shit, get the lights. It’s too fucking bright in here.” After several seconds, Benny said, “It’s okay, Cas. You can try again. You almost did it once.”
“Dr. Fischer cleared him for release. Once the transport team arrives, it should be quick. All his stats are good, and the swelling has decreased. Which means I should get back to the hotel and pack? Our flight leaves soon.”
For the next several frames, Cas tried to take the game seriously, but it grew increasingly difficult with Dean’s antics.  He danced and twirled before hurling the ball down the lane.  After he stumbled on a particularly wild spin and his ball flew into another lane, Cas lost all semblance of decorum.  He laughed and teased and joined Dean, bowling with his eyes closed or facing backwards, attempting a spin on the last frame.  The frown on Dean’s face when Cas turned around gave away the final score.  Even with the hilarity, Cas had well and truly wiped the floor with Dean.
“Awww, you’re already pretty good at the loving thing,” Charlie said quietly as she looked up at Cas.
“I’ll be fine.  I am armed and well-trained,” Cas said flatly.  The tone told his partner the discussion was over.
Before Dean could argue, Cas adjusted their stances until he could look into Dean’s green eyes.  “I know you are trying to defend me, but it is unnecessary.  She is not important, and there is no competition.  There never was and never will be.”
“Yes, I do, because I love you.  And not for your dick.”  With a smirk and cheeky wink, Dean added, “Your magnificent ass is another story.”  Cas’s laughter was deep and real and was drowned out quickly by the press of Dean’s mouth.  Cas quickly took control of the kiss, demanding entry with a firm swipe of his tongue.  In response, Dean practically crawled into Cas’s lap, rubbing against his hard cock.  “Maybe I spoke too soon,” Dean said as he broke the kiss on a gasp.  “That feels pretty damn magnificent.”
A loud crash shook Castiel out of his depressive thoughts. “No, no fucking way am I helping. Especially not him.” The sound of several chairs scraping across the floor was followed with a choked off sob. “Dean, what happened that night? What happened to make you hate him this much? At least tell us that.” Castiel caught a glimpse of Charlie crying, clinging to Dean as she pleaded with him.
As Cas listened to several smaller explosions off in the distance, he steeled his resolve. This was why he was here – to tell the truth, the unvarnished, untainted, raw and heartbreaking truth. He shared a look with Sophie as they both rose from their chairs. It was one of wariness but also determination. With a slight nod, Cas stepped toward the door, Sophie on his heels. “Into the fray,” he heard her whisper at his back.
“Yes,” Sam responded before standing up. “I don’t know about you, but I think we should call Aaron. There has to be some reason he ignored your call yesterday.”
“Exactly,” replied Cas with a smile.  “Are you going to get out of there?  The water has to be cold by now.”
Cas gazed down at Dean’s legs and pointed his finger.  “Well, I didn’t know you were so set on propriety.”
Dean rolled his eyes and leaned back, swinging his leg onto the couch, letting Cas see the extent of the cast.  “I fell out a window,” mumbled Dean.
Tears welled in his eyes, blurring the standing ovation he received. Sighing, Dean knew it was as much for Cas as it was for him. The people in this room knew of Cas’s contributions to the world. Many walked the same path as Cas. Journalist, photographers, veterans, and refugees. Many knew Cas personally, affected by the man, not just the photojournalist. Those were the ones who cried along with Dean and Sam. They were the ones who embraced them as they stepped toward the crowd. It was overwhelming and shook the two brothers to their core. Sophie stood at their side, answering questions when Dean and Sam could no longer. Eventually, they excused themselves, retreating to the restroom to compose themselves before the reception.
In a flash of red smoke, Crowley appeared at Meg’s side.  He snapped his fingers.  The two demons vanished, and so did he.  Meg shook her head at the empty space before running off down the aisle.  Riley joined her.  And as Cas tried to pull himself out of the confessional, he saw more people running toward the main door.  Garth, Tamara, Jody, Rufus…but not Dean.  Cas had lost sight of him.  Frantically searching, Cas dragged himself over to a pew.  He braced himself against it, holding himself upright as best he could.  Ragged breaths escaped his mouth as his eyes found Dean.  The second his gaze landed on him; Dean turned.
Taking a deep breath, Dean dropped his head.  “Cas, I’m not sure springing a bunch of people on her is a good idea.  And I don’t know if Jody would want Alex to be a part of this.”
“I know,” said Dean, ducking his head as he sat down next to Cas.  He reached for Cas’s hands where they were clasped between his legs.  Out of pettiness Cas wanted to yank them away, but he chose to let Dean lace their fingers together.  “I think maybe I haven’t exactly dealt with what all this means.”
The President waved off the agents, and they all relaxed their stances.  “In this room, you are safe.  I understand this was a difficult decision for you, stepping into the lion’s den, and I want to thank you for doing so.  What we do from here on out must be based on every piece of available information and your presence here and your contribution will be part of any decision we make.  I assure you.”
Turning to face the angry glare of a very pissed off Claire, Dean said, “I’m sure whatever you have to say won’t be as bad as what I am telling myself.”
Sunlight splashed across the bed hitting Dean across his face.  He allowed it to heat his skin until the light became too much.  He struggled to roll over as his legs were entangled with the warm body next to him.  He sighed from the contact and the knowledge that it was Castiel at his side.  Each morning since they found the angel, Dean found himself reveling in the fact that Cas was safe in bed with him.  He snuggled up next to Cas and slipped his arm over his waist.  His movements must have woken the angel because he heard a muffled, “Good morning, Dean.”
The whole situation had the added benefit of distracting Dean from life outside of the Inn.  He completely let go of his frustration and anger about Mary and John.  He was happy and light, prone to bouts of laughter and extremely affectionate with not only Cas, but with everyone.  It was almost as if Garth had finally rubbed off on him.  The playful way he responded to the other hunter’s hugs was a boon to see.  He no longer held himself stiff as Garth wrapped him in a tight hug, instead he leaned into it or initiated them himself.  There were no more one-armed hugs for the men followed by the manly slap on the back.  Dean hugged everyone the same, all-encompassing and filled with emotion.  It was beautiful to see, and Cas was so proud of him and so glad to see him smile freely which is why he should have known it would all come crashing down.
“Yes, really.  I have an unbelievably sexy man cooking me breakfast.  And I didn’t know we were having company.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up and his jaw dropped open. This night seemed to have lost all semblance of normalcy, and it was barely six. Dean wondered what other things he would learn about his friend if he ever got Cas drunk. Up to that point, he had only glimpsed Cas when he had a few too many. It was always after he came home from a club and on those nights, Cas always made a hasty retreat to shower. Then, he would disappear into his bedroom. Dean wouldn’t see him until morning, and Cas would act as if nothing had happened the night before and Dean would keep his mouth firmly shut. This time he couldn’t stop himself so he blurted, “You used to get high?”
“Yeah, I do, but I thought you weren’t going to push me away anymore. I can’t handle seeing you hurt if I can’t be there to help you.” Dean stood up and sat down in Mildred’s vacated spot. He reached out and took Castiel’s hand. “You have to let me help you, Cas.”
“I’ll only be gone a few hours,” assured Sam.  “If they need me for anything more, I’ll head back to the office when Talia gets here.”
Two weeks later, Sam brought Charlie to meet Cas. The angel was seated on a park bench. Back straight, arms rigid. Ignoring his closed-off manner, Charlie hugged him fiercely. “I am so happy to finally meet you. I think the guys were keeping us apart so we wouldn’t gang up on them.”
With a little more coaxing from Dean, Cas repeated the process, adding a second step and then a third.  He was tired and sweating profusely, but he set a goal for himself.
“But it was not unwanted. You need to trust me just as I have put my trust in you. Darla told us not to shy away from our relationship or our attraction to each other.”
Hungry and tired, they stopped in Homs. The city had been a stronghold for the rebels until it was subdued in 2015. Now it was a shell of its former self. Images of President Assad dotted the buildings, reminding those that had not fled the city who was in control. It irked Cas because like so many dictators before him, Assad was enamored with himself, to the point little else mattered but the power he wielded. Mahdi raised an eyebrow at him when he heard the heavy sigh Cas had failed to keep from escaping. “They are all the same,” said Cas. “Some may kill more or expand more or enjoy the brutality more, but in the heart of it they are all the same.”
“Doug is in surgery. All I know is that a beam fell on him and Cas wouldn’t leave until he got him out. But I don’t know anything else.”
The crowd was massive, but they managed to find their family and friends quickly. Beth latched onto Claire immediately. The young woman nodded at Dean and Cas as if to say, 'I’ll watch her'. With Beth taken care of, they followed Alex to all the events he wanted to see, which meant the bulk of their day was spent in and around the fire station. Donna’s kids also seemed glued to the fire station. Krissy, who was the same age as Alex, also wanted to be a firefighter. And Jack, her younger brother, wanted to do whatever his sister did. Krissy and Alex dragged young Jack everywhere with them. Dean couldn’t stop smiling the entire day. He caught Cas watching him a few times, and while he couldn’t quite read Cas’s expression, he sensed there was a thoughtfulness to it. Clearly something was on his husband’s mind.
Taking one last glance around the house, Castiel joined Dean. “I almost don’t want to leave. This place feels like home.”
Dean pulled him into a hug, burying his face in Cas’s neck. He whispered, “It’s where I belong.” They held each other, breathing in each other’s scents, taking comfort in the strength of each other’s arms. Dean sighed, placing a kiss to the bolt of Cas’s jaw as he pulled back. “I’ll be there.”
Dean grinned and shook his head.  “All right.  Take your seats.”  There was a mad scramble to the desks, and within seconds a roomful of teenagers was staring intently at their teacher.
Alex came rushing back at them with his small arms full of games. His smile was as wide as his sister’s, and it made Cas realize just how little they smiled these days. He ruffled Alex’s thick brown hair before taking the games from him. “Which one do you want to play first?”
“Aww, shit.  I don’t want to explain again.  Charlie can tell you.  I sorta figured she would have already.”
Sam and Charlie spared a glance at each other before Charlie said, “And why were you trying to remove your soul.  Is that even possible?” The angel shifted his gaze to the ceiling and contemplated her question. His gritty voice broke the silence. “If I remove my soul, I believe my grace will recharge enough to heal me. I will stop being a burden and can be of use to all of you once again. As for your last question, I believe it is possible or I would not have tried it.”
Almost two months had passed since that conversation. He had seen some improvement. Cas at least sought out his touch on the rare occasions he came to their bed. Although he only seemed to do it when he thought Dean was asleep, which perplexed the hell out him. But he chose not to question it and just soak in the contact. Touch, such a large part of their relationship since Dean confessed his love, was for the most part off the table. Cas tried, yet Dean could read the turmoil in his husband. He could see how tense it made him to accept any touch. And not just from Dean. He tensed when anyone hugged him except the kids. Somehow, he managed to accept their hugs and their contact. When he held Benjamin, there was no reservation. It was why Dean found himself watching Cas in those moments. Needing to see his husband was still in there somewhere. And maybe, just maybe, he was working his way back to him.
Sadness radiated from the green-eyed hunter’s body. His fists clenched and his body heaved with deep rattling breaths. He waited and watched his younger brother, understanding his need to stop and think. Dean was becoming familiar with the need to pause, to reflect. It was uncommon for a man who spent most of his life moving, running and throwing himself into any situation. His time with Bobby allowed Dean to slow down his racing mind and to calm his restlessness. It was why in this moment he could remain patient.
They didn’t kiss, not in the way lover’s did anyway. A quick peck here and there was about it. Maybe a kiss on the neck or behind the ear. Those were few and far between and only occurred in the early morning hours, when they were both sleepy and in need of comfort. They slept wrapped around each other most nights with Cas usually tucked up behind Julian. They held hands on occasion, touched the small of each other’s backs, but that was where the touch ended. At times, Cas thought they could have more. His body certainly wanted more, but his mind always drifted to Dean. To their almost nightly conversations and how he missed his friend. He missed his laugh most of all. He chuckled as he realized he was doing it again. There was a gorgeous man wrapped around him, breathing against his neck, and he was imagining another man’s laughter. The way Dean threw his head back, exposing his neck. A neck Cas was desperate to kiss. Castiel’s chuckle darkened at the thought.
“I think you should show me why you are my husband and the only man I ever want to touch me. Why you are the only man who will ever fuck me.” Cas barely let him finish before he surged forward, kissing Dean harshly. Without hesitation, Dean opened to him. Letting Cas take what he needed while giving Dean exactly what he wanted. The force pushed Dean back onto the bed. With wicked quickness and strength, Cas maneuvered Dean until he was resting on the pillows, Cas flush against him. Whipping his head back, Cas looked down at Dean, eyes fierce and possessing. “I am yours, Cas,” Dean whispered, panting and so damn hard his cock throbbed painfully.
“Who said I want you to be coherent?  Now, get moving.  I expect you naked and on the bed by the time I join you.”  As Cas started picking up the plates, he heard Dean shuffle out of the room.  Needing to touch Dean, he dumped the plates in the sink and quickly followed the sound of Dean’s footsteps and a trail of clothes.  The man was everything he ever wanted, and Cas was going to do his damnedest to be the same for Dean.  That was the plan, anyway, until unforeseen circumstances obliterated it.
Sorry this chapter is late.  The current situation in Syria, Turkey's offensive, made me have to rewrite the bulk of the chapter.  Since this was late, I am giving you all the first glimpse of my DCBB fic in the end notes.
Shaking his head, Victor said, “I doubt Dean would have left if there were.  I think he knew exactly what he would find here, with the exception of me.  Because to be honest the only moment he seemed the slightest bit confused was when he recognized me.”
Charlie was first in the door, and she made a beeline for Cas.  Silent communication passed between them for several heartbeats before Cas said, “They know.”
Tension flowed through Cas’s body and his hands trembled.  Clasping them together in his lap halted the full body shiver he knew was forthcoming.  “Don’t you see.  That’s the issue.  I’m tired of all the help and the lack of privacy.  And I know part of that is my fault because I decided to make a documentary.”  He paused for a moment trying to figure out how to say the next part tactfully.  “I have so many people involved in my care.  Rachel, Meg, Antonio, Dr. Bevell, Dr. Banes, Naomi, you,” he looked pointedly at Donna, “and all the other staff that come in to check on me constantly throughout the day and night.  Between that and the revolving door of visitors and those filming, I am never alone.  Sam’s been hovering like crazy lately, and shit, Dean, you never take a break.  When you’re not at work, you’re always fucking there.”  Cas knew he failed in his delivery by the look of utter devastation on Dean’s face.  “Dean…”
“Please, don’t ask this of me. I don’t know all the facts, and it would be wrong of me to speculate.” Garth’s face was pale and any hint of the usual jovial man was gone. There was only sadness in his eyes.
Sam stepped into the cabin and did a quick assessment before responding.  “Well, you were acting shifty on the phone.”
Scoffing, Dean said, “How exactly would you go about doing that? I know you are in danger. I know what you do can have consequences. I’ve known that since I was a kid, Cas. It doesn’t make it any easier to watch you walk out the door, and it certainly doesn’t make it easier to watch you walk back in hurt.” Dean stopped and took a deep breath. “And you aren’t getting out of answering my question. Where are you going?”
Cas sighed, dropping his head into his hands.  It seemed too heavy for his body all of a sudden.  Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s waist.  Cas fit perfectly in his arms as his head rested on Dean’s chest.  The warmth radiating off Dean’s body eased the aches in Cas’s.  As the tension leaked out, he shifted his hands to Dean’s chest and pressed into the hard muscle.  Dean moaned, pulling Cas tighter and running one of his hand’s up Cas’s back.  He rested it on the back of Cas’s neck and squeezed lightly.  The touch was sorely missed and filled a hole inside him.  But it was over too quickly.  Dean leaned back and looked down at Cas.  “We had some good news today.”
The house was quiet, too quiet. With three guys, all now over six feet, living together in a rather small house, the place always seemed full and bursting. But lately, silence often crept in, making Dean feel lost in a way he hadn’t since his mother passed. It had been over two years since they lost Mary. One year of community college and two terms down at the university for Dean. It was something he had never expected to happen for him. And if Cas heard him term it that way, he would be hearing a lecture about how it didn’t just happen. He would insist it was due to Dean’s hard work and determination, not luck. He laughed as he pictured Cas’s scowling face. The sound echoed in the silent house. Once his laughter subsided, he realized thinking of Cas always made him smile. They had gone through a rough patch for a few months, but the tension ended just as suddenly as it had come. Dean still didn’t understand what the problem had been. When he let his mind linger on the topic, he couldn’t shake the feeling that it was something he had done.
