Bucky clenched his jaw and nodded slowly, accepting the defeat he knew was coming. “And who the hell are you trying to convince here?”
The searing anger that was building in his chest diffused upon meeting Tony’s eyes.
Clint was struggling in his arms, shouting, pleading for Phil to get up. Bucky would be wrong if he wasn’t mere seconds away from yelling the same thing. Coulson couldn’t be dead. He just couldn’t.
Looking back out the windows, he could see a slight lump sitting on the roof on the building across the street. In the crowd in front of him, he picked out a bulking man slouching in his seat, tugging on his left sleeve, no doubt to cover up his metal arm. A fiery redhead scribbled onto a notebook a few rows up, while a man whistling an old Marvin Gaye tune, fiddled with a camera.
Tony shrugged. “Why not? It’s kind of big to just be staying here all by myself. Besides, there is no way I’m staying in the shitholes you guys have been rolling in recently. Sorry, but this fine-tuned machine only goes between Egyptian cotton sheets; take it or leave it.”
“Clint, I really need to talk- ”
Cutting the next corner, Steve saw him. Adrenaline pumped through his veins as his much larger stride pulled him closer. Steve pushed through the crowd the man was trying use as an escape and when he found a clear path, Steve took a leap and tackled his victim to the ground. Not wasting any time, Steve grabbed the man as he tried to stand back up, pushing him against a brick wall.
Loki blinked, caught off guard by the question.
Clint Barton walked slowly to the interrogation door, making sure his other three companions had flicked on the light on their side of the glass, so the fireman could see, and exit down the hall.
Clint hummed. “What about the other agent? The one that was killed?”
Steve watched as Sam walked up to the rest of the Loopers. He looked up with a weak smile. “So, uh, we celebrating?”
Captain Amer-
Tony laced his hands together, trying to stop them from shaking as the memory coursed through his head. He remembered when Jarvis woke him up the next morning, having fallen asleep on the large robot as his brain tried to contemplate the previous night.
Clint searched through the remaining holding cells until he stumbled upon Steve Rogers curled into the far wall in the last room. Clint could already pick up on his shaking, his dull blue eyes staring at his bloodied hands.
“Hey, Nat just filled me in. A cyanide tooth?”
sweetheart. It’s alright, now.”
“Just a little bump,” retorted Pierce.
“So you’ve got nothing?!”
“God, let’s hope not.” Stark checked the clock on the wall. “I’d give it about a half hour before you can take off, just to be safe. Catch some shut eye,” he said kindly, walking towards the door.
Bucky jolted, jerking Steve away from him. His eyes were already darting around, looking for hidden cameras, FBI agents wearing plainclothes, just waiting to take them away. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Of course, Sir.” Tony waited until he herd Natasha pick up.
- While in the movies, Tony needed the suit to escape in the desert; he was underground in this story, and all I could think about was Tony in a suit bouncing around the sewer walls like a piece of popcorn.
he called out.
Steve stepped defensively in front of Schmidt. “Go home,” he hissed. “Now.”
“Literally, I am going to end your life.”
Too shocked to put up a fight, he let Coulson open the door and shove him out into the hallway, before shutting it again.
“Clint- ”
“Let me guess – then the SSR showed up.”
Steve knew that Tony had seen him come in, but the man hadn’t said anything for a while. He just stared out at his window overlooking Manhattan, nursing a drink.
“Now what?” Tony asked.
“Tony, what the hell?”
Fury smiled. “You’re here to strike a deal.”
“So how does any of this help us?” Clint questioned.
The Captain and Stark have continued to flaunt about the city without a single care in the world. While Pierce had initially agreed with The Monger to wait on their information, Pierce found himself about two minutes from putting a bullet in the man’s head.
“Yeah, kind of a tough pill to swallow,” Tony said. “But, it’s me, and having the thing that saved me end up being the thing that kills me is really just par for the course.”
“Jim, please,” Pepper continued, rubbing her temple. “I’m not exactly happy about it either, but he wants to find Tony as much as we do.”
Steve watched as the robber’s car pull the same turn he did, the blonde seeing his window of opportunity get smaller. With one more harsh thrust, Steve sent the cat flying out of the tree and right into its owner’s hands before flipping the tree in the road on the other side of him.
Steve startled awake the next morning.
On the far wall of the main floor, there was a rusty iron staircase, going both up and down. Going down, the steps led to a shady hallway lit by a single flickering bulb, branching off to a few poorly constructed rooms, most likely used for storage during the war. Steve now had the used for their own interrogations, filling the room with one simple chair, the dark rooms made for holding the last breaths of its prisoners.
There was a short silence and Tony looked up, catching Clint and Coulson, mid embrace, Coulson’s tongue down the archer’s mouth, and
Steve’s eyes snapped to the radio, his hands already on autopilot as he cranked the volume. Fingers tapped quickly against his dashboard as the car’s tracking system sifted through a bright display of a Manhattan map, triangulating the high-speed chase. An alert blared as his car locked on to the pursued car, his GPS mapping the quickest route for him to intercept.
Tony stepped back, trying to form an excuse when Steve yanked him back. Steve’s strong arms twined around Tony, bracketing him in a tight embrace. His lips were on Tony like a firestorm, pressing back even harder, pulling Tony even closer.
I'm baaaaaack.
“Right,” he replied, instead. “I get it.”
The rough voice that answered him sent chills down his spine. Just like it used to. “Did you?”
Tony frowned, obviously not happy with the answer, so Steve stood, his lips meeting Tony’s easily. “Thank you for telling me,” he whispered before leaning back in for another kiss.
This was a man’s life, The Captain’s best friend. Tony knew he would be tearing up the entire state looking for Rhodey. He could do the man one final decency. Besides, with The Commandos so focused on Barnes, it would be the perfect opportunity for Tony to slip right through his fingers for good.
Steve could feel the heat of some of The Commando’s gaze on him from across the room. This is not how he pictured this conversation going. “Look, even Bruce gets to go!” Tony shouted, gesturing to where the doctor was packing up his things.
Tony felt his armor surround him, blasting off before it even finished locking into place. Steve would follow him in the quinjet. Tony needed to get to Stark Industries now.
Tony bounded up the steps to the main floor and out the nearest door. He couldn’t pick up on any familiarities, but was that? Yep. The Captain had been so nice as to leave the car he took Tony from out front.
Steve looked at the ground, shifting his weight between each leg. “Sorry?” he tried.
He set up shop in lower Manhattan. Corruption was like currency there, more than enough for him to keep busy. To keep exposing.
Clint deflated, but nodded, heading out the door quickly and silently.
Steve Rogers stared down the road, Tony Stark and his ride long gone.
Howard got louder, voice frantic and heated, the severe tone pounding into Bucky’s head.
“We mourned you,” he said hollowly, not even turning around. “We all did, in our own way. Christ, I spent this whole time thinking I was part of the reason that you- ” Tony broke off. “They tried to find your body, you know. For Clint’s sake. To give him some closure I guess, I don’t know. It makes sense now why they couldn’t ever find you. They just figured that Pierce had just dumped you in a hole somewhere.”
“What do you want me to do, give in?” Tony snapped, gasping as the sudden anger jarred his bruised ribs, the latest addition to the artwork his captors were trying to make out of him.
Tony glared at Barnes, chucking his comb at the other man in retaliation. But of course, because god forbid Tony catch a fucking break, Barnes snatched the comb in midair.
Clint jolted, body spasming in his bed. “Alright, you win,” be grumbled, blindly feeling around his nightstand for his hearing aids. He jammed them in and sent a dirty glare to his new dog. “What, do you need to go out?”
Immediately, he could feel some of the tension leave his body, meeting the comforting scene of the ramshackle hovel he called a home. Steve walked through the entryway and tugged off his jacket, hanging it neatly on a set of hooks on the wall.
“Dead body,” responded The Captain.
Tony tried to jerk away from Barnes’ reach, resulting in Pepper to bang her hand along the inside of the reactor casing. Tony groaned, barely audible in the angry beeps of the EKG. Barnes backed away as if he’d been burned, resorting to awkward hovering over Tony’s form, eyes darting between Tony’s face and the heart-rate monitor.
Tony opened his mouth to reply, no doubt another scathing comment, but the argument was broken by a high-pitched whine cutting across the air, the Iron Man suit touch landing right behind Tony, opening automatically.
There was a long stretch of silence as Tony tried to figure out what he was going to say to him. What could he say? “I’m sorry,” was all he settled on.
Clint turned his head to Natasha. “Well, if we’re being technical, it’s
Not even attempting to try and get the cat himself, Steve turned the tree parallel to the ground, shaking it softly as the owner reached her hands out for the cat. Gun shots echoed through the square, as the criminal’s car swung into view, the cops not far behind. Steve snapped his attention back to the cat, shaking harder.
Tony shrugged. “Who knows. I don’t have time to worry about what day it is. It wastes brain space.”
He knew that voice. He could hear Bucky hiss out a protest, but Steve charged in. He didn’t see anyone, nor was he immediately shot. Of course, his vision was limited, the entirety of the SSR files stacked in neat rows on the main floor. There was a slight movement that caught his eye, a figure looming on the open balcony, above them.
Clint placated.
Back at base, Steve could see that some were still working on clean up from the explosion earlier today. He snapped at Clint to go to medical to get his chest wound taken care of, taking in the small flinch Clint made from the sound of his voice.
It’s a good thing that she can operate a different way.
A soft sigh echoed through the room.
“So then why can’t we all leave now?”
his brain hissed at him.
“What did he say?”
Tony’s tongue ran over his digits, leaving no skin untouched. Steve watched in wonder, feeling himself grow impossibly harder.
Natasha thought to herself. This is how she ended up sucked into the life of this gang. The undying loyalty, the love they had for each other. Loyalty wasn’t something new for her, but she’d been shocked all those years ago, when Steve first threw together The Commandos, that it could be given without anyone being bought or beaten.
“You do? Is he another mob man? If he’s running HYDRA, he’s gotta be a prominent figure, but I don’t think I have any files on anyone named Pierce.”
Like walking into a house and seeing all the family photos adorn the walls, hanging happy memories to remember in years to come.
blew my cover. Besides, there’s too many of them here. I should have known that sneaking you out wouldn’t have been an option. All we have to do is reach the door and we’ll be golden.”
He woke to a wet tongue licking a stripe across his cheek. He groaned, trying to bat it away, but it only encouraged the tongue to start on his fingers, chasing the remnants of his earlier eaten snack away. “Lucky,” he hissed, more like an unintelligible moan, as he tried to hide into his pillow. The movement did stop the licking, but victory was short and sweet, as a cold nose jabbed him in the base of his neck.
Bucky threw Clint to the ground, choking off the other man’s screams, trying to protect him from gunfire. Clint tried to stand back up, but Bucky was one step ahead, pushing him back down to the ground.
“Nope, something better.”
Steve forced Stark to meet to gaze. “No. You listen to
Steve paled, unable to stop himself from risking a glance at Tony. With this type of power, Pierce really could wipe out the rest of them without getting his hands dirty. If they didn’t get those hands back on Pierce’s files, they’d all be done for.
Barton’s voice trickled out behind him. “Oh, yeah," he said, huffing out a laugh. “Couldn’t get the bastard to shut up.”
Tony is constantly suffering from night terrors and panic attacks. The last one he had in bed had actually left Steve with a broken nose. Of course, super soldier he was, it healed by morning, but the damage it had done to Tony had lasted.
The goon to Raza’s right growled, shifting his hand on his gun.
“Oh, no,” Tony said. “I am not getting a picture with this monstrosity. Tony Stark doesn’t
“I called in reinforcements right after you were taken. I went to see Pepper.”
“Listen; program the backup suit to my coordinates. And connect me with Romanoff.”
He hadn’t planned to start his workout so late; when he woke up this morning, Steve was in utter shock.
Bucky froze.
Steve shook his head. “He didn’t say anything to me. Maybe he wanted to work on finding out who was attacking his warehouses? But Tony’s a multitasker. If he had another thing to take care of, he would just take that time away from sleep instead of skipping work.”
Steve liked the idea of not knowing, the ambiguity. The fact that he would never know if he was ever right about these people. Steve liked to think that he was always was. That they weren’t just average. That they were heroes, each in their own way.
And then there was nothing. Wait, there was something. Was there crying? Who was crying?
Steve huffed out a laugh of his own, pulling back slightly to meet Tony’s eyes again. “You are unbelievable,” he gasped.
Tony gulped. “I’m just saying. Coulson’s dead and I’m pretty sure it was my fault.”
“Where would you take me?” Tony whispered.
Tony grabbed Steve hand before it pulled away, placing kisses on the inside of his palm. “But you
Bucky reared back, jabbing a finger into Clint’s chest. “Don’t you dare say that I don’t care about him. He was my family too.”
"Not a talker? Don't worry, we'll get right down to business then. You see, Captain, I need something from you. There's been whispers on the street about you, and I know that a lot of people will pay top price for what you know. I need your name, Captain."
“What if HYDRA already knows?”
Barnes just sent him an unimpressed look from where he was perched on the bar, taking a swig of the alcohol left out, straight from the bottle. “Easy, Princess,” he chided, once he’d pulled away from the lip of the bottle.
When Steve finally pulled the covers away and slipped out of the bed, Tony couldn’t follow, the lingering cold that was left in his wake too encompassing to escape. Steve had to reach back down for him, gentle hands helping him stand. A final kiss was pressed against his head and Steve was moving again, over to their clothes.
his mind hissed.
It wasn’t his blood.
Natasha shook her head. “Wasn’t Clint. It’s definitely HYDRA.”
Tony could almost hear his father rolling over in his grave.
“You think your dad didn’t tell me about this place?” Obie laughed. “Howard and I came here all the time for night-caps. Your mother didn’t like us drinking in the house.”
More shots echoed throughout the building. Zola had brought reinforcements. He looked back to where Bucky had taken his own cover, dipping out only to fire a few shots. He wouldn’t have enough ammo. Not enough to fight off the men that Zola had with him, especially with the guns that they were using. He needed to get Bucky safe.
A reprieve, if only a distraction, from the outside world. That being said, as much as she loved working with the children, the price of having to deal with the parents was almost too high.
Steve let Bucky push him back down onto the bed. “What happened?” he asked.
he means it. Not being a genius himself it’s hard to compare, but he liked to think it was a literal itch under Tony’s skin, the brain refusing to rest before new ideas where shot out into physicality. Even if that meant getting an idea at three in the morning.
“Come on, cowboy,” Tony husked when he broke away, pushing Steve’s head downwards. “You were late to dinner, so you’ve got a lot of making up to do.”
“Steve, you aren’t thinking straight!” Bucky snapped at him.
“Where have you been?” Clint ignored her.
a deadly whisper on the streets. Whenever dealing with some of their more gruesome foes, The Captain would always send Barnes in to… eradicate the problem. People said that if you ever managed to survive an encounter with The Captain’s top dog, you ended up feeling like death anyway. They say facing off against him is like facing the Grim Reaper himself; his cold, empty eyes and threatening words enough to turn your veins to ice from fear alone.
“Don’t be a beast, it wasn’t
Steve’s jaw tightened, but didn’t bother responding. Instead, he surged toward Stark, swinging a fist towards his face. It hit the target perfectly, but Stark managed to roll with the blow, the shorter man’s elbow coming up to catch Steve along the side.
To: Sam Wilson
His Steve. With his open, concerned face. With his soft smile and kind eyes. Tony watched him as he continued. “
Steve sighed, sitting back down in his chair and began to wait until everyone would fall asleep. Then he would make his move. Then he’d finally save his family.
The meeting of course, went spectacularly.
Hammer glared at him, urging him to continue. “He tried to tell me something and then- boom. Bullet in the head. All he managed to get out was ‘The Captain’.”
Tony thought as Barton raced over to the couch.
His muscles burned but he pressed forward, gasping in relief when he saw the cars. Instead of heading straight to his, Tony ran up alongside The Captain’s, dropping the unfilled water bottles and near empty sugar bag to the ground and opened the gas tank.
Bucky was right. Stark was their only hope. Clint could only pray that the man would come through.
“I-I don’t… what’s happening?”
he thought to himself. Those nosy busy-bodies just needed a cover to snoop on their neighbors. Bucky usually hid out in his house to avoid the group at all costs, but it seemed that they had caught on. Mrs. Danowitz was probably waiting in her own house, peeking out from her blinds until she saw him step outside.
No one saw it coming.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I don’t need you to coddle me, Steve. I’m a big boy; I know how to take care of myself.”
“Phil,” Tony whispered. “This isn’t just beat cops anymore, this is the FBI we’re talking about here.”
“Well, he popped up when we had our first meeting. What do you say about having another little rendezvous?”
Sorry Civil War, I know which direction you wanted me to go, but I refuse to acknowledge your existence.
He should have made Steve bring Bucky with. He shouldn’t have let him leave Bucky there. He should’ve convinced Steve. Clint should’ve stayed. He should have known, he should have known, he should have-
“Wanda,” Clint whined. “This is serious. I really need you guys on this one.”
“You want me to behave or enjoy myself? You can’t ask for both,” Tony snapped right back.
“We’ve still got a few to drop off, but soon you’ll be able to talk with everyone again,” said Steve. “It’s the best thing we can give you for now.”
“We did,” the blonde confirmed.
“No, I’ll be fine," Tony dismissed. "What if there’s another attack, Steve? You might need everyone. Besides, I’ll be at the office. Nothing gets past my security.”
end up dead.”
“I’d like to think it was my own spunk that got me where I am today,” Tony drawled.
“It makes sense why you wouldn’t have told Bucky or I, but would you keep it to yourself? You spent the last year and a half getting rid of the remnants of Extremis, but you were just going to settle for it? Even when you were sick you knew when it got bad enough to tell someone else,” said Steve. “You would have told someone. You would have told
The weapon was pointing at the door before Tony could protest, Steve’s chest heaving as he looked for a potential threat.
Steve grinned at the other man. “You tell me. Look out the window.”
under his breath. They clashed back together, both of them fighting for dominance, trying to take everything they could from the other. Tony could feel Steve’s erection burning along his thigh and Tony moaned, already reaching down to grasp it in his hand.
a delivery with a dirty joke? I’m sorry, who are you and what have you down with Steve Rogers?”
Steve startled and pressed his fingers into his eyelids, sighing deeply.
Ward nodded, walking back towards the office door.
“Someone threw a bomb in the middle of the street?” Clint’s lifeless voice questioned. “Oh boy, now people can’t get to work on time. Real bummer.”
“Fifteen, Sir.”
In front of him, SHIELD agents were spread out all over the floor. Dead.
JARVIS had been scouting the locations for the past few days, collecting data from the cameras and online sources. Tony had to be smart about this. If the explosion taught him one thing, it was that HYDRA was a much bigger threat than he had anticipated. And, with the lack of muscle on his side, Tony had to try less than conventional routes to ensure a victory. Not that he was worried. Tony had won more with less. Besides, he got to do things his way now; there was no doubt in his mind that he could find the heart of HYDRA by the end of the week.
Tony narrowed his eyes, trying to think of anything that Wilson would be asking of Barnes to warrant such a reaction.
need your help.”
When Tony was fully seated, both men stilled. Time stopped as they gazed into each other’s eyes; lust was thick in the air. Steve moved his hands up to Tony, moving past his hips and threading his hands with Tony’s.
Tony scoffed. “I’m not a child, Steve.”
Placing the apple down, he wiped his hand on his pants quickly before answering the call. “Hello?” he answered.
Tony thought. The lobby was still swarmed with press and a bunch of employees that Tony really couldn’t be bothered to deal with right now. He spun around the hallway until he found a single door, not hesitating to tug Coulson over. Thankfully, the door was unlocked, and soon Tony had both himself and Coulson crammed in what looked to be a supply closet.
“Alright. Let’s take care of this then,” Everyone in the room startled when Fury finally spoke. “Rogers, lead a team there.”
His face was twisted and red with anger, as if he was wearing the Skull mask. “He sends his regards,” she said sweetly.
“Did I hit a nerve?" Loki chided. "Besides, you’ve brought him so far into this that it’s impossible to leave him out, don’t you think?”
The man was huge; if Tony listened closely enough, he could probably hear the clothes straining, trying to contain his bulk. The room was dark; the only light coming from a flickering bulb, but Tony could still make out the steely blue eyes that pierced him from across the room. Tony repressed a shudder. He was an intimidating man, sure, able to bring any business man to his knees in seconds. But Muscles over there did not sit well with Tony. Not that Tony would ever give him the satisfaction of knowing that. This wasn’t the first time Tony had ended up in some dank and smelly room, waiting for some second-rate criminal to try and strike a deal with him.
He slipped down the produce aisle, looking around. Down at the other end, there was a mother with her young child, looking at the canned items.
Also, what team are you on? I'm a heathen, and I'm on team #burntmallow. Golden brown marshmallows are good, but nothing can beat the crunch of a burnt marshmallow on a S'more.
Sam furrowed his brow. “What do you mean he hasn’t been reported?”
The nurse ignored him. “You’re still bleeding. Let us help.”
Steve scoffed, his face burning with rage. “Well, excuse me,
. Who did you blab to? There was no one else around when you met with me; HYDRA shouldn't have known. Unless of course, you went around and ran your mouth all over town. What'd you say? Trying scare tactics? Send HYDRA running to the hills, telling them that I was already working with you?!"
You don’t belong here; we don’t even want you here. One word from me and you’ll be done for. So you better tread lightly, Stark, because I’m not one to be- ”
“The deal I made with him. I would supply any information proving Pierce’s guilt and involvement with HYDRA, and in return, I would be absolved of the requirement to testify to any and all of The Commandos whereabouts and crimes, both past and present. The times that I did have to include them to use as evidence against Pierce, well, don’t worry about it. I got you all immunity. They can’t touch you.”
“No kidding,” Steve breathed. “We need a win; something to remind everyone about the common goal ahead.”
Pepper downed the rest of her drink. “Now, you stay sitting and start thinking of a plan to get Tony back. I’ll get JARVIS to start decrypting that email; maybe we can back trace it. But first, if you’ll excuse me, I need to make a quick phone call.”
Tony looked back at the water again.
Steve’s eyes shot to his stump. “It’s not a disability,” he hissed. “You shouldn’t say that.”
Tony hung up, throwing the phone into the passenger seat and tore out of the driveway towards Asgard’s New York office.
Barton, still silent, walked behind Delmar.
“You know, the last time I saw him we had a fight.” Pepper’s eyes softened as Steve continued. “I yelled at him; For heaven’s sake Pepper, I called him Howard. I’ve never hated myself more than after the things I said to him. And then I went to the lab, and I saw him, and I just- ” Steve broke off into fresh sobs, his hands cupping his face, catching every single tear. “He was dying and I thought I was too late again. Too late to tell him that I was sorry or that I loved him. I thought I wouldn’t be able to tell him that ever again.”
he thought to himself.
came the retort.
“Son of a bitch!”
The Captain's eyes snapped to the south entrance where a loud bang reverberated through the room, as if it happened on cue, before landing back on Tony. "Oops," the brunette smiled.
Steve felt Tony suck in a quick breath, but didn’t respond, opting to instead grab at one of Steve’s hands, linking them together. Steve clutched back tightly, gripping Tony as a life line. “How long?” Tony finally asked.
“What about the one that fell into the fire?”
“Tony!”
“Because it’s not an op!”
Barnes huffed. “Yeah; guy was just like you. He came in with his suits and fancy words, and well, the rest is history.”
Obie was silent for a minute, shooting an unreadable expression at Tony. “What, like arc reactor technology? That was a publicity stunt, Tony. We haven’t made any advancement in that field in over thirty years. Isn’t that right?”
Steve shrugged, rubbing a hand against the back of his neck. “I didn’t think that far ahead,” he admitted.
He heard Sam sigh next to him. “You gotta give me more than that. I’d find better answers talking to a wall.”
Zola just smiled back at him through the screen.
“We’re here, Sir. Have been for five minutes. Are you ok?”
“So, you’re telling me that Stane has gone AWOL?”
For the first time in a very long time, Tony found himself smiling. “Thank you.”
“I CAN’T!” Steve finally shouted. “Can’t you see that?!” Steve was gasping for breath, his whole body trembling, but he couldn’t discern if it was from the spar or just his overwhelming emotions. “I can’t sleep, Buck. I won’t sleep. The last time I went to sleep with the threat of HYDRA around, Bucky, I woke up and
He started looking forward to SHIELD consultations; giving him some form of excitement. Not like he would ever tell Fury for that matter. Or Pepper.
Steve didn’t smile back, pulling away from Tony again. “I didn’t do much of a stand up job last time,” he whispered.
Before Tony could grunt out a complaint, a bag was thrown over his head and hands were grabbing his arms, dragging him out of the room. From the sounds of a scuffle behind him, Tony could assume that they were dragging Yinsen along for the ride as well.
But it was real. The wall was covered in blood. His blood. It might was well have been on Steve’s hands. This was all his fault.
He discreetly adjusted his pants, hoping Bucky hadn’t caught him. He eyed the sheets again. Looks like he finally found a winner.
Tony groaned. “No. Absolutely not. What the hell are they gonna do, Pep? They’re just gonna get in the way. Quit worrying; We’ll do what we always do. Lay low for a little while and then pay the big man off. See? Problem solved.”
“I don’t deserve it any more than you, or the others,” he argued.
He was always so dramatic.
Steve hopped on his bike, heading further downtown.
“You’re worried.”
Hammer coming to him about Stane’s betrayal gave him the edge he was looking for. With Stane chasing a faulty name, it gave Pierce ample room to swoop in and get The Captain before anyone else got too close. Unfortunately for Hammer, he wouldn’t be keeping Stark. While Pierce was glad that Hammer had chosen his side, it didn’t change his end game. Hammer was joking himself if he thought himself as anything but a pawn. Stark was too favorable for HYDRA’s cause for Pierce to just hand him over for Hammer to play with.
that there was a line, a line we wouldn’t cross. Are you dealing under the table to mobs?”
Tony eventually had to pull away for air, but that didn’t stop Steve form peppering kisses on the rest of Tony’s face. “I'm ok, big guy; We’re ok,” Tony said.
“Are you really trying to buy me right now?” Barnes looked at him incredulously.
“Come on,” Bucky said into his ear, pulling Steve gently towards one of the bedrooms. “Something tells me you won’t have trouble sleeping tonight.” Steve went without hesitation, still too caught up in his friend’s warmth. Steve should have realized what Bucky was doing; he did it all the time when Steve was nothing more than a twig. Steve was too passionate, too head strong and stubborn. He would bottle everything up until he just about exploded, getting Steve caught up in way too many fights. Bucky would take him home and clean him up each time, pestering Steve to take better care of himself. It wasn’t too long before Bucky started to provoke him, getting Steve to fight him, let the weaker man get in a few punches, both tiring Steve out as well as keeping him safe from picking a fight with a stranger. Turns out some things never change.
“So you admit to being a crook?”
“Get what? I had a
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“You’ll have to be a tad more specific. I do lots of things.”
“Please, that was hours ago,” he jested.
And Steve did. He threw together the shadiest looking team that could have possibly ever existed. A team that was so different, but one in the same. A family. A bunch of toy soldiers in an old shoe box, all from the same mold.
Stark nodded, slipping his phone into tailored suit. “Well then. This was fun, but I’ll, uh, just leave you to it,” he said, gesturing to the dead body.
Steve looked away, embarrassed. “Um, this is all I have.” Natasha looked at him, and if Steve looked closely enough, he thought he could see some sympathy in her eyes.
See, Tony may have liked Thor at one point, with his huge smile and innocent foreign thing he had going on. But it was just politics, your typical Shakespeare scenario. Their parents hated each other so it only made sense that Romeo and Tybalt wouldn’t get along. And yes, of course Tony was Romeo in this situation.
Tony knew he had seen the missing arm; there was no way he could've missed it. But Rogers wouldn’t take his eyes away the screens, staring straight into the constant jump on the EKG machine. “You saved him,” Rogers whispered, finally able to pull his eyes away from his best friend. He was crying again.
“Camp Lehigh?” Natasha asked, reading a rusted sign. “An army base?”
Steve cracked his eyes open, grateful when he was met with a muted light instead of a blinding one. His vision was soon blocked off by his friend, Steve blinking rapidly until the concerned face drew into focus.
The Monger's voice carried through the phone.
“Maybe,” Steve agreed. “But for what?”
He could feel Steve’s arms wind around him, his voice murmuring soft nothings in his ears, but Tony yanked back, trying to pull away. How could he show up here like nothing was wrong? Where had he
“I’m sure I can find something,” Fury deadpanned. “I can get pretty creative.”
“I’m not finished,” Pierce said, gesturing for the man to sit back down.
“I just- I needed a moment,” Tony finally said, a cold pit settling in his stomach. “I was just- ”
“You look like shit. Who’d we accidently kill today?” Bucky’s amused voice trailed in to the kitchen.
“Really? No offense, but I didn’t think it was going to be that easy,” Natasha interjected.
While his skills would have worked on any unsuspecting citizen, Clint got more than he bargained for by taking on Steve's second in command. The fact that Steve was nearby definitely didn't help Clint's cause either.
“The attacks. What if they were all done by different people?”
Bucky patted his back before pushing him back up. “Yeah, well someone’s gotta keep you in line. Now come on, in the bed. Time for us to get some shut eye, before I grow a conscience and decide you’re too smelly to sleep next too.”
There was a small kitchen to the right of him, matching the rest of the floor’s theme. It was laid out in an open floor plan, which Steve greatly appreciated. There were no confining walls, just open, breathable air.
What a bitch that day had been. Slipping away from his boss during the day and hiding in the loading dock until the coast was clear. Then, trucking it out to the field to start on a section, before racing back before anyone noticed. What everyone thought was a singular fire was actually multiple, spread out throughout the day, whenever Clint could spare a few minutes to get away. Clint had reached his step goal five times over that day.
Sparky didn’t even seem fazed. “Now, remind me. What are you going to do?”
Pierce turned to look at his associate, staring at him with a feral grin. “I didn’t say anything about scaring The Captain.”
Steve finally pulled away for air, gasping into to Tony’s neck. Tony quickly took control, ripping at Steve’s clothes, pushing him towards the bed.
Steve rubbed at his forehead. How the hell was he supposed to answer that. It’s not like he had really been focusing on anything, except for the gun, and the cold, the cold,
“No,” Steve blurted. “God, no. It’s just… I haven’t really been in his corner, for a while, actually. With everything that’s happened, he’s really needed me, but I haven’t been there. He hasn’t had a chance to really let it out – and with this news, I have a feeling he’s gonna burst. Let me be the scapegoat. I’ll sit with him and let him wear himself out while you get some semblance of a plan to get Phil back together. We’re gonna need to give Clint something before he goes in guns-blazing into the FBI headquarters.”
“Why did you even save any of them?” Bruce asked. “Not that I want to have this conversation with you, but you do understand you can find that stuff on the internet?”
Tony snorted. “Steve, I love you, but if we’re gonna make this work, you gotta be more than Captain America. You know that, don’t you?”
No, this was wrong. This didn’t happen. This can’t have happened. That’s his arm. He can’t lose his arm. This wasn’t real. This
"Sir, he doesn't have any- "
“Don’t be an ass, Rogers,” Bucky replied, shifting on to his knees. “Let’s light this candle.”
Tony paused, digesting Steve’s statement. “Well, you’re a smart man,” he finally said, directing the conversation to saver territory. “Now that one,” he said grabbing Steve’s hand to point at another cluster. “That’s Taurus. It involves some guy and a bull.”
A quick kiss was pressed to his cheek before the two were surrounded in comfortable silence yet again. He knew this conversation was far from over, but Tony knew that Steve wasn't going to push him about it now. Tony contemplated falling asleep again, feeling safe in Steve’s arms when there was a sharp rap against the door.
Tony must have sensed the trepidation as he continued, more manic than before. “I wasn’t sure how many to get, but you can’t be too safe, you know what I mean? Think of all the things you can use it for! There’s tons of natural light, so you could have your own studio, Steve, and Bucky, you can have a huge kitchen for baking! Anything you want, just name it.”
Which was not good, because at this point Tony would be running out of things to ramble on about. That is, of course, if the guy had made any demands.
His suspicions were confirmed when he entered the room to find Hammer’s goon already whimpering, throwing in a few body thrashes when he noticed Steve enter the room. Steve smirked. While Steve’s Captain visage was terrifying to most, being on the other side of an interrogation with Thor is absolutely hellish. Thor had that confidence, border lining on cockiness; a dominant power no matter what room he walks in. Hell, Thor hasn’t even touched this guy yet and he already looked like he was five seconds away from soiling himself. Then again, Hammer and his men are as cowardly as they come.
“No, no, it’s ok. I’ll just stay here.” Steve walked back over to the skyline, eyes tracing the unfamiliar buildings.
he thought as his eyes drifted shut.
Trembling with anger, Tony stomped towards the door, pleased when Rogers didn’t try to reply. “I’d wish you luck,” Tony added, sending one final glance at Rogers, “but there have already been too many lies between us.”
"Oh, it does. It's a win-win for everyone," Steve laughed. The elevator stopped and the pair got out, walking towards Tony's car. "Come home with me?" Steve asked, holding the door open for Tony.
“You haven’t
She raised a single eyebrow, face still blank.
“You’re lucky I like you, Banner,” Tony grumbled, preening when Bucky filled another mug and handled it to him.
Fury scoffed. “What, am I just supposed to take your word on this? I shake hands with now, only to find out your lead is nothing but is a pile of horseshit?”
Bucky’s hands tightened on the wheel, pressing harder on the gas pedal as they raced through the cramped New York streets – well, as much as one could race through them. Bucky swerved left, just dodging the station wagon that had cut them off, speeding past them with a metal middle finger pressed against the glass. Beside him, Tony didn’t even comment on the erratic driving, his eyes never leading the phone in his hands, fingers typing wildly on the screen.
Stark nodded, pulling out of his grip. “Besides, it doesn’t matter. Regardless of everyone sabotaging each other, Steve was still right. We do have a common goal; we can work together. Except this time, it’s not about HYDRA. It’s about saving The Captain.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes before dutifully following Natasha through the back door and up the stairs.
“Tony,” Steve sighed. “I just… yeah, okay, you’re right,” Steve finished, but Clint could tell that it was more or less said just to stop the argument from continuing.
Clint Barton slammed through the door, taking the steps two at a time. His breath was shallow, but he could barely hear them over the harsh pants coming from behind him.
“If you insist.”
Stane and Hammer had been over the moon. With the two of them divided, there was no way they could withstand another push from HYDRA. Tony Stark and The Howling Commandos would be brought to their knees, for good this time.
“That’s not the point Steve! I waved it through security. If I hadn’t done that, they would have scanned and found the bomb in there.”
“lost track of time. I guess I’ll head- ”
But even though he’d escaped the flames now, Clint was nowhere out of the fire yet. It must have been HYDRA that did this; there was no doubt about it. They were still out there. What if they came back to finish the job?
The Captain rolled his eyes. "HYDRA probably had someone planted there ready to take action if the bomb didn't kill you. We should be safe here. For now."
“You haven’t told him.”
“What the hell is going on here?” Nick Fury stepped through the door to take in the scene. He looked at Rumlow on the floor, and sighed. “Dumb ass kid.” With that he motioned for Steve to enter, and shut the door behind him.
He stuck around in D.C., working for the new foundation – it was the least he could do for his best friend, the man for whom he owed his life.
Pierce smiled again, walking at a brisker pace. Today was a good day.
“Good,” she winked.
Steve didn’t say anything this time, but instead brought his head down to mouth at the top of Tony’s dick. Tony cried out, his movement pushing Steve’s fingers in deeper. The gentle suction and occasional prods of Steve’s tongue had him grabbing at Steve’s hair, rushed pleas flowing out of his mouth. Steve pulled back with a smile, letting Tony taste himself with a kiss. He felt Steve start to spread his fingers, stretching his rim.
Tony cursed, damning his past self to hell. “Pepper, Pep, you need to leave.
Stark rolled his eyes. “Will I get a treat?”
Clint had cried.
But it wasn’t working; nothing was working. Once a well-oiled machine, The Commandos had collapsed into a rusted over relic. Clint couldn’t remember the last time he got any sleep. Bucky was definitely thinner, Steve doesn’t draw anymore - doesn’t do much, really. It was wrong; everything was wrong.
A harsh laugh escaped The Captain’s lips, the man trying to give a weak smile to cover up his obvious pain. “Yeah, he’s, uh. He’s somethin’ else.”
“Captain,” Rhodes continued. “You’re here. You’re
Clint’s expression hardened, nodding quickly before scampering off to find the rest of his team.
He sprinted into the last turn of his run, trying to burn the last few calories before reaching the door. Which, of course, caused him to face plant into someone leaving the tower. That someone being Tony Stark.
Something was wrong. He knew, he just
Barnes laughed before pressing down farther on the gas pedal. “Turn off here. He should be straight ahead!”
It’s alright, I’m here now,” she said, rocking him slightly. She grabbed his face, forcing him to look at her. “This wasn’t your fault, Clint. Those that left were
“Tony.”
“Probably,” Steve agreed, still seemingly unperturbed. “Ask me how much I care,” he continued.
Clint didn’t realize when he started hyperventilating. It was all too much. If he was kicked off the Avengers, he would have nothing left. He needed this.
Tony smiled softly when he heard a small, “Thank you,” emitted from behind him.
Sam felt his own arms mirror on instinct, his lungs breathing in a familiar smell. “You’re really here,” he murmured softly.
“The first of many,” the man hissed. “Cut off one head and two more shall take its place.” Tony watched as the man’s tongue traced the inside of his mouth, before Tony heard a crack as the man bit down on something. “Hail HYDRA.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, but Clint could see the warmth in them. “Fine, but if my finger slips on the trigger one day, I will not be held responsible.” Clint jabbed the man in the stomach to get him back on track, which resulted with Clint getting a sharp slap to the back of the head. “What do you need, Stevie?”
” he hissed at the smaller man.
“No, it’s for S’mores. They’re a camping necessity.”
“Don’t be ridiculous," Tony scoffed. "Of course you can.”
They were only human, but they were a family.
Pierce could hardly believe his eyes as he stared down at the files before him.
“You’ll have to forgive him,” Tony continued. “He hasn’t had breakfast yet. He tends to get cranky if he hasn’t eaten. Well, more cranky than usual.” Steve continued to stare at the man as he kept talking. “Of course, who knows if food could’ve stopped that soap opera moment, am I right? I mean, that was pretty intense. You know what? I think it’s the hair. It adds that extra touch to the whole self-loathing thing he’s got going- ”
Tony picked up on a hint of a smile from The Captain. “It’s always nice to meet a fan.”
The world seemed to stop as he stared down the barrel of the gun, watching as the fireman pushed his finger against the trigger.
Dress shoes slapped against the tiles and Steve just barely caught Tony sliding back into the kitchen. “Please tell me world needs saving. JARVIS?”
“Sorry?” Steve tried. “I mean, I’m not going to be on my A game all the time.”
Somehow, someone upstairs had smiled down on him and his family.
“No need to be insulting,” Tony huffed. “The only worry here is if you can keep it hidden during your spot checks.”
The fact that people were now relating Tony to HYDRA was
“You should have shot me when my back was turned,” he snarled, pressing his gun harder against the governor’s head, the man sobbing lowly.
Barton rolled his eyes as he made another right turn. “Do you even know anything?! I’ve been in sleeper mode for years. I was supposed to make my move with the asset in Washington but Pierce pulled me out at the last second. Good thing he did too; turns out Rogers has a way of interrupting our plans,” he said with a sneer.
He had let Tony go ahead. He let Tony go ahead
Tony picks and chooses the mobs he deals with, which of course always lands him some enemies. Tony only deals with the mobs that still have scraps of humanity, like Xavier’s people, Danvers, and sometimes even Quill’s crew. He picks them based on trust, which of course, seems ridiculous when dealing with a mob, but apparently trust is a very big deal with these people. Getting the Tony Stark seal of approval was a huge advantage.
“Just so I can rub it in your face that I can make them better than you? I thought you’d never ask.”
His stomach grumbled, and he sighed. If his grocery trip had been successful, he’d have started to make his morning dinner. He thought of the noodles Bucky had mentioned, but Steve decided against it, opting to snag an apple from the fruit bowl on their kitchen table.
“Let me guess, he had one hand on his go-bag before you had finished walking through the door?”
“It was my job to know,” Steve hissed pulling away from Sam. “Go. Find him,” he snapped. “Bring him home.”
But none of that mattered now. Tony glanced back over to the wreck.
Bucky huffed. "Come on, Steve. We haven't pulled a job in weeks. People are starting to get antsy! Let us have this one."
“It was,” Tony answered, walking towards where he’d set up a reclined medical chair. “It’s soon to be replaced,” he added, hopping up. “With this baby, right here.”
This was the reason why Clint couldn’t go back home; couldn’t go back to his team. He couldn’t deal with the death of Tony, especially because it was his fault. He couldn’t handle what they would say to him, what they would do to him. And now Clint was going to have to face his worst fears. With Pepper Potts of all people. He wouldn’t come out of this alive.
Even now, every day crammed in a smelly car on a race against time, Steve couldn’t keep the smile off his face. When Tony had first brought up the idea of a normal life, one that he’d consider sharing with Steve, Steve had agreed wholeheartedly, but soon cast it from his mind.
But it’s not like he thought too much about it. Steve had a taste for the arts, and being an artist, of course he could appreciate the different contours of the human face. That was all that was. Right.
“That was your agreement,” Hill hissed. “I need to get you out of here and on your way to your designated safehouse.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Steve smiled. “As always. Still sucks, though.”
he thought, grabbing his shield.
This was the only life they knew, secrets and lies their only comforts. That’s why complete trust was hard to come by. Each of The Commandos had had a lifetime of constantly watching their backs because they half expected their coworkers to stab them in the back. You couldn’t get mad at the guy next to you for lying when you were doing the same thing; because of it, however, trust was never an option. It wasn’t until The Commandos were formed that Bucky found how wrong he was.
“Steve you’re not listening! He was an employee. When Stane was still around.”
Tony sighed again, wiping away the errant affection. He cast a final look inside before turning around, stopping only to dump the rest of his spoiled coffee onto the ground. The house was silent –
Steve’s blood froze over. He knew exactly where he had heard it from.
Upon seeing that Steve was already crouched low to the ground, Sam began to follow, bending his front half down.
yes, it’s making me hot,” he snapped. “You guys are like a pair of industrial space heaters,” Tony continued. “And normally I love that! It’s like being wrapped up in a big, sexy, muscly burrito, but I just can’t anymore. I feel like I’m suffocating with all this heat. I just, I can’t sleep with you anymore. I can barely handle cuddling on the couch before I feel like I’m melting.”
“Pep, relax,” Tony interjected. “This isn’t the first tome someone’s tried to kill me.”
“Come on,” Bucky said, leading him into the building and towards reception.
“We can’t do this without Stark, you know that," Clint replied.
Although the meeting had ended, Tony had to entertain the commanding officers while Stane finalized the paperwork. Tony threw in a few fake smiles as he circled the room, nursing a scotch.
What was left of them.
Steve snorted. “The meaning is in its opposite. ‘Go Ugly Early’ means ‘Come Pretty Late’. Workers would whisper it in during store hours, and the customers that recognized the code would know that the bar would be open that night.”
Clint tore his gaze away, frowning as men continued to tear apart the lab. “How is he?”
“You have one from Mr. Stane regarding a business deal,” JARVIS started. Tony rubbed at his temples. Back to work for only a few days and Obie was already breathing down his throat to get him to start dealing to the mobs in New York. If anything, he was more adamant to decline. The last thing he needed was to get involved with another mob. For all Tony knew, he’d probably end up working for another one of Howard’s prodigies.
Steve reached forward with a trembling hand, finally clean of both of their blood, lightly grasping Tony’s. He traced over each of Tony’s fingers, counting the calluses as he went. Steve had always loved Tony’s hands, how they were such an enigma. That even though, in Steve’s eyes, Tony was an artist, his hands were the farthest things from their typical limb type. His skin raw, hardened and cracked instead of delicate. His fingers were short and stocky instead of the long ones needed to hold a paintbrush. But they represented Tony perfectly. His palette was metal and fire, not watercolors. It was a reflection of Tony, Steve thought. Rough around the edges, strong and durable; cracked and chipped away in some places, but always fresh skin underneath, always regrowing, never giving up. Sturdy and rough when needed, but still always managing to be gentle.
Immediately, a searing pain tore up his arm.
“Are you guys done?” Steve spun around to be met with Sam Wilson’s smirk.
“You really think Stark’s gonna come?” Clint prodded.
“Oh, now you wanna talk.”
“We’ve hit a small snag, however,” said Fury. “Our main suspect is a wily one. We can’t find him. He must have known we were on to him, so he flew the coop.”
“Fuck!” Tony shouted. “Are you sure?”
“We better pray that it is. Because if you can’t track Steve, then he’s a dead man.”
“I’m not exactly sure how to answer that,” replied Steve.
“You found me, didn’t you?” he started again.
Tony sputtered. “I gave you a heart attack?!
the bed,” Bucky replied, flipping Steve off over his shoulder. “Besides, that argument is moot considering you have your shield in here.”
“Afraid not,” Steve answered. “Gotta keep moving.”
“You may kiss your husband.”
Tony waited until she was long gone before speaking again. “Well if it isn’t the one arm wonder, himself.”
“Sounds nice,” Steve smiled.
It was when the fire started to show colors of red and blue that Clint managed to panic even more. Head snapping to the left, he could see trucks with siren lights approach the group. Clint jumped up, trying to pull Steve with him. “Steve! Come on, Steve, we gotta go! Get up, get up!” It was instinctive, his body finally accepting the command to attempt something as familiar as running from the cops. Anything to do,
The Captain nodded, moving around Tony to lean over his shoulder. “We find a computer, we find a location. And then we find HYDRA.”
return. But here he was, still sitting at Steve's table, returning to help clean up his mess anyway. “My brother is wilier than all of us combined," Thor spoke. "I cannot begin to fathom the acts that he’s done," he added, nodding at Steve, "but believe me when I tell you that I’m nowhere closer to getting my hands on him than you are.”
“So not the point I was trying to make here.”
“Seems to me that the board is getting more time with you than me.”
Steve just hummed, focusing on the meat in front of him. “That’s great,” he answered. God, he was so tired.
Looking down in his arms, Tony found himself frowning. This was going to be a problem. Sure, Tony had the cash on him to pay for the items but there was no way he could get out of there without raising suspicion. Especially with his arm drenched in blood.
Steve took a seat across from Fury’s desk, waiting for the one-eyed man to start.
he thought as he leaned down to steal another kiss from Tony.
“Shit,” Steve cursed into agreement.
Tony leaned over and shook his shoulder. “Barnes, you with me?”
“We’re going to have to move quickly,” he continued, ignoring her outburst, hand reaching out to grab the phone from DUM-E. “Nope, don’t put it back in,” he batted at Pepper’s hands.
“Come on, let’s deal with this.”
much less, manage to find a chuck of happiness in the world they live in? How could they have that when Ton-
Steve sucked in a breath through his teeth, muttering a quick breath. “I’m sorry, Tony.” His voice dripped with sincerity. Steve didn’t even like Obie. Said he had a bad feeling about him.
“Yeah, thought he’d drop by for a quick visit.”
Steve let his head fall forward onto Bucky’s shoulder. Even when he had nothing, he still had Bucky. “Thank you, Buck. Really.”
“Yes, he will,” Barnes countered. “Whenever Steve pushed in one direction you pushed harder in the other. You two could find a reason to argue about anything. I need you to go back there and tell him that he’s wrong and he’s being stupid. Because even though he doesn’t always see it your way, he’ll always stopped and listened.”
Her heels clicked on the floor as she stomped up to him, tossing some files at him.
hung in the air. “Something’s wrong, here.”
“You were always more than enough for me,” Bucky answered sincerely. Steve huffed, shoulders collapsing, and he shot Bucky a shy smile.
Clint hummed as he took another small bite from his hamburger – his third. Clint couldn’t remember the last time he ate that much. All he knew was that every single time his hand was empty of food, Tony was shoving something else in his face. Part of him wanted to snap out in a rage; the last thing he needed was another person trying to coddle him. Tony could probably give Steve a run for his money with the amount of nervous mothering he was doing. But the rest of him was, well, content. Happy almost, that Tony was there with him. Mainly because he refused to leave and Tony was more of a man-child than he was, but it was the thought that counted. He didn’t have a lot of moments like that growing up – it took him a long time to learn that it was okay to want that form of care. That he deserved it.
He would do it all, and not expect a damn thing in return. A pang shot through Steve’s heart each time it happened. The paparazzi constantly harassing the team for living with a loose cannon like Tony, his past and unreliability making him out to be no better than the villains they locked away. What was worse was that Tony actually seemed to agree with them.
“I’m just saying, if it gets to be too much, I can- ”
(See the end of the chapter for
Pietro crossed his arms, jutting out his lower lips. “Other kids get sent to the principal all the time.”
“Yea, yea,” Steve replied, coughing a few times as he struggled to stand up. While they had escaped the flames, Steve could feel the throbbing heat encase his left side, ugly bruising already appearing on his skin.
“Yes, Sir.”
The two slowly searched through each of the rooms, trying to ignore their past and look for anything useful to find Clint. “Anything?” Steve heard Tony ask from down the hall.
“No. That’s the problem.”
Bucky elbowed Clint in the side when he felt him shift next to him again. “Will you quit squirming?”
“Who else have you seen?”
And now, Tony was stuck under parts of his building, meaning he couldn’t even get out to see if Steve was alright.
“How are we gonna go about this?”
“No, Steve! Because in case you haven’t noticed, the goddamn building’s on fire!”
Steve learned that there was only one way to get that clean canvas again. To paint over his old life and pretend that no one would be able to chip back through. To make a shield.
That wasn’t supposed to happen. “I never said that,” Steve said quickly.
“If it means finds answers for Tony, then yes,” Bruce nodded.
Unfortunately for Steve, laughing as he licked his way into Tony’s mouth, it was the beginning of the end.
“I fear there is no stopping the man. I myself am having a hard time not going in there to finish the job.”
The team nodded at him, stern concentration written across all of their faces. Nat took off to the right instantly, Sam and Bucky backing up, getting ready to charge around the back. Tony stood up, intent on following the other two, but Steve grabbed his shirt collar.
But it didn't explain why he was still alive. HYDRA didn't seem to have a problem with setting off a bomb with him in it -
Until the rumors got back to Tony. Pepper had come in all flustered, telling him about what she heard from her secretaries.
“Because believe it or not, Mr. Stark, there are rules in the justice system. I can’t just have someone meet him in a dark alley to take care of the problem,” Fury responded, before turning to look at Steve. “That is how you have Barnes do it, right?”
Since these deaths –
Steve watched as Sam put the pieces together. “You’re joking,” Sam deadpanned. “The body?” When Hill nodded, Sam continued. “What would they want with Stark’s body?”
They couldn't let HYDRA get the jump on them again. Neither of them could afford the loss.
And it was all Steve’s fault.
Steve thought to himself.
“Who?”
“Steve,” Sam started.
Steve drew his arms around Tony, bracketing him before throwing a leg over, twisting the pair so Tony lay beneath him. His eyes were almost black as he gazed back up at Steve. His chest heaved, the glow of the arc reactor dancing around the room. He was so stunning. “My kingdom to have you like this forever,” Steve uttered.
Bruce held up a hand to stop him. “I know. I’m going in there right now with the surgeon, ok? I talked with the nurses to let you stay in the observation room while Tony’s in surgery.”
And you gave them all up and killed them. For what?”
While Tony saw his work in very high regard, he held himself to a pretty low standard. Tony knew he was nothing special; his dad has spent plenty of years drilling that into his brain. Living as he was, it was easy to forget that he wasn’t unique, that he wasn’t one of a kind. He wasn’t the only big guy walking around that had weight to their name. Leave it to The Captain to get a few words in to remind Tony that he isn’t any better than the homeless than sift through his trash.
“Meaning?”
“You see, this?” Tony said, gesturing between the other two men. “This is why you weren’t supposed to ever meet officially.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony swooped in, as if feeling Steve’s discomfort. “It could be Schmidt or it could be just some random guy on the street; it doesn’t matter. The Red Skull is a symbol. As soon as he starts popping up around town again, the whole city’s going to be in a panic. We need a plan.”
Loki mocked surprise. “Hit a nerve, did I? And what about you, Captain? They know you’re not dead. How long before they come back to finish the job? How long before they cart you back into that river. Maybe they’ll do it like they used to, and tie you to some cinderblocks. Just let it take you all the way to the bottom and let you drown, the last thing you’ll ever know is how cold- ”
Pepper slapped his chest. “You know what I mean,” she laughed. Another long pause stretched between the pair before she added, “You’re sure about this?”
“Come on, I’m taking you back to bed. I’ll call the doctor and Bruce, don’t worry about anything, I’ll take care of it, I’ll take care of
He shot another glare up at the sky, silently cursing the clouds. Not like there would be a much better view if it was clear. No stars; not this far into the city. His mother used to drag him onto the roof of his childhood apartment and say that New York had its own stars, ones that couldn’t be found anywhere else. The twinkling of the buildings around them, lights pulsing through the smog and pollution; their own personal Milky Way.
Tony was worth ignoring a discount. He deserved nice things. Not because he was a billionaire; Tony had made it extremely clear when he and Bucky started dating him that he didn’t need to be showered in luxury every time they went out on a date. In fact, Tony would be more than happy to eat greasy fast food in a parking lot each night if he could. But no, not on Steve’s watch. Tony deserved nice things because he was worth every penny. And more importantly, Tony was now
He didn’t know how he got there, but Bucky found himself pushed into Steve, his face smashed in the familiar shoulder, strong arms bracketed around him.
Bucky tugged on his shirt again, dragging him from his head to focus on the walk through their home. Their base, just some old abandoned warehouse from World War II, wasn’t much, but it was home. It was way too old, the walls and foundation creaking every once in a while, and way to cramped for the size of Steve’s crew.
“Steve, think about it,” replied Rhodes, walking over to the blonde. “That blast was huge. It happened mere minutes ago and it’s probably already covered by the news stations. Someone wants attention.”
On the far wall, a box of light flickered on – a laptop sitting on a dusty table. Steve walked towards it warily, gun still at the ready, Natasha’s steps falling right behind his. He could see a small camera sitting right next to the laptop, whirring softly as it moved, tracking Steve’s movements.
“These are the ones Tony likes.”
he would say.
“Just putting in my two cents, is all. What are you gonna do with those guns once you have them?”
“I should have,” Tony snapped, eyes burning and angry.
“You have a phone?” Tony panted next to Clint.
“Don’t be a baby,” Natasha sighed. She looked at the clock hanging in the room.
Please comment! Even though we are deep in the heart of this story, I'm still throwing in new names and new plots. If there are characters that I haven't mentioned or one you want to see more of, let me know! Most of my story follows crudely alongside the MCU, so if there are certain scenes that you want me to delve into, let me know! This is a very collaborative story. Know that I do read your comments and ideas and try to mix them in to the current backbone I've constructed. So let the ideas flow! I'm more than happy to hear your creativity/critique. (I'm always available on Tumblr as well if you wanna chat there!)
