Dean wasn’t ever the type for gooey romance, but coming from Cas it just felt right. It didn’t feel forced or staged, it felt genuine, and Dean couldn’t remember the last time he felt that kind of love.
It isn’t long before the credits roll and the TV returns to the main menu. There’s a moment where their eyes meet, but they avert their gaze just as quickly, unsure as to what to say or do next.
“A refill would be good.”
Cas couldn’t stop thinking about what it was going to be like. After they find Dean, after they beat Michael. Exactly what Dean were they going to get back? What Dean were they going to lose? Would they ever be able to just… stop? Say goodbye to all of the monsters and angels and war.
“Starting a new chapter with the love of my life.”
“It’s like kissing my sister,” Kevin exclaimed.
“Oh my god, make it stop!” Dean panics, sliding his hand all over the remote, trying to get the voice to shut up.
Sam nodded in agreement. “I’m not saying I like it, but look at the good that came out of it. Lucifer is dead. That’s a huge win. And if we can beat him, we can beat Michael too.”
Cas’s room was the exact opposite of Dean’s. In fact, the entire Novak family was pretty much the polar opposite of the Winchesters. Mr. and Mrs. Novak were happily married, and in addition to Cas, they had three other children, Gabe, who was the youngest, Michael who was the second youngest, and Anael, who was the oldest. Their house was always clean, never a dish in the sink, plus they had central air.
“Come on, I don’t need you wasting all your mojo on me. It’s a stomach ache, I’ll be fine.”
“Helping.” Cas’s hand began to glow as he placed it over Dean’s stomach. “I can heal you.”
“It tastes like chemicals.”
“Because I can.” Cas smiles. “And because I care about you. And this way, you won’t have to leave your brother behind. And, you know, I’d love to get to know you better, and that would be a lot easier if you were fixing ships on Earth instead of on the Moon.”
“You and the Mister up all night rough housing?” Benny joked.
“I’m gonna make you feel so good, baby.”
As they broke apart, Cas felt like he was flying. “That was amazing.”
It was sometime in the late afternoon when Cas showed up to the hospital. He really came right over after work. When he walked in, Dean was sitting in his bed, watching TV. As soon as Dean saw him, a huge smile swept over his face.
Cas turned around and was met with the smiling face and raised hand of Jack, welcoming him to heaven. Jack explained everything that happened since Cas was taken away, and told him they would need to start work on rebuilding heaven. It was a lot to take in, but he was grateful to see that his sacrifice helped save the world.
A little over an hour later, Dean texts him back. It’s short.
“You put your finger right here, and the computer registers the best movie or TV show for you to watch based on the kind of mood you’re in.”
“I’ll drink to that!”
“Dean, what’s going on?” Cas pushed himself off of Dean so they could both sit up on the bed.
“Thanks, Cas.”
“What?” Dean asked, eyebrow cocked, a hint of a nervous smile creeping to the corner of his lips.
“So dramatic.” Dean pulled out his phone and handed it to Cas. “You have two jobs today. GPS navigator and holder of snacks.” Dean set his bag of chips in Cas’s lap.
“My mom died when I was young too. It was just me, my dad, and my brother Sam.” Dean doesn’t talk about his personal life. Ever. But he thinks Cas, of all people, will understand where he’s coming from. And maybe he can let Cas know he’s not alone in all of this.
Their hands touch as they both reach into the bowl, and it makes Dean’s stomach flip, and wow, this is confusing. His cheeks are still flushed with embarrassment, and now he’s acting like a middle schooler because his hand brushed a cute guy’s hand. But screw it, he probably already made the biggest fool of himself possible, he might as well flirt.
Dean shook his head, a half-smile on his face. “I’m good, Cas. I’m going back to bed. Goodnight.”
Dean slid the ring on Cas’s finger before standing up and pulling him into a loving kiss.
“So,” Dean started, spinning a clump of noodles on his fork, “did you always want to be a mad plant scientist?”
amazing.”
Dean smiled, the very one Cas hoped would stay on his face forever, and just looked at Cas. He had a glint in his eye like he saw the rest of his life sitting before him. “You have no idea how long I’ve waited to do that.”
Dean didn’t know what to say. He couldn’t tell the truth, but lying wasn’t going to work out for him either. He tried to run to the door, but John grabbed his wrist and pulled him back to the center of the room.
They laughed, and finished setting up the backyard. They put most of the snacks on a worn-down picnic table that John had built years ago, and Charlie hung some Christmas lights over the back door.
“Actually, before you do that,” Dean pulled his phone from his pocket, “Selfie time!”
Cas offered his condolences, but Dean was pouting. He didn’t like to lose.
“About that. There’s something I need to tell you and I don’t know how you’re going to take it.” Cas set his pretzel down on a napkin and nervously wiped his hands on his pants. He should’ve pre-planned what he was going to say because, in the moment, all he could come up with was a bunch of word jumble. He was sitting across from his best friend, trying to find the best way to say that he doesn’t want to be friends anymore. “Look, we’ve known each other for over a year now, and we’re best friends, and I love spending time with you.”
Despite his feelings of dread, Dean headed into the backyard, which was littered with cups, bags, and plates. If he hurried, he’d be able to get it done before John got home. He grabbed a trash bag and filled it as quickly as possible, he folded all the chairs and stored them back in the garage, then he grabbed the leftover pizza and put that in the fridge. Hopefully that would suffice as dinner, because Dean didn’t cook.
How could he say no to that?
Dean let the pump run while he ran in the store to grab a water and use the bathroom. He was shocked to find there was a line. There was never a line for the men’s bathroom. Guess there’s a first time for everything.
Cas wrote the final list on the jumbo piece of paper before ripping it off the pad and taping it to his wall.
Dean smiled, and dug into his breakfast.
“I don’t mean to sound rude or ungrateful, but why are you being so sweet on me?”
After high school, Dean took a job fixing cars at his uncle’s auto shop. He was damn good at it too. Cas knew if things had been different, if Dean had been dealt a better hand in life, that he would’ve gone on to college and became a huge success. But life wasn’t fair.
“Whoa there buddy, you might actually want to chew the food. Your body is going to have a hard enough time trying to break down all the grease and carbs as it is.”
Dean scooted over so he was sitting closer to Cas, and to anyone else it would’ve been obvious, but Cas was too nervous to pick up on subtext, and began rambling.
“The coolest feature is the mood recommendation.”
After about 15 minutes, Dean finally made it back to the car. He shut the gas tank and got back in the driver’s seat, where he found Cas, eyes wide with guilt.
Another lie. “He pities you.”
“Hey! What kind of pie is your mom making?”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were about to propose to me,” Cas said, blushing as he finished his glass of champagne.
“I’m back, and I come bearing gifts!” Cas sat on the edge of the bed, carefully handing the hot mug of tea over to Dean. Just as he expected, it was sweet and creamy. Dean took small sips, trying not to seer his tongue, but failing miserably. The burn wasn’t entirely unwelcome.
Dean opened the bag and pulled out a pile of hand-colored paper bees. They would’ve been hand drawn as well, but Dean tried, and it came out looking like when people who have no cooking experience try to make pancake art. So, he printed out a bunch of black and white pictures and colored them in.
“I had a friend pick them up for me.”
“Yeah, let’s take it again.”
“No, I’m fine. Sorry. Just… thought I felt a bug on my leg,” Dean lied, because that seemed like the best option.
The next morning, Cas slowly drifts into consciousness, the memories of last night playing back in his head. A smile spreads across his face as he starts to open his eyes. He turns over, reaching out to pull Dean into a hug, only to find that his bed is empty.
Cas downed the rest of his drink, wiping the dribble on the back of his hand. When he turned around, he saw Dean being pulled into the arms of a lanky young man, who appeared to be smelling him as they embraced.
“I love you.”
“Damn, I almost forgot. We have to take a picture. Number 15, remember?” Cas pulled his phone from his pocket, opening the camera.
“No, I’m fine. It barely ate through the fabric.” Cas tried to dust himself off, but he was covered, head to toe, in grime.
There was nothing but dead air on the line. Dean could practically feel Cas rolling his eyes as he thought it over.
He quickly shot back that the day was going just fine, lots of friendly faces.
He thought this through carefully. Given, this wasn’t how he thought it would happen. At all. Guns blazing and all that crap he liked to preach, but he never planned for something like this. All he knew is he didn’t want to be a burden anymore. Didn’t want Sam to find some mess. Didn’t want Sam to have to clean up anymore of his mess.
He grabbed a ball, wound up, and sent it flying toward the fuzzy clowns, knocking one over. He grabbed the next ball, and did the same thing, knocking over another clown. He did it again, and again, only missing once.
His thoughts began to get the best of him. Would Cas still want to be with a fat pig? He wasn’t worthy of good things anyway. He couldn’t control himself. Couldn’t stop from stuffing his face. From filling his body to its limits, belly bloated and disgusting. He deserved to be punished. He deserved nothing but emptiness.
Dean heard the front door shut, and the car pull out of the driveway. He was left staring at the ceiling in silence. Silence seemed to be his enemy, as it gave his thoughts room to shout.
“I was told they have some openings for mechanics and engineers on the Sea of Tranquility base. I figured I’d go up there, start at the bottom and try to work my way up to that.”
“You can’t be serious.”
That’s what Dean focused on as he creamed the sugar and butter together. How that moment made him feel so loved and appreciated, and he hoped maybe he could do that for Jack. Dean knew their relationship had been pretty tumultuous from the start, but he had grown to see Jack as a son, and he thought, maybe, somewhere in the depths of his superpowered heart, that Jack felt that way too.
He didn’t even wait for it to cool, he cut it up, tossed it on a plate, and dug in. It burned his mouth, but he didn’t care. The cheese and the sauce and the meat tasted too good. He missed the simplicity of eating whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, but this was exactly why he stopped. After eating the first slice, it started to become almost robotic; he’d pick up the next one and eat it as quickly as he could. He couldn’t tell if he was enjoying any part of it. There was no savoring of the flavors, only piling in the slices like a vacuumous hole. In no time, he had eaten the entire pizza.
“It’s fun, I promise.”
“So, uh... you come here often?” Dean smirked, trying to cover his nerves with a joke.
“You know what? You were super sweet to win me this monkey, and you were beyond brave to ride my favorite ride, so I think it’s only fair that we ride yours.”
“How much did you have to drink tonight?” Dean looked down at the floor, chuckling.
“Sammy, I’m sorry. Take care of baby. Take care of yourself. -Dean”
Dean walks into the room first, and as soon as he does, his eyes light up in awe. Every time Dean comes here, it seems to be more beautiful than the last time. Everywhere you look there are pops of color. Bright reds and pinks, sunshine yellows, deep, rich greens.
Shortly after Cas came out of the coma, Dean sat down and explained everything to John. He was scared as hell, but he didn’t want to keep their relationship a secret. John was surprisingly ok with it. Well, more okay with it than Dean had anticipated. John said he had some suspicions for a while, so it wasn’t so much of a shock. He asked all these questions about how it was that Dean could be gay if he had so many girlfriends in the past. It took a while for John to grasp the concept of bisexuality, but once they got on the same page, he started to come around.
“Damn, I’m sorry.”
“And what about you? What did little Dean Winchester want to be when he grew up?”
Euphoria washed over Dean, his smile plastered like a croissant under cherry-blushed cheeks. Cas remembered.
Over the next couple of weeks, Dean seemed to be making progress. He talked with Cas about what kinds of foods he wanted in the house and what he didn’t. Cas respectfully listened. They cooked meals together, when they could, and they made sure to eat together as much as possible. Sam even stopped over with a pot of homemade chicken noodle soup saying “Hey, it’s medicine for the soul.”
“You smell good,” he said, confirming Cas’s suspicions.
“For what?” Dean lifted his hand to stroke the hair on the back of Cas’s head. It was gentle. A kind of touch that Cas hadn’t known well, but seemingly felt at home within. This was autumn-breeze-easy, an alignment of stars, years in the making, that led them to this abandoned house. It felt a bit like two lifetimes falling into forever.
“We got a window open, and some managed to fly out. My foster dad killed the rest though.”
So while he still had Dean at the forefront of his life, he had to spend as much time with him as he possibly could.
It wasn’t like Cas could tell him that his eyes were mesmerizing, even in the low light of the room, or that his freckles were scattered like constellations across his cheeks, or that his lips looked so very, very kissable. So he lied.
“Can I get in the house first?” Dean laughs, taking off his coat, and his gas mask. He leans down to taste his boyfriend’s homemade tomato sauce. “Oh yeah, that
“I do.” Cas takes Dean’s hand and holds it between his. “And I’m going to be selfish for just a moment, and say that I would be heartbroken to live in a world that you aren’t a part of.”
“I know, but I want to.”
“I feel like... I’ve known you... for a long time.”
“Okay, who wants to go first?” Charlie asked, joining the circle.
The morning went on easy. Once they finished eating, Cas cleared the table and started to wash the dishes.
He kissed Dean’s knuckles and smiled, full of love and compassion.
“I’ll be there in a sec. I’m just gonna wash up.” Dean said as he quickly made his way to the bathroom.
He moved down the hall and slowly creaked open the door to Dean’s room.
“Like a train hit me. What happened?”
His mom told him to be safe, and head right home afterwards. She didn’t want him out in a bad part of town after dark.
“Um, th-thanks?” Cas stuttered, confused and feeling out of place.
While the popcorn popped, Dean shoved as much of the other foods into his mouth as he could. He gulped down the pudding, shoved a handful of marshmallows into the jar of nutella and ate it by the spoonful. He mixed up the oatmeal and while that cooked, he scarfed down the popcorn.
“Fair enough.” Sam stood up, placing his cup in the sink for Cas to wash. “But don’t sell yourself short because you’re scared of what you might lose ... Or of what you might gain.”
“You deserve to be happy. And you deserve to be cared for. And that is the only thing I want to do. That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do. Despite our ups and downs, there is no other being in Heaven or on Earth that I would rather be with.”
It had been about two weeks, his act had gone unnoticed, and he had lost 4 pounds. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to keep him motivated. He switched his diet to barely 1,000 calories. For breakfast he ate one slice of wheat toast, with peanut butter and sliced banana on top. For lunch he ate baby carrots, celery, and cheese sticks. For dinner he ate chicken breasts and broccoli. It was balanced. It was healthy. It allowed him to keep up appearances without feeling ashamed every time he ate.
“You may have mentioned it to me once or twice.”
Upon taking his first bite, Dean finds he was correct. Cas is a damn good cook.
“I didn’t have enough emotional energy to make you a whole playlist this week. Honestly, I barely had enough energy to get here. I haven’t been sleeping well. But I remember the last song we shared together. You held me in your arms and sang me to sleep. You don’t know what I’d give to hear your voice again.”
“I was, we had a half-day today, I told you that. Did you...” Cas shook his head, and looked down at the floor, “You planned on me not being here didn’t you?”
“Just apologize for being a dick, and keep it moving. I’m sure he’ll understand that you didn’t purposefully leave him in the dark.”
“Dean, what are you going to do when I’m not here and you have to fight the big, scary bugs for yourself?”
Dean bit down on Cas’s bottom lip as they pulled apart. Their foreheads touched as they breathed each other in.
“How about that pasta?” Cas asks, trying to lighten the mood.
“Too bad, I don’t think I’d mind being Mr. Castiel Winchester. It has a nice ring to it, don’t you think?”
Dean obeyed, turning so he was face down. He was thankful for the choice of position. He heard a drawer open and close. His heart was racing, unsure of what Cas had planned, but he was excited to find out.
He washed his hands, and brushed his teeth minty-fresh. He went to the kitchen for a glass of water just as Cas was walking through the door.
Mrs. Novak pulled Cas into a hug, giving him a kiss on his cheek.
“Oh, I’m sorry, were you talking to me? Because I was under the impression that you no longer thought I existed.”
He decided not to press it. He let Cas walk him back to his room so he could rest. Cas fluffed the pillow for him, made sure he was comfortable, then ran off to make him a cup of tea. He’d probably put sugar and cream and other nice shit in there because he wanted Dean to feel better. It wouldn’t make him feel better.
“Shit.” It was dark, and Dean could barely make out his surroundings. He had a pounding headache, and his mouth felt dry.
“‘No you’re not. I know when you’re lying.”
Mrs. Novak really went all out. There was bacon and eggs, toast with a variety of jams, sausage, pancakes, and orange juice. Dean hadn’t had a meal like that in years. The closest he got was when John brought home a couple breakfast meals from McDonald's after he got his Christmas bonus.
Cas hummed quietly as he washed the dishes. Dean walked over, grabbing a dish towel.
“Now, I didn’t know what you would be in the mood for, so I got a variety. We have westerns, comedies, sci-fi, rom-coms. Whatever your little heart desires.”
“Are you ok? Something on your mind?” Cas asked, watching Dean space out.
He thought it would get better once he laid down, but it was the opposite. His mind was racing. He was filled with an emotion he couldn’t quite identify. It was a dreadful kind of worry. Almost a compulsion to fix the wrong he had done. He didn’t know what it meant, or how to deal with it.
The water shut off, and Dean ran back in his room. He rummaged through his drawers, finding a worn band tee and a pair of sweatpants. That would do. Hopefully they wouldn’t be too big.
Cas realizes he’s zoned out, daydreaming about the possibility that Dean might reciprocate his newly acknowledged feelings. “No, sorry. Can I take your plate?”
“Well, through the power of technology, the impossible can become possible.”
As Cas straggled into the kitchen, hair mussed, and yawning, he saw Dean flipping pancakes onto a plate.
Dean was taken aback the first time he came over. He ogled the grand staircase, and the big screen TV in the living room. He questioned why there was a formal living room that no one was allowed to go in, but Cas just said that’s how his mother wanted it, so that’s how it was. They had cereal in those plastic containers that were stored in an actual pantry. These people had a pantry! Dean was used to stale store brand cereal that they kept on the top of the fridge, so imagine his surprise when he stayed the night for the first time, and woke up to a home-cooked breakfast.
Dean smiled. “I love you too.”
“Comedy Central will be playing White Chicks in about 15 minutes, and thank the lord because I’m sick of the news. There’s never anything good on on Fridays. Anyway, I decided we need to freshen up our knowledge of “A Thousand Miles,” so that we’re ready for Terry Crews and his dancing pecs.”
“I think Cas is mad at me.”
“I thought you didn’t believe in carnival games.” Dean rolled his eyes, putting air quotes around his words.
Dean crosses his arms and sits back on the couch. His words, sharper. “What about me?
He swallowed two of the tiny pills, and made his way downstairs to clean up.
“Yeah. I pissed off my foster parents, let me tell you. I managed to capture, like, 20 bees from the backyard, and I kept them in this glass jar on my dresser, which I hid under one of my baseball caps. Well, one day, I’m looking at the bees, just holding my little jar and staring at them.
“Luck, I guess. It was scary as shit though. Half the room was on fire, but the extinguisher foam got triggered, white crap sprayed all over the place, and the fire was out in under a minute. The clean up might’ve actually been the worst part.”
As Dean got to the most recent pictures, it felt surreal to be looking at them while Cas was lying across from him in a hospital bed. It seemed like he and Cas were just together, planning a new trip, and fooling around with each other.
|~~~*****~~~|
“Now you listen to me and you listen good. You’re gonna fight this. You’re gonna fight like you’ve never fought before, because I can’t lose you. You mean too much to me.”
Cas set the scrapbook in the center of his bed, then went back to his desk to grab some pens and markers. He had already printed out the picture from the mini golf course, the one where he was on fire, and the two from Ellen’s.
“Of course.” Cas hands it over and shows Dean how to use the app.
By the time he was done, he thought his stomach was going to explode. He felt like shit, both physically and emotionally. He wasn’t so much upset anymore, as he was disappointed and disgusted with himself. How could he ruin all the progress he had made? How could he do this again?
A girl walked by holding one of the oversized monkeys that were hanging on the prize racks of the game booths. Dean scoffed, saying she probably paid to get it, because the games were impossible.
This wasn’t the first time Dean dealt with issues like this, but while on a lunch date with Sam and Castiel, his past decided to sneak its way into the present.
Cas looked very concerned. He didn’t like to see his friend in pain.
“Well, I didn’t believe in riding the pendulum of doom either, but today is a day for trying new things.”
After Dean lit the candle, sticking it right in the middle of the cake, Sam told Jack to make a wish. Dean was sure there was no way Sam remembered that ragtag birthday, or picked up on what Dean was trying to do, but as Jack closed his eyes and made his wish, Dean felt lucky to be surrounded by family. It might not have worked out the exact way he thought, but Dean felt like his wish did come true.
It also helped that John had entered rehab a month back. The realization that Dean was gone hit him pretty hard, and he went on a bender, then woke up in jail, completely unaware that he shoplifted several bottles of alcohol from a liquor store. He didn’t remember anything.
“Ehh. It’s whatever. Things come and they go, so is the way of life.”
Dean ran out of the room and headed straight to the bathroom. He had embarrassed himself in a variety of ways throughout his life, but he was pretty sure this was his crowning faux pas. He couldn’t even stand to be in the same room as Cas. He was sure he’d never want to talk to him again. After all, it was probably a friendship deal breaker to sleep in the same bed as your best friend and wake up with a hard on.
At the back of the park was the Soaring Eagle, a pendulum style ride where your feet dangle as you swing back and forth until eventually, you do a full rotation, and end up hanging upside down.
“Come on, you have to have known I’ve had a crush on you for like… our entire friendship.”
“You need to rest.” Cas said, sitting on the empty side of the bed.
Cas nodded, squeezing Dean’s hand as the ride swung backwards. They were suspended, probably 100 feet above the ground, and despite the inherent panic, the adrenaline rush was starting to kick in. He knew on the next swing forward they’d be upside down.
He faded… faded… faded. And was gone.
"If you're not doing anything, maybe you could come back to my apartment? It’s not much, but I have beer and I make a pretty good spaghetti bolognese.”
As Cas excitedly filled his plate, Dean had to remind himself that this was a marathon, not a sprint. He had to cherish the little bit of good that cut through the bad. He knew that his husband wasn’t entirely himself yet, and that he might not ever be, but some of the pieces had resurfaced, and that was all he needed to put his heart at ease.
“Wait!” Cas takes a step forward, trying to formulate a sentence that he didn’t have planned. “How far away do you live?”
“But what about our summer of adventure? We already made the list, and if you get a job, we’re not going to have time to do it all.”
“I don’t think you can on this one, buddy.” Dean patted Cas on the shoulder. It was a lie, and Dean knew that. He just didn’t think he was ready to go down that road. Dean started to walk out of the room, when he heard a voice call out:
Dean remembered it like it was yesterday. He woke up, ready to go with his dad on a hunt, but Bobby insisted he hang back with him and Sam for the day. Bobby made a cover story about Dean puking his guts out and John didn’t care enough to question it. He probably figured it would be easier to chase a demon without his son slowing him down.
“I do.”
“She put all her faith in me?” Dean looked through the variety of pies, most of them blueberry and cherry, as responsible people had already bought the apple and pumpkin. “She’ll learn not to do that.”
John had moved them to a new house when he was in middle school, forcing him to leave behind most of his friends and make new ones. It was hard, and he didn’t want Cas to struggle the way he did. Plus, Cas was a total nerd, and Dean loved spending time with him.
He knew he shouldn’t eat as a way to deal with his emotions, but damn it, he didn’t know what else to do. He scoured the cupboards for junk food, finding very little thanks to their recent shift to healthier foods. He found a container of nutella, microwave popcorn, instant oatmeal, mini marshmallows, and some sugar free pudding cups.
“Sorry, man. I’ll get going. Thanks for letting me hang out with you.”
It was around 9am when a loud pounding on Dean’s door woke him up.
“Whatever, we can appreciate the beauty of cowboys instead.”
Two days before he had to leave, Dean decided to visit Cas in a last ditch effort to get him to wake up. He came up with a plan, and he didn’t know if it would help, but he didn’t care. He was willing to try anything.
“Smell you later, Crowley.” Dean swung his backpack over his shoulder, throwing up a peace sign, as he left his dorm.
Dean wanted to be able to accept the truth about how he was feeling. He knew Cas was a good person. Cas, more than anybody else, could understand what he was going though. He was the first man to lay a hand on him out of love. One of the only men to leave a mark on his body that wasn’t meant to kill a part of him. Ever since Cas raised Dean from perdition, they shared a very profound bond; more profound than Dean was willing to admit.
Cas takes the flowers and realizes they are the hybrid marigold/lemium flowers that he grew.
“So we can play catch when we’re on the road,” Sam said with a smile of pure innocence. It did get pretty boring on the road. Hours of driving, always waking up in a new town that looked exactly like the previous one. They were thankful for anything that helped pass the time.
Cas picked up one of the cups from the table and peered inside. Sure enough, the water was slightly brown and cloudy. Cas had figured it was another weird house-mixed drink. He scrunched his nose up and set the cup back on the table as Charlie and Dorothy laughed.
Dean didn’t respond. After about 10 minutes, Cas’s phone buzzed.
“I already said I’m fine.”
He drifted off to sleep, face nuzzled in the other man’s hair.
“It’s part of the outfit, Cas. Besides, if you think I’m going to casually get out of a minivan in regular clothes, you don’t know me at all. People from school might be here. I have an image to maintain.”
“Alright. See you then.”
“You sure?”
On the final swing around the top, he opened his eyes, and saw the blur of metal and sky, and felt just a little bit of the magic that Dean was talking about.
“I’ve been thinking. You are probably the exact type of person my mother would have wanted me to end up with. You’re smart, come from a good home with loving parents, you got plans for the future. You’ve made me a better man than I was before I met you.”
Cas was the one to finally break the silence, gaining enough courage to say what was on his mind.
“Alright son, you get to take your pick of anything on the top row, or two prizes from the bottom row,” said the man running the game as he gestured to the different prizes.
“Will you stay a little longer?” Cas asks, voice low, nearly a whisper.
As Bobby lit the candles, he and Sam sang an off-key version of happy birthday while Dean tried to keep from laughing. Sam was on the edge of his seat, telling Dean to make a wish, make a wish!
“What, are you prude?” Charlie retorted.
Cas looked down at the text on his phone, perplexed. He hated that Dean randomly chose to send him things with zero explanation.
“Dean Winchester are you asking me to be your boyfriend?”
After a couple hours, Cas finally came home. Dean tried to play off his sickness by fake taking a nap.
“Dean… how are you holding up?”
“No. What I’m saying is, if you’re gonna die anyway, might as well die on the cool ride.”
Dean had started college at Kansas State. He decided to major in architectural engineering, which was harder than he expected, but Cas was more than happy to tutor him. It gave him something to do, and he loved seeing Dean chase after his dreams.
It was officially summer vacation, and as much as Dean wanted to enjoy not having to wake up while the moon was still out, his rusted old fan had finally kicked the bucket and he woke up covered in sweat. He picked up his phone and checked the time. 5am. Fantastic. He fiddled with the fan, turning it on and off, unplugging it and plugging it back in, but no luck.
“No. I don’t think that’s necessary. I slipped up, did something stupid. It’s not going to happen again.” Dean knew he shouldn’t lie, but he didn’t want some stranger poking around his personal life. Besides, it wasn’t serious. He ate food like a normal person most of the time, and he wasn’t skin and bones.
Cas can feel his heart plummet. Here’s this wonderful man, who he thought he might actually have a shot with, a potential future with, and he’s going to be moving to the fucking moon. Fantastic.
“Dean!” Cas’s expression dropped to stoic anger as Dean fought not to laugh. He lost.
“Coming from a man who has saved the world on multiple occasions, I’ll take that as a great compliment.”
Next thing he knew, Dean was standing in his doorway, nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. His hair was wet and the towel sat just low enough to provide a delicious view of Dean’s hips. And just like that, Cas could feel a troubling situation start to grow in his own pants. Now was definitely not the time.
“Sweet. So, are you gonna make a move?”
“You know what would be fun?” Cas walked over to his desk and pulled out a distressed leather scrapbook with the words “Summer of Adventure” written on the front. He knew he probably should have asked Dean for his opinion on which one they should get, since it was a shared activity, but it seemed so perfect that he went with the “it’s better to beg forgiveness” option. Besides, the custom lettering was 50% off that day, so he had to take advantage of the sale. “If we got started on our scrapbook.”
His mother told him he could do better.
Looking down, Dean finally understood. “Oh shit!” He jumped out of the bed, wrapping the blanket around his waist. He looked down again, pulling the blanket away from his body, just to see if he was hallucinating. He wasn’t. “Oh my god, this is bad. This is so, so, very bad.”
Cas spoke the words that had lingered on the tip of his tongue for so long, and he felt free. Even as he watched Dean’s eyes fill with tears, he didn’t regret letting Dean know how special he was, how important, how loved. That was the last thing he’d say to Dean, and it was worth it. The weight that haunted him had been lifted and Dean had been saved.
“You begged me to get you the nice shoes because this was your first real dance, with your first real girlfriend, and then you turn right around and lose them.”
Cas’s stomach sank. He knew it was probably silly, but he felt betrayed. For all he knew, Dean could’ve been in a ditch on the side of the road somewhere, or halfway to Tahiti with a missing kidney. He was too busy with his new friends to even bother sending a reply. Noted.
“Yes, really. Consider it forgotten.”
“Well, I don’t see anything.” Dean looked all around the room. Surely if there was a bug big enough to cause Cas to scream bloody murder, he’d be able to see it against the white walls. Cas was swaying from side to side, looking all around the ceiling, but nowhere else.
“I know this one really isn’t of us, but you really made Sam’s night. If we’re being honest, and I can be since you can’t really say anything back, I fell in love with you a little bit that night. You were so good with Sam, and you know how much he means to me. You two getting along was like a dream come true.”
“Thank you! I still can’t believe you own so many clothes. Your family must run one hell of a company.”
“I understand.” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he sat down next to him. “I don’t want to force you into something you aren’t comfortable with.”
It wasn’t fun to see Dean down on himself, especially because Cas honestly didn’t care about the now forgotten events of the morning, but he had an idea that he was sure would make both of them feel better.
Cas had a choice to make. He could sit around, missing Dean, and mourning, or he could get up and go save the most important person in his life. He thought about what Dean would do for him, and the choice was easy. He and Sam hopped into the impala, wheels screeching as they sped out into the darkness.
Cas nods, figuring he better take that small slice of a win, and run with it. “Okay.”
“Yeah, right,” Dean scoffs.
He played the song of the day while he hung up his art.
When Castiel first came to earth, his wings were black and heavy. A burden. But that changes when Cas is able to speak his truth.
Dean snuck away to the upstairs bathroom, hoping the distance would be enough of a cover. He turned on the faucet and kneeled before the toilet.
Dean rolled down the window and shouted, “Thanks for the pie Mrs. Novak!”
Cas couldn’t believe it. “This is so sweet! How did you know?”
Cas never mentioned their economic differences though. Maybe he thought it would be rude, maybe he didn’t think of it at all, but either way, Dean was happy that they all treated him like part of the family, and not like the poor boy with the dead mom.
“We’re going to get him back, Cas.”
“Dude, this is delicious.”
“You love me too?” Cas asked, tilting his head to the side. He looked like a puppy dog in puppy love.
He gave him a kiss on the cheek, pulling back with a smile that scrunched his cheeks up into his eyes.
“Sorry we’re late, but… it’s us.” Dean said, walking up to the front door.
Dean sat down and grabbed a plate. “You guys didn’t have to do all this.”
“No thank you, Dean.” Cas turned the water off and dried his hands. “Is there something still bothering you? You seem a little on edge?”
They resumed the game, everyone taking sips from their own cup when needed. The game went back and forth until it was down to two cups each. It was anyone’s game.
Cas leans down and kisses the top of Dean’s head, happy that at least for now, he can watch over him. Keep him safe. Make him feel at peace. If his wish comes true, he’d get to do this everyday, but Cas isn’t sure if a re-creation of a shooting star will still grant your wishes.
“Ouch.” Meg placed her hand over her heart, in a display of faux hurt. She leaned down and grabbed the glass bottle, spinning it with a quick flick of her wrist.
It's the end!
Dean shook his head, “No. I don’t need you guys fussing over me. I’ll be fine.”
“You know, Cas,” Dean started, swallowing the doughy goodness and wrapping his arm around the monkey. “This is some serious rom-com bullshit, I gotta tell you.”
He was sluggish at work. The customers noticed, his co-workers noticed. He was usually the most charismatic person in the building, so to see him with his head propped up on his hand, nearly falling asleep at his desk, was odd.
Even with his umbrella, he was still dripping water on the floor by the time he got to Cas’s room.
Cas let out a sigh of contentment, “For making me feel seen.”
Dean took Cas’s face into his hands, looking deeply into his eyes. “I am so madly in love with you. I need you to remember Cas, please.” His voice broke as tears welled in his eyes.
He was pulled out of his reverie by Dean asking if he’d like to dance. No wasn’t an option. Dean fed some change into the jukebox and put on a slow, romantic tune. He could tell some of the patrons would’ve preferred something more upbeat, but Dean didn’t seem to care. He was on a mission.
He opted with his tried and true passion: volunteering. His family spent last summer volunteering at the local food bank, and he figured that would be an easy fit. He loved giving back to the community, especially because he was in such an opportune place to do so. His family was well off, he had plenty of down time, plus the volunteer work would look excellent on his future resume. It was a win-win for everyone.
John came home drunk one night, and found a questionable magazine in the bathroom. Dean figured the Playboy buffer would be enough that no one would ever see the copy of Playgirl inside. Dean had rushed out of the bathroom when he thought Sam had gotten hurt, leaving the magazine behind.
“I love how certain smells and tastes can take you back, you know? Do you have any fond memories associated with champagne?”
Of course you can’t, Dean thought, because you have self control.
A train whistle blows in the distance, and a familiar rumble shakes the walls of the building. Four o’clock, right on time. The rumble grows till it feels like a minor earthquake, then it stops. The last group of the day is here.
~*****~
“Job hunting? It’s summer, Dean. Doesn’t he know kids are supposed to enjoy their time off before college?”
He lifts his head and notices how the light from the TV somehow makes Cas’s eyes look a darker blue. And how he has a couple freckles near his nose. And how the stubble along his jaw would probably prick his chin if they kissed.
“You have, you have! That’s good, Cas. What else do you remember?”
“Why can’t you do that?”
“I want to be right here with you.” Dean turns his head to look into Cas’s eyes, and Cas returns the look with a smile.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight, brain racing to figure out exactly what he should wish for. There are so many things he had been hoping would come true for him, but he knew there was one thing he’d want a little extra luck with.
Dean places his hand on Cas’s cheek, pulling him in, closing the last few centimeters between them. And wow, it’s really happening.
He planned on getting pumpkin, but he figured Mrs. Novak would have baked her own, and he didn’t want to get the same flavor. He needed to check in on things anyway, so he called Anael.
Cas was looking at Dean like the universe existed within his eyes. Dean had never been looked at like that. Like he was something precious. Like he was more than damaged goods dragged back from hell.
“I didn’t know what to think. You were barely conscious, you couldn’t speak. I thought I lost you.” Cas stopped, looking down at the floor.
Dean opened it up and it was adorable. All the students signed it and put little messages on it.
Cas looked down at the ground, trying to gain the courage to say what he's trying to say.
The bottle stopped spinning and it was pointed right at him. This was really happening. It wasn’t a dream, it wasn’t wishful thinking, the boy that he absolutely had a crush on was about to kiss him.
“Spin the bottle? What are we, seven?” Dean asked through gritted teeth.
The candles were a “2” and a “3,” no combination of which was remotely close to Dean’s age, but that’s what Bobby had leftover from one of his previous birthdays. It was fine though, because Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had a birthday party or a cake. It was probably when his mother was still alive.
If nothing else, at least for this moment, they have each other. They have a new found love, and the hope that tomorrow will come, and bring with it a feather-light peace. They’ve chosen hope. They’ve chosen to fight. They’ve chosen to stay and see how the rest of their story unfolds.
Cas’s eyes went wide, he looked like someone just told him he won the lottery.
It had been a couple of days since Cas’s death and Dean still hadn’t accepted it. He and Sam salted and burned the body, which was draining for both of them, to say the least. They already lost the closest thing they ever had to a father, and yet again they found themselves in front of the familiar flame, saying a final farewell to their best friend. Dean kept the trench coat. It was wrapped around one of his flannels in the back of his closet.
He is.
“Do you think it would be helpful to see someone? Like a therapist or something?” Cas was cradling Dean as they snuggled on their bed. It was easier for Dean to open up while feeling hidden under all the blankets.
“If you think I’m going to let you immortalize this moment-”
“I hope you like this song. It’s one of my favorites. Dad used to blast it on road trips when we were little. Sam used to think one of the lyrics was “like an eagle dismembered,” and he would scream it at the top of his lungs, and Dad would laugh.” Dean sat in the chair next to Cas, and pulled the song up on his phone. “Anyway, maybe one day we can play it on a road trip of our own.”
“This was your fault. You couldn’t save him. He was your best friend. He trusted you. You wanted him to be something more than he was and now he’s gone. It’s your fault. He loved you, and look what you did. Just like everyone else you’ve ever loved. Dead.”
Cas hoped this was all just a bad dream, and that when he came to, he’d go back to the bunker, and Dean would be there, drinking a beer, happy to see him.
Dean laughed, and that was one of Cas’s favorite sounds. He felt like the luckiest man alive knowing he would get to hear that sound for the rest of his life.
“This one’s weird,” Dean says, watching the patterns shift from blue circles to green waves. He checks the name of it in the app, furrowing his eyebrows at the unrecognizable name. “What’s ‘Windows Media Player?’”
“Really?”
If you read this far, thank you so much for giving this fic a chance.
The room is silent. Neither man knows what to say that won’t make the other feel even more uncomfortable. It feels like it lasts hours. Every possible sentence gets swallowed back down before it even has a chance to be spoken. A clock ticks from somewhere else in the house, and Dean chooses to focus on that so he doesn’t puke all over Castiel’s couch.
“Please stay.”
Dean knew his words were nothing but a quiet prayer sent into the ether. Despite the accident having been non-fatal, it might as well have killed Cas, because he wasn’t the same. The doctors said he might not ever fully regain his memory. He might not ever be him again.
Dean was honestly one of the most intriguing and aesthetically pleasing men Cas had ever laid eyes on. A rough around the edges business man, with soft features, bright eyes, and a heart-melting smile. Cas kept cracking jokes just so he could see those lips bloom with joy. For a moment, he lost himself in the thought of what it would be like to wake up next to that smile. To kiss those lips.
“I promised you for better or for worse. Rich or poor. In sickness and in health, and I meant it. I’m not gonna stop until I get you back. Until I get my husband back.” Dean let his gaze fall to the ground.
He could feel Cas’s breath, warm in the space between them. He was a conflicting mess of panic and desire. He focused on Cas’s chest, rising and falling with each labored breath. He felt dizzy and his hands were sweating. He had to make a move.
When he was throwing up nothing but bile, he heard a knock at the door.
“I know it’s a party, but I don’t think there’s any hard drugs here tonight.”
Meg stood up, adjusting her leather jacket. She walked over to the boy, who sat there looking absolutely mortified. “I don’t believe we’ve properly met. I’m Meg.”
Dean checks his watch, and realizes he’s been sitting in the same spot for nearly 30 minutes.
It must’ve been the combination of weed and alcohol, and that’s what Cas told himself, because he couldn’t stop staring at Dean. They had been friends for so long, and he never really let himself dwell on how beautiful he was for fear that it would make things weird. But now...
Dean told him about the drunk driver that hit Cas, and how he didn’t want John to be that kind of person, and he also didn’t want to lose his father in such a tragic way. He wasn’t expecting John to listen, but it turned out, that was exactly the kick in the ass John needed to get his life in gear.
“Yeah it was.” Dean leaned against the wall, a huge smile plastered on his face. He rested his head against the concrete and pulled Cas against his chest. They stayed like that, listening to the music and enjoying the closeness.
Silence.
“I bet. Glad you’re alive though. This world would suck without you.” Dean goes back to eating his pasta, paying little attention to Cas’s response to the sentiment.
“I leave you here to watch your brother! What kind of example are you setting for him?”
“I knew it.” Sam chuckled, getting back to work.
“Is everything alright?” Cas asks, looking as if he might have somehow hurt Dean.
Then he looks at Cas, his eyes a salt water blue and pleading. Cas, who makes his heart feel easy. Makes love seem like something Dean could hold in his hands without it crumbling. Cas, whose arms feel like a summer morning, like a promise that everything is going to be okay. And Dean believes it.
“Here we are,” Dean said, full of excitement.
“Guess I could kill some time.” The pilot heads into the Biodome, leaving Dean to do his mechanic work.
Like I said, this was my first time doing DCBB, and I had a lot of fun.
She was a spitfire. She liked to party, and lived a spontaneous life. Which was fine, until she found out she was pregnant with twin boys. She didn’t want the responsibility of raising children, so she left. Chuck didn’t try to stop her. In fact, at first, he saw it as a blessing. He wasn’t chained down to one woman. He was free to play the field.
He couldn’t stop.
He tried to stand up, but he was too dizzy. His hearing started to fade, followed by his vision. Everything got hazy. Then everything went black.
If he wasn’t mistaken, Cas could’ve sworn Dean whispered “I love you,” but he probably misheard, the music being so loud.
Cas gently placed a kiss to Dean’s lips, spying what was in the pan.
“Yup.”
Dean doesn’t want the kiss to end, because he fears once it does, the magic he’s feeling will disappear. Reality will sneak back in, seep into his veins, and he’ll remember that he has other duties to attend to. That being wrapped in the shelter of another man’s arms is not a chapter in the book of his life.
Cas doesn’t respond. Instead he scooches closer to Dean, setting the nearly empty bowl on the table.
“No way, you have a TwoWay window?”
“Shit.” Garth sighed defeatedly, hanging his head. “I’m going to make sure no one’s hurt. I’ll leave this with you two. I know she’ll be in good hands.” Garth handed the bowl to Dean, and went to check on the commotion.
“Dean!” Cas knocked on the door. “Please don’t overreact about this.”
They both looked at each other like they were waiting for the other one to back out, but surely enough, they both leaned in and they kissed. It was just a quick peck, but everyone cheered and whooped.
Cas was sitting by himself, taking small sips from his red plastic cup. It only occurred to Dean in that moment that Cas had never met most of these people before, and he was not social enough to introduce himself.
And that was that. Dean layed on the couch for maybe an hour, when Cas called him to come eat.
“No, you wouldn’t.” Cas laughed. “Though it’s a little unfair to say that you set me on fire. It was more mother nature’s doing.”
He told himself, only get the burger, don’t get the fries. But he did. Once he saw the menu, he couldn’t hold back. When the waitress came to check on them, he asked for a slice of cherry pie, a side of onion rings, and a soda. If he was gonna go off the deep end, might as well go for the high dive.
Dean cradled Cas’s face in his hand, caressing his cheek ever so gently with his thumb. He thought about what the future would hold for them, and honestly, he couldn’t think of a more fitting sentiment, so he simply nodded his head and said, “Me too.”
By the end of the film Dean had fallen asleep, though he fought to stay awake.
“I think I’m set for right now,” Dean said, taking a sip of his beer.
“Consider it a gift. Now pick. Whichever one you want.”
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to talk about it, as much as he didn’t know if he could. He was scared that if he started, everything would come pouring out, and he couldn’t have that.
“We have to take it again,” he said, sliding his phone back into position.
“Because that’s what I was taught!”
“What can I say? When someone comes into your life, and they make your heart sing, why waste a single moment? Every day is a gift, after all.”
Dean rang the doorbell, trying to shake out his nerves. Charlie could tell he was on edge, and honestly, she couldn’t blame him.
Cas went over and gave Dean a hug, keeping one arm behind his back.
“Angel was a code name that me and Charlie made up because I didn’t want you to accidentally read my texts and see what we were talking about.”
The more he thought about it, the more he realized he couldn’t think of anything he wanted more. So he squeezed Cas’s hand, the lights of the amusement park lighting up their eyes, and said, “Me too.”
Dean wrapped his arm around Cas, and snapped the picture. It made him feel better knowing that they both had disgusting pictures with hilarious backstories. At the rate they were going, the scrapbook was going to be a compilation of two friends slowly approaching their death.
Cas’s voice was a barely a whisper, but Dean knew it was a command. He listened an laid on his back on the bed, watching as Cas rolled up his sleeves.
All Cas could do was nod, and Dean’s lips were back on his. It was a little awkward, but it was wonderful. Dean cupped his cheek with one hand, the other snaking around the back of his head to pull him closer. Cas could feel him smiling against his lips. There was no doubt in his mind that Dean liked him.
Dean looked into Cas’s eyes, his smile brighter than it’s ever been. He saw the rest of his life standing right in front of him, and there was no place else he’d rather be.
John stood up and made his way over to the two. He pulled Dean into a hug, telling him that he was proud of him. He gave Cas a hug too, welcoming him to the Winchester family.
“I have to stay here?”
As Cas took a sip, the lemon-lime, corn-syrup-laced flavor saturating his taste buds, a girl with red hair ran up behind Dean and put her hands over his eyes.
Cas’s deal with the empty loomed over his head until it finally caught up with him. Death was pounding on the door, set on killing him and Dean as soon as she broke through. Dean knew it, and Cas could see the fear in his eyes. This wasn’t how he thought it would happen, but he knew he had a shot at saving Dean if he could just tell him the truth.
As the party dwindled down, they stayed in their corner, wrapped up in each other. The music played, and the rest of the world faded away. For one night, they got to be happy. For one night, they got to be themselves. Even if the next day it all came crashing down, it wouldn’t matter, because they had each other. It wasn’t what most people would hope for, but it was as close to perfect as either of them had ever known.
“Look, I promise that I’ll do my best to fit in the things on our list, okay? But I have to get a job. That’s non-negotiable. So, what do you say? Will you come with me and make it less miserable?”
The ride came to a halt, and the bars raised up. Cas was a little disappointed when Dean’s hand was no longer entwined with his, but he was proud of himself for actually going on the ride. He did it.
Charlie agreed, plus she hadn’t gotten to see Dean in a while, so she was excited for them to hang out again.
The group of people who were on the ride got off, and the line moved forward. They were officially at the point of no return. Cas looked mortified.
“What?” Cas tilted his head up to look at Dean. He couldn’t tell what he was thinking. The silence felt like it lasted forever, but it was probably only a few seconds.
“Hey honey, how was your day?” Cas asked, from the living room as Dean hung up his jacket.
The two of them lay together like that, holding each other and watching the stars, until they both fall asleep.
“I’ll make a position for you.”
~~~     ***     ~~~
~**********~
Dean didn’t want to admit how much he’d like that. He was a strong, monster-killing machine. He didn’t need to be treated like a child. It was a friggin’ stomach ache for Christ’s sake. But Cas was sitting there, blue eyes all wide and caring. How could he say no to that?
“No, you’re good. Thank you for coming by the way. I know you’re missing time with your family.”
Dean laughed, “Nevermind.”
“I know you think the guitar sounds like a dying frog, but this is a classic, dude.” As the song played, Dean grabbed Cas’s hands, and pretended to dance with him. “I know that we’re gonna make it through this. You and I.”
DW: I know you’re mad at me, but I’m really, really sorry. If you need some you time, I understand, but I have a surprise for you. I tried stopping by, but your sister said you weren’t home. Please message me when you can.
Cas didn’t want to see Dean down in the dumps when they were having such an amazing time together. Luckily, he had a plan to turn things around.
With Dean’s lips on his, Cas is dizzy in the head. He had thought about this moment, but the real thing beats any concocted fantasy he might have had. Dean’s mouth is warm and inviting, and he kisses like it’s the air he needs to breathe. Like it frees something in him. Maybe it does.
Cas dropped Dean off after offering to bring him back to his house, as it was closer. Dean declined, saying he had to go check on Sam anyway. John would be pissed if he came home to find that Sam had gotten into trouble while Dean was off goofing around.
“Yeah, it looks like it.” Dean answered.
Cas shrugs his shoulders, “I don’t know.”
“What the fuck? I was just playing the game. She made the shot, so I had to drink.”
“Dean? Cas?” he called out, suspecting something was up.
Dean bites his lip, trying to hide a smirk. He sinks back into the person he knows he has to present to the world. “Well, I can’t imagine you cooking, so I guess I’ll take you up on that offer. Just so I can see it for myself.”
“Alright, Tiger Woods, let’s get the show on the road.”
“I understand that you like to suffer Dean, it’s in your nature,” Cas said, coming back into the room, “but why not let me help you?”
“Dude, I love your mom.” Dean unwrapped the pie and took a huge bite of the caramel apple goodness.
As they headed out, Dean checked the time. Great. It was 3:55pm. He told Charlie to meet him there at 3:40pm, and while she had met Cas a couple of times, he didn’t want to put her through the awkwardness of making small talk with Cas’s family.
It was John. If there was one thing he couldn’t stand it was either of his boys wasting their time. It was summer, but that didn’t mean it was going to be a vacation.
“Ooo, what a rebel.” Dean joked as he poured some of the whiskey into Cas’s cup.
“Okay everyone,” she clapped her hands to get their attention. “Grab your chairs and gather ‘round, we are going to play spin the bottle!”
“The fact that I absolutely do like boys, but more importantly, that I like one very special, very cute boy in particular.”
Cas laughed. He didn’t know what to make of Dean sometimes. He was a specific brand of reckless that Cas found endearing, but would never understand. If he were in Dean’s shoes, he wouldn't make a decision like that based on someone else’s opinions. He’d probably pull out another sheet of extra large paper and make a pros and cons list.
“I’ll think about it.”
“Not in my car. Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.”
” Cas’s heart flutters as he hits send.
“Pinky promise?”
“Well, yeah you dingus.” Charlie had a way with words. “You ignored him all day, so he’s probably just trying to level the playing field. Like when you like someone, and they text you, and you don’t want to seem too desperate, so you wait like twice as long to text them back. Obviously, you were out doing things and living a life separate from him, he probably just wants you to think he’s busy and living his best life too.”
“I’ll go wherever you go.” Cas had a smile cemented on his face. Dean couldn’t recall the last time he had seen Cas so happy. Come to think of it, he couldn’t remember the last time
The question hung in the air. Cas was stunned, unsure if he heard the question correctly. It seemed like something out of a dream, but as he looked up at Dean’s adorable face, it clicked. He wanted to be the one to help paint Dean’s room his favorite color, he wanted to bring him soup when he was sick, and he wanted to make sure he knew he was important, not only to him, but to the world. He knew the answer would be easy.
And then it happened.
“How did you get these without me noticing?”
“Calm down. I’m not mad, and you have nothing to be sorry about.”
“Listen, you’re the only one who knows I’m bi. I haven’t told Cas, and I don’t think I’m ready for everyone else to know either. Not yet. And I don’t want to risk making things weird between me and Cas.” It wasn’t that Dean had a problem with his sexuality, but he knew that plenty of people in town would. Now wasn’t the right time to come out. Maybe once he got to college and could feel things out, but for now, it seemed better to keep things low key.
“Look man,” Sam whispered, trying to keep the conversation out of earshot. “You’re my brother and I’m not going to tell you how to live your life but, do you ever think that maybe... you could have days like this all the time?”
Cas could tell Dean was nervous. If they switched places, Cas probably would’ve jumped out the window and sprinted off into the woods so he could begin his life as a lonely hermit, too ashamed to show his face in modern society.
“Okay, well the real you is a ripped t-shirt from 1975. So for my sake, please wear the shirt that I gave you.”
Dean didn’t want to take a bite. Dean wanted all of the food to be gone so that he wouldn’t have to think about it, but the candy sat before his lips, mocking him. When he looked down, Cas was staring at him with those puppy dog eyes.
Dean felt a disgusting warmth spread through his chest, and a smile widen below his blushing cheeks. He had a full blown crush, and he hated it. But whatever, he felt like he was flying so he decided to embrace it.
“Something like that.”
“Fine, Dean. If that’s what you want, I’ll respect your wishes.”
Cas pulled some money out of his pocket, and paid for two rounds. Dean tried to convince him to do something a little easier, but Cas knew what he was doing.
Cas smiled, “I never thought I’d hear those words come out of your mouth.”
Cas knew it wasn’t his fault, but he hated the idea that the man he loved could be suffering, and there was nothing he could do about it.
DW: Hell yeah! You wanna go to Ellen’s? We could do the pancake challenge and check another thing off our list?
“So, ‘Screw Heaven,’ huh?” Cas gestured to the graffiti on the back wall. There had been a couple different phrases and pictures spray painted on the walls, but that one caught Cas’s eye.
Cas: “
When he set the cake down in front of Jack and lifted the lid, he didn’t know what his reaction would be. He waited, trying to hide his pride just in case Jack hated it, but as soon as Jack saw it, he smiled, and that made Dean’s heart swell. Jack loved it.
There are tons of options and features, which Dean thinks is wild because this is a window. The coolest part about his window is the gummy lizard that Sam got stuck to it a few years back. He could’ve scraped it off, but it kind of looks like stained glass when the sun shines through, so he kept it there.
Dean helps set the table. He’s still not used to having actual meals like this, regularly, and at an actual dinner table. But he likes it. He likes putting the matching dinner plates on the place mats that he and Cas picked out together. He likes setting out the cutlery, made of actual metal, not plastic. He likes pouring lemonade into actual glasses. It feels like he finally gets to have a piece of a normal life. One where he isn’t the sole provider and backbone of the house, and instead he gets to share it. He gets to be a part of it. Enjoy it, even.
Looking down at their hands, Cas noticed the matching rings. Identical gold bands engraved with tiny lettering, and it finally clicked.
“You know what, Cas,” Dean began, taking a swig from a nearby bottle of beer, needing to wash down his nerves, “if your family can’t see how amazing you are, then that’s their loss. You are funny, and caring, and so fucking cute. And honestly…” Dean paused.
Dean swallowed, heart racing. Cas’s hands
Cas gave the bowl to Dean, who took a hit and handed it back to Garth. Garth inhaled slowly then took the opportunity to blow a huge smoke ring into the air. It floated over Cas’s head for a moment before dispersing into the darkness.
John lashed the belt against Dean’s side, cutting him off mid-sentence.
College should’ve been no different. He applied for a couple in-state schools, and a couple out of state as well. He tried to make sure he and Dean applied to most of the same ones, that way they could go to college together.
“That doesn’t sound like you enjoy it.”
The second Cas touches Dean’s hand, Dean tries to burn the feeling into his brain. Cas’s hands aren’t as calloused as his own, but they’re bigger. They’re gentle as they guide Dean’s thumb to the scanner pad on the remote. After a flash of light, the TV makes its suggestion.
“Did you need something or did you just call to panic about pie?”
“You um… have.. a…” Cas pointed at the bulge in Dean’s boxers, before returning his gaze to the ceiling.
Sam didn’t want to wake them, so he just smiled, and set the grocery bag of Tums and Pepto on the night side table. He tip-toed out of the room, quietly shutting the door behind him.
“I don’t...You don’t have to do this.”
“Sweetie, I know you want everything to go just right, but getting yourself worked up isn’t going to help. Just take a moment, refocus your energy, and remember what today is about. Being with loved ones, and giving thanks for what we have.”
“But I kissed you?” Cas furrowed his brow, unsure of where this was headed.
Dean hides his smile behind another bite of pasta. He never thought of it like that. Never thought of himself as brave. But with Cas saying it, it’s not so hard to believe.
“Dean, open the door.” Sam had been knocking every hour or so, hoping he could stir his brother from his room, which he barricaded himself in. The hallway remained silent; there was no creaking of floorboards, no rusted squeak of bedsprings to signal movement. Just silence.
Sam shook his head, laughing to fight the tears.
“I can honestly say I’ve never been banned from a property before. It was kinda fun,” Cas said, starting the car.
They waited it out until the announcement was made that visiting hours were over. They packed up their things, and headed back home, disappointed. It wasn’t a guarantee that he would wake up, it was an estimate, but damn it, Dean wanted it to be correct. They all did.
The look of confusion on Cas’s face deepened.
He tries to get his thoughts back on track, because he doesn’t want to mess this up. Doesn’t want another vacancy in his life. He’s had plenty of friends come and go, and eventually he recovers, but Dean is different.
Dean tries to hold it together, but the pain creeps up his throat, his vision blurs and his eyes start to pour. Cas pulls him into a hug, and holds him. He doesn’t know if it’s what he needs right now, but it feels right. This man is falling apart before him, and all he wants to do is be the one who holds him together.
“What do you want to do up there anyway? You know they don’t pay you until you’ve worked up there for a year, right?” Cas is filled with a mix of sadness, anger, and worry. The Moon Colony isn’t as grand of a place as the government likes to make it out to be. Dean would be working odd jobs here and there and he’d essentially be a servant to the state until he had a full year of work experience. The food is rationed. Contact with Earth is limited. It’s a huge adjustment.
